VOLUME IAXXY-NO. 142.
THEY MAY BE
THE VICTIMS
OF SPANIARDS
Dewey Has Several Theo
ries as to the Fate of
Gillmore's Men.
6pecial Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by
James Gordon Bennett.
MANILA, April 20.- — Admiral Dewey, in an interview
to-day, said the expedition of the gunboat Yorktown
to Baler was purely to rescue Spanish soldiers and
priests who are beii gfed in the church there. The sol
rs refuse ler when ordered to lay down their arms
by General Rios at the end of the Paris Peace Conference.
Imiral Dewey said he did not know what had become of
Lieutenant I the fourteen men in the launch. They
und the mouth of the river, but went beyond
of the Yorktown. His supposition is they
I by the Spaniards or by the 400 insur
eging the Spanish garrison.
al Dewey declined to say what steps he would take
punitive expedition.
.' Rios, the Spanish commander, when interviewed.
I not think the garrison at Baler knew the war be
le United States and Spain had ended. He had sent an
er in January to tell the garrison to surrender. The garri
. either not believing the officer or fearing they
rapped by the insurgents. Since then General Rios
I no communication with the garrison, and this is the
•rmation he has had that the Spanish flag is still flying at
• nglit the Americans were shot at by the insurgents.
Spaniards themselves are besieged and have no way of
to the river. General Rios said he had not been con
sending the expedition to the relief of Baler.
I read a letter containing General Rios' last appeal to
Ido, in which he said the release of the Spanish prisoners
ild create a bond of sympathy between the Filipinos and
DISASTROUS
FIRE VISITS
SAN JOSE
Facial Pippatrh to Th« Call.
FAN JOBE, April 20.— disastrous
fire br f 'ke out in the cooper shop of
7-lor.vich's winery on West San Carlos
street, near the narrrw-gauge track,
about 1:30 this morning, and before the
flames were checked over $100,000 worth
of property was destroyed.
The conflagration is the worst that
has visitf-d this city for some time, and
owing to it being outside the city limits
and an inadequate water supply little
could be done to faye anything.
A. .rich's winery and the ware
house of Castle Bros., fruit shippers,
with their contents were totally de
stroyed, as was the residence of E. O.
Brown adjoining. Across the railroad
track, not a block away, art the build
ings of the ■■•-. • Western Can Com
pany and the Ban Jose Fruit Company,
nnd for a time it looked as though these
buildings might take fire, but a bucket
brigade did effective work. Had these
buildings burned the fruit industry
would have been materially affected, as
much of the valley's product is handled
by the fruit packing company.
The fire was d!» overed in the coop
hop by Patrolmen Marcen and
Black. The West San Jose Hose Com
: tvork, but they had not
ratue t" handle it. It
winery and then to Cas
svarehouse on the east.
Just how the fire started is a mystery,
rk had been done In the (
. a year. It looks, how-
Tho winery building <^oKt $25,000 when
by A. Zirovk-h. In
240,000 gallons of wine.
machinery, iK-lting, etc.,
■ ,i]..ni» of cooperfige,
• $15,000. A ( onservative
and contents
. . • $7£ 000. s- .!:;•• of the wine
roperty of H. 11. Kooeev. On
•.(-- and contents were about
Insurant • . >>n the 10th of th|s
.J w. Rea <^- Co. wrote a policy
I tome Insurance
h. .J. A. Clayton &
. me, Wooster &
BBman & Orvis
on wine and contents.
Brothers' loss is estimated at
The warehouse
waa •• I. O. I v. ho
ai $10,000, with no in-
Buran<
by insurance . They tost their pa<
outfit :m<i from 100 to 150 tona of dried
fruit. I--'. O. Brown's loss on his
and furniture is about $1500.
• Imi Zicovlch has been
a •. i-mbarrass<-<l a
pu its havp pil<nl up a^'inst him. About
ir ;iu" another mysterious ftri
: n close proximity to thai of
morning, when some half a dozen
belonging to Zicovlch were <!■•
■■i. At that time his loss was from
♦ II Jj'i.'KjO. with ample Insuranrv.
Th<-ro were two mortgages' on the
ry property. Julian Reia had one
and Mtf. Khofcldt another
there was a chat
t.-l mortgage of $18,000 on the machin
ery in th<- place. Zicovich stat'-d this
:ik that he was satisfied the Hie
was the work of an incendiary. He
had been in San Francisco negotiating
The San Francisco Call.
for the pale of his? wine. He placed
his losp at 1160,000, hut this is undoubt
edly too hiph.
WOULD MEAN WAR, ONLY IT
IS NOT TRUE.
Story of the Imprisonment of the Com
mander of the Falke Carries Its
Own Refutation.
THE story of the arrest at Apia
of the captain of the German
cruiser Falke by a party of Brit-
ish biuejackets, brought to Vic
toria by the Australian liner Ao-angi
to-day, carries its own refutation.
The Aorangi does not stop at
Samoa on her trip from "Wellington,
N f Z.. to British Columbia, but does
call at Suva, Fiji. The distance irom
Samoa to Fiji is only about 500
miles.
Giving the interisland steamer two
days to make the run of 500 miles
from Apia to Suva and the mail
boat 14 days to make the run from
Fiji to British Columbia, that would
make the news from Samoa bear date
of April 1, or, giving &n extra 24
hours for the doubt, say March 31.
Thus the Upolo, leaving Apia on
the afternoon of April 1, should reach \
Suva on the morning of the yd, and
the Aorangi (a 13-knot ship), pick- \
ing up the news on the afternoon of
April 6, on her arrival there, should
reach Victoria on the 20th.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
steamer Alameda. which carried to
Auckland the cablegram in which
The Call beat the newspaper world,
giving the story of the ambush of
Lieutenant Lansdale and party, left
Apia on April 6. the same day on
which the Aorangi left Suva. The
Alameda also carried to Auckland
Rear Admiral Kautz's official account
of the ambuscade. It is more than
incredible, it is impossible, that both
The Call's correspondent and the ad
miral would have failed to mention
so important a matter as the arrest
of the captain of the Falke.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 20.— A
quoer yarn comes from Apia, via
Suva, by the steamer Aorangi.
The story was brought to the
Fijian capital on April 3 by the
interlsland steamer, Upolu, whirh runs
between the Samnan and Fiji groups.
It was said that the commander of the
1 terraan man-of-war Falke is now In
a position where he will make no more
trouble at Apia— at least for some time
to come 11* has, the tale goes, been
made a prisoner by the British, and
despite the protest of his compatriots,
both on the Falke and ashore, is held
captive on the British warship Por
polae.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1599.
HI RAPELJI
SLAYER OF
LEONG TUNG
A Sensational Development
in the Highbinders' War
at Fresno.
SjwiaJ r>is>peteh to The Call.
FRESNO, April 20.— Hi Rapelji, the
deputy sheriff who acquired fame
throughout the State a few years ago
1 by his rapture of Sontap and Evans,
! created a sensation to-night by con
fessing to District Attorney Everts
that he had shirt and killed Leone; Tung,
one of the victims of the highbinder
riot in Chinatown last night.
Rapelji is now employed as a watch
! man in the Chinese quarter and was
' the first white man to reach the scene
of the excitement after the shooting
commenced. During the melee he
caught a Chinaman named Wong Duck
and turned him over to Deputy Sheriff
Walden. At the time he claimed that
: he had seen Wong Duck sh<x>t and kill
j Leong Tung.
At the inquest held over the remains
of the dead Chinaman to-da^- Rapelji
denied that he had seen Duck kill Tung.
but claimed that he simply caught him
running in the alley during the shoot
ing. Rapelji's testimony was regarded
as rather peculiar and was a surprise
to every one.
To-night District Attorney Everts vis
ited Chinatown in company with At-
W. I). Crichton and together
tht-y proceeded to cross-examine the
watchman. The latter told a number
onflictlng Btortes, but was finally
red by the attorneys and admit
ted that he himself had fired the bul
let which killed Leong Tung.
When he entered the alley after the
commencement of the shooting Hapelji
saw a Chinaman lying prostrate on the
ground and being held down by another
Mongolian. A third man stood a few
iway and was discharging his pis
tol at the body on the ground. The
man who was holding the victim down
was Wong Duck, the victim was heong
rho is now In the Morgue, and the
Bhooter was Leong Tung. RapHjl
rushed up and struck Tung, who
turned to run into an adjacent door
ordered to halt and upon
his' refusal to do so Rapelji tired, kill
ing him instantly.
The watchman then turned around
and Baw Wong Duck In the act of run
. from the body of the dead
Chinaman. He caught thp Celestial by
the queue and held him until the ar
rival .'f the peputy Sheriff. After the
shooting Rapelji declared that the man
who had been lying on the groufid
jumped up and bolted. His dead body
on a slab at th" Morgue Is a mute con
tradiction of this story.
Commander F. C. D. Sturdee oF the British Cruiser,
Who Probably Does Not Hold the Commander
of the Falke Prisoner.
The story, as told to the Suva and
Honolulu papers by the late arrivals
from Apia, is that the captain of the
Falke Is charged with having supplied
the rebels under Mataafa with arms
and ammunition, having, the Upolu's
passengers say In interviews given to
the Fiji Times, been caught while en
PRESIDENT
IN FEAR OF
TOM REED
Believes the Maine Man Is
Looking Toward the
White House.
Spprlal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 20.— Thomas B. ]
Reed's change of residence from Maine j
to this city has created uneasiness I
among the friends of President McKin
ley. They suspect that instead of ]
abandoning his Presidential ambition ;
Reed has merely shifted his ground to i
be in a better position to attack the j
convention next year.
Governor Roosevelt's admirers alFo j
are not overjoyed at having a Repub- j
Mean of Reed's importance invade the j
State. They fear he may stand in the
way i if their favorite when the time 1
t for New York to select candi- j
dates.
Senator Platt's friendship for the '
former Speaker is looked upon aS an!
element of danger in the situation.
While ostensibly supporting Governor
Morton for the nomination in 1596, it i
was no secret that he was really for
Reed. Though he has made his peace j
with President McKinley and is now
on an intimate footing in the White i
House, the President's friends have not
forgotten the bitter assaults which he,
made upon President McKinley before
the St. Louis convention.
They are disinclined to credit the :
financial reason given by Reed's friends
for his removal to this city. They say
he was receiving a comfortable in- I
come, and that he would not have
withdrawn from his position of power |
and infitience in Washington merely for
the sake .>f increasing it. They sus- !
pect that a secret understanding ex- j
ists between him and Senator Platt j
whereby the fight which was lost in ;
1596 will be renewed next year.
With the seventy-two delegates of
New Fork at his bai k Reed would be
a much more formidable candidate for
the. Presidency than, he was as the can
didate of the twelve delegates from
Maine. Moreover, his strength in New
England would probably be at his dis
posal even sh^uM he becotne the can
didate of New Fork.
Should there be a change of senti
ment in regard to the results of the
war with Spain it is even feared by
President McKinl?y's 'friends that
Reed's anti-expansion views and his !
freedom from responsibility for the new
policy would make him strong in the
convention.
gaged, like a common filibuster, in
landing rifles and cartridges.
The Upolu'B passengers say the Palke
was, when they left, moored between j
the American cruiser Philadelphia and i
the British ship Porpoise, and was
likely to remain there, for it is said
orders were sent aboard her that if she.i
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR IN
A BEAUTIFUL PARADE
MASONIC TEMPLE AT SACRAMENTO.
SACRAMENTO, April 20.— The en
campment of the Grand Com
mandery and department <■■ n
clave of the Knights Templar of
California opened in this city this
morni;:g with a short session devoted
to the presentation of reports, followed
by the annual parade and review. The
city never looked more attractive than
it did to-day, garbed in the Templar
colors >'f white and black, relieved by
the Stars and Stripes. On all sides the
decorations were in evidence, and in
many instances they represented th>
expenditure <>f much labor and money,
the business men of the city appearing
to disregard all other considerations in
the < ndeavor to make the visitors feel
that they were heartily welcome.
The main feature of the 'lay was the
parade this afternoon of the command
eries. For such an occasion the weather
was simply perfection, the sky being
free from a single cloud and a soft
breeze cqoling the air. Thousands of
women, dressed in summer attire, im
parted to the crowded sidewalks along
the linp of march the charm of fresh
ness and color, and it is doubtful if
the Knights ever marched through a
city which beamed such a cheery hos
pitality or invited more irresistibly to
enthusiasm.
The spirit of the day caught the musi
cians, the plumed Knights and the
populace -ill at once, and- there is no
body among the hundreds of visitors
wlif is not glad of the chance of having
seen Sacramento under such favorable
conditions.
The procession was headed by Thief
Dwyer and a platoon of police in uni
form. Then followed, in order, the
right eminerit grand commander; grand
commander's staff; grand captain gen
eral and his chief of staff; bugler and
orderly; Second Infantry band. Then
followed the first battalion, Sir T. B.
Reed battalion commander, compris
ing Sacramento Commandery No. 2.
four companies. The second battalion,
in command of Sir Thomas B. Hall, was
made up of Pacific Commandcry No. 3,
El Dorado Commandery No. 4, Oroville
Commandery No. 5, Nevada Command-
made any attempt to move she would
be blown out of the water.
Ihe Falke's commander, according to
opra trader of Levuka, who reached
a mi his way home from Apia by
Upolu, had gone into a .small
•.,! cove about two miles below
ia in one of the Falke's launches,
I had, by preconcerted arrangement.
t a number of Mataaflans, to whom
was doling out stacks of rilles and
:es of cartridges when a squad of
tish bluejackets suddenly sprang out
from the plantation near by and sur
prised them. There was no fighting.
The natives fied and the Germans sur
rendered without resistance. They were
placed in the launch, with the rifles
they had intended to land, and hur
riedly conveyed to the British warship
Porpoise, which lay out In the stream
Borne few miles from Apia proper.
The German commandant vigorously
Kested against his arrest, but when
Upolu left he was still held on the
noise. His seamen were allowed to
m to their ship, but the launch and
arms and ammunition were con-
Realizing the gravity of the situa
tion Captain Sturdee hastily sum
moned Admiral Kautz from the Amer
ican ship Philadelphia. The American
admiral at once went abroad the Por
poise, and the situation was discussed
between the two officers at great
length. The result of the conference
was a decision on the part of the two
cry No. fi, Marysville Commandery No.
V, four companies.
The third battalion was In charge of
Sir J. W. Guthrie and was formed of
Stockton Commandery No. 8, Los An
geles Commandery No. ?, Chicq Com
mandery No. H. T.assen Commandery
No. 13, Red Bluff Commnndery No. 17,
Woodland Commandery No. 21. Colusa
Commandery No. :M. Visalia Command
ery No. 'y>. Fresno Commandery No. 23.
Mount Shasta Commandery No. 32, four '
companies.
The parade proceeded through the
principal streets, over more than two
miles of smooth bitumen pavement, and
was watched by thousands. Along
Capitol Park the review by the grand
commander took place and the sight
was an impressive one when the
Knights marched along in the shadow
of the palms that sentinel the outer
edge of Capitol Park. Even upon the j
balconies of the Capitol itself people
had stationed themselves to catch an
advantageous view of the procession.
The forty-first annual session of the
Grand Commandery of the Knights
Templar of Calrfornia opened this
morning in the Masonic Temple, which
had been rendered a thing of beauty
by the handiwork of the decorator and
florist: The commandery was called to
order by the grand command* r, Robert
Morns Powers Of San Diego, who pro
-1 to read his annual address. Re
ferring to the recent war with Spain,
following the blowing up of the Maine,
the gvi-nd commander said:
These events are mutters of recent his
tory and familiar to you all, and I men
tion them only to show that In this rec
ord-making epoch our fraters, whether or
land or sea. nobly performed their part,
adding greater luster and greater mean
ing to the term "American."
W« had gallant Sir Knight Mac Arthur
at Manila, Sir Knights Gobin and Moul
tnn in Cuba, and at the front on the fight
ing line at San Juan Hill and El Caney
could be found the modern Coeur de
Lion, (far honored frater, "Fighting Joe"
Wheeler.
But as Knights Templar and as citizens
of this greal republic we recognize one
grand, central figure, who hart previously
proven himself a patriotic soldier and
officers that, there being ample evi
dence of the guilt "f the Germans,
they must stand by the action of Cap
tain Sturdee.
Both ships got under way. and af
ter they had taken up positions on
either side of the German ship, orders
were sent on board the Falke to re
main at her moorings under peril of
immediate annihilation by the war
ships on either side. The senior of
ficer of the Falke was informed at
the same time by the joint command
ers of the British and American ships
that they were prepared to back up
their action.
The German officer sent letters pro
tecting against the action of Captain
Sturdee and Admiral Kautz, but made
no move.
With the issuance of the orders to
"lie still" to the Falke, communication
with the German ship was to all in
tents and purposes cut off, and no one
w;ts allowed to leave or go aboard ihe
Falke without permission written and
signed of either Admiral Kautz or Cap
tain Sturdoe.
The position is, the Upolu's passen
gers said In their reports to the Suva
papers, greatly strained. The Ameri
cans and British have come to a tacit
agreement that the flagrant acts of ih?
Germans in encouraging and aiding the
rebel chief Mataafa had gone far
enough, and when news was brought
to them that the Falke's commander
intended to put more arms ashore, the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Stainless statesman, and who. whether in
the field "r In the forum, on the bench or
• bar, has always manifested that
unselfish devotion t" duty which touches
tii' hear) and rouses the enthusiasm of
the American people.
He stands before us in-day n magnifi
cent personality, high up on the great
tal of popular approval, a typical
: ican of heroic mind, our h
mcd frater, Sir Knight William Mc-
Klhley, President >>f the Tnited States.
The address of the grand commander
was followed by an addref.d of w-lcome
to gocramento by I-:, w. Hale, nminent
commander of Sacramento Command
ery.
To-night the Grand Commandery
held its annual banquet at Turner Hnll.
Edmund C. Atkinson of Sacramento
Commandery acting as tnastmaster. A
number of addresses were made relat
ing to the work of the order and ex
pressive of the amenities of the oc
casion. Among tho persons chosen by
Mr. Atkinson to deliver the toasts weru
Reuben H. Lloyd. Dr. Robert M. Pow
ers, John F. Merrill. E. M. Preston,
James A. Foshay and J. C. Campbell.
Masonic Hall is again illuminated to
night with its 2000 colored electric light 3
and t lie city looks as if it were in the
height of a spring festival.
The following is a list of the officers
of the Golden Gate Commandery and
the members of the drill corps who are
participating in the events here:
C. L. Patton, commander; J. C.
Campbell, generalissimo; Robert Mc-
Millan, captain general; H. D. Love
land, senior warden; R. B. Moore.
junior warden.
Drill corps — William Edwards, com
mandant; R. B. Moore, senior warden;
Robert McMillan, junior warden; C. S.
Benedict, paymaster; G. R. Armstrong,
commissary; J. G. Spauldim?, adjutant;
Sirs R. Ash, R. B. Hal.', A. S. T. de
Guerre. J. M. Wilkins. W. S. Miller, C.
Toohey, L. E. Spear, R. N. Carson. E.
H ('utter, G. M. Franks, W. C. Wise.
J. R. Aitkin. William P.. Phillips. A. F.
Waterson, S. J. Hendy, L. C. Hunter,
T. V. Harris. <;. i.. Darling. W. S.
Gage. IT. T. Emory, H. P. Tmbsen. C.
H. Murphy. 11. D. Loveland, H. M. Fir
man. T. Frolich. C. V. Manner. Dr. A.
\V. McKenzie, Dr. T. J. Frazer. M. Par
rish, W. H. Smith, C. L. Haskell.
Britishers planned the ambuscade,
with the abnve-tnld result.
WASHINGTON OFFICIALS
DISCREDIT THE STORY
WASHINGTON*. April 20.— The state
ment that the commander of the Ger
man cruiser Falke had been arrested
at Apia by the British naval com
mander was at once scouted by the of
ficials to whom it was referred here.
Both Secretary Alger and Secretary
Long expressed their disbelief in the
I accuracy of the report. Attention was
directed to the fact that the Navy De
partment heard from Admiral Kautz
! by cable from Auckland at a later date
I than that upon which the steamer just
\ arrived at Victoria must have sailed
\ from Suva. Admiral Kautz' dis-
I patches were dated April 4 and were
forwarded from the nearest cable sta
tion, Auckland, April 12.
It is pointed out in official German
quarters that the arrest of the com
! mander of one warship by the com
mander of another is an absurdity, and
moreover, cable advices have reached
the Embassy much later than those
which a steamer had brought to Vic
toria. No such action was disclosed.
The British Embassy also is without
any Information of auch an occurrence2
It is suggested as an explanation of
the story that the steamer's crew had
heard of the arrest .a" the German
manager of the plantation where the
American and British .sailors were
ambushed and were taken aboard the
British warship and had jumped to the
usion that the person arrested was
the German commander.
SEATTLE. April 20.- -The Post Intel
•■ •!• correspondent at Victoria, B.
C., v. ■ Hows: "Story of the ar
rest nf thr> commander of the German
man-of-war Falke at Samoa is a rank
fake. It was cooked up aboard th«
■r Aorangi."
COMMISSION MAY FIRST
HAVE TO PACIFY SAMOA
NEW Y< IRK, April 20.— A Washing
ton special to the 1 ays: Sec
retary Hay has sent a im to
Consul General Oshorne at Apia advis
ing him of the departure of the Samoan
...I directing him to use
every effort to restore peace before I a
arrival. Instructions have also been
Bent to Admiral X void col
lisions with natives, and confine his ef
forts to the protection of life and prop
erty. It is understood that similar in
structions have been sent tv the British
• [vi s at Apia.
The St . tment understands
that the British Consul has been au
thorized to j'>in with th>' other C< I
in a proclamation to the natives to ab
stain from hostilitii ng the ar
rival of the commission, and the i
man Consul, it has rted from
 has b< ■ -truc
tions. I was inforn au
thority to-day that Secretary Hay has
: instructions to the
rican Consul. The Impression
seen that Herr Rose will not
unite with the other Consuls in issuing
any p tnal ionj but should the I
ish and <'■ :
tives. agree on Buch a document the
American Consul will doubtless sign it.
I upon ar
rival that the natives are still engaging
in hostilitl Iral Kautz and
the command!] I ers of the British
and German warships will confer with
them an: ■ Pith a
view t<> pacifying the islands. Should
the force of the three powers bt_- in
sufficient to subdui ; and his
party ents » 111 be sent.
POWERS CANNOT CHECK
THE TRIBAL WARFARE
Fighting Between the Forces of Ma-
lietoa Tanu and Mataafa
Continues.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 20.— Samoan
advices t'> April 3. via Suva, n^r
Aorangi, are to the effect that fighting
between the men of the newly crowned
King Malietoa Tanu and Mats
men continues, and Bcarcely any busi
- lone. It Is said thaf the
Mataafa faction has been weakening
considerably of late, and a large num
ber of former adherents .•.;< ready to
take sides with Malietoa. Some of the
Mataafa chiefs, in order t" intimidate
those who were turning, mad.- threats
to them that their villages would be
burned and their chiefs kill< d. They
replied that they would d>> lik
with the Mate The Mataafa
party then resorted to intimidation
with thp Malietoa prisoners at Macana
and Aana. Finding that the :
with whom these pris< i bil
leted were among those to change their
political views, and that the pria
making too many friends, they
sent nit-n down to remove the chi<
Mali< toa people in th">" 61 i
The prisoners were brought from the
island to the mainland, and while on
way the Mataafa iii--!i an
themselves by firing volleys over the
heads of th-' Malietoa chiefs, who
forced to pull the l">ats. In spite of
all the threats, the Malietoa men re
main firm and still trust that th<
dsion of the Chief Justice will be UD
held and their King will get his throne.
The continued inaction of the pow
ers is having an influence on the na
tives. The followers of Malietoa are
living in fear of their lives and prop
erty. The prisoners on Tutuila have
petitioned to be taken back to Apia, be
cause when the recently crowned
Malietoa Tanu is secure on his throne
they fear the rebel force will send a
strong party down to the islands where
they are in captivity and kill them.
The Malietoa men are also being
hunted for taxes, at the Instigation of
the President and the provisional srov-
The provisional government
had the coolness to attempt to levy toll
on the servants of the British Consul
ate. The blue jackets' guard got wind
of it, but before they could capture the
ifa Embassy it had taken to iis
heels in the brush. Mai - • Uow
l< spite the fact that a number of
the weaker ones are deserting their
cause, are daily getting mure and more
daring and arrogant, and more mau
. • <i.
The provisional government, too, con- :
tinues to force itself on the natives. It
has sent ii"v. four chiefs to Tutuila I
to collect taxes, but the British and
American Consuls have written •advis
ing the people not to pay any taxes to
the government. When the Upolu left
Apia for Suva there was considerable
sickness among the British and Ameri
can seamen. A number were suffering
from dysentery and tropical fevers,
brought on by the excessive heat and
malaria-producing weather.
Three days prior to the sailing of the
Upolu one of the gunners of the British j
ship Porpoise succumbed to dysentery
despite the unremitting attention of the
ship's doctor. His remains were taken
ashore and buried in the foreign ceme
tery Just outside Apia with all military
honors. A landing party from the Phil
adelphia accompanied the British
funeral party, and the firing squad was
composed half of Americans and half
of Britishers. This goes to show the
friendly relations between these pow
ers. This is the second death on the
Porpoise since she arrived at Apia.
Both officers and men have suffered
greatly from fever as well as dysentery,
and a great number are down with
abscesses under the arm pits and on
the feet and legs.
The Porpoise has the greatest num
ber of sick. There are comparatively
few sick on the Philadelphia. Lieuten
ant Bhuter of the Porpoise was in the
hospital when the Updid left, and Lieu
tenant Gaunt was also down with fever.
He was the officer in charge of the
landing party which defended the con
sulates at the first attack.
The Porpoise's men are quite run
down with their long spell in the trop
ics. They were engaged in cruising the
South Seas for some considerable time
before they were ordered to Apia.
"When- the Upolu left Apia there was a
terrible panic among the followers of
the new King. It was reported to
Mataafa, and the German Consul has
the credit of propagating the news, that
the British were going to storm Mull
nuu and call together all the Malletoa
people, arm them, and place Malietoa
and Tamasese on the seat of govern
ment. Immediately there was an ex
odus of chiefs from Mulinuu, with Ma
taafa, who retired several miles up the
coast to Vaiusu, and all day goods
were being carried away from the
point.
The Malietoa people, scattered all
over the country among their conquer
ors, are greatly trembled on account of
threats, made by the Mataafa people
that as booh as the British should start
fighting against the Mataafans there
MURDERER MOORE'S
DOG IS DISCOVERED
Sheriff Getchell Will Try to Catch
the flr>imal in Order to Trace
the fugitive.
NEVADA CITY, April 20.— Murderer Moore's halfbreed shepherd dog,
who disappeared with its master three -weeks ago, after the latter had
killed Policerr.Jin Kilroy. was seen at Spanish Joe's, cabin, p.n eighth of
n mile from where Moore used to live, at 2 o'clock this morning. He
was in a half-famished condition and but a shadow of bis former self.
Joe heard him gnawing at some bones at his back door and going
out attempted to rateh him. but he fled like a hare. It is thought he
will come back to-night and a trap has been set to capture him alive.
If this can be done Sheriff Oetchell will put a leash on him in the morn
ing in the hope that he will lead a posse to Moore's hiding place, if
that worthy is still in this locality.
The ofTirers have three theories. One is that Moore is stiU secreted
In the jungle around Banner Mountain, and having exhausted his food
supply has been forsaken by the dog. The second is that he has b*en
lying |>w untlfwithin a day or two and then, driving away the dog,
which he is thought to have cherished too highly to kill, fled. The third
theory is that Moore has either died from starvation and exposure or
committed suicide, and that the dog, finding himself without a master,
. red back to h ; s old haunts.
would be a. wholesale slaughter of the
unarmed Malletoa men ami women.
When the Upolu left, her passengers
say, messengers arrived at Apia with
news that a command had been issued
by Mataafa that all people were to as
semble toward Apia to resist the land
ing- •;' the British and to make an at
tack on the British residents. This
command only the Atuans obeyed.
They have taken up a position in the
woods to the eastward of Apia, but did
not seem anxious to begin the prom
ised attack. Only a few of the Savaii
adherents have arrived and it is re
ported from that- place that they are
lukewarm. Nevertheless those of the
Mataafa people who are in the vicinity
of Apia talk big and make rash threats,
especially against- the women of the'
deported chiefs. They also threaten to
burn Mulinuu should Great Britain do
anything against them.
One foreigner who has been making
himself prominent .with Mataafa wrote
to the United States Consul, as one
having the confidence of Mataafa,
that if the British Consul did not exalt
Mataafa his people would become ex
asperated and in less than several days
there would be a massacre of British
and British sympathizers. The • con
tents of the letter were submitted to
Consul Maxse.
Residents of Apia who are thoroughly
conversant with the situation say that
unless the warships are kept at Apia
the newly crowned Malietoa Tanu—
barefooted boy, with a lava lava and a
white jacket, thus they describe him —
will be unable to establish himself. Un
less he were strongly supported by the
powers there would be a rebellion inside
of three months. As matters stand, ac
cording to the residents of Apia, it is
a mistake to establish a King In Samoa
at all. The only safe method is for the
native government to permit the hered
itary chief of each district to govern his
own people.
The situation was undoubtedly de
plorable at last accounts by the Upolu
and Aorangi. The homes of the un
happy loyalists have been razed; they
are now banished from their kindred
and their household goods have been
looted by the rebel warriors under Ma
taafa, and the great powers now rep
resented there seem impotent to stop
the. tribal warfare..
MEETING OF THE STATE
BOARD OF HORTICULTURE
Officers Elected. Fruit Growers' Con-
vention Called and Arrange
ments Made to Send an
Expert Abroad.
SACRAMENTO, April 20.— At a mating
of the State Board of Horticulture, which
was held in the mnms of the board in th<*
Capitol, the following officers were
elected: President, Ellwood fooper,
Santa Barbara; vice president, Frank H.
Buck. Varaville: treasurer, William B.
r. Newcastle; auditor, Rusk D.
Stephens, Sacramento; secretary, B. M.
Lelong; quarantine offirpr, Alexander
Craw, clerk. Ella F. Hallahan.
It was decided to Issue an annual ro
port next fall, to which will be added th«»
results of important discoveries made i
during the year, and In the interim to pub- j
lish several bulletins, the publication of j
which has been delayed owing to the in
ability of the State Printing Office to do
si "rk,
A State Fruit Growers' Convention was
ordered called to meet at San Jose De
cember 5, 6, 7 and 8, 1899.
Th" question of sending an expert to
foreign countries to collect parasitical
and predaeeous insects to prey upon the
pests abounding in thf orchards of this
j State was fully considered, and it was
! decided to offer the appointment to Al
bert ECoebele, who fa now traveling
■ through foreign countries In the Interest
.of the Hawaiian Government, Tt is con
templated that the secretary shall visit
Honolulu for the purpose of making ar
rangements with the Hawaiian Govern
and the Planters' Association,
through which a joint Investigation may
be made which would be more beneficial
t<> the State and at the same time inex
pensive.
TALENTED NURSE
ENTERS THE PESTHOUSE
LOS ANGELES, April 2n.— A pesthouse
at any time is not an attraction, and the
aggregation of buildings that servo thia
purpose for Los Angeles forms no excep
j tion. Still the unfortunate little colony
i of isolated and Infected patients that is
removed from the world has found a new
ministering angel in the person of Miss
A. Tisrlale, a young and talented trained
nurse, who last night, leaving the world
and all Its possibilities of health and hap
piness behind her, went out to the gloomy
little group of buildings in the northwest
hills to nurse the smallpox patients.
There has been great difficulty In secur
ing trained nurses for the work. Dr. Fow
fis. the Health Officer, for a long time
sought only BUch attendants as have had
Tii" disease. As the city pays $3 a day
j to nurses. Dr. Powers felt that he could
not solicit nurses who had not them
selves experienced the trial. Miss Tis
i as not had the disease, but she has
■tly been well vaccinated and goe3
among the infected patients without fear.
Bhe abandons engagements for the lead
ing physicians of the city to accept this
d ity. Under present arrangements a
suspected person must be taken to the
Pothouse when he may not be infected
• with smallpox, and as the pesthouse lacks
many of the modern tittings and appli
ances, the situSllon is one of getting
along the best the doctors can.
! 1 «~ —
POPE LEO IS NOW
LOSING CONFIDENCE
CHICAGO. April 20.— The Record's spe- |
cial copyrighted cable from Rome says: j
I am informed on high Vatican authority j
that the Pope himself is losing confidence !
that he can long survive. The con- I
sistory for the creation of the new Car- ''
dinals i 9 to be held in May, in announc-- '
■ ir.K which fact his Holiness remarked:
; "My pontificate is drawing to an end."
Wireless Telegraphy.
LONDON, April 20.— The Pall Mall Ga- j
zette publishes Interviews with persons
interested In Marconi's system of wireless
telegraphy, in which they express their
belief that communication with the T'nited '
States by means of the system Is practl
; cable. The question has not yet been
' taken up, however, as all the time has
devoted to experiments. There is no i
intention of competing with land lines.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1899.
MANY BELIEVED
HIM INNOCENT
Witnesses Testified in
Dreyfus' Favor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, April 20.— The Figaro, con
tinuing to-day its publication of tes
timony offered before the Court of
Cassation in the Dreyfus revision in
quiry, devoted twenty-four columns to
some twenty depositions of minor of
ficials, most of which were favorable
to Dreyfus. It gives also a fac-simile
of the bordereau.
Major Forslnetti, who was director of
the Cherche-Midi Prison in 1800. at the
time of the condemnation of Dreyfus,
testified that Dreyfus consistently and
persistently protested his innocence
and after he was condemned repeated
ly asked for a revolver, declaring that
his only crime was in having been born
a Jew.
The witness said that aft^r the peti
tion for a revision of the trial by court
martial was rejected Colonel Paty
dv Clam visited Dreyfus and tried his
Utmost to draw from him a confession
that he had been entrapped into a
guilty communication of documents to
a foreign power. Dreyfus energetically
protested that he was not guilty, and
Colonel Paty dv Clam said, in part
ing from him: "If you are really In
nocent, y>'ii aif the greatest martyr of
the century."
Major Forslnetti told the court that
I he quest ■ n d Captain Lebrun Renaud
regarding the alleged confessions of
Dreyfus, bui Captain Lebrun Renaud
promptly denied that Dreyfus had con- •■
■1 anything. Major Forslnetti
added that, although 1"- and Major
Atteles v. i re on terms <>f great friend
ship, the latter had never mentioned
any confession to him. ForsinettJ de-
I dared that he was convinced of the in
nocence of Dreyfus.
Many others testified f'>r and against
Dreyfus. There were numerous wit
i nesses who deposed that they had come
intu contact with Captain I>-hrun Re
naud, and that he never mentioned any
confession of Dreyfus. Among these
was the Abbe Valadier, to whom Cap
| tain Lebrun Renaud described a srore
of times the degradation scene without
ever alluding to any confessions.
M. Bertillion, the handwriting expert,
pravf the reasons which led him to con
sider that the bordereau was forged by
tracing the words and pointed out de
tails in the writing that were common
to the bordereau and to the handwrit
ing of Madame Dreyfus and also to that
<>f the brother of the prisoner. Several
words that he showed were about iden
tical.
M. Bertillion explained the points
which led him to regard Dreyfus the
author of the bordereau. When Bertillion
was testifying before the court-martial
Dreyfus exclaimed: "Oh! Le monstre,
tv done lecriere." After this exclama
tion Dreyfus ceased to follow the tes
timony.
Mme. Teysonniere and Charvay, the
experts, testified to the similarity of the
writing of the bordereau and that
Of Commandant Esterhuzy, while M.
Pelletier, another expert, energetically
insisted that the handwriting was not
that of Dreyfus.
M. Gobert of the Bank of France tes
tified to a similar effect and expressed
his conviction that the handwriting
was that of JEsterhazy.
CHAPLAIN BROWN
WEDS MISS EATON
PAPADKXA, April 20.— Fighting Bob
Evans 1 chaplain, Frederick C. Brown of
the lowa, was married at 5 o'clock this
afternoon to Miss Kmily Eaton, daughter
of ex-President Amos H. Eaton of Eaton
Seminary. Rev. C. J. K. Jones of Los
Angeles, a personal friend of Chaplain
Brown, performed the ceremony at the
home of the bride's aunt. Miss Elizabeth
Sanborn, East Colorado street, in the
presence of a few friends who came from
Mlddleborough, Mas?., with the bride.
Immediately after the wedding Mr. and
Mrs. Brown left for San Francisco, to
remain till the lowa sails, when Mrs.
Brown goes to New York City.
— . ♦—
SOLD RUSSIA PLANS OF
GERMAN FORTIFICATIONS
BERLIN, April 20.-Sergeant Major Al
brecht of the One Hundred and Twenty
ninth Regiment has been arrested at
Bromberg, Prussia, and taken in chains
to Spandau, where the State prison is sit
uated.
The prisoner is charged with treason
In furnishing Russian agents with de
tailed plans of German fortifications and
plans for mobilizing the German army
Mexico Adopts the Treaty.
CITY OF MEXICO. April 20.— The Sen
ate to-day unanimously adopted the new
extradition treaty with the United States.
The case of Santiago Morphy, charged
with embezzling $70,000 from the National
Bank of Mexico, is likely to be in dome
sense sensational in Its developments as
It is expected he will disclose the names
of his accomplices. He is rigorously in
communicado in Belem Priaon
Was Not a Sea Serpent.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 20.— The
Aoranpl brings news from Sydney that
the story of the finding of a sea serpent
on the Island of Suwarrow has been ex
ploded by a Sydney scientist, who de
clarea that the bones found are those of a
zithoid, a rare species of the whale
family.
Drowned in the Surf.
SANTA CRT'Z, April 20— A young man
named Tucker was drowned In the surf
near Leonards yesterday. Tucker was a
member of the Salvation Army, and for a
tlmp was employed at the Fort Romle
colony. Later he conducted a restaurant.
TOD SLOAN IS
FIRST AS USUAL
Wins a Rich Stake at
Sandown Park.
SIX HORSES IN THE RACE
i
GUIDES THE VIZENZA FILLY TO j
VICTORY.
In the Struggle for the Tudores Plate |
the American Jockey's Mount,
However, Fails to Get
a Place.
Special Disrateh to The Call.
LONDON, April 20.— Tod Sloan fin
ished first on the Vizenza filly, the prop,
erty of H. J. King, in the Walton two
year-old race at Sandown Park to-day.
Six horses ran and the betting was ll
to S against Sloan's mount.
The Tudores plate was won by the
Revelry colt belonging to W. R. Mar
shall. Sloan rode Lord William Berefci
ford's bay gelding Jolly Tar, which was
unplaced. A. W. Merry's Sir Hercules
was second and Lord Ellesmere's Proc
lamation finished third. This event is
of MOO sovereigns for three-year-olds.
Twelve horses ran over the course, dis
tance one mile. The betting was 15 to
S against Sloan's mount.
Winners on Eastern Tracks.
NEW YORK, April 20. — Results* at
A'l'ifduct:
About seven furlongs. Gold Car won.
Box second, Roysterer third. Time,
1:23 2-5.
Four and a half furlongs, Montanic
won, Peaceful second, Specific third.
Time, :. r >s 1-5.
Mile and seventy yards, selling, Maximo
Gome* won, Glenoine second, Rotterdam
third. Time, 1:47 2-5.
Rose stakes, four and a half furlongs,
Motley won. The Amazon second. Tam
pion third. Time, :S6 1-5.
Six furlongs, selling, Zanone won, Rey
Salazar second, Harry Reed third. Time,
1:15.
Five furlongs, Polling. Bis: Indian wnr.
Sir Christopher second, I'am Var third.
Time, I:".".
CINCINNATI. April 20. —.There was
some vi ry fast racing at Newport to-day.
In the closing event Flop galloped home
in front of a good filed in 1:40^. Weather
fine; track fast. Results:
One mile, selling. Fintan won, Vnessa
second, Violet Parsons third. Time, 1:42.
Four furlongs, Nettie Regent won, Sa
<li>- Burnam second, Wedeman third.
Time, :49«>.
Handicap, one mile and seventy yards,
Mispah won. The Dragoon second, Fon
tainbleau third. Time. 1:45.
Seven furlongs. Terrene won, Rubel sec
ond, Monadour third. Time. I:2Bs*.
Six furlongs, selling, J. B. Kllno won,
Juanette second, King Bermuda third.
Time, 1:14%.
One mile, Flop won. Joe o' Sot second,
Prince Zeno third. Time, 1:40%.
MEMPHIS, April 20.— Results at Mont
gomery r>;,rk:
One mile, Salvarea won, Hungarian
second, Finer third. Time. 1:44 V
Seven furlongs, selling, Mearfowthorpe
won. Primate second, Chantllly third.
Time, 1:89i4.
Four and a half furlongs. Bit of Fash
-1 inn won. Belle of Orleans second, Bunnl
v;in] third. Time. :87.
Fair furlongs, Lady Contrary won,
Southern Utr! second, Aberdate third.
Time,
1 »ne mile and h sixteenth, selling. Jack
anapes won, Linda second, Basquit third.
! Time. :
<>in' mile, selling. Blue Lick won. For
get Not second. Jimp third. Time, 1:44' 4 .
LEAGUE SEASON IS
OPENED IN NEW YORK
Giants Have the Baltimores as Oppo
nents and Win by a Score
of 5 to 4.
NATIONAL LBAGUB STANDING.
Club?— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Bt. Louis 3 0 1000 New York.... 2 3 .400
Philadelphia. 5 ] .5?.3 Brooklyn 2 3 .400
Chicago 5 1 .M3,rincinnati ..2 3 .400
Baltimore ... 3 2 .S'V^Pittsburg ... 1 3 .250
Boston 3 2 .900 Washington.. 1 6 .166
Louisville ... 2 2 .r.OO Cleveland ... 0 S .000
NEW YORK, April 20.— The league Beason
was opened at the Polo Grounds this afternoon,
the Giants having the BalUmoYes as opponents.
'.'•-■ w Yorks won through timely hitting in
the eighth Inning. The umpires find the Baitl
mores hard to suit. Robinson was fined and
removed from the game in the eighth inning.
Brodle was also fined. Attendance, 6500. Score:
Clubs— R. 11. E.
New York 5 10 3
Baltimore ♦ 7 2
BatterlM— Coldough and Grady: Kltson and
R. blnson and Ryan. Umpires— Oaffney and
Andrews.
WASHINGTON, April 20.— The Senators were
again outclassed to-day and met an overwhelm
ing defeat. Thrlr batting was miserably weak,
wlille the Bofltona hit Mercer hard. Mercer
Ftßrted in well, but his support was poor, nnd
toward the end of the game he was rotten.
Attendance. 800. Score:
Clubi R. H. E.
Washington 13 5
Boston 17 21 1
Batteries Mercer nnd McOulre; Willis and
Brrg'en. Umpires— Kmslie and Betts.
LOTJISVTLLB, April 20.— The Cleveland?) wt-re
no match fnr the Colonels to-day and were
easily defeated. sensational catch by Clarke
was the only feature. Attendance. 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 11 15 2 i
Cleveland 2 6 1
Batteries— powllng and Power: Hotter and
Clemer.ts. Umpires— Burns and Smith.
CINCINNATI, April 20.— The Reds put up a
miserable game to-day and were never in the |
hunt. Chicago's batting was terrific. Pwyer
was knocked out of the box and wns relieved
by IlahQ in the sixth inning. Attendance, 2500.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati > 2 7 fi
Chicapro 13 20 0
Batteries — Pwyer, Hnhn and Woods; Taylor
and Chance. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
ST. I/tTTS, April 20.— Rain stopped the Pitts
burg-St. i-iouls game In the last part of the
eighth Inning, when tha score stood 8 to 2 In
favor of the home team. Attendance, 2000.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 6 10 2
FlttFburtc 3 6 1
Batteries— Young and O'Connor; Tannehlll
and Schriver.
PHILADELPHIA, April 20.— Lauders' hit and
Jennings' wild throw were responsible for
Brooklyn's defeat by Philadelphia to-day. It
was a pitchers' battle, McJames and Platt be
ing almost invincible. In the Phillies' half of
the eighth inning they tied the score a second
time and scored the winning run in the ninth.
Attendance, 6800. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Philadelphia 4 <S 4
Brooklyn 3 6 4
Battf-rles— Piatt and McFarland: McJames
and Smith. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
EXPERT AMES SAYS
MURDOCK DIDN'T SIGN
WILLOWS. April 2.— When the Mur'dock
case was called this morning Daniel T.
Ames, the celebrated expert on handwrit
ing, took the witness stand and gave to
the jury his theory of why William Mur
dock did not sign the $100,000 note. This
tedious evidence consumed all the day
and the defendant's attorneys had just
finished with Ames when court adjourned
at 5 o'clock. Grove L. Johnson will cross
examine Ames in the morning, after
which Experts Hlckock and Eisenschimel
will have their Innings. The plaintiff will
not put on any expert testimony.
HAD A TERRIBLE
TIME IN THE ICE
Master of the Steamer Southern
Cross Refuses to Give News
of the Expedition.
• VICTORIA, B. C, April, 20.— Advices from Sydney per 'Aorangi say #
|2 that no news can be learned of the Antarctic expedition. The explor-
§ ing steamer Southern Cross returned to Port Chalmers Just before the g
85 Aorangi left, but her master refused to give any information to the g
H press, saying he was forbidden to do so. He ordered reporters out of the
0 ship. The vessel was absent eighty-seven days from H<>bart. She landed
8S ten explorers with Borchgrevinck at Victoria Land. Her master admits i*
|t having had a terrible time in the ice. ;♦
WILL IT RUSH
FOR THE OLD AX
Berkeley . and Stanford
: , Are Agreed.
Special : Dispatch ' to The Call.
PALO ALTO, April 20.— The proposal
of the Berkeley faculty to call the in
tercollegiate field day and debate off
for the year on account of the likeli
hood of an intercollegiate rush over the
stolen Stanford ax and the confidence
of the Stanford faculty that no such
action was necessary if the students of
the California University refrained
from raising the ; ire of the cardinal sup
porters by a display' of the purloined
trophy, resulted in sending Professor
Greene 'to' Berkeley this afternoon to
confer with the faculty of the Univer
sity of California. Satisfactory ar
rangements were made- and assurances
given by the Berkeley faculty that the
visitors from Stanford would be treated
with proper respect.
After Professor Greene's return from
Berkeley this evening a conference be
tween the members of the faculty, the
committee on athletics and students*
affairs was held, and a report made to
President Jordan. The latter then, to
gether with Professor Richardson, is
sued the following statement, which
was posted on the bulletin board:
The committee on athletics has every
assurance that our students are to be re
ceived at Berkeley as guests and to be
treated with every courtesy at the field
day next Saturday. Our students are
urged not to allow themselves to be
drawn Into any rush or ungentlemanly
conduct. Anything resembling a personal
encounter between the students of the
two universities must disgrace them both
and will lead to the suspension of all in
tercollegiate contests. Let no old ax cut
off our sense of dignity and self-respect.
DAVID S. JORDAN,
(President.
GEORGE M. RICHARDSON,
Chairman Athletic Committee.
The question of the final disposition
of the ax is yet to be solved. The
sentiment of the student body is
against accepting it from Berkeley.
The faculty committee, acting on this
feeling,- has declined -a proposition -of
the Berkeley faculty for its speedy re
turn. ] ,
PAILLERON, POET AND
DRAMATIST, IS DEAD
PARIS. April 20.— Pailleron, the poet
and dramatist, is dead.
Eduord Ju!< s Henri Pailleron was born
in Paris In 1524, and began life as a law
yer's clerk. He made his entry into the
world of letters in IS6O with a volume of
satires in verses, entitled "The Parasite,"
and by a piece in one act, in verse. "The
Parasite," played at the Odeon -Theater,
was a success. A year later he made a
derided hit at the Theater Francaise with
hi« two-act comedy in verse, "La Dernier
Quartier," a most ingenious and delicate
piece. This was followed at the Gymnose
by a brilliant little literary effort. "Le
Atonde Ou l'Ons' Amore." and later on
by the four-act comedy, "Faux Me
nages," in which the interest and emo
tions were of a far deept'r and more sen
suous character.
His "Helene," a drama in three acts, in
verso, was produced with success at the
Theatre Francaise In 1V72. His greatest
triumph, perhaps, was achieved with his
famous comedy in three acts, in prose, en
titled "Le Monde Ou l'Ons' Ennui,"
which was presented in ISBI and secured
his election as a member of the French
Academy in the place of Charles Blanc.
Other of his best known pieces are 'T.:i
N' " and "Le Narcotlque.
M. Fnillernn's works are distinguished
for their polished literary style, their wit
and humor, th.-ir keen satire and their
fertile imagination.
RUSSIA'S FINANCIAL
CONDITION IS CRITICAL
BERLIN, April 20.— The Cologne Ga
zette has received reports from Constan
tinople saying it is asserted in financial
circles that the regular payment of the
Russian War indemnity through the Otto
man Bank will be used as a guarantee for
an external Russian loan of about 300 000,
--000 francs. Russia's financial condition
is described as giving little cause for re
joicing, and, indeed, it is downright criti
cal. Russia hns been needing a large loan
for a long time, which can only be raised
abroad.
All efforts in this direction have been
unsuccessful, notably In Paris, where they
have repeatedly met with a point blank
refusal. The co-operation or the Ottoman
Bank is being courted in order to facili
tate success on the Paris Bourse. Should
the attempt to raise a loan in Paris again
fail the London market will be tried.
WITH MASONIC HONORS.
WASHINGTON, April 20.— The. body of
ex-Representative Samuel Hilborn of
California will be placed In a vault here
to-morrow, after funeral services in the
Congregational church and Masonic hon
ors at the cemetery. Members of Hope
Lodge will be the active pallbearers. The
honorary pallbearers will be Secretary
Long ex-Governor Perham of Maine,
Rear Admiral Hlchborn. Associate Justice
McKenna, Judge Weldon of the Court of
Claims and S. H: Kaufman of this city.
— ♦— —
PLAGUE CASES IN PARIS.
PARIS, April 21.— The Froude gives a
rumor that three cases of the plague have
occurred among the employes in one of
the big shops of the city, to which the
dlseasev was brought in carpets of East
ern manufacture. The paper demands
that a severe investigation into the mat
ter be made;
Serum Cures Yellow Fever.
Specinl Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISO 9, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS ATRES, April 20.— A Monte
video dispatch states that Sanarelli's yel
low fever serum Is giving good results
there, and several persons have been com
pletely cured by its application.
Archbishop Keane to Beturn.
NEW YORK, April 20.-A Sun cable
from Rome says: Archbishop Keane has
asked for two years' leave of absenoe to
return to the United States, and the Pope
has granted his request. The question of
Americanism being solved. Archbishop
Keane's presence at the Vatican is no
longer necessary. It is stated that Mon
signor O'Connell, rector of the American
( ollepe In Rome, will also return to the
United States.
CHOSEN BISHOP
OF PORTO RICO
Rev. James H. Blenk
S. M., Promoted.
Special Dispatch to Ti,- I nil.
NEW ORLEANS, April 20, Arcll
bishop Chapelle was to-day officially
informed by his Eminence Cardinal
Rampolla, Secretary ol State to L#o
XIII, that the Holy Father hud ara
ciously granted the Archbishop'l "
quest concerning the episcopal see of
Porto Rico, by appointing th>- Rev.
James XL Blenk, S. M., of Now Orleans,
to fill it.
Father Blenk was chosen by the
Archbishop as auditor of the delegation
to Cuba and Porto Rico and he was
recommended by tho Archbishop for
the latter island because he deemed
him the most suitable clergyman ho
knew of to occupy that ancient see in
the present circumstances.
During his stay last winter in the
island of Porto Rico Father Blenk
pave such proofs of wisdom. Catholic
self-restr.niiit and patriotism that the
Archbishop thought he was rendering
a most signal service to the church and
to the United States by recommending
him as the next Bishop of Porto Rico,
under the new order of things. Fath
er Blenk was for years president of
Jefferson College, Louisiana, and since.
1896 lias been pastor of St. Mary's
Church, fifth district of New Orleans.
He is a member of a teaching and mis
sionary order in the church known as
the Society of Mary.
GREAT UNREST AT THE
WHITTIER SCHOOL
LOS ANGELES, April 20.— The state- '
m*nt wns made to-day by those who arc
cognizant of the facts that affairs at the
Whlttler Reform School are In a state j
of chaos. Prospective changes in the t
management of the institution have ere- |
ated unrest among the pupils and officers, j
which nniy be removed by immedi- j
ately filling the existing vacancies among
the trustees. While General C. C. Allen :
has been discussed as a candidate for
trustee to succeed Mrs. Adina Mitchell. \
president of the hoard, it Is learned to-day
that Allen may become treasurer of the
school. Former Senator R. F. del Valle j
is now treasurer, and his friends hoped j
owing to a long acquaintance with Gover
nor Gage that he wmild be retained. It ,
is understood here that there is to ho a j
complete sweep in the management of the I
school. For this reason, it is stated. John
Kenneally will not he a member of the
new board.
The resignation of John Rowland has
pone direct to Governor Gage at Sacra
mento. Rowland's nephew. William Car- j
lisle, is slated to be deputy superintend- ;
• in <>f the Bchool, no matter who may be
chosen to succeed Superintendent Van
Alßtyn.
The statement that Walter F. Parker
is slated as the successor of Thomas
Lewis as expert to the State Board of
Examiners is denied by his closest
friends. Parker is in the desert country
examining mines, and will, it is said, re- I
port to the powers in Sacramento before '
he returns. It can he stated that Gover- i
nor Gage has been appealed to t' 1 deny >ir
confirm the report that John W. Mitchell
may succeed Robert N. Bulla on the Code
Commmlssion. Gage brands the story as
devoid of accuracy and without founda- |
tion. Republicans here assert that they
are willing to submit to some things that i
are within the province of a Governor. >
hut that the appointment of Mitchell j
would cause the members of the bar to
rill a meeting of their association and j
enter vigorous protests.
The statement is made here by the sad
die politicians that W. F. Fitzgerald is
not a possibility for adjutant general for
tho reason that when he was attorney
general he Insisted that M. M. Kstee had !
not been elected Governor. Dan Burns
was never knnwn to forgive a political
misstep, and this insistence In Fitzgerald
was unpardonable, and if the colonel can
prevent the appointment, as he probably
can, Fitzgerald will not, for three years
p.t least, grace the place that was so am
ply filled by General A. W. Barrett.
HENRY E. HUNTINGTON'S
OPERATIONS IN THE SOUTH
LOS ANGELES, April 20.— The dismis
sal of Henry E. Kuntington from his
place as assistant to the president of the
Southern Pacific has been followed by his
declaring to make Los Angeles his future
place of residence. Information leaked
out to-day that he is the largest owner
and controller of the Los Angeles Rail
way Company lines, as well as the Pasa
dena road. Jc was given out when the
purchase wr.s made* a few months ago
that the biggest share had been chipped
in by Collis P. Huntington. "While this
deal to sell the Santa Monica electric line
has not been .completed, the negotiations
are under way. When Collis P. Hunting
ton made his visit to Los Angeles April l
and became the guest of General If. H.
Sherman for a few hours it became
known then that the Sherman-Clarke syn
dicate made a proposition and offer of
sale to the Southern Pacific's president.
This has been met by a counter proposi
tion at the hands of the railroad magnate
and whenever the Santa Monica system
is secured it will be with the money of
1 nele Collie and not. it is stated in com
mercial circles, by the cash of the nephew,
as he is as deep in the scheme as it is
possible to venture.
It is freely predicted In quarters close
to the powers that the traction lines are
bound sooner or later to become a part of
the Huntington system. Negotiations to
bring about this result, undertaken
months ago. have never been given up it
being only a question of time when the
tntertata involved will reach common
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, April 20
FolnT'Arena Hcnsen ' v h " Urs from
CalcuUa 1 ' S ' erra NeVada> Scott - 123 daya from
Grays" Ha n rbo e r. Tbelln< Holmborg ' 10 ' flays from
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS
QUEENSTOWN - Arrived April 21 ' Stmr
proceeded. ' ROm NeW ° rk ' for Ll^^. and'
DOMESTIC PORTS
TACOMA-Arrlved April 20-Stmrs Umatilla
and Washtenaw, hence April 16 *""*
Sailed April 20— Ptmr Al-KI. for Alaska
■ BOWENB LANDING-Salled Aprtl aStfichr
Mary Etta, for Ban' Franc laoo. ■«>-achr
DR. BUCKLEY IS
STYLED A FAKER
Dunn and Hill Testify
to That Effect.
ONE DOSE FOR ALL DISEASES
BROMIDE OF SODIUM HIS FA
VORITE PRESCRIPTION.
i Some Sensational Testimony Given
Before Superior Judge Angelotti
in the Celebrated Manning
Case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. SAN RAFAEL, April 20.— Dr. E. P.
Dunn, insanity expert and city health
officer of Oakland, created a sensation
In the Superior Court during the hear
ing of the suit of Manning vs. Man
ning by branding Dr. C. F. Buckley,
the well-known San Francisco phy
sician, as a "faker." The flutter caused
by Dr. Dunn's caustic testimony waa
Increased by the testimony of Coroner
K. i; mil of San Francisco, who de
clared that Dr. Buckley found the
father of the Mannings a "good thing."
Ho. also swore that Dr. Buckley has one
prescription for almost every disease
under the sun — bromide of sodium.
Andrew Manning died at Tomales a
f<-w months ago and a few hours before
his death deeded his property, valued
at 126,000, to his daughter Margaret, a
handsome brunette, employed as fore
woman in a metropolitan cloak house.
J. J. Manning brought suit to have the
,l« , ,i ,\, clared a deed of trust for all the
eight children on the ground that the
father was insane and unduly in
fluenced. The hearing of the case has
been in progress before Judge Angel
lotti for three days.
Dr. Buckley attended Manning for a
year prior to his death and all the
prescriptions were compounded at Cor
oner Hill's pharmacy. Yesterday Dr.
Buckley swore that Andrew Manning
had been troubled with progressive in
sanity and was a mental wreck when
he died.
Dr. Dunn was placed on the stand by
Attorney Hepburn Wilkins for the de
fense to-day, and expressed surprise
that Dr. Buckley had given such testi
mony. J. W. Keyes of counsel for
plaintiff asked Dunn what reputation
Buckley bore.
"Faker," was the laconic reply.
"Do you mean that?" asked Keyes.
"Yes, sir. He is considered a faker
and absolutely passe by the medical
fraternity."
"Passe is too aristocratic for my vo
cabulary," said Keyes. "What does it
mean?"
"Well," retorted Dunn, "the general
idea is that he is a back number."
When pressed for the names of phy
sician's who thought Dr. Buckley a
faker, Dunn said it would be unprofes
sional to tell.
Such a sensation was created by the
testimony that Sheriff Taylor had to
rap repeatedly for order.
Coroner Hill testified that Manning
was a "good thine," and had probably
been fnund so by Dr. Buckley.
"Dr. Buckley has one prescription for
almost every case," he added, 'bro
mide of sodium; he seldom varies."
Dr. Buckley was not present at to
day's proceedings and his friends as
sert that he will take proper action as
regards the so-called unprofessional
behavior of Coroner. Hill and Dr. Dunn.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHY NOT
BE CURED?
"Health and Disease are conditions on which
depend pleasure and sorrow, happiness or un-
happiness. success or failure. Health makes a
man equal to any emergency. Disease makes
him unequal to the ordinary duties of life.
It is economy to be well."
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
| ' j***\ 8
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE OLD RELIABLE SPECIALIST,
(22 Tears' Experience),
Offices at 757 Market St.. San Francisco,
Where the sick and afflicted can receive treat-
ment in the future, as they have In the past,
from the ablest and most successful specialist
of the age. Some doctors fall because of treat-
ing the wrong disease; others from not knowing
the right treatment.
NO MISTAKES HERE AND NO FAILURES.
References— Best Banks, Merchants and
Business Men In the city.
In seeking treatment the . following qualifica-
tions should be taken Into consideration:
Ability, experience,, skill and an established
[ reputation for - . .
RELIABILITY!
All of which are possessed by Dr. Sweany, and
are necessary for the successful and satisfac-
tory treatment of any disease.
NERVOUS DEBILITY siS &2WS
YOUNG. MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN
i The awful ■ effects of neglected or Improperly
treated cases, causing drains, weakness of the
body and brain, dizziness, falling memory
lack of energy and confidence, pains in the
back, loins and kidneys and many other dis-
j tressing symptoms, unfitting one for study
I business or enjoyment of life. Dr. Sweany a
I special treatment will cure you. no matter who
! or what has failed. - .7. T :
WEAK MEN *? .vigor and vitality re-
-S»LMI\ mUli stored to weak men. Organs
I of the body which .have been weakened or
i shrunken through diseases, overwork excesses
,or indiscretions are restored to full power
I strength and vigor by his successful system of
! treatment.
RHPTIIRF Cvr * by hls> new method without
HUM URL use of knife or detention from
work— a painless, sure and permanent cure.
VARICQCELE (5ro «l<". swelling and ten-
f niIIUUULLL derness of the glands treat
; ed with unfailing success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON y?M
eases of the blood promptly and thoroughly
cured and every trace of the poison eradicated
from the system forever.
PRIVATE DISEASES, SKT^ -:
which, if neglected or Improperly treated.
break down the system and cause kidney dis-
ease. etc.. permanently cured.
El FftTRIPITY Static, Galvanls and Fa-
LLLUlmbl I I i radio Electricity scientifi-
cally used and united in all its modern forms
in conjunction with special medical treatment
In nil cases where It can be of benefit.
WRITE If you cannot call at his office, fully
If 111 I L describing your symptoms and you
will receive in plain envelope a scientific and
honest opinion of your case and a book of
valuable information free of charge.
Office hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 6:30 to
8 p. m. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 2 p. m. Call at
office or address
 r.L.SWI ANY, M. D. ,737 Market Bt.,San Fr»noiio«,0»lTHE VOLUNTEERS
AT MANILA ARE
TO COME HOME
Official Announcement That the
Boys Will Be Brought Back
as Fast as Possible.
Call Headu'jarterF, "Wellington Hotel,
Washington. April 20.
The "vTrir Department to-day gave out
the • • ews that the volunteer
: hillppines wo-uld be re
ind brought home as fast
:. sport service could be ar
it the first regiments to
J . would be the First Califor
•• manded by Colonel James F.
eon Regiment and the
batteries of artillery.
To replace the troops in the Philip
pines about 14.000 regulars will be dis
patched to Manila as soon as the nec
essary transportation can be provided.
Probably the first regiment to go will
be the Seventh Artillery, now distrib
uted at Fort Slocutn, N. V., Fort
Adams, R. 1.. Portland Head, Me.. Fort
Treble, Me., Grovers Cliff, Mass., Fort
Bchuyler, X. V., and Washington Bar
rack?. Light Batter C and Mof this
regiment have been ordered home from
Porto Rico for service in the Philip
pines. Two other regiments, including
possibly the Eleventh Infantry, recalled
home from Porto Rico, will also be sent
to the Philippines. These reinforce
ments are in addition to the six regi
ments of regulars already under orders
to report to General Otis at Manila for
duty in the Philippines.
The plans of the 1 department contem
plate placing about 30,000 troops at the
disposal of General Otis in the early
fail, and to make the changes so grad
ually that his military strength will not
fall below its present figure of about
21,000 effective men. A vigorous, ag
igressive campaign has been determined
upon in the fall and will be prosecuted
to the bitter end. The insurrecti<_m is
to be effectually suppressed by force of
arms, if that result cannot be accom
plished by other riieans. It is said that
the army* in the Philippines is to be in
creased to 30.000 whether the insurgents
abandon the field or not, as it is recog
nized that even in the expected event
of the surrender of Aguinaldo a strong
military fierce will be needed in the
archipelago for some time to come.
To demonstrate the physical impossi
bility of bringing home the volunteer
forces in the Philippines under two
months' time the officials of the War
Department have prepared the follcrw
;ng statement of the present disposition
of army transports on the Pacific sta-
Eastward bound — The Grant, sailed from
Manila to San Francisco March Z:>; the Sher
rr.an, sailed from Manila to Han Francisco
Westward bound— The Conemautjh, sailed
frnm San Francisco to Manila March 11; the
Cleveland, sailed from San Francisco to Manila
Maron 20:' the City, of Puebla. sailed from San
Francisco to Manilu March 'U: the Zealandta,
tailed from San Francisco to Manila March 2s;
:he Charles Nelson satl^i from San Francisco
:o Manila March 30: the Lt<"lanaw, sailed from
■Jin Francisco to Manila April 15.
Loading for Manila— The Hancock, arrived
it San Francisco April 6: the Warren, arrived
it San Francisco April 7: the Valencia, ar
rived ai San Francisco April 7; the Newport,
arrived at San Francisco April S; the Morgan
C!ty. arrived ,at San Francisco April 11; the
s"na'tor. arrived at San Francisco April 16; the
Ohln, arrived af San •»nr'»-<i April 17.
In Philippine ports— The Indiana, at Negros:
the Pennsylvania, at Cebu; the St. Paul, at
Hollo: the Tacoma. at Manila: the Centennial.
it Manila: the Portland, at. Manila: the Roan
oke at Manila; the Sheridan at Manila
•
The fastest of seven transports now
at San Francisco can hardly reach Ma
nila before the last of May. It cannot,
therefore, be utilized for the return of
the volunteers before the Ist of June.
The Grant and Sherman are expected
to arrive at San Francisco early in
May and to start back for Manila be
tween the 15th and the end of the
month. They will not be available for
transportation home of volunteers in
the Philippines before July l.
The transports in the Philippines are
not considered available for the trans
portation home of volunteers, as they
are constantly needed in the archi
pelago. Three of them are held at Ne
gros, Cebu and Iloilo as possible asy
lums for foreigners in case of necessity.
Those at Manila re being held in re
serve for similar purposes, as well as
for use in possible expeditions to other
portions of the archipelago. It will
therefore be seen that the department
Is seriously handicapped In its trans
portation facilities and cannot com
plete the transportation home of the
volunteers in less than two months'
FILIPINOS IMITATE
AMERICAN TACTICS
MANILA. April 20.— This afternoon a
force of two hundred Insurgents formed a
sklrmish line, imitating the tactics of the
Americans, and attacked the scouts of the
First Washington Infantry near Taguig.
Rf'lnfoi cements soon came up and the
enemy was driven back one mile, when
:he American ammunition gave out and
:he pursuit was abandoned. The Amerl
SHIPS NEEDED
IN THE PACIFIC
The Navy Department in
Sore Straits.
• h to The Call.
udquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, April 20.
th affairs in the Philippines re
■ i large naval
a big army on
! the disturbances in Samoa
naval representa
x-vy Department is finding
In meeting the demands upon
idtag the number of aux
and other craft detained
■!' the war. Numerically
avy's strength is more than double
that of oi go. it has beei
J the authorities to maintain
tically the entire naval strength
wo stations, the North Atlantic.
from which detachments for emergen
ould be made, and the Asiatic
red in number and righting
ncy the fleet under Dewey equals
that under Admiral Sampson, whi^h
reduced by detaching ships
sewhere. The l'a< ifi-- sta
■n account Of the Samoan trouble,
- for additional ships and the
Ibflfty that affairs at Apia may re
main unsettled for months or longer
Involve a i "nsiderable increase.
By the withdrawal of nearly every
available vessel for service with Ad
FILIPINO
STATESMEN
WEAKENING
LONDON, April 20 —It has been
- : tative of the
- that a split has
occurred among the members of
Junta, a majority of
• . >r of direct con
with the Secretary of
• Washington, with
a view of bringing about a peace
ful solution of the Philippine ques-
■ gates, I.a Sala. Marti,
and Rivera, finding that
Agoncillo, Aguinaldo's representa
with this view,
■! for Manila, leaving
Agoncillo, Ri<> antl Luna, who in
sist upon absolute and uncondi
tional independence. In Europe.
The other:- • I i^ct to some
form of American intervention in
• rnment of the island, and
say they believe a personal meet
■ woen Agulnaldo and Ad
miral Dewey, in whom alone the
Filipinos declare they have con
fidence, will lead to a settlement.
cans killed twelve of the enemy and cap
-ome of their arms.
A party of eighteen American soldiers,
under command of a captain, went scout
ing this morning to the north of Guiguin
::ere they • inten d a body of in
nts. two hundred strong:. A skir
mish ensued in which one American was
wounded.
The American merchants here are petl
- ■ Francisco I'hamber of
Comi -■' it? influence toward pet
ting a t- f tariffs, many of
which ar^ prohibitive.
The thirl sh gunboats have ar
rived here under convoy of the Concord
and Petrel. While lying in the waters of
the south these boats were looted of small
arms and can:'
General Rios. Spanish representative In
Philippines, says the steamships Porto
Cataluna and Leontrlce will pro
\ .' k • /.amboanga and Jol.>
to Spain the remaining
;>h soldiers at those
Rosales, representative of Gpii
who was commissioi
for the liberation of th>> Si
rs held as prisoners by the Fili
pinos, has been notified by the ins-.:
--that his '.if- will n"- aside the
• .iiise of his having
president of : - ■■. Military
<"ourt whi
Luna, the insurgent milii I r, t..
<]> aih. Colonel Rosales has consequently
. ned from the commission, and Ma
• een appointed in hid
piace.
tin's evaluation of the Philippine
Islands will be practically completed by
the withdrawal of the Spanish garrison
Zamboanga, Island of Mindanao,
and from the Suit] islands, and if the
Q Ptates ajsump? control of Mlndl
- ;lu islands on the Span
iards' withdrawal the military authori
tere must, in order to garrison thes*
the 1 t the Amer
■ troops, already ton small. There was
St a mutiny amur.g the Spanish
-lands because they were
ted to proceed to the Ladrone and
then refusing to
claiming that their enlistments had
expired. The latter wen exempted and
were allowed to return t<> Spain.
The naf I n the £ ilsh garri
sons are ir. a sad plight. They mr, -
company the Spaniards or risk the rage
of their own people. The Spaniards pro
to disband th^m. but they rel
to give up their arms.
The nath mboanga, embu:
by the suspicious capture of the arma
ments on board the Spanish gu:
which were purchased there by Francisco
■ - of this place, are likely to prove
troublesome when the Spanish gar- •
are withdrawn from th<- coast tnv.
inland of Mindanao. It is believed
that the smoldering tribal wars will then
• -umed, anarchy will prevail and th>*
inhabitants of nearly every village will
vith their neighbors.
A tripartite exchange of prisoners will
be arranged if it is possible t<> negotiate
with ihe Filipinos as if they were a civ
ilized nation. If the Filipinos consent to
r. -lease the Spanish prisoners the Am^ri
cans might release the Tagallos they now
hold prisoners, in return for which Spain
would free her political prisoners. The
provisions of the Paris treaty would thus
be carried out.
The Spanish commission, however, hesi
tates to enter the Filipino lines, fearing
treachery, although Aguinaldo has guar
anteed the safety of the Commissioners.
The release of the Filipinos held by the
Americans might be distinctly advanta
as they all claim to "have been
erted to the American cause by the
treatment they have received* and
announce themselves to be anxious to In
■ ■ Ir friends in favor of the policy
of the I'nited ?•
A body of about 100 rebels tried to break
through the lines of Price's battal:
the Fourth Regular Infantry at the Pasig
• last night, but they were repulsed
without any loss on the American Bi
miral Dewey there was left on this sta
tion only th* Philadelphia which was
■ tly sent to Samoa, leaving not a
• single modern vessel then on the station
until the arrival of th<> lowa. With
Hawaii. Guam and Samoa embraced In
the limits of this station a larger naval
is urgently needed.
To add to the present strength of the.
Pacific station the Navy Department
; has directed the departure of the cruis
ers Newark and Marblehead from the
West Indies for the Pacific, and they
: are expected to sail this week One
and perhaps another ship will also h^
ordered th^re later. These detachments
mean a reduction of Admiral Sampson's
1 fleet.
The South Atlantic station does not
require a large squadron at present
and until the Chicago arrives the little
Wilmington will be the only ship to
fly the flag In that section of the world
The European station is the only one
of five maintained by this rountry on
which there are now no warships.
FOUND DEATH IN A
CREAMERY SEPARATOR
A. F. Balazari, a Swiss Dairyman,
Meets a Horrible Fate in San Luis
Obispo County.
SAX T/TIS OBISPO. April 2f1.-A horri
ble accident happen at the Guadalupe
creamery skimming station at Oso Flaro,
twenty-eight miles south or here, this
morning. A. F. Balazari, a Swiss, had left
Quadalupe and was going over to Oto
Plaoo with a team to get a load of wood.
On the way he stopped at the skimming
station to see some friends. Ho was stand
ing by a separator, which had Just been
B4 I !n motion, when a bolt flew off the
machine and struck Balazari in the fore
head, rendering him unconscious, and he
fell head foremost into the separator, and
before his companions could rescue him
his head was ground to a pulp In the ma
; chinery, nothing hut his chin and one ear
n maining. The deceased leaves a widow
and two children. He was well known in
' the southern part of this county.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1899.
SANTA CLARA COLLEGE
BOYS WHO PLAY BALL
The Team That Won the Intercollegiate Championship for 5899.
I— Finnigan Substitute
2— Nihiil Sub-- I
3— Coward Center field
SANTA i "LARA COLLEGE is always
r« pres< nt< d by ;•. good basi
team and this year h;is :
the team I
the intercollegiate championship.
Last year, under .. w uchful eye of
Jo< Corbett, the team m '" f ; 1 1
■
■ ■ markable record of ftl
While the rec
not quite
equal the phenomena] showing made by
th.- t< am i, yet it Is almost un
COLONEL BRYAN
ON EXPANSION
Talks to Crowded House
at Syracuse.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SYRACUSE, N. V., April 20.— The Al
hambra, with a seating capacity of 3000
people, was comfortably filled with
an enthusiastic crowd to-night to hear
Colonel W. J. Bryan. Mr. Bryan, on be
ing introduced, was cheered to the
echo. His address covered old ground
on the subject of income tax and the
currency.
Taking up the subject of expansion,
Mr. Bryan said:
A large standing army is a burden to
taxpayers and a menace to the republic.
This nation can depend upon its volun
teers. They can defend it in the hour of
danger. (Vociferous cheering.)
What has happened to make more sol
diers necessary? Nothing but a Republi
can administration. The President says
our occupation of Cuba is temporary:
there is no trouble In Porto Rico. Seventy
thousand soldiers are wanted to carry the
benign blessings of freedom to 9.000,000
Filipinos. Who will pay the cost? .If
the Filipinos, they must be taxed four
times as high as Spain taxed them. If
we pay It. ask a gold man to show you
how it will get back to the taxpayers.
Common people furnish soldiers and syn
dicates get the money paid for war. I
, don't want a single soul to be brought
under the American flag unless he can
share in every blessing of this Govern
ment. (Great applause.)
Shall we call our chief executive Presi
dent of the United States and Emperor
of the Philippines? Government by one
man backed' by force is despotism. People
who are opposed to taking the Philippines
plead not for the Filipino but for the
American people, lest they may, by be
coming accustomed to despotism, be pre
pared to yield to despots. I oppose Chris
tianity fired out of a Gatling gun. The
man who is hit does not need the Gospel.
Does the laboring man want Oriental
labor to compete with him? Every nation
in Europe wants us guilty of conquest.
If we are to become an empire let us
send Bartholdl's statue back to France
and go to England and borrow a statue
of William the Conqueror. Let us treat
the Filipinos as we would the Cubans, and
we will erect in the harbor of Manila a
new statue of Liberty in the Old World.
ALLEGED THEFT OF
A JUNEAU STREET
TACOMA, April 20.— The Pacific Coast
Steamship Company is accused of steal
ing- an important part of Front street, in
Juneau. It is that part which runs down
to tidewater, where Juneau people have
expected eventually to maintain a city
wharf and other marine conveniences.
The Juneau Mining: Record gives this
account of the matter:
Wh-n J hn Oldl was Trustee of the city of
Juneau he laid out a continuation of Front
street which was to run to the water front
to connect with Captain Carroll's wharf site.
A man named Price, during times when Ju
neauites were doing more business than they
could handle, built a two-story house which
now lies vui ant It fact's Front street bn'-k t"
the Pacific toast Steamship Company's ware
house and stands squarely in the middle of the
street.
Years ago a suit was brought Involving this
building, and Price was ordered to remove it.
The order of the court was never carried into
execution, and the blocking proposition was
subsequently purchased by the Pacific Toast
I'nmimny, which now has wharf facilities in
that ixjrtion of the city blocked, and has ap
plied for a patent.
Citizens adjacent to the property are up in
arras against the proposition, and the Alaska 1
Chamber of Commerce has be^n appealed to.
A protest against the Issuance of a patent has
been sent to Washington. The Record claims
that had this street been legally opened before
this there would have been docks and coal
bunkers on the point, but to start to build
wharves now means a fight In the courts and
the Land Department for at least two yean. >
4-Prill Left field
s—Farry5 — Farry First base
G — Garnot Second base
equaled. In I layed the
ictorious in all
but three.
The t--am. by having d< feated Berke
ley three times ■ ■ ■ has
the int' : - mpionship
for this season.
1 ■:' the twelve games played with
Berkeley and Stanford during the past
two - Santa Clara lias won them
all save on<\ which was lost to Stan
ford. Thf- remaining gamrs were played
with some of the beat teams on the
M ANY APPLICANTS
FOR THE POSITION
Commissioner of Public
Works.
Predial Pispatrh to The Call.
WOODLAND, April 20.— The merry
war among the applicants for the posi
tion of Commissioner of Public Works
on, notwithstanding the uncer
! talnty of the status of the legislation
affecting that office.
John Reith. a Yolo County applicant
for the position, was in Woodland
W'-dnesday morning, summoning the
old guard to his assistance, and as a
result of his visit a delegation consist
i ing of Judge Ruggles. Frank Mixon.
Frank Dietz, W. L. Wood. Supervisor
Russell and others went over to Sac
! ramento Wednesday afternoon and
urged Mr. Keith's claim before the
< governor.
The delegation returned Wednesday
evening and has since maintained a
discreet Biience in regard to the result
of the visit There is a rumor that
Governor Gage accorded a respectful
bearing to Mr. Keith's friends, but
gave no intimation of whom he fav
ored or when the appointment is likely
to be made.
It has been frequently reported, and
neither Assemblyman Pierce nor his
friends have denied it, that he is also
a candidate for the office. It hus also
been rumored that his candidacy is due.
t" assurance from persona who are
credited with being very Influential
with the chief executive, thai Governor
Gage is anxious to do something Coi
him as a reward for his friendship an 2
party services.
other prominent candidates are J. W.
Browning of Grand Island, Colusa
County, and ex-Senator William John
ston of Sacramento County. The !at
ter is credited with bringing to bear
h powerful political pull and with being
sanguine of success.
In the meantime the Attorney Gen
eral is wrestling with grave Legal prob
lems affecting the office. The last
Legislature attempted to repeal the
law under which the incumbent was
appointed, but neglected to express tlv
purpose of the bill in its title. There
are decisions <>f the Supreme Court
which indicate that the act is on that
account unconstitutional. There is still
a more serious defect. The act orig
inated in the Senate. It was twice
amended in the Assembly. The Sen
ate refused to concur. A conference
committee considered the matter and
the Assembly receded from the amend
ments. The enrolling clerk of the Sen
ate incorporated the amendments in
the act, notwithstanding the refusal of
the Senate to concur in them. The
records therefore show that the act as
signed by the Governor never nassed
the Senate. The validity of the act
may. therefore, be questioned upon two
vital points, and the opinion of the
Attorney General will be awaited with
much Interest.
Abandons Northern Visit.
Special Cable to The Call and th* New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1893, by James Gor
don Bennett.
VALPARAISO. April 20.— President Er
razuriz hits abandoned his proposed trip
to the northern province*. H<- wiil toon
give a banquet In honor of the Punta
Commissioners. The American and Brit
ish Ministers have been invited. Tho
Chilean Steamship Company ■will soon ex
tend its service to Mexican port*
7— Conner Third base
&— "Jay" Hughes I loach
9 — Graham (manager i ( 'atcher
nly other defeats sus
tained by the college tram were at the
hands of the San Jose professional team
and the Newarka, which for the
; ■• were composed of prof'
players.
The t^am has always hpen fortunatf
In securing the services of good
"coaches," Jay Hughes of Brooklyn
having acted in that capacity during the
early part of this season, hi IM>7 Billy
Hulen, the clever liLtle shortstop, now
of Washington, coached the team to vie
DOCTORS TALK ON
MANY SUBJECTS
Close of the State Mcdi-
cal Society Meeting.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
DEL MONTE, April 20.— The sessions
on the last day of the State Medical
Society meeting were quite as well at
tended as on the previous days. Several
doctors who had intended leaving Del
.Monte in the morning remained for
another day because of the great value
of smne of the papers and discussions
introduced. At the morning session the
papers presented were as follows:
"A Study of Caesarian Section, Four
Cases," by Dr. W. S. Thorne of San
Francisco; "Intravenous Injections of
Mercury in Syphilis," by Dr. F. Dudley
Tait of San Francisco; "Twer Successful
Cases of Amputation Through the Hip
J«,-int by Weyth's Method," by Dr. C. G.
Levison; "Preliminary ßeport on Trans
plantation of the Ovaries," by Dr. J. F.
McCone of San Francisco, and "Intes
tinal Anastomosis," by Dr. J. Henry
Barbat.
Pru-fessor Le Conte discussed at some
length the paper of Dr. McCone, calling
attention to the great biologic value of
these experiments in transplanting
ovarian tissue from one animal to an-
Other. He also spoke very feelingly <>n
the question of vivisection. He thought
that one should always have great.
sympathy with all lite, but the degree
of consideration given should depend
upon the grade of life. It is better. In
Ins opinion, that a thousand dogs be
sacrificed rather than one human being
suffer unnecessarily. It sho-uld be
urged on the attention of all anti-vivi
sectionists that every effort is made to
the animals as much suffering as
possible through the use of anesthetics.
Great interest was taken in the work
of Dr. McCone and the words of Pro
fessor L.c Conte. Dr. Barbat's paper
save the results of his experiments on
dogs which had been made at the medi
cal department of the State University.
Now that so many people are having
appendicitis and are compelled to have
their intestines operated on the study
of methods for operating <>n the intes
tines is becoming very prominent.
Dr. F. Dudiey Tait of San Francisco
discussed Dr. Uarbat's paper at length
and complimented him <>n the great la
bor he had undertaken. During the
afternoon session Dr. Thomas W. Hunt
ington of San Francisco, recently the
Southern Pacific surgeon in Sacra
mento, reported the successful ampu
tation of bo-th legs in three cases, after
injury.
Dr. W. Lemoyne Wills of Los Angeles
reported a case of fracture and disloca
tion of the bones of the neck which
had occurred to an acrobat.
Dr. Huntingdon reported a case of
dislocation of the spinal column, which
occurred in July last In the person of
the nephew of Lieutenant Governor
Neft*. The dislocation of the bones was
successfully replaced by means of a
very ingenious device originated by Dr.
Huntington.
Other papers of the session were "Un
usual Features of Tubercular Pere
tonitis," by Dr. E. E. Kelly of San Fran
cisco, ;in«l "A New Method of Applying
Plaster Jackets," by S. J. Hunkin of
San Francisco.
The society indulged in the customary
annual banquet in the evening, which
was thoroughly enjoyed hy the forty or
i .fi f u- members who remained.
10—Leake (captain) Shortstop
11— Kelly Pitcher
12— Mahoney Right field
tory.
It Is, no doubt, due to this fact and to
the systematic work the players under
go that such a high degree of profi
ciency Is attained.
Much of tl - of the team of
'99 has been due to the able manner in
which the it-am has been managed by
Charles Graham.
On Thursday, April 27. the tfam will
play the San Jose professional tfam for
the hf-nc-fit of Dea. the San Jose third
baseman, who has bten very ill.
SPECIAL CONGRESS
DULY CONVENED
Work Yet Before Uni-
versal Brotherhood.
BY MRS. H. H. SOMERS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX DIEGO. April 20.— The special
congress c-f Universal Brotherhood con
vened this morning on Point Loma at
the site of the school for the revival of
the lost mysteries of antiquity. It will
continue the remainder of the week
until Saturday. The programme as
arranged will be two sessions daily, one
in the morning to consider business
affairs of the organization and one in
the afternoon, open to the public, for
the discussion of the questions and pur
poses in which the organization is in
terested and which it purposes lo pro
mote. Committees have been busy all
day arranging matters in their respect
ive jurisdiction which must receive im
mediate consideration and be acted
upon.
Some affairs of importance and of
interest to the general public will be
taken up. For instance it has been de
cided to improve the grounds of the
S. R. L. ML A. without delay. This work
will be begun just as soon as specifica
tions, now in preparation by capable
parties, can be completed.
Mrs. Tingley, with her cabinet, and
also with many of the international
representatives, will remain at Point
Loma for several days after the great
body of members of the congress have
departed, in order to enjoy a needed
rest after the labor of the congress and
to see that the work of improvement
is thoroughly inaugurated and well un
der way.
"Eumenides," the old Greek drama,
will be presented each night. It appears
that the general community is just be
ginning to realize the advantage of the
opportunity thus afforded them. Many
who have seen the presentation once
are returning for the second and third
timo, bringing others with them. No
higher commendation is possible. Prep
arations are in progress to make the
closing rendition on Saturday night es
pecially attractive and impressive, and
in order that no one may be deterred
by reason of the price from witnessing
the play tickets for that occasion are
reduced to 50 cents. The proceeds, of
course, will be used to further the
brotherhood movements.
OWENS' EXECUTION
NOT TO BE DELAYED
Wardeu Hale Will Hang the Wife
Murderer at San Quentin Plun
Morning. .
SAN QUENTIN. PRISON. April 207— At- j
ter a consultation with Attorney General
Ford and Attorney General Fitzgerald, |
'Warden Hale has concluded to hang I
George C. Owens, the. Modesto wife-mur
derer, at 10:30 o'clock to-morrow morning. '•
Their opinion is that Hale is empowered
to act as warden until his successor is
appointed and qualities. Last Tuesday
Owens was baptized and received into the '
Catholic faith by Rev. Father Lagan. He 1
is growing weaker and weeps continually.
It is feared by the officials that an awful
scene may occur at the execution. Owens
will see nobody but his priest and says I
ha will sneak from the scaffold. ' 6
CASE OF QUAY
BEFORE THE JURY
Failing to Agree It Is
Locked Up for Night.
VERDICT IS NOW UNCERTAIN
OPINIONS AS TO A DISAGREE
MENT OR ACQUITTAL.
The Ex-Senator Did Not Offer Any
Testimony in Defense, and His
Counsel Secured the Last
Argument.
Siwial Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA. April 20.— The case
of ex-United States Senator Quay was
placed in the hands of the jury
promptly at 3 o'clock this afternoon,
and no verdict being reached by 10
o'clock at night the jury was locked up
until morning.
There was no intimation, other than
mere rumor, as to the attitude of the
jury. The generally pxpr>-?spd opinion
of those who have followed the trial
since its beginning on Monday of last
week is that the verdict will he an ac
quittal. Many, however, look for a dis
agreement. There are but few who ex
press the belief that a verdict of guilty
will be given.
To-day's proceedings were confined
entirely to argument and the speeches
by counsel, the defense»deciding to pre
sent no testimony. Mr. Watson began
the day by requesting that the case be
withdrawn from the jury and a verdict
of not guilty rendered. He contended
that the commonwealth had utterly
failed to make out a case against Mr.
Quay. Judge Biddle determined that
the issues were those for a jury to de
cide and he ruled that it he gone
through in the usual way. Mr. Shields
here announced the defense's inten
tion to take no testimony, and under
the rules of the court he thus obtained
the privilege of making but one, the
last, speech to the jury.
District Attorney Rothermel spoke for
one hour. Mr. Shields followed for one
hour and three-quarters, and Judge
Biddle charged the jury in nine
minutes.
MRS. FRYE SCORES
PROFESSOR JORDAN
Says He Should at Once
Apologize.
Special Dispatch tn The Call.
BOSTON, April 20.— Mrs. William P.
Frye, wife of the former Peace Com
missioner, writes a most amazing open
letter to Professor David Starr Jordan
in reply to his recent lecture to the stu
dents of the Stockton, Cal.. High School
on "The Higher Criticism." Profess ir
Jordan attacked the administration and
its policy and told a story of one of the
Peace Commissioners going to a ban
quet in Paris and expectorating to
bacco juice on the floor. In Mrs. Frye*a
letter she says:
Evidently you lack not self -conceit, but
most certainly do discretion in speech.
You propose to address young men on
"The Higher Education." and then de
vote a portion of your time to a sense
less vulgar story which had not even the
merit of freshness nor the appearance of
truth. There was probably not one of
your audience so stupid as to accept for
fact your idiotic fiction.
Further along she says:
But what interests me most in your ex
traordinary harangue is your attack on
our Peace Commissioners, in which you
display such profound ignorance as to our
public" men. What do you mean by your
suggestion that "It would be better to
send men abroad wh>. are familiar wit.i
the usages of good society?" Are you ig
norant of the facts that one has been
Secretary of State, is now Circuit .1
that one has been a Senator, for two
terms the chairman of the Commit-
Foreign Relations, one of the most ac
complished lawyers in the Northwest and
a finished scholar; that one has been in
the House and Senate twenty-nine years;
that one has been Senator two terms and
is now a Circuit Judge, a gentleman by
birth and breeding; that one was pro
prietor and editor of the New \<>rk Trib
une, who has served us admiral"
Minister to France; that all were
iiates of our colleges; that all had ■
greater experience in polii ■ and
greater familiarity with social ethics than
you could dream of?
Not one of these gentlemen chewed to
bacco: not one of them attended a ban
quet while abroad. Now do you not think
that you had better apologize to your
students for your cross and untruthful.
statements, and redeem, at least to that
extent, your reputation as a gentleman
and a scholar?
INTEKESTS THE COAST.
Some Fresh Postoffice, Pension and
Army News.
WASHINGTON. April 2 -•■office
was to-day established at Evans. Butte
j County, California, and V. A. Evans was
! appointed Postmaster.
Pensions: California — Original — Henry
H. Williams, Pomona. $12: Benjamin B.
i Wady. Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles, 16;
i JohnS. Sargent. Santa Rosa. $6; John V.
Perigo. Los Angeles, $8. Increase— J
Jones. Soldiers' Home. Los Ang< - 18 to
$10: special. April 11. George H. Marston,
1 Fowler. $4 to $6.
Washington— Original— John E. Moriar
i ty, Spokane, $8. Increase— Andrew J.
I Smith, Pleasant. $6 to $8.
Oregon— lncrease— Special. April 11. Jos
! hua H. Smith, Salem. $4 to $6: bj
April 11. Alpheus G. Bradley. Woodburn.
i $2 to $«.
The Postmaster Genera! has reinstated
[sador Simon, a sub letter carrier at San
! Francisco, with pay at the rate of 1600
, per annum, and has appointed Henry H.
' Herndon a sub letter carrier at San Jose,
with pay at the rate of $*>• per annum.
Army orders: Priv.it.- Albert R. Far
mer, Company H. Twenty-third United
i States Infantry. Manila, is disch
from the service of the United States. By
direction of the Secretary of War
! Lieutenant Edward I>. Fitiley, First Call
i fornia Volunteer Infantry, having ten
dered his resignation, is honorably dis
charged from the service of the united
States. The telegraphic instructions of
: April S. directing the discharge from the
service of the united States by the crnn-
I manding general. Department of Califor
nia, of Sergeant Earnest Dosier, First
I Company United States Volunteer Signal
I Corps, are confirmed. Private George D.
I Bomford. Company C, Sixth United >
| Infantry, will upon the arrival of that
; regiment at Manila he transferred to the
i Twenty-second United States Infantry.
and will be sent to the headquarto
that regiment for assignment to a com
pany. Private Roi.t-rt B. Griffith, Com
pany C, Tenth Pennsylvania Voli
Infantry, now en route to San Francisco,
will upon arrival he discharged from the
| service of the United State- by the com
j manding general, Department of Califor-
34
PLACE-SEEKERS
EAGER TO HEAR
FROM GAGE
The Impatient Throng
in the Palace Court.
STATE LABOR COMMISSIONER
WHO WILL SPEAK FOR THE RE-
PUBLICAN ORGANIZATION P
The Governor Promised to Consult
the Campaign Committee Bo
fore Making Any Ap
pointments.
c->urt of
Hotel foi < Jov
lento. Every one la
have
I who have but small
hopes ma as the
confld .- thej want to turn their
attention to somethl there is
nothing tn politics for them. All
II !s high time That the ap]
Pi omlnent members of
; the Republi
;-r. c with
■tion.
A member of the campaign committee
as asked yesterday as to the men the
Governor would consult In order to ascer
tain the views of the Republican State
organization In regard to the distribution
of patronage. The answer was: "The
Governor said he would consult member*
of the campaign committee before mak
ing appointments, in reference to the
appointment of Paris Kilbufh as Harbor
Commissioner members of this committee
were consulted."
In the southern part of the State there
Is considerable talk among Republicans on
the subject of reorganizing the Republi
can State Centra! Committee. The sen
timent Is expressed thai Parker and Os
borne do not represent the Republican
voters of that region of the State, and
that the party will suffer at the next elec
tion if they are to be recognized in the
future as party leaders.
A commltteeman at the Palace Hotel
yesterday remark« d: "There is nothing
in this talk of reorganizing the Republi
can State Central Committee, for there Is
nothing to reorganize for. The committee
will have nothing to do until the members
are called top'ther for the purpose of is
suing a call lor a eonvT'iition to select del
egates to the next national convention of
the party. ] do not know of any member
that desires further service on the com
mittee, and if reorganization should be
desired nearly all the members would be
willing to resign. There is much bad
feeling in the committee growing out of
the Senatorial contest, and when the
nit ml of the committee are called to
gether there will !«<• an expression of this
feeling. 1 do not hear that a meeting is
contemplated, and see no reason for now
calling the members together. li If my
opinion that the Governor in maklnpr ap
polntmenta will consult leading members
of the committee and not recognize any
one man as having authority to speak for
the Republican organization. The Gover
nor has been advised that he ought to
appoint able and first-class men to nil
the offices under his administration; in or
der that the party may >;aln strength
for the great Presidential contest of
11*00. The Registrar of Voters should be a
llrm man. bis . nmigh for the place There I
should be a strong Hoard of Health, and I
an able water front administration. The'
men who should be recognized are those !
who came forward with their means and
ability t<> win the victory in this State
last November."
The office of Commissioner of the Bu
reau of Labor Statistics was created by I
a Democratic Legislature many years ago
to make a comfortable berth for a poll- !
tloian. It is doubtful if the cause of j
honest labor was ever benefited by the I
bureau, but the otlUv has boon in" great I
demand ever since its creation. Then- is I
now a long line of Republican applicants j
for the place. It is presumed that the
Governor has some one slated, and there |
is talk to the effect that Assemblyman '
Kelsey of Santa Clara County is the man i
on the slate. Kelsey throughout the Sen
atorial contest disregarded the known do-'
sires and statements <>r thi» people that j
he was elected to represent and voted for
1' M Bui for United States Senator, i
Thomas O'Brien; another aspirant for the
office, was for Burns on the outside, i
Thn<» or four more sookers for the place !
and a half-dozen applicants for the chief I
deputyship are waiting to hear from Sac
ramento.
S. P. MAY BUY MORE
ELECTRIC RAILWAYS
DICKERING OVER THE SANTA
CRUZ ROAD.
• T • Crui mil-
P. Hunt
■
■
■
the
■
rall
■
• ■
■
• ■
-
■
Grand Lodfire Adioums.
The Grand Lodge of the Knights and
Ladies of Honor closed its session yes
terday at noon. The p.-r capita tax "was
fixed nt $1 50. The sum of $o<» was set
aside as a "propagating fund." and the
grand protector's contingent fund was
lixed at $200. The Supreme Lodge will in
crease the propagating fund by $500
Th supreme representatives wero re
quested to have the supreme body con
fer thehonor of l )ast grand protector on
H. v\ . QuiUow, the grand secretary: Mrs
Emma Quitrow of Bay City Lodge and
Mrs E. J. Colombet of Yerba Buena
IvO(1g< for extraordinary services rendered
the order.
Th.
X Cum
mlngs, and after a numtx ■
tnry speei
St. Francis Parish Reunion.
The parishioners of St. Francis parish
wl!l observe "Dcwey day" by holding a
grand reunion nt Shell Mound Park on
May 1. The committees having the affair
In charge are working diligently and feel
certain that the outing will be & grand
success. Valuable gate and game prizes
will m offered. An excellent programme
of gam— has been prepared.
CABMAN'S DEBAUCH ENDS
IN A SHOOTING SCRAPE
"Hoosier" Joe Mom Tries to Kill "Billy"
McClure in a Fight Over Money and
a Woman.
AS the result of an all-night do
bauch, winding up In a fight
over money matters and the
smiles of a woman, "Hoosier"
Joe Ullom. a cabman, is languishing
behind prison bars charged with as
sault to murder; Billy McClure, an
other hackman. is In the City and
County Hospital with a bullet in his
thigh; Frank Mnnnix, son of an ex
politiclan, is under arrest, charged
with cruelty to animals, and May
Woods, a waitress in the Olympic re
sort on Grant avenue and the woman
in the case, is being detained in cus
tody as a witness. The shooting oc
curred in front of a saloon at Ocean
View at S o'clock yesterday morning,
inn! within a short time thereafter all
the parties to the affair, with the ox-
ception of the Injured mar,
locki 'l up at th< Si enteenth
pollci station.
8 o'clock Wednesday night
\. wlio resid Bush
street . ma U call on M
at 125 Bto< kton Btr< ■t. The latter, with
an eye I that
Mannlx advance fi 50 with which to
hire a cab. by the ]udicl< us use of
which they might be able t" double
or tr- l
met with favor and the son of tl
politician advanced the cash and the
two wci it he neat
of a oa!> drawn by a ten-dollar horse
which they obtained at the Santa
Clara stables on Golden Gati avenue.
They si cur< d two 1 ring the
venture wns \
■ ■ driving
Kearny street, they were hailed
by ''Hoosler J
likewise a "load." but he was not Bat-
Isfled. H>> ■ ■ ut into
intrj with another driver occu
the i"'x.
He ala
Bpend his money and offered to hire
tfit- cab and brace of driv< rs if the
latter wouM procure a
irty. Tliis was easily done,
R. A. GRAHAM'S COUNTER
CLAIM NOT AN OFFSET
JUDGE BAHRS RENDERS A DE-
CISIVE OPINION.
The Court Also Holds That the
Spreckels Note Case Is a Purely-
Equitable Action.
I Judge George H. Kahrs yesterday hand
ed down an opinion In the case of J. D.
Spreckels &- Bros. Company against R.
j A. Graham, In which tit court holds that
| the defendant's counter claim to the plain
tiff's action to foreclose upon a pledge
given as a security for the payment of a
note, amounting to $523,162 Z2. is manifest
j ly no cause of action upon which he can
j recover, or by virtue of which he can se
j cure any set-off against the plaintiff's
claim ami the same should therefore be
' dismissed. The court also holds that the
i case is purely equitable and consequently
| denies defendant's motion for a rial of
the action by jury.
In the opinion the court says that the
gravamen of defendants counterclaim to
plain! action is that plaintiff wrong-
I fully permitted fires to break out In cer
tain coal mines and permitted the fires to
I devastate the mine: that they wrongfully
; removed the machinery therefrom, and
j that the. same could not be operated; they
allowed the roof of the mine to cave in
and thereby cut off access to the same.
and finally shut down the mine aJso
g«ther. Defendant also alleges that he
was induced to make large alterations in
and to a certain railroad, entailing a
! large expenditure of money upon him.
[ and that he was induced to make these
i changes and Incur these expenses
: through the representation of plaintiff
■ that it would cause the mine to be con
! Unually worked and that the product
thereof would be transported over the
railroad, thus furnishing a profitable busi
ness for the railroad for many years to
come. In thus shutting up the mine these
avenues of profit were closed to the de
i fendant. it is alleged, and it is upon these
; allegations that the defendant sets up
i his counter claim for $750,000 damages.
"No stockholder can sue on behalf of
! a corporation— Graham's suit being on be
) half Bf the corporation owning the coal
■ mines in question— without first alleging
that the directors of. that corporation
have been requested to file suit and have
declined to do so." continues the opinion,
"and no stockholder can file rait at law
for injury done to his corporation. The
suit must be filed by the corporation. The
failure to make the corporation parties
to the action is therefore an incurable
defect. The action on hearing is one
against the defendant on his personal
liability, and he cannot by way of counter
claim offset claims that did not arise out
of the transactions which formed the
foundation of the plaintiff company's
: claim." "
I Continuing, the court says the alle&a-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1899.
as Miss Woods, -when approached on
the, subject, declared that nothing
w.mld phase her better than a mid
night ride with beer and sandwiches
on the side. The party got under way
at about 11 p. in. and headed for "Un
cle Toms Cabin" on the San Bruno
road. They never reached that fa
mous resort, because by the time they
reached Ocean View the hois.' was
ready to drop with fatigue and abso
lutely refused to go on.
Right here the trouble began. Mc-
Clure demanded $5 for the use of the
cab and Mannix backed him up. Ul
lom refused to pay because, as he
claimed, they had failed to keep thi ir
contract, Which required that ho
should be taken to the Seventeen-mile
House. They finally compromised on
$2 and all hands adjourned to the l>ia
mond saloon for refreshments. Hero
the row was renewed and a mix-up oc
curred, which was brought to an end
by the whole outfit being summarily
I from the place by Proprietor
rly. not. however, before black
eyes and bruised faces had been lib
erally distributed among the trio.
By this time the broken-down nag
had In a measure recovered from the
t ft"- CtS Of ■ ■ -
with Ullom, McClure pul
umpec
h< r, w bile Ma nnlx mount*
■.. me being to leave "H
Joe to get home ns best he could. But
the lattei k at things in that
light. He realized that he had been
played for a "good thing," and •
not mine! that; but he did mind i
mile walk, and he objected to his girl
. from him, right under his
■
While Man nix wan belaboring the
In a fruit.- to pot him
. trot Joe ran up to the cab and
tions above mentioned are all in the
counter-claim which can be the basis of
. n ut as the a
i ause of action in • mter
clalm does not arlsi I • transac
tion set forth in th<
with the s . I the act! >n,
then : ■ mt In
the a< ir. For th< i ns the
• ■ count* r-ciaim
I be dlsml I holds thai
vs and
fendant'a motion for a jury trial
. - ■ sen ted in the count* r-
N (withstanding that such is the opin
ion of the Judge n servt
decision until next Monday, at which time
■ nt will be made by
sel ''ii the point raised, after which a de
cision will be entered.
PIGGOTT'S "PAL" CONVICTED.
Calvin Childs Found Guilty by a
Jury Last Night.
Calvin Chllds, the accomplice of Pick
pocket Jack Piggott, whose "pull" with
the courts proved to be mythical, was
found guilty by : . jury In Judge Dunn's
court after it had been out about fif
teen minute last evonlng.
The crime for which Childa stands con
victed was the taking of a pocketbook
containing Jl.'.J from xlenri Oule. a pas
senger on an Ingleside car, about two
months ago.
The- projectors of the Battle of Ma
nila panorama must derive considerable
satisfaction on overhearing: the favor
able comments passed by Interested
spectators as they view the reproduc
tion of the victory of Dewey'a fleet
over the Spanish squadron. The praise
is well deserved, for no finer panorama
has been seen in San Francisco. The
scenes are true representations of the
beautiful I M ui)n as it appeared
'>n the morning of the conflict. No
rtights of iinaßination have boon per*
mltted, nor has the beauty and gran
deur of the work been allowed to suf
fer on account of labor or expense. To
form a correct Impression of how the
destruction of the Spanish fleet was
effected a visit to the panorama on
Market street, near Eighth, will suffice.
In the divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce on the ground of
willful desertion have be- i Julia
Blanchi against Amatl Bianchi and C&ro-
Bteele against John G. Steele.
Charles Hoehna h;>.s sue>l his wife. Anna
Hoehna. for a divorce, alleplr.fr desertion
as a cause of action. On the Bame ground
Selmu. N*els<^n asks for a divorce from
Emil G. Nelson.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
J. J. Friedrichs from Asrms B. ■
rlchs. on the ground of extreme cruelty.
and Alta L. Feuper from Henry M. Feu
ger. on the ground of desertion.
"Permmold" book leathers; European success;
samples free. Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bids. •
reaching through the window fired one
shot at McClure with a X2-callher bull
dog revolver. The bullet struck Mc-
Clure on the right side, near the float-
Ing rib, passed through the loose flesh
and lodged in the right thigh. Joe
tried to fire a second shot, but Mannix
bu< ded in getting the horse under
way before he could do so. After the
shouting the cab was driven to the
city, while I'llom tried to escape over
the hills, but was captured by Officer
Mat Wilson of the Ocean View station,
who at onco telephoned an account of
the affair to the Seventeenth-street
station. Captain Gillin detailed De
tectives Fitzgerald and Graham on the
case, and they found Mannix driving
into town with the cab on the Mission
road, near the Five Mile House. He
had left McClure and the girl at Lut
tringer's saloon. 4530 Mission road, be
cause the jolting of the cab caused
I'llom's victim great pain. The offl
cers found tho man lying on the floor
of the saloon and the girl bathing his
forehead. He was sent to the City and
County Hospital and the others were
taken to the Seventeenth-street sta
tion, where they were soon Joined by
The threo mon propontrd n badly
battered ap] their faces being
• l with blood and battered and
I almost beyond recognition.
n «ar«! th<
fair in the light of a joke, while Man
nix, evidentlj fearing that he rtii^lit
lived, pretend* <\ that
about any tie! I
saw ii" sh'., ting Miss W •': was the
only sober one In th«> quartet, and slit?
will b< an important witness, as ih»»
d lodgment in Mc-
Clure's t hi gli sped past her as si
es that sh< \k.is
■ at the fight In the saloon, how
ever, saying a.i the
time. McClure's Injury is slight, and
be up and about in a few days.
Miss Wood r. s - Bt< venson
Late in the afternoon the pris
oners were removed to the City Pr&on.
SANTA FE PREPARING
FOR CONSOLIDATION
MAKING TRAFFIC ARRANGE
MENTS WITH THE S. P.
Sproule and Bissell Will Confer in
New York About Interchange
of Business.
The offlcl - • . Santa Fe are cl
up the preliminaries to the amalgan
of that road with th<- San Joaquin V
md by the time President EUpley re
pe, two month.* f r ..m now
thing will ■ •
• the system as permitted
h >' '■•■■ " ■; the late session of
the Legislatun .
■ The principal rjuestion to be decided is ;
the necessary Interchanging of business
&&* T? c ffi Ou^, hern Pacifl e- and upon this !
point Traffic Manager Bissell of the Santa
Fe and the Southern Paciric people have
been In almost dally .conference. v .. Bis!
Mfio ";"■ Mi bfl ™ uie of th e Southern Pa
cific left this city for New York on
Wednesday night to be in attendance on
the traffic managers' conference to take
Place in that city on the 25th but . and
it is expected that by the time they return
?" f J irrai ,WT ents >. ior interchanging of
traffic will have been completed to the j
satisfaction of both sides. j
~-I*\ c j?m, po^ l !r on has been rendered some
what difficult for the Santa Fe people be
cau £ c u ot l^ c attitude toward tho Yallev
f£ a « that has 'always been maintained by
the Southern Pacific. Mr. Huntington has
never fancied competition, even of a the
jnretlcal . n tU , re / and it came to him
in a practlca form and as an accomplish
; ed fact In the completion of the Galley
Tt°lf he l^fi his T forces to work to stifle
It if he could. He never acknowledged
the existence of the Valley line save in
aggressiveness. He withheld the usual
«\ u ,rte.«ies even in the smallest, and
neither he nor his nephew would ever lend '
\ C V, to « Proposition for the interchanging^
j of traffic either freight or passenger.
Their demeanor changed radically, how- I
ever, when it leaked out that the Califor
nia line was to become a part of and af- '
ford a San Francisco terminal to tlfe !
, Santa Fe and that the existing competi- :
: tion was to become transcontinental rath
!er than local. Negotiations on the differ
ent phases of the question have since
been opened by both sides, and it is con
j fidently expected that it will all have
been settled by the time President Ripley '■
j has returned from his tour of Europe '
I ntil it is settled and the president has
returned nothing more will be done to
ward the final amalgamation of the two
lines under the new law.
' — » ♦ •
Sauer"s Concert.
Emil Saver, the pianist, will give an
! other recital In the Grand Opera-house
tWsafternoon. The Programme, like that i
or Wednesdays concert, is one of versa- I
tile and tactful selection. -
SHIPWRIGHTS'
STRIKE HAS
BEEN SETTLED
Boole & Son Forced
to Give In.
FOREMAN BARNES IS OUSTED
UNION MEN WILL FINISH THE
WORK ON TRANSPORTS.
The Trouble Looked at One Time as
Though It Would End in a
General Strike on the
Front.
The trouble between Boole & Son and
Ipwrights 1 Association has been set
tled by Boole & Son yielding: to the de
mands of the workmen. During yesterday
afternoon the matter threatened to grow
Into a general strike, as the painters and
ealkors joined forces with the ship
wrights and walked out. The Labor "Union
\\a~ going to take up the fight, and the
result would have been a general boycott
on Boole & Son.
Foreman Barnes was the cause of all
the Btrife. Boole employed union men on
all his work, but Barnes bad been b'.ack
listed by the Shipwrights' Association f^r
some breach of union rules, and the men
refused t'.> either work for him or with
him. This was the state of affairs las:
Monday, and ever since Boole has been
trying to get men to till the places of the
Nk. rs. First he rallied for union men
I offered them extra inducements in
er to go to work. Then he advertised
for non-union men. and when they pat in
an appearance the calkers and painters
quit work.
»Ole & Son do nearly all the work on
Jovernment transports, and there are
"rush" jobs on hand just now which
made things very awkward for Boole,
The Leelanaw is being fitted out to carry
to Manila and she was to be r ■ Ldy
II next Monday. The United States
auxiliary cruiser Badger is being got
to carry the Samoan Commission-
Apia, and she also was to be ready
I] on Monday. The strike Btopped
work on these vessels, and Captain How
aril, assistant general superintendent <>f
transports, Dad to Btep In. !!•■ insist
the work being completed, and that
at on.-,, so Boole had to take the only
course out of the dilemma. Barnes disap
from the ships as foreman and
union men will not be asked to work with
him, but he will remain in the employ of
i* Son under full pay in
capacity.
When the calkers and painters walked
■ ■ Join the shipwrights yesterday afl
>n things were lively around 'Main
■ wharf , where the Leelanaw is lying.
After some skirinishincr Boole
in getting fifteen union men to go <1 >wn
■ ■■ ship. .-\s these approached Main
■ wharf they were mci by .t d<
■' strikers and the situation was cx
i to them. They at once joined Is
b ■ a with the strikers, Then a non-union
came along and he was .coin- to
work in spite of all the unions in the
President McConnell of the Ship-
Association did some juiet
mlng with him and he dei I
the union men had right on their sid(
to work. Th( n Capi
rd stepped in and the strike \> .1 s
Work on the Leelanaw and Badger will
now be rushed nlnht ami day and ihe
both of ilum will be ready
by Monday night.
Protest Against the Czar's Acts.
A large nutnbi I Finnish popula
of this city h*-i,i .i mass-meeting tast
night in Sailors' I'nion Hall, corner of
Bast and Mission streets, to i ■:
si the action of the Czar of R
in overthrowing the constitution ol I
mother country. Stirring
made in the English, l'inni.sh a:
languages by Intelligent speakers, a
those \v v -..i address* a the n
Rev. A. Renvalk, A. w. 1 1 nd L.
i 'ar! EJrickson pn sided.
EVERY ^
NUMBER W»
HAS ITS §4s '
MEANING /%/h \
jf7 6 YkPn
I!lJS'!i|!!lwJ_^V. 3M\
•vTe are won- '/111 Oj, \ \o/
derfully made. '1 M>..- •*_] \%
and the mechan- 8 « j- \%
ism of the body 4, m \ ('//
ie most Intricate — 3 m I VA
and delicate. Ev- Tj ' - M ! V 0
cry day men and nly ij
women take the P W\ ,// ,
step toward phy- ' 1 1 //y
sical decline and i • If. •pz
mental suffering. y- 1 " I fli / £
and still they go _^<({v \ /-*
Rbout their dally
duties in ignor- V-^\
ance that such a \ )
step has been - "~*
taken. They oftentimes come to a sad realiza-
tion of it when it is too late to avert the
danger that threatens.
Nervous decline, nervous prostration and all
other diseases of the nervous system come on
insidiously. The symptoms may be only slight
at first, but they are a warning. A person
is apt to think they will wear off, or per-
haps may seek some palliative Just for im-
mediate relief. In a short time the symp-
toms again appear. It is now time for ac-
tive treatment. Palliatives only serve to mask
the disease, the destruction goes on. The
warning may be in the shape of headaches
Fig. 1), which may be throbbing or aching;
hollow eyes (Fig. 2). or you may notice dots
before the eyes; coated tongue (Fig. 3); pal-
pitation of the heart (Fig. 4), weakness in
arms and legs (Figs. 5-8), impaired digestion
(Fig. 6), or pain and weakness in the back
(Fig. 7). Other symptoms that may be present
are twitching of the muscles, nervousness,
lack of energy. loss of appetite, general weak-
ness, sleeplessness and dizzy spells.
If you notice one or more of the above symp-
toms be warned and don't allow yourself to
go on and on until you are a nervous wreck.
A disorder of the nervous system will affect
the entire organism, because the nerves are
distributed to all of the organs of the body.
Your stomach, your liver, your bowels, your
heart, all t*ccme affected In time.
Any disorder of the nervous system calls for
a radical remedy, a remedy that will .reach
the cause of the trouble and correct the various
effects at the same time. Such a remedy Is
Hudyan. Hudyan will remove' the cause; It
will correct the effects. Hudyan will cure
nervous prostration, nervous debility, nervous
weakness, nervous exhaustion. Hudyan will
cure ai; affections of the nervous system. Hud-
yan cures are permanent and lasting.
The success of Hudyan in the treatment ft
all functional and organic chronic diseases
places it above every known remedy available
to the sick and suffering. The action of Hud-
yan is most thorough. Hudyan will cure all
disorders of the stomach, the liver, the kid-
neys, the blood, the nervous stem Hud-
yan makes rich, red blood; It gives «treneth
and vigor.
Hudyan is for sale by druggists— 50c a rack-
age or six packages for X 50. If your drug-
gist does not keep Hudyan send direct to the
Hudyan Remedy Co.. corner Stockton, Ellis
and Market streets, San Francisco, Cai.
You have the privilege of consulting the
Hudyan doctors about your case, free or charge
(."all or write. RCI
MERVITA * wwm VITALITY
t l>it - r ' VMM LOST vigor.
AxrfSt Cures Im AND MANHOOD
■SS^fi diseases, all effects of tell-abuse, or eicesj and
Ipt mciscretioo. A nerve-tank and blood^uilder
**W Brings the cmk glow to pale cheeks and rc^
stores the fire cf youth. By mafl 5O n n~.
W^gl box. 6 boxes for $2.50; with I^£
57"r^P^!£ud.-«r!tee to cure or refund the nicety.
■crvita medical Co., Citatoa & JacSica ttt., Qikaao.
Owl Drug Co.. Sols A«t*. t 1023 Market, S» F.
The kidneys are the sewers
of the body. If out of order
they cannot carry off the body's
impurities and disease surely
follows.
Warner's Safe Cure has
proved for twenty-five years to
be the only reliable corrector of
the kidneys.
If you would avoid spring
sickness, put the kidneys in
order at once.
I
4,204 Sold This Season |
BICYCLES : I
THOS. H. B. VARNEY, Market «l IDth, S. F. i
Open Wednesday & Saturday evenings. CT
Igg^fi^f. A cold is danger-
r&M&i ifaintii. ous - -Utin't let it
J^^S^^-^vX get tho start of you.
wgwr t^^^MK5 > A few doses of my
{PL . ■•' t TiSi l'reak up any form
r|» *3? j&^igir hours and prevent
v 's-^K'^B r *PP t diphtheria
A X^^i 1 *? an(^ pneumonia. It'
\-~**~7amM should be in every
/^^TjHSI. borne and every vest
At all drtUWlstß, 25c. a "»tal. Guide to Health
'■ pn.l Mp.ilrnl M.lvlre frpp 1-VVS A"'* »t_JPMI^
RAILROAD TRAVEL-
California
. Limited
Santa Fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
t Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
.and Wednesday. : - .
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition the Dally
Overland Express.
Ml FRANCISCO TICKETIffICE— HI MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN' 15SL
, Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAIOaHX
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O. •9:30. 11:00 a. m.; n:«w
«:«. 6:15, »6:00. «:S0 p. m. -
j EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
i **>*. Wednesday! and Saturdays at 11:» p. ax.
I SUNDAYS- »8:00. 10:0», ni:3o a. m. ; I.H.
; 1:00. «4:JO. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
| FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FKANCISOOt
WEEK DAYS -5:25. »6:IB. 7:45. »S:JO a, n».j
; li.iO, 2:20. «3:45. 5:03 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
1 and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS - 6:20, *S:00. 10:00. ni:ss a, a».,
! •1:15. •S-.10. 4:40. «6:20 p. m. *
i Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
I FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN j~RANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«: 45, 6:46. 7:55. 9:40 a. iT;
i U:ss. !:45. »:50. 6:20 p. m. • *
EXTRA TRIPS an Mondays, Wednesdays
' and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B*O. 10:05 a. m.; 12:06. 1:10. 3:* L
i »:0C «:20 p. m. ~*
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:t0 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'na,
1:48 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Ml Us and war
•tatlons.
j 1:00 a-m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and war sta'a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
_ From Jan. 28. 1599. trains will run as follows!
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. p a «s«o?
DalW Sunday SUtions. Sunday ||?^
r Da »y- Exc-ptd ■ Exo- pid ! Dally.
7:20 am 10: SO am. Stockton 3:46 pml 6:00 pea
is I??™ V?, pm Merced «:«pm 4MpS
10.40 am, 7 : « Pm Freeno 9:JO am 2:42 pro
11:S| am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:46 am 1 l:« pS
&ni H'-n*™ B:^ 6rBfl el<l J:OoamU:oOa^
i \l-tl J^ S : JS pmi v »»all» 8:40 am: 1:21 pa
13.18 pm 6:63 p m Tulara 1 6:60 ami 1:05 pej
Stopping at lntsrmedlaU points as required '
InV^f W^?"}*™ of stage and other connection*
52IiL o l Cr^} c MaaagWs O«c«. in Market
BUY A FARM FOR SILVER
AND SELL THE PRODUCTS FOR
GOLD.
YOU CAN DO IT IN
MEXICO,
1 RAISING COFFEE. ORANGES. : BANANAS
AND CATTLE.
THE MEXICAN CENTRAL STAND-
ARD GAUGE RAILWAY
Reaches ail the important points in the Re-
public.
Excursion tickets, limited nine months from
aate of sale, may be purchased at any rail-
road ticket office.
j Address the undersigned for descriptive mat-
; ter. Including "Facts and Figures About Mex-
ico, mailed free.
„ ,• C. E. MINER,
General Western Agent, room 209 Houser build-
In*, St. Louis, Mo.
W. D. MURDOCK,
As»t. Gen" 1 Pass. Agt.. City of Mexico.
_ .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto Terry.)
Lear* San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— S:oo. 10:00, 11:80 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill -/alley. »L
' THOa e&OK & -SON/ A*snu, CD Mark*
i ■Jawti. 6H Fi»bclsw»
BAILKO AJj TBAVEL. l }
KOVTIIDIiX I'ACIFH €O3irA»T.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trula* lenvf ttntl nr« tine Co arrive »i
NAN IK4M IS<<>.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From April 9, 1899. — arrive
•6:00 a Nile*. San Jose and Way Stations... *8:43»
7:00 a. lienicla, Siiiaun and Sacramento .. 5i45r-
?:00a MarysTille, Orovilleaud ReddloK Tia
Woodland 5:48p
7:00 Elmira, Vacaville ana Rumsey 8:45,
7:30 a Martiner, San Kimon, Vallejo, Napa,
CalUtoga ami Santa Rosa 6tlsi»
8:00 a Atlantic ExpreßS, Ogden and East.. 8:43*
8i»»a .San .lose. LiTermore, Stockton,
lone Sacramento, Flacerrllle,
MarysTille. C'hico, Ked Bluff 4i1.1p
S:3Oa *Milton, Oakdale and Bonora 4:13?
9:00 a Martinez, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno ltilsp
9iooa EVesno, Bakeralielil, Santa Barbara,
Lob Angeles. Deming, El Paso,
New Orleacs and East «:45ji
I O:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:43*.
12:0031 >'iles, Lirermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford. Vlaalla,
PcrterTille .f :IBl>
•I:00p Sacramento Klrer Steamers # 8:00p
4:««p Martiuei:, San Kamoii, Vallejo,
Kapa, Oalißtdg*. Santa Koea »il3*
4toopßenicia, VacaTllle, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarysTille, OroTille.... 1«:45*.
4:3 OpT, T Ues, San Jose and Stockton 7:13?
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond lt:15i»
5:OOP-The Owl. Fresno, Bakersfield, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 8:43 \
•JSiOOp Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso.
Fort Worth, Little Bock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East -18:43*
5:80p Stockton, Merced. Fresno l»:15p
3:30p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and l.os Angeles S<43a
SiSOp Santa Ke Route. Atlantic Express
for Moja»« and Cast 6:43*
«:OOr Knroptan Mall, Og<len and Kast.... 9:45 a
6:00p Haywards, Kiles and San Jose 7«43 a
•O:OOp Vallejo 1 8:1 *
7ioor Oregon K«i>rciw, Sacramento, Marys-
villo, Redding, Portland. Puget
Hound and Kast 7i4»A
l«:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions Jl 0 :■■» Of
flO:O3p Sunset Limited. Freimo, I. O s
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East tll4B>
SAN LEAXDIIO AM) HAYWAKDS IX)CAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 MelrOHe, Seminar)- Park, ( 6:* 3 a.
K:OOa Kltchnurir, Klmliurst, C1»":I3a.
<U:OOa ban l.pamti 0. South San (*9i4Sa
IO.OOA Leandro, K«tuilillo, 10:43 v
i11:OOa Lorenzo, Cherry ■ «1Ix«a
t»:OOp and * 12:«3p
2 :O " P HaTnards '* : *?
"••* i Runs through to Niles. «hi:
) t From Miles. ( I**99
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (Jause).
(Foot of Market Street.)
J7:43a Santa Cruz Excursion foe Santa "
Cruz and Principal Way Stations }St©3»
■ Newark. Sao Joae.Fcltou,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Buttons 3:30*
15* Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •10:30*
4:1 5p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
ftions 9:20 a,
&4:I8p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tions , / oi2o A,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. .
ton SIX FRIHCISCO— F»ot or Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 ll:0il».w. {1:00 *2:03 13:38
•1:00 ts:ofl '8:00 r.M.
from 01IU1ID— foot of Brci«w»y. — «6:00 8:00 IOOOi.w.
tl3:00 *1:00 ta:OO '3:00 ti:o3 *8:03r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
•6:10 a South BanFranci»co *8:3O^ 1
•7:OOa San Jose am. Way Stations (New <
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:HOs>
}7:8Oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pucitis GroTe and
Principal Way Stations :9:33t»
•iO*a San Jose. Tres Piuoi. s*nta Cruz,
Pacilic Grove Paso Hobles, San
Luis Obispo, Gnadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:lf»r
I«:4Oa San Jose and Way Stations •■:OO^
I1:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations StBopi
•2i43p San Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
Gilroy, Holllster. Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
(Jro»e '10:3b 4.
•8: SO p San Jose and Way Stations •9:«0a,.
•4tlsp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 4:
*3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:30 v.
3:»Op San Jose Principal Way Stations *S:33a.j
6:itOp San Joee and Way Stations T:3«i«
•Hl:4sp San Jose and Way Stations 7:30^
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. J Sunday only. + Saturdays onljy
■^Mondays only. (Saturday and Suniaj.
J Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. C(V
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry, Foot of Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL,
WEEK I.> AYS— 9:t«, 11:00 a. m ; 18:33
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trioj
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:54'
and 11:30 p. m.
BXJNDATB— 9:30. 11:0* a, \,i 1:80, i *L-
-6:00, 6:20 p. m. ..-.-.,• ' ~
SAN RAFAEL TO SA> T FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— o:W, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:45^
3:40. 5:16 p. m. Saturdays— trlpa s4
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40. 11:1» a. m. : 1:40, 3:40 E So. -
-■ 6:25 p. m. .:,•-■ (
Between San Francisco and Schuetz-n Pax*'
came schedule as above.
■ j
Leave 1 j Arrive
San Francisco. , la Effect ' San Francisco. ,
> , 1 April IS. ; i •
Week Sun- l»&9. Sun- Week !
Day*. ; days. Destination. days. , Days. j r
■ 7:10 to 8.-00 am' Xovato. 10:40 am' 8-40 an»
3:30 pm| 9:30 am. Petaluma. r «:)f pm!lO-J5 an*
6:10 pm, 6:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7;35 pmj 6:20 pi^
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10 25 aal
Healdsburg-. ' "
Ly:-
Geysen-ille.
8:80 pm. 8:00 am, Gloverdale. T:35 pir. Brrl
7:30 am ; ' j Hopland and "~ !l9» ar»
S ,30 pm | 8:00 a-n Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 p: a
7:30 am ~~ Iw"is „ i
; 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pin
830 m j_ I «:» P
7:30 am S:00 am Sonoma |lO:40 am S:4O ar^
6:10 m! 5:00 pmj- Glen^Ellen. { 6:05 pm i:Mpri
J. : am ! f :00 am Sebastopol. '10:40 am 10 :tS am
».30pm| 5:00 pm: 1 7:35 pm, «:D0 pra
Stages connect at Santa R ->. for MartTwes"t
Eprtngs and White Sulphur Sprinps; at Lyt: -
lor Lyuon Springs; at Geyseri-ille for Skaegl
Bprin^; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at H:-p«
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprtnfrs.
Kelseyvtlle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay Lak~
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichr
FTrtr.p Saratoga Sprinfrs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs.. Upper Lake. Pom*,
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Uerleys
, Bucknell s. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvil!^,
Boonevllle, Phllo, , Christine, Soda Spring.
r!5V ar T r T o> Whitesboro. Albion. Little R!v«r.
; Orr s Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bra?*.
I Westport. Caal. Willitts. Laytonvillf. Cun-
wir.g's. Bell> Springs. Harris. Olsens, Dj*r.
Bcotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets si
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip ticket* to a".: pols:*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
; Ticket Of3c«i. 650 Market St., Chronicle Nte
H. C. WHITING. -R X. RYAN
General Manager. Gen. Pass. AjentJ
—^^___^___ _. m
Weak Men and Women
♦Should CSK damiasa BITTERS. TH3
-Tl.*lf at Mexican remedy; gives hexlta an 4
\ »U«BsU Vt ttxuai cmvi, Scpvh Hi lUrathFANCIERS ARE PREPARING FOR THE
FORTHCOMING KENNEL CLUB SHOW
PROMINENT CANDIDATES AMONG THE BIG FELLOWS FOR CHAMPIONSHIP HONORS ON
THE BENCH.
THE ual bench show of San Francisco Kennel Club draws near, and all the fash
■ cal fanciers are being placed in the best possible conditio
■ hundred for last year's show will be cast In the
■:■ expect over seven hundred this year. Entries will ck.se on Sun
: Mechanics' Pavilion will ho thrown open to the public on Wednes
■ •-• show but a pleasant memory of other years, the dog show has a firm
the public and is expected to attract both an appreciative and a large at
ible rendezvous for the last four days of next week.
■ . . ■ - representing the most prominent classes owned on this coast.
■ ii to the number of fanciers. In St. Bernards, greyhounds, fox terriers
■ petition with any other locality. F. H. Bushnell'a champion
Prince Jr. has made the round of Eastern bench shows, winning repeatedly from the
put forth in competition. He will be entered for exhibition only, but his sports
re] resentatlves in the lists.
be represented by a score of collies, including Heather Mint. Heather Molly
DOWNFALL OF
DR. SHEPPARD
A SURPRISE
A Prohibitive Choice
in the Betting.
FEBRUARY WAS OVERLOOKED
FINISHED FIRST AT ODDS OF 50
TO 1.
Three Favorites Beaten at Oakland.
An Off Day With a Light Crowd
in Attendance — Three Fav
orites in Front,
Two or three people, regular attend
ants at the racetrack, who hacked the
fast filly February to win one day last
March overlooked her chances yesterday
at Oakland. These quaint, plodding folk
■were Just a month too soon. She captured
the fifth event, and a pleasant, affable
b<utor could get 50 to 1 against her. All
the mare was asked to beat was Dr.
Sh^ppard and six other lessor lights. By
the way, the Docor ruled a. 1 to 3 chance
and was outfooted from the start by both
the winner and Harry Thoburn. Feb
ruary was piloted by "Monk" Coburn and
led Thoburn and the favorite past the
videos in the order mentioned in fast
time. Pohurn Is a popular and very ca
pable knight of the pigskin, but m
his mounts have been confined to the
railing of the outside fence. However,
after 'fl ;''-rtormance he should
.•• . t demand, for th<> lad managed
To extract much more speed from the
daughter of St. Carlo than did Eddie
pr< etl< 'rt.
This was the only real bonbon popped
during the day. The card was a r
md the attendance below the aver-
Favorites were on three occasions
--ful.
>;■::.- captured th<^ <Jebhardt
but Freddy was not present to Bee
ilt do it. Nothing to beat but Silver
Tail, he won easily, starting a Mo 20
The race for two-year-olds that had
ted filled so abundantly that It
n starting In the first di-
Burfeit, a Bassetlaw youngster,
■ •. i favorite, but he was a
k-jumping than anything
■ ■ factor. Esto C, a
• j Cyclone, won easily, with her
rus Bill, a colt by the
Mulshing second. Fifteen to 1
■ t the win;
In • : Bprint for members of the
d : [on the Ormonde-Santa
sported silk for the first time.
work caused her to be
inn favorite and she won with
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■B!
ft Lame Back Cured.
.gfif/vlk, HNCE MORE MY WAY OF TREATING
/*fj&S§E£i#TCHs^ lama back is victorious. It his cured after all
£m^^^^m other known means have failed. It is th- only rem-
Is%sffiW2xs3 edy that will give actual strength to the weak puts
WMtmF and brace up the nerves and muscles; hence it cures
P* g^BV quickly when all else f;.ils. Re .d this letter:
*^^ A Permanent Cure.
fISMfiMnH DR MA. MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: About thr"e months
IT: M A McLAT'OHLIN -Tiear Sir: About thr^e months
EtHvs2?tt-^3 apo I commenced the use 'if your Belt, having suffered from
&3W£#S3S>« pain in the back and general debility, a.s well as loss of appe-
W&^VJs3&£ nt " for several years. The pain in m v back was so severe
fS&SfZf rail -especially If I rat upon a chair and suddenly arose-lt folt
vSsm WE & '■'" if my back was b^eakine in two. I wore the Belt as you
to; W&W advised and in ten days began to feel a general improvement
ffiWJ F'**^ In nil my symptoms, and now I can say that lam entirely
Ki£A M?a cured. My appetite and general health have also improved. I
.Si, /£s?» will cheerfully recommend the Heit to all pufferer*.
j^« ' »%S c - L - DRIEFER, 828 Minnesota street.
w W Is Your Back Lame: or. Weak?
ffl W. Don't suffer any more. Call and see this Brit and
i^ JR^.l^1 1 test ' ts P° wer i or ' ct m: sen you my booK about
dr. m. A. MCLAUGHLIN; SEnD FOR my book,
702 Market St., cor. Kearny. S. F. " THREE CLASSES OF MEN."
Or 204H South Broadway. Los Angeles.
Office Hours— a. m. to 8:30 p. m. ; Sundays. IT IS MAILED FREE.
10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
out effort from Druidess, a daughter of
The Bard.
A six furlong sprint followed, for which
Una Colorado and Cavallo closed equal
favorites in the betting. The latter horse
made all the running, but lost ground in
the run home and was led out by
Meadow Lark, the third choice.
The final six furlong run went to Hor
ton, the favorite. Amasa led for a time,
but stopped, as usual. The first choice
then disposed of Sly without effort.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Five furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
761 Lomo 106 1 963 Smyle 101
969 Sierra Blanco. .loß 998 McPryor 106
732 Mocorlto 101 896 Gmcias 101
'■ 991 Jim Brownell.,lo6 969 .-:•■ Lark 104
526 Petrarch .. 1% $96 Roadwartner 108
1006 Mel. Burnham.lo6 854 Little T 0 101
994 Jim Bozeman-.IOS 1006 Paul Kruger...loS
569 Santa Lucia 104 I
Second Race— Six furlongs ; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
70S Bessie Lee..... .104 j 1006 Schnitz 112
995 Jerilderio 107! 957 Nilhau 104
922 Joe Cotton 103 < 810 Roulette Whee I■»
IPOB Melkarth 106 977 Cyaro .. . 106
995 ■i»no :iO3 BS6 The Last 111 <
950 The Plunder.... 199 978 Colonial Dame. lo4
Third Race — Four furlongs; two-year-olds.
981 Moana 90 1000 Catulua 93 .
891 Rose of H110...100j 987 The Scot .. 100
833 The CallfornlanlOO 952 Bathos 118
921 Flamora 110 9*7 Galene 90
(10«nGusto 113 993 Miss Vera 100
<987)N'ed Dennis 103 993 Lorelio ... 90
933 Orplment WO 1000 Champion Rose 90
Fourth Race — One and a sixteenth rr,il»?: Bell
ing: three-year-olds and upward.
£62 Don Va11ej0....107> 1001 Guilder 108
(9sS)CaßUke 103; 988 Hnhenznllern ..110
996 Cros?mollna ... 95 984 Major Hooker.. 103
*97 Rapldo 107! 9SS rennle Reid S9
979 Rosinante 1051 949 Moringa 106
982 Opponent 103 947 Robert Bonner.lo7
981 Einstein 103
Fifth Race— One mile; mares; four-year-olds
and upward; selling.
954 Bonnie 10ne. ...1081 975 Rosem&ld 108
(990) Recreatlon ...108 I 997 Bon Ito 106
• 985 Lost Girl 112 i 988 Glen Anne 10S
991 Alicia 112 i (956)D010re 112
Sixth Race — furlongs; three-year-olds and
ur> ward.
BS4 Sevoy 1131 997 Naranja ... 107
969 Alvero 109 (977)Thyne 113
786 Pongo 101 90S Crawford 103
998 Bliss Rucker...lO3 978 University 109
991 Malnbar US' 960 Henry C 109
(1008) February 107 997 Fleming 106
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Roadwarmer, Little T G, Gracias.
Second Schnltz, Jerilderio, Colonial
Dame.
Third Race — CatulUß, Ned Dennis, Gusto.
Fourth Race— Roainante, Opponent, Jennie
Reid.
Fifth Race— Recreation, Lost Girl, Dolore.
Sixth Race— Rucker, Crawford, Fleming.
REIS GOES UNPUNISHED.
Charge of Assault to Murder Against
Him Dismissed for Lack of
Prosecution.
The charge of assault to murder against
Christian Reis Jr. for shooting William
B F'ardy in the office of the Pacific States
Building and Loan Company, 410 Pine
or February 3 last, because Pardy
had mao> a slighting remark about bis
slm's. was dismissed by Judge 'Mogan
rday, after being- continued from
timt- to time.
Policeman Duano, who swore to the
complaint. =ald lie did so on Information
and belief, as he did not see the shooting,
rney McPike made a statement that
Pardy had shaken hands with Reis. being
satisfied that at the time of the (mooting
Reis was laboring under a delusion and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1899.
and other celebrated ones, bred either at Verona or Imported from Scotland.
In the accompanying illustration are shown some of the big fellows which will be benched next
Wednesday. Mrs. E.V. Beck's Montana Queen and Dr. Regensburger's, widely known St. Bernard
.will attract the attention of all interested in these big, good-natured brutes, while Charles Dres
ser's Great Dane. Bell, will strike- terror to the youngsters with his deep bark, for which dogs of
that breed are noted. Then there will he silken-haired terriers and other pets of the boudoir lor the
ladies and children to admire. In addition there- will be fox terriers, which are always ready to be
petted or to frolic with visitors so far as their chains will permit. J. B. Martin's kennel, the repre
sentatives of which are known the world over, will be strongly represented. Dr. Frederick' W.
d'Evelyn, also a fancier of dogs of this breed, will enow Defender,' a celebrated dog recently Im
ported by him. ' , '. ' . ' - -.V,
The officials of the Fox Terrier Club have offered six medals to be awarded the winners in that
class, and other specialty clubs are taking the same action. This increases the prize list materially.
In addition to the large number of gold and silver medals there will be silver cups and the usual
cash, prizes.
_ _ » — -■ . m-* •— at •"• mr\ *<*■. »-i a/> «/-. — .-. _.—
was not responsible for his acts. Tardy
would no; prosecute the case. He did not
■ to be in contempt of coilrt, but
would not appear unless forced to.
The Judge Bald In the circumstances lie
had no other recourse but to dismiss the
case, and it was bo ordered.
Valley Lodge Anniversary.
Valley Lodge of the Ancient Order of
I United Workmen was twenty-one years
old Wednesday, and the membership,
i which numbers more than 700, celebrated
the event by a ball and entertainment
j griven under the auspices of the social club
of the lodge. The committee on entertain
ment, which selected Laurel Hall In the
Shiels building In which to give the af
fair, discovered that it had made a mis
take in securing too small a haJl, for hun
dreds of ladies and gentlemen were turned
• away, unable to secure even standing
room. There was presented for the enter
tainment of members and guests a well-
I arranged programme of musical and lit
erary numbers contributed by Mesdames
I Edward Kleist. J. Turner Barton and
i George Bellinger; Misses Bellinger, Mord
| horst, Mabel Aherns, Anna E. Xevers and
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Thursday, April 20, 1809.— Seventy-fifth
day of the Winter Meeting- of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track fast.
JOSEPH A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge.
JAMES B. FERGUSON. Starter.
1004
FIRST RACE— Three and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse. $350.
Index. Horse.
idex. Horse. Weight. St.
... Esto C 110 2
... Bogus Bill 113 1
... La Borgia 110 5
... Devereux 113 4
... St. Felicity 110 3
... .-felt 110 8
... May Gertrude 112 9
... Julietto 110-' 6
... Canoelo 113 7
Weight.
_4m_
Vim.
4m.
%m.
Str.
1 h
4 4
5 2
3 h
2 4
6 2
7 3
8 14
9
I I Betting.
Fin. ' Jockeys. [Op. Cl.
1 3 [Glover I 6 15
2 n -.Romero j * | *
3 4 Jenkins 6 6
4 1 Harris , 10 4"
5 1 E. -tones j 3 4
fi 3 'Ruiz I 5-2 16-5
7 3 'Macklin ! 2 3
8 I Hal Brown... 6 12
9 J. Reiff [ 6 7
•Coupled with Esto C.
Time 3-16, :184; 7-16, :43. Winner, A. L. and S. H. Capps' b. f. by Cyclone-Potete. Good
start. Won first three driving.
Winner was ridden out. Surfeit very green.
Scratched— Callina 110.
IOO^ SECOND RACE-Three and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $350.
■-■'.: v. '■:'.- ■■-■.■'.,■:..■■'■. v ■■:■ i.:...'.' . -■ ■'■-'■\ •".'' ■-*■••■ .'■■ -* ■" ■ ■' •*-" -.-
•:
Index. Horse.
Betting.
Op. CI.
Weight.
4m.
4 m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
... Oremus 110 3 ... ... ... 2 4 In Piggott 1-2 7-10
... Druidess 110 1 ... ... ... 11 2 8 E. Jones i 4 7-2
... Expedient 110 4 ... ... ... 3 2 3 6 Raymond .... 20 50
... Rurio 113 2 ... ... ... 4 1 4 1 Jenkins ; 10 15
... Jolly Briton 110 6 ... ... ... 6 1 51 . Clover j 10 25
... Fernet If. 6 ... ... ... 5 1 6 2 Ames | 10 15
... tbbylelx L ii 2: 7 ... ... ... 7 7 I Macklin I 10 10
Time— 3-16, :IS4; 7-16. :43. Winner, C. L. Fair's b. f. by Imp. Ormonde-Santa Cruz. Poor
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Oremus won at leisure. Druidess was tip-toed from start. Others bad.
Scratched— San Tomas 113.
1006
THIRD RACE— furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
~ I
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.!
Betting.
Op. Cl.
Vim.
4m.
4m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
1 .
990 Meadow Lark, a.... 109 2 ... 4 1 3 X 2 4 In E. Jones '5-2 3
975 Cavallo. 5 109 j 5 ... 2 1 214 1 h 224 Hahn 2 18-5
942 Una Colorado, a... .109(1 ... 51 51 4 1 31 Jenkins 1 3 13-5
995 Cardwell, 8 112 3 ... 14 lh 3 4 414 IPiggott 1 4 5
851 Sennits, a — 1121 4 ... 31 44 5 2 52 iHyland 23 100
990 Paul Kruger. 4 109 3 ... 73 73 73 63 Bassinger .-..' BO 100
969 Melvin Burnham, 4.109 6 ... 6 4 6 3 '8 1 7 2 ißoullier 50 50
■■ Baliverso. 4 1071 7 ... 8 8 8 8 |W. Narvaez. . 50 150
Time— 4. :ffi; 4. :4!>4: 4, 1:16. Winner. William Boots & Son's br. g. by imp. Brutus-
Nabette. Good start. Won first three driving. * .-.?:;.■
Meadow Lark hard ridden from the start, Cavallo had all the best of It. Cardwell
blew up. .-;..•.';.
1007
FOURTH RACE— Futurity course; two-year-olds;
82000.
the Gebhard Stakes; value,
Index. Horse.
Weight. [
Vim.
Vim.
4m.
Str.
Fin.
itlng.
CI.
1
(PSI) Golden Rule 122 1
(970) Silver Tall 110 4
980 Pidalia 102 3
9C4 " Inyah 118 -
1 14
2 h
4
a h
1 4
2 14
4
3 h
1 3
. 24
3 2
4
1
1 3 Plggott
2 4 Jenkins |
3 3 Coburn [
. 4 (E. Jones !
I 2-5 9-20
2 7-2
50 200
I 8 7
Time— To 4. :214: to 4. :46; last 4. 1:084; short 4, 1:134- Winner, E. -Corrlgan's eh
g. by Imp. Golden Garter-Lucille Murphy. Fair start. Won easily. Second and third driv-
ing.
Golden Rule had nothing to beat. Winyah was Interfered with by Pidalia, or she would
have been third.
Scratched— Raeetto 102. Miss Vera 102.
|f-|^-|j2 FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
— " I : j
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St. Vim. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. ISt. Vim. 4m. 4m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl!
969 February. 6 — ...... 9414 ... 2 1 14 2 4 11 Coburn ~ 20 *5
944 Harry Thnburn. 5.. 96 8 ... 14 2 2 14 2 4 Bassinger .... 10 ' 8
(095) Dr. Sheppard, -"> 124 1 ... 3 1 32 3 1 3 8 Piggott 1-3 7-20
882 Melkarth. 4 9713 ... 4h 43 43 42 Gray 40 30
997 Grady, 6 102 8 ... 8 ■ 5 1 5 1 54 Jenkins 6 6
997 • Ringmaster, 5 96 7 ... 8h 8 6 2 6 5 I Romero 100 100
990 Polish, 5....; 102 8 ... 7 3 6 4 7 5 710 Frawley ."..... 30 60
992 Royal 'Fan. 3... 80| 5 ... oh 7 4 8 8 Hal 8r0wn.... 60 80
■ Time— 4, :25; 4- :^ L «- 1:144- Winner. J. S. Gibson's eh. m. by St. Carlo-Sister to
Ruth Ryan. Good start. Won first three driving.
February suddenly became good. The Doctor was outfooted and lacked gameness. Grady
had no speed. Polish failed to shine.
Scratched— Novla 104- :■ ■*
Vim.
4m.
4m. .
. Str.
1009
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
i— —-—___________
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
958 Horton. 3 HO 6
895 Sly. 5 1191 7
974 Amasa. 4 112 1
849 Ann Page. 3 105 5
882 Sir Urlan. 3 110 4
887 Nebula. 5 '....109 3
... Benroe, 4 121 ! 2
994 Polka. 3 107 *
:.
4m.
...
4m.
4m.
4 h
5 4
1 6
6 2
7
24
3 2
4m.
4 m.
2 1
6 1
1 5
5 1
7
3 1
4 4
4 m.
Str.
2 3
3 4
1 4
8 4
6 2
4 1
7
Str.
■ ' J Betting.
Fin. I Jockeys. Op. Cl.
114 Ruiz 6-5 6-5
2 4 Snider c 10
3 5 Plggott 8-5 S-5
4 h Hahn '. 20 40
5 4 Glover 12 50
610 lE. J0ne5...... ! 5 7
,-•7 0. G. Wilson ! 30 60
(Jenkins j 10 30
•Left. -r ..,-..•-
Time— Vi. :24: 4, :484; 4. 1:15. Winner. E. F. Smith's eh. c. by El Rayo-Fusillade's
Last. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Horton received a superb ride. -Amasa stopped. Sly finished gamely and was well rid-
den. Nebula ran a disappointing rare. , . , : -  - 5j .-.-,' -»> --
Scratched— 97, Midas 114, Correct 100, Kamsin 12L
Kreth, and Messrs. John F. Murphy, E.
A Blnokman and W. J. Hall.
\t the close of the programme there
was dancing, which was kept up until
midnight. The very pleasant affair was
under the direction of M. J. Blackman.
S. H. Jenner, J C. Sharp. J. F. Murphy.
F. Michelson, Dr. Clark, Dr. Gruning and
C. E. Thurston.
Inspector Erwin to Return.
Major Munro, Postal Inspector in Thief,
received s letter yesterday from Inspector
Brwin, at Havana. Cuba, announcing that
on Sunday next the writer would start
for this city. Mr. Brwin has been In Cuba
for several' months organizing the postal
system of the island on American lines.
Adjourned Out of Respect.
Judge Morrow yesterday adjourned the
United States Circuit Court oui of respect
to thf memory of the late Congressman
Hilborn. The deceased had acted as Unit
ed Siates Attorney in that court from ISS3
To 1887.
"99" Cleveland bicycles, $40 and $50; "99" 1
Crescents, $35. Leavitt & Bill. 3u9 Larkin.*
"POP" SWETT
SIGNS WITH
UNCLE HANK
Will Again Don the
Air Package.
JOY FOR THE LOCAL CRANKS
REPORT THAT SACRAMENTO
WILL NOT SECURE HARVEY.
Oakland's New Grounds Are to Be
Opened With a Regular League
Game Next Sunday Morn
ing.
The California League is organized on
good lines this season, with six evenly
matched clubs, and the teams are playing
higher class ball than has ever been
played on the coast this early in the sea-
Ffin. No better evidence of the evenness
<if the league clubs for championship hon
ors is necessary than the result of last
Sunday's game in San Francisco. Had
the locals won the game they would be
at the head of the list and Watsonville
at the tail end. As the result of the
game was reversed, the Watsonvilles are
now leaders and the San Franciscans tail
enders. the other four teams all being
tied for second place. This forecasts a
hot struggle and an even race during the
season, with every game bitterly con
tested. Following is the percentage of the
teams:
|_||_i|_H_>oi_H_l'ti ~i
\ < p IB X \ 5 ! P *! . - t
_-|_|]_-El3"<|«
CLUBS. %g§Ql7 : f iM
r ' '' ' i f : 'I '
Watsonvllle ... 0 110 2(4 7 1.571
Sacramento 0 ... 0 2 0 l 3 6 .500
San Jose 1 0 ... 0 2 0 3 6 .500
BantS Cruz 0 2 0 ... 1 0 316 .500
Oakland 0 0 2(0 ... 1 3| 6 i.500
San Francisco.... 3 11 I 0 I 0 10 1... 1 3 | 7 1.429
Lost ' 3 ! 3 | 3 ] 3 1 3 i 4 j. ..)...|. ■ ..
"Pop" Swett. the old-time favorite with
the local Bhouters, has been drawn Into
the game again after four years' retire
ment, and has been signed by Harris as
catcher. This settles the receivership for
the San Franciscos, for with Swett in
anything like his old form he will make
the best of them hustle to keep in his
class. Swett was first brought into the
professional ranks by Harris, who signed
him to catch for the old Havorlys in
l^vs 89. Prior to that he had been playing
with semi-professional and amateur
teams here, this being his native town.
In 1890 "Top" caught for the Bostons,
but returned to California at the close of
tho season, and for the next three yean
wore the mask for the San Franciscos.
In 1804 and IS9- r > he caught for Nashville,
in the Southern league, and since then
he has devoted his attention to private
pursuits. At present Swett. although in
the best of health and strong as an ox, is
about thirty pounds overweight, but he
has already gone into active training and
every morning takes a fifteen or twenty
mile fog out to the Cliff and along the
beach. In the afternoons he is the first
member of the team to show up for prac
tice and is rapidly getting into form. His
;irm is strong and his throwing to base
is sure. Swett will not participate In this
week's series at Sacramento, as it will
tnko him about ten days to get into per
fect condition; but will go into the game
against Srin Jose on the 24th.
That the local team has been badly
handicapped so far this season was ap
parent to all after Sullivan went behind
the bat last Sunday. His catching and
throwing were in marked contrast to
Hartman's work, and with Swett in the
team the locals ought to make a hot com
bination. After the change last Sunday
the team braced up and played a won
derfully fast game, but it was too late
to avert defeat. Sullivan will do the
catching this week.
It requires some little time for the old
timers like Borchers and Harper to get
down to their best work. Both of these
pitchers have been in harness about
twelve years and their muscles are not as
f-upple as the youngsters'. In a month
from now, however, they will hit their
proper gait, and then most of the "kids"
will receive some valuable lessons in tho
art of twirling. • .
Cal Ewing has signed Russell as change
pit.her for Oakland and hereafter will
play Mosklman permanently at first.
Donovan and Hammond, who were In
jured In the last game Oakland played
here, have recovered and reported for
duty. The team will have Its regular
men Saturday and Sunday.
Borland, who has been playing left field
THE EMPORIUM. ; THE EMPORIUM.
******************^
* Quinio Z>2n/,w||ir FBdDtfkß^lß l A^ Mailorders
* the barytone, I ll[ IW"VICH|||(B A7/«?J a«J J
J s/«^s /wr<; Sat- p ™ Oolrfen Rule Baxaar." s/w^fd tt« J
J urday. night. t^ l^s l m in^^ tK^ cumsi r^ day received. *
I/^ . o^l^ I
J >7 c ALL-DAY -~/L-S 1
» // Op£c/al Sales — // J
i U *
#, On Bargain Friday. i Desirable Friday Bargain in %
I $1.00 and $1.50 Swiss Taffeta. X
{ GIOVeS 43C. ; 23-inch Black Swiss Taffeta— extra *
* The lines of sizes in these Ladies' !!!sW^V'f ?° h t? d I" 8 '""? ~ SU " «
♦ Gloves are broken. We have only 6% 7, J?^ fin l sh and a black -made spe- +
* 7« and 7* sizes in this lot, but if you ?f y !°\ Bnm . m?r ..year-suitable for «
{ wear eithe?of these siz,s the best of J^ kir % and hlrt wa,sts-our re - J
i glove bargains awaits you to-day. J,"^ 0 yard uaht y- sale price to-day «
» There are 2-clasp, 4-button and hook kid *dl ' £G \
♦ and Suede Gloves — pearl, cream, butter | — > <4>
» color or white-former values $1 and ; splendid Sale of {Materials for 1
* $l.oo— to-day, while lot lasts; 49c r J *
5 ■ Sash Curtains. J
♦ _ _ „.. m • . . 36-inch Madras for Sash Curtains— *
* TWO lilS, Friday Bargains til blue, green and gold— fine flower and vine ♦
J fAUfalnif Hf>n 9 i patterns— a pretty material for sash and *
i UCWCff JT M*93g* ■* short curtains— will wash or boil and re- i
» r~^ j Sterling Silver tain its color— our regular price 15c yard 2
♦ r.^ r^ j Sterling Silver tain its color— our only price loc WO 2
A Waist Sets ~ 925 ' j ~ 3ale PriCe Frlday ° nly W ° *
'* I e&c^fj) 1000 fine, 4 large ~~"
J S* <g, buttons with Bargain Friday Specials for ♦
♦ I _J dumbbell links- 1 Baseball Players. ♦
♦ 4 different styles, one of gg***^ Lively Rocket Baseballs, the regulation *j
£ which is shown in picture — weight, 5' 4 ounces — 1-ounce rubber cen-
* fair value at 75c set— spe- '?>s{. ! ter— horsehide cover-regularly 25c
J dai to-day only at 420 J£S£4 ! ea^ h - S P ec ' al %** ° nl -I at V f c ?
♦• oo _ " , A  M ' Second Growth A«h Bat— regulation «i
» 33 Goblets— lo different WfW size— regularly 35c each— special to-day «
* styles — guaranteed best jr lat • 100 ♦
£ quality quadruple silver 1| — — JJ.
♦ plate— prices regularly l^ For Friday Onlv — Another ♦
I special to d day $2 onT y .. c \ Percale Bargain. |
♦ ' The standard 12^c makes of Percales 2!
* not an old pattern among them, but -^
5 Another Big Special in np to date— lavender. French blue, etc. — ■#
r f%uSS»im.**wm9*> Of> MM » stripes in jaunty desirable styles— there ♦
J UniWren S %>nOeS. \ are but 86 pieces, and they will be ♦
#> Our special shoe offer- I uick sellers at to-day's special price. ♦
♦ <f <r t2§}£P ings get better and better y ar " - So
5 T'.^^^ — don't miss this one: — +
♦ V-.'-V-W Children's Vici Kid Lace Bargain Friday' <; Great ♦
A it"' -'••A. an(^ Button Shoes, like, m. - *%jcjt *
♦ /vj:'-''-'''^^ cut dotted silk vesting; rtosiery utter. 4
* (^V''j!^>^ cloth tops— new I Children's lxl ribbed, guaranteed stain- *
* JC^^^^^feftw 00 1 1 to patent , less Back Cotton Hose— double knees, *
♦. > a __^^Pleather tips, sewed ; heels and toes— full-fashioned French 2u
» soles, spring heels, \ toe— silk finished— sizes sto 9^— our X
♦ sizes 8m; to 2— sold regularly at $2 pair— j regular 20c pair genuine value— to-day «
T on sale to-day only $1*23 , only We ♦
» ♦
♦ | *
I Grocery Specials Friday and Saturday: ♦
♦ Emporium Fancy Family Flour, Clean White Table Salt, 10-lb 2!
? none better, 50-lb sacks, regularly 90c, sacks, regularly Be, this week 5© X
♦ for 78G . GIOSS Starch, quality all right, <*
* Best Creamery Butter, full 6-1 boxes for 350 ♦
& weight, 2-lb squares, this week only Our $1.50 gallon quality Port Or ♦
* : 4Oc Sherry, this week $1.05 ♦
* Albert Roche Imported Sardines, Lema's Eastern Beer, *
* !*s, reg ularly 10c tin 7o quarts, regularly $2.30 dozen, this week.. X
T 2500 cans Table Fruit— peaches ." $2* 05 li
pears, plum? and apricots— while supply Good Bourbon Whiskey, full quart «.
A lasts, per can....... .We demijohn, regularly 83c, this week.£>2c ♦
4444444*444 4444444 444444*4*4444^
for Oakland, attempted to get gay with
Manager Ewing. but got his release in
stead. Several times of late Borland
failed to appear for practice, which did
not go with Cal. Borland has been a dis
appointment from the start. He was
signed because of his supposed ability as
a hitter, but he has proven woefully in
efficient in that respect, and besides his
fielding has not been of the sensational
order.
Oakland's new grounds will be opened
next Sunday morning with a game be
tween Oakland and Santa Cruz. Here
after the teams playing here in the after
noon will play a regular league game at
Oakland on Sunday mornings.
Iberg was a disappointment to his ad
mirers last Sunday. He fielded his posi
tion poorly and his delivery was not up
to his work of last season. His eye is still
troublesome, though in a week or two he
will doubtless be as effective as ever.
ODea of San Jose has entirely recover
ed from his long l.mess and will be in
this week's games with his team. ODea
has a reputation as a cnacher that dis
counts Dalrymple. May heaven help
those with sensitive nerves when they
get on the coaching lines together.
Donlin. the Santa Cruz pitcher, is a ter
ror to opposing batsmen. He uses all the
curves, has plenty of speed, and. being a
left-hander, ne uses a sharp inshoot that
is most baffling. His one weakness is his
lack of control at times.
Sacramento has a remarkably strong
fielding team, but so far this season It
has shown up rather weak at bat. Hits
are what win games, and the Senators
will have to laoe the ball out oftener If
they expect to cut any figure in the cham
pionship. They are big enough to tear a
ball to nieces with the stick.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants. Manufac-
turers, BroKers, Importers, Wholesale Traders. Jobbers,
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION,
IN COR/tESrONDINC WITH ANT OF THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL.''
BELTINO. FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
LP IIFfiFN Manufacturer or BeUtntrnnd T*S KfIYFS dipping Butchers. IMC rt\
r. IICUCn, LaC9 Leather. 105-107 Mis- | «»AJ- HvICJ. Clay. Tej. Main lav. Wl.
(lon St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. | ■ ~~ ~"~
1 _ HARDWARE.
BOILER MAKERS. ! R A e^ A P n E h^r" e m'i&TS. Ma!?^
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, iron founders. ,
W. J. BRADT. Proprietor. Western Foundry. Morton & Hedlev. Proos..
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship 234 Fremont St. Castings of Every Do.
Work ! «eription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
Office «nd Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST. j i m ig^^^^ mmmmm^^ Kmmm^
Telephone Main 5045. rNl^nj^K^^iS [J«FiWjH
■ " ! 1 1 1 1 1 Ni il Si fßis&StSlkiii BBaliui-ji niW 3
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. UjZw Aflr3 R^nTßffTM^CTr^Al WIU
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, ; ■™ilWimilMmmilß
242 to 350 Oearv Street Aboro Powell. j »Un RFTTFP ftV FADTH" Imperial Met-
Periodical,. Books and Stationery. _ " D^.**,^" -™ A^ Jl alllc Comancha
1_ Ochre. COMANCHE OCHRE CO.. U Front »C
f> • l"f" 'r\ r\lf ■ t Corner Fourth and PAPER DEALERS.'
Pall D n v A l ssssl^ *™ m i amfttf pulp and pape^ c <>
I II rr Kill 111 our Special Brew IT tLLMITI 1I I L 722 Montgomery Street.
IIHII 1111 Irl I Steam and Lager. >
Unit. llUiriLj c Overcoats and PRINTING.
Valises checked free. ~, HITr^HF^ PRINTER.
COAU COKE AND PIQ IRON. STATIONER AND PRINTER.
J. C. WILSON & CO.. T "c?T' c PARTRIDGE rm; n a a".\
*OO BATTERY STREET. THE HiriT« limn fil Printers. » l "*■
Telephone Main ISM. HIE Ul\*K J- JVUU VU-. Hndera. First at.
COPPERSMITH. WAREHOUSEMEN.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. M*r. i THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forv -c Agents and Public Weighers. C. -
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat (r ai Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Oea-
and Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18 j eral office. 710 California st. Tel. Main 1314.
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641. J WATCHES ETC ""
nFN'TISTS T I 11WTIV """-^quarters for tln» J»w»irj and
DENTISTS. 1. Llnlll* -k. Wedding Rlnrs IVI as.
|>n r W nFriTFP~ 806 Market, rms. «to 10. . — — .
I/ft- v TT • vCvnCA Colton gas - for painless u/uitp ach ctc«m rt\ -i
extraction of teeth a specialty. WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
— ■ Mined by th»
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE). BI.ACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Ita
UKUUUI3 13 innui.B9AL.oi. GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
DEMNRTnN 8, Pfl Second and Steven. la the Beat Coal In th» Market.
ntUmulUll 06 UUi son Sts. Tel. Main 4 Dttc« and Yw4a-4M Mala BtmL
Manager Kripp seems to he having his
troubles as well as thr- others. It is re
§orted that Harvej will cot play with
acramento thi^ but as ><"<n as
he is able will go East. Harvey's loss
will hurt the Senators a pood deal.
Pyne will cover first for San Francisco
in this week's games at Sacramento, and
Billings will play in cent( rfleld.
Jim McDonlad received a dispatch from
Nick Young last Sunday ordering him to
report at Philadelphia ai once for umpire
duty with the big league. Accordingly
Jim started East Monday night McDon
ald did not go East in ti'nn- for the open
ing of the season because of an attempt
to juggle with his salary, which be would
not allow. When the double umpire sys
tem was adopted in the National League
some cheap men were engaged at com
paratively small salaries to pass judg
ment on base plays, the regular umpires
deciding balls and strikes. An attempt
was made to cut the latter's salaries to
the figure received by ?h<- others. Mc-
Donald, who Is considered the best umpire
in the. country, would not accept the re
duction and refused to report for duty
until Young came to his terms.
The owners of the Watsonville team
have ended their petty squabbles and now
the greatest harmony prevails, with the
result that the team is at the head of the
class.
Pace and Clarke are loading in hittiner
in Santa Cruz. Clarke has made the only
two homo runs in the league thus far.
The San Jose team Is well worthy of all
the good things that have been said of it.
It i? even on games won and lost, and ha 3
not played a ragged game this season,
those It has lost being by the narrowest oc
margins. ■
56
FRIDAY "....APRIL 21, 1899
— — m?
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. 1
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F.
Telephone Main ISO*.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1674.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER "WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including: Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year f6.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). S months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ««o
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1-60
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear 1-00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample,' copies Will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE." Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marqnette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESB, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— SJ2T Montgomery street, corner Clay
open vntll 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until ;
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:34
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock,"
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2*" Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- Sold
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk »treet. open;
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
-Kentucky, streets, open until 9 o'clock* _^
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Serenade."
California— "A Hot Old Time."
Orand Opera House — "Ermlnle."
GranJ Opera House— Saver Recitals this Afternoon
Orpneum Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "A Bad Lot."
Tlvoll— "The Little Trooper."
Chutes Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afteraoon
Ud evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis struts. Specialties.
Metropolitan Temple— Moving Pictures.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Sherman-Clay Hall— laa Maclaren, this afternoon.
El Campo— The popular bay resort. Amusements every
Sunday.
""auction sales.
Ey C. P. Troy & Co.— This day, at 1 and 8 p. in., at S9
Geary st.. Chinese and Japanese roods.
By Easton, Kldridge & Co.— Tuesday, April 25* at 12
O'clock, R°al Kstale, at C.S Market Ftreot.
OUR CROP REPORTS.
CROP reports carefully collected by The Call
from all sections of the State and published on
Wednesday are of a character to justify the
most sanguine expectations of a prosperous year. All
varieties of crops are reported to be in a flourishing
condition in almost every county. It is only here and
there that any falling oft from a normal yield is
feared.
It now appears the rains of March came in ample
time to save hay, grain, fruit, grapes, sugar beets and
all other staple crops. The outlook is at this time a
promising one for all rural industries. Something of
the abundant prosperity which the State has not en
joyed since the free trade panic of 1893 set in is likely
to be ours this season. We have the prospect of good
prices as well as of good crops, for the remarkable
revival of industrial activity in the East has put the
people of that section into a condition of prosperity
that will enable them to be liberal consumers of Cali
fornian products.
By the collection of these reports The Call has been
first to furnish the business world with anything like
a comprehensive review of the crop prospects of the
season. The publication was, therefore, one of the
most important news items of the day and of great
value to the commercial community. It afforded a
sure foundation for a hopeful outlook for all lines of
trade. We are evidently going to have an active
business year all round. The abounding prosperity
of which we have had so many reports from the East
will flow out upon this coast and California will have
her full share of its blessings.
THE COUNTRY— NOT PARTY.
THE Chronicle does not serve the country or
the Republican party by its frequent disserta
tions in favor of embalmed beef. It constantly
aims to create the impression that the comments of
the press and the strong feeling among the people
against fraudulent contractors originated in and have
been fostered by the Democrats of the country and
tha* they tend to injure the interests of farmers and
etock-raisers.
This position is untenable and, to the extent *f "its
influence, injurious to the administration and to the
Republican party. General Miles, who first used the
expression that has itself become embalmed, merely
performed an official duty in a manner that has ar
rested public attention. As the testimony before the
investigating commission has accumulated it has been
scrutinized and discussed by leading Republican
journal":. The issue is not partisan, but neces>arily
and properly excites the deepest interest among pa
triotic citizens of all occupations and of all grades of
poverty or wealth.
There could be no worse crime than for a ring of
contractors, aided by public officials, to line their own
pockets by feeding our soldiers and our sailors on
rotten meat and adding the unnecessary perils of
manufactured disease to the horrors of war. It is not
our function to anticipate the findings of the commis
sion, which will be approved or condemned as they
may deserve when promulgated and compared with
the evidence. But the Chronicle misconceive? the na
ture of the charges that are now sub judice. It is not
claimed that unwholesome canned or refrigerated
beef is exported to the markets of the world, but that
refuse, which ought to have been condemned, and
would not have been offered in private trade, was
considered good enough for the men who were fight
ing our battles. There is certainly evidence tending
to show that much of the beef was not spoiled in its
transmission or after its arrival in Cuba, but before it
started. There was one explosion of canned beef at
Washington that left an indelible impression upon the
puMic mind.
There is no danger that one of the "chief indus
tries" of the country will be crushed, but there is a
prospect that deep-seated corruption may be exposed
and punished. Questions of common honesty, ques
tions touching the sensitiveness of the people in re
spect to their army and their navy, cannot be appro
priated by any political organization. The adminis
tration does not occupy and cannot be forced to
occupy the position of indorsing the frauds of con
factors if they have been satisfactorily proved. The
Chronicle may easily discover a better method of at
testing its fidelity to Republican principles and to
American honor.
The people of the United States appear to be in
that position where everybody wants to shake hands
with them. The Berlin Post now expresses the hope
that a German-American alliance is not among the
improbabilities.
GOVERNMENT IN BUSINESS.
PERSONS who are familiar with the various
theories upon which have been predicated
changes in the social state, alleged to be de
sirable, will recognize a jumble of those theories in
the Examiner plan for Government ownership by
Government thrift. Collectivism, nationalizing of
property, Gronlund's co-operative commonwealth,
and all of the schemes for a social state reduced to the
level of the least energetic members of that state, are
reflected or refracted in this plan.
Civilization has come about through the desire of
man to own property as his individual possession. It
was this desire in the plain people that finally over
came the feudal system, with its brilliant panorama of
knights and ladies, its pomp and circumstance, its al
luring pageantry. This desire destroyed feudal
tenure, strucli the iron collar from men's necks, made
them the owners of their own persons, and intro
duced the wage system as the necessary privilege of
freemen, who, owning their own capacity to labor,
must have the right to take pay for its use. This en
franchisement of man and his rise out of the feudal
system was the leaven which has finally worked out
the destruction of chattel slavery as applied generally
to the black race. Individuality, the exultation of
man in owning himself, and the exaltation of his
faculties in the effort to become the owner of prop
erty, real and personal, to enjoy life and liberty and
the pursuit of happiness, moved the nations to brand
the slave trade as piracy and slavery as a denial of
the rights of man.
In modern nations, starting at the strongest and
most important Governments, as we approach those
that govern less and interfere in the business and
personal matters of the people to the minimum we
find man rising in the scale with the widening of his
opportunities. As he governs himself more, and be
comes every year richer and more important, and is
governed externally less, his opportunity to rise and
advance by the power of personal character is ex
hibited in a general gain in the scale of living, the
enrichment of life, the conversion of the rare luxuries
of one generation into the common comforts of the
next.
The best and broadest opportunities of man have
been afforded in this republic, under its wise and well
tried constitution, and the social state that has been
founded on the civil state which that constitution
creates.
The great individual fortunes of which the Ex
aminer complains are merely the result of the oppor
tunities furnished to man in this republic. During
the last thirty years peasant immigrants have come to
us from Europe in the steerage and by immigrant
train, and, applying their individual qualities and per
sistence to the better opportunities they find here,
have found themselves, before middle age is reached,
able to revisit their European birthplace, traveling in
a Pullman and the first cabin of an ocean steamer.
It is not a matter of surprise that a country which
has given to so many the experience of this advance
in fortune and rise in condition should present the
spectacle of numerous immense fortunes, every one
founded originally in the self-denial, economy and
thrift of a man whose qualities were inspired to high
action by the invitation of opportunity. Nor is it
surprising that in the midst of these opportunities, of
which the vast majority have taken advantage to their
own betterment, there are some who lack the char
acter and quality to do so. These are the failures, the
disinherited of fortune, in whose name the social
state is impeached. The Examiner proposes such
change in the civil and social state as shall bring both
down to the plane of energy of these failures. As
they cannot compete with the energetic, cannot make a
cay's march with the strong, cannot equal in thrift
and accumulation the enterprising, sober and indus
trious, all incitement and inducement to individual
energy, strength, industry, sobriety and thrift must
be taken away and substituted by Government owner
ship of all productive property and enterprises and the
transaction of all business by the Government 1
It is admitted that this plan will make the indi
vidual ownership of property impossible, and so will
eradicate the energy, foresight and other qualities in
man which have been* actuated by the desire of such
ownership. The vast majority of active men in the
country who have thrived by individual energy and
character will be reduced to the level of the minority
who have failed to thrive through the lack of char
acter and energy. The new civil and social state will
be founded upon the moral, industrial and physical
diseases and disorders and failures of the present state,
and no prophecy is needed to foretell the result.
Man having risen in the struggle for existence
against the resistance of nature and environment, if
relieved %of the necessity of such struggle by being
cosseted in the arms of a wealthy and important Gov
ernment, will lose what he has gained by exertion,
and with the loss of opportunity will lose all those
high capacities- which it invited into exercise.
Life is a great advantage. It is through life that
we enjoy all of the physical world around us. The
beauties of the morning and the evening, the glories
of high noon and the soothing mysteries of the night,
are ours because we are alive. But to many these
exquisite pleasures that we enjoy because we are alive
are not available by reason of illness, or the period of
their enjoyment is shortened by death. Shall it be
said, therefore, that none shall enjoy the opportuni
ties of the physical world to any greater degree than
those who are ill, and that the period of their en
joyment by all shall be shortened to the length of the
briefest lives?
Such a policy would be the precise analogue of the
proposition to take away all material opportunity
from every individual because some have used it to
gather much and others have failed to gather any.
SPEAKER REED'S RETIREMENT.
REPORTS of Speaker Reed's intention to retire
from Congress have been current for a long
time, and, while they have been generally dis
credited, they now come from what seems an authori
tative source. Mr. Reed himself has not spoken di
rectly upon the subject, no letter from him resigning
his seat has been made public, but the activity of the
canvass for the succession to the Speakership gives
reason for believing that his friends are assured of
his determination.
There has been much speculation as to the motives
which have prompted Mr. Reed to retire from a posi
tion of so much power and importance, and which
he has filled with such distinguished success. It is
asserted by some that, being a comparatively poor
man, Mr. Reed desires to engage in lucrative business
so as to provide himself with a competence for his old
age. Others assert the views of the Speaker are so
antagonistic to those of the administration on many
important issues that a conflict would be unavoidable
if he retained the Speakership, and that he prefers to
resign rather than to divide his party.
Whatever may be the motive, it is certain the re
tirement of Mr. Reed is an event of great moment to
cur politics. He is in many respects the strongest
individual in American political life to-day, and his
influence upon Congress has been for years of so
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1899.
I
potent a character that he has to a large extent dic
tated the course of legislation. It is to him we owe
the policy which has transformed the House of Rep
resentatives from a turbulent debating society to a
legislative body, performing its work with accuracy
and dispatch. To him also is due the defeat of many
a wild, ill-considered measure, the adoption of which
might have seriously compromised the welfare of the
country.
Since neither the President nor the Speaker has
ever given sanction to the reports of antagonism be
tween them, that phase of the situation need not be
discussed. It is certain, however, that Mr. Reed has
been all along in opposition to the jingoes and im
perialists of Congress, and was a conservative force of
great value. Some time ago, in a noted article pub
lished in one of the popular magazines, Mr. Reed
said with reference to the craze for annexing islands,
"Empire can wait," and on that principle he has con
sistently acted. The annexationists have been attack
ing him for some time past with more or less vin
dictiveness, and have undoubtedly formed a faction
opposed to his re-election to the Speakership. It is
not likely, however, that he would resign to avoid
their antagonism, for he has little cause to fear them,
and, moreover, he is the kind of man who never gets
out of the way of an enemy.
If the reports prove true, and Mr. Reed retires from
politics, the course of the coming session of Congress
will be watched with a good deal of anxiety. Many
issues are to be dealt with on which Republicans are
by no means united. It will require a masterful hand
to wisely direct the House of Representatives next
winter, and there will be much regret if Tom Reed is
not there to undertake it.
THE LfJTE SAMUEL G. HILBORN.
THE death of Samuel G. Hilborn is deeply re
gretted not only in California, where he was best
known and appreciated, but throughout the
Union. He had acquired a national reputation by his
conspicuous service as a member of the Committee
on Naval Affairs of the House of Representatives
during the late war with Spain. He had endeared
himself to all citizens who were familiar with his
record by his industry, by his intelligence and by
his unswerving rectitude.
As a man, as a citizen, as a leading member of fra
ternal orders, and through the manner of his perform
ance of public duties, he had earned general com
mendation and respect. There was nothing sensa
tional in his career, for he had no itching for mere
notoriety, but identified himself with substantial ques
tions and with solid work.
The State of Maine was his birthplace, and after he
had graduated at Tufts College he acted as a school
teacher and at the same time qualified himself for the
practice of law. His experience as an educator led
him to realize the importance to good citizenship of
sound American training and to devote special atten
tion to the common schools of his country. When
he settled in Vallejo, in 1861, and began active pro
fessional life, he soon became known as a safe ad
viser who, though not possessing any special gifts of
oratory, carefully prepared his cases and attended to
the interests of his clients. His relations with the
public began a few years after he reached Vallejo,
when he became a municipal trustee and a member
of the Board of Education. His rise was gradual but
steady — he never retrograded, but constantly pro
gressed. His success as a county Supervisor caused
his election to the State Senate, where he distin
guished himself by his mastery of the intricate de
tails of railroad freights and fares and by his abso
lute fidelity to his trust. He labored hard as a mem
ber of the convention that framed the constitution of
1879, and conservatively resisted all its sandlot fea
tures and opposed its adoption at the polls. In 1883
he was appointed United States Attorney for this dis
trict and served his term with honor to himself and
with advantage to the Government His first election
tc Congress was to fill a vacancy in 1892, but he was
unseated. He was afterward twice elected and repre
sented his district during the exciting contest against
the railroad funding bill, which he was largely instru
mental in defeating, and in the excessive labor caused
by the late war, which probably contributed to the
disease to which he has now succumbed.
Mr. Hilborn had a commanding presence, and he
was a fine example of genuine Americanism, un
alloyed by any treacheries to the great ideas incor
porated in our Government. He was true to himself,
true to his family, true to his country, and he passed
away at a ripe age honored and admired and leaving
an influence for good that cannot fail beneficially to
affect the rising generation.
Arkansas proposes to provide herself with a new
and splendid Capitol, and has decided to erect it on
the site now occupied by the penitentiary, which will
be torn down to make way for it, and thus we see
how things go from bad to worse — where once thieves
were kept in confinement they are now to be turned
loose upon the State treasury and paid for robbing it.
General Shafter says that the only way in which
we can persuade the Filipinos that we are a nation of
well-meaning, God-fearing, man-loving people is by
killing half the native population of the Philippines.
And General Shafter knows that we have just given
Spain a sound thrashing for trying to do the same
thing.
Police Commissioner Gunst wants to leave the
State for six months. Strange as it may seem, some
of the Supervisors were adverse to granting the Com
missioner's request. If the worthy members of the
board could only discover some means to prevent the
Commissioner getting back again they might justify
their official existence.
After all the jesting and the jibing about the
Bryanite JefFcrsonians, a dollar dinner is not so cheap
a feast after all. It may provide but a 6cant repast in
New York, but in San Francisco a man can get all
he can eat and nearly all he can drink for that money.
The next time the Philippine Commission has a
proclamation which it wishes to make known to the
people it should advertise it in the newspapers. This
thing of sending soldiers out on a bill-posting expe
dition is too costly, and never yields good results.
C. P. Huntington graciously announces that in two
or three years the Southern Pacific Company may be
building railroads in the Philippines. There are some
evils from which even the Filipinos should be spared.
The Southern Pacific is one of them.
Huntington says that when he makes a move he
knows what he is after. Californians are wondering
when the old gentleman will make his next move. He
seems to have seized everything worth taking in the
State.
The people of Oakland are trying to make the
Southern Pacific Company keep faith. This taking
up of the white man's burden is becoming a serious
affair. The people of Oakland ought to tackle some
thing easy.
SEWERS IN THE
MISSION WERE
TALKED ABOUT
Subject Taken Up by
Street Committee.
WILL MEET AGAIN TO-DAY
,
TWO CONSULTING ENGINEERS
TO BE APPOINTED.
.One Will Probably Be Rudolph Her
ring, Who Planned the Sewer
Systems of Many Large
Eastern Cities.
The Street Committee of th» Board of
Supervisors met yesterday afternoon and
devoted much of their timo to the dis
cussion of tho Mission sewer project.
Mayor Phelan and John C. Quinn and
A. S. Baldwin, representing the Mer
chants' Association, were present to con
sult with the members of the committee.
Several plans involving tho appointment
and compensation of a sewer commission
were discussed, but the Supervisors failed
to arrive at any definite conclusion.
Messrs. Manson, Grunsky and Tilton,
who have been suggested to serve as a
commission, were not present, but tho
City Surveyor was represented by Mr.
Mosey.
The members of the Street Committee
held an informal meeting Wednesday
night and virtually agreed to appoint two
consulting engineers to assist the commis
sion In Us work. Rudolph Herring, the
famous engineer, under whose supervis
ion the sewer systems of Washington,
Chicago and Philadelphia were put in,
will probably be employed as one of the
consulting engineers. The gentleman is
at present In Honolulu, but he will be
hack here before any work on the pro
posed project is under way. Colonel Men
dell will in all probability be also selected
to act as one of the consulting engineers.
The matter of compensation to be allot
ted the commission for the performance
of its work was gone into and after a
discussion lasting an hour or more the
committee was no nearer an agreement
than before the subject was first
broached. Messrs. Grunsky and Manson
have already informed the Street Com
mittee that they would furnish the city
with a complete plan for a new system
and an estimate of its cost within five
months for the sum of $16,000. That
amount includes the cost of surveying the
ground, field work, other expenses and
the compensation of the two commis
sioners. As the committee and the Mayor
and, in fact, everybody who has thus
far evinced an interest in the project,
feel that it is necessary in order to ex
pedite the labors of the commission to
appoint two consulting engineers to assist
the commission it will be necessary, of
course, to set aside an additional sum
to compensate the engineers for their la
bors.
Not knowing what portion of the §18,000
requested by Messrs. tirunsky and Man
son is for compensation, the commit lea
was unable to settle the question, and tho
Mayor suggested that another meeting be
held this afternoon at 4 o'clock at his of
fice in the City Hall to uetermine upon a
sum to be set aside for the performance
of tht work.
Clerk Russell and Supervisor Algreltink
er then pointed nut the fact that the
committee would have to devise wa/s and
means to raise funds to carry on the work i
and there was at present no m.mey in tha
treasury for that purpose. Supervisor Hol
land suggested that a certain portion of
the money be set aside immediately to be
used by the commission in field work and
other necessary labors, and that the re
mainder be provided for in the tax levy
for the next fiscal year. This knotty
problem provoked an interesting discus
sion on the condition of the different
funds. A. S. Baldwin suggested tha*
enough money to start the commission on
Its labors could be taken from tne urgent
necessity fund, and the Mayor informed
him that the fund was depleted every
month by the many demands that are
constantly made upon it.
Cyril Williams, export of the Finance
Committee, was ordered to be present at
the meeting to be held this afternoon
armed with a statement of the condition
of different available funds.
The committee received a letter from
Joseph Ilowell. in which that gentleman
generously offered to perform his duties
ftfl appraiser of the panhandle extension
gratis. As Mr. "Howell's salary had al
ready heon lixed at $500. his communica
tion caused surprise.
A communication was received from the
Williams Company requesting- permission
to lay a wood block pavement similar to
the one in front of the Phelan building
on Front street, between Washington and
Jackson. Communications were received
from Henry T. Scott, vice-president of the
Union Works, and from the Mayor, Su
perintendent of Streets and the Board of
Public Works of the city of Stockton
highly recommending the. pavement. The
committee, decided to recommend to the
board that specifications for the work be I
drawn at once.
At the suggestion of Supervisor Algel
tinger and the rccommendßtion of Bar
ney Dougherty the committee's expert.
It was decided to pave the crossings of
Bush street from one end of the thor
oughfare to the other nnd charge tlie bill
to the Sutter-street Railroad Company.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Mrs. G. S. Holmes of Salt Lake City Is
registered at the Occidental.
Charles 'Belding and wife of Stockton
are among the arrivals at the Lick.
Dr. G. W. Dwindle of Montague, Sls
klyou County, is located at the Grand.
E. F. Mullancy, a rattle raiser of Win
nemucca, Nev., is a guest at the Russ.
H. E. Barber, a Stockton capitalist, is
registered at the Gr.ind with his wife.
Dr. J. S. Stott of Oervais, Or., is at the
Grand accompanied by his wife and child.
L». Gerlach, an extensive land-owner of
Stockton, and his wife are guests at the
Grand.
J. McPherson, a prominent resident of
Howell, Micbi, is at the California with
hJs wife.
E. S. Babcock, proprietor of the Coro
nado Beach Hotel, will be at the Palace
for a few days.
Former State Senator A. F. Jones, a
well-known attorney of Orovllle, Is stay
ing at the Palace.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
COUNTY NEWSPAPERS— W., Philo,
Cal. Free county newspapers cannot b«
forwarded from one postofflce to another
in the same county without postage. Th<»
rate of postage is one cent for each four
ounces.
A STEAMSHIP CAPTAIN— J. H. N.,
Napa, Cal. The first requisite of an Indi
vidual who wishes to become a captain of
a steamer is a thorough knowledge of
navigation. He must be a thorough sea
man and he has a great deal to study.
He cannot "learn to be a captain by sim
ply working on a steamer."
ADOPTION IN BOSTON— I,. A. W.. Al
ameda,, Cal. For information about an
adoption in the city of Boston, Mass.,
many years ago, address a communica
tion to the Court of Probate and Insol
vency In that city, giving all particulars,
so that there may be no difficulty in trac
ing up the records if there is such.
JACK DEMPSEY— H. W., Waupun,
Wis. The true name of Jack Dempsey,
otherwise "The Nonpareil." the pugilist,
was Bradley. His father is living in
Eastern Oregon. He was born In the
County Kildare. Ireland, in .1862, Decem
ber 15. He came to this country when
quite young, but the date of his arrival
this department has not been abla to aa
certaln.
LAWMAKERS AND
STATE OFFICERS
TAKE AN OUTING
Excursion on the Tug
Gov. Markham.
THEFT OF A HORSE AND BUGGY
TAKEN FROM IN FRONT OF MER
CHANTS' EXCHANGE.
Lawsuit Probable Over the Loss of
the R. W. Bartlett's Rudder.
Man Hurt on the Pacific
Mail Dock.
A large party of Congressmen, United
States and State officials and their friends
went on an excursion around the bay on
the State tug Governor Markham yester
day. The affair was In honor of Con
gressman Clark of New Hampshire, and
among the guests were Senator Perkins,
Congressman Julius Kahn, Special Agents
of the Treasury Linck and Smith, Col
lector of the Port Jackson, Surveyor of
the Port Spear, Deputy Surveyor Chaun
cey Milton St. John, Harbor Commission-
ers Kilburn. Harney and Herold. It was
the intention to have gone out on the
revenue cutter Golden Gate, but as that
vessel is laid up for an overhauling the
Harbor Commissioners kindly placed the
Governor Markham at the disposal of the
party.
After visiting a few points of Import
ance in the northern portion of the bay,
the Markham was headed back for Fol
som street, and there the party got a
splendid view of the departure of the
transports Warren and Scandia. From
there the Markham went to the Union
Iron Works and Hunters Point and then
back to her dock. The excursionists had
a most enjoyable time, as the day was a
perfect one for an outing on the water.
R. D. Chandler, the well-known mine
owner and coal merchant, was mourning
the loss of a trotter in the 2:30 class, a
brand new set of harness and buggy and
a lap robe and whip yesterday morning,
but later in the day his grief was some
wheat assuaged by the return of the horse
fun] buggy. The other articles are still
missing.
The entire outfit was in service for the
first time. When the ship Louis WaJsh,
With a cargo of coal from the Sound for
Mr. Chandler, was sighted Captain Jessen
and E. Pollexfen, one of Mr. Chandler's
clerks, grot into the buggy and drove to
the Merchants' Exchange to find out
about what time the vessel would get in.
They were not in the building five min
utes, but when they got out on the side
walk again the horse and buggy were
gone. The matter was at once reported to
the Harbor police, and they ascertained
that a horse and buggy similar to the
missing ones had started for Oakland on
the creek steamer. The horse was driven
by a young man, and with him was a
young" lady. The Oakland police wore
notified and the young man was interro
gated or. the other side. He was able to
prove conclusively that the horse and
buggy were his, so that clew vanished.
About an hour aftor the creek route
episode one of Mr. Chandler's customers
on the corner of Washington and Stock
ton streets telephoned that a blind alley
noar his place was barricaded with a bug
gy bearing Mr. Chandler's name and that
inside the barricade was a horse. It was
the stolen rig, but the harness, lap robe
and whip were gone, and Detective Ellis
Is now on the trail of them and the
thieves.
The steamer Rio de Janeiro sailed for
the Orient yesterday. She had quite a
number of passengers and every available
inch of space, including some of the
staterooms, was crowded with freight.
The ship Glory of the Seas will finish
coaJlng the United States steamer Nero
to-day, after which she will go alongside
the auxiliary cruiser Badger and fill her
bunkers. The Nero will sail Saturday for
Honolulu, from which point she will begin
taking soundings for a cable between here
and Hawaii. The Badger will leave Mon
day with the United States, German and
British commissioners for Samoa.
Bernard Mcdonagle got his back hurt
and his scalp torn on the Mail dock yes
terday afternoon. A runaway team
knocked MoGonagle senseless. Ho was
treated at the Harbor Receiving Hospital,
after which he was sent to his home in
the. Valencia Hotel on Valencia street.
E. S. Gutierrez, late of the Mail Com
pany's Newport, has been appointed as
sistant engineer in fhe lighthouse servico
and appointed to lightship 70, stationed on
San Francisco bar.
There is going to be a lawsuit over the
loss of the schooner R. W. Bartleu's
rudder. As told exclusively in The Call
the vessel was towed to sea by the Sea
Queen, but before the schooner was cast
out It was discovered that her rudder was
gone. The Sea Queen then towed her
back to port and the tugboat company
demands the price of an extra tow. The
owners of the Bartlett assert that it was
the tug's tow rope that pulled the rudder
out of the vessel, and so the chances are
the matter will be adjusted In court.
COMPLAINT
OF A SAILOR
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir:
My son, John Collins, has been in the
United States navy for three years and
seven months. He enlisted at this port,
which is his home, from which he
sailed. He was on the Philadelphia, and
from her was transferred to the Balti
more, and was on that vessel, which
so distinguished herself during the bat
tle of Manila. He is still with Dewey
though hi 3 term of enlistment expired
seven months ago. The latter time
was put in for the "good of the ser
vice," as they call it. Now he can
come home and he wants to very much.
He writes me from on board the
United States steamship Buffalo, Ma
nila, March 7, and say?, among other
things: "We were informed to-day if
we wanted to go East to New York
and waive all transportation we could
go on this one (the Buffalo), but if we
wait three or four months longer we
can go home on the Solace. So I have
decided to go on this one and pay my
way home overland to San Francisco.
It will be about sixty days before I
reach home from this date. This ship
is a madhouse."
Now, Mr. Editor, a criminal, when
released from the penitentiary, is given
a good suit of clothes and transporta
tion back to the place from which he
was convicted. I ask if it is proper to
land my boy and others so far from
home and compel them to pay the rail
road company their hard-earned money
to get to see their fathers, mothers, sis
ters, -wives or brothers after their long
and faithful service to their country.
My son is a fireman and stood to the
furnaces in the battle when the ther
mometer ran up to 170 degrees. One
greater than I has said that such men
are as great heroes as the man on the
bridge. Yours truly.
JAMES W. COLLINS.
San Franriec-o, April 20, 1899.
Card From Marshall P. Wilder.
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: May T.
through your paper, thank the good peo
ple of this city, the press and the Or
pheum management for their extreme
kindness to -me during my short st.iy
here. Coming among you with fear as to
how you would be pleased with my work,
I leave with regret, having been treated
so kindly. Always merrily yours.
MARSHALL P\ WILDER.
San Francisco, April 20, 1599.
PHONOGRAPH
MEN'S LESSON
IN MORALITY
The Call's Crusade for
Decency.
ENDS IN COMPLETE SUCCESS
JUDGE GRAHAM VIEWS THE IN
DECENT PICTURES.
He Convicts Kollman and L«vy and
Orders Them to Appear for
Sentence This Morn
ing.
The crusade of The Call against the ex
hibition of Indecent pictures in phono
graph parlors has been brought to a suc
cessful issue, all the proprietors of par
lors having been convicted and warned
that a repetition of the offense would be
severely punished.
In acting Police Judge Barry's court
John Collins was the first one to be con
victed and fined; then followed Peter
Bacigalupi, and yesterday M. Kollman,
848 Market street, the last of the trio ar
rested by Policemen Tyrrell and Esola on
instructions from Captain Spillane, was
similarly dealt with.
When the case of Kollman was called
his attorney, J. E. Bien, said that as far
as he was concerned the case was sub
mitted. He would like to add that the
defendant was going out of the business.
The Judge said that in his opinion the
pictures exhibited were suggestively im
moral, and he would impose a fine of $10,
as in the other two cases, but if the of
fense were repeated the maximum pen
alty would be imposed.
The cases of Kollman and M. S. Levy,
415 Kearny street, who were arrested on
the complaint of Frank J. Kane of the
Pacific Coast Society for the Suppression
of Vice under order 2525 of the Board of
Supervisors, were called in Judge Gra
ham's court yesterday afternoon.
A machine with an ele< trie attachment
had been titted up in a room in the base
ment of the City Hall and the Judge had
an opportunity of examining the pictures
seized in the parlors of Levy. Levy was
present and persisted in protesting that
the pictures wtre works of art, and if he
had thought otherwise he would not have
exhibited them. The Judge, after he had
peeped at the pictures, remarked that
1 they were grossly immoral, and it was a
j shame that children's minds should be
I polluted by being allowed the privilege of
seeing them for a nickel.
When the Judge opened court Attorney
Birn, for the defendants, submitted the
rase on the pictures themselves, and the
Judge remarked that in his opinion they
wire grossly immoral and suggestive. He
had seen them, and they were not fit to
be displayed anywhere. He was unalter
ably opposed to anything of the kind, and
he would convict the defendants. As the
clerk of the court was not present he
would reserve sentence until this morn
ing. He ordered that the objectionable
pictures be destroyed.
Prosecuting Attorney Wrntworth con
curred with the Judge in his opinion of
the character of the pictures, and had no
hesitation in saying that they were
gm=sly immoral.
The minimum, penalty under the ordi
nance under which the arrests were made
is $50 and the maximum $200. It is prob
able that the Judge will impose the min
imum penalty on the condition that the
defendants promise not to offend again.
ANNUAL BREAKFAST.
Daughters of the Revolution Meet in
Social Reunion.
Sequoia Chapter, Daughters of the
American Revolution, gave its annual
breakfast in the banquet hall of the Occi
dental Hotel Wednesday. About ninety la
dies, including a number of invited guests
of the chapter, gathered at the table and
a most enjoyable reunion was the result.
The affair was strictly informal. Mrs.
Henry Wetherby, regent of the chapter,
explaining that this departure was deemed
advisable in 'view nf present and past, dif
ficulties. In her address she referrpd to
the organization which seeks to foster
patriotism and cherishes the memory of
the country's forefathers. "The latter,"
she said, "would much prefer that gayety
should prevail."
The only toast that was responded to
was by Mrs. William Alvord to "Sequoia
Chapter," in which she spoke of the noble
work In which the chapter is engaged
and predicted for it a large measure of
success.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lt> at Townsend'B.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Knew It Was Some Strancer
Wigwag— How is Beetem getting alone?
Dr. Killem— Well, he's doing nicely.
Wigwag— Who's Nicely?— Stray Stories.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
W'inslow'B Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED,
Sante Fe Route.
Three times a week: 3Vi days to Chicago. 414
days to New York. Handsomest train anil most
complete service. Pull particulars at 628 Mar
ket street.
HOTEL DEL COUONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hot^l ; longer stay, $2 50 per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery stroet, San Francisco.
Her Excuse.
"Notice how the soprano flatted?"
"She had good reason. They have low
ered her salary."— Cincinnati Enquirer.
ADVERTISEJttENTS.
The foods we eat furnish
energy for the body just as
burning coal makes steam
for an. engine.
The experiments of Prof.
Frankland, Ph. D., of Lon-
don, shows that cod-liver oil
yields two and one-half times
more energy than starches
or sweets.
Scott's Emulsion is pure
cod-liver oil combined with
hypophosphites of lime and
soda. It forms fat, gives
strength, enriches the blood,
invigorates the nerves, and
repairs tissues.
50c. and $1.00, all druggists.
SCOTT & BGWNE. Chemists, New York.TEN THOUSAND
CHILDREN WILL
DRILL TOGETHER
A Monster Picnic ior
School Pupils.
TO CELEBRATE DEWEY DAY
EXHIBITION WILL BE HELD
AT GLEN PARK.
Professor Miehling Arranges an Out
ing for Little Folks on May 1.
B^eceipta to Go for Gym
nastic Apparatus .
Tho school children of San Francisco
ar« to have a grand picnic and drill at
Glen I'iirk on May l, Dewey day, which
Is expected to exceed in point of interest.
as It certainly will in unrestricted enj"\ -
mont, the never to be forgotten i ■
Jubilee celebration over a year ;<
--which the children, played such a proml
| art.
•igo Mlehling, instructor in physical
culture and drill master in the schools.
■who is the author of the plan to give the
children a holiday at the big pleasure re
to gather ] chil
dren in one body and give an exhil
drill on that occasion, which will Le un
paralleled on the Pacific Coast, If not in
:,Ure United States. Ever since the
jubilee the youngsters have been asking
the instru. I as going to giw
another opportunity to drill In pub
lic. So when Governor Gage proclaimed
May 1 a lei • ■•• •'• lhat II "
better opportunity to grant the request of
time give them
a en joy a Uay'3 outing could
]
"With Mr. Miehling to think is to act
and he at onca began to look around £oi
a place .•re the monster drill and pic
ric could be civen. The park and the
Presidio were considered, but they were
rejected, as if the exercises were held in
either no admission could be charged, and
It is proposed to make the affair a benefit
for the school children who furnish the
entertainment. Many of the schools are
without proper apparatus for the exercise
of the youthful muscles: dumbbells, clubs.
etc., being needed, and by charging an
admission fee of 10 cents for adults it Is
believed a BUfficlent sum i an be realised
to equip them all and leave a surplus for
future, necessities. Mr. Mi. -tiling finally
decided that Glen Park offered the most
facilities and he proceeded to learn on
what terms it could be secured. He was
prepared to divide the receipts with the
owners of the park, but when he ex
plained his scheme to Mi Baldwin the
latter at once informed him that lie could
have the park for thing and welcome.
Superintendent Webster was next vis
ited by Mr. Miehling, who explained his
project ami requested the former to use
his influence with the Board of Educa
tion to obtain the necessary permission.
Mr. Webster's enthusiasm was aroused in
an instant and the permission was had for
the asking. Nothing remains now but to
arrange the preliminaries to insure the
success of the greatest picnic ever given
the little folks in San Francisco. But one
of the most Important matters is the ques
tion of transportation. As many of the
children .are not overburdened with nickels
and dimes it is hoped the street railroad
companies will carry them to the park
free, thus enabling nil to ■ tend.
A committee to be appointed by the
principals of all the schools will take
charge of the gate receipts; which will be
divided equally among the schools. Other
committees will have charge of the vari
ous booths which will be erected on the
grounds. Superintendent Webster Is pre
paring a circular to the principals invok
ing rheir aid to make the affair a great
success. All the arrangements will be in
the hands of the teachers. They will at
tend to all the advertising and there will
I c no money wasted in the employment of
managers <>r promoters.
The drill will take place in the forenoon,
so that the children may devote all the
afternnn to play. The drill promises to be
a trrand spectacle, as the proficiency of
thf pupils is too well known to admit of
the possibility of failure. Mr. Miehling has
charge of thirty-five schools, with an aver
age of a thousand pupils in each school
so that it will not be difficult for him to
gather together ten thousand and put
them through a course of military exer
cises for ho delectation of d ml ring pa
rents ami friends.
MANILA HERO REWARDED.
Tire Commissioners Promote Lieuten-
ant C. J. ±logan Who Was In
valided Home.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
and promoted C. .1. Hogan from engine
13 to foreman of engine 16. Hogan was a
member of the department when a call
to arms was made, and he left with his
regiment— the First California— for Ma
nila. He was a lieutenant and was se
verely wounded, boing Invalided home.
Joseph Morse was appointed truckman
of truck 5 and "George F. Wells hoseman
of engine 24.
Estimates of 'ho appropriations neces
sary for the next fiscal year for the de
partment were submitted. Under the
present law they amount to $<55Q.000 and
under the charter $fi05.270.
k leathers, all d<\e|grn<>, colon,
bids , 8. P. •
American Legion of Honor.
nd Council of California of the
n of Honor will convene
- ! Of May. This ses
■ ouncil will be a Fhort
I c pi :r- -< ntatlon will not be
• ' ■ tuncils have con
■i! has but one
representative; which, with the grand of-
V- «rand body. The or
,k. ler now has a membership of 27,000 and
fiaa an emergency fund or 1866,000 out of
which members' obligations are paid
ehould mure than twelve assessments be
levied during- a year. In LB9B the order
j-uid to beneficiaries the sum of i\ fir? 000
and pince th« first of the current year It
has paid out $5:55.000. Prior to ISfIS the loss
in membership was considerable on ac
count of changes in laws, but since the
fim of January of that year there has
bf-en but little loss and a notable in
crease.
__ ADVEBTISEMENTB. ~
aaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBg
$3.50 -ELECTRIC BELTS==S3.SO
/fr^ -v Same a« certain druriri6ts and quack doctors
/^7 tell at high prices. Bod) dealers don't MAKE
it,. vp\ electric belts; . they SELL 'em. Buy them
I; 4 *v 0 CHEAP and sell them HIGH; that's the way
I- '.'. r~m **f^v'i ' they do It. Of course, the poorer the quality
/> '( V*^* WiflM the chPa P er the COST, and the higher the
ffn^ 1 Jf \*-\ price sold for the larger the profit, and, IncJ-
*(> /*" «A «I dentally, the Kreater the "SELL.." Do you
\jl £?*V&*JI3 " ? the Point? If so, you will obtain YOUR
I ?■ .»"Ji^^£S belt from a reliable manufacturer. "We MAKE
\ V^=.*«ti» v F-LECTRIC BELTS; make 'cm by thousands,
*/ 's , /i\\ .'*• 'i^W v\. nl all prices, and, what Is more, we are the
2«=S^vV\ f■ i I \4 -(..« >.-S^SA ole makers of "DR. PIERCES PATENT
v 'V\A''' > i i W>''X'^^^ GALVANIC CHAIN BELT"-the BEST elec-
i^TiWiuV' vSa v v- 'j fnahSwSi- trl ° "* lt " n earth! Buy no belt till you sea
1 ' \ %,  v^rdMSSK^. ] . )R "ERCE'S. Pond 2c in stamps for our
v m : M^\\W^S^t^^m< 'Booklet No. 2." Addr«. S s:
Ml m PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
' \^^ffe^^!|r 620 MARKET STREET, ■
V -X:\ l 'i'lr' Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
CAUTION !— Beware of traveling Fakers selling inferior belts at fancy prices
FOUR SOLDIERS
SUSPECTED OF
RIOT AND ARSON
Now in the Presidio
Guardhouse.
ALL IDENTIFIED BY REHFELD
SAYS HE SAW ONE WITH STONES
IN HIS HANDS.
The Saloonkeeper Is After the Police
to Secure John Doe Warrants
for Wholesale Ar
rests.
The last twenty-four hours have
- b6 the aspect of matters regarding
•)■ ■ Presidio rioters of last Sunday night.
Four men have been identified by the sa
loon keeper and his cook, and while they
ill protest their innocence they will have
■ > tell everything they did on Sunday and
relate all their ramblings to the satis
faction of the officers, civil and military,
before they go free.
The four men are Arthur H. Billings,
F. Simmons, Charles Lesky and C. M.
Cander, all of the casual detachment.
Billings had been ordered away to Ma
nila and was on board of the transport
(Warren, when Lieutenant Devore, who
has the investigation in charge, got wind
of the fact that he might be one of the
much sought for men, so Billings was
forthwith ordered off. the Warren and
wan held at the Presidio until yesterday
morning, when Rehfeld identified him.
if ays , he was at the Chutes Sun
da> night and was on his way horn.- when
he beard a row at the saloon, and he
1 popped ♦on his way to the post long
, enough to see part of tne trouble and get
I arrested for participation. A comrade of
I .rkv . corroborates this statement, but
Vi? sky aS been identified as being among
\\Y\,T°a' nd he . win have to submit to
hLc if %i Questions before he can clear
himself. The others simply Bay they were
not there cxce P, t as spectators. Rehfeld
sa> a however he ls sure he saw Billings
approach the house with his hands full of
-m"'? 8 » T-. 6 J ll ? 1 wlll be ke P l h > confine,
merit until their .statements as to their
movements on Sunday can be verified and
then. M they are still under suspicion.
thoritles tu ™ed over to the civil au-
This afternoon Rehfeld called at police
headquarters and asked if it was possible
tox him to get out warrants for 170 sol
ill,T; rt t Hj said th . military authorities
l ;!V !"?, d £ ne . an >' th Ing and he wanted to
, Know if the civil authorities could not or
i would not act. He Was told to call around
! anrt B when the courts were in session
t and see if he could not find a Police
j Judge who would issue him the warrants.'
try , c n warrants are issued the police will
try to serve them. They will have to
be made .out as John Doe warrants, and
■ then Rehfeld and a police officer or two
■n\ ™/° •? i innin * Ull over the Presidio
aimed with warrants and trying to rec
ognize sump one whom they will fit
SANG FOR THE CHURCH.
! Children of St. John's Parish Ap
peared in Comic Opera.
"Trial by Jury," Gilbert and Sullivan's
tuneful, witty one-act operetta, was sung
Wednesday, evening- by the young people
of St. Johns parish for the benefit of the
church choir fund. The taking music and
keen satire were loudly applauded by a
large audience. Principals and chorus'ac-
M'Jitted themselves creditably.
The feature of the performance was the
singing of Mrs. Ralph L. Hathorn, who
' !r 1 th^ V . an of the plaint!., and who mi
i troduced two songs, in which her well
cultivated soprano voice showed to ad
: vantage. Andrew G. Wood was the de
; fenflnnt and did his work very well, sing
mf S paT i th proper spirit Favorable
mention should be made of Dr J A
Brown as the Judge, J. B. Wuersching as
i the usher. Scott Kent, a rising young ten
;pr as the plaintiff's counsel: and Bert
i Gabbs as the foreman of the jury
i Tr«S-??»?ffl e^ d i?, ck .': Bangs' "A Proposal
I nder Difficulties" was very cleverly per
| formed as a curtain raiser. A. M Cam
eron and Miss May B. Jones coming in
i for a large share of the applause. The
; cast was: Robert Yardslev, E. M. Cam
eron; Jack Barlow, C. A. Kenyon: Doro
thy ■ Miss Eleanor Mosley, and
Marie. Miss May B. Jones.
THE DESMOND INQUEST.
Apoplexy and Accidental Asphyxia
tion Were the Causes of Death.
Coroner Hill held an Imiuest yesterday
en the body of Jeremiah J. I>esmond, who
was found dead in his room in the Mar
guerite House at 511 Turk street last
esday morning. The fury returned '
a verdict to the effect that the deceased
had been asphyxiated accidentally and
that an attack of apoplexy combined with
the gas had caused his death.
The autopsy disclosed the fact that the j
deceased was troubled with heart dlsi
and that that was what bad caused the
fit of apoplexy, causing him to fail to the
floor Just after he had turned on the gas
and before he had time to light the jet
Special Agent Power Arrives.'
Special Treasury Agent J. I). Power,
appointed by the Secretary of the Treas
ury to succeed Major Moore, arrived yes
terday morning and at once assumed the
duties* of his office. Mr. Power is a man
of noted executive ability, having man
aged the estate of O'Connor, ftfoffatt &
Co. several years ago. He received a
salary of 126,000 per annum from the es
tate and in one year obtained for the es
tate a profit of $200,000 on an investment
of $800,000. Among the important depart
ments to come under the supervision of
Agent Power is the Chinese Bureau. ♦
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh st.. corner Mission. Salt water,
direct from ocoan.
Smote Him on the Eye.
Philip Gundlach. saloon-keeper on Pity
Hail avenue, called upon Charles Mat
tbeas, a cigar dealer on the avenue, yes
terday morning to complain about his ton
throwing stones at his wapon. Ifattheas
took the part of his pou and smote Gund
lach on the eye, raisins a large lump
around the optic. Qundlach BWOfe to a
c mplalni for Mattheas 1 arrest for bat
tery and as soon as Mattheas was noti
fied of the fact he surrendered himself
and put up $2u cash bail.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL2I, 1899*
I. J. TRUMAN IS
FOUND GUILTY
OF CONTEMPT
Refused to Obey an
Order of Court.
FINE AND IMPRISONMENT
SUCH IS THE JUDGMENT OF [
JUDGE COOK.
A Stay of Five Days Was Granted, j
However, That the Matter May
Be Taken to the Supreme
Court.
Treasurer I. J. Truman has technically
been placed In the custody of the Sheriff
for contempt of court for having refused
to obey an order made by Judge Cook
directing: him to pay the demands of ;
Stenographer Jospph P. Stevens. For his !
contempt of the order of court a fine of '<
$5 is also imposed upon the Treasurer, but i
by grace of all Interested parties a stay j
of execution of five days is granted that j
the matter may be carried before the |
Supreme Court, now sitting in Los An- :
geles.
The contempt proceedings against Tru
man came op for hearing before Judge
t'o..k on Wednesday. Truman appeared
the court with his counsel, J. H.
Dickinson, the prosecution being repre
sented by George 1». Collins. Truman
tiled his answer to the order to show
cause and the court proceeded to the
hearing, it was contended on behalf of
Truman that the fund set aside for the
payment of criminal court stenographers
had been exhausted and no moneys were
available to meet Stevens' demand. Col
lins contested this theory, citing various
authorities substantiating his contention
that the Treasurer had no alternative but
to pay the demand if it wen regularly
Issued, which proved to be the fact in
this case.
The case was then submitted for dccl- [
si'iti and yesterday at noon Judge Cook
Bled his findings. After going over the
various legal matters involved Judge
Cook concludes:
"It Is ordered that the respondent. I. J.
Truman, be and he is hereby adjudged
guilty of a contempt of the authority of
this court in refusing to obey Its order of
April 8, I^9. and as a punishment for his
contempt he is ordered to pay Into court
a fine of $5. and It being yet In his power
to perform the act lie is directed to make
the payment of the sum of $117, and is
hereby ordered into the custody of the
Sheriff, to be confined and Imprisoned In
the County Ja.il of the city and county ol
San Francisco until he obeys the order
of court as stated."
Upon the decision of the court a war
rant of commitment was issue. i which
placed the Treasurer at the disposal of
the Sheriff, but by consent of all parties
Truman was allowed his freedom for five
days that the highest court of the State
might pass upon the legality of th.j deci
sion.
LEES TELLS HOW HE
STOPPED GAMBLING
ON 1 THE STAND IN THE RACE
TRACK CASE.
He and Attorney Ach Occupied the
Morning Session Exchanging
Compliments of a Dubious
Nature.
The nth of March and the happenings
; of that day— the most eventful, even
i though sad, in the history of th. Pacific
Coast Jockey Club- underwent a thorough
( autopsy before Judge Murasky yesterday
; during the hearing of the action of the
j racing corporation against Chief I,ees
I and his nun to restrain them from ar
i resting poolsellers -within [ngleside
; track "without due process of law."
chief Lees was put on the stand at the
opening of the day's session and continued
his testimony regarding tue manner in
which his force went through the g
and put a Stop to lawlessness. It was a
case of "bullyrag" all the forenoon. Lees
and Attorney Ach, who represents the
<lub. did not get along at all. J,ees want
ed t'> explain matters brought out in
question anil answer form, but Ach was
obdurate. Finally the ( hlef lost his tem
per and ordered Ach to "act like a genii. -
man." Then Ach gave It back to Lees,.
and so it went. talk, argue, quarrel, ob
ject and except. The result of all the i
difficulty was Plmpl'- to prove by the Chief
that in obedience to an ordinance passed
by the Supervisors prohibiting poolselling
li.- went to the track and despite all pro
tests closed out the bookies.
when Lees left the stand Captain Witt
man was put on the stand ana the same
BCi lie was re-enacted— the same testimony
and proof were forthcoming. Ach Is anx
ious to get all the "evil acts of the po
lice" In the record from their own lips,
and if their acts of putting a stop to
gambling are "evil acts," then he is suc
ceeding splendidly. If such acts were
lawful, then his labors will go for naught.
When Wlttmnn left the stand the case
was continued for further hearing.
OWNERSHIP OF A HORSE.
Controversy Over Possession of an
Animal That Has Won Fame on
Northern Tracks.
Sheriff Martin has been made the tem
porary custodian of a pacing; horsp that
has a record. The horse is known on the
raring circuit by thp name of "D D," and
is said to have n mark of 2:08. Its al
leged owner, E. R. Stark. Bays he cam
paigned the animal on the Idaho and
Montana circuit last fall and won numer
ous races. Up was finally obliged to pay
a business trip to Colorado and during
hi. 1 -- enforced absence left "D D" in the
Ch&rgC Of hIP driver, one Hopkins. Stark
now asserts that the driver won consid
erable money with the horse, but gam
bled it away. As a crowning piece of
rascality, he sold thp pacer and skipped
out of the country, stnrk found the horse
in the possession of a. Weii of this city
nnd has begun legal proceedings for it's
recover. \. The horse is valued at 11000
No Corn
Is URpfl In the Anheuser-Uußch Brewing Ass'n
brands of lip'T Tlip Itnegt nri'J purest for home
and club u«e— strictly pure beer of barley-malt
and hops; r,^ adulteration.
Victim of a Half Breed.
Joseph yon der Lelth, a recent arrival
from Honolulu, met Belle Wiseman, a
half-breed Indian, Wednesday morning 1
and she took him to her apartments at
the Central lodging-house, Third and Mis
sion streets. They talked for a few min
utes and she went out for some beer, but
did not return. Yon der Lcith discovered
that she had taken $410 out of his pocket
and ho notified the police. , Detectives D!
nan and McMahon were detailed on the
case and arrested the woman. She was
booked yesterday on a charge of errand
larceny.
To Be Rebuilt.
The gymnasium connected with Hnitfg
I School at Menlo Park, which was burned
last Saturday, will be rebuilt at once.
Died Suddenly.
Mrs. Ma.Kpio WaldOU died suddenly at
the corner of Twenty-fourth street and
Potrero avenue yesterday afternoon. Sho
was far gone In consumption and was on
her way to the hospital when she expired
on the street. She had resided with her
husband at the Oakland House, corner of
Third and Howard streets. She was 2.3
years old. The body was taken to the
Morgue.
EMBALMED BEEF
FOR SOLDIERS
AT THE FRONT
Twelve Carloads Are
En Route.
SHIPPED FROM KANSAS CITY
SAMUEL C. HAMMOND MAKES A
TIMELY CRITICISM.
As President of the Butchers' Board
of Trade He Condemns the
Use of the Unwholesome
Food.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE
ARMY,
WASHINGTON, March 4, 1R99.
My Dear Sir: I duly received
your very interesting letter con
taining valuable information rela
tive to the Government inspection
of meats, together with photo
graphs of diseased portions with
the United States Government in
spection tag attached. I congratu
late you on the effort you are mak
ing- in the interest of truth, justice
anil humanity.
With reference to your proposi
tion to send affidavits embodying
facts relative to the chemical
treatment of beef, I would he
pleased to have you furnish me at
your earliest convenience nil such
information in order that I may
facilitate tho investigation heing
conducted by a cunt of inquiry,
now In session In this city. With
renewed thank?, I remain, very
truly yours.
NBLSON A. MILEB,
Major General <'>mmandlng.
President Butchers' Board of
Tradi . fc>an Francisco, Cal.
The forngoinp letter of Nelson A. Miles
to President Hammond of the Butchers'
Board of Trade leads up to an interest
ins: story.
The (Sovernmont's purchase of 1,500,000
i"-uin<if! of dressed beef for the soldiers at
Manila, as reported in a recent tele
graphic dispatch, has created a mild son
.■-.iti.m among the meat men of this city.
The further Information that twelve car
-Im,-c!s ur about 800 dressed beeves were
already en xoute to this city to he shipped
to the Philippines has aroused a great
deal of unfavorable comment.
It is claimed by many that the car
casses aro lirinK forwarded in an "om
balmed" state by the very firms who
Ffnt their unwholesome m<>;..t to Santiago.
The further fact that the heavy order was
placed with Kansas «'ity ftrma instead
of with local moat dealers has caused
many inquiries to be made V>y butchers
as to why this was done when this city
is on the PeabOard and Kansas City is in
the interior.
Samuol C. Harhmond, president "f the
Butchers' Board of Trade ami a member
of the well-known firm of Hammond .<c
Brod. discussed the subject at length yes
terday. He read the dispatch and l><Mnt;
vitally Interested In the matter he- m-.iA*
an Investigation on his own account and
rendered an opinion without any hesita
tion.
"The meat to be shipped from here,"
he Said, "is bandied in the same manner
nnd by the same (inns thai sent the 'em
balmed' btVf to the soldiers at Santiago,
and in my opinion the experience with it
in Manila will not be any better than In
Cuba.
"'Embalmed,' as applied to beef, was
first used in this city about six years ago
to describe an odor ami taste which be
longed peculiarly to meal killed and pre-
Berved by artificial means, and le noi due
as much to the use of chemicals as it la to
the method of dressing and preserving
meat after killing cattle as la done by the
big meai trust.
• T Cattle are bound to have thai odor ana
taste because Immediately on th>ir ar
rival at the abattoirs, while in a fever
ish and heated condition due to their trip
cm the cars, they are slaughtered as
quickly .-if; possible, washed In hot water
and run Into i lera with all the animal
heal still in the carcass. This is done
t-i save in weight what would be other
wise lost by the evaporation during the
first twenty-four hours, which would
amount under average conditions to from
twenty-five to forty pounds per carcass,
ami in money would represent, according
to the statement of the number killed by
one Kansas Citj hOUSi . to a .saving of
more* than HO ,OOO per month.
"The animal heat and moisture retained
in the carcass, together with the fact
that the meat i.s K«j«t in illy ventilated
rooms, or worse still, cars, for Quite a
length of time, is what causes that taste
which can onU be described by 'em
balmed.' After being kept more than ten
<lavs in a cooler, particularly if the tem
perature is allowed to vary more nr less
a few degrees, a 'beard' begins to form,
this 'beard' being nothing more than
"mold, 1 exactly the same as would form
on any article kept in a dark, damp place,
and is the forerunner of rapid decompo
sition and naturally adds to the vile taste
of the meal, If such a thing were possi
ble.
"It certainly serins a shame that the
Government should enter Into a contract
to supply our soldiers with more of the
same disgusting, unhealthful nuats after
the experience we have had In Cuba.
How can it be expected that it will prove
any more satisfactory or less deadly in
Manila, where the climatic conditions are
the same, if noi worse, than it did in
Santiago, an it Is prepared in exactly the
same manner and by the identical firms
in both cases.
"While a protectionist and a strong be
liever in home industries, 1 -would rather
see the meats for our soldiers bought in
Australia, where the packers are either
more honest and certainly have [ess in
fluence with our 'Major Qeneral Eagans,
or else have a more successful way of
preserving fresh killed meat. This plan
might be much better, as it would result
in giving our soldiers a chance of being
killed by Mausers and not by the ra
tions served by their own Government.
"Just -why this order for 1.50u,00<) pounds
of beef should be placed at a point so
far removed from seaboard, than on this
coast, which has produced so many cattle,
as to make the price Of beef much lower
here than in any place In the world, Aus
tralia alone possibly except! d, has, i .see,
caused much comment. On Investigation
it will be found that our herds have been
much depleted during the last two years
and to take from this market the neces
sary cattle to fill this large order would
practically cause a beet famine here and
prices would necessarily go up to a figure
unhenrd of heretofore.
"The reason of the scarcity of cattle
on this coast at the present time is due
to the drought of the last two years
During the season of 1897 a very small
amount of rain fell, and the season of
1898 was almost totally dry, there not
being enough water in the rivers to allow
irrigation to land situated so as to re
ceive it. Feed for cattle became so scarce
that a large percentage simply starved to
dearth. In some sections the loss was al
most total; in others, where convenient
to shipping points, the cattle that were
still able to move and stand the strain o t
travel were either sent by their owners to
other points where food could be obtained
or were sold to speculators at ruinous
prices. The latter then shipped them to
Nebraska and other Eastern points where
corn was selling from 8 to 10 cents per
bushel, and were there fattened and sold
on the Eastern market. The representa
tive of an Eastern dressed beef firm who
was here previous to our last copious
rains stated that he alone had bought for
his firm 18,000 head df the Starving cattle
last year and was out here again for the
same purpose. When he found we were
having a general rain he went East.
"The prices ruling here to-day are over
40 per cent higher than last year at this
time. First-class beef to-day is selling
at M 4 and 9 cents per pound, dressed
weight, as against 5®5^4 a year ago. In
the second grade the advance is still more
marked, as beef which could be bought
all last summer at from cents per
pound brings easily 8 cents per pound
now, a difference of fully 100 per cent.
These figures are the wholesale prices to
dealers by the whole carcass. There is
no immediate prospect of prices being any
lower, for the reason that it will take at
least two years to increase our herds to
their normal condition again. With the
abundant grass this year it will be pos
sible to maintain all the increase, and not
more will be disposed of than financial
necessities of growers require or.than will
firing satisfactory prices to the producers.
"Another reason that prices will be as
high or even still higher than at present
rule for the next three months is the fact
that though we have had enough rain to
insure good feed,, it came this year nearly
three months later than usual, and while
grass is growing nicely everywhere our
cattle are very thin and it will be at least
two to three months before even the earli
est of them are in condition to kill.
"In the meantime there are very few
cattle to supply this market, and they are
in the hands of a few firms who have
been feeding them with hay and grain at
the high prices which have bpen ruling
for the past year, anticipating this very
condition of affairs, and even they have
comparatively a small number of the one
mentioned were to be filled. There is no
question but that beef would bring very
high prices— at least 11G12 cents at wholfe
sale."
Chinese Immigrant Escaped.
One of the 352 Chinese passengers who
arrived on the Coptic made his escape
yesterday or the evening before from the
Quarantine station on Angel Island while
nominally in the custody of Dr. Brooks,
Federal Quarantine Officer. The remain
der were landed on the Mail dock yester
day morning and placed in custody of
Customs Surveyor Spear. Only 131 were
for San Franoisco, the remainder being in
transit for Havana, Panama and Van
couver.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We fit
your*
eyes !
Fit them as they should be fitted. Our
optical department Is In charge of an ex-
pert optician. If you are troubled- with
defective vision arising from any cause
come and Bee us and we will examine your
eyes free of all charge. We can Rave you
I as much money on your oculist's pre-
scription as we do on your doctor's pre-
scription. If your glasses don't fit your
nose, bring them In, we'll adjust them—
won't cost you a cent.
ALL WORK GUARANTEED.
Photo Supplies.
A full line of cameras and photo sup-
plies always on hand. Cameras from
$_.-.*> upward.
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
P 949-951 MARKferST
y V / 949-95J MARKfeTSI
Jf "•— - - NEXT TO. MALE BROS. — """
LARGE SUMS TO LEND
On Undivided Interests on Estates.
Real Estate on Probate.
Reversionary and Life Interests on Real and
Personal Property.
Annuities and Legacies.
Or will buy outright.
Life Insurance Policies bought or loaned on.
Patents sold on favorable terms, and capital
procured to develop and perfect meritoriou*
Inventions or Ideas.
Amounts from
$10,000 to $500,000
Available for Investment on Mortgage or
Revenue Producing Securities.
For terms and particulars address.
R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery St., San Francisco. Cal.
tFINE TAILORING
FINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go tc
JOE POHEIi
All Wool Suits to &JO  £Qr
Order from 4> l/, " $30
Pantsfrom . $4 to s|o
201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
liiOand 11 12 Market St., S.F.
485 >4th Street, Oakland, cal.
SWEET Use /*%
RESTFUL Woodbury's fojM
SLEEP Facial Soap \^r
Follows a bath with WOODBURVS Facial
Boap, and the face, neck and arms and hands
rendered beautifully white, soft and smooth
with WOODBURY'S Facial Cream. For Bale
everywhere.
OOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOO
% t ?f palace: *■"•?%
g GRAND HO g
" SAN FRANCISCO £?
Connected by a coverM passageway.
1400 Room — 900 v h ath Attached. 0
O i All Under One 'ii..n.igement. Q
0 NOTE THE PRICES: O
0 European Plan. 6 1.00 per d«y and upward Q
O American Plan. $J».<)o per day .and upward _
Correspondence Solicited. v»
0 JOHN 0. RIR2FATP.ICK. Managtr. O
ooooooocooocoooooo
H^~vFtalis
Ist Day. ■**.*&*. *& THE NEW
IW.r- 10th D»y. «iw» -^W V inEflvfflß
YITALIS 20tl1 '' tEL M DCliCnv
PBdDI (KS THF ABOTK 80th Day. llblll 111I II
BK8( I.TB. It quickly A surely removes Nervousness, Impotency,
nightly Emission*, Evil Dream. W.i»tini: Wnum an .11 off « ts
•fulf^buMorexctasand indiscr-tiun. Restores L^t vitality
Power and Falling Memory. Ward-, iff Insanity and Or,. ,m-
-lion. Curt* when all others fail. Insist on having VITM. Is.
no othor. Can bo carried in the vest pocket. I)y mail jM.Oo
per parkapc or six for $5.00 with a juar»n!e» to Cure or
llt'limil the Moiu>. Circolor Free. Address
«JAM:M Wilt CO., 884 llearborn St., Chirac*
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation.
Price }1 a bottle. For sale by druggists,
lilt's Indian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
who have used them for forty years to curs
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTI-
PATION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. Plm-
Dles and purify the blood. ■ ■■ '
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' " " _"_;___ ' '
HIS HOLINESS POPE LEO XIII
Jff||||^ AWARDS GOLD MEDAL
ll^^^r^--^«B^^^^ll ' n R ec °g n 'tion of Benefits Received from
MARIANI WINE TONIC-FOR BODY, BRAIN AND NERVES.
■•;'. ■',-. ,\J  . ... SPECIAL OFFER-To all who write us mention-
Gold Medal I resented by HU Hji thss paper we send a book containing portraits
Hrtlness Pope Leo Km to « nd endorsements of EMPERORS, EMPRESS,
Monsieur Anselo Marl- PRINCES. CARJINADS. ARCHBISHOPS and other
am of tans. distinguished personages.
MARIANI & CO.. 52 WEST ISTH STREET, NEW YORK.
Sold at all Dru££lsts Everywhere. . Avoid Substitutes. Beware of Imitations.
Part?— 4l Boulevard Haussmann: London— S3 Mortimer street; Montreal— S7 St. James street.
At Auction!
TUESDAY,
TUESDAY APRIL 25. 1899.
At 12 O'clock Noon,
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market Street
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
North side (1620) Geary street. 163 feet east
of Webster; 27:6x137:6 feet— Sunny house of 10
rooms and bath; modern conveniences.
MISSION HOME. •
West side (20) Diamond street, 195:2 feet south
of 17th; 24:10xl2o feet— Modern two-story house,
6 rooms, bath; basement; frescoed.
TEHAMA-STREET INVESTMENT.
Northwesterly Fide (161-66) Tehama street, 103
feet northeasterly from Third; 25x70 feet —
Three-story building of four tenements; rents
?32; good condition.
McALLISTER-STREET FLATS.
South side (IMS) McAllister, street, 131:3 feet
west of Lyon; 25x137:6— flats of 6, 5 and
5 rooms and bath; rents Hi.
MISSION COTTAGE.
East side (923) Alabama street, 210 feet south
of 2iPt; 25X100 feet— Modern cottage, 8 rooms
and bath; basement; rents $20.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
North Bide (6) McLea court, off 9th; 23x75
feet — Cottage of 4 rooms, and two-story house,
6 rooms, In rear; rents |I,'.
MISSION HOME.
Northwest corner of Corbeti road and Hattis
street: 25x75, through to 17th street— Cottage of
4 rooms and bath; basement; new; rents $13.
MISSION CORNER.
Northeast corner San Bruno avenue and 25th
t-trf-et; 2."ixloo— Store, with 3 rooms and flat of
4 rooms above.
MISSION LOTS.
East side Castro street, 65:6 feet south of
Addlson street; 50x112— Two lots near Mission
Zoological Gardens.
CHEAP BUILDING LOTS.
East line Corbett road, near Caselll avenue —
Two lots, all graded and sewered; 25:10x155
each.
EASTON, ELDBIDGE & CO.,
638 Market Street, Auctioneers.
IM4U&-1H
THE SECOND INSTALLMENT OF REAL
Estate Taxes will be delinquent April 24. at
6 p. m., after which 5 per cent will be added.
The office vill be open from 7 to 9 p. m.
on April 22.
SATURDAY. April 15, positively last day of
receiving checks.
ED. I. SHEEHAN.
San Francisco, April 6, 1599. ■
D&MCMLTY.
riMIFS WELL-KNOWS AND RELIABLKOLD
I. .Special istcur«« Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases <>, Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
, \V>:ikness<?B of Men. free. Over 20y'rs' experience.
Patients cured at Homo. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
tn3<iHtiy:tf.3otnB::*i o\'g<*. Suudnva, 10 to 12. Consul-
free and sacredly confidential, dill, or address
P. BOSCttB MrXILTY. M.I).
•26' ? Kearny St., Han Francisco. Cal.
I DR.PIERCES I
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE I
Bt_OOP,I.BVERTB.t)ft!GS}I
r - > jgmsjß^ m^^2Ja remedy fur Gonorrhoea,
iwsr' t'l'R Es'^H >-l'»"t, Spermatorrhcta,
/jKsßr hi l iosd»Ti.^W White*, unnatural Mi.
ratf . r.rirmufj gj rharK>'«, or any infl.imma-
M""jJ "<" «o strtetore. tion, irritation or ul. era-
F-V-<|l'rsr (!r .t a coutagion. tion if til ii m v 5 mem-
|fg*ITHFEvANSCHLMT»; t ""-'t"" i - Non-asti ut
Va^CiNCiNHATi.o BBH * old by <*»■■";*»•»*.
0.3.1- 2S» ? Bent '" P lain wrapper,
k»bw^' ''? exprene. prepaid, tot
V^bbbbsbbbb9v^ 0 V i 1 <" 3 bottles, p.:*.
■ Circular tout uu tmf^c~%
Ti'DJIQTST?Q roR BARBERS. RAX-
DnUijllJjlJ t<«. bootblacks, bath-
*^ •*■•*' *~ !-.-■<-.«»!«. billiard table*.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannerm.
dy»r». flournillls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories
(tablemen. tnr-™«''or* tnnn«»r«. tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 3;
lA/. X. HESS,
HOTARY PUBLIO AND ATTORNEY-AX LA"»,
Ttiun Floor, Koom lulu. Clauu iiprecbeis Bids.
Telephone Brown ML
Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell.
Ean Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs/ Ernestine Krellnur, Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT,
The French Vaudeville Operetta,
THE LITTLE TROOPER,
MATINEE TO MORROW AT 2.
NEXT "WEEK— The Merry Comedy Opera.
"THE GEISHA."
"A TALE OF A TEA HOUSE."
"With CHAS; W. SWAIN, FRANK COFFIN,
TILLIE SALINGER, GEORGIE COOP-
ER added to the company.
Popular Prices, tie and iOc. Our Telephone,
Bush 9.
MARKET STREET, NEAR EIGHTH.
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
BATTLE OF
MANILLA
BAY
ENTRANCE OF AMERICAN FLEET
SPANIARDS ON GUARD. DEWET. ON THE
BRIDGE. SPANISH SHIPS IN i FLAMES
FIRST CALIFORNIA REGIMENT STORMING
FORT SAN ANTONIO. MANILA. CAVITE.
Open Daily, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m
ADMISSION, 60c; CHILDREN, 25c.
• : • Opera Glasses."
, H. GILMOUR, Manager.
■ :-•■•-'
AMUSEMENTS.
GREAT NEW COMEDY BILL I
FAVOR AND SINCLAIR,
In Their New Act, "A High Roller."
CLARICE VANCE,
Rag-Time Comedy.
TOM AND LILY ENGLISH. Musical Come-
dians.
THE ANDERSONS, Darktown Comedy.
LILLIAN BURKHART AND COMPANT la
New Farce Comedy, "Extravagance."
MARSHALL P. WILDER,' New Stories.
HENGLKR SISTERS, PANTZER BROS.
AND MLLE. LARDINOIS.
SPECIAL
MATINEE TO-DAY!
BENEFIT
FRUIT AND FLOWER MISSION.
FULL ORPHEUM BILL AND
HOST OF VOLUNTEERS,
PRICES-^Lower Floor, 60c. Balcony Be.
Doors open at 1 p. m. 6harp. Curtain rises
at 1:45 p. m.
ROSNER'S FAMOUS
HUNGARIAN ORCHESTRA.
By Permission of Musicians' Mutual Protec-
tive Union.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
- LAST 3 PERFRMANCES.
.BOSTON I ANS.
TO-NIGHT— TIME,
"THE SERENADE,"
Sat. Mat. and Night— "ROBIN HOOD."
EXTRA-NEXT mONnAY,
ROLAND REED
IN GEORGE H. BROADHURSTS COMEDY.
"THE WRONG MR, WRIGHT."
SEATS NOW SELLING.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
EVERY EVENING. INCLUDING SUNDAY,
MATINEE SATURDAY.
I * JOHNNY— EMMA.
I 3 In the howling farce,
JRAYS
JOHNNY— EMMA.
In thf> howling farce,
9 A OLD TIME!
OLD TIME !
THE LAUGHING LIMIT.
I^RAND OPERA-HOUSE, S{? coe op h e°^
THIS EVENING AT 8.
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
In a Superb Revival of Jacobowski's Beautiful
ERMINIE !
Every Member of This Famous Lyric Organ-
ization in the Cast.
FRIDAY EVENING FULL, DRESS
PRICES:
Orchestra 50c, 75c and $1
Dress Circle (Reserved) 50
Family Circle (Reserved) 2S C
Gallery 15<j
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Prices, 15c. 25c and 50c; Nothing Higher.
NEXT WEEK— "EL CAPITAN."
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2.
TO-NIGHT, SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Last Performances of
A BAD LOT
Invented by the Patlltona for its fun-producing
qualities.
Next Monday — The Madison-square Theater,
New York, Success,
CAPTAIN SIA/IFT.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
LAST PERFORMANCE THIS AFTERNOON
AT 3:30 O'CLOCK.
Lan Madaren,
Under the Direction of MAJOR J. B. POND.
SUBJECT:
"A DOCTOR OF THE OLD SCHOOL"
Being the life and death of Dr. William Mo-
Clure of Drumtochty.
RESERVED SEATS 50c and yi.QQ
CONCERTS AND KEoOATS.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
Commencing MONDAY, April IT, at 8:15 o'clock
POPE LEO XIII ifvl^To AY
Biographic Exhibition of Marvelous Moving
Pictures of His Holiness. POPE LEO XIII.
The coronation ceremonies of Queen Wllh»l-
-m1na of Holland. The return of heroes of the
late war, and many other moving views. Grand
vocal and Instrumental music. Afternoons at
3 o'clock. Evenings at S:l5 o'clock. Admission
£0 edits; children. 25 cents.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing, Bowling, Boating. Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments Jat city prices. Fare round
trip. 25c; Children, 15c; Including admission
to grounds. • .
THE STEAMER UKIAH
Will leave Tlburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m. f 11:10,
I and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo *t
11:15 a. m.. 1. 2 and 6 v m.
TR
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
BtTMMART OF THTO MAItKBTS.
Shipment of I .TOW to China.
Silver unchanged;
Sterling Exchange advanced.
Wheat somewhat higher.
Barley quiet and unchanged.
Seed Onts lower and dull.
Corn and Rye unchanged.
No improvement In Hoy.
Bran sund Middlings firm.
No further change in Beans.
Potatoes and Onions in ample receipt.
Butter and Cheese easy.
Eastern Eggs withdrawn from market.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry "old.
Cherries in continued light receipt.
Strawberries sold higher.
Pom age to Prune crop confirmed.
Provisions unchanged.
Another advance 11 Hogs.
Large shipment* of SiUt to Nlcolaefskl.
STAPLE EXPORTS FOR MARCH.
Preliminary reports of the exports of leading
staples rrom the United States for March In
clude 1.615.541 barrels flour, 8,888.999 bushels
wheat, 16,817,300 bushels corn. 360,627 bales cot
ton, 5i,273,703 gallons mineral oils, 23,539 bead
of live stock, nearly 40,000.000 pounds beef, V2i.-
H vi 000 pounds of Ivig products. The values ■ ■'.
these staples exported compare as follows with
the same month lust year:
Br-adsiuffe J2i.4..7,9tf5 $19,869,063 |
Provisions 18.07C.45J 16.544.977
Mineral oils 4.243,945 5,921.534
Cotton J3.3iJ4.256 11.294.578
tall J70.712.648 $63,390,143 j
MONET IN CIRCULATION.
According to a treasury statement the money
In circulation In the United State* on the flret
of March was us follows:
Gold coin 1694.65.90
Silver dollars 64.68M5S
Small silver 9 - 4^-**}
Gold certilloates JSMSrSS i
Silver certificates • 5..b,5.4,00i
Treasury notes S H: 5> ;;;
United Slates notes B «',«*iK
Currency certificates -~ » c«
National bs.nk notes 240,161.480
Total $1,927,646,042 !
m is"!.::::::::: u5g.m5.645
Increase J17L755.297
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
Tip City of Klo de Janeiro took out a treas
ure list of $77,090, consisting of $5130 in Mexican
dollars, $«7.96'> in silver bullion aad $4000 In
Peruvian soles.
DEFICIENCY IN THE CIRCULATION.
The circular of Henry Clews, under date of
New York. April 15, sa>6:
••it U not easy to nnd any 'bear' elements in
the Wall street situation as it now stands.
Rather the position favors the prospect of a
strong market and a bullish tendency in specu
lation until the fall months. Beyond that
period, however, there are monetary possibili
ties which will need to be watched. There are i
very evident symptoms that the supply of cir- j
culatlon is falling short of the requirements of ,
our largely Increased businebs. It is true, there :
has been an increase of the money in actual
circulation the amount having risen from
Si 756.000 000 on April 1. IS9S, to $1,927,800,000 on
the first of this month— a gain of $171,800,000;
but of this increase $112.700,uvH) has consisted of
gold which is almost entirely unavailable for
active use in trade; so that we may say the
increase in the furms of money available for
retail transactions is only about $00, 000,0*)
within the last twelve months. This increase ia
the active circulation, outside of gold, Is at the
rate of 3.4 per cent, while the increase in the ;
transactions of the clearing houses ■: th- coun
try was 4 ( >.S per cent within the same period;
whii h shown an amazing disparity between the
expansion of the active circulation and that of
the general trade of the country as expressed
ia our banking operations. There seems to be
no hnpe of the demand for more currency be
ing met through an increase of note issues by
the national banks, for during the nm quarter
of the current year the banks withdrew over
$6,000,000 of bonds deposited for circulation. The
only existing way through whi'-h this want can
t.e met is by the treasury returning to the
i3uue of gold certificates, which would have ,
the effect of giving circulation to a considerable '
rum of now idle gold. These facts demonstrate
'he necc-fstty for Congress taking up the cur
rency situation as one of the first measures I
after its assembling.
"The money situation will be materially lm- j
proved next week by the payment of the 80,
--000.000 peace treaty money to th° :r,:-!i Gov
ernment, as it will come direct from the New
York suti-treasury into • the New York City
banks, and it is now quite certain that bills of .
exchange will be remitted in place of forward
ing the gold, it being cheaper to do so. It is j
reported from Washington that the Secretary
will recoup the treasury gradually from the
Government funds in the national depository
r.anks at the rate of $l,ow,i)00 a week. The
banks will therefore gain $19,000,000 by th«
operation, fts they will receive $29,000,000 and
only pay out $l.oort,nni) next week."
WEATHER REPORT.
(130 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 20, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonable rainfalls
to date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Fi;r<-ka .. . 0.00 31.55 31.16
}'.ed Bluff 0.00 19.29 12.71
Sacramento 0.00 13.91 5.?7
H.m Francisco 0.00 15.3$ 7.75
Fresno 0.00 6.62 4.16
£an Luis Oblspo 0.00 14. 6.06
Lob Angeles 0.00 4.73 6.28
Han Diego 0.00 4.54 4.18
Vuma O.CpO 1.34 1.61
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
SO; minimum, E4: mean, 07.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is generally cloudy over Wash
ington and Oregon and clear over the remaln
lns districts west of the Rocky Mountains.
Light ruin has fallen in Western Washington.
The pressure Is falling in the interior and
rising along the Washington coast.
The temperature has rls*en west of the Rocky
Mountain!!, except in Arizona, where it has
fallen slightly. The greatest rise was over
the plateau region and In the San Joaquin Val
ley, amounting to frcm 12 to 18 degrees. The
highest temperature In the Sacramento Valley
approximated y> degrees and in the San Jua
quin SO degrees.
conditions are favorable for fair and con
tinued warm weather Friday,
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
huurs ending mldnipht. April 21:
Northern California—Fair Friday, continued
warm in the interior; cooler along the coast
in the afternoon; light variable winds.
Southern California—Fair Friday; continued
warm; IIkM west wind.
Nevada—Fair Friday; continued warm.
Utah—Fair; warmer Friday.
Arizona- Fair; warmer Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Friday;
cotitinuod warm during the day; cooler in the
afternoon; light variable wind, becoming brisk
weu in the afternoon. O. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW TOHK STOCK MAJRKKT.
NEW YORK, April 20.— Stocks to-day gravi
tated Rlowly below yesterday's level. Influ
ences affecting price values were the contin
ued strength and rising prices of starling ex
change and reports of damage to winter wheat.
There was some strength about the opening,
but the outside demand being email, encour
aped the boars to put out short lines, the
Belling movement being most confident around
delivery hour. The Impression on values was
very large as a rule and covering movements
left the net change of the day moderate.
Trading was of a listless sort, and although
»W dealings were about half a million shares,
little Interest was manifested in the uncer
tain vibrations of stocks. The railways gen
eially moved thin narrow limits. Anaconda
Mining advanced 6%, the purchases being in
f .n-.o volume for London account, where th»
demand was represented to cover sales of
privileges which would be called. Among the
tpecialtiea Continental Tobacco dipped sharp
ly, closing near two points off. The Flower
stocks were under pressure, but left off with
narrow changes either way. Southern Rail
way and Louisville and Nashville, on their
Joint purchase of the Birmingham Southern
Railway, held firm against large London sales.
American Smelting and Refining opened
strong on its first day's trading in the un
listed department and then rolled down. The
market ciosed steady.
The increased activity and strength in the
bond markets reflects Investment buying, which
is very heavy in mmi of the newly issued
mortgages. Total Bales, $4,000,000. U. S. 2a
re*, advanced }*, the U re« ■&, and the new
4b reg. Vs In the bid price.
Total sales of etocks to-day, X.5.764 shares,
including: American Hm'-lUng- and Refining.
17.000; American Spirits, 7100; American Steel
& Wire, 6600; American Sugar, 7400; American
Tin Plate. SBOO; Anaconda, 29.200; Atchlson
3500: Aichlson preferred, J4.200; Brooklyn Ra.D-
Id Transit. 44.600; Brooklyn Rights, 0600- Bur
lington, 2S.SCO; Chicago Consolidated Traction
£600; Colorado Fuel and Iron, 12,800; Continen
tal Tobacco, 88,600; Federal Steel, 10.600- Great
Northern, 3700; Manhattan Consolidated. 11 SCO-
Metropolitan, 4000; Missouri Pacific, 8600 Na
tional Steel 12,200; Pacific Mall, 6100; North
American, 8100; People's Oas, 8600; Reading
fir«t preferred, 14,800; Readjng second pre
faced. 3100; Rock Island, 6100; St. Paul 10 000
--bouthern Railway, 15,400; Southern Railway
preferred, 44,600; Tennessee Coal ana Iron.'
MjMO; Union Pacific. 4000; Western Union!
PMWf
CLOSING STOCKS. \ '
.Atehlnon 29% Xt Louis & S W... itv
Do pntA 61 Do prefd. 342
Baltimore A Ohio, 72"r4 Ht Paul 128
Canada, Paclflo.... 49% Do prefd ia»
, Canada Southern.. 67 St P & Om 95
I Cent Pao 6'>% Do prefd ICS
1 dies & Ohio 27 So Pacific J3V4
Chi & Alton 16$ iSo Railway 12% ,
' Chi It & Q 144' Do prefd 63%
Chi & E 111 Texas & Pacific.... 23
Do pro.'d 133 Union Pacific 48H
1 Chi O W 15% Do prefd 79%
Chi Ind & L 10% U P D & 0 12%
Do prefd 47 IWabash 8
Chi & N W 161 I Do prefd 23%
Do prefd 19S Wheel &L E 13%
C C C & St L.... 60% I Do prefd 35V»
Do prefd 87 | Express Companies—
Del & Hudson 124% j Adams Ex 110
Del L & W 173 'American Ex I+o
i Den & Rio G 22 , United States ■■ 63
I Do prefd 78% WelU Fargo 127
Erie (new) L 3% Miscellaneous-
Do Ist prefd 37% ' A Cot Oil 3! 51 *
Ft Wayne 134 , Do prefd 92%
Gt Nor prefd 194%' Am Spirits 14%
Hocking Val 9% Do prefd 38%
i Illinois Cent 115 Am Tubaeco 2:i4- 2
• Lake Erie & W.... 16% Do prefd 143
Do prefd 68% Cons Gas 196%
1 Lake Shore 2uo Com Cable Co.. ISO
i Louis & Nash 66"-* Col F & Iron  49
I Manhattan L 124% Do prefd 109
I Met St Ky 2;.t> Gen Electric 119
' Mich Cent 113 Haw Com Co 100
I Minn & St L 61% Brooklyn l< T 131%
1 Do Ist prefd 9SH : Intl Paper 63^
!Mo Pacific ."!■■•s Do prefd 63
: Mobile Ohio 48% Laclede Gas 64 !
. ! Mo X & T IS% Lead S4'4
.1 D 1 prefd 4jV Do prefd 112% ,
, N .1 Central 120 .Nat Lin Oil' 4
! N V Central 140% Pacific Mail 52%-
N V Chi & St L... 14 [People's Gas... 126^
; Do Ist prefd 66 ; Pullman Pal lti'.' ; a
Do 2d prefd .SI Silver Certificates. 59%
Nor West \&% Standard R & T... I"'..
i No Amir Co 11% Sugar 165
. No Pacific 62% Do prefd 117%,
i Do prefd 78% TC & Iron 86%
I Ontario & W 27% U 9 Leather 6%
; Or U & Nay prefd. 70 : Do prefd 73%
Or Short Line 41% U B Rubber 62Vi
Pac C let prefd 85 j Do prefd 115 :
Do Zd prefd 58 Western Union — 98%
Pituburg IS4 Am S&W Co 66%
Reading 24% Do prefd 97%
! Do Ist prefd 66 Federal Steel 67 T i
ROW 33 , Do prefd S6l;
Do prefd 76 'Pao Coast 40
j Rock Island 116^1 Nor & W prefd 87%
St Louis & B F.... 11%: Colo Southern 64 :
Po prefd 6:1 ! Do Ist prefd 51%
Do M prefd 89?4I Do M prefd 20%
CLOSING BONDS.
! U 6 2s reg 100 ,L & N Unl 45...... 96%
I Do 3s reg 108 N V Cent lets ....115
. Do coup 10S% N .1 C gen 5s 119
D S new 49 reg — North Carolina 65. 127
Do coup 130 I Di Is 1"4
U S old 4s reg IV. -. N P lsts 120
Do coup 11314, Do 3s OS
VS 6a reg 1111* Do 4s 103%»
Do coup 113 NYC &S L 45 .10*:;
District 3.65s 117 Nor & W con 45.. Ki\ %
Ala class A 110 Do gen Cs 130
Do H 110 Or Nay Ists 112»»
Do C 100 Do 4s 103
Do Currency ....100 O S Line 6s .. ITOH
Ateh gen 4.- 101% Do oon as 112
Do adjt 4s S6 .Reading Gen ■i- SS>v;
! Canada So 2ds ...111 IR G W lltl ... 97%
C & O *%s 94% S 1. & I M Con 55. 110
Do 08 120% S 1. a.- S F Gen 6».123*i
C & N Con 75... 144<i St Paul Con 16S*»
Do deb 5s 133 S P C & P 15t .122
Chicago Term 4s "101 Do 5s 121%
DA R G Ists ....l''SU So Ry 5* 108%
Do 4s 101*; Standard R & T 6s 90
:ETVa &Ga lsts. 100 Term new set 35.. 97
i Erie Gen 4s 2% I Texas & Pac Ists. ll4
I 1" \V & D C Ists.. 85 .| Do 2ds 54%
; Gen El -c 5s 116% D P 4s 106%
GH&3 Ato 11l I" PD & C lsts .. 90Vfe
Do Ids limjWabash Ists 116-. 8
H & T C 5a 111 1 -! Do 2ds BS
Do Con 6s 110 West Shore 4s ....114%
: lowa Cent Ists 109% Wis Cent lsts .. GS»i
I X C 1' & O l6ts.. 66 Va Centuries v; : 'i
i La new con 4s no ! Do deferred .... 9
M K& T 2ds 63 Colo Southern 43.. 86%
Do 43 94 i
MINING STOCKS.
■Chollar 25 Ontario ». 7 12
Crown Point 16 Ophir 100
1 Con Cal & Va 1 ?0 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 2 75
Gould ><• Curry.... 32 Do profd SSO
Hale & Norcross.. 20 Sierra Nevada 30
Humestake 55 00 Standard 2 50
Iron Silver 50 Union Con 40
Mexican 60 Yellow Jacket .... 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land s
i Call loans 3 Mich Tel S5"»
! Time loans .""-.■; 4 Ed Elec Tel 200
Stocks— At. -I: prefd 60%
AT & St Fe 20% Bonds—
j Amer Sugar 165 Atch 4s 103
Do prefd 118 ,Wlb Cent Is 68
Bell Tel 360 ! Mining Shares-
Boston .it Albany. 2s3 Allouez Mm Co 11» 4
I Boston & Maine. .l 77 Atlantic 33
I Boston L 89 Boston & Mont 374
I Chi B & Q 144 1 * Butte & Boston.. 95
I Fitchburg 117% Calumet & Hecla..S3s
Gen Electric 119 Centennial ££_•»
Fed Steel 67^, Franklin iib'/i
Mexican Cent — 11- Old Dominion .. . 46H
I Old C■. ■■:•• 205 Osceola 92i£
Union Pac 4o 3 g Qulnc 165
, West End 95 Tamarack 235
Do prefd 115 Parrott 57
Westingh Elec ... 48 Adventure 13*^
Do prefd 64',;. Humboldt I^4.
I Wis Cent 2 iWlnona 17
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, April £o.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, }2M,Ob3,GM; sold re
serve, i 242.0-47.270.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April M.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were active and firmer.
Americans oi/ened about parity, then sagged
; languidly till in the street, where they re
' covered somewhat on American purchases.
Southern Railway, Norfolk and Western and
copper shares started strong, but there was free
realization in view of the settlement. Tintoa
were iC*<iiA6 3-16; Anacondas, 10 11-16@11 7-16;
Utah?, ;■-«. Boston, 2%.
.V/! :■; CLOSING.
LONDON, April 20. Canadian Pacific, 91%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 81; Union Paclflo
preferred, &l&»: Grand Trunk. si, : bar silver,
steady, 27% d per ounce; money, I' 4 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
XEW YORK. April 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
barrels; exports • active and
i steadier for spring patents.
WHEAT— Receipts, 12.955 bushels. Spot,
easy; No. 2 red, BS^c f. o. b. afloat and ele
vator; No. 1 Northern, S6^c f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened firmer on cable news, but de
clined unrter realising. a sharp midday recov
ery on predicted frosts In Kansas and Mis
souri was succeeded by a final break under
heavy Western selling and local realizing. The
close was easy at 'fi'^Tic net decline. May,
78» 4 '379Tjc. closed 7&c; July. 79't/Bf>»ic, closed
79>«c; September, 79@79 15-We, closed 79c; De
cember. 79TfcGSlc, closed 80c.
HOPS '.juiet.
WOOL — Quiet.
HIDES— DuII.
METALS— Spelter and copper exhibited pro
nounced strength all day on Increased demand
and a withdrawal of sellers, while on the other
hand tin, lead and Iron snowed unmistakable
Bigns of weakness, with buyers few and Car
between. At the close the Metal Exchange
called:
PlGlßON— Warrants a shade easier, with
$10 60 bid and 110 75 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Firmer, with $1S 75 bid.
TIN Easier, with $25 bid and $25 13 asked.
LEA D— with $4 20 bid and M SS asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 10 and for cop
per $19.
SPELTER— Strong, with $6 65 bid and $6 75
asked.
COFFEE— Options closed dull at net un
changed prices. Sales, 2500 bags, including:
May. J4 ftf.ifio: June. V' 06; July. 15 15; Novem
ber, $5 45; March. $5 75. Spot coffee— Rio, quiet; \
No. 7 invoice, '-•, No. ! Jobbing, 6fic; mild,
quieter; Cordova, *s@l3e.
SUGAR— Haw, firm; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 3680 packages. Unset
tled: Western creamery. 15ft'lSc; factory f 13©
14Vic.
Receipts, 8350 packages. Steady at
decline; Western, 13»i<i?UHe; Southern, 13%{#
13^ic.
DRIED FP.UTTS.
NEW YORK, April 20. -California dried
fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7®BV4c;
prime wire tray, S%(g9c; choice, 9@9%0; fancy,
9*;{floc.
PRUNES— 4U@9V4c.
j APRICOTS— RoyaI, 18%@14c; Moorpark, 140
ISc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9®l3c; peeled. 25®230.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 20.— Warm rains throughout
the Southwest, where fears of blight had pre
| vailed, together with sugnestlons of an Im-
I provement in the crop situation from other
. sections, gave wheat a weak start. May
; opened %o to Via lower, at 74 hie, and advanced
I to 75Vic. All the opening strength oozed out
ward the end of the session. May declined to
i 73% c and closed at 74®74Hc. Primary Western
I market receipts were only 261.000 bushels, com-
I pared with 433.000 bushels a year ago. Atlan
| tic port clearances of wheat and flour were
equal to 211.000 bushels. Crop reports as a
whole were unfavorable, but In several cases
conflicting, and the market had many changes
i within a moderate range. Liquidation con
; tinued, however, on all the hard spots and
I near the close the market was in a very heavy
I mood. Short selling by Wall-street Interests
i and heavy selling in September from the North
west also had a bearish Influence. July fluctua
tions kept in close touch with May at nic to
IVic premium.
[ Speculative Interest was limited In corn and
a slightly lower range of prices was estab-*
llshed. Rains throughout the corn States and
indications of Increased acreage had a de
pressing Influence. May corn closed %c to %o
. lower.
(tats were weak and lower In sympathy with
I the leading grains. There was an enormous
cash demand, but it was said to be old busi
ness transacted under the reduced export rates
inaugurated yesterday, but withdrawn to-day
on the plea that it was a mistake. May oats
closed 14c to 140 lower.
Provisions were firm and fairly active owing
to higher prices at the yards and hotter de
t jnaod for meats. Part of the advance was lost
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY,
near the close. May pork opened 2%c higher at
$9 15, advanced to $9 20 and closed with buyers
at $9 15. The range In lard and ribs was small.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 74% 75- 73% 74H
j July 76 76«4 75 762
September 76% 76% 74% 74%
Corn No. 2—
May 35Vi 36* 35 35
July •••■ 35»i 86:4 35% 35% |
September 36Vi 36% 36% 38 1
Oats No. 2—
May 26% 2«% 26% 26%
; July •••• 24% 2474 24% . 24%
September 23 23% 23 23 i
.Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 915 920 9 12% 915
July 9 37% 940 930 9 32%
September 9 52% 965 950 960
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 525 525 6 25% 625
July 5 37% 640 535 5 3744
September 550 5 52% 560 560 I
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May 4 77Va 4SO 475 4 77%
July 4 90 4 96 4 90 4 90
September 505 5 ('7% 6 02% 6 02% <
Cash quotations were as follows:
Floor, steady; moderate demand: No. 2
spring wheat, 74®74%c; No. 3 spring wheat, .
Cf>@72c; No. 2 red, 76<J?7Sc; No. 2 corn. 35% c; No. i
2 oats, 27-} 4 c; No. 2 white. 30®31c; No. 3 white, i
29Vi@30>.ic; No. 2 rye, 67e; No. 2 barley, 37"@ i
47c; No. 1 flax seed, $1 20; new winter $1 24;
prime timothy seed, $2 32^(^2 35; mess pork,
per barrel, $9 15@9 20; lard, per 100 pounds,
$.'> 22%@6 25; short ribs sides (loose). $4 45@4 90:
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 4%!g'4~£c; short
clear sides (boxed), $4 96<&6 OB: whisky, distil
lers' finished goods," per gallon, $126.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10,000 11.000 j
Wheat, bushels 25,000 • 16,000 I
Corn, bushels 167.000 99,000 :
Oats, bushels 157,000 134,000
Rye bushels 6,000 20.000
Barley, bushels £ 38,000 6.000 :
Oh the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was quiet and easy. Creameries, 13®
is. Dairies, im@l6c. Eggs, steady: fresh,
12% c Cheese, easy; Creameries, 11%@12%c.
LIVERPOOL. FUTURES. ®
Wheat— . May. July,
Opening 6 8 ' 6 BVi
Closing 6 6% 6 8%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— April. May.-Aug.
Opening -. 42 65 43 40
Closing 42 70 43 40
Wheat-
Opening '. 21 00 21 05
Closing 2105 2110
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, April 20.— CATTLE— Dull, 10@15o
lower than' at the close of last week. Fancy
grades, $6 fiOJffi 85; choice steers, $5 25<g'5 56;
mediums, $4 6694 86; beef steers, $4®4 60; stock
era and feeders, $3 76@4 60; cows and heifers,
?3 40(§4 25; bulls, ?2 60@4 10; Western fed steers,
$4 20<§5 30; Texas steers, $3 70<g>4 85; calves,
$3 50^5 60.
Small offerings of hogs to-day advanced
prices 5 cents, sales being made at the high
est figures since last September. Poor to best
grades. J2 75«14 10, the greater part at $434 05;
plgp. $3 50@3 86.
Demand for sheep continued active at rul
ing prices. Shorn lambs. f4 Ss@s 10; very
choice lots, J5 25; Colorado wooled lambs, $5 75
(go S7V4; spring lambs, $7@9 per 100 pounds;
yearlings, $4 So@s, and sheep, $3@5.
Receipts— Cattle, 9500; hogs, IS, 000; sheep,
' 10,000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. April 20.— Consols. 110%: silver,
27% d; French rentes, 102f; wheat cargoes oft
coast, firm, but not active; cargoes on passage,
sellers at advance 3d; cargoes Walla Walla,
27s 9d: English country markets, generally 6d
dearer.
LIVERPOOL, April 20.— Wheat, firm; wheat
in Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather In
England, tine.
COTTON— Uplands. 3%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, No. 1 Northern Duluth, firm,
6s 4d. Futures, quiet; May, 6a l id; July, 6s
B%d.
CORN — Spot, American mixed new, firm, 3s
s<4d; American old. steady, 3s 4d. Futures,
steady; April. 33 6d; May. 3s 6%d; July, 3s ;. 7 d.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. April Clearings, J2BL
-066; balances, $59,378.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. April SO.— European
wheat market was still showing an advance on
futures to-day and caruoes had not lost any
thing. There was an active milling demand.
Valley is quiet at SSKg^Oq and blue stem 61@62c.
WASHINGT< »N.
TA< OMA, April 2 Wheat la firm at the quo
tatiuiit '..'l VVednesuay, Arben an aavance >>f !»c
waa suatain«"l. club remains ai I'ic: blue stem.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 So
Sterlins Exchange, sig-ht — 4 87Vi
Sterling Cables — 4 8"*
New York Exchange, sight — 19
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12^
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59^
Mexican Dollars — 48Q48-4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
I WHEAT— The Chicago market continued
i nervous and unsettled, but there was less ex-
I citement. There were more buyers than sellers.
1 It was snowing In the Northwest. The Kansas
State report stated that 26 per cent of the
ground seeded has to be plowed up and that
the condition of the crop in the remainder is
6*5 per cent.
The local market was somewhat higher on the
spot but about the same on call.
Spot Wheat- Shipping, $1 074®l 10; milling,
$1 12 V) 1 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
18,000 tls. $1 L6H; 34,000, $1 15%.'
Second Session— December— Booo ctls, $1 18.
May— i"oo, $1 10%; 2000, $1 10%.
Regular Morning Session December — 4000 ctls,
$1 1..; 10,000. $1 15%; 26,000, $1 15%. May— 2ooo,
$1 io».fe: 4000. Ji 09-4.
Afternoon Session — December— 66,ooo ctla,
$1 15%:
BARLEY — The market was quiet at un-
changed prices.
Exports from this port during the first quar
ter '•! the year were 127. ctla, valued at $174,
--000, against 361,710 ■ Is. at $417,806, for the aam<
quarter in 189 S.
Feed, $1 W%©l 07%: Brewing, $1 10@l 12Vi per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99, new
—2000 ctls. S9%e; 100. 89% C.
Second Session— Seller '99, new— «ooo ctls, S9%c.
Regular Morning Session— ctls, SSVic. Sel
ler, '99, new— 4ooo ctls, 89% c.
Afternoon Session— Seller '99. new— 4ooo ctls.
89V»c : 60C0, 89% c: 2000. IC. December— 92^0.
OATS— Are dull at unchanged prices, except
peed descriptions, which are lower, as the sea
son is over.
Fancy Feed. $1 42%@1 45 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 ,":■ -v! 40; common, $1 32 1 /431 3. >; Sur
prise. $145fiilS0; Gray. $1 32V4<31 37V. Milling.
$1400142% per ctl; Red, $1 30^1 32H; Black,
$1 2r/{?l 30.
S CORN— old prices continue to rule, with a
dull market. -'-■ . : -
Small round Yellow, $1 25; Eastern large Tel
low, $1 12-.; White, $1 12H; mixed. $1 o«Vi@
1 10 per ctl; California White, nominal.
RYE— sl per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Shipment of 7810 barrels Flour, valued at
$23,950, to Nlcolaefski.
FLOUR — California family extras, . $3 75;
bakers' extras, $3 5(V38 66; Oregon and Wash
ington, 13*73 50 per bbl.
MIL.LKTT'FFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 2.'i per 1W pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour. $7; Cornrneal. $2 60; extra
eroam Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 5004 75;
Oat Groats. $4 7."; Hominy. $3 25@3 60; Buck- |
wheat Flour, $4<S4 26; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; I
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oat* (barrel*). V> 55Q6 95: in sacks. $6 36Q>6 75;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 60; Green Peas.
(5 per 100 pounds.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The continued light receipts have not yet
resulted in any Improvement in Hay. though
the feeling may be a trifle steadier.
Bran nnrt Middlings are unchanged.
BRAN -sl3 50@l« 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS- sl7 50@20 per ton.
FEEKSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $23 50@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J31931 50; job
bing, $31032 60: Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cotton
;-••»•< 1 Meal, $:sfc3o per ton; C6rnmeal, $23 JO®
24 50; Cracked Corn, $24325; Mixed Feed,
CALIFORNIA HAT— Wheat. $13@14 for
good to choice and $10@12 frir lower grades;
Wheat and Oat. 510<615; Oat, tlO^^; Barley, $9
$11: Alfalfa. »fi^7.
OI'TSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $7&S; Cheat,
;.-ass Hay. $6flS; Oat, $7®B; Clover, $S&8;
Timothy. Wfi" per ton.
STRAW— 26©SSc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Ther» are no further chanire« to report In
Bean*. I/lmas are still firm and will continue
bo until we get rain.
BEANS-Bayos, $1 70« l 75; Small White*. $2
@2 15; Large Whites, $1 60#l 80; Plnke. $1 90©
2 06; Reds $3 26<3'3 35; Blackeye, $4@4 10: But
ters, nominal; Llmas, $4: Pea. $2 26@2 50; Red I
Kidneys J2 50 per ctl.
PEEDB— Brown Mustard, nominal; Tellow I
Mustard, 2»iS3c; Flax, $2 IB©2 25, Canary Seed, [
2^g2%c per lb; Alfalfa. BVs@9Hc; Rape, 2V«@
2 %c: Hemp. 2%@3c; Timothy, 6@6%c.
„ "HIED PEAS— $1 66@1 70; Green. $2©
2 30 per ctl. \
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were S3l boxes Asparagus, 640 boxes
Rhubarb, 253 sacks Peas and 137 sacks new
Potatoes.
The Oregon steamer brought down 6333 sacks
Potatoes and 436 sacks Onions. Prices for both
descriptions remained about the same.
Asparagus sold rather better, under lighter !
receipts. Peas were lower, and New Potatoes '
also showed a decline. Tomatoes were scarce i
. and firm.
! POTATOES— $l 40@i r,» per ctl for Early Rose.
g 40f 1 66 ror River Burbanks; Oregon, $1 15 ■
©1 30 for seed and $1 50© 2 for large; Sweet I
Potatoes are about gone; New Potatoes, l@2',ic
per lb.
ONIONS— 40@60c for fair and 75@90c per ctl
for fancy.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 60c@$l per box
for No. 2. $1 25@1 50 for No. 1 and $1 75 for !
fancy; Rhubarb, 50if75c per box for the general !
run and 90c^$l for fancy; Green Peas, *@Sc;
String Beans, S^lOc for green and Sc for
I Golden Wax; Cabbage, $1 40; Tomatoes, $2® i
i 2 50; Egg Plant, per lb; Garlic. 15c i
; per lb; Dried Okra. 16c per lb; Dried Peppers. '
| 10c; Green Peppers. 20c; Carrots. 25®35c per i
i sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 50c@$l 50 per
dozen; Sacramento Cucumbers, 50c; Summer
j Squash from Los Angeles, S@loc per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two mrs of Xa stern sold at 14^ 16c for Tur- •
; koys, $7 50 for Ducks, $2 for Geese, $7©>7 50 for |
Hens, $8 for young Roosters and $6 for old
■rs. There will be no more Eastern this \
week.
Local etock was unchanged.
! POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13Q14C for Gobblers j
and H'glSc for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 75-0 2; '
: Goslings. $2 25®2 50; Ducks. $6'®7 for old and ':
$7 ;.Ci®'J for young; Hens, $s@B BO; young Ro.,st- '■
i ers. $7 50@9; old Roosters, $5 15 5 50; Fryers, $6^.7;
Broilers, $S@6 for large, $3 >i 4 B0 for small; pig
eons, $1 50^1 75 per dozen for old and $1 7502 25 j
for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $2 50; White Geese. 50@ >
75c; Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cottontails |
and $1 for small ; English Snipe. $3 per dozen. I
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter and Cheese remained unchanged la
price, but both were easy.
The Eastern Errs have been withdrawn from
the market and placed in cold storage, as they
cannot be sold at present prices without loss.
The local product remains unchanged and quiet,
with ample stocks.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 16%@170; seconds.
16c.
Dairy— Fancy. 15c; Rood to choice, 14@14%c;
store, ll@l2c per It).
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll@n%c; old,
10@10&c; Cream Cheddar, 12&12% c; Young
America. HVs®l2V4c; Eastern, HVa@l4c.
EGGS— Quoted at 15^j(gl6c for store and 16%@
17c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 133 boxes Cherries and 154
chests Strawberries.
The early Cherry crop is turning out very
light and shipments, from Vacaville will be
practically nothing this year.
Berrlf-s advanced under a good demand. Thera
was no change in th<* other fruits.
DECIDUOI B FRUITS—
Apples, 5! 25© 150 for common, $2@2 50 per
box tor No. 1 and $3<S3 50 for choice to fancy.
Strawberries, J7@lo per chest for email and
J4 i":n; tor large berries.
Cherries, 7Bc@Jl 25 for red. Jl@l 50 for white
and Jl@l 75 per box for black.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50@3 50
per box; Seedlings, $lli2; Mediterranean Sweets,
jl 5002; Lemons, $1 20-61 60 for common and
J2g2 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
'$5 50@6; California Limes, 50@75c per small
; box; Grape Fruit, J2g?; Bananas, $1 50®2 50 per
i bunch; Pineapples, J2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
The gloomy news from "the Prune crop, men
tioned In The Call of yesterday, is abundantly
' confirmed from a number of sources. Th* drop
Is very severe and takes in the whole State,
Santa Clara, Sonoma, the San Joaquln and all. I
It is generally agreed that the dry weather
last year Is the cause. Many orchards lose all
th«ir Prunes, others a quarter to a half, and so j
on. The irrigated orchards seem to be stand- i
ing the visitation better than the non-irrigated,
thus tending to prove the theory given above.
The trees blossomed so liberally that the whole
State Immediately rushed to the conclusion that
the crop would be immense, but experienced
orchardlsts know by bitter experience that a
tine crop of blossoms does not necessarily mean
a fine crop of fruit. The drop will probably
cease in a few days, when the full extent of
the damage will be known.
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50's, 5@
; 6%c for 60-Ws, 4&'4Hc for 60-70's. 3hi®ZVi<t for
70-SO'g. 2%@3i4c for 80-90-8, 2H@2%c for 90-100' a
; and 2Q2UC for 100-110's; Peaches. SVi©9^c for
good to choice, 10®10Hc for fancy and for
peeled; Apricots, 12V&@15c for Royals and
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9®9%c; sun
I dried. 6%@7%c; Black Figs, sacks. 3^ic; Plums,
nominal, 2c for unfitted and 4^s@6c for pitted;
Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— 394c for two-crown, 4-^ic for three
crown, s^nc for four-crown. 4 1 »>'o6c for Seedless
Pultanas, 3 1 * for Seedless Muscatels and Jl 20
fur London Layers; Dried Grapes 2%ig3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per Ib; Walnuts, .sg'Sc
for hardshell. lOfillc for softahell; Almonds,
Sr69c for hardshell, i:?l3c for softshell. 14@lRc
fr.r papershell. peanuts. g^7c for Eastern and
4%<ffsc for California; Cocoanuts. J4 5006.
HONEY i i .::,• for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7V«'3
7. ; lltht amber extracted, 7c; dark, 5&54 c
per rb.
BEESWAX— 2. r » i 'u27c per It>.
PRovisioxa
CURED MEATS— 8c per ID for heavy,
*H'@Sc for light medium, 10M;@nc for light.
12c for extra light and 12V£3?13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10%@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mesa Beef, $14; Family Beef, $15@15 60; extra
prime Pork, $12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per ID.
LARD— Tierces quoted at sVi@s-\c per ID for
compound and 7 x / i '<i~ K ! i for pure; half barrels,
pure, So: 10-ll> tins. ; o; 5-lb tins, S^c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%56%c; packages,
lens than 200 lbs. 1-Ib pails, 60 In a case, 9V>c;
3-lb palls, 20 In a case, BHc; 5-ITi palls, 12 "in
a case, n' l c; 10-Ib pails, 6 in a case, S*ic; 50-Ib
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, ?%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, BVic; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels. about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, Iflc; medium. 9@9V4c; light. B%c: Cow
hides. 9c; Stags, B@6%c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal. 15015% C; dry Calf, 17c:
Sheepskins, shearlings, lO'SSOc each; short
Wool, 35if6Oc each; medium. 71)@90c; long Wool,
BOc®sl 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 76t@>3 25
for large and $1 for small; Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4Vi@4Hc per ID;
No. 2, 3Vi@<c; refined, — - — ; grease, 3c. •
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months. 7^f9c; year's staple. 6V.@
Sc; Foothill and Northern free. 10@12c; Foot
hill and Northern defective, 8@10c; Nevada,
JOllc.
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain 6V&@So
Southern .' 6®7MiC
Plains .....4@60
HOPS— IB9B crop, lOiillc per It) for ordinary,
12Hc for good and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from llrst hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, BHo for June
and July: Wool Bags, 26®28c; San Quentin
Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. JS; Cumberland, $8 In bulk and $9 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $8 00 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, »12 per ton In bulk and $14
in sacks.
COAL OIL— Is lower, as follows: Water
White Coal Oil, In bulk, ll'-tc per gallon;
Pearl Oil, in cases, l«Hc; Astral, 16(4c; Star,
16Vic; Extra Star, 20% c; Elaine, 21V4c; Eocene,
IS*4C.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Pow
dered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, oVtc; Dry Gran
ulated, . r .'i,c; Confectioners' A. s>^c; California
A. 4%c; Magnolia A, 4»Jc; Extra C, 4%c; Gold
en C, 4>4c: barrels, l-16c more; half barrels,
Vie more; boxes, %c more; 50-lb bags. %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
SALT— The Nokomis took for Nicolaefskl 873
tons, valued at $3494. and the Annie M. Camp
bell for the same port 26S tons. . ')."■•"
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
A further advance In Hogs Is noted. Re
ceipts are light. No other changes. .V, ■•
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7H@SHc per lb.
— Large, 7c; small, 7Va@Bc per lb.
MUTTON— 7\*><ißc; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 9@loc per lb.
PORK— Live llogß S<SSY o for small, 6%®5%0
for medium and 4%@4%c for large; stock Hog*
and Feeders, 4V4@4%c ; dressed Hogs, 6',j@Bc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
v For Thursday. April 20.
Flour, qr sks 14,071 Straw, tons 6
Wheat, ctls 2,315 Hops, bales 70
Barley, ctls *.... 1,690 Wool, bales ...... CSS
Oats, ctls 615 Pelts, bdls 255
Corn, East, ctls. COO Hides, No 797
Cheese, ctls 263 Eggs, doz 25,350
But tor. ctls 460 Leather, rolls .... 64
Beans, Fks ....... 27 Wine, gals 27,800
Onions, ska .... S Sugar, bbls fi.ls
Potatoes, sks .... 1.189 Sugar, sks 5,340
Bran, sks 650 Lime, bbls ...... 182
Middlings, sks .. 500 Powder, car 1
Hay, tons 279 •
-!';;' i;- ; ; OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .... 16,077 Onions, eke ...... 436
Potatoes, eks 6,398, Wheat, ctls 1,400
■.■■ •■•> ■. -_■ ■- ■ ■ ' ■ ■ ' ■
APRIL 21, 1899.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The only change in local securities on the
morning session was an advance In Paauhau
Plantation to $40. Business was rather quieter.
There was a slight but general decline In
mining storks. The telegram from the pump
said: "Elevator working steadily. Water in
the 1750 foot level winze Is 2<i feet 10 inches be
low the station."
The proposition to operate the Comstock
mines by electric power as a measure of econ
omy is being dißcussed, and it is reported that
several electric companies are already figuring
on it.
The Oakdale Orchard Company of San Luis
Obispo County has levied an assessment of 60
cents per share, delinquent May 22.
The Quicksilver Mining Company has de
clared a dividend of 1% per cent on Its pre
ferred stock, payable May 5.
The Gwln Mining Company has declared its
fifth dividend, amounting to $5000, and making
a total to date of $61,, ,00. The following offi
cers have been elected: F. F. Thomas presi
dent; C. B. Benedict, vice president; J. J.
Crawford, secretary; director*. E. C. Vcorheis,
C. M. Belshaw, David McClure Jr. and Dion
C. Hyland.
The North Star Mining Company of Grass Val
ley recently declared its eleventh dividend at
the rate of 25 cenjs per share, amounting; to
$5ii.000. A report lately made to the stockhold
ers by James D. Hague, president of the com
pany, shows that the past year has been a
prosperous one for the company, netting, after
paying all expenses, $129,186 96. Mr. Hague's
report also states that the realized value of
the ompany's product in IS9S was $3»T,O'JS 44.
all of which, excepting about $15,000, came from
the Stockbridge, the yield of about 20,500 tons
of ore. equal to an averags of $1S 43 per ton.
The Boston News Bureau says: "The North
Star Mining Company has been incorporated
under New Jersey laws to take over the busi
ness of the North Star Mining Company of
California, which mine Is producing about $35.
--000 per month, and has just declared its
eleventh dividend of $60,fi00. New company
is capitalized for $5,000,000, of which $2,000,000
stock will be exchanged for the North Star
property and $SCO,fiOO offered to stockholders at
$10 per share. Application will be made to list
stock In Boston."
. STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, April 20—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. [ Bld.Ask.
Bonds— !Cent L & P... — g
«8 quar e0up..11J%114 iEquit G L Co. 7*4 7%
4g quar reg... — — Mutual El Co. 15^ V>%
♦s quar new.. 1£9%129% Oakland Gas.. 46 47
is quar coup..luS>i — Pac Gas Imp.. 76 77
Miscellaneous— iPac LCo — 47
Cal-st Cab Ss.lie'i — 5 F G & E.... 73"£ 74
Cal Elec L 65.12.i',»127% 3an Fran 3% 3%
C C Wat 65.... 109% — 'Stkfn Gas 6s. — 13%
Dup-st ex c... — — I Insurance —
E L & P 65.. 130 135 iFlrem's Fund. — 227V4
F & Cl Ry 6s.lia — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. 92 — Anglo-Cal — 67
H C & S 5%».102tf - Bank of Ca1.. 255 —
L A Ry 55....104^10Ri4.Cal S D & T. 98 08%
L A L Co 65.. 101% — First Natlonl. — 22S
Do gntd 65.. 101% — Lon P & A... — 131%
Market-st 65..12S 128% Mer Exchange— l»
Do Ist M ss. - 117% .Vev Nat 8k..150 —
N C N G R 75. 108 — Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65.. 115 — Ocr S & L.. — 1675
N Ry Cal 55..112%114 Hum S & L.1050 1168
N Pc R R 65. 105 — Mutual Say.. — 41%
NPC R R c.8.102 — B F Say U.. 506 —
N Cal R R 55. 100% — S& L 50.... — 10X
Oak Gas 55...109 — Security S B 300 350
Om C Ry 65.. 125% — Union T Co. — 1450
t' & ''1 Ry 65.. — 109 Street Railroads—
p & O 6s 117 — California ....113 117
Powell-st 65... — 121%|3eary 60 —
H.t- El Ry ss. — — Market-st .... 63% 63%
SF & N P 55. 114 — Oak S L & H. — —
BF & S JV05.115%117 Presidio 14 16
SierraßCal 6P.107 — Powder—
- P of Ar 65. .112 — ICalifnrnia .... — 190
S P C 6s (1906)110%lll% E Dynamite... — 100
SPC 6s (li»0fi) — — aiant Con Co. 66 67%
SPC 6s (1912) - — Vigorit 254 2%
SPCIs eg ss. 10R — Sugar—
SPBr Rs 123 125 Hana P C 0.... 16^4 17%
6 V Water 65.116%U6 T 4 Haw C& S C.103 —
S V Water 4s. 104% — Hutch S P Co. 32 32Vi
S V W4s(3dmM<i2%lo2% Paauhau S P. 40% 40%
Stktn Gas tJs.lOl^lO^Vii Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— jAI Pac Assn.. 110 —
Tontra Costa.. 66% 66% Ger Ld Wks..2sU —
Marln Co Hi Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley. lo2 102H Oceanic S Co.. — 75
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A — 1% X\
Capital Gas... — - Pac C Bor Co. llo —
Central G Co.. - - Far Paint Co.. 7% —
Morning Session.
Board—
! 115 Giant Powder Con 67 00
! 200 Hawaiian < "ommerclal & Sugar 103 00
I f>o Hutchinson S P Co 31 &7V4
130 Hutchlnscn S P '"0 32 00
56 Market Street Railway 63 50
5 Oakland Gas 46 00
60 lMauhau S P Co 39 50
150 Piiauhau S P Co 39 87Vi
3«o Paauhau S P Co 40 00
51 San Francisco r,ax & Electric Co 73 50
$2100 S P of A bonds 112 00
10 Spring Valley Water 102 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
325 Contra Costa Water 66 30
25 Equitable Gas 7 50
25 Equitable Oas 7 BT%
120 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 103 00
160 Hutchlnson S P Co 32 00
30 Market Street Railway 63 50
50 Mutual Electric Light 15 DO
50 Mutual Electric Light 15 25
100 Oakland Gas 46 50
100 Paauhau S P Co 40 00
110 Paauhau S P Co 40 25
420 Paauhau S P Co 40 37ty
5 Paauhau S P Co 40 60
210 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 73 75
90 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 73 50
2." San Francisco Gaa & Electric Co 74 00
50 Pan Francisco Ghh & Electric C 0.... 73 -7'j
- P of A bondi 112 00
2 Spring Valley Water 102 00
25 Spring Valley Water 102 2a
100 Vigorlt Powder 2 374
Street—
25 Equitahle Oas 7 62*
670 Paauhuu S P Co 40 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board
-60 Equitable Gaslight 7 75
40 Spring Valley Water 102 12 "4
35 Market Street Railway 63 25
$2000 Market St Ry 5 per cent bonds 117 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
35 Hutohlnson S P Co 32 00
25 Paauhau S P Co 39 87^
60 Paatihau S P Co 40 00
EO Mutual Electric Light 15 87^
60 Mutual Electric Light 16 00
40 Market Street Railway 63 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Alta 09 1 350 Hale & Norcrs 24
500 Andes 101 . 100 Mexican 61
200 Belcher 32! 600 Ophlr 110
100 Belcher 38! 300 Potosl 23
600 Best & Belcher 53 , 200 Savage 23
100 Challenge 23; 200 Sierra Nevada. 96
2AO Chollar 29 100 Sierra Nevada. 97
SOO Con Cal & Va.l 85] 410 Vnion Con .... 45
600 Gould & Curry 34 ; 100 Yellow Jacket. 37
Afternoon Session.
300 Alta 0U 100 Ophlr 105
ion Belcher 33 4uo Overman II
tsOO Best & Belcher 52 300 Potnai 23
100 Caledonia 2S 200 Savage 24
300 Challenge 2S 200 Savage 25
hollar 23 4CO Sierra Nevada. 93
90" Con Cal & Va.l 60 100 Sierra Nevada. 94
100 Crown Point... 18 200 Union Con 44
200 Gould & Curry 33 500 Utah v
800 Mexican 52 100 Yellow Jacket. 37
200 Ophlr \ 10
•Following were the sales In the Paclflo Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 11 800 Gould & Curry 35
700 Belcher 33 300 Gould & Curry 34
200 Belcher 32 200 Hale & Norcrs 24
100 Best & Belcher 54 300 Justice 15
500 Best & Belcher 53 200 Mexican 52
200 Best & Belcher 52 200 Mexican T>3
400 Caledonia 2S 860 Ophir 110
200 Challenge Con. 31 1100 Potosi 23
200 Challenge Con. Su 700 Savage 23
300 Ch.illnr 30 100 Sierra Nevada. 98
260 Con Cal & V.I 67^ 100 Sierra Nevada. 94
400 Con Cal & V...1 65 200 Union Con 45
200 Crown Point... If. 200 Union Con .... 44
300 Gould 4. Curry 36. 200 Yellow Jacket. 37
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha Con .... 06 1500 Gould & Curry 34
300 Alta 08 300 Mexican 51
200 Best & Belcher 52 200 Mexican 52
300 Challenge Con. 30 500 Ophlr 1 07>>i
son chollar 29j 300 Sierra Nevada. 93
700 Con Cal & V...1«0j 700 Utah 10
200 Con Cal & V.I 62%!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, April 20—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. : Bid Ask.
Alpha Con 04 06 Justice 15 16
Alta OS 09 Kentuck 04 05
Andes 08 10 Lad y Wash — 01
Belcher 32 34 Mexican 53 54
Beat & Belcher S3 54 Occidental 30 —
Bullion 02 OH Ophlr 105 110
Caledonia 27 28 Overman 11 13
Chollar 2S 29 Potosl 22 24
Challenge Con. 27 29 Savage 24 25
Confidence 70 72 Scorpion 01 03
Con Cal & Va.l 60 165 Seg Belcher ... 02 03
Con Imperial ..• 01 02 Sierra Nevada. S3 94
Crown Point... 18 13 Silver Hill .... — 04
Con Hew York — "2 Syndicate — 05
Exchequer — 03 Standard 2502 75
Gould & Curry. 33 34 Union Con 46 46
Hale & Norcrs 23 24 Utah 11 12
Julia — 0," Yellow Jacket. 36 38
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Georgia W. MeCluskey to Margaret Boothby
lot on W line of San Bruno avenue, 76 S of
Woolpcy street. S 26 by W 120, lot 1, block 7,
University Mound; $2f.0.
Ada C. Friend, by Carl W. Elfving (com
missioner), to Sarah H. Webster, lot on W
line of Octavla street, 137:« N of Pacific N
25:1 by W 103 :1*4: $12,500.
Annie J. Kelly (Duncan) to Charles A. Ben
nett, lot on N line of Hermann street, 81:3
X of Fillmore, E 25 by N 120; $10.
Cornelia L. Nokee to Augustus F. and Ser
ena L. Rodgers. lot on N line of Broadway.
137:8 W of Pierce »tr«et, W 66 by N 137:6; $10.
Charles and Fannie H. Murray to Benjamin
H Lichtenstein, lot on S line of Pine street.
82 E of Scott. E 0:S by B 87: $1.
William B. and Mary M. Bradbury to George
E. Ames, lot on E line of Broderick street, 100
N "f Sacramento, S SS:4H by E 110; |10.
(rocker Estate Company to Celestlne C.
Rowe (wife of Henry), lot on W line of Cole
street, 50 N of Frederick. N 25 by "W 100; $10.
Henry L. Ruppel to Wllhelmlne C. Gerl, lot
on E l'lne of Florida street. 100 N of Twenty-
Eec.n.i, N » by E 100: gift.
Moses and Annie Levin to A. Shenson, lot
on S line of Duncan street, 203:8 E of Ellen,
E 50:11 by S 114; $10.
James and William Moffat to Margaret Mor
ton, lot on NE corner of Twenty-flfth street
and Hoffman avenue (Ellen street), N 60 by
E 90; $10.
John N. and Nettie Luning- to Oscar T. Lun
ine, lot on N'E corner of Stockton and Vallejo
streets, N 66:6. E 57:ij, N W, W 57:6. N 51, E
4M" 7 ,. BE 140:08%, S 29:10%. W 137:6; also lot
on SE corner of Broadway and Hyde street. E
187:8 hy S 137:6; also lot on S line of Fell street,
137:6 W of Franklin. W 137:6 by S 120; $10.
Arthur Coddington to William Orandall, lot
on SW corner of Seventeenth avenue and T?
street. S 60 by W 90, quitclaim deed; $1.
Etta Mac and Releigh P. Hooe to Robert R.
Hind, lot on E line of Eighteenth avenue, 100
S of B street S 117:2. N S7U degrees E 240,
N 45:1. \V 120, N 7\ W 120; $10.
Wendell and Carrie Kaston to Jane S. Kllnk,
lot on \V line of Forty-seventh avenue, 275 N
Of B street, N X by W 120; JlO.
Henry S. and Carrie E. Bridge to Fred W.
Bridge, lots 8 and 9. block 130; lot 10, block 4W;
lot 15, block 269, South San Francisco Home
stead; also lots 40 and 46. San Miguel Home
stead;! also lots 19 to 23, block 51, City I.;ind
Association; also lot on N line of California
street. 28 E of Eighteenth avenue, X 28 by N
Kin ; also lot r.n E line of Thirty-fifth avenue.
200 N of Jj street, N 150 by 120; also all intero.-t
in O. L. block 87; also lot on E line of Third
avenue, I'm s of Point Lohos avenue, S 50 by
120; also all interest in any lands standing in
the name of Fred W. Bridge; $10.
Charles A. Bennett to Annie J. Kelly (guard
ian William J. Duncan. mlni>r>. lots 136 and 13x,
Gift Map l; $10.
Sarah J. Hughes iwlfe of Patrick) to Daniel
F. Hughes, lots 1400 and 14m, Gift Map 3; gift.
Con McCann to Joseph Shannon, lot on N
line of Ney street. 100 E of Craut, N 110 by E
I'm. lots 21 and 22. block 7, College Homestead;
11200.
Estate of Charles Hanson (by Samuel G.
Murphy and H. C. Chesebrough, executors) to
Chester S Smith. lr>t on E line of Gould street.
2S S of Paul, S 50 hy E 100, lots 26 and 27.
Garden Tract Homestead; $600.
Odd FTeHoWB* Cemetery Association to {Cather
ine Relchardt, lot 14, Plat 1, Garden Plat Sec
tion; $12."..
Edwin S. and Rebecca C. Tucker to Samuel
Blsslnger. lot on SE corner of Jackson and Bu
chanan streets. S 30 by E 100; $10.
Same to George H. Foster, lot on S line of
Jackson street, 127:6 E of Buchanan, E 10 by
S 120; $10.
<:^>rge H. Foster to Eloisa P. Foster (wife
of George H). same; gift.
Michael M.Hugh to Helen W. Mathews (wife
of H. W.), undivided two-fifteenths of follow
ing: Lot on W line of Guerrero street, 129 X
of Xineteenth. X 40 : fi by W 100; lot on E line
of Fair Oaks sstreett t 61 X of Twenty-second,
N 86 by E 117:6; also all Interest in estate of
Allan PurveF. Xo. lfi.sxi; $l>i.
William Dohoney to Mary A., Julia and Wil
liam J. Dohoney, lot on 2J one of Henry
street, 105 W of Sanchez. W fe V>y X 115, quit
claim deed; $10.
John F. and Emma J. Zander to Annie
Snow, lot on W line of Fair oaks street. 274 X
of Twenty-fourth. X 31 by W 117:6; $10.
John J. Comerford iby R. Mcf'olgan and F.
W. Harrlman. trustees) to Charles H. Athearn,
1749 d 199. l«t on SE corner of Dolores and
Duncan streets, S 64 by E 100. trustees" deed;
$2f<6.
William J. and Mary F. Hart to George Van
Slyck, lot on S line of Duncan street, 100 W
of Church, W 26 by S 114; $10.
Agostino Chlcizola to Chioizola Estate Com
pany (a corporation), lot on S line of Broad
way, S7 W of Sansome, W 50:6 by S 68.9; also
lot on SW line of Greece street, 160 NW of
Knights place, SE 40 by SW 120, being lot
11, Mission-street Railroad Homestead Asso
ciation; $2000.
Chin chac Din et al. to James L. Martel,
leasehold interest in lot on S line of Washing
ton street, 57:6 W of Dupont, W 12:6 by S 62:4;
$750.
Catherine and Charles H. Leavltt to Annie
Page, lot on N line of Ellis street, 171:10% E
of Larkin, E 34:4H hy N 137:6; $10.
Solomon and Dora Oetz to Ixittie J. Kennan,
lot on W line of Thirty-fifth avenue, 250 S of I
street. S 26 by W 120; Jin.
Same to Anna J. Kennan. lot on W line of
Thirty-fifth avenue, 275 S of I street, S 25 by W
120; iin.
Same to Louis C. Kennan, lot on W line of
Thirty-fifth avenue, 22.". S of I street, S 25 by W
120; $10.
Rose Meyer to Olive Verkouteren, lots 2S and
30, block 10, Tract A. People's Homestead; $10.
B»hrend Joost to same, lots 22 to 26, block 8,
People? Homestead, Tract A; $5.
Catherine Doran (wldowi to Theresa L.
Doran, lot on S line of Pacific street, 115:6 \V
of Mas..n. W 22 hy S 68:9; $10.
John or John F. Miller to E. E. Maxfield. lot
on W line of Fourth avenue, 325 S of Califor
nia str.^t. S 25 by W 12*; $10.
Alice Glrtann^r (Makers) and Frederick Gir
tanner to Jacob Heyman, lot on E line of For
ty-seventh avenue, 150 X of J street. X 75 by
E 120; alsr. lot "n N line of J street, 57:8 \V of
Thirty-third avenue. W 7"> by N 100; $20.
People's Home Savings Bank to Orvllle D.
Baldwin. lot on NW corner of Thirty-third
avenue and L street. X «oo by W 120: $7'>o.
Ma.ttie M. Shuck to Josephine M. Shuck, lot
on \V line of Twenty-third avenue, 100 N of
P street, S 50 by W 120; gift.
Josephine M. Shuck to James M. Davis, same;
j.;.v.
Sarah J. Stnnrhill to Frederick C. Slebe, lot
on S\V line of Latdley street. 546:6 SE of Harry,
SW 168, SE 80, NF. 143, NW 75. l^t S. block 21,
Falrmount Tract; $10.
Robert Hlllis to Thomas W. and Chrlß C.
Rivers, lot on S line of West Park, 100 W of
Mission, W 2." by S 100, lot 14. block D, French
& Gilraan Tract: $!*>.
Alameda County.
The Bhoalwater Bay ana Eastern Oyster
Company (by Sheriff; to C. E. Hayes, un
divided quarter interest in parrel of land
bounded N by First street. S by channel of
San Antonio Creek. E by Grove street and W
by Brush street, including blocks 2^9, 210, 229
and 280, Oakland: $421.
C. E. Hayes* to Oakland Water Front Com
pany, parcel of land bounded N by S line of
First street, W by E line of Market street,
produced S, S by channel of San Antonio
Creek and E by W line of Grove street, pro
duced southerly, quitclaim deed. Oakland: SI 1 " 1 .
Pauline Elleau to Catherine S. Harwond, lot
on N line of Santa Clara avenue, 1."2 W of
I'nion street, W 50 by N 140, being lot 18 and
portion of lot 16, Map of Subdivision Fass
klnp's Park. Alameda: $1000.
Lena G. and Charles M. MacGregor to Daniel
Geary lot on S line of Sycamore street, 273 E
of Grove, E 33:4 by S 100, being the W 33:4.
lot 25, block L. Kelsey Tract, Oakland; $10.'
Thomas Kennedy to Manuel Souea. lot on S
line of A or Thirty-second street, 10S E of Et
tie or Halleck. S 100 by E 25, block O. Peralta
Homestead, Oakland: $600.
William G. and Hetty T. Henshaw, Victor
H. and Emily C. Metcalf to: Henry, Sol and
Frederick Kahn, lot on NE corner of Twelfth
and Washington streets, N ion by E 95: also
lot on N line of Twelfth street, 95 E of Wash
ington. E S inches by N 100. Oakland: 110.
Annie A. Spinney to William L. Laymance,
lot on W line of Union street. 200:3 S of
Twelfth. S 50 by W 115, lot 11, and S 5 feet of
lot 12, block 561. Oakland; $10.
W. H. and Mary S. Lee to J. G. Fredericks,
lots 2. 3, 4 and 26, block W. Map of Vernon
Park, Oakland; $4500.
George and Sarah J. Schell to Patrick Swee
ney, lot on W line of Linden street. 79 S of
West Fourteenth, S 48 by W 107, block 572
Oakland; $10.
Mary E. Tashelra to William A. Fisher, lot
on NE line of East Twenty-second street, 150
NW of Seventh avenue, NW 50 by NE ISO
block 136. Clinton, East Oakland: $10."
John B. Taylor to Sarah Jane Hare and An
nie L. Miller, the NE part of lot ir>6. In plat 26,
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland Township ;
ffiO.
Annie L. Miller to Sarah Jane Hare,undivid
ed Interest In same, Oakland Township; <M
Mr=. R. E. Renter to Charles J. Reuter lots
15. 16 and 17, block B, Macy Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $000.
Z'»loteH A. and Anna E. Cotton to R. E. Rag
land, lot on SE corner of Third and Spruce
streets. E 800 by S 200, being block 21, new
map of Woodstock, Alameda; $10.
Eugenic L. Fately (wife of A. B.) trN James
A. Johnson, lot on N line of Brown or Thlrty
foir-th street, 4fi9 W. of Telegraph avenue E
5 by N 119:10. being portion of lot 20. map B,
Brown Estate, Oakland; $60.
E. A. Turnt-r to A. '!. Ainsworth, lot on NE
line of East Seventeenth street, 100 SE of Nine
teenth avenue. SE 75 by NE 140, being lots 5,
6 and 7, block 40. San Antonio, subject to cer
tain mortgage for $3000, East Oakland; (in.
Henry and Lfna Wahmuth to Thomas E.
Hnnson. lot on NE corner of Franklin and First
streets, E 75 by N 75, being lots 1, 2 and 3,
block 8, Oakland; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
H. B. Hildebrand (owner) with Charles J.
IT. Koenlg (contractor), architect none — All
work for a two-story frame building: on S line
of Francisco street, 112:6 E of Leavenworth;
$3622.
Robert Oxnard <owner> with Williams Broth
ers (contractors), architect F. S. Van Trees-
All work, fxcept plumbing, gas fitting, sewers
and dish heaters, etc., for a two-story, attic
and finished basement frame building on N
line of Broadway. 4S W of Buchanan street, N
U7:« by W 4:,; 515.270.
Same owner with Gullck & Wetherbee (con
tractors), architect same— Plumbing, ftas fit
ting, sewers and dish heaters for same on
same: 8600.
H. F. Stoltz (owner) with William Horst
meyer & Co. (contractors), architect H. Geil
fuss. Alterations and additions to make a
two-story frame building on W linte of Castro
Btreet, "a S of Eighteenth, S 50 by W IJ6;
$2:o:>.
Mary I. Greely (owner) with Marcus- &
Remmel (contractors and architects). Carpen
ter, mill and brick work, plumbing, plastering,
etc., for a six-room frame house on W line
of Twentieth avenue, 175 N of Point Lobos
avenue, N 25 by W 120. Outside bands 201
--?1925.
L. Glennon (owner) with C. L. Williams
(contractor), architects Newsom & Theyer. All
work for a three-story frame building on PW
corner of Meacham place and Post street 8
r,4:3 by E 28; $4455.
Morgan Oyster Company (owners) with G
Weisman and H. Whittle (contractors), archi
tects Havens & Toepke. All work for altera
tions and additions to present brick building
on \V line of Third street, 125 S of Brannan
S 25 by W 80; $5545. '
Hannah B. de t'riostes (owner) with E C
Bletch (contractor), architect Nathaniel Blali
dell. All work for alterations and addition*
for a two-story frame building, except paint
ing, plumbing, electrical work sewering, g»»
--fitr ne mantels, trimming and hardware on
lots n' l™and portion of lot 1. block B. Spreck
ita'suMlvteton? blocks A B and D. Park Hill
Homestead Association. Map * Huf
schmicU (contractor), architects H S.K. M H &
elf r ten in a 8 nd plumbing and sewers. *
etc for ten flats and five stores with brick *
basements, and four flats with basements, and
six flats with basements, and all to be frame
buildings, on MB. corner of McAllister and
Franklin streets, N 120 by E. 137:6. JI3OO.
Same owner with R. Stettin (contractor).
architects same. Artificial stone and con
crete work for same on same; Si&oo to.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographle
Office located in the Merchants' Exchange. is
maintained' in Pan Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality an*
fr Navi f K ato P rs n "re cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference and the 'latest
information can always be obt a a '" e ° l e^ a a r , d t ten 41 c n 4
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce. rerrv
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
bunding at the foot of Market »*«"£ J^ I**1 **
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. Si meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States >a\al
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal. . .
on time or stating whether the ball published
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
In the morning papers the following <ia>. a
C (J LALftVIiNB,
Lieutenant. U. S. X.. In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Eurvey-
Ttmes and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) 3 b . ou *
twenty-five minutes later than at ion romi,
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, APRIL, 21.
Sun rises M
Sun sets V:»"'" _
Moon sets 2:a2 a. m.
O Tlmel Tlmel Time Time
? Ft. [Ft. Ft. — Ft.
£ L W H W| L W H W
21 .. 2:89 1.9 «:41 4.1 2:20 1.5 9:06 61
22 ... 3:14 1.4 9:31 4.3 2:54l 1.7 9:30, 5.4
2S ... 8:46 0.8 10:19 4.B 8:301 1.9 9:66 5.1
24 ... 4:21 0.2! 11:05 4.6 4:06! 2.1 10:24 B.i
25... 6:01—0.3 11:51 4.6 4:42 2.81 10:5o 5.9
26... 6:45—0.6 12:41 4.6 5:21 2.6! 11:31 «.•
27 ... 6:30—0.8 1:36 4.6 6:08 2.9|
NOTE— In the aboVe exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given in the le.t
hand column and the successive tides or tn»
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tn»
second time column elves the second, tide of
the day. the third time column the third ua»
and the last or right hand column gives th»
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The height*
given are additions to the soundings on tno
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane or
r»f»rence Is the mean nf trip i™»r low watera.
TIME BALL..
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
April 20, 1899.
The time ball was not dropped to-day, wire*
down. C Q CALKIN'S.
Lieutenant. TJ. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
North Fork Humboldt Apl. 21
City of Para... [Panama |Apl. 21
B. Hernster....!Coqullle River [Apl. 21
, Mackinaw [Taeoma JApl. 21 .
Corona ISan Diego |Apl. 23-^
Walla Walla... 'Victoria & Puget Sound, Apl. 23
Pomona Humboldt Apl. 22
( Bristol Departure Bay 'Apl. 22
Czarina (Victoria & Puget Sound! 22
| Coquille River. .[Grays Harbor 'Apl. 28
Wyefleld INanaimo |Apl. 23
Fulton Portland Apl 23
| Weeott [Yaquina Bay !Apl 24
I Bonlta Newport iApi. 24
Alliance Portland |Apl. 24
Crescent City... Crescent City lApl. 24
Empire [Coos Bay Apl. 24
Washtenaw ....ITacoma Apl. 24
Willamette .... Seattle lApl. 24
| Luella [Tillamook Apl 24
State of Cal.... (Portland ■ lApl. 25
( Australia Honolulu lApl. 25
Santa Rosa 'Pan Diego Api. 26
' Umatilla 'Victoria & Puget Sound Apl. 27
Point Arena jPoint Arena lApl. 27
( Curacao Mexico.- lApl. 27
Coos Bay [Newport 'Apl. 28
America Maru..|Chlna and Japan..... -....|Ap1. 28
Columbia , Portland 'Apl. 30
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. j Pier.
A. Humboldt [Apl. 21. 10 am!Pler 13
Queen jVic A Pgt Sd.lApi. 21. 10 am Pier «
Coos Bay... Newport [Apl. 22, 9 amjPler 11
Pt. Arena. .(Point Arena.. Apl. 22. 3 pm Pier 2
Columbia ..'Portland Apl. 23, lOamfPier 24
Corona ISan Diego 'Apl. 24. 11 amPler 11
Pomona Humboldt |Apl. 24, 2 pm!Pier 9
Bonita Newport Apl. 26. 9am I Pier 11
Walla WallVlc & Pet Sd.lApl. 26. 10 am Pier 9
Alliance ...[Oregon Ports. 'Apl. 26. 10 ami Pier 50
Aloha Point Arena.. [Api. 26, 3 pmjPler 3
State Cal... 'Portland Apl. 28. 10 am Pier 24
Santa RosalSan Diego [Apl. 28. 11 am Pier 11
Peru Panama 'Apl. 28.12 mIFMSS
Coptic (China & Japan I Apl. 28. 1 pm|PMSS
Steamer.
Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, April 20.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea, 79 hours from Sa»
Pedro and way ports.
Srmr Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr South Coast Zaddart. 46 hours from
Ventura.
Ship Louis Walsh, Gammom, 12 days from
Tacoma.
Schr Nettle Low, Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Rio Rey, Forest, 6 days from Point Surw
CLEARED.
Thursday. April 20.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria, etc; GoodalL
Perkins & Co. *
Ptmr Rio do Janeiro. Ward, Hongkong etot
P M 8 8 Co. '
Stmr Newport, Snunders, Manila, via Hono
lulu : U S Government.
Bark C D Bryant, Colly, Honolulu; Wlllaia*.
Dlmond & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. April 20.
Stmr Newburg, Hansen, Grays Harbor.
Ptmr Marliwsa. Haywards, Honolulu and
Sydney.
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, Grays Harbor
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen.
Stmr Rio de Janeiro, Ward, Hongkong and
Yokohama, via Honolulu.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson.
Stmr Newport, Baooders, Manila, ria Hono
lulu.
V S stmr Warren, Hart. Manila, via Hono
lulu.
Br ship Riversdale, Griffiths, Iqulqua.
Bktn Monitor. Turloff, Eureka.
Schr Mary Etta. Sdatsen, Fort Elou.
Schr Annie M Campbell, Frledberg. Nlcolaef-
Bki.
Schr Nokomis. Hansen. Nicolaefski.
Schr Glrn. Nielsen, Coofl Bay.
Srhr Manila, Murchiaon, Columbia River and
Shanghai.
Schr Newark, Beck. Bowens Landing.
telegraphic.
POINT LOROS. April 20. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 6 miles.
SPOKEN. ,
Jan 4, lat 3 N, lone 124 W— Br ship Fall?
Afston, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
Jan IS, lat 2S N. Ions: 125 W— Br ship Stronsa,
from Oregon, for Qupenstown.
Feb I— Br ship Sir Robert Fernia. from Ta
coma, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— SaiIed April 20— Stmr WiUaM^a^
for San Francisco; stmr Al-KI. for Dyea IBr
SOUTH BEND— Arrived April Schr Gu!*v
from Port Harford: bark Aureola, hence \nrT
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed April 20— Sehr Ul
lebonne. for San Francisco; schr Dauntles*
for San Francisco; schr Melancthon. for San
Francisco; schr Pioneer, for Honolulu.
Arrived April IS— Bktn Catherina Sudden
from T'>polobampo. '
POINT ARENA— Sailed April 20-Schr J Ep
pinger, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrived April 20-
Tv? Collis. hence April 19.
USAL— Arrived April 19— Stmr *«»**.
hence April 18. *'
EUREKA-Arrived April 20-Stmr Pomona,
hence Asrll 19. . . oraonl1 '
Pnilod April 20— Schrs Sparrow. Fortuna and
Laura Pike and rtmr Weeott, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA-ArrtvwJ April 20_stmr State of
California, hence April IS.
Sailed April 20— Schr Prosper, and bark Harry
Morse, for Bristol Bay; schr North Bon.l. for
nan Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived Arrll 20— Stmr George
Loomis. hence April 19.
Sailed April 20— Stmr George Loomls. for San
Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed A;iril 20— Ptmr Willa
mette, from Seattle, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NET, YORK— Sailed April IS— Stmr Finance,
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORT?.
DT'BLIN— Arrived April IS— Br bark Caith
ness-shire, hence Xnv 2
FALMOT'TH— Arrived Arril 19— Br hark Hou
eornont, from Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed April 19— Stmr City of
Peking, for San Francisco.
KINSALE— Passed April 1?— Br ship Eul-- i
menp, from Oregon, for Queenstown. A
BIRKENHEAD— Arrived April 20— Br ship
Oomhermere, from Tacoma.
QUEEXSTOWN- Arrived April 20— Ger baric
Paul Isenberg. from Oregon.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERFOOL—ArrIved April 20— Stmr Cufla,
from New York.WANTS FIFTH
THOUSAND FOR
BURNING KISSES
Miss Jane Hodge Sues
John Nicholl.
HE REFUSED TO MARRY HER
LOVE STORY OF THE "DUKE
OF RICHMOND."
lteri of the Ancient Millionaire
Were Opposed to the Love Match
and Dampened His Ardor
Disastrously.
■ • ■
Oakland Offlee San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, April 20.
Miss Jane Hodße to-day finally verified
the romantic story uf her lacerated affec
tions and sad disappointment caused by
the sudden termination of her engagement
to the aged capitalist, John Nicholl, the
"Duke of Richmond," as published In The
Call last January, by filing suit in the
Superior Court for the recovery of $50,000
damages fur breach of promise of mar
riage. The complaint was prepared by At
torneys Heed <fc Nusbaumer.
Following is the complaint verbatim:
That on or about the linn Jay of Novem
ber, 189S, at the city of Oakland, county of
Alameda, t-tatt.- or California, in considera
tion that the plaintiff, who was then un- ]
married, would ut the request of the de
fendant marry him <-'" request, the defend
ant promised to marry plaintiff within a
reasonable time.
That the plaintiff, confiding in said prom
ise, has always since remained and con
• tinued and still is sole and unmarried, and
has always remained from said 10th of No
.vrmber. IS9S. :u> to the rreser.t time, ready
and willing to marry the s-.iid defendant,
and she is now ready and willing to marry
the snid defendant.
. That thereafter and on or about the 26th
day of December. IS9S. the plaintiff re
quested the defendant t--> fulfill his said
promise of marriape and make this plaintiff
hls= wife, but the said defendant refused to
fuflU his said promise of marriage and
notified the plaintiff that he would not then
or at any time thereafter fulfill his said
promise of marriage, and the said defend
ant refused and still does refuse to marry
plaintiff. ,' 
That upon the refusal of defendant to
fulfill his aforesaid promise of marriage,
and by reason thereof the plaintiff suffered
nnd Ftlll suffers much in mind and body,
and her health was thereby and still con
tinues to be BTeatly impaired, and she
suffered and stii! suffers great injury to her
fpeiines nnd affections, and her pride was
thereby and by reason thereof greatly
w.iunded.
That the plaintiff has been damaged by
reason of the premises In the sum of $50.
--000.
Wherefore plaintiff prays Judgment
nealn^t defendant for the sum of $50,000 and
for costs of suit
A simpler complaint in a suit of such
magnitude and bohind which lingers the
love story of \ho anciont millionaire has
seldom reached the file of the Superior
Court. Miss llodpp has passed singly
thrmiph forty-six Bummers and her tardy
millionaire lover, whoso wooinp her with
hurninc kisso? nnd twelve-mile drives has
boon told in The Call heretofore, has
reached the ape of 70 years. Miss Hodge
says that she became enlaced to John
Nicholl on November 10 of last year.
"For more than one year he had bf^n
wanting to put the question," says the
lady who was once the prospective
"Duchess of Richmond," "and I finally
decided t" riv*» him nn opportunity. On
November ? John Xirholl called upon me
and ap h«» wa? getting into his buggy he
snid, in the presence of Mr. and Mrs.
Berry: 'Jni;t>, I think you need a com
panion. To-morrow we will go driving
and talk it over.'
"I consented, and when we went driving
the following day we had hardly lost Bight
of my home whfn Mr. Nicholl remarked:
Man* 1 , do you know what I am going to
do with you? That is. if you will let me
do it?' I answered, 'What?' and then he
said: 'Marry you. I thought you knew
that for me time. What do you say?'
I replied that I thought I had better
marry him. and he embraced me and said,
•God bless us In the union.' "
However, when the news of the engage
ment was broken to the aped lover's
daughters— Misses Hester and Maizie
Xloholl — there was Thine doing In
th" millionaire's household at 1353 Fourth
avenue. Maizie. according to Miss Hodge,
instantly grew cold toward her and finally
the daughter told the prospective step
mother that she did not approve of It.
Soon thereafter Miss Hodge received a
note, ostensibly from Mr. Nieholl, an
nouncing that he knew of no engagement
but merely an agreement that if the
daughters \were willing he would marry.
After that Miss Hodge seldom was per
mitted to sf>e him. The daughters kept
Mm secluded In his palatial home.
Mif=s Hodge is a niece of Mr. NicholL
She says she is now very much disap
pointed" in him who had made her think
the world pivoted on her. She had not
meant to tako any action for months to
come-7-possibly never— hut the action of
Maizie and Hester, who, she says, had
t-^-nt a lady friend to find out who her
lawyer might be, and who also tried to
effect a reconciliation, has induced her
to gratify the ladies, who, he claims,
destroyed her hopes, by filing the suit.
compromisi ■ all were
" iuld
■ Bational, so It i
f the part
U. C. STUDENTS
NOT TO WEAR AXES
THE MOVEMENT NIPPED IN
THE BUD.
April 20.— The faculty of
•"rnla fa usiriß
ppr< t h.-> feud now
• • • H<-rk<
from
K.nn<- last
. I has now assumed
matter
it may rr-sult in ;i
r< '..itinns between th
! Ing all future i n t • r-
When the Berkeley men decided yester
dny to ■ turn the stolen property, "it was
on the understanding that Stanford
would receive hack the mascot and < nd
the matter. It appears now that the Car
dinal will not accept the offer to have
the ax returned, Intending to let it re
main in the hands of the California ath
letes until it can bo recovered by force
or strategy. This being the case, Berke
ley is likely to keep the monster blade In
ber possession; unless Stanford is able to
ulieffe«irSir^ is hidden and SUCCeed
red^^llS '™m M PUd several small
ren axes, tied with blue and sold rib-
I. »ns have been struck off. These wire
placed on sal.; amon* the students this
morning. In a short whitothe supply had '
beer, exhausted and a fresh lot were or
dered. *t,The;. students intended to wear
them at the intercollegiate field day next
Saturday where they could be seen" ? by all
tho Stanford men present. v yan
But the faculty, as soon as the sale of i
the red axes became known, at onceinr
dered it stopped. They refused to allow
any more to be sold until after the Held
day and cautioned tho students not to
wear them at the cinder track so »s in
be seen by their rivals. This course wm
adopted, Inasmuch as the slightest frlc I
tion at the big intercollegiate event might
in the present strained relations between
the two universities precipitate a fracas
which could only result seriously if once
It were well started. Should the students
show any inclination to disregard the or
der the faculty are prepared to call the
field day off entirely.
FEARS OF FOUL PLAY.
Mysterious Disappearance of James
McWilliams, a Salesman.
OAKLAND, April 20.— James McWll-
Uams left bis home, 325 Ninth Btreet,
WILL UPHOLD INTELLECT
FOR THE BLUE AND GOLD
Berkeley Sets .Her -Hopes on Tfyese .Men.
BERKELEY April 20— Next Saturday evening in Metropolitan Temple, San Francisco, the Cardinal will meet the
Blue and Go! I In Intercollegiate debate. The contest is to follow the blgr field day to be held between the two uni
versities the same afternoon upon the Berkeley campus, so that the spirit of rivalry called out by the event
on the cinder truck will hardly Have had time to cool oft before it must burst forth again with renewed vigor In
The question presented for arfniment touches vitally upon current events. It relates to the Philippines and reads
f o nov Ived Thai the retention of the Philippines is contrary to the principles for which this Government
uld stand.' The afßrmai >f the discussion will be upheld by a team composed of three men from Stanford
University The University of California has been assigned to the negative Bide.
ted by John Springer, James Ferguson and Anthony Suzzallo. All three men are
Stanford's tried veterans in 9 izzallo and Springer spoke in the Carnot medal contest held in Palo Alto last
February. Ferguson argu< M* college at the last intercollegiate debate.
Berkeley sets her hopes upon the following men: Isidore Golden, Wlltsle M. Martin and Carl Melvin Warner. War
ner Is the winner of lasl year's Carnot medal. This is his last term at college and consequently the last time
ne wU j ;. to repi the university. Golden comes from the Hastings College of Law nnd is the only repre
sentative which the U. >' ir " m th « Affiliated Colleges in San Francisco.
The Califon la debaters will meet their rivals after a careful preparation covering two months of close study. They
; look forward to a very hard-fought wattle. A prize of $200 goes to the winning team.
rtly after nnnn and has
r> i from sln< c. His
-.- is a brother,
John Me Williams, who fears that the
with foul play.
James M " :ir s of
I
ill and
his d is sandy. When last s<
he won a -lark suit and sl<>u. h hat. H>
speaica with a slightly foreign a
Illng fine
stomera. The two
■ tho number
OAKLAND'S MYSTERY.
The Inquest Threw No Light on the
Case.
OAKLAND, April 20.— "We find that the
d is unknown, that he
that his na
tivity is unknown and that he came to
leath at a time and in a manner to
this jury unknown, and we find that death
aused by a fracture of the skull."
Thi.s is the decision "f. the jury who to
night h>'!d an Inquiry Into the death of th
man picked up in the bay last M
re was little testimony in put
before the |ury other than that already
published. Deputy Coroner Quellln told
of th< • • idy when it was
j broui ■ morgue, and Dr. .T. L. Mil
ton described In detail the r« -suits of an
examination and autopsy.
According loctor*s opinion the
i before lie reached the
h In answer to a juror he
■ <-'<l fallen befi re
a paddlewheel and at ■■• Btruck
he might possibly have ail his
injuries at the H.-ime time, and also his
been torn off In the
manner t hey w •
I>r. Milton's testimony, however, left a
strong- suspicion that the man was struck
on the head by some blunt instrumf-nt be
fore he got Into the water. Some of the
wounds on the bead are ante-mortem and
'■ S'lni*- are post-mortem. The liaißi- were
lil!>-il with air. which would not occur had
' death resulted from drowning.
Coroner Mfhrnmnn lias decided to have
the body Interred to-morrow mornlnsr un
l'ss it !« Identified. Chief of Police Leea
honed to the Coroner to-night that
Mies Flora Mclntyre of 537 A Seventn
I read ib descriptions of tho
man and believi i Mr. Jlut^!
: I (roville,
A dispatch from Orovllle hint night
'; that .lames A. Hutchinson was
alive in that city.
NEAR UNTO DEATH.
Supreme Court Commissioner Pringle
111 With Typhoid Fever.
OAKLAND, April BO.— Bdw. .T. Prlnßl<\ a
member of the Supreme Court Commis
sion, I ath to-night from typhoid
fever. Am late hour the doctors stated
that th«- crisis will be reached before day
light i •■>> he may
rally. Owing to the advanced, nx of Com
missioner Prtngle, he being 73 years old,
the ' ham ea of recoy< i nun him. i
All of his family are at homo, anxiously
awaiting I the next !
few hours. A< midnight Mr. Pringli
though unconscious, was resting <asily.
RENEWS HER FIGHT
FOR FAIR'S MILLIONS;
MRS. CRAVEN WANTS A BIG AL
LOWANCE FROM HIS ESTATE.
Alleges She Is the Widow of the Dead
Capitalist and Is Entitled to
$5000 a Month.
Nettie R. Craven-Pair flled a sec
ond petltlion In the Superior Court
terday for a family allowance from the
c of the late James <;. Fair. The
petitioner, as In the application filed
• ; ago, Bel forth thai she is the
surviving widoTt lead capitalist.
She states that no allowance whatever
• -n made to her as such surviving
widow from the estate, which is valued
i9B. tii" Income from which is
• a year. She represents thai an al
lowance from the estate of (5000 a month
should be made for her maintenance and
asks that the order for the all. .wan.-, be
made to take effect fn.m the 88th day of
December, 1894, the date of Senator Fair's
d< ath.
It is Bald th;it tho filinp of the petition
heralds the opening of the battle by Mrs
Craven-Fair to establish her relation to
the dead capitalist W. W. Foote and
I»t-nson, Oatman & Pennon represent the
petitioner ami will prosecute the action
when it is railed for hearing beforfrJudire
Troutt on May 4. in addition to tfle ap
plication for an allowance there is an
other requesting intervention in the pro
ceedings looking to the probato of tho
will of the 21st. This will be attacked by
Mrs. Craven.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1899.
FUTURE DISPOSITION
OF LEPER COLONY
MAYOR PHELAN ASKS AID OF
SENATOR PERKINS.
Assurances Given That the Federal
Government Will Act in the
Matter in the Near Future.
The following correspondence between
Major Phelan and Senator IVrkins will
rest to the residents of the
Mission district who are Interested in the
future disposition of the unfortunates con
fined at the Pesthouse:
SAX FRANCISCO, April 1, 1699.
Hon. George C. Perkins, united States
Senator -Dear Sir: San Francisco has har
-1 a larRP number of lepers In a pub-
Id- Institution for many years. These
lepers < "me from all parts of the coast,
which is an unjim burden upon our peo
ple. Now' that the United States has ac
quired the Hawaiian Islands, we deaire to
intprost you in nur request made to the
Federal authorities for permission to trans
fer those patipnr." affltffd with leprosy to
thf FPttloment at Mnlokai.
I would like to have your Judgment on
the proposition— in cose you approve, your
advice and assistance. Tours respectfully,
JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor.
S\N FRANCISCO, April 5, 1899.
Hon. James D. Phelan, Mayor of San
Francisco, Cal— My I 'car Mayor: I have
before me your valued favor of the Ist
Inat Inclosing resolution No. ]S«i (Fourth
Series) In rr-iation to the exportation of
lepers to Molokal, In the Hawaiian Islands.
In reply thereto would say that I think
the resolution is In the Interest of th>;
bealtb Of our rtty and State, and. as you
Justly say, the support of these lepers t.o
.im unjust burden upon our people.
I am in full accord with your \i«jws on
this subject. It Pcems only rlßht and
proper that the Federal authorities should
*rrant permission to have patients afflicted
with leprosy transported to the Island In
the Hawaiian (tr-oup especially set apart
for their treatment, and their support
should lie borne by the Government In pen
eral.
It Is needless for me to Bay that it will
afford me great pleasure to co-operate with
you and the Board of Supervisors In your
efforts In this direction. I am Inclined to
the opinion, however, that our Federal au
thorities would at this time answer us by
Baying that they have no authority to
grant this permission, as under the resolu
tion annexing the Hawaiian Islands to the
United States is provided In substance:
That until Congress shall enact laws for
the government of the territory, the Ha
waiian laws now In force and not In con
flict with the treaty of the United States
or with treaties with other countries, or
In conflict with our own laws, shall remain
In full force and effect until the Congress
of the United States shall provide the nec
essary legislation for the government of the
Territory of Hawaii.
The Commissioners appointed by the
President last year visited the islands and
they have formulated a bill for Its ter
ritorial government.
This i ill has been Introduced Into both
branches of Congress and referred to the
committees, but no action has yet been
taken by Congress. Therefore, until this
bill becomes a law, I do not think the ob
ject in view can be attained. But as I
have before stated, as soon as the reso
lution which has been formulated Is final
ly adopted, If you will place In shape a
proper communication, to the President I
shall gladly Join you In the petition prayed
for. I remain, very truly yours.
GEO. C. ]'t:ukins.
Restaurant Men Must Use Pitchers
for Wine or Stamp Their
Bottles.
Internal Revenue Commissioner Wilson
notified Internal Revenue Collector Lynch
yesterday that the Commissioner had re
fused to rescind his ruling requiring the
stamping of wine bottled In restaurant*
for the free use of persons taking dinner.
Application had been made to the Com
missioner for permission to the restau
rant men to consider their bottles of wine
In the same light as bar bottles, which
do not require stamping; but the Commis
sioner refused to give his assent a,nd re-
Iterated his former ruling.
The Estrella Vaudeville.
Tho banquet hall of the Native Sons'
building was crowded last night by an as
semblage of ladies and gentlemen, who
had accepted the Invitation of La Estrella
I'arlor of the Native Daughters of the
Oolden West to attend its "at home" and
vaudeville entertainment. The social com
mittee, of which Mrs. Aigeltinger was
chairman, had arranged a programme
that embraced a minstrel first part with
Miss Snphlo Asmus, Miss Tillie Rothman
and Miss Helen Bellow as bones- Mr
R. P. Gale, Miss Birdie Hartman and
Emll Boldermann as bones, and Professor
George Hush as middleman. The prin
cipal soloists were William Fenstermach
er and William Kells. There was some
goo<l vocalization and many up-to-date
jokes. In the dlvertlsement there were ln
troduced Willie Hnnnell, Bessie Rattlgan
and Baby Coakley, little tots who each
dirt a turn that added much to incr»-ase
the pleasure of the onlookers. The pro
gramme was followed by (lancing.
EMANUEL EMANUEL'S WILL.
Testament of the Big Furniture Man
Tiled for Probate.
The will of Emanui'l Krnanuel, late pro
prietor of the West Coast Furniture Com
pany of this city, who died recently, was
filed for probate yesterday. The petition
accompanying: the will states that the
value of the property will exced $10,000.
Decedent requests In his testament that
the life insurance be used to pay bor
rowed money if any such bills existed at
the time of his death. After such debts
are fully paid the residue of the property
Is bequeathed to a sister-in-law, Mrs.
Lewis Emanuel, a nephew, Joseph L.
Emanuel, and to Mrs. Jane Ixiwengrrund,
Mrs. Kate Neugass and Eliza Emamii'l,
nieces of the deceased, share and shar>
alike.
A policy in the American Legion of
Honor is devised to George J. Emanuel of
Birmingham. Eng., in payment of a debt.
Joseph L. Emanuel and L. Lowengnind
art- named executors of the will. Late
yesterday afternoon they filed an appli
cation for special letters of administra
tion upon decedent's estate, stating that
such letters of administration are nec< b
sary to prevent loss to the estate during
the interim between the present date and
the date upon which letters testamentary
will be issued.
DOWN 60 THE RATES
ON PULLMAN SLEEPERS
GREAT NORTHERN INAUGUR
ATES A NiiW SCHEDULE.
The Pullman palace car people are ex
periencing tholr first rate war In the West.
Ever since the traveling public became
convinced it could stand its two and a
half per night for an lntermittant snooze
across country Mr. Pullman and his por
ters have had rates and about everything
else all their own way.
Now, however, they have found their
finish, temporarily anyway. The company
has boon compelled to paro down its
through tariffs to Missouri River points
on both berths and drawing rooms, and it
remains to be seen whether the cut will
stop at its present figures. The loosening
of Mr. Pullman's cinch was effected by
Jim Hill, the fighting president of the
Great Northern. Hill has never paid
bounties or royalties or anything else,
Bave the first price, to the Pullmans or
Wagners or other of the palace car manu
facturers. "When he has wanted sleepers
he has bought them outright and paid the
B&laries of his own porters.
A week ago he announced he could find
profit enough in a lesser rate than the
standard that has obtained and cut
prices from one and a half to two dollars
to Missouri River points. Yesterday the
Pullmans announced the same cut. The
cut Is as follows: From Omaha to San
Francisco and Los Angeles, from $13 to
$1150. drawing room from $r>o to $44; from
Chicago to S;m Francisco and Los An
f'les. from H6 50 to $14, drawing room
B9 to |68; St. Louis, from $14 50 to $13.
drawing room $."•> to $50.
Dillon Adjudged Guilty.
In the case of Captain John (}. Dillon,
Indicted by the Federal Grand Jury for
heating a marine fireman named Gus
Mohr, the jury in the United States Dis
trict Court remained out all of last
Wednesday night and at noon yesterday
were discharge-], having failed to sign*.
A new jury wns Impaneled at 2 o'clock
yesterday afternoon and the second trial
proceeded, the object being to allow the
captain to sail for Manila on the Morgan
City when she leaves, which will he
about Monday. At about 10 o'clock last
night the jury brought in a verdict of
guilty as charged, with a strong recom
mendation for mercy.
Maclaren's Closing Lecture.
"Lan Maclaren." Dr. John Watson,
D.D., will make his farewell appearance
this afternoon at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
Hall. The lecture begins promptly at
half-past 3 o'clock, and the subject will
be the whole of "The Life of Dr. William
McClure." The great author will also
read selections from his latest and un
published story. Popular prices will pre
vail and children will be admitted at
half price. To-night Dr. Watson lec
tures in Oakland, and then goes north
It Is doubtful If "lan Maclnren" will ever
again visit America. He Is the pastor of
a great church In Liverpool and has much
literary work under way that will take up
all of his time for several years to come.
NEALL WAS IN
GOOD HEALTH
IN JANUARY
Examined Then for
His Promotion.
TESTIMONY OF DR. WARE
ACCUSED SEEMED WELL THE
DAY HE DISAPPEARED.
Facts and Figures Are Shown From
the Books of the Troop, the Club
and the Post Ex
change.
There was little else than a column of
figures In the court-martial of Lieutenant
Neall yesterday. They were taken from
the books of the Presidio Club, the books
of the troop to which Neal! was at
tached, from bills and statements from
merchants and from the books of the
post exchange. Receipts, disbursements
and balances filled the day's evidence to
the exclusion of everything else except a
few words about the condition In which
Neall seemed to be In at the tinre he
disappeared from the post.
I. P. Ware, captain and assistant sur- :
geon, was called during the afternoon to ;
tell the result of the examination to j
which Neall submitted at the time he
was before the examining board for pro- j
motion to a captaincy. A physical ex- I
amlnation is an important part of the j
examination for promotion, and Ware j
was one of the surgeons on the medical
board. The examination took place about
the beginning of January. Neall seemed
to be in good health and the surgeons
considered him well fitted to perform the
duties of the rank to which he aspired.
Dr. Ware noticed a slight weakness and
irregularity of Neall' s heart, but he at
tributed it to an attack of grip, from
which he was told Neall was just recov- |
ering. He did not consider the weakness
permanent or serious. He advised Neall
to smoke less, but that was all. Po far
as the certificate signed by Neall ueclar
ing that he was in good health was con- [
eerned Ware said the board seldom con-
Bidered such documents. An examina
tion is made of the applicant for promo
tion whether lie certifies he is in good
health or not. The certificate is presumed
to be merely the statement of the indi
vidual and he is not considered an ex
pert even on himself.
Under cross-examination Ware admit
ted that grip might affect a man in a va
riety of ways and might seriously Inca
pacitate him, but it would be more like
ly to make him inefficient In his clerical
duties than in his military duties.
This piece of information was brought
out by the testimony of First Sergeant
James C. Robertson of Neall'S old troop—
ii. He was called to tell everything about
the books of the troop and the troop
fund, but after he was through he was
asked about the inspection to which In
spector General Field subjected the troop
and of the maneuvers which they were
ordered to go through as a part of the
inspection. Neall was in command dur
ing the man. uvers and the sergeant tes
tified that there was nothing wrong with
the way he handled the troop; there were
no wrong orders given and the maneu
vers went off without hitch or mistake.
He thought at the time that Lleuti
Neall was well able to handle the troop
and that he knew his business. He had
noticed that Neall had had a bad cough
for some time before, but he knew the
lieutenant was not on the sick list. The
Inspection was held on the morning of
February lf>, the date of the disappear
ance of Lieutenant Npall. The desire of
the prosecution to show that on the morn
ing of that day he was apparently in ex
cellent health is evident.
Referring to the books, the sergeant
said the Inspector had found everything
in good shape except the truop fund book.
The inspector had not inspected the troop
fund book, but if he had done so he would
have found it sadly lacking in many items
that should have appeared upon Its pages.
The, troop fund book, the witness said.
was kept by the commanding officer of
the troop.
Lieutenant McNalr, quartermaster of
the Third Artillery, and one of the mem
bers of the court, was culled to testify to
the condition of the books of the Presidio
Club, of which organisation he is secre
tary and treasurer. ]!•■ succeeded Neall
in those offices. The Investigating com
mittee had reported to him that the club
was about $1000 in debt, and he wrote
to the various creditors for statements of
their accounts. He had settled all the
outstanding bills. He said the creditors
disclaimed all intention to dun the club,
but they submitted their bills as a memo
randum of account to be paid at conveni
ence. The books, the witness said, seem
ed not to have been kept up from May
of 1898.
McNalr was questioned closely by Mr.
Thornton as to the financial standing of
the club, the obiect being to show that
when most of the officers have been or
dered away the club is not self-sustaining
and under the circumstances the treas
urer has to wait until the receipts in
crease by the arrival of more officers be
fore he can pay all outstanding bills, but
this line of inquiry was not followed far,
as it will be made a matter of defense and
not of cross-examination.
The other witness of the day was Pri
vate Arthur M. Graham. Troop ]?, clerk
of the post exchange. His testimony re
lated to the receipts of the post exchange
and how they had been receipted for every
day by Lieutenant Neall. He. too, was
asked about Neall's health during Janu
ary and February of this year, but he
said he had noticed nothing serious the
matter with his officer.
More Trouble in Chinatown.
A number of Chinese highbinders loft
this city yesterday for Fresno to take
part in the war now on in that place be
tween the Hop Sings and the Suey Dins.
The Chinese in this city aver that the
trouble grew out of the convict inn of Tal
Choy for the murder of Chuck Hock in
this city about six months ago. The high
binders* were afraid of Lieutenant Price,
so they fought their battle in Fresno. The
war is not yet over by any moans, but it
is expected that the battleground win ho
changed from Fresno to San Francisco
before the end of the week owing to the
change, of squad men in Chinatown. The
new sqund Is not yet broken in to the
harness and the highbinders; think they
can operate more frec-ly than heretofore.
Cruelty to Animals.
Felix Gross, a coal dealer on Ninth
street, was yesterday convicted by Judge
Conlan on a char-e of cruelty to his
horses and was ordered into custody to
appear for sentence this morning on $300
bonds. The fuse against John Crowlcy,
one of Gross' drivers, was continued till
to-day. Gross wanted to conduct Crow
ley's defense, but was promptly stopped
by the Judge on the complaint of Secre
tary Holbronk. Then Gross got an at
torney's clerk to undertake the defense,
but he was also called down by the Judge.
Had Drunk to Excess.
W. H. Marston, a well-known insurance
man, was picked up at the corner of First
and Mission streets last evening by the
police and taken to the Receiving Hospi
tal, where he was treated for the effects
of excessive drinking. While the attend
ant at the hospital was out of the room
Marston Jumped through a window, and,
gaining the street, ran two blocks before
the officers could recapture him. He was
returned to the hospital and placed under
restraint.
Attorney Pistolesi Fined.
When Attorney Louis C. Pistolesl ap
peared before acting Police Judge Barry
yesterday for sentence on the charge of
disturbing the peace of Bacon place the
Judge said he would impose a fine of $5.
Pistolesi suggested, "no alternative," but
the Judge retorted that he was quite able
to pay the fine. Pistolesl gave notice of
appeal.
TWO TRANSPORTS
ARE TRAVELING
TOWARD TROUBLE
Warren and Newport
Sail for Manila.
SOLDIERS AND MARINES SAIL
BANDS PLAYED "THE STAR
SPANGLED BANNER."
It Will Be a Race to Honolulu Be
tween the Transports to Secure
the Only Available
\ Berth.
Two transports sailed for Manila yes
terday afternoon. The non-arrival of a
contingent of the men who were to go on
the Warren delayed that vessel since last
Tuesday, and in consequence she did not
got away until half an hour after the
Newport. Both vessels will call at Hon
olulu, and as there is only one availabe
dock, the first one in will get it. The bet
ting on the front is that the Newport will
be in port and tied up alongside the wharf
before the Warren arrives.
The Warren took away 240 recruits and i
912 men, comprising eight batteries of the \
Sixth Artillery, 22 bandsmen, 6 members ■
of the Hospital Corps and 2 members of
the N. C. staff. General E. B. Williston j
was in command, and with him !
were Major S. A. Cloman, commissary;
Major Bose, in command of the troops;
2G company officers and 4 surgeons.
The transport was to have sailed at 3 I
p. m., but the men who had been given j
shore leave could not be found, and the j
warning whistle from the steamer was
not sufficient to bring them out of the j
saloons in which they were having "just
one more before you go." A corporal's |
guard was se.nt out and several free \
fights were imminent before the men .
were driven out of the drinking-places j
and aboard the transports. Finally all j
who could be found were secured and
then the gangway was hauled in. A num
ber of stragglers then showed up and they |
were got aboard over the side with the |
assistance of a rope.
Second Boatswain Charles Barmann got
a good ducking just before the Warren
sailed. He went to throw a lot of rubbish
overboard, but kept such a tight hold on j
the stuff that he went over himself. Joe
Keating, Henry Peterson's factotum, hap
pened to be alongside the transport in a
Whitehall and he at once went to the
boatswain's assistance and got him into
the boat. Barmanii was put on the wharf
and got back aboard the transport noth
ing the worse for his wetting.
There were a number of changes among
the crew of the Warren. Chief Steward
Mussel has been appointed port steward
of the transport fleet and he remains
ashore. Chief Steward Howard went out
in his place. First Assistant Engineer
William E. Mears did not depart. His
place was taken by F. James, and D.
Hillman went out as second assistant, and
A. B. Gibson (Junior engineer) as third
assistant.
There was no delay in getting the New
port away. At 2:.% p. m. the last of the
soldiers marched down to the transport -
and were put aboard. Promptly at 3p. m. ;
the vessel pulled out into the stream ami i
was well out on her way to sea before the ■
Warren's lines were cast off. Strange to
say, \»ry few vessels saluted the New
port, while almost every whistle on the
front w;is blown as the Warren steamed
past. It was not generally known that
the Newport was to sail, and people took
her for one of the Mail Company's fleet
bound for Central America.
Those who went out on the Newport
were: Colonel Pope, commanding the
marines, and Major Tiernan, commanding
the artillery; Mr. and Mrs. I'msted and
son for Honolulu; Messrs. Hargls, Neth
ercote and Peyton, clerks for the Govern
ment service in Manila; and the following
nurses: Mrs. Switzenberg, Misses Anna
M. Seagran, Marie A. Kolp. Rose Tweed
Mrs. Dr. Palm, Misses C. L. Howard,
Margaret Bertram, Wlllha Dockrill S.
Hayden, M. A. Burrill. Mary Hambley,
Mrs. A. Newman (sister of Senator
Thurston of Xebraskai and Miss Hartley
(an artist). Mrs. Newman is to write a
book i>n the* Philippines and Miss Hartley
Will illustrate it.
Besides theso there were 260 marines,
officered by Captains Davis, Fuller, Long
and Haynes and l^leutenants Thorp, But
ler, Leonard, Gillson, Hill, Reid and Dun
lop. Major McAuley and Major Spicer
and Dr. Waggener also mustered with
the marines.
Two batteries of artillery, composed of
220. men and the following officers, also
■went out: Captain Taylor, Fourth Artil
lery: Lieutenants Bowley, Miller and Kll
breth; Captain Rellly, Fifth Artillery;
lieutenants Summerall and McCloskey.
and Dr. Coffin and Lieutenant Burgess,
commissary and quartermaster.
Of the other transports now in port the
Morgan City will probably get away next
.Monday. Her engines have been over
hauled and that has delayed her some
what. The Ohio go.s on the drydock at
Hunters Point to-day, and she will be
back at Folsom street to-morrow and
will begin loading Monday. The Senator
is now taking in her cargo and will he
ready to pail as soon as the troops as
signed to her arrive. The Grant is now
hourly expected from Manila and she will
be rushed back again as quickly as pos
sible. When she goes she will carry two
full regiments.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PERFECT
CONTENT
Is bound to be yours when you^et In-
side one of our faultlessly laundered
collars. No "saw-edges" mar your
comfort; no torn button holes excite
your anger. They're the perfect work
of the perfectly equipped United States
Laundry.
The United States Laundry, Office
1004. Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
ftCO^g^-
E ?PATENTSf 3
V£S/330 MARKET ST*s!f^Sy
j^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Jtjs^lll 025 KEARXT NT. Established
Wl K^KBa ln 18S4 tor the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEARNYNT. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
DlsejisPs, Lost Manhood. Debility or
JMHJBBtBHBgfc disease wearing on bodyand mind and
f3aßuHU<£ Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
tJSSftgJgftaothorsfull. Try him. Charges low
: 19Btt9tSB|Cnrea guaranteed. CiUlorwrlte.
»r.J.r.w£BßON,Boxl9o7,Sanl Iruiclsou1 ruicIsou
AUCTION SALES,
$50,000 BANKRUPT STOCK!
SUN FAT & CO.,
Mo. 39 GEAEY ST.
WILL BE SOLD OUT BY i
AUCTION
For the Benefit of the Crec'-irs.
TO-DAY (Friday), April 21.
At 2 and Sp. m. dally until - are disposed of*
Consisting of CHINESE AND JAPANESE!
GOODS OLD GOLD, SATSUMA AND CLOI-
BONNE WARES BRONZIES. EBONY GOODS.
A BEAUTIFUL COLLECTION OF CARVED
IVORY GOODS SILKS. SILK PIECE GOODS.
LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UNDER-
WEAR SILK BEDSPREADS. ROBES. JACK-
ETS AND TAP'.F COVERS. i
C. P. TROY & CO.. Auctioneer*.
jEo^Sß&i^, Doctor
jlSp** B^*^! M EY E R S
tHf *s^&ieml!L Specialists for Men
JUt xl B|l| Ko Par Tiu Cared * i ;
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. _ ALL FREE.
ESTABL.SHED 17 YEARS. Tho , , cured at hom9 ,
; All inters confidential. No Charge for Consultation.
731 sax FBAsJisfo lElevatar1 Elevatar Entrance.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
i^ Steamers leave Broadway
ffgjha.i wharf, San Francisco:
|Kgs«£2!fev For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.
§SS*P>3KW% April 21, 26, May 1; change at
ImJMi^^l For Victoria, Vancouver 'B.
BSsjT'StfPsh C), Port Townsend. Seattle,
r**S3KSS^I,\ Tacoma. Everett. Anacortea
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
"*• 10 a. m. April 21, 26, May 1,
and every fifth day thereafter; change at Seat-
tie to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., April
i 19, 24. 29, May 4. and every fifth day there-
, after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
'< Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis OblspO),
I Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Huoneme.
; San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Aneeles) and
i Newport. 9 a. m., April 22. 26, 30, May 4. and
i every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only nt Port Har-
! ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Anpeles). 11 a,
i m.. April 20, 24, 28, May 2, and every fourth
! day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
i Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax, Santa Rosalia,
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. ''
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKKT OFFICE— I New Montgomery
street ,'Palace Hotel}.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agrt*.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
FortTiLi^isriD
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CAPE $ 12 I trst (lass including norths
IMIIL S8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails April 23; May 3, 13, 23.
State of California sails April 2S; May 8,
18, 23.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
' Helena and all points In the Northwest.
I Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
| From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis May 3,' St. Louis May 24
Paris May 10 Paris May 31
St. Paul May 17 1 St. Paul June 1
RED STAR LINE.
New York anil Antwerp
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland May SlWesternland ....May 24
Friesland May 10 Kensington May 31
Southwark « May IT'Noordland June 7
EMPIRE LINE.
6eatt!e. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steamc*
JOHN REILLY.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN. Master.
Will Sail on op About May I.
For freight or passage apply to >■
B. COGAN, 44 East St.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from Now York Every Saturday fol».
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage, $50 and upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome, $:{5. Other Steamers, 930.
Steerage Passage
Rome, $25.50. Furnessla. .524.50. Other-
Str»., 923.50.
For Book of Tours and information apply to -.
HENDERSON BROTHERS.
General Agents. 7 Bowling Green, New York*
Or J. F. FCOAZI, 5 Montgomery St.,
Or L. F. COCKROFT, 114 Montgomery St., I
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New Montgomery St., !|
SAN FRANCISCO.
COMPAGNIE QENERALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINK to HAVRE-PARIS. j -rrn-
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. ■CJf BTjt'ft
from Pier 42, North River, foot of »3 5 as«Mh.
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. April 20; LA.
NORMANDIE. May 6: LA CHAMPAGNE, May
13; LA BRETAGNE. May 20; LA TOURAINE.
May 27. First-class to Havre, $65 and upward,
5 per cent reduction on round trip, Second-
class to Havre, $45; 10 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR.
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling
Green. New York. J. F. FTJGAZI & i 0., Paci-
fic Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San Fran-
cisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p m fop
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling' at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU, Saturday, May ff
HONGKONG MART- Thursday, June 1
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For-
freight and passage apply at company's office-'
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
»NV||MltfV The S - B - Australia
ifcMnlL snii " f r Honolulu
rfc 8 """ Wednesday. May 3, at
S^T 7^ " "• Moana sails
>JWmSninJ via Honolulu and
CyiUJiHJliy Auckland for Sydney
{OfllßflßH- Wednesday, May 17,!
Vviiifjuiu-j at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa; New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez, ;
England, etc.: S6lO first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
BAY AND B.IVEB ST^LAMEBS.
STOCKTOrT^XCURSIONsI i
Beginning April 24, THE STEAMER H. J. 1
. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepU-d). s Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m,
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Will be ready for business about WEDNE3-
DAT, April 20, liaa, JiATCH BKOi^ i
910
PROTECTION TO
MARIN COUNTY
GAME AND FISH
Club Members Who
Are Interested.
SUPERVISORS TO BE DINED
QUAIL SHOOTING SEASON WILL
BE SHORTENED.
Vice President Bergez of the Tamal
pais Club Gives Some Good
Suggestions in the Inter
est of Game.
An important moetinp is now being- ar
•; by the sportsmen of tho Country
Club and the Tamalpais Sportsmen'o dub
for tho purpose of discussing at lfiiKth
pome plan of action looking to the protec
; in Marin County.
The Country Club has Invited the Su
pervisors ity to a dinner, and
conclusion will then be
arrivi tween the sportsmen and
relative t" an ordinance
limiting the killing of quail and also the
trout.
the vice president of the
Llpais club, wan seen yesterday and
swer to a question relative to the
proposed ordim ag the shooting
n in Marin County for five years
Baid :
•■] am not in favor of an ordinance
which will practically ruin the paine pre
eerves of Marin County. By shutting off
■ y from the en- ;
Joyment >■!" a pastime which costs rlub
raembi is annually thousands of dollars
- ipervlsors of Marin
.Id be <iuii!^ us a great injus- j
- i !lub lias t xpended
i mey in buildings and
impr iv ts on its d< m< all of
this monej I the citizens of Marin
- we employ residents of the
do the work w,- need from time
rye.
'"We • • ers in the Interests <>f
a, and I can positively
the inauguration of the
that quail and ;
: surprising ex-
Th>' keepers have thinned out the j
vermin that is so destructive to game
■ .■ ■ ■ Lts pole
hawks, Mi. ■ have been de- :
• years, and to this
we attribute in a great meas
■ r< ..-•} in the game sup-
I • • mbers of |
small extent by the
prese rve bo conven
w hlch are protected from
arket hunters and poach
ntly wander outside the boun-
Bhot by lo- !
season when it
wful t'j kill game birds. There can
such thii g the fact
me preser\ ■ the
slaughter, a 1
v. 11 hoi : garni
I especially the protection of
nd sucl reed at home,
1 can ■ v say that few birds would I
any of the coast counties fur
to bag.
there are
iratively f. w game birds. The
aughter of game in sea
::. togethi r w r i the
. I unt( rs, and i specially thos e
tie markets, has had
■ ting the game that a f-w
plentiful. lam in favor
« ■' t\» ■/. . To open the season
il on November 1 Insi
giving to 1 sportsmen
■ in which to enjoy a fa-
I mring the month" of Oc
the young bird- h and con
is:ly killed. 1 think that
• also be restricted as to
■ birds killed per day. i n
! think an ordinance
T ""r any person
■ less than
■ gth would be very bene
ur pump fresh
■*_t>r fishes. I [ n favor of
■ trout fishing eom
n May 1 Instead of April 1 as
' troul fry art- kilb-d
month of the Beason by
• a sures should
ng tl -• who spear and :
dynai . . W hirh popu- i
i • production of !
"I ■ ■ ur keepers arrested
r who had twenty
tei Ihc ads in his !
speared in the :
The killinp of
meanl the !.>ss of several
million small trout to th.< stream from
h were taken. A.c
--: our club, membprs I
killing mor<. than I
■ 300 per year
erned, a mem
■ in three bucks
- imposed on any
kills a fawn rtr doe. I sin- '
that the Supervisors >.f Marin
lorn of fame pro
' limit on its destruc-
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
» >tel.
A W Dr<»w. USA M MePherson Mis*
r^ T t"P er ; T "": jn [Mrs M Pherson, Miss
m win o ** v v S P Westo ". Seattle
Mrs Winch. N } Mrs \V«-ston Seattle
M Devries. Stockton |w Garlan? L Ang
■F_Perlne. Palo Alto ]\r A Work. Cal
'.."™' Pn : L^ >•' h li T Rooney. Auburn
U \\ Chapln, Sacto A F Jones Orovilln
P/ R Mitchell; Clnn 'E A Bower Pa
Mm MlMltchell-Cinn W Hchnider Sacto
Miss .1 Mitchell. Clnn C Dickerman, St Paul
i> ES&SS; x v 2? B ?& k ,£SWS Paul
1' .1 Medbury, N \ .; I; Burton R T
Mlss^F .NY Mm Hurton.' Ii 1
J<, Hanrahan, NY -J T Stewart. N y
G Hainan, Salt Lake iJlra Stewart N V
H R During. Chlcagu C }■: I^rke.' Chicago
Mrs DerinK.; Chicago :•■• H Hughes. Milton
Ail/. Baker. ... ma Mrs Hughes. Milton
V,. Patters ° n Jr. V- S A I.: A , ,,... i; Jose
W ' • B N OF Bartlltf Rn^L
F M authrle. Minn PaSXrtT
W V " J :° rtld J Buck Vacav •
X Rooney. Spokane Ij H Phe m Ky
}• McNulty.SfK.kane Dr Cornwall. Conn
S O Morforo-, Rattle Mrs Cornwall Conn
E S Babcocki Cal T E Cornwall Conn
W Gerhard. Cal E A Cornwall Conn
Mrs Gerhard Cal J X ffl S
A a Stein -N i HE Jack s J. übi<t«
W Clark. L Ang r A McAHUter \v\T
J H Hayes, Detroit G E Goodman Napa
D II Hostetter. Pa Mrs Goodman ,
Mrs Hostetter. Pa 1 1, Seasoned O
Miss a«rdes, Pa i Mrs j. Season«?oon O
}£ It Uishop. X V |Mfßß D Keasoniroo'd O
G Motley. NY A Sea Seasoned °
Mrs Motley. NY A Season K ood O
C erzagt, N V Mrs A Seasonpood O
Mrs Clark. NY jMlss M Scaßongood O
Mrs Caraon. N V | Miss n Seasoncood X
GRAND HOTEL. '
Mrs J T Orr. Reno IT H O'Keefe S Jose
W L Raeder. Pa . H G Westure. lT n ,
.) }> Powell. Plymouth G n Holland Fresno
W Robertson. Cal B M HlrschfelderCal
W Grant. 71Ik s S E Adam, L Ant
M RosonberK. S Rosa ,M Conselcult L. An»
,■ I! Green. 8 Rafael .1 n Mall. NT
T S Kelly &w. R I Mrs j B Lewis Cheo
j: .1 Fraser. Rio Vista Mrs G Pyror Chito
Mrs II S Stebbins, G S Robblns&w.Minn
Seattle L D Jacks. S Rosa
C M Otley. Mill Val T C Austin & w Cal
T C Johnston. PleasntiL Gerlock & w ' stkm
E Mathewson. tllnms w s Woods "stktn
31 Hoben. Portland J R Masters. "Dunsmr
J F Howell. i; i A . O J Clifford & w Nev
E O Tuttlf. Cal "a McFall. N V
<■ L Ortman, Stockton F 0 Putnam.Portervll
H E Barber & w. Btkn A C Antrim. Cal
\V n Reed. Cleveland M Fox. Nlpoma
X A Booth, Cai .1 C Tice. Cal
Jjr J S Btoll, w & c, F H Howe, Redlanda
Oregon C H Horton Jr. Boston
<; I' Robinson. Chico J Berry. Fresno
W S McLeod. Sacto J A Becker&w.Juneau
W T Smith & w, Sacto a T Peersy, Berkeley
J S Becker. Sacto C A Jones, X v
1) Levy. Williams .1 H Adams. Cal
C L Rusßell. Tulare R H Johnson. Stocktn
A B Minor. San Jose T S BofTKS, Stockton
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
61 Carey. S Jose iP A Hansen, Sonora
F J Byrne, NY T X L'llman, Cal
F. Payson, Denver F A Moulter, Sacto
'C B Flnberg, Colusa | Mrs M J Janney, .Or
E Paynter, Cal I Miss C McNutt, Or
J S Hrant, Fresno \J L Washburn & w. la
C X Ball, Stockton 8 W Bailey, O
F H Morrell, S Rosa |F Adams, Cleveland
P Rogers. Madera E .1 Morse. Toledo
A A Gordon, Chicago V H May, O
MEETING NOTICES.
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection ,^
No. I— Regular meeting THIS (I' RI- Jf
DAY) EVENING, April 21, at 8 /I
o'clock. D. 5. «/_•*_
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. «_—
WANTED— Bushelman at ROOS BROS., 25 to
37 Kearny st. -
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. •
M.-THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, 7:30 -/V
o'clock, ID. By order of the V\ . M. J^\
ALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec. /^ A
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. •
121 Eddy St., will meet THIS KVEN-
ING, 1:30 o'clock. D. * /&&>
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec. /XT *
TEMLPAR RKBEKAH Lodge Ni». .^Sj_s»&_-
-19, I. O. O. Officers and mem- _g£<[22Nfe
be'rs are hereby notified to attend <?ffi!f&S>r
the funeral of our late sister, / " 11 anau _
ANNIE M FARR, from her. residence. 909H
Dolores St.. 1 o'clock :ane n q .
APOLLO Lodge No. 123, I. O. O. .
F. — Regular meeting S o'clock on _J&2SKfc_
FRIDAY NIGHT, April 21. 1599. -^UU^r
i DOUBLE INITIATION 8:30. Vis- ' '""^
i iting brothers cordially Invited.
J. J. APPLEGATE, N. a
W. F. NORCROSS. Kec. Sec.
A O. H. Division No. 2— Funeral no tt<^?>
tlce— The officers and members of this V^ v*
division are hereby notified to meet
at Hibernia Hall, 120 Ninth st., atcc\_y
9:30 a. m.. THIS DAY (FRIDAY), to iT^St
attend the funeral of our late deceased
brother, DENNIS BRESLIN. By order of
B. LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY, Rec. Sec.
REGULAR meeting Of the Caledon- v «7 >.
lan club THIS EVENING at 8 3V, GbjJ/1
o'clock at Scottish Hall, 117 Lar- "X_^J_c
kin st. ANGUS McLEOD, Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR, Secretary.
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
I of June, A. D. 1899, at eleven o'clock In the
noon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets namely, at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market st.. in the City and County
of San Francisco, state of California; that
the object of said meeting is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00), in
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company: and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
i acquired by said Company.
By order of the Hoard of Directors of tha
! Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
| —————*——* ———————————— ——————— —— — ~
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Luke st., S. F., Cal., has re-
ceived the following orphans and half-or-
phans girls from Jan. 1 to April 1. 1899: Dor-
othy Eaye, S years: Susan Connolly. 3 years:
Rose Connolly, 2 years; Frances L. Dawson, 8
years; Helen G. Dawson. 6 years: Annie F.
Peoples, 10 years; Mary F. Peoples, 2 years;
Grace E. McKewen, 5 years: Marietta E. Mc-
Kewen, 3 years; Georgia A. Smith, 11 years:
Laura Custer, 11 years; Edna A. Anthony, 9
years; Myrtle Corrlgan, 11 years; Lillian E.
Powers, 7 years; Theresa M Bowtwell, 10
years: Maud M. Manny. 6 years.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d at.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country- PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: teL 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 92 (fifty
cents per ire) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
comnany, 327 Market St., on and after
TUESDAY, May 2, 1899. Transfer books will
close on Wednesday. April 26, 1899, at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS AV ANTED— FEMALE.
BEST care and pains taken to supply ladles
with servants for all kinds of work; call or
telephone your orders to us. J. F. CROSETT
_ CO., 316 Sutter St.
REFINED, competent French woman desires
situation as nurse; willing to go East; best
references. Miss CULLEN, 325 Batter st.
YOUNG Swedish girl to do housework or cook-
ing. Please call at 609 Locust aye., off La-
guna St., bet. Golden Gate and McAllister.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to do
general housework: city or country; refer-
ences. Address 313 Seventh st.
GERMAN woman wants a place in a lunch-
house or in a restaurant. Call at 76 Clem-
entina St. ______________
MIDDLE-AGED Swedish lady wishes a place
as first-class cook in city or country; cook for
men. 1747 Stockton st., in the rear.
WOMAN wants a position to do general house-
work; will work by the day; wages no object;
wants a good home. Call at 220 1 ,. Ninth st.
LADY, can take charge of kitchen; first-class*
cook; soo<i reference. 417 Minna St., be-
tween Fifth and Sixth.
WANTED Position as housekeeper or cashier
by a respectable American lady; city or coun-
try. Box 1. Call office.
YOUNG girl, 14 years of age, wishes a place
in respectable family to assist in light house-
work. Apply at 946 Harrison st.
GERMAN, middle-aged, with a girl 11 years
old, wishes situation as working housekeeper;
city or country. MRS. MOORE, 2033 Mission.
SWEDISH woman wants washing, ironing or
housfccleanlng by the day. Address 30 Aztec
St., off Shot well.
2 YOUNG cooks: German style; city and San
' Rafael; $25. 418 Powell st.
GIRL wishes situation to do general house-
work. Call at 622 Jessie st.
i SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general
housework and cook. Apply at 927 Florida st.
AN experienced Protestant lady wants posi-
tion as housekeeper; fond of children; will
do family sewing. Call or write MRS.
WHEELOCK, 541 A Castro St.
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do gen-,
eral housework; good plain cook; $10; city
or country- 504 Howard st.
GERMAN woman would like chamberwork.
Address box 4, Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes situation for general
housework. SSS East Fourteenth St., Oakland.
I RELIABLE middle-age.l woman wishes situa-
tion: is good cook; do light housework; city
or short distance in country; best reference:
no postal answered without carfare. 3886
Twenty-third st., near Sanchez.
FRENCH girl wishes position to do second
work or chamberwork and sewing; also wait
at table. 568 Mission st.
COLORED woman wishes a situation as lady's
maid or in doctor- office. Address M., box
352, Call.
EXPERIENCED nurse desires engagements;
terms moderate. Box 8, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE employmt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO. 725 Geary St.; tel Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 424.
YOUNG man and wife want positions in coun-
try. Answer before noon, box 78, Call office.
EXPERIENCED Japanese man wants work in
office or hotel as under Janitor. Address box
75, Call office.
YOUNG Englishman, 20, wants work as por-
ter n|tn work about place; good worker. Ad-
dress G. WELLS, 601 Stockton St.
YOUNG man of good business ability would
like situation of any kind In mercantile or
wholesale house. Box 72, call office.
JAPANESE wants position to work in family;
housework, garden or any kind work; city or
country. S. X.. 319% O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE, a candy worker, wants position
to work and learn to make candy in factory
or store; city or country. S. X.,319% O'Farrell.
GARDENER: understands the care of plants
in and outdoor/ fruit and vegetable growing;
wishes position on country place or resort;
references. Box CB. Call office.
EXPERIENCED young German wishes work
as window washer and housecleaner by the
day. Address Housecleaner, 748 Howard st.,
room 6.
POSITION as clerk In grocery store, in city
or Oakland, by steady young Englishman;
3 years out; best of references. F. C.. box
87, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by reliable young man as
! indoor servant; best of city references. T
; A., 419 Stockton st. .
$5 WILL pay to any one securing me position
of any kind; well educated; references. Box
299, Call office. .
COLORED man and wife want situations as
cooks In a boarding bouse. ■ 1608 Leavanworth. ,
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1899.
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Continued.
YOUNG man understanding work about place
desires work in city; references. Address A.
F.. box 3. Call. _^________
RELIABLE man wants work; can do any kind
of work around house: good lawn gardener;
sober and neat. Box 308. Call office.
MAN (middle-aged) understands the care of
horses, cows, buggy and garden, wants situa-
Box 821, Call office. - ■ ■■ .
SITUATION wanted by practical florist and
gardener to take charge of private place; Ger-
man, age 32, single; IS years' experience In
plants, cut flowers, vegetables and landscape
gardening; first-class references. Address
box A 3, Call office.
EXPERIENCED young married man wishes a
position as driver or any kind of work; is
honest, obliging and reliable; best of refer-
ence. Box A 2, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by neat German boy in
city or country; age 16 years; residing with
parents; references. Apply at 1032 Hampshire
Ft., near Twenty-third.
GARDENER— A practical gardener, under-
stands the business in all branches and a good
horseman, wishes situation. Address box G
98, Call.
BOOKKEEPER. French, 45 years, good ac-
countant and correspondent, wishes situation;
first-class references. Address box 65, Call.
COOK would like a position In country board-
m ing-house or mining camp; sober and indus-
trious. 149 Third et.
THIRD hand baker wants steady work. Ad-
dress box 2, Call.
YOUNG man wishes position as assistant en-
gineer or to take entire charge of small en-
gine; city or country. A. L., box 18, Call.
— Foreman, steady worker, with best
of references, wishes situation; city or coun-
try; stock or compressed yeast. Address M.
G., box 1484, Call office, Oakland.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT lady's maid, $30 per month. MIS 3
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT second girl, Burllngame, $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
i GIRL for delicacy store, $6 per week; must
speak German. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
I COOK, San Mateo, $35; see lady here. MISS
j CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, $15 per month: country .;
>---Iparty here. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
SEAMSTRESS, country, $20 per month. MISS
i CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
i COOK, $35; first-class place for th« first of
j May. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
•NURSE. 1 child 6 months old, $25 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
i NURSE for 1 child 3 years old. MISS <___-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
j "C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
25 waitresses for May 1, for resorts and
springs, $20; 10 waitresses for commercial
country hotels. $20; waitress, resort, call
early; 4 waitresses, city, $20; 2 arm wait-
resses, city, $20; restaurant waitress, $30; 2
restaurant waitresses. $5 60; 4 lunch and din-
ner waitresses. $20; 2 lunch waitresses, IV.
hours' work, 35c: woman cook for resort, $35.
FAMILY ORDERS
6 cooks, American and Jewish families, $25 to
$30: 10 cooks and house girls, $25; 7 Swedish
and German house girls, $20 and $25, and a
neat girl for housework and assist care baby,
$20; and many young girls to assist, $15. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TWO waitresses; same hotel short ways In
country; $20; small fare. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary Bt..
WANTED— Protestant nurse to travel, $25: 6
German, or French cooks. $30;
6 waitresses for springs and resorts, $20; sec-
ond girl. $20; a large number of girls for
housework, city and country. $20 and $25.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
WANTED— A first-class ladies' tailor for Los
i Angeles; must be a good coat maker. Apply
to STEIN, SIMON & CO., bet. 12 and 1.
; GIRL for light upstairs work and sewing;
San Anselmo. Address HAMMOND, San
Anselmo, Cal.
■ 10 LADY canvassers for popular household ar-
ticle; big profits. Call 18 Montgomery St.,
r i in 2, between 9 and 12 a. m.
WOMAN for light housework. 66 Joost aye.,
Sunnyside.
OPERATORS on caps, hats and sunbonnets;
also two tuckers. 547 Market st.
YOUNG German girl assist In light housework.
2410 Polk st.
WANTED— A lady bookkeeper for a retail
store; must be competent. Box 74, Call.
— Improvers and apprentices at
dressmaking. 330 O'Farrell st.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking; paid while
learning. 1032 Folsom st.
APPRENTICE girl wanted for tailoring busi-
ness. Apply 414 O'Farrell st.
! BOOKKEEPER and stenographer, Graham sys-
tem; must be good penman. Box 76, Call.
FOR a bakery, a reliable lady with experience.
1923 Fillmore st.
NEAT girl to assist in light housework. 1111
Post st.
WANTED— to assist In general houße-
work; good plain cook; Scotch, German or
American preferred; wages $12. Call between
9 and 12 a. m., 3793 Twenty-fourth st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman; light house-
work; good home; small wages; in Alameda,
1000% McAllister St., San Francisco, Friday,
2 to 4 p. m.
WANTED — Young French girl for general
housework in Alameda; must be neat and
obliging; no washing. Apply box 306, Call.
WANTED— A first-class cook. German, at 1721
Van Ness aye.; call between 1 and 3 p. m.
PROTESTANT girl for general housework; $12.
710 Cole St., near Chutes.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. Apply
! 3448 Twentieth St., corner Capp.
I WANTED— skirt hands. 1022 Mar-
I ket st.
| FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants; steady work.
858 Howard St., over handball court.
WANTED— A good finisher and button-hole
maker for tailoring. 208 Rose aye., near Oc-
tavla st.
DRESSMAKER'S apprentice wanted. 406 Sut-
ter St., rooms 90-91.
WANTED— GirIs to learn finishing pants. 546
Sanchez St., near Nineteenth.
FIRST-CLASS finisher and buttonhole maker
on fine vests. 854 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' presser at the New Pa-
risian Dyeing and Cleaning Wits, 2216 Foleom.
GIRL between 14 and 16 to assist in light
housework. Call after 9 a. m., 714 McAllister.
WANTED— Good alteration hands at E. MES-
S ACER'S CLOAK STORE, 145 Post st.
WANTED — Operators on crash and duck skirts.
DAVIDSON _ MILLER, 731 Market St.
OPERATORS on overshirts and underwear.
LXVI STRAUSS & CO., 36H Fremont St.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ..Phone Grant 185
Night cook, railroad camp, $35; cook, country
restaurant, $50 to $60; second cook, $50; cook,
email country hotel, $35; cook, plain hotel,
city, $30; short-order cook, ferry-boat, $36;
• camp waiter, $20; dishwasher, country, $15;
porter, country hotel, $20; head waiter plain
hotel, $35. • ',
MISCELLANEOUS
2 carpenters for railroad timbering, $2 50 _
day; machinist, country, $2 50 a day; stable-
man, city, $35' and room; 8 farmers, $25 and
$20; 5 milkers, $25.
A gang of laborers, construction work, $2 a
day, near city; call early.
A gang of railroad laborers, new work.
A gang of railroad teamsters, new work.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
PANTRYMAN, country hotel. $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Carpenter $2 50 day
Blacksmith, country, shop
Wheelwright, country shop, see boss here
Stableman, city $25 and found
Buggy washer, $25 and found; harness-maker
for ranch; farm hands, milkers; tools and
provisions furnished for woodchoppers, Santa
Cruz County; machinist, city; tlemakers, etc.;
3 fishermen; man to drive 'bus and care for
garden, Institution. ■ - •
MISCELLANEOUS
Runner for lodging-house; waiter for insti-
tution; cooks, city and country; ironer, coun-
try laundry; private family cook. MURRAY
_& READY, C.14-636 Clay st.
WANTED— fobbing blacksmiths, $2 day and
board and $o4 month; teamsters, $1 76 day; 2'
laborers for mine, $26; men for vineyard work
$16 to $17; office boy, $3 week; choreboy, pri-
vate family, $10, and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 828 Sacramento St. ■
WANTED— Scotch baker for country, $45 and
found; young cook and waiter, $35 and found
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
623 Sacramento st.
WANTED— German cook,. $60; oyster cook
country, $20; waiter, boarding-house. $25;
gardener, country hotel, fare paid, $15; boy
for private place, country, $15 and found etc
ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton St. ' *
MAN who understand! vegetable gardening
and ranch work, $25 per month and found
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HEAD waiter, city hotel, $35. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Emplymt.
Bureau, 1125 Market st. W. J. Brideshaw, Sec.
WANTED— Apprentice, about 17, to learn elec-
trical manufacturing; small wages to com-
mence; security necessary. Address box 79,
Call office.
HELP WANTED— < nntlnned.
WANTED— Jobbing machinist with electrical
experience to run manufacturing and jobbing
shop; deposit of $100 required. Address box
SO, Call office.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 614
Geary St.; call Friday morning.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
1423 Dupont st.
BARBER for Saturday. 1648 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED shirt and overall cutter
wanted. 410% Mission St., third floor.
BOY wanted. Box 81, Call office.
WANTED— A dishwasher for restaurant. 113
Turk st.
YOUNG barber wantc-d for Wednesday, Satur-
day and Sunday. 62 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
PRESSMAN on pants. S. N. WOOD, corner
Powell and Eddy sts.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor wanted. 40S Sut-
ter st. SCHIMMEL & STOVER.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel, Jessie 1164.
BOY who has worked at shoemaklng on the
bench. 641 Post st.
NICE sunny Bitting place for tailor; also fur-
nished room; private family. 160 Seventh st.
RECRUITB wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citjzens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
Inches and 6 feet 1 Inch In height. For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
flce, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Scraper drivers and laborers at
Broadway and Devisadero st.
TWO first-class ladles' tailors wanted for the
country; must be rapid, good operators. Ap-
ply at STEIN. SIMON & CO., Market and
Second sts., San Francisco.
TO go this week — 500 pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 60c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 662 Mission st.,
Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9p. m.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
_50c. 662 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
150 MEN to take best single, room. 15c night; $1
week: "France House," 149 3d St., and "Oak-
House," 664% Howard st. ; reading-room.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands. Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Shlp-
_Ping Agent, 504-606 Davis st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
_rocma; 26c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast, Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBPON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms from^Bo
to 60c; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F
Barber College, 188% Eigltfh st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
SINGLE moms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, 865% Market st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a. week.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address !n the
'nlted States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
AGENTS WANTED.
COUNTRY to sell Leather Lustre; best seller
out; sample postpaid, 2i"c. J. Brown, 332 Bush.
HOISES WANTED.
15 TO 20-room house, unfurnished; north of
Murket St.; good tenant. Box 445, Call.
KIRJiITI'RE WANTED^
J. C. MUTHER, 632 Market st.. rays hlghesT
cash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
WAXTED-MISCELLAMiOIS.
LAUNCH, 25 to 30 feet, with or without en-
gine: must be cheap. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mts-
sion st.
WANTED— Second-hand phaeton In good con-
dition: must be cheap; cash. Address box
373. Call office.
SECOND-HAND typewriter; cheap. Box 70.
Call office.
DENTISTS.
DR~T~R HIGGINS' Dental~Park>rs]
Emma Spreckels' bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the t«eth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $6. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— Hee our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridgework; teeth
without plates our specialty; flexible plates
from J5; crowns. $3 50: fillings, 60c; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done palfilessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions, free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by hiR wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty: full set of
teeth. $5; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c: all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors. 1206 Market st.. cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN VTtOOM liental Parlors; guaranteed
work; loweßt prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; teeth without plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS. 8 Mason St.. corner Market.
DR. LUDLUM MILL. 1441 Mnrket st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction
guarantd. N. Y. Dentist, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanlral drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English: 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
AYRKS' Business College. 723 Market stT;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; Funny rooms; low rates- day
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
tng, mech. survey, assay, archi.; day & eve •
eFt. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING; the only place on the coast
to learn It practical) v; rapid calculations;
short time. TARR, 572 Parrott building.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 306 Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F . and 906 Broad-
way, Oakland; flay and night; correspondence.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. De Flllppe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Post; ablest profs.
LOST.
LOST— I bill book with D. P. CRESWELL'S
name on side on East St., between Broadway
and Union. Return to FARNS WORTH ,fc
RUGGLES, 100 California at., and receive
reward.
SABLE fur boa. Wednesday. April 19, on Fif-
teenth Bt., Oakland, bet. Brush and Franklln-
st. station or on 12:45 p. m. train for San
Francisco; liberal roward. Return to MRS
SPEAR, 726 Fifteenth st., Oakland.
LOST— In San Francisco or on 6:45 p. m. nar-
• row gaure boat, black silk garter with a gold
buckle having Initial M. : reward. Address
box 847, Call office, Oakland.
LOST— A white Spitz dog In neighborhood of
626 Shotwell st.; answers to name of Spitz
Reward at 626 Shotwell st.
LOST— Shooting medal on march from B'nal
B'rlth Hall up to Larkln and Sutter sts. Re-
tnrn to 401% Sutter «t. ; reward.
FOUND.
FOUND— A lady's gold watch on Geary st. In-
quire Hackmeler Hotel. Eddy st.
BEWING~MACHINEST
$3 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 146 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 206 Fourth st.
PHYSICIANsT
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, ofno*~and~resldenoi»r
ICZIV4 Market si. bat. tta *b« 7U.
PERSONALS.
T. BRILLIANT, 338-340 Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
. SEND stamp for free copy matrimonial paper
containing many personal ads. 653 Clay st.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITARI, 313 Sutter st.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser; popular
prices, 25c; good switches, $1; fine.- $2 50; long-
est hair rolls, 35c; Quintonlca, the infallible
; hair tonic, 35c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
VITAL ORE REMEDIES— A cure for every
one, for all complaints; price Vital Ore, $1;
Vital Ore Pills, 25c; Vital Ore Oline, 50c; send
me your address and I will call or send by
: mall. J. a. FORD, 340 Third St., S. F., Cal.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
, PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private Individuals. 204 San Jose
aye., near Twenty-fourth st. Tel. White 481.
AUGUSTA LEOLA, 2326 Mission St.. near 20th
— Greatest fortune teller In the world; gives
luck, love and magic charms; also teaches
fortune telling; fee, $1 and upward.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEDERER' FOAMO SHAMPOO, the best In
the market, 6c package; try It; see fine win-
dow exhibit this week. 123 Stockton st.
SUITS to order $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO., ISI4 Market st. ; open evenings.
IN divorce matters will give full Information
free; strictly confidential. Box 831, Call.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
$150 FOR high grade upright piano; almost
new; cost $450. 643 Chenery St., Mission.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st, bet. 7th and Bth.
SBARBORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 531
[ Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE, Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N.Y. TAILORING Co., 115 Kearny.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no In-
jection Dr. Gordin,sl4 Pine, ab. Kearny.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8; bed loung-
es $4 60; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
• Post st., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
-DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses ma«fb, $5 up; dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
PLAIN skirts. $1: plain sewing; bindings put
on skirts, 25c. 910 Pine St.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 25c. 400 Leaven worth st.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-day 2 p. m. and
8 o'clock; tests; articles read; 10c. 120 Sixth.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight St.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fr!., 2 p. m. ;
Mon., 8; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
. ~ CL AIR V V ANTS. ~
MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
AT 1023% MARKET STREET,
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice
which will overcome your enemies, remove
family troubles, restore lost affections, make
marriage with the one you love no failure, re-
move influence, bad habits; will give correct
information on lawsuits, sickness, death, di-
vorces, absent friends, etc.
-N. Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK, ■
1023% Market street, San Francisco.
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary St.,
between Powell and Mason. Her success aa a
medium has startled the entire world. Her
power Is acknowledged by press and public to
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human power.
Her parlors are thronged by anxious people
looking for Important information, and every
reply is most gratifying; all are pleased.
Without a question she tells each caller their
name and for what they came. She gives i
advice an business, speculation, lawsuits, old I
estates, love, courtship and marriage — every-
thing. The unfortunate and troubled should
seek her counsel and start aright. Positively
no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom-
panies. 9 a, m. to 8:30 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond Eight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing: ladies, 50c; gents, $1; sit. $150. 126 Turk.
MIPS ALICE FAURE, card reader and palmist.
405 Kearny St.; room S4; French and German
spoken.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis St., parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MIPS EVA SHELDON, palmist and card read-
lng. 17 Grant aye., parlor 6.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 153% sth, r. 21.
MME. HAYS returned; card reader and mag-
netiet. 207 Powell st., rooms 5 and 6.
MIPS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St., rooms 1 and 2.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP, psychometrlst and clair-
voyant; readings, 50c; letters, 60c. 1724 Mrkt.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 1033 Mission
st., downstairs.
A. OLSEN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
only. 10% Eighth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c: ladies only.
543 Natoma st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
YOUR fortune told by cards; ladies, 25c;
gents, 50c. 627% Post st.
MISS L. DEAN, card reader and palmist. 719
Market St., room 2.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. AUGUST, 1160 Mission St.; clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pares. In wrappers for mailing, $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MMeT~NEeIrGAARD, pupil Count St! Ger^
malne; 616 Geary sjt.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; reading by mall. $1.
SUPERFLUOUa HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
Bt. : 15 years' experience; references plven.
HORSES.
STYLISH standard bred dark bay pacing mare;
price $250; also standard bred blood bay trot-
ting mare, $150; both sound, > young 5)
and extra speedy. Can be seen at 347 Fre-
mont st. : pedigree and trial given.
WANTED— Stylish young carriage team; 16%
hands; chestnut preferred. Box 232, Call.
TWO perfectly matched road teams, 16 hands,
weight 2200 and 2300, good roadsters: also sev-
eral fast single horses; road cart; racing sul-
ky and harness; private stable. 1618 Folsom.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams; all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE *
MENDENHALL'S sale yard. 1732 Market st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons,, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FTNTiPTa^rn^ryr^bakeTs^r^imUk
gleg; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom at.
ATTORNEYS A IV LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; prlvte;
no fee without success; collections. O W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. S. — Emma Spreckels building, 921
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — s22so; CORNER grocery and bar on Powell
St.; established many years; doing first-class
paying business; living rooms; daily receipts,
$30; large stock; lease; a genuine good chance.
R. G. WILKEv 906 Market St.
A— s3oo; BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor,
with 4 living rooms; rent $32 50; average daily
receipts $15; choicest location on Sutter st.
WILKE, 906 Market St., room 6.
A— ssoo RESTAURANT; best business location
In this city; rent $25; established years; aver-
age dally receipts $25; good prices; best class
customers. K. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A-$450; DELICATESSEN store and branch
bake/y on Larkin st. ; doing a splendid pay-
Ing business; rooms; rent low; owners bought
country hotel. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— s4ooo; MECHANICS' hotel, close to Iron
foundries and factories; kept by owner the
last 6 years; clearing above $300 per month;
47 rooms; kitchen; good paying bar, etc.;
new 5 years' lease; always 200 or more steady
boarders; Investigate at once; a genuine bar-
gain. Call R. G. WILKE. rm. 8. 906 Market.
A— {2so; BRANCH bakery, with 3 nice living
rooms; choicest location in the Mission; rent
low. Inquire R. G. WILKE, rm. 8. 906 Market.
A— $1100; SALOON In Western Addition; ele-
gant flxutres; club and ladies' rooms; side en-
trance; doing a first-class paying business;
rent, $23. Call WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— sl6so; MONEY-MAKING offer; thousands of
dollars In sight; patent right for the U. S. on
SINGLETREE for protection of trees; every
fanner of fruit grower needs them; small
cost of manufacturing. Particulars of R. G.
__WILKE, 906 Market St., room 6.
WE buy, sell or exchange businesses of any
__kind. STRAND & CO.. 1027% Market st.
RELIABLE, honest man In old established
business; clears $75 or more each per month;
experience not necessary; small capital re-
quired. GUS STRAND & CO., 1027Vs Market.
SPLENDID paying hotel, near city; 13 rooms, 2
storerooms; barn; corner; large grounds;
beautiful location; rent, license reasonable;
owner sell lease at great bargain; rare busi-
ness opportunity. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broad-
way. Oakland.
$1200— HOTEL; city front; retiring from bus.
cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Mkt.
FOR sale or rent— An old-established brewery
in prosperous country town; complete outfit
for business. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Mkt.
$225— FINE shaving parlors; 6 chairs; clears $80
to $100; big bargain. LESS, 765 Market st.
$175— DELICACIES; dairy produce store; north
Market; receipts $S; rent $14. LESS. 765 Mkt.
$400— PARTNER in mechanical business; $18 to
$25 a week; no experience required; must be
reliable. Western Invest' mt Co., 9 Geary st.
$1800— 22- ROOM hotel; must be sold at once;
neat place in nice neighborhood: guests mid-
dle class. GERMAN-AMERICAN. 34 Kearny.
$400— SALOON; a bargain; at once. COWING
&' CO., 995 Market st.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for
cash apply to MOON & CO.. lOOBV2 Market st.
PARTNER is wanted in a newly established
saloon business in a srood locality, and who
Is familiar with the handling of wines. Apply
Call office.
$225— DELICACY, bakery, variety store; living
rooms; fine location; no agents; party leaving
city. Box 293, Call office.
STEADY and active party with small capital
In office; fair wages. Call at 41 Third st.
WANTED -Partner with $1600; established
liquor business; manufactures cordials, com-
pounds and cider; good outside trade. Box
805, Call office.
A— s3ooo TO $5000; partner wanted; chance of a
lifetime; business located center city; estab-
lished 12 years; a g-ood chance for steady man.
Call at 850 Market st., room 9. opp. Fourth st.
GROCERY and bar to rent: occupied at pres-
ent; good location; rent reasonable. 1114
Bryant st, bet. Ninth and Tenth.
PARTNER wanted with $2000 to $3000; hard-
ware business; a splendid chance for a young
man. Address H. W., box 88, Call office.
BAKERY, candy and notion store for sale;
call at once; no reasonable offer refused.
227 Ninth st
SALOON on East Pt.; good business; must be
sold at once; cheap; owner leaving city. Ad-
dress box 300, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bakery for sale cheap; good rea-
son for selling given. Box 307, Call office.
GOOD laundry route for sale, with horse and
wagon. 249 Pacific St., room 102.
CIGAR store for sale. 41 Fourth st. ; owner
leaving city.
WANTED— Two-chair barber shop cheap. Call
at 437 Fulton Bt.
MANUFACTURING plant running and pay-
ing: consume article; splendid chance for 2
lively young men; good reasons for selling.
Box 47, Call office.
SALOON for sale; in good location. Inquire at
636 Third st.
AN old estab. tailoring business: machines. 650
yds. cloth, trimmings, etc.; doing $500 per
mo. going to Europe. John Redley, 340 Third.
RESTAURANT for Bale and in good location,
and a big ranch. Call at 59S O'Farrell st.
STORE fixtures, showcases to let; suitable
candy; reasonable to business parties. 2848
Folßom st.
$2500— GOOD paying saloon within a block of
Call building. Box A-29. Call office.
FOR pile — Grocery and saloon at 947 Howard
St., near Sixth: 3 rooms In rear.
PAYING restaurant for sale cheap; low rent.
Apply MRS. GREER, 1941 Market st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
office.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
S4-ROOM house; new furniture and carpets;
cost $1300; price $<wO. DECKER, 1020 Market.
14 ROOMS; on O'Farrell st "$350
17-room house; large yard; downtown.... 400
IS rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms: exchange for larger house 600
14-room house on Van Ness aye 350
64-room house; clears $300; payments 3000
E4-room house; clears $300 1600
17 rooms; on Sixth st 450
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. ath.
A— KREDO & Co 22V4 Geary st.
Money ad\-anced on All Houses.
$250 — Elegantly furnished flat; centrally lo-
cated; 2 rooms pay rent.
$4000—110 rooms; cheap rent; clears $3000.
$1300 — 45 rooms; corner Kearny: bargain.
$600 — 28 rooms; near Market: special bargain.
$2500— 50-room hotel; clears $250 month.
Long list of bargains. KREDO & CO.
LODGING houses— l 6 -rooms. $250: 36 rooms
$500: 28 rooms, $300: 38 rooms, $1500; 100 other
bargains. NAT. AGENCY, 7 Grant aye.
$900—25 ROOMS; always occupied: furniture
good order; compulsory sale; returning to
France. 331H Bush st.
$500— PAYING Mai ket st. house: central: 10
rooms; fine furniture. M. LESS, 765 Market.
ROOMING house of 13 rooms for rent; the fur-
niture for sale. 2 Washington st.
HOWARD, 549— Lodging house, 35 rooms to
let; rent $45.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery! Mc-
IXTOSH & Wi iLPMAX, 195-197 Fremont st.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale St.— For sale, 1
ham] saw. 1 12-inch Pony planer. 1 2^ horse-
power gas engine. 1 hydraulic pump (3 plun-
gers, high pressure), boilers, engines, pumps,
second hand.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures: new and second hand
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st
above Sixth.
CAMERAS— Line of new Premos, Pocos, etc
(drummers' samples), to dispose of at once-
will sell below cost. 513 Examiner building.
FRESH milch cow with calf. Inquire A
KRETH, 1445 Thirteenth aye., South San
Francisco.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S. 618 Mission st.
FOR sale— Fine large upright piano, almost
new, at a sacrifice. 3753 Twenty-fourth st.
DESK room In most prominent office building
on Montgomery st. Box 77, Call office.
FRESH Jersey row for sale; cheap. Apply at
122 Farallon st. Ocean View.
COMPUTING scale, revolving platform; Na^
tional cash register, nickel plated. 71S Turk.
FINE ornamental mirror for sale. 1938 Mis-
sion st.
FINE fast 22-foot gasoline launch; cheap. Ap-
j.ly at Harbor View Park.
BARGAIN— 3 H. P. Golden Gate gas englneT
almost new. See EPSTEIN. 648 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machin.-iy
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Beale st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirror^
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st!
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission St., near 15th.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page: saves power. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second hand THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower. $100; 2 Sl"5~
3. $150; $4. $175. SMITH CO., 527 Mission st!
POLYPHONE, $35: attachment (only), $15- will
fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupi, 933'ilkt.
SAFES — Bargains In new and second-hand- all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, a. F.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first: you will be waited upon Quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69, Ponohoe bldg., 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates without
removal; no commission: no delays, J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store; 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONKLLI, Conservatory bldg., ISO Powell st.
$3000 TO loan on city property: first mortgage.
Apply DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, 1021& Market.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates: circu-
lar mailed to address. Gould, 131 Montgomery.
STRAIGHT tip "go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. 5
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought; short
notice. J. GOLLOBER. 25 Battery st.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg.. chat-
tels. etc. Harper & Kr.-iger.3l2 Examiner big.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
DANGER SlGNa£s
FOR WEAK EYES AND FAILING SIGHT.
ANY SENSATION OF PAIN
IS A WARNING!
Each examination and correction made by
GEO. MAYERLE is duly recorded. GEO.
MAYERLE, German Expert Optician, Charter
Member American Association of Opticians,
1071% Market St.. San Francisco; open evngs.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home: consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment, $5; no Instruments
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy st.,
bet. Hyde and Larkin ; office hours, 10 to 12 J
to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home .the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post st., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mous remedy for irregular and painful periods
of ladles; are never failing and safe; rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the faded; French Tan-
By Wafers are the only reliable female lem-
edy in the world; imported from Paris; take
nothing else from druggists, but Insist on
genuine; in red wrappers with crown trade
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., drug-
gists, 214 Kearny St. H. L. LADD & CO.,
druggists. NW. cor. 4th and Howard, agents.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
B0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St., between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to S p. m; Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or Instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS., 31? Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
i free. Call or write, 1023% Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, 6afe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time: maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills, $1- cure
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; teL Howard 424.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; infants adopted into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay St.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being" used:
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to I
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
St.; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late'
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cai."
PRIVATE home in confinement; best refs.;
1540% Howard. Mrs. M. Wledemann, midwife.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, ms Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 -up.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eaees of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $J
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash: bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW FINE BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS
Cramer, In good order $62 00
Seltz; a bargain , ISO 00
Weber; fine condition 15100
Kingabury: good as new „ 17500
Smith & Barnes; walnut case 190 00
Chickering: in splendid order * ' 240 00
Six dollar monthly payments; all guaranteed
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASERS
16, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer.
JUST arrived— New upright pianos; sold at $s-
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTA2
PIANO CO., 660 Ha-yes st. wll LUKI «
HORNUNG'S Pianos praised by all great ar-
tlsts; his touch regulator the wonder of the.
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
R. A. DANIELS Is now with BYROV
MAUZY. 308 to 312 Post St. BIKON ,
$150— HIGH-GRADE upright piano: almost
new: cost $450. 543 Chenery; San Mateo cars
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms. 1710 Market!
S< 308 S post f? 101 MAUZY - and other planoS
A^ R « G^ S ?? Up J bailments. « 75 u£J
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis!
W tv?; BADGER^IS Sacramento~stTa7elu~fo7
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos
K LER E ft P CHAS : E ne S B O C ' a Farref, W st Stylea - KOH '
S WSS Vlo l in8 ' zlther8 ' old ._nd new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. ? Latham place.
ROOMING BOUSES FOR SALE.
ROOMING house; 34 rooms r~s4oo"caVhTT??rrsBOO
Room house; 22 rooms; fine corner . l->5O
Room house; 30 rooms; new and good. 1600
s™^. y, hOUSe V™ 10 r - ; new - fine : $200 cash 300
Rmng. house; 100 r.; fine cor.; clears $500 6000
Rooming house: 32 r; on Post: clears $200 2500
■m. i. UH.IKER, 1020 Market St.. or 15 Eddy.
BOARriNG HOUSE- TO LET.
LINCOLN Hotel. suit;, Me f,, r saloon~~i v
coffee and lodging house. 434 Fifth st. U " ch *
FOR SALEL
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4? 60 w7th~Sr
7 range. King Furniture Co.. im-U3l Mari^HOUSES TO LET.
MINNA. .-,21. rear, bet «th and 7th-5-room
house; rent $11) '"__ A £]l_l— . 21 Mlsslon ' nr - --Hi,
VERY nice s.room~~hou~se in healthy location;
rent *S. 1571 Kearr.yj<a-_J^or_ O _ rt ' enwlc '"" .
OUR ireim department? joes to your" home: get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
"~F_RXISUEU HOLSES t° lkt -
F_RNlSHKD i hott ? et<»net^Elght large sunny
rooms; modern improvements; large yard -
Apply on premises. 655 Guerrero st ;
FI'RNISHFD house; 6 rooms and bath; sunny
corner: J2S. 1706 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET. g
MlVACVt't eattaka 5 rooms. ( new tenements
$of 4 room' nXf Thirty-fourth ; nd Mission
sts. Apply 64 fIMT st.. off Third
FOLSOm", 2326— Cottage; 7 rooms, bath; largo
yard: rent *2iV .
RUNNY 4- room cottage; small family only;
also flat. 623 Second st.. near Km nan.
FLATS TO LET.
a— $!»• newly painted and whitened 3-room
flats. 64S Je?sie St., near Seventh.
CASTKO, 455. near Seventeenth and Market—
Modern tunny double '-'.at, 10 rooms; stable; ;
cheap.
CLAYTON. 572, south of Frederick— Modern
nunny fiat; 5 rooms; bath; cheap.
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath; modern improve-
ments. 3442 Twentieth st. - . " ■
GEARY. 2257— Handsomely furnished 'at. 6
rooms; bath; piano; sunny; modern; Teason-
able.
NEW modern middle flat; 5 rooms, bath, yard, i
basement. 639 A Minna St., bet. Seventh and ;
Eighth. _
NEW sunny modern upper flat, 6 rooms, bath,
basement, cellar. $25. 1423 Hayes jst.
NINTH. 237— Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath; $15.
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St.
SACRAMENTO, 1361— Flat of 3 rooms; separ-
ate entrance; rent $12 50.
BUNNY fiat of 4 rooms, between Harrison and
Ninth sts., $8. 315 Dore st.. MRS. W.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073, near Castro— Upper
sunny 5 rooms, Jl5.
697 Noe su, corner Nineteenth: upper 5
rooms- $17.
UPPER sunny flat: 526 Valencia: 7 room/, bath;
rent $25. Inquire dry-good* atore.' 9Bo»ValencUw
$27 60— BAY-WINDOW flat of 8 rooms and
bath. 1C27 Clay st.. near Polk.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A SUITE ol 2 iriTT" nice sunny front rooms,
compl>"t>» for housekeeping"; kitchen an bed-
room; furniture all new; $1 75 per week. $7 \
per month; no children. Apply at shoe store.
662 Mission St.. bet. First aird Second sts.
CLEMENTINA; 707 — Sunny housekeeping
rooms cheap.
EDDY M7— Fine sunny housekeeping rooms:
splendid location; large^ga rdenj no children.
ELLIS 53>— 2 nicely furnished sunn: rooms for
housekeeping: gas. bath, running water.
FIFTH. 221— Punny rooms. $1 up: housekeep-
ing; kitchens.
GOLDEN GATE av>v, ' " Bunny front room
with' kitchen connected: newly furnished.
GOLDEN GATE a\— ■.. 311— $10: large sunny
room, lipht housekeeping; bath and gas: refs.
GROVE, 104, cor. Polk— Several neatly furnshd.
hkpg. rms.: renovated: incandescent lights.
HOWARD. 1144 — Furnished or unfur. sunny
rooms, kitchen, gas, bath, hot and cold water.
HOWARD. 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent $12 to $15.
JESSIE, 2^3, cor. Fourth— Furnished double
front room, with privilege light housekeeping.
LARKIN, 328— -2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
mfrt.«, furnished complete: gas range; bath.
LIBERTY, 20—3 housekeeping rooms or single,
furniFlied complete; ninny.
MARKET, U'2S— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed, closet; $12.
MARKET, K>7?. cor. 7th— 3 furnished of unfur-
ni.=hed rooms for light housekeeping; cheap.
MINNA. 371— Sunny furnished basement room;
water: stove; closets; private family.
MINN • E4fi. near. Sixth Furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard. _______
MISSION, IMS-rOne or two sunny housekeep-
ing: also other rooms; newly furnished.
MISSION, 112'.V>. near Seventh— Housekeeping
rooms, single and en suite; good stove: cheap.
NINTH. 113-Two nice sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping; cheap.
PERI 174— Large sunny • keeping rooms;
kitchen: sink: hot and cold wate-: reasonable.
POWELL. 4 is— Unfurnished front and back
room or partly furnished.
SIXTH. 421— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also parlor suite; bath; quiet house.
TURK, 2* — Two sunny furnished housekeeping
roome; cheap.
TURK, near I irkin— 3 sunny housekeeping
rooms, complete, $15: also handsomely fur-
nished parlor suite, with use of kitchen and
'Ilnln? r>om. $25. Inquire 22'<4 Geary, rm. 29.
TURK .W- S rooms and bath, complete for
housekeeping.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3:«!7, near Mission— 2 large
fr^nt f'jrniPhe.l connecting housekeeping
rooms; running water; 51".
VAN NESS nve., 4^s— Sunn: suite; kitchen;
rur.nir.e water; bath; for housekeeping; other
rooms.
VALENCIA. 209—3 rooms and kitchen; mod-
err, conveniences; complete hkpg; also 2 hkpg.'
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
punny rooms; €-n suite or single; first-class
in every r^ppect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts. —
Hnmeiike house: modern service; elevator;
Lath: rooms, 50c to $1 50 lay MRS. J. KING.
A— THE WALDORF. 24 Fifth -New; sunny
cciriit.T; central location; elegant rooms.
AT Stockton, -Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1384) Fur^
nfshjd rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 421. nr. Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary waHhstand; $1 up.
BUBH, 194%— Furnished sunny room In a mod-
ern flat; respectable gentleman.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished Funny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 207— Nice sunny front rooms, with run-
ning water and gas; $2 up; quiet house.
ELLIS. Rosedale House— Rooms rented by
day. week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house in the city. ~
ELLIS. 696 Fine suite, of rooms newly fur-
nished, $20; also 2 rooms and bath, $20.
GEARY, 558, near Taylor— Handsomely fur-
nished Funny parlor; piano, telephone; other
rooms; privilege light housekeeping.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
MlFPion— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
pintle; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 818 Sutter— Opened under
new management Apr 1; elegant Runny suites,
■Ingle rooms; most central part city; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 7-1 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRIET, 3, off Howard, near Sixth— Nice
eunny furnished bedroom: private family.
HOWARD and Eleventh, southwest comer —
Pleasant front room for single gentlemen;
rent reasonable.
HOWARD, Furnlßhed front bay-window
room; also 2 others furn. for light hkpg.
HOWARD, 1129— Front, corner, , double sunny
room; also others: $1 up; clean, quiet.
JESSIE, 1314—3 sunny rooms; yard; will rent
cheap to right party.
KEARNY. 209. Newly furn. sunny rooms
from $1 60 up; also light hkpg rms.; transient.
MARKET, 10O7H — Nicely furnished single
rooms; lady or gent; quiet house; transient.
MISSION, Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; running water and gas.
OAK, Large furnished front rooms for
couple; gas and bath; private family.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
POLK, 1802r-One unfurnished or furnished
sunny front room; upper floor.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room per night, 33c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wax.; baths.
SECOND. Nicely furnished front suite;
suitable for light housekeeping; reasonable.
SEVENTH.' 192— Sunny furnished single rooms
and suites; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER, 115— Nicely furnished sunny front
room; German people. .
TEHAMA, 308, near Fourth— Nicely furnished
Bunny front rooms, suitable for 1 or I; cheap.
THIRD, 25, nr. Market— rooms In San
& uff-L4__l-^---_J*'..
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
$20— FOR 1 mo. only; 2 rooms, suitable for
"ride and groom; $1000 piano. Address A.,
Station- H.
BOAKDLVC JLNJJ ROOMS.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a. week up; elegant parlor suite.
GEARY, C67— Large front room: also single
room, nicely furnished; with board; real
O'FARRELL. 74S— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, $25; double. ?20.
k FAI^ R LLi 742 -Pleasant rooms; excellent
board; $20 up; special rates to table boarders.
POWELL, 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
tunny fryt suiter bath; excellent board.
SOUTH PARK, Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; board opt'l.
SUTTER. 112S— Lovely home; sunny rooms;
overlooking garden; home cooking-.
RESTAIRANTfik
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25cT^0~a~m~to* 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25), nr. O'Farrell.
WES-ERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
crenro parlor. 1035 Market.: popular prices.
— — — — — - _________ _
OHILUKK tut vui)i:ii.
GOOD home and care for children; also yard;
$S per month. S34',£ Valencia st., near 20th.
LADY would like 3 children to board. Address
K. G., 25% Klßßllng st.
GOOD home for children, $8: Infants. $10 per
mo. 110 Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st.
. STORES TO LiJT.
TWO rofvmy stores with 3 living rooms and
water; tl% "VVILLMOTT. 916 Market st.
FIXE store; counter; shelves; 3 living rooms;
yard; rent $10. 1922 Howard St.. near lfith.
OFFICES TO LET.
POWELL. 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates: ul^' furnished apartments.
" W a K 1 •: i . < • I> 1 s T O^L ET.
BRICK warehouses to let; near Santa Fe rail-
road yard; complete for storage or factory;
226 Main et. and 225 Fremont st. ; also ware-
house. Battery st.. between Jackson and Pa-
cific. For rents and particulars apply COF-
FEY. HUGHES & CO.. 11' Montgomery st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
NEW MODERN CORNER FLATS—
BIG BARGAINS.
PRICE $4800.
RENTS $540 PER YEAR.
Flats contain 5 and S .rooms each, with every
known modern convenience contained in a
' new building; street bitumlnized; terms to
suit purchaser. Apply to F. NELSON, corner
Twentieth and Castro sts.
$l*i,OOO— XEW corner residence. 14 rooms and 2
baths: beautifully decorated throughout; hard-
ware rl -:rs; every modern convenience; large
lot; reduced from $20,000 to make an imme-
diate sale. For particulars apply to BOARD-
MAN. HOOPER & CO., 138 Montgomery et.
$23.000— BUSINESS property; rent $150 per
month. Box 301, Call office.
$ICO CASH, $25 mo. $1900-12400; 4-5 rm. cottages;
H block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or USA 11th.
IF you have lots that you wish to sell north
of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
HOUSE and lot with 2 flats; 706 Birch aye.. bet.
Webster and Buchanan; $500 down, balance
same as rent. Apply W. WOLF. 403 Ellis st.
coi'.vtuy ittAL Estate.
HAVING to go to Europe. I will sell my ranch
of IGO acres, rich farm land, well improved, all
fenced, plenty of good water. 5 miles from
Livermore and 1% miles from a good country
school, at a bargain for cash. Address RAS-
MUS MORN. Livermore. Alamoda Co., Cal.
NEW rich land near city; email and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1597-SS address THE
COTATI CO., 302 California St.. S. F.
DAIRY farm on shares; cows, horses and pigs,
chickens, orchard; all utensils; good chance
for a responsible man and wife: no capital
required. Apply in person to R. E. ROW-
LAND, Orinda Park, back of Berkeley.
WE have prune and peach orchards; Santa
Clara County: $123 per acre; income proper-
ties. NAT. REAL ESTATE AG., 7 Grant ay.
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free: crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County, Cal.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
SS and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
ting Works. 363-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S 3 Eighth Ft.: tel. Jessie 944^
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIX'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 12S.
LEGAL. NOTICES. ~
CERTIFICATE of Partnership— C. C., Sees.
2466. 8468.
We hereby certify that we constitute a
partnership, transacting business In the State
of California, under the firm name and style
of W. A. BOOLE & SON; that the principal
place of business of said firm Is In the City
and County of San Francisco, California;
that the names in full of all the members
of such- partnership and their places of resi-
dence are as follows: WILLIAM AUGUSTUS
BOOLE, residing at Ross Valley, Marin
County, Cal. ; WILLIAM AUGUSTUS BOOLE
JR., residing at Rosa Valley, Marin County,
cal. .
' Witness our hands this 10th day of April,
1599. W. A. BOOLE.
W. A. BOOLE JR.
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco— es.
On this 11th day. of April. In the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety-nln*, be-
fore me. H. C. DROGER. a Notary Public
in and for the City and County of San Fran-
cisco,' State of California, personally ap-
peared W. A. BOOLE and W. A. BOOLE JR..
known to me to be the persons whose names
are subscribed to the within instrument, and
acknowledged that they executed the same.
In witness whereof I have hereunto Bet my
hand and affixed my official seal the day and !
year in this certificate first above written. I
[Notarial Seal.] H. C. DROGER,
Notary Public In and for the City and County |
of San Francisco, State of California.
I, WILLIAM A. DEANE. County Clerk of
the City and County of San Francisco, State
of California, ond ex-officio Clerk of the Su-
perior Court, In and for said City and County,
hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true
and correct copy of tha original certificate
of Partnership of W. A. BOOLE & SON,
filed In my office on the 11th day of April,
A. D. ISM.
Attest my hand and the seal of said court
thin 31th day of April. A. D. 1899.
[Clerk's Seal.] WM. A. DEANE, Clerk.
By P. M. McQASHIN. Deputy Clerk.
_______ _ „_
NOTICE.
To All Whom It -May Concern— Notice Is
hereby given that on the 17th day of April,
1899, the Bakersfield and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed Its application in writing,
in the office !of th» Clerk of the Superior
Court of the city and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfield and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April, 1899, culled for the purpose of
passing upon the question, it was resolved to
nave a voluntary dissolution at the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders, and
that, all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrip-
• tion, have been fully paid and discharged.
Wherefore, it was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition
and application that the undersigned, as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication in some newspaper
published In the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days.
Therefore, all persona having any interest In
the mutter of said application or desiring to '
oppose the ' granting of the same are here-
by notified to file in my office, on or before
the 22d day of May, 1599, any and all objec- j
tions which they may have to the granting of 1
said petition.
In testimony whereof, I. have hereunto set my '
hand and the official seal of said court this I
the 17th day of April. 1839.
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANE, W;[
County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Clerk of the
Superior Court.
• By E. M. THOMPSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court.
CITY and County Treasury, San Francisco,
April 14, 1899— 1n compliance with the pro- I
visions of section 6 of order IB9S of the Board \
of Supervisors, approved September 15. 1880. i
also In accordance with an act of the States
Legislature, approved. March 16, 1872, there ;
will be sold at public auction by E. S. Spear '
& Co., at their salerooms, 31 and 33 Butter
St., on MONDAY,- May 15, 1899, at 10 o'clock
a. m.. sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the police force
of San Francisco, as detailed in an Inventory
thereof on fie In the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of ;
Jewelry, wearing ■■ apparel, pistols, knives,-
etc.: also a . lot of trunks, | valises, clothing,
etc., property of. - deceased • persons received
from the Coroner of : this city and county. 1
Open for Inspection on morning of sale. j
_i, jCtfY_ft&<l jCounjy -Trea^urtr. 1
THE SAN FTJANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1899.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND PURMTUItE FOR SALE.
AN" introduction. to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1000— LOT 50x150; with small cottage, on mac-
adamized street; near station and school. .
$1600— Lot S0xl50; with 7-room cottage; near
Station and High School; easy terms.
$2600— 40x2u7; with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $100 cash, balance
$25 per month.
$3200 — Lot 43x135; fine new modern 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one of the
main avenues; near station; S5OO cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser/ at $25 per month. Great snap.
Houses to let in ail parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1423 Park "St.. Alameda.
JUST A FEW LEFT BUT
ROOM FOR MANY MORE.
4, 6, 6, 7-room cottages, near schools and
stations; from $1000 to $3500; easy Installments;
Just like paying rent; make an offer.
Houses built on easy terms; no reason for
not having a home.
MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-et. station. Alameda. and 630 Market
M., San Francisco. Open Sundays and holi-
days.
AJ.AMEDA ROO.US AM) BOAHU,
HOME for ladies in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. V UNKE, 1416 Bth St.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HILLEGASS TRACT.
10 minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet In depth; fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwlght way station.
Cheapest choice property In Alameda County.
JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley Station.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post et.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company: pack-
ing-, advance, etc. 735 Market; tel. Black 311.
riiOi'UiALS.
PROPOSALS
For Subsistence of Prisoners.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF BOARD
of the Supervisors of the City and Coun-
ty of San Francisco, April IS, 1599.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2623
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervis-
ors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON.
April 24. 1839. from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for
furnishing daily and monthly supplies. for
city and county prisoners (the number be-
ing about five hundred) .from July 1, 1899,
to June 30, 1900, at a fixed price per day
(not exceeding in the aggregate twenty-
five cents per day for each person con-
nected with the City and County Prisons)
said subsistence and supplies to be de-
livered at the County Jails. Nos. 1. 2 and
3, and at the City Prison, respectively, as
per following schedules:
The following supplies to be delivered at
the County Jails Nos. 1 and 3 as classi-
fied: Class No. 1. daily supplies; class No.
2, monthly supplies to be delivered as or-
dered. The supplies are on the basis of
each one hundred inmates, the quantity
to be furnished to be on that basis and In
proportion to each fraction thereof, more
or less, according to the number of in-
mates.
COUNTY JAILS NOS. 1 AND 3.
.-! CLASS I— DAILY SUPPLIES.
FRESH BEEF— quality of chucks
and rounds in equal proportion to be
furnished each inmate four days in each
week. Rounds to be cut square and to
be cut off eight inches from the hock
Joint; chucks to have four ribs, breast
and six inches of the neck not to be in-
cluded, eight (8) ounces.
BEST AMERICAN MEAT— In cuts as or-
dered, for each 100 inmates daily, twen-
ty (20) pounds.
MUTTON— First quality, for each inmate
two days in each week, to be furnished
in carcasses. Eight (S) ounces.
BREAD— For each Inmate daily, fresh,
best quality, one (1) pound.
CODFISH Salt, for each inmate one day
in each week, eight (8) ounces.
MILK— for each 100 Inmates daily
three (3) gallons.
POTATOES (best quality)— For each In-
mate daily one (1) pound.
VEGETABLES— each Inmate daily
four (4) ounces.
CLASS 2— MONTHLY SUPPLIES.
(TO#BE DELIVERED AS ORDERED.)
BEANS— White, two hundred and seven-
teen (217) pounds.
BEEF— fifty (50) pounds.
BLANKETS— Gray, weighing not less
than six pounds per pair, eight iS) pair.
BUCKETS— Galvanized iron, with covers.
No. 25, six (6).
CHICKORY— Twenty-five (25) pounds.
COFFEE— Roasted, Guatemala, two hun-
dred (200) pounds.
CORNMEAL— Three hundred and fifty
(350) pounds.
CUPS— Tin, ten (10).
DISHES— Tin, ten (10).
OVERALLS— Men's, blue or brown,
twelve (12).
PEARL BARLEY— Sixty-one (61) pounds.
SPLIT PEAS— Sixty-one (61) pounds.
PORK— Mess, fifty (50) pounds.
SALT— hundred and thirteen (213)
pounds.
SHOES— Men's as per sample, sizes as or-
dered, twelve (12) pair.
SHIRTS— Blue flannel, ten (10).
SHIRTS— CaIico, twenty (20).
-California, one hundred and fifty-
two (152) pounds.
SPOONS— Iron, twelve (12).
SUGAR— Golden C, one hundred and fifty
(150) pounds.
SYRUP— California I.efinery, thirty-three
(33> gallons. /
TICKING — twenty (20) yards. ,
Huckabuck, twenty (20).
WHEAT— Crush, one hundred and nine
(109) pounds,
BACON— Breakfast, fifteen (15) pounds.
BAKING POWDER Pioneer, Golden
Gate, Crown or Trophy, as may be spe-
cified, five (5) pounds.
BATH BRICK (1).
— Washing, in balls, one (1) pound.
BROOMS Corn, best mill, twelve (12).
BRUSHES paint, one (1).
BRUSHES Scrubbing, six (6).
BRUSHES- whitewash two (2).
BUCKETS— Wooden, four (4).
BUTTER— Fresh, fifty (50) pounds.
CALICO— Forty (40) yards.
CATSUP— pints, California, five
(5) bottles.
-California, six (6) pounds.
CHLORIDE OF LlME— Fifty (50) pounds.
CHOW CHOW— California, pints, -three
(3) bottles.
COAL— Wellington (Dunsmuir), 2240
pounds to the ton, well screened and
free from slacic and shale, five (5) tons.
COAL OIL— degree test, thirty (30) gal-
lons.
COMBS— Coarse army, six (G).
CORNSTARCH— Six (C) pounds.
COTTON CLOTH— Chabot A.,
unbleached, one yard wide, twenty-five
(25) yards.
CRACKERS— Soda, fresh California, ten
(10; pounds.
EGGS— Fresh, California, thirty (30) doz-
en.
EXTRACTS — Assorted, 4-oz. bottles
twelve (12) bottles.
FlSH— Fresh, as may be ordered, one
hundred and eight (108) pounds.
FLOUR— Roller, three hundred (300)
pounds. ■
FRUlT— Fresh, as obtainable in season.
seventy-five (75) pounds.
FRUIT— Table, canned, in 2^-lb tins, as-
sorted, twenty-four (24) tins.
GLUE— (5) pounds.
HAM— Sugar cured, twenty (20) pounds.
INSECT POWDER— One (l) pound.
JELLY— Assorted, in 2-lb cans, six (6)
cans.
LARD— California, best leaf, thirty (30)
pounds. , . • . .
LAMP CHIMNEYS— Assorted, three (3).
LAMP WICKS— six (6).
LEAD— White, Pioneer, ground in oil
fifty (50) pounds.
LlME— Santa Cruz, No. 1, two (2) barrels
MACARONI— No. 2, loose, ten (10) pounds
MACKEREL— Mess No. 1, one (1) kit.
MATCHES — California, one-half • (i,4>
gross.
MATTRESSES— (30), weighing 25
pounds, with AAA ticking.
MUSTARD— Ground, two and one-half
(V&) pounds.
Linseed, boiled, two and one-half
' (2%) gallons.
PEPPER— BIack, ground, ten (10) pounds
RAlSlNS— Pressed (best quality), five (s)'
pounds.
RICE— No.' 2. China mixed, one hundred
and twenty-two (122) pounds.
SAGO— Five (5) pounds. \ -.'
SAL SODA— (60) pounds.
SARDINES— boxes, imported
twenty (20) boxes.
WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE— lmported,
Li a and Perrins' (pints), three (3) bot-
tles. ■ ;
SHOES— Women's, as per sample, sizes
as ordered, six (6) pairs.
SOAP— Castile (imported), five (5)
pounds. /
STARCH — Laundry, two and one-half
A2*i) pounds. -■ - =- . ;^^.i^.
PROPOSALS— Continued.
Granulated, ninety (90) pounds.
TAPERS— Wax, six (6) boxes.
TEA— Japan, Diamond (L) or equally as
good, fifteen (15) pounds.
THREAD— In spools, twenty-four (24)
spools. ■ ; -v- >-. r :■■.-;■
TOBACCO— PIum cut, five (5) pounds.
TOMATOES— 2y 2 -lt> cans, six
(6) cans.
TURPENTINE— and one-half (2%)
gallons.
VARNISH— BIack, five (5) gallons.
VERMICELLI— Five (5) pounds. ■ ?, ■■■■'
VINEGAR— 3O degrees ' strength, three
(3) gallons. . •;.- ;•
WOOD— Pine, one-half <X) cord.
COUNTY JAIL NO. 2.
The following supplies, to be delivered
at County Jail No. 2 as classified—
No. I, Daily Supplies; Class No. 2, Month-
ly Supplies— to be delivered as ordered.
The supplies are 'on the" basis of each one
hundred inmates; the quantity to be fur-
nished to be on that basis anu in propor- j
tion, to each fraction thereof, more or 1
less, according to the number of inmates; I
CLASS NO. I— DAILY SUPPLIES.
FRESH BEEF— quality of chucks
and rounds in equal proportions to be
furnished each inmate four days in each
week. Rounds to be cut square and to
be cut off eight inches from the hock
joint. Chucks to have four ribs, breast 1
and six inches of the neck not to be
included. Eight (8) ounces.
BEST AMERICAN BEEF, MUTTON,
VEAL and PORK, in cuts as ordered,
for each 100 inmates daily, twenty (20)
pounds.
MUTTON— First quality, foT each inmate
two days in each week, to be furnished
in carcasses, eight (8) ounces.
BREAD— each inmate .daily, fresh,
best quality, one (1) pound.
CODFISH— SaIt, for each inmate one day
in each week, eight (8) ounces.
POTATOES— Burbank or Garnet |
Chiles, for each inmate daily, one (1) 1
pound.
VEGETABLES— For each inmate daily,
four (4) ounces.
CLASS 2— MONTHLY SUPPLIES.
(TO BE DELIVERED AS ORDERED.)
BEANS — White, seven hundred and sixty
■ (760) pounds.
BEEF— Corned, forty (40) pounds. •
BLANKETS— Gray, weighing not less
than six pounds per pair, eight (8) pair.
BUCKETS— Galvanized Iron, with covers,
No. 25, six (6). . ■" '■
CHICORY— Twenty-five (25) pounds. ' >
COFFEE— Roasted, Guatemala, two hun-
dred (200) pounds.
CORNMEAL— Two hundred and seventy-
four (274) pounds.
CUPS— twelve (12).
DISHES— Tin, twelve (12>.
MODE DUCK— 10, twenty (20) yards.
OVERALLS— Men's, blue or brown, 9-oz.
Amoskeag blue denim and No. 12 mode
duck, twenty. (2o) pairs.
OATMEAL— one hundred and ten (110)
pounds.
ONIONS— One hundred (100) pounds.
PRISON FLANNEL— overshirts,
thirty (30) yards.
PRISON CLOTH— pants, thirty (30)
yards.
PEARL BARLEY— Seventy (70) pounds.
SPLIT PEAS— Seventy (70) pounds.
PORK— sixty (60) pounds.
RICE— No. 2 China, mixed, one hundred
and twenty-two (122) pounds.
SHIRTS— BIue flannel, eighteen (18).
SALT— hundred and thirteen (213)
pounds.
SHOES— Men's as per sample, sizes as
ordered, twenty-eight (28) pairs, at $18
per dozen.
California, one hundred and sixty-
five (165) pounds.
SPOONS— Iron, twelve (12).
SUGAR— Golden C, two hundred and thir-
teen (213) pounds.
SYRUP— California Refinery, sixty-five
(65) gallons.
TICKING— sixty (60) yards.
TOWELS-Huckabuck, thirty (30).
WHEAT— two hundred and seven-
teen (217) pounds.
AXLE GREASE— Two (2) pounds.
BACON— Breakfast (best quality), twenty
(20) pounds.
BAKING POWDER— (5) pounds.
bath brick-two (2).
BLUE— Washing, in balls, two (2) pounds.
BROOMS— Corn, best mill. No. 12, twenty-
four (24).
BROOMS— Rattan, two (2).
BRUSHES two (2).
BRUSHES Adams', paint, two (2).
BRUSHES— Scrubbing, six (6).
: BRUSHES— whitewash, six (6).
BUCKETS four (4.) .
; BUCKLES— Pants, metal, one (1) dozen.
i BUTTER-Fresh California, fifty (50)
pounds. - . ■-
BUTTONS— Pants, metal, five (5) dozen.
BUTTONS— metal, five (5) dozen.
CANDLES— Adamantine, five (5) pounds.
CATSUP— Tomato, California, pints, six
(6) bottles.
CHAMOIS SKIN— Two (2).
CHARCOAL— Twenty-five (25) pounds.
CHEESE— California, fifteen (15) pounds.
CHLORIDE OF LlME— Five (5) pounds.
CHOW CHOW— California, pints, six (6)
bottles.
COAL — Cumberland, one hundred and
fifty (160) pounds.
COAL— Wellington (Dunsmuir). 2240
pounds- to the ton, well screened and !
free from slack and shale, five (5) tons. j
COAL OlL— Golden Star, Pearl. Star
Light, 150 degree test, one hundred (100)
gallons.
CORNSTARCH— Six (6) pounds.
CRACKERS— Soda, fresh California, ten
(10) pounds.
CURRY COMB— One (1).
EGGS— Fresh, California, twenty-five (25)
dozen best.
EXTRACTS— XXX, 4-oz. bot-
tles, six (6) bottles.
FEATHER DUSTER-One (1).
FISH— eighty-seven (87) pounds.
FLOUR— Roller, three hundred (300)
• pounds.
FRUIT— in season, one hundred
(100) pounds.
FRUlT— Canned, table, in 24rtt> tins, as-
sorted, thirty (30) cans, best.
GLUE— (2) pounds.
HAM— Sugar cured, California, twenty
(20) pounds.
HOSE— Garden (best grade), one inch,
three ply, fifteen (In) feet.
INSECT POWDER One (1) pound.
J r — Assorted, 2-tb cans, nine (9) cans,
best.
LARD— California, twenty-five (25) |
pounds.
LAMP CHIMNEYS — Assorted, two (2)
dozen.
LAMP WlCKS— Assorted, two (2) dozen.
LEAD— Pioneer, ground in oil,
seventy-five (7. >> pounds.
LlME— Three (3) barrels.
MACARONI— No. 2, five (5) pounds.
MACKEREL— Mess, one (1) kit. No. 1.
MATCHES — California, one-half (%)
gross.
MUSTARD— ground, two (2)
pounds.
OlL— Linseed, boiled, five (5) gallons.
PEPPER Black, ground, five (5) pounds.
PlCKLES— California, five. (5) gallons.
RAlSlNS— Pressed (best), five (5) pounds.
SAGO— Ten (10) pounds.
SAL SODA— Seventy-five (75) pounds.
SARDINES— Imported half boxes, twen-
ty-four (24) boxes. i
WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE— lmported,
pints, two (2) bottles, Lea & Perrins.
SOAP— White Castile (imported), ten (10)
pounds. ~; ■;■:..
SPONGES— Two (2).
STARCH— Laundry, ten (10) pounds.
SU.GAR— Granulated, one hundred (100)
pounds. ,*>;, ■v~.u-' r \. .-„; .
SULPHUR— (5) pounds.
WAX TAPERS— Three (3) boxes. v
Japan, Diamond (L), or equally as
good, fifteen (15) pounds.
THREAD— spools, forty-eight (48)
spools. .
TOBACCO — smoking, twenty (20)
pounds.
TOMATOES— 2%-lb cans,
twelve (12) cans. • "* . :
TURPENTINE— Five (5) gallons. !
TWlNE— Cotton, three (3) pounds.
TWINE— Hemp, three (3) pounds.
VARNISH— BIack, fifteen (15) gallons.
VERMICELLI— Four (4) pounds.
VINEGAR— 3O degrees strength, two (2)
gallons.
WAX— Laundry, eight (8) ounces.
WOOD— Pine, three-fourths (%) cord.
CITY PRISON.
The following supplies to be delivered at
the City Prison as classified— Class No. 1,
Daily Supplies; Class No. 2. Monthly
Supplies, to 1 be delivered as ordered. The
supplies are on the basis of each one hun-
dred inmates, the quantity furnished to
be on that basis, and In proportion to each
fraction thereof, more or less, according
to the number of inmates: -*^-
CLASS NO. I— DAILY SUPPLIES.
FRESH BEEF— First quality of chucks j
and rounds In equal proportions to be j
furnished each inmate six days in each
week. Rounds to be cut square and to
be cut off eight Inches from the hock
joint, chucks to have four ribs, breast
and six inches of the neck not to be in-
cluded, eight (8) ounces. '
BREAD— For each inmate daily, fresh,
best quality, one (1) pound.
CODFISH— SaIt, for each Inmate one day
in each week, eight (8) ounces.
MlLK— Fresh, for each 100 inmates daily,
one (1) quart. ' . - :
POTATOES— For each inmate daily, one
(1) pound. t
VEGETABLES— For each inmate daily,
- four (4) ounces, j
CLASS 2— MONTHLY : SUPPLIES." ;
(TO BE DELIVERED AS ORDERED.)
BEANS— White, one hundred (100) pounds
BLANKETS— weighing not \ less
than six pounds per pair, six (6) pair.
BVCKETflT^vfttaaed irou. tlir«a C 3)»
PROPOSALS— Continued.
CHICORY — California, twenty (20)
pounds.
COFFEE— Roasted, Guatemala, one hun-
dred and twenty-five > 12".) pounds.
CORNMEAL— One hundred and fifty (150)
pounds.
CUPS— Tin, twenty-four (24).
DISHES— Tin, twelve U2).
FLOUR— One (1) sack.
OVERALLS— Men's, blue or brown, 10
ounces, three (3) pair.
PORK— Mess, thirty CM) pounds.
RICE— No. 2 mixed, rifty (50) pounds.
SALT— One hundred (100) pounds.
SHOES— Men's, four »4) pair.
SHIRTS— WooIen, blue, six (6).
SOAP— Seventy-five (75) pounds.
SPOONS— Iron, twelve (12).
SUGAR— Golden C, one hundred and
twenty-five (125) pounds.
SYRUP— California Refinery, ten (10)
gallons. s
TOWELS— Huckaback, twelve (12).
BROOMS— Corn, best mill, No. 12, twenty-
four (24L
BRUSHES-Hair sweeping, one (1).
BRUSHES— Scrubbing, three (3).
BRUSHES— Whitewash, one (1).
BRUSHES— Paint, one (1).
BRooMS— Rattan, two (2).
CANDLES— Adamantine, two (2) pounds.
CHLORIDE OF LIME— Two hundred
(200) pounds.
CHAMOIS SKIN-One (1).
DUST PANS— Tin. two (2).
FEATHER DUSTERS— Two (2).
LEAD— White, Phoenix, fifty (50) pounds.
LIME— One (1) barrel.
Mattresses— Five (5).
MOP HANDLES— Three (3).
MOPS— Three (3).
MATCHES — California, one-half (»£)
gross.
OH,— Linseed, boiled, one (1) gallon.
PEPPER — Black, ground, five (5)
pounds.
QUILTS— Six (6).
SAL SODA— Twenty-five (25) pounds.
SULPHUR— Twenty-five (25) pounds.
SOAP— White Castile, California, ten (10)
pounds.
SP< INGES— Four (4).
SAWDUST— Four (4) sacks.
SAND— White, two (2) sacks.
TEA— Japan, equal to Diamond (L), ten
(10) pounds,
TURPENTINE— Three (3) gallons.
VARNISH— BIack, one (1) gallon.
VINEGAR— 30 degrees strength, one (1)
gallon.
Samples of a major portion of the above
articles are on file and open for Inspection
in the Mayor's office. City Hall. All of
the other supplies not on file, the charac-
ter of which is not specified, must be of
the best quality.
NOTICE.— Bidders will estimate and bid
a price for each inmate per day (not to
exceed twenty-five cents in the aggre-
gate)— the word "inmate" as used in-
cludes all employes of and in the Insti-
tution named, as well as all prisoners—
with the distinct understanding that such
price will bind the bidder to furnish all
the articles and supplies specified in the
fon going schedule, of the kind and qual- i
ity as shown by said samples, and deliver
time same at all places in the city and
county wherein prisoners are confined, as
required, without extra charge from the
price bid, and that in no event will the
city and county be liable' for any rations
furnished in excess of the total number of
inmates. Also, that the quality of the ar-'
tides and supplies called for, when not
designated to be of the best quality, and
all supplies furnished the County Jails,
Nos. 1, 2 and 3, or City Prison, to be sub-
ject to the approval of the Sheriff or
Chief of Police, respectively, whose de-
cision shall be final and conclusive as to
the reception or rejection of any or all
of the supplies offered; and said Sheriff or
Chief of Police, by and with the consent
of the Chairman of the Committee on
Health and Police, shall have the power
to purchase any or all of the supplies or
articles required at the market rate, if
not furnished of the kind and quality as
shown by samples, at the expense of the
party to whom the contract may bo
awarded, if the said party fails to fur-
nish the quantity or quality of the sup-
plies or articles designated which under
the contract he may be required to fur-
l.ish.
Also, bidders will estimate under the ex-
press understanding and agreement that
under no consideration will the Board
r< cognize or allow any assignment of any
contract, or allow the supplies included
in any contract to be furnished from or
by any other person than the person to
whom the contract is awarded, either un-
der an assignment or other Instrument,
unless the consent of the Board of Super-
visors is tirst obtained, through a Resolu-
tion, duly passed by said Board and ap-
proved by the Mayor, consenting and
agreeing to the same.
Further. If the number of Inmates shall
be less during the continuance of said
contract than the number herein esti-
mated, the price bid and the actual num-
ber of inmates shall be the only basis on
which demands shall be presented, allow-
ed or paid, the value of all supplies not
furnished to be deducted at the market
rates from any amount due the contrac-
tor at such time as the Committee on
Health and Police may determine. •
All the articles of food must he of
sound and wholesome quality, and sub-
ject to the Inspection and approval of the
Mayor, Board of Health, Physician of
the City and County Jail and the Com-
mittee on Health and Police of the Board
Of Supervisors, and all of said supplies
to be inspected and weighed at such
times and places as may be required by
the Committee on Health and Police.
The party to whom the contract Is
awarded will be required TO IMMEDI-
ATELY FURNISH THREE SAMPLES
OF EACH OF THE NON-PERISHA3LE
FOOD SUPPLIES CALLED FOR AND
ENUMERATED IN THIS SCHEDULE
AND DELIVER THE SAME TO THE
CLERK OF THE BOARD OF SUPER-
VISORS. All food supplies shall be sub-
mitted for inspection by the person, firm
or corporation so furnishing the same at
one or the public food stations estab-
lished by the Board of Health of this
city next to the Municipal Institution to
be furnished with such food supplies and
the character and quantity and quality
of such food supplies shall be then and
there first inspected and said Board of
Health shall make report of such inspec-
tion forthwith to the Board of Super-
visors.
The -party to whom this contract Is
awarded will be required, prior to or at
the time of the execution of said con-
tract, to pay the cost of advertising this
notice In three daily newspapers, and to
also pay the cost of the publication in
the official newspaper of the Resolution
awarding him the contract.
In order to preserve uniformity and to
facilitate the award, the Board of Su-
pervisors has resolved to receive no bids
unless made upon blank forms prepared
by the committee, and a certified check
on some bank in the City and County of
San Francisco for the sum of two thou-
sand ($2000.00) dollars. In favor of and
made payable to the Clerk of the Board
of Supervisors, must be deposited by the
bidder with his h(d, conditioned. If the
proposal is acoepted, and the contract
awarded, and if the bidder shall fail or
neglect to execute the contract, pay the
printing charges and give the bond re-
quired within six days after the award
is made, then and In that case the said
sum shall be paid into the City and Coun-
ty Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated
damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids If the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS
To Furnish Forage, Etc., for Public In-
etitutions.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board- of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 18, 1899.
In accordance with resolution No. 2832
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Super-
visors. SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived in open session of the Board of
Supervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
April 24, 1899. from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for
furnishing forage for horses of the Fire
Department; also for the City and County
Hospital, Almshouse, County Jails Nos.
1, 2 and 3, Police Patrol, and all other
public institutions, from July 1, 1599, to
June 30, 1900. the estimated yearly sup-
plies required being as follows:
HAY— IOO tons, wheaten and oaten
mixed, first quality.
HAY— IOOO tons, wheat, first quality
HAY— 3SO tons, oat, first quality.
HAY— IOO tons, alfalfa, first quality.
HAY, TULE— 3SO bales, first quality.
All hay to be clear of rust and mildew
and to be delivered in rope-bound bales
STRAW, CHEVALIER BARLEY-7500
bales.
OATS— 7SO,OOO pounds, well assorted, first
quality.
(All oats must be of the best quality of
white oats, heavy, sound, dry, well-filled
and free from dirt, chaff and other im-
purities, and must weigh not less than
41V> pounds to the bushel.)
BRAN— ISO,OOO pounds, clean and sweet,
first quality.
MIDDLINGS— 7O,OOO pounds, first quality
GROUND BARLEY— BO,OOO pounds, first
quality.
CARROTS— BO,OOO pounds, first quality.
The above-described supplies for the
Fire Department are to be delivered at
the different Engine and Hook and Lad-
der Companies' houses, as required, and
for the Police Patrol at the different
houses, as designated, from time to time;
further, .the supplies for the other public
Institutions named are to be delivered at
the place of business of the person or
persons to whom the contract may be
awarded, iv nioie or less quantities "than
PROPOSALS—
designated, without extra charge from
the price bid, and at such times and In
such quantities as required, upon requi-
sitions (approved respectively by the
Chairmen of the several ' Committees on
Fire Department and Hospital and Health
and Police) of the Chief Engineer of the
Fire Department, the Steward of the City
and County Hospital, the Superintendent
of the Almshouse, the Sheriff and the
Chief of Police.
NOTlCE.— Bidders will estimate for
any or all of the forage supplies enum-
erated, with the distinct understanding
that the term more or less is not limited
to the amount designated, but is for such
an amount as may be required during the
year, and that the Board reserves the
right, as it is its intention, to award the
same separately to the lowest bidder, and
that in every instance no bid,, except
from a merchant who is a dealer in the
supplies and who carries a stock of and
sells said supplies as enumerated as a
part of his regular and usual business,
will be received. Also, bidders -will esti-
mate under the express understanding
and agreement that under no considera-
tion will the Board recognize or allow
any assignment of any contract, or allow
the supplies included in any contract, to
be furnished from or by any other per-
son than the person to whom the contract
is awarded, either under an assignment
or other instrument, unless the consent
of the Board is first obtained through a
Resolution duly passed by said Board
and approved by the Mayor, consenting
and agreeing to the same. Also, that the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
the Superintendent Physician of the City
and County Hospital, the Superintendent
of the Almshouse and the Sheriff, by and
with the consent of either of the respec-
tive Committees on Fire Department,
Hospital or Health and Police, shall have
power to purchase any or all of the sup-
plies required at the market rates, at
the expense of the party to whom any
contract may be awarded to furnish the
same, if upon the requisition of the offi-
cers named the party fails to furnish
the quantity or quality of the supplies
designated, which, under contract, he
may be required to furnish.
All supplies furnished the several de-
partments to be subject respectively to
the approval of the Chief Engineer of the
Fire Department, Steward of the City
and County Hospital, the Superintendent
of the Almshouse, the Sheriff and the
Chief of Police, whose decision shall be
final and conclusive as to the reception
or rejection of any or all the supplies
offered, and in all cases supplies must be
inspected and weighed at such times and
places as may be designated by the re-
spective Committees. The party taking
a contract will be required to give a
bond, with two sureties thereon, in an
amount satisfactory to and fixed by the
Committees on Fire Department, Hospi-
tal and Health and Police, for its faithful
performance. Proposals to be Indorsed
"Forage for Public Institutions."
The party or parties to whom each one
of the contracts may be awarded will be
required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of said contracts, to pay the
cost of advertising this notice in three
daily newspapers, and each successful
bidder to also pay the cost of the pub-
lication in the official newspaper of the
Resolution awarding him his contract.
Each article awarded to be charged with
one-eleventh portion of the entire cost.
In order to preserve uniformity and to
facilitate the award, the Board has re-
solved to receive no bids unless made
upon blank forms prepared by the Com-
mittee, and a certified check on some
bank in the City and County of San
Francisco, for the sum of five hundred
($500) dollars, In favor of and made paya-
ble to the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors, must be deposited by the bidder,
with his bid, conditioned if the proposal
is accepted and the contract awarded;
and if the bidder shall fail or neglect to
pay the printing charges, execute the
contract and give the bond required with-
in six days after the award is made, then,
and in that case, the said sum shall be
paid into the City and County Treasury
by said Clerk, as liquidated damages for
such failure and neglect.
Btanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
PROPOSALS for drayage— General depot of
the Quartermaster's Department, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., April 19, 1899. — Sealed proposals,
for the hauling of military stores and sup-
plies in and about the city of San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. for the fiscal year commencing
July 1. 1899. will he received at this office
until 11 o'clock a. m. on Saturday, the 20th
day of May, 1899, and then opened. The
Government reserves the right to reject any
or all proposals. All necessary Information
will be furnished on application to this of-
fice. OSCAR F. LONG, Assistant Quarter-
master, U. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for mineral oil— New Montgom-
ery St.. San Francisco. Cal., April 18. 1899.
Sealed proposals In triplicate will be received
here until 11 o'clock a. m. (Pacific standard
time), May 20. 1899, for furnishing and storing
here 100,000 gallons Mineral Oil. 135 degrees
flash test, in cases of two five-gallon cans
each. The United States reserves the right
to reject or accept any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information furnished on appli-
cation. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked "Proposals for Mineral
Oil." and addressed OSCAR F. LONG. Assist-
ant Quartermaster United States Army. Depot
Quartermaster. : ■ Vv-
MARRIAGE LICENSES'
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Ignaz Kelner and Alice K. Littleton 41-22
F. S. Marshall and Eldweilder V. Mussleo.3l-23
Emanuel S. Heller and Clara Hellman 34-21
H. W. McEwen and Elizabeth G. Dlckson. 4s-50
Charles F. Adams and Carrie A. Walsh 28-30
Robert McShane and Margaret Judge 34-26
A. Hellebrand and Maria H. Schroeder 43-47
George Floore and Emma Mundelius 24-20
F. J. Blaess and Matilda Wemmer 23-22
John Finnegan and Mary Adams 28-26
Alfred J. Johnson and Augusta Johnson 26-26
G. Mazzaferro and Angela Costentlna 36-22
BIRTHS— MARRIABES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must he handed
In at either of the publication offices and he
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BIRD— this city. April 18, 1899, to the wife
of H. Bird, a son.
MARRIED.
BACCUSt-STEVENS— In this city. April 19,
1899, by the Rev. Father Hannlgan, Charles-
J. Baccus and Maude M. Stevens, both of
San Francisco.
GRAVES— GIBHONS— In Alamedß. April 19,
1899, at Christ Church, by the Rev. Mr. Lacy,
Francis B. Graves and Alice Gibbons.
TOMUKINS-rWRIGLEY— In this city. April 19.
1899, by the Rev. M. W. Williams. Milton J.
Tompkins and Helen M. Wrlgley, both of San
Francisco. i
~~ DIED.
Archer, William R. Goldbaum, Louis
Adamson. Mrs. M. Hinckley, Ezra
Arthur, John W. Hirt, Bonifaclus
Bernard, Dr. H. A. Jacquenot, George
Bethell, Margaret Jewett. Lyman
Bengtson, Josephine Kelly, Michael
Black, Nettie M. Kilkenny, Francis
Breslin, Dennis ■ Lafee. Jacob
Cairns, James F. Lambert, Rachel H.
Canavan, Peter J. McCurdy, Andrew C
Cataluci. Pietro '"' McGorry. John J. '
Chipman, Ellen M. . Mischler, Anna J.
Cronin, Josephine Murphy, Sylvester
Desmond. J. J. Painter. Miss Olive
Dimond. Cornelia S. Sherman, Daniel
Ducotey, Elizabeth Short. Roseanna
Farr. Annie M. ■ Thomson, John S.
Fisher, Martha J. Williams, Mrs. C.
ARCHER— In this city, April 19, 1599, at the
residence of the parents, 919 Folsom street
William Raymond, son of Charles H. and
Marcella Archer, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 months and 21 days.
(reinterment private. -
ADAMSON— this city, April 19, 1899, Mrs.
Margaret, widow of Captain Adamson. and
beloved mother of Mrs. John Dickie and Mrs
J. Wright of San Francisco, Mrs. Robert
Cleghorn and James Adamson of Vallejo.
Cal., and Robert Adamson of Tayport, Scot-
land, a native of Scotland, aged 79 years and
11 months.
IPTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2619 Octavia street.- Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
ARTHUR— In the City and County Hospital
April 20. 1899, John William Arthur, a na-
tive of Kentucky, aged 34 years.
BERNARD— In this city. April 18, 1839 Dr.
Herbert A., only son of F. and Frances C.
Bernard, a native of San Francisco, in his
23th year.
■ [CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 1 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of his oarents. 1515 Hyde street. In-
terment strictly private.
BETHELL— In this city. April 19, 1899, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Thomas W. Bethell.
mother of James M. and Daisy Bethell,
daughter of Mrs. Sarah J. Jamison, and sis-
ter of Mrs. James Marshall of Santa Rosa, a
native of County Armagh, Ireland, aged 49
■ years 4 months and 17 days.
inyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, GO3 Fell street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
BENGTSON— In this city, April 18. 1899, Jose-
phine A., beloved wife of Sven Bengtson, and
mother of Selma Bengtson. a native of Swe-
den, aged 27 years 1 month and 10 days.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theo. Dlerks, 967 Mission ' street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
.BLACK-In thjs city; Apr^ao, 1899, Nettle May.
beloved daughter of Annie F. and the late
William Black, and sister of Thomas J.. Wil-
liam L. and- George W. Black, a native of San
Jose, aged 23 years.
BRESLIN— In this city, April 19, 1599, Dennis,
beloved husband of the late Rose Breslin, a
native of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 70
years.
Et^Friends and acquaintances are respeot-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street,
between Third and Fourth. Interment Mount
Calvary" Cemetery.
CAIRNS— In this city, April 20, 1899. James F.,
beloved husband of Clara M. Cairns, a na-
tive of Baltimore, Mel., aged 34 years.
CANAVAN— In this city. April 20, 1599, at his
residence. 71S Tehama street, Peter J. Cana-
van, a native of County Galway, Ireland,
aged 33 years 2 months and 18 days.
"Notice of funeral hereafter.
CATALUCI— the City and County Hospital,
April 2Q, 1899. Pietro Cataluci, a native of
Italy, aked 60 years.
CHIPMAN— In San Leandro, April 20, 1899.
Ellen M., beloved wife of J. H. Chipman, a
native of Charleston. Mass., aged 60 years
and 8 months. (Sandwich and Wallpool,
Mass., papers please copy. ) ,■-:•--
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Interment San Leandro Cemetery.
CRONIN— In this city, April 20. 1899, Josephine
Cronin (nee Pentony), beloved wife of Daniel
Cronin, and mother of Margaret. Daniel. Ju-
lius and the late Johnny Cronin. ! a native of
Itathfarnham, Dublin, Ireland, aged 39 years.
lT?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1603 Grove street, between Lyon street
and Central avenue. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DESMOND— In this city. April 19, 1599, J. J.,
beloved husband of. M. E. Desmond, and
father of Henry, Willlajn and Paul Des-
mond, a native of Ireland, aged 71 years.
dv* The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
his sister, Mrs. Frank Lawler, 314 Oak street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DIMOND— this city. April 19. 1899, Cornelia
Sargent, beloved mother of Henry P. Di-
mond, a native of Philadelphia, aged 77 years
and 6 months.
- (TT'Funeral services will be held this day
'(Friday), at 1 o'clock, at the residence of her
son, Henry P. Dimond, 411 Clayton street.
Cremation at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
DUOOTEY— In this city, April 20, 1599. Eliza-
beth Ducotey, dearly beloved mother of
Frank and Emlle Ducotey and Mrs. Helser,
and sister of Jacob and Philip Kransgrill,
Mrs. G. Bacigalupi and Mrs. Radloff. a na-
tive of Shields. England, aged 55 years 7
months and 10 days.
It^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1706 Stockton street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
FARR— In this city, April 19, 1899, Annie M.,
beloved wife of Clarence C. Farr, daughter
of Mathew Miller, mother of Lottie C. and
Clarence C. Farr Jr.. and sister of Mrs. J. S.
French, Mrs. Nellie Baker, Mrs. Carrie Fisher
and William, Charles and Alfred Miller, a na-
tive of England, aged 4", years and 13 days.
(British Columbia and .Maine papers please
copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 909% Dolores street, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery-
FISHER— In this city, April 20, 1899. Martha
J.. beloved wife of W. W. Fisher, and mother
of O. W. Fisher, a native of Philadelphia,
aged 56 years 10 months and 20 days.
GOLDBAUM— this city, April 20, 1899, at the
Pacific Hebrew Home, Louis Goldbaum, a
native of Prussia, aged 66 years.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street.
HINCKLEY— In this city, April 20. 1599. Ezra,
beloved husband of Almira C. Hinckley, a
native of New York, aged 72 years 9 months
and 26 days. A member of Apollo Lodge No.
12.V I. O. O. F.
HIRT— In the City and County Hospital. April
19, 1599. Bonifacius Hirt, a native of Germany,
aged 63 years.
JACQUENOT— In this city. April 20. 1599,
George, beloved husband of Lizzie Jacquenot,
son of Xavier and the late Louise Jacquenot,
' brother of Mrs. L. Helno and Mrs. C. Teal
of East Oakland, and father of James, Claire,
George and Madeline Jacquenot, aged 32
years.
JEWETT— In the City and County Hospital,
April 20. 1899, Lyman Jewett, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 45 years.
KELLY— At his home, 72f. Turk street. April
20, 1599, Michael, beloved husband of Mar-
garet Kelly, a native of Ireland, in the 72d
year of his age.
E~?'FTlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the requiem high mass
at St. Mary's Cathedral to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 9 a. m. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
KILKENNY— In this city, April 10. 1899, Fran-
cis, dearly beloved husband of Susan Kil-
kenny, father of James. William. Susan and
Francis Kilkenny, brother of Patrick Kil-
kenny, Mrs. McAvoy and Mrs. Doran, and
brother-in-law of Mrs. Patrick Reilly, a na-
tive of the parish of Aughavass. County Lei-
trim, Ireland, aged 36 years and 6 months.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission street.
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LAFEE- in this city, April 20. 1899, Jacob, be-
i lovfd husband of Sarah La fee, and father of
Marcus, Lottie and Regina Lafee. a native of
lanovitz, Germany, aged 85 years.
LAMBERT— In this city. April 19, 1899, Rachel
#.., wife of the late John S. Lambert, and
mother of Mrs. R. H. Plummer. Oilman Lam-
bert and Mrs. R. L. Rlgdon, a native of^
Trumbull, Conn., aged 74 years 4 months and
6 days.
[CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1615 Broderick street. Interment pri-
vate.
McCURDY— In Alameda. April 19. 1899, Andrew
<".. beloved husband of Sarah McCurdy, and
father of Mrs. Julia Agnes Sprague and
Harry S., Alice Mac and Carlton A. Mc-
Curdy, a native of Maine, aged 56 years and
19 days. (Seattle, Wash., and Old Town,
Me., papers please copy.)
ITJ'FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence, 823
Oak street, Alameda, Cremation private.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San Francisco.
McGORRY— In this city. April 20, 1599, John
Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Emma
McGorry. beloved son of Catherine and the
late Michael McGorry, and brother Of ,Mrs.
C. J. Douglas. Mrs. E. J. Gillick. Mrs. J. J.
Bowling and Tessie and J. E. McGorry, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 44 years and 5 months.
(TFNotic.e of funeral hereafter.
MISCHLER— In this city. April 20. 1899, Anna
J. Mischler, beloved mother of Ttllie and the
late Annie Mischler and Mrs. F. Junker, a
native of Hesaen-Darmstadt, Germany, aged
67 years 7 months and 14 days.
(CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1051 McAllister street, thence to St.
Boniface's Church. Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Jones and Leavenworth streets, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriage.
MURPHY— In this city, April 19. 1899, Sylves-
ter, beloved son of Catherine and the late
Stephen Murphy, a native of New York City,
N. V.. aged 29 years.
(T7"The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 615 Willow avenue, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
PAINTER— In Alameda, April 19. 1599. Miss
Olive Mackay Painter.
SHERMAN— In the City and County Hospital.
April 20. 1899, Daniel Sherman, a native of
California, aged 28 years.
SHORT— In this city, April 20. IBM, Roseanna.
widow of Henry C. Short, beloved mother of
Frederick C, Theodore C. and Hermann
Short. Mrs. C. M. Deane and Etta F. Short,
and sister of Mrs. F. M. Gatehouse, a native
of Ireland, aged 67 years.
EyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
THOMSON— this city, April 20, 1880, John
S beloved husband of Margaret Thomson,
and father of Edward, May. Lizzie and Cora
Thomson, a native of Glasgow, Scotland,
aged 51 years and 11 months. •
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2031 Polk street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— In this city, April 20. 1599. Mrs.
Cordelia Williams, beloved mother of Mrs. F.
Steele and the late Mme. Merasole. and
grandmother of Charles W. Sprague and
Coleni Gonzales. a native of New York, aged
85 years 5 months and 17 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Members of Seven Pines Circle No. 3. Ladies
of the G. A. R.. are invited to attend. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
YOUNG LADIES INSTITUTE NO. 2— A mass
will be offered for our late sister. Mrs. Lillian
Bryant, at 7 o'clock to-morrow (Saturday), at
St. Charles Church, Eighteenth and Shotwell
streets. All members and friends of the order
are Invited to attend.
MRS. T. WELSHONS, President.
MARY DONOVAN. Secretary.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
ImcMVOY &co,, D
FUNEKAL DIIiECTuRS «t F..MI;,vL.MEB* I
IBS Market st, between Bth and >tk» §
Telephone. South 247. |
■——"'■■■' I ■ !!■■— «— B— ■
1112
GAMBLING UNDER THE
EYES OF THE POLICE
A Gross Violation of the Local Law
Against Bookmaking,
Sharpers Ply a Dangerous Trade on the Streets of the
City — Growing Evil of "Hand Books" on the
Races in the Business Districts.
of the Incleslde mo
th? gamblers, whom Ed Oor
this city, have been
■ • r & ime means by
whi< h i evade the law
■ y li ; >. » n the city. The
■ the track and the abolition
me that thrived at
Intr! men' out of an oc
me <>n Market
ifternoon illustrated
are driving to recover
•■ that destroyed
fflc Two men s<'P
■ rom the crowd that
■ et in the afternoon.
: way. 'me
slip, whispered a
a <-"in which
to him. A bet had
I races at
Since the closinp of rngleside race
course "hand books" have been made
in this city without the slightest in
terruption from the police. Gamblers
pro from place to place, from saloon to
saloon and business house to business
house and enjoy the profits of a trade
that flourished with evil success at In- *
ple-side. Clerks and youns business
men are still the victims of the era me j
that the authorities of San Francisco. I
Gambling on the City's Main Thoroughfare.
>n, legislated against.
And with customary assur
e Ignorant of the
i is maintained under their
Wl | these makers
of "1 n to operate on
a br Victims of the race
uld no longer wager their
In rnanv parts of
the city were men who wished to gnm
ble but could not. The obstacles that
laced th< • :v rjuickly removed.
A f( rising gamblers doter
inin.-d to make "hand books." to go
from , as dealers of lot
tery : cept bets from
the men that were willing to gamble
This traffic bas Increased with remark
rks that could not
■ ' "1 did not dare to
1 ■'■ Bi v '■' - imble with
i b inks."
The gamblers h;,\ . district in
which to • .. will not en
croach upon the ground of the other,
and all succeed In covering the city
iughly. Some ply their trade In
the business district and bave for vic
tims the young clerks who cannot re
: iiti<rn of the racecourse,
era work among the retail stores,
iln haunt th< saloons and
: thoroughfares of the city.
biers make their own
book lay their own odds and
ii h almost con m j n _
ill" bookmakers <>f the
In the business district the
make several visits a day. in
morning they go to their pa
. -how betting cards and offer
da they please on the n
The beta are made, and after each race
rs of the "hand books" return
gers. This practice is
day to day, and In each
which the Ramblers have
rly divided the town hundreds of
■ each day.
race-horse gambling
mged to Oakland the
makers o£ "hand books" have estab
phonic communication with
tea a.l Emeryville. This en
ables Die gamblers to annrrunce the re-
BUlt of each run- within a few minutes
it bag been run. .
The evil of "hand booking" has be-
BO pronounced that complaint in
the business district has become gen
ornl. Merchants who contributed every
enerpy to secure the abolition of Ingle
side and the banishment of Corrigan
and his followers find that their em
ployee are still gambling. The police,
as usual, are ignorant of the fact. If
they rare to enlighten themselves they
may sharpen their eyes on Market
ptrret and see at least one of the
makers and "hand books" plying his
trade.
This gambler's name is Fred Jackson.
He is a type of the men who are violat
ing the prohibitory law of the Super
visors. llt> is amply provided with
money from a source which he is care
ful to conceal. He haunts the saloons
on Market and Ellis streets up to Pow
ell. He accosts his patrons wherever
he meets them, and. under the very eyes
of the polite, conducts his illegal busi
ness. Yesterday afternoon he motioned
a patron into a doorway at Stockton
and Market streets. The thoroughfares
were thronged with pedestrians. The
police themselves had created a dis
turbance at the corner in an effort to
arrest and subdue a belligerent pris
oner. Jackson drew his customer into
a doorway, announced the result of a
race that had just ended at Emery
ville and accepted another wager. The
police were too busy with their pris
oner to notice the incident, which was
pimply one of many that is agitating
the decent people of the city and
prompting them to demand from the
police authorities the c-nforcement of
the law.
CYCLE DEALERS ELECT •
THEIR NEW OFFICERS
WALTER B. MORRrLL PRESI
DENT OF THE ASSOCIATION.
Reports Show the Organization to Be j
in a Most Prosperous
Condition.
The fourth annual meeting of the San
Francisco Cycle Board of Trade was hold '
last night In the assembly room of the j
Parrott building. The association has
been a marked succesn since its organiza
tion, bringing the dealers, both wholesale
and retail, and the repair mf-n, together
under one strong protective organization.
This was th<^ llrst of its kind In Amer
ica, but similar bodies are now to be j
found at nil cycling centers. San Jose
si iid Los Angeles have well organized I
boards, while Brittle dealers have re
cently formed one.
The principal business transacted last
night was the election of officers for the
enßUlng year. "Walter B. Morrill was cho
m 11 president, W. J. Kenney vice presi
dent, C. F. Marwedel treasurer and
James If. Hamilton secretary.
Reports from various officers and com
mittees showed the organization to be in
splendid condition, although the dealers j
have had several bad years. The pres
ent season has opened auspiciously and I
gives promise of being a banner year for
the trade. The annual banquet of the
association will be held shortly. A com
mittee, consisting of C. F. Marwedel, Ed
win Mohrlg and James M. Hamilton, was
appointed to arrange the details of the
affair.
Several new members were elected, and
those without the fold were expected to
join shortly.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Pc-tltions in insolvency were filed yes
terday In the United States District Court
as followB: John F. Groshauer of San
Francisco, liabilities $SfiO and $180 assets;
l>. Ktgoni of San Francisco, liabilities $469,
assets none.
CUP AND SAUCER DAT.
Some articles cut 80 ier o«"nt.
6nme artlel«>« cut BO per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS. HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 21, 1899.
GAS COMPANIES
REDUCE BATES
VOLUNTARILY
Agree to Accept $1.60
Per Thousand.
MAYOR SPRINGS A SURPRISE
SAYS THE RATE IS FINALLY
FIXED AT $1 10.
The Board of Supervisors Holds a
Purposeless Session and Decides
to Meet Again This
Morning.
Consumers of gas are still in the dark
as .to what rate they will bo compelle 1 to
pay for their light during the coming
year. Mayor Pholan contends the rate
has been fixed irrevocably at $1 10 per
thousand {Vet. The gas company volun
tarily agrees to reduce its rates from
Jl 75 to $1 60 per thousand feet. The
members of the Hoard of Supervisors are
not certain what they want, what they
have don© or what they are expected to
do.
This, in brief, is the unsettled condi
tion in which yesterday's meeting of the
board, called for the purpose of consld-
! ering the question of gas rates, has left
i the much-discussed question. As a result
'■ another day is to be devoted to the con
sideration of the matter, there being an
intimation that the Inquiry will lead to
a thorough Investigation of the books of
| the gas companies to the end that the
I members of the l>uard may gain :n
knowledge of just how much it costs the
■ corporation to make and deliver gas to
consumers. This will not be done if the
| friends of the corporations in the board
■ can prevent it. but It is at least a p
i blllty that lends anticipatory zest to to
day's meeting.
That the representatives of the gas
companies scent danger ahead Is made
apparent by their act in appearing be
fore the. board yesterday and making a
I voluntary offer to surrender $135,000 a year
j in order that the dear people may have
the benefit of a $1 GO pas rate. They had
j decided to do this, they said, to "pre
i vent trouble" and make things pleasant
j all around.
President Crockett of the San Francisco
Gas and Electric. Company wan the per
son to whom had been delegated the
honor of making kn »wn this voluntary
offering to peace, good will and th.- wel
j fare of the gas-consuming populace
"I wish to state at the beginning," he
: said. that without disrespect to this
board the gas company has always and
| does now contend that the board has no
j power or authority to jix gas rates
While we believe this to be true we are'
I nevertheless, willing to do everything hi
our power to avoid trouble and litigation
For this reason the bonrd of directors of
the Ran Francisco (las and Electric Com
pany held a meeting yesterday and agreed
tn voluntarily reduce existing rates
"In ]596 the company voluntarily re
duced its rates to consumers frnm'j 0 to
$175 per thousand feet, making a differ
ence In our revenue of $240,000 anmnllv
We now find that by reducing our divi
dends from fi per cent to f, per c.--nt per
annum we can mnkp a fiirth.-r reduction
of lo cents per thousand feet, making the
CALIFORNIA LAYS CLAIM
TO ANOTHER HERO OF WAR
Private Gavin, With a Com
panion, Fires the Ene
my's Stronghold.
DEEDS of valor, performed by
California boys, who sacrificed
home and friends for a patriotic
life under the blistering tropical
sun, are being repeated in every nook
find corner of the islands. The last
Californlan to distinguish himself was
Private Martin Gavin of Troop C,
who, in company with Private Mur
ray of the Fame troop, advanced in
the face of what seemed certain death
and fired a hut crowded with Fili
pino sharpshooters, who had been an
noying the American lines for several
hours.
Gavin, previous to the war. was em- '
ployed in the mechanical department of The Call. Hp was among the first
to volunteer his services to the Government and sailed for the Philippines
In the early stage of the trouble, lie has been in the thickest of many of
the prominent battles which have occurred, and is always mentioned by his
comrades as one of the moat fearless of the troop. On March 4 orders were
given to the cavalry squadron to support the Fourteenth Infantry near Pa
say. Troop E marched to blockhouse 13 and remained under a heavy fire for
six hours. Troops C and L lay to their support about 100 yards in the rear
of the firing line until given orders by Captain Birkhimer to charge on tho
natives. One position held by the Filipinos was decidedly in the latter's fa
vor. It was a blockhouse into which many Filipino sharpshooters had
crowded, and from which they gave the Americans much annoyance Ga
vin and Murray volunteered to root out the natives. Their attempt was re
garded as certain death, as they would be alone in the open and entirely at
the mercy of a constant fusillade. The brave boys, without hesitation
rushed beyond the firing lines In the direction of the hut and were Imme
diately made targets for the natives. They, however, succeeded in reaching
the fortification and applying a torch drove the occupants from. their shel
ter, enabling our troops to gain much ground.
rate $1 60 instead of $1 75. This will de
crease our revenue about $135,000 annually.
This reduction is about as much as we
can possibly stand, and this we are will
ing to make voluntarily in the interest
of harmony."
A representative of the Gas Improve
ment Company said the rate of $1 60 was
satisfactory to his company, notwith
standing the fact that it reduced the rev
enue of the company about $40,000 a year.
., 1 \ Vl '? s at this point in the proceedings
that the Mayor sprung a sensation in the
form of the following communication:
April 20, 1899.
To the Honorable the Board of Supervis
or of the City ami County of San Fran
cisco—Gentlemen: Pursuant to an "Act to
regulate the quality and standard illumi
nating power and the price of gas in all
cities within the State of California having
a population of one hundred thousand or
more." approved March 4. 1878, the Board
of Supervisors of the city and county of
J~ an Iranciscn, after an investigation and
hearing reports required by law, on April 3,
1599. by resolution No. 2621 (fourth series)
fixed the candle power of gas to be supplied
by gas light companies at seventeen (IT)
candles an.l the maximum rate to be charged
and collected from consumers at $1 10 per
thousand cubic feet. No notice of recon
sideration was given and the resolution
Ftood of record until the next following
r-gular meeting of the Board of Supervis
ors, namely, on April 10. ISS9. when an at
tempt was made to rescind it. But in this
case it appears from the law that the
board had no power to rescind, and I
claim that their action stands fixing the
illuminating power at seventeen (17) candles
and the price of gas at Jl 10. I base this
opinion upon section 3 of the legislative act
Of 1878, above referred to, which, in part,
reads as follows: "When the standard and
price are once fixed such standard and
price may he changed by said board from
time to time not oftener than once every
year, as Increased consumption or other
circumstances may in their judgment ro-
Quire." Therefore the rate should hold
for one year, as thr> rate was fixed under
the authority of this act, all the preliminar
ies having been complied with.
City and County Attorney H. T, Creswell.
in an opinion Riven to the Heard of Super-
Visors August 23, l«r<3. says: "The consti
tution provides that all laws In force at
thr a loption of the constitution not incon
sistent therewith shall remain in force and
effect until repealed by the Legislature. The
net of InTS )i;ik not, as far as I have been
able to discover, been altered or repealed
and It Is not Inconsistent with the consti
tution of 1N79, adopted after the passage of
the act." }
The attorneys of the gas companies con
tend, as you are aware, that the Supervis
ors have no power to regulate rates; but.
granting that they have, they still contend
that a $1 10 rate will not yield a sufficient
revenue to pay them on their capital stock.
Tho Supreme Court has held, however,
that it is n.n capital stork but the value
of the companies' properties employed in
serving the public with such commodities
as artificial light is the true basis on
which tn fix compensating rates.
The question th*n is. first, what is the
value of the companies' property so em
ployed, and second, what does it cost the
companies to furnish light in the burner
and to collect their bills. All in excess of
that cost is profit. The president of the
San Francisco (las and Electric I'ompany
testified that this cost was about $1 per
thousand cubic feet, but independent testi
mony would lead us to believe that It la
not more than SO cents. If his company
Ff-rves yearly 900,000.000 cubic feet, which
is the approximate amount. 10 cents- profit
per thousand would yield jsn.nno and SO
cents per thousand $270,000. Estimating the
true value of the gas plant at $5,000,000 the
president's figures would yield less than
2 per cent per annum on that amount, but
the independent figures would show an ap
paren! yield of BH per cent.
I lay these facts and a statement of the
law before the board for its guidance. Re
spectfully, JAMES D. PHEL.AN, Mayor.
The reading of this communication
brought Thomas B. Bishop, attorney for
the gas company, to his feet. He de
clared that the act of I^7B, to which the
Mayor had referred, was, in his opinion.
unconstitutional, and he had so advised
his clients.
"Neither the city nor the gas com
pany," he said, "wants to he involved in
litigation if it can be avoided. The gas
company is not a public enemy. Its serv
ic< s to "the public are valuable. It fur
nishes a commodity that is a necessity to
the needs of modern civilization. We
want to do the decent tiling and we will
do it if you will meet us half way. We
have rights as well as the public, and our
rights are entitled t<> as much considera
tion at your hands as the rights of prl
vate Individuals. We contend that you
have no right n<>r power to fix pas rates,
and we arc willing to submit the merit of
< ii i r enntention to the courts. At the same
time we do n*'t wish to adopt such a
course if wo can avoid it by reasonable
concessions. These concessions wo have
made, and all we nsk is that we be ac
corded fair treatment."
Supervisor Hylngton said he believed
the board should accept former City and
County Attorney Creswell's Interpretation
of the law a.s orrect and act accordingly.
He believed with the Mayor that the rate
to be paid for pas had been fixed at $1 10
and could not be changed.
Supervisor Aigeltinger wanted to know
If the gas company would not consent to
a rate of $1 50 for gas. To this President
Crockett replied that his company had
considered the matter very carefully and
had decided that $1 fH) was as low as they
could go.
Supervisors wanted to close the ma.tter
and moved that the board adjourn until
Monday. This did not suit Perrault, who
declared that the matter had been taken
out of the hands of the Finance Commlt
tee as a bluff and he wanted to see the
Muff called. He wanted to know what the
meeting- was called for If not for the pur
pose of. investigating the question of gas
rates.
Supervisor T>easy thought further ac
tion should be postponed until some means
could be adopted to ascertain the merit-*
of Mayor I'helan's contention. Tf the rate
had been irrevocably fixed, he Faid, at
?1 10, then it was worse than folly to con
sider the matter further. To this Super
visor Perrault added "the surrerestion that
the gas company be required to produce
its books and papers to show the cost of
the production and delivery of gas.
As a sort of compromise it was finally
decided that the board meet again at 10
o'clock this morning for the avowed pur
pose of conducting an investigation. What
the scope or purpose of suon investigation
will b^ is left to the imagination, as there
was no plan outlined or suggested by the
members present.
Probably a Poisoning.
Bonifaoius Hirt, a veteran of the> <~*ivil
War, 63 years old and a printer by occu
pation, died of pneumonia at the City and
County Hospital lust Wednesday evening,
and an autopsy on the body at the hos
pital by I>r. Tillman disclosed the fact
that there was a puncture in the gullet of
the dead man as though made by a cor
rosive poison. The body was removed to
the Morgue, and the contents of the
stomach will he subjected to a chemical
analysis.
"99" Cleveland bicycles, $40 and $50; "99"
Crescents, $35. L,eavitt & Bill, 309 Larkin.*
DONOVAN WILL
SUCCEED PRICE
IN CHINATOWN
Suppress Gambling
His Instructions.
NEW SQUAD APPOINTED
STRICT ORDERS TO CLOSE THE
GAMES ISSUED.
Captain Wittman Notified to Have
His Men Assist the Posse in
Ridding the City of
Highbinders.
Sergeant_James Donovan_of Captain
Rplllane's division will take the place of
Sprpeant Price In Chinatown.
Last night Donovan was formally noti
fied that he was to be in charge of the
squad. The posse will consist of Police
men Dan Lyons, Phil Hering, Donald
Campbell, Luther Say and Michael Griffin.
The new squad,' acting: under orders, as-
sembled in the, office of Chief I,ees last
evening and were instructed as to their
duties. The Chief read the following
written instructions to Donovan:
You will relieve Sergeant William Trice .in
the Chinese quarter for the purpose of sup
pressing gambling in any form whatever, also
boycotting and the highbinder element in par
ticular, and opium Joints. - Your jurisdiction
In this matter extends to all parts of the city
where gambling is carried on. and is not re
stricted to the Chinese quarter alone. Should
you require extra men at any time to make
special raids for the effective suppression of
this evil, they will be furnished you by Cap
tain Wittman upon your application.
You will instruct the men with you that
they need not await orders from you to raid a
place where they have reason to believe, the
law is being violated but- must act at once.
You will have your men patrol the district of
the Chinese quarter continuously, . except when
It becomes necessary to make arrests out of it.
You will make a report ,at the end of each
month of police duty performed^ by your
squad on blanks furnished by this office. Ton
will report at this office at 7 p. m. for instruc
tions. You will also observe the order here
with attached, my order to Captain Wlttman
and Captain Wittman's to lieutenant Esola,
which they and you will observe and carry out.
Sergeant Price, acting under orders
from Chief Lees, accompanied' the new
squad to Chinatown, where he acquainted
them with the numerous gambling joints.
Sergeant Donovan, who has been select
ed to take the place of Trice, was ap
pointed a member of the force on June
26 18S6. He was promoted to the rank
of sergeant on August 1, 1895. To his as
sociates he is known as "Honest Jim."
For a long time he did special duty in
the "upper office," and made a number of
brilliant captures of desperate criminals.
Chief Lees has also sent the following
written instructions to Captain "Wittman
of the Central station:
I direct you to Instruct all officers under
your command to rigidly enforce the law re
inting to Chinese gambling, especially lottpry
nnd fan tan in Chinatown. The officers detail
ed in or npar Chinatown are Instructed to sup
press this pvil and to arrest any anil all «'hlna
men who are found In or who are known to
conduct such places, notwithstanding that
Pergeant Donovan and a specially selected
squad have been detailed to suppress gambling
in the Chinese quarter. The co-operation of
your officers detailed in that quarter is de
sired.
HTTNTINGTON'S FINANCIER.
James Speyer Will Soon Arrive in
This City.
James Speyer, the Now York financial
magnate, who has engineered many deals
for C. P. Huntington, left El Taso yos
terday and will arrive in L,os Angeles
this afternoon. Mr. Speyer and party are
traveling westward in two palatial palace
rars generously placed at his disposal
by Mr. Htmtington. It is his intention to
spend a few days at Fasadena and other
points of Interest in the southland before
making his entry into San Francisco. He
will be here in time, however, to attend
the annual meeting of the Central Par! lie
directors, which will take place April 28.
Mr. Speyer's visit to this coast is one
of no ordinary importance. He and C. P.
Huntington are responsible for the Cen
tral Pacific reorganization scheme and
the consolidation of that company with
the Southern Pacific. The purpose of
his visit is to inspect the properties of
the two railroads and to hold business
conferences with C. P. Huntington. It'll
his desire that harmony shall be pro
moted among the owners of the Central
and Southern Pacific. As he is about ,„
finance the $125,000,000 bond issue or the
Ce , ntr tL P' 10 '" 0 ' 8 reorganization, tt ll
quite likely that his counsel will prevail
James Speyer is considered by Enrol.
nent capitalists and bankers to be the
leading railway financier of the United
States. He has assumed the tosra h lth
erto worn by J. Pierpont Morgan who in
of his Northern Pacific and
l°on h fwhi, a e nCial dealS ' ht>ld tnetltt flC fo a r n i
ier owes him much, as Mr. Speyer haa
often stood between the Southern Pa
cific and trouble. His advent is looked
forward to with considerable interest in
railroad circles, for it is expected that his
word will carry great weight in Central
Pacific affairs.
TORE DOWN THE HOUSE.
J. Rittigstein Was Imposed Upon but
Nevertheless Met Defeat.
Negotiations opened some time ago be
tween J. Rittigstein and L. Snido, two
prosperous business men of Third street,
and finally the former agreed to c
the premises at 115 Third street from the
latter, in order to prevent close competi
tion in the immediate district. When Rit
tigstein finally agreed with Snide that it
was for the best interests of both to
make the change, he moved his stock
from 253 Fourth street into the new quar
ters and began business. Snfde ran a
pawnbroking shop at 113 Third street,
and for a few weeks both prospered.
Finally RittiKstein was notified by the
owner of the premises that he must va
cate. ,
He made inquiries as to why he should
move, but not long ago he found out
without further difficulty. A force of
workmen arrived at the premises and be
gan tearing down the building he occu
pied, and he vacated without further
ceremony. Then he concluded thai he
had been "jobbed" by Snide and he filed
suit to recover SiOO damages, the amount
he says he lost through his removal. Yes
terday the case was called by Judge
Hunt, a jury was impaneled, Rittiff:=tein
told his story and then the defendant
moved for a nonsuit. Jt was granted and
Rittigstein left the court, it is thought to
search for new quarters.
Two Oil Corporations.
Articles of incorporation nf the Avenal
Land and Oil Company, organized for the
purpose of acquiring: and develplng oil
lands in Kings County and elsewhere,
have been filed. The capital stock
of the corporation is $150,000, all nf which
has been subscribed. The stockholders
and the amounts subscribed follow: Rob
inson & Rawlins, $69,000; Balfour, Guthrie
& Co., $52,200; F. P. & J. A. Hooper, $13 -
800; and Chnnplor & Canfield, $12,000. The
dirfictors are Thomas Binny, J. Ernest
Rawlins, James S. Robertson, John A.
Hooper and Alexander B. Williamson.
Thf same parties have incorporated the
Aetna Petroleum Company, with a capi
tal stork of $50,000, all of which is sub
scribed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fOOKS
Vr IN
THREE
MINUTES
1 JTPTOi ** f ■■ uUnRL ' i!^Bß^99B9Ss^u^^j ■■Si—^^^ ■%
tl : " Ha H ■
BRISK BIDDING
FOR SUTRO'S
CLIFF HOUSE
The Famous Seaside
Resort to Be Sold.
PABST AFTER THE PROPERTY
C. E. LOOSE OF SALT LAKE
COMES HERE TO COMPETE.
The Executors of the Estate Have Be
ceived Many Handsome Offers
From Various Sections of
the Country.
It is probable that the Cliff House will
soon cease to be a portion of the estate
of the late Adolph Sutro. The executors
of the dead millionaire's estate have been
ordered to dispose of his famous seaside
possessions, and already local and East
ern capitalists are competing for the re
sort that caters to the fancy and palates
of people from all over the civilized world.
The' Cliff House is perhaps the best
marketable section of the late Adolph
Sutro's vast estate, and when it became
known that the property was to be sold
many handsome offers were received from
local and outside capitalists.
A short time apn tVin executors of tha
Sutro estate announced privately that the
resort was for sale, and the representa
tives of the Fabst Brewing Company in
this city, seeing a golden opportunity for
their firm to acquire a valuable and
profitable resort, wired to Milwaukee, and
within a few weeks a special representa
tive of the company hurried here ;o put
in a bid for the property.
C. E. Loose, a wealthy hanker and mine
owner of Salt Lake City, who has had his
on the property for some time past,
arrived in this city about a week ago,
ired to pay a top figure for the sea-
Blde resort Mr. Loose spent several days
ting the place, and then he sat
down and wrote out a bid for it. The
Salt Lake financier knew there were other
wealthy men who were anxious to acquire
the famous resort, and he confided to a
friend that he intended to make the ex
ecutors of Adolph Kutro's estate a hand
some offer for it. Mr. Loose presented the
executors of the estate with his bid a
day or so ago and then left the city and
returned to his home in Salt Lake. There
are several other wealthy men bidding for
the property, hut those who have an ink
ling into the inside of the deal say that
the sharp contest f<>r possession of the
resort is between ( '. TC. Loose and the
Pabst Brewing Company.
Those in charge of the estate are ex
tremely reticent about discussing any
feature of the proposed sale or giving any
Information concerning the number of
bids received or the amount of money
nffi red for the < 'lift" 1 ;
The* l';ibst Brewing Company's bid is
said to be in the neighborhood of Hi
It is not known how much Hanker Loose
offered. It Is expected that th~ sale will
be effected within h few weeks, li is the
intention of the executors of Sutro'
tate to soon dispose of the Sutro Bath*
and all of the beautiful surrounding
realty.
ROSENTHAL'S RECITALS.
The Great Artist to Make His Fare-
well Appearance Next Week.
Two farewell recitals \\\\\ be Riven by
tbe pianist Rosentha! ;it the (irand Opera
hnipe next Tuesday and Wednesday af
ternoons. Rosenthal's former suc<
In this city havf been such as to insure
large attendance at these recitals.
"PeKnmoM" honk loathprs fnr binding: per
fect for gold lettering. fi3 Chronirle bldg. •
Child Study Club.
Thf Pan Franrisoo Child Study Club
will hold its regular meeting this after
noon at 3 o'clock at tbe Occidental Hotel.
The subject of "Diet and Sleep of Chil
dren" will be continued, and the school
age will be especially considered. On Fri
day, April 2S, Professor Jaffa of the Prate
University will lecture upon "The Compo
sition and "Use of Foods."