VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 35.
A BLIGHT NOW RESTS ON
THE BOOM OF BURNS
OVERSHADOWED BY
COMING DISASTER
Open Candidacy Has Driven
Many Friends From
Burns' Side.
The Taint of Past Misdeeds Now
Bears Fruit and Honest Men
Wash Their Hands of
the Corrupting
Aspirant.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- !
MENTO, Jan. 3.— D. M. Burns is still I
a candidate for United States Senator, j
but his oandidacy no longer has the air |
of prosperity that characterized it at
the preliminary gathering of the clans
last Sunday.
■ The exact nature of the malady that j
• has overtaken the Burns boom and !
prnstrsted it will not admit ot imme
diate diagnosis, but 'that the complaint
bids fair to bear fatal results there can
h& no doubt. The small army of politi
cal tricksters, job chasers and- touts
that has heretofore served to mark the
presence of the railroad candidate in \
any particular locality has been scat
tered by .the premonitory symptoms of
eomirrg disaster and they are now to be
found only after due and diligent
Eearch.
Shorn of their arrogance they now
appear as they really are, A LOT OF ''
RANK POLITICAL WEEDS that are
shriveling up in anticipation of the
cold wave that is beginning to .make [
j;/ AY Vf£Ws ON EXPANSION ARE. WELL Cucpv AnnlCKlfC , Fl>A^ CUAeTA _„ i !• : • FIGHTEEfi VOTES ARE-, ; TWENTY-FIVE W/^SERS OF THE .
Wj .-,.. KWOVW TO THE PEOPLE OF EVE^I / r UD i ENCE 1 R ° A SHASTA TO ll l l' PLEDGED TO WE " - " 'LEGISLATURE HAVE GIVEN ASSURAMCE TAAT
:.. : -, . •California: 1 san diego cheered THE DECLARATION that ,-•■■. ! . " ;.: v they will. support ME."
: ■■■ ' conquered territory should &e.tt&ta\ne.£< X bahnes-tn an interview.
The San Francisco Call.
itself felt to even the most case-hard
ened of the tricky crew.
The few among Burns' followers who
are numbered among the respectable
members of society profess to be still
i as confident of ultimate success as they
were when W. F. Herrin launched the
Burns boom four weeks ago. Having
become committed to their present po
sition by reason of personal friendship
or mistaken party fealfy they still cling
to the belief that they cannot be wrong,
and that a majority of the members of
the present Legislature and the oom
munity at large will not continue to
repudiate the man whose past record
reeks of the proceedings of the crimi
nal courts of two republics and who has
suffered imprisonment en the charge of
having robbed the people he now asks
to honor him.
So long as W. F. Herrin was respon
sible for the information that Burns
had entered the race for the Senator
ship there were many who still ex
pressed a kindly feeling for him, be
cause nf their belief that Herrin was
not acting as Burns' mouthpiece. By
such expressions they gained for them
selves the reputation of being Burns
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1899.
supporters. So it was that: Burns, -with
his army of touts and 1 healers from
San Francisco, came .to Sacramento
with a great show of glad smiles and
a jingling of small change, secure in
the belief that the battle was won be
fore the votes were counted and that
all that was left for them to do was
to wait until the proper moment to* do
the shouting.
It was at this point that Burns ven
tured into the open and declared:
"I am a candidate for United States
Senator."
This was twenty-four h^urs ago. The
intervening hours since the announce
ment was made has not ■ changed , the
j fact of his candidacy, but it has altered
its complexion. Men who were willing
Ito be on friendly terms .. of Intimacy
with him yesterday are to-day either
declaring their allegiance to other can
didates or professing their Inability to
support the candidacy of Colonel
Burns.
Now that Burns has, by his declara
tion of yesterday, dissolved all doubt, if
any existed, as to his intentions, there
is a scurrying of legislative -feet such
as was not anticipated by either his
friends or his opponents. ■ It would
seem that the consequences of as
sociation with the Burns boom is
now looked upon as a badge of
corruption, and , there are ' few who
care to leave public opinion and
court social sftnd political ostracism
by lending support to the man who, as
an official of the State, was indicted, on
twelve counts by the Grand Jury of this
! county for fraudulently appropriating
I the funds of the people of the .State
■ which had been intrusted to his care.
There is a blight on the Burns boom,
and a serious drought is threatened
among the heelers who live by his
smile.
Every resource within their reach is
being resorted to by the Burns men to
| give an air of respectability to his can
di lacy. The San Francisco Federal
brigade has been pressed into service
for this purpose. In this connection
there is a large-sized row brewing. A
majority of the Federal office-holders
who had combined to support Burns
owe their present position on the pay
roll of the * ederal Government to
United States Senator Perkins. It is
well known that Senator Perkins has
expressed himself as being opposed to
Burns' candidacy. Unless the con
spirators can succeed in electing Burns
there will he a new crop of Federal
office-holders in San Francisco within
the next ninety days. Knowing this to
ibe true, the members of the Federal
! brigade are employing every artifice to
spread the belief among State legis
j lators that they are in Sacramento in
i the interest of Burns with the full con
| sent and approval of the administra
: tion at Washington. So far as is known
i this plan of campaign has so far been
. without effect, but it is not unlikely
I that it will bear fruit, not at all In ac
cordance with the desires of * the men
who are engineering the scheme.
The developments of to-day are not
! the only surprises that are in store for
1 Colonel Burns. In spite of the fact that
he is making all possible use of the
: friendship of Governor-elect Gage, the
patronage of the State and the power
of the Southern Pacific Company, he
■ will find his name third on the list
I when the votes are counted after the
| first ballot next Tuesday. 1 l,v
BURNS COMPELLED TO
CALL ON HIS RESERVES
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 3.— lt is an evident fact that
the managers of the Burns fight realize
that not only are the prospect of Dan for
success very remote, but they are also
awar? that as time progresses U.om>» pros
pects grow more dim. The result Is that
a call nas gone forth over the Stai-3 for
every riHrcad politician, wheebc-r he Y.«
Democrat or Republican, makes no differ- ]
ence, to come to Sacramento. The only
question is as to whether or not Vre is ;n j
a position to influence one vote or more I
for the man from Mexico. They are flock
ing in by every train, and if the influx
continues by Saturday night there will be
an aggregation of talent here such as Sac
ramento has never seen before.
Among those arriving last evenrnar was
Harvey Lindley, the repudiated Repub
lican boss of Southern California. Mr.
Lindley went at once to the Golden Eagle
and proceeded to the star-chamber herul
quarters of Colonel Dan, there to remain
closeted for some time. When H*irv?v
came forth he was questioned by a Call
representative and said: "No, I am goln ; j
to take no part in the Senatorial fight. I
am here to look on. You ask am I for
Colonel Burns. Well, now, you can just
put it down that I am not against him."
Further than this Lindley was very reti
cent and cloae-mouthed. He will be one
of Burns' right-hand men to the end of
the fight.
DEMOCRATS MAY SAVE
THE STATES GOOD NAME
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 3.— The Democratic mem
bers of the Assembly, or at least some of
them, can be relied upon, if the occasion
arises and they are placed in a position
to do so, to step in and save the good ]
name of the State. If it should come to
that point where the votes of a few Dem- |
ocratic Assemblymen cast for a clean- I
cut, honorable Republican for United I
States Senator would prevent the election ]
GENERAL BARNES
FEELS SATISFIED
® • ■ -..• • • -■: • I, i • " %
0 CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 3.— The varia- ®
® tlons in the Senatorial barometer do not disturb General W. H. L. ®
® Barnes. He loses no sleep and takes on no flesh. Commenting on the ®
® campaign he remarks: ti>tl%. ' ®
® "Positive assurance comes to me that eighteen votes will be regis- ®
® tered in my favor on the first ballot. I count on eighteen sure and ®
® have good reason to believe that my . strength on the first showing ®
®. will not fall below twenty-five. ; I observe by the San Francisco pa- ®
® pers of this day that several members .who are pledged to me and ®
® from whom I have received directly the assurance : that they will ®
® vote for me, are accredited to other candidates. I shall mention no ®
® names, preferring thai the first ballot and the subsequent balloting ®
<•> shall tell the story. My relations with the members of the Leglsla- ®
®- :tnre fire '.ire it co; dial and many- of . the mo«-t influential : I represents- ®
® : tive* of th = pecplf trom <n>untte« other than San ■Francisco ; have ®
® f paid me the compliment of friendly visits. The support accorded to ®
® me .is, in ; a sense, unsolicited. 'I ; am a candidate for the office of ®
® United States Senator, but did not become a candidate before I had ®
® received countless letters and messages from the people of this State ®
® earnestly ' requesting: that 'sly should enter the race. My views on ex- ®
® panslon and the retention of conquered territory are known to the ®
® people of California. Interviews on this subject, so far as my po- ®
® sition is concerned, 1 are not required. The people know where I ®
® stand. The ; sentiments expressed in my speeches during the late ®
® campaign received the "enthusiastic commendation of every audience ®
® from Shasta. to. San Diego. The greetings which I received- at the ®
® close of the great meetings and the personal appeals made by the ®
® represenattve men of every county that I should enter the contest ®
® for the United States Senate, induced me to enter the field." . ®
® ;.>.-Vvt. ■-. ■: ..""•::-•.■,!,:.■: . \ :-^M ®
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® ®® ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
of Burns, the votes of those Democratic
Asßemblymen would be forthcoming.
' One point is assured and that is this:
If Colonel Mazuma should influence the
votes of a few Democratic Assemblymen
and secure them for some unclean Re
publican, there are other Democratic As
semblymen who stand ready to immedi
ately counteract the effect' of those votes
by casting their own for the Republican
candidate for Senator whose chances of
success were lessened by the casting of
the purchased Democratic votes for his
opponent. ,
At the caucus of the Democratic mem
bers of the Assembly the question came
up as to whether or not in any contin
gency ia Democratic Assemblyman should
ever cast his vote for a' Republican can
didate for Senator.
The question was very generously de
bated and there was considerable differ
ence of opinion. Some thought that in
the event it was necessary for the Dem
ocratic Assemblymen to cast their votes
to break a deadlock, or to elect a Repub
lican who would in no sense be objec
tionable to the people of the State, they
should do so.
There were others who were of the
opinion that the Democratic Assembly
men should give the complimentary vote
to a Democrat from the first ballot to the
last.
The discussion got rather warm, and As
semblyman Mead finally stepped in and
poured oil on the troubled waters. He
suggested that it would be well enough
for the caucus to bridge the difficulty
when it was. reached. Inasmuch as the
conditions, stated -did' not yet exist, he
would advjse that the matter be left open.
This proposition was agreed to. Mr.
Mead also advised his colleagues not to
submit to .interviews as to whether, in
certain contingencies, they would support
this or that Republican candidate for
Senator, for the reason that if rfome Re
publican, good and clean, were to get
eixty-one Republican votes without diffi
culty, th? Democratic Assemblyman who
had"stated that he was going to vote for
some other Republican would be placed
in a most embarrassing position.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIANS
ARE OPPOSED TO BURNS
Senator Bulla Indignantly Refutes
the Charges.
Signed Statements Which Show That Gunst's Gambling
Partner Has No Friends in the Lower
Part of the State.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 3.— There will never be a
j circumstance arise nor a condition ex
ist whereby Colonel D. M. Burns will
secure any votes from the Los Angeles
! County delegation for United States
| Senator if the statements made by the
j members themselves are to be given
credenoe, and there is every reason why
they should.
The members of the delegation were
very indignant to-day at the charge
made in the Chronicle that the candi
dacy of Senator Bulla was merely a
"stall" for D. M. Burns and the railroad
company.
Messrs. Valentine, Conrey and Mel
ick were not at all slow in expressing
themselves in very vigorous English.
i Senator Simpson also placed himself
I squarely on record. All of these gen
i tlemen state that at no time will their
votes be at the disposal of Burns. Mr.
Melick stated that he had been ap
proached by some of the Burns follow
ing and sounded, but he was the only
i member of the delegation who made the
i admission.
Senator Bulla himself indignantly
! denied any rumors of combinations
, upon the part of himself or his support
| ere. He furnished The Call with the foi
i lowing signed statement:
"I have said so frequently that I
have made no combination or compro
mise with any other candidate for Sen
! ator that it does seem to me unneces
sary to repeat it at this time. How
ever, I again say as forcibly as lan
guage can express it that I have no
understanding or agreement with
Colonel Burns or any other candidate
lor anybody representing them. I have
; had no conversation whatever with any
other candidate looking toward an
j agreement or understanding as to the
j disposition of our respective votes when
I the break-up comes.
"The Republican convention of Los
I Angeles County enthusiast'cally adopt
ed a strong resolution favoring a Sen
ator from Southern California and in- j
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
structing the legislative nominees from
that county to vote for myself. lam
constantly receiving letters from my
constituents to the effect that public
sentiment there has not changed one
iota.
"What I have said with reference
to other candidates for Senator applies
with equal force and truthfulness to
the Southern Pacific Railroad, the
Santa Fe Railroad or any other cor
poration.
"It has been alleged that men who
are friendly to the railroad company
are in favor of my candidacy. If I am
to be considered the choice of the rail
road company because of any s-uch al
legation I apprehend that every can
didate who has so far declared himself
may be subject to the same criticism.
"I most emphatically deny that I
have been approached at any time, or
in any manner, by any one known to
me to be connected with or authorized
to represent the Southern Pacific Com
pany with any proffer or suggestion of
the support of that company in return
for any consideration that I might
show them if elected to the high office
of United States Senator.
"If men who are known to be under
the dictation or control of any improper
influence are declaring their preference
for me it certainly is hot based upon
any assurance or intimation from me
that I will be subject to such influ
ences If elected.
"Such tactics have been reported to
for the purpose of injuring or prevent
ing the election of candidates for office
before.
"The best proof of what any man
will do in the future is found in what
he has done in the past. I refer to my
record in three sessions of the Califor
nia Legislature as sufficient evidence
that if elected Senator I will not sub.
Mit to dictation from any source other
than from the whole body of people of
this State.
"I do not know what are the personal
preferences of my supporters in the
event that I should at any time retire
from the contest, except as I have seen
their published declarations. Ido know
Continued on Second Page.2
PASSING COMMENT
ON BURNS' AMBITION
Must Go In With a Rush or Not at All if
He Wins the Prize.
Hangers-On Are Now Drifting In and Helping to
Solve the Senatorial and Other Muddles to
Everybody's Satisfaction.
BY HENRY JAMES.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 3.— As an American citi
zen resident of California and expect
ing to remain here' until' called to a
heavenly home, I. would like the privi
lege of making 'a few remarks about
one Burns; known variously as Dan
1 and as the Colonel. '
Burns hopes to be United States Sen
ator. For months this has been his
plan. If official records do not lie
Burns is a person wholly unworthy of
trust. He has held public office twice.
in each instance a portion of the funds
under his chart disappearing. He was
arrested, put in Jail, and still owes to
the State a trifle of ?31,000. All this is
history, and yet it is the career on
which Burns comes before the Legisla
ture asking, scheming, Intimidating
■with the object of being- elected and
vindicated. Let him first earn vindica
tion through fruits meet tor repentance.
Burns has not always been in public
life. He has a mine in- Mexico. It is
called the Candelaria, and . the man
who had owned it and who confided in
Burns, died but the. other day with a
ci'rse on bis lips for the man who had ,
." * ?n the property. This man is Burns,
candidate by the inexplicable grace of
Providence, by his illimitable nerve and
.the rottenness of some politicians and
the weakness of others, for the United
,' States Senate, a position in which he
would disgrace the State and to which
he could be elected only by the pur
' chase of the corrupt Burns has not
' much chance. • He counts on votes
which will go to other men. If he can
not, win in the fust grand rush he is
gone, fqr the legislator to come over to
'Burns would be branded to the end of
his days, and could. never escape the
! blight. It would be his last vote.
Power so grossly abused would be j
taken away by indignant constituents.
Burns and his gang may boast, but
- their words are idle. The colonel, if
the fear of Mexican law permits, may
Boon go back to his mine, nor worry
lest duty call to "Washington. From a
survey, of the ground 1 regard the
Burns goose as cooked. There, is a line
of assumption beyond which even the
bawdy-house and the tenderloin lose
their efficacy. There is no decent ele
ment behind Burns. Irritation has been
pet up by the raw work manipulated by
. Gambler Gunst in San Francisco and
by the horde of harpies' Burns has
brought with him. The influence of the
railroad, provided 'he ' has it, cannot
save him. .What Dan needs personally
is regeneration, and politically a mira
cle. .The latter being of divine origin
Dan will be left. If he cannot read the
signs all about him I freely and gladly
interpret.
Aside from the tide of respectability
which has set in against Burns, 1 am
unable to discern any great change in
the situation. Bulla, Barnes , and
Knight are still in the field, with Beale
looking over the fence. ; '
Aside from Burns; T. can see no
chance for anybody, but Grant, and as
Burns is a moral impossibility there
' appears no reason why Grant should be
discouraged. Of course, there is talk
of a dark horse. In my estimation,
which may be bad, for I speak with
dr." humility as one not wholly onto
the ways of the political sharps and
sharks, there is not a dark horse in the
lot who has a better chance' than Fatty
Blodes.
. At the Capitol to-day there was a
joint session of the House to listen to
the reading of official returns and to
decide that Gage had been elected Gov
ernor. The announcement created as
.much surprise as it did enthusiasm.
Gage is a puzzle to me. Why he was
picked up and projected into public life
■ may be explained when the heavens
•; roll up as a scroll, but at present the
; explanation hinges on a shady political
job. the existence of which one cannot
admit without a sense of shame, so
Gage, for the sake of mental peace,
may be left a mystery. That the man
hardly rises to the common-place must
be admitted, and that he is as wax in
the hands of Burns is painfully evident.
-There was to-day an exhibition of
discourtesy to the retiring Governor.
His message was sent to. the Senate
and Assembly and each body refused to
listen to it. This must not be charged
against them wholly. There was a lack
of time, the hours were gliding by and
certain routine matters had to be dis
' posed of. If Gage fails to be Governor
by a certain hour the commission of
Mose Gunst will expire. Gunst is the
pet of Burns. To be sure he could get
along without his job with the police,
.is the cigar business is prosperous
now, . and Lees is giving games a
•chance, but if no longer Commissioner
he would lose a valuable pull of which
Burns has free use. So the message
was cast away. Had It been from on
high, written in letters of fire by a
finger on the wall, it could not have
checked proceedings. Budd retains his
good humor and he has the rheuma
tism, too. ■''*'■
•'• Secretary of State Curry and Martin
" Kelly were in the Golden Eagle this
■ afternoon discussing purity in politics.
.Not far away Jim. Rea and Morehouse
• were probably engaged on the same
theme, It .is cheerijpg to see profes
. sional reformers getting together this
• way. Corrigan, the horseman, is also
•' on the ground to see that nothing is
■' done to impair the integrity of racing.
" Altogether the prospect of spiritual
. renovation seems excellent. The Rev.
Mr. Miel protests that when he sat in
the lobby of the hotel Sunday smoking
a pipe, with Dennery near, he was not
lobbying for a job. I am glad to hear
it, and also that he did not get the job.
It may be that he was holding service
' with a view to uplifting his feilowmen.
•If so, he had surely struck a crowd in
rreed of it.
Hangers-on of the Legislature are
beginning to arrive. The wonder, is
how the} get here. As they are about
three days late a suspicion arises that
: they walked- They will find the park
too cool for sleeping purposes and
ou°ght to be counseled to. go home. If
anybody here has money to spend, at
least, it is being spent where it will
have more' effect than If devoted to !
"charity. Some of these stragglers want i
'jobs, more of them find content, In the
price of a steam. But there is not one
in the crew who cannot tell all about
the Senatorial situation. They believe |
in Burns yet, for Dan has been too
busy to turn them down.
By the way, the Examiner's allusion
to a boodle contest seems to me the
throwing of a stone, while delicately
shielded from a return of the missile
by glass. The Examiner has before
now backed an aspirant whose capital
was not his purity and whose sack was
wide open. Huwever, while history is
being so rapidly made, there is no util
ity in turning to any back chapters.
1 forgot to state that the Bee is open
in support of Irving M. Scott. It ad
mires him as frankly as it despises
Burns. In its former attitude it receiv
dial support, but I have searched
vainly for a wave of fervid indorsement
of the second.
The weather to-day has been as fine
as Professor Hammon ever turned out
of his factory. It has brought upon the
street many handsome women, but if
permitted to pass judgment in a matter
so delicate, I would say that the Sacra
mento beauty i* at her best in summer
togs, such as she employed during the
conventions to add joy to life.
For all the interest in the Senatorial
fight, it progresses quietly. There are
no seductive bottles in the various
headquarters, as are to be seen in such
wild and wanton commonwealths as
Colorado or Nebraska when a toga is
in sieht. Instead, there is a handshake
for the wayfarer. When General Barnes
went so far as to place a box of cigars
on his table he was accused of treason.
This evening there arrived a multi
tude of statesmen, diplomats and emi
nences from San Francisco. They came
to see that Gage shall be properly in
augurated, so that California and Mose
Gunst may continue in business at the
old stand.
At a late hour to-night there seems
to be ground for changing the views ex
pressed above as to the candidates for
the Senate. It is certain that Burns has
not the strength he claims or his fol
lowers are ashamed to confess, while
the Grant contingent gains confidence
hourly. Senator Shortridge declares
himself for Morehouße to succeed
White. He is now searching the library
for fitting words in which to express
his exultation when shall be the happy
moment of hi? heralding the triumph
of the man with the stainless heart.
Men who fear that the ship of state
will list dangerously in the breeze nf
ambitions may be reassured. Jake
Steppacher Is h*>re, bald, calm, subtile
ar.d wary, with bis hand firmly on the
helm, and all is well.
DEPRESSION EXISTS
IN THE BURNS CAMP
CALL HEADQUARTERS.. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 3.— The Federal pla^e hold
ers. wh<? ought to be at their respective
desks in San Francisco, are here in Sacra
mento, boastins: that the State patronage
will be distributed by Governor Gage to
promote the election of Dan Burns to the
United States Senate. To-day Mr. Gage
made the statement to one Senatorial can
didate that the State patronage should
not be used to assist any aspirant in the
contest. There is reason to believe that
Burns during the past twenty-four hours
has renewed his pull on Gage to further
draw him into his fight, and to extort
from the Governor a promise that certain
appointments should be made. It is said
that Gage firmly refused to go in deeper,
asserting that he had gone far enough.
The promise so eagerly sought to help the
touts was not obtained.
Something happened last night to cause
extreme depression in the Burns camp.
Dan was greatly dejected this morning
aft-'r a sleepless night and repeated fail
ures to extort from Gnge the promise of
favors. Ominous tidinps from Pan Fran
may have reached the "colonel's"
quarters, for the gloom was on all after-
Down in the barroom of the hot'-i
the touts who were yesterday claiming
thirty-five votes for Burn* on first ballot
were making estimates of twenty-five.
Another reason assigned for the depres
sion was the. receipt of intelligence from
Pan Francisco that quite a number of In
fluential business men. who have the wel
f;in- of the State at. herirt. were engaged
in a quiet movement to induce C. P. Hunt-
Ington to instruct Herrin to pull down
Burns. The knowledge that D. S. Grant
and James Brown took a flying trip to
San Francisco yesterday and returned to
day confident and aggressive, produced
extreme depression among the followers
of the ex-Secretary of State. Recalling the
manner by which the railroad once threw
down De Young after he had been bal
loted for. the touts began to swear that
the corporation could not keep faith with
anybody.
The first ballot for Senator will be taken
next Tuesday and the candidates are no-v*
casting nbnut for erood speakers for nomi
nation talk. In th* 3 Assembly Burns will
be placed in nomination by either Judge
Dibble or Grove Johnson. Dibble would
like to vote for his old and able friend,
General Barnes, but in doing this he
mieht follow the dictates of his con
science and so break a resolution formed
many years ago that he would never al
low his conscience to become a tyrant.
While Dibble's vote is for Burns, his
h^art is true to Barnes.
BURNS' SIDE PARTNER
IS AT THE CAPITAL
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 3.— "Mose Gunst has
fame."
Dan Burns' gambling- partner, -whose,
efforts to be retained as Police Commis
sioner have resulted In Governor-elect
Gage casting- propriety to the winds at
the behest of Burns, dropped into town
on the Oregon express at midnight, after
most honest people had pone to bed. and
joined the Burns "push." Mose did not
burst Into view with his usual glory, but
kept off the main thoroughfares and away
from the. hotel lobbies. Hut the push hn.<l
a tip. evidently^ that Mose was coming,
for shortly before the train was due they
broke away from the Golden Easrle and
headed in the direction of the depot In
groups of three and four. Where they
rendezvoused It Is not necessary to state,
but the band did not get back up town
until hours after midnight.
TH£ "TWO JAKES" ARE
DOING SOME LOBBYING
Steppacher and Shaen at the Capital
to Look After the Interests of
the Telephone.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 3.— Jacob Steppacher and
Jacob Shaen of San Francisco are famil
iar ligurf'S in the lobby of the Legisla
ture. Each is a holder of a position
under the present administration and
lx>th are "touting" for Dan Burns. As
Major Mclaughlin hap declared hlmsHf
for Dan it is quito- natural that the two
•J.-iks" would follow suit.
Somtthing more than sympathy for
Mose Gunsfs partner brings Steppacher j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, .JANUARY 4, 1899.
and Shaen to the lobby of the Legisla
ture. Tiie Call has straight information
that they are here to defeat proposed
legislation to regulate the telephone busi
ness and in this particular mission the»
are the agents of the Sunset and Pacific
Telephone companies. The information
is published by The Call to put the mem
bers of the Legislature "on," so that the
progress of bills providing for the reg
ulation of telephone companies may be
closely watched.
Shaen and Steppacher cannot be dis
played as the highest products of pure
politics, but they are good enough to
Berve Uncle Sam in subordinate places.
The point is advanced that they ought
to be at their respective places of duty,
T>h'r<> they might be able to earn their
salary.
Telephone companies perform public
service in the same sense that railroad
and telegraph companies are supposed to
serve th. people. As the telephone corpor
ations act under franchises and enjoy
public privileges they are subject to legis
lative restrictions, and it is the duty of
the Legislature to provide proper regu
lations for the control of the service.
There Is no indication that members of
the Legislature have banded together to
cinch the corporations or impose upon
them onerous restraints. There is an in
creasing sentiment, however, throughout
California in favor of regulating the cor
poration, especially in regard to the dis
closure of messages. The companies also
enjoy great public privileges which have
enabled them to acquire vast sum* of,
money and valuable properties. That th«
companies should be compelled to ejn
tribute a just share nf taxes c-tnnot be
disputed. The managers may find it to
their advantage in the long run to be
ware of lobbyists, and trust their affairs
at Sacramento to the representatives
elected by the people.
Another Burns Manipulator.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 3.— Among the distinguished
manipulators of railroad poKties who ar
rived by a lafe train to-night to assist
in the Burns fight was ex-Senator R. B.
Carpenter. He proceeded to the Golden
Eagle and after a consultation with
Burns was closeted with Harvey Lind
ley.
BAKER'S NEMESIS.
The Attorney of Voting Machine Job
to Be Called to Account.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
! MENTO, Jan. S.— George W. Baker, the
1 attorney, who has lately jumped Into no
toriety through his connection with the
voting machine job which it was al
\ leged \\;is to 1"' pushed through this ses
j sion of the Legislature, Is to be called
i to account for his rfharges against mem
bers of the last AiWemßly and Senate by
[ an investigation committee made up of
members of the Senate.
To the promoters, of the voting machine
; deal Baker claimed to have manipulated
! Assembly bill 27G through the Legisla
: ture of 1897 and represented that he had
found no trouble in buying up all of the
votes he needed on a graduated scale of
prices ranging from 5250 to $00.
Shortly after rjoon to-morrow there will
be a caucus of t'ne Senate for the purpose
of forming an investigating committee,
before which F.aker will be Immediately
I summoned. The hold-over Senators are
j the leaden in rhe movement and they are
; determined to force Baker to an admis
! sion of falsehood or to divulging the
| names of the legislators whom he had so
little trouble, and expense In buying.
Inquiry at Mr. Baker's residence in
Oakland last night elicited the fact that
he was not expected home until to-day.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIANS
ARE OPPOSED TO BURNS
Continued from First Page.
and have already stated that the men
who have expressed their Intentions to
vote lor me are intelligent, patriotic
citizens and will do only what they be
lieve to be for the best interests of the
Statf.
"Knowing this to be the fact it would
be utter folly for me to attempt to en
ter Into any agreement looking ' ■ the
delfvery of their votes to any other
cardidate.
"As a candidate I have no personnl
feHing of animosity toward any oth^r
candidate, no matter what has been
said by others to that effect. Of course,
I am doing all in my power, legitimate
ly and honorably, to defeat every other
candidate, and I presume they are do-
Ing the same so far as I am concerned.
"If successful I shall, of course feel
intensely gratified, because I know my
friends know that no improper in
fluences have been at work in my be
half.
"If unsuccessful T shall accept my
defeat with entire resignation and shall
continue in the discharge of my duties
as a citizen and as a public officer to
the very best of my knowledge and
ability. ROBERT N. BULLA."
Assemblyman L. H. Valentine fur
nished The fall with tho following
vigorous statement over his signature:
"If there is a member of the Los
Angeles County delegation who at any
time or under any circumstances in
tends to vote for Colonel Burns for
Ponator. T do not know his name. I
desire to state that in my judgment
if any member of the delegation should
vote for the colonel, it would be unwise
for him to return to his constituents.
"We are in this fight for Bulla and
we are not considering any other factor
in it. We are for Bulla in good faith
and for him alone. It is utter folly
for any one to make the charge that we
are acting the part of stalking horses
for any other candidate.
"Even if we were inclined to support
some one other than Bulla, we could
not do so under our instructions as long
as there is even a possibility of his
winning.
"After we leave Bulla in the event
that we find that it is Impossible for
him to win we are compelled by our in
structions to go to the support of some
other Southern California man. By no
stretch of imagination could Colonel
Burns be denominated as a Southern
Californlan, so he can never obtain aay
.votes from Southern California,
"I* H. VALENTINE."
Assemblyman W. S. Melick stated
when seen that under no circumstances
did he think a vote from Los Angeles
County would go to Burns.
Assemblyman N. P. Conrey was
equally as vigorous in his statement as
his colleague, Mr. Valentine. He said
that under no circumstances could or
would a member of the Los Angeles
delegation go to Burns. He added that
if the question were submitted to the
Republicans of Los Angeles County not
100 could be found who would indorse
the vote of a member of the delegation
for Burns.
Senator Simpson of Pasadena stated
that no one had .ever approached him
and asked him t<. vote for .Burns, and
he added that it was just as well that
no one had, for he never would or could
do so under his instructions. The Sen
ator stated that in the event It was
found that Bulla could not win the
Senatorial prize the votes of the Los
Angeles County delegation, under in
structions, must go to a Southern
California man.
D. C. McGarvin, the secretary of the
Republican County Committee of Los
Angeles County, who is In the city,
made the following statement, which
shows that according to his idea it will
never be possible for a Los Angeles
County Assemblyman or Senator to
cast his vote for Burns. Mr. McGarvin
said: "I do not see how any member of
the Los Angeles County delegation un
der the instructions and platform upon
which they were elected, can vote for
any other than a Southern California
man for United States Senator at any
time, nor for any man oth"r than Sena
tor Bulla as long as he has a prospect
of winning."
It is undeniably true that there is
some pressure being brought, to bear
to secure a vote or two of the eieht
votes in the Lop Angeles delegation for
Burns. The pressure comes from the
Southern Pacific Railroad influence in
Southern California and from the Fed
eral brignde. But numerically the sup
porter? of Burns' candidacy in South
ern California can be counted on the
fingers of your two hands. Senator (
DAN BURNS' SENATORIAL HEADQUARTERS.
Simpson says that he knows of but two
Republicans in Los Angeles County
who are for Burns. One of them must
be John A. Muir, division superintend
ent of the Southern Pacific Railroad.
Here in Sacramento the Burns South
ern California "push" is at present be
in? generated by Walter P. Parker.
Of course, Guy Barham is on hand, too,
but he is a Democrat, and is not sup
posed to bespeak Republican sentiment.
GREEN HOLDS ON
TO THE CASH BOX
Breezy Story Anent a Change
of Officials That Has Not
Yet Taken Place.
CATAj HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan 3.— Will S. Green, the retir
ing State Treasurer, still stands guard
over the box containing the $3,500,000 of
the State's wealth and Truman Reeves,
his successor, Is a guest in the office un
der the restrictions which the relation of
guest to host implies. When Mr. Green
gets through counting the State's money
he will let Mr. Reeves assume the posi
tion which the latter imagined was
his already. The story was one of the
breeziest which the Capitol corridors of
fere'l to-day.
According to the accepted version of the
Incident Reeves sent his guard into the
office late yesterday afternoon while
Green was absent in another office and
instructed him to secure the keys from
the man on watch. The request was com
municated to Green by his deputy and
Green commanded him to hold onto the
keys until further orders from him. In
the night, when the second watch was to
go on duty, forces arrived from both
Reeves' and Green's camps, but Green's
had the possession and the other side did
not hold enough cards to overcome the
nine . points contained therein. One of
Green's deputies finally came to him and
told him that ofte of Reeves' guards in
sisted on staying inside and sitting
around.
Green, so the story goes. Instructed the
deputy to meet the guard on social terms
and let him sit about so long aa he did
no harm. "Rut if he goes to interfering
with your duties or tries to take posses
sion of the office," said Mr. Green, "why
just shoot him. You have shotguns in the
office fur that purpose."
When Reeves found that Green meant
business he sought an interview. Green
told him that he had held many public
positions of trust in his day and genera
tion and that it has always been his prac
tice to permit his predecessor to take an
inventory of the property before leaving
the office. He expected the same courtesy
at tho hands of Mr. Reeves. Further
more, paid Mr. Green; it had always been
the practice in the office of the State
Treasurer in this State for the retiring
officer to remain in until he had assisted
in the count of the money in the vault
and obtained a receipt from his successor..
Green learned that State Controller Col
gan had announced that he would not
after yesterday recognize Green as Treas
urer nor would he draw warrants for the
pay of the deputies after yesterday. To
this, so the story proceeds, Mr. Green
made reply that he was a Democrat, but
still had kept on the Republicans in
spite of strong pressure to remove them.
and that when he got back to his edi
torial seat in the Colusa Sun office he
would show that a member of Controller
Colgan's family was drawing a hand
some salary every month for which she
did no work. Peace was finally patched
up with Green in undisputed possession
of the office and Reeves will have to wait
until all the money is counted before he
can actually become Treasurer.
A CLASH IMMINENT
BETWEEN DEPARTMENTS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 3.— There is danger that the
impending clash between the legislative
and executive departments may come be
fore Governor Gage can be inaugurated.
The story now told in whispers relates
to the State Printing Office.
The other night a Republican Assembly
man in caucus proposed that the first
bill of the session should be a measure to
appropriate $2.5,000 for printing:, and thus
open simultaneously the State Printing
Office and the State treasury. Grove L.
Johnson stood for the big allowance of
$275,000, while Henry C. Dibble insisted
tnat $100,000 would be a sufficient sum with
which to begin operations. Dibble gained
his point in caucus, and according to the
plans a bill to appropriate $100,000 was in
troduced. It has already passed into the
history of the session as A. B. No. 1.
To-day Grove Johnson explained that
amendments to the bill were necessary.
One amendment reduced the allowance
from $100,000 to $50,000. The story is going
around to-night that several Senators
sounded Governor Gage to ascertain his
views regarding the -proposed appropria
tion. To what extent they were enlight
ened is not told, but they got the infer
ence somehow the figure was too .high for
Gage. The sounding Senators then took
it upon themselves to advise the Assembly
leaders w'lth the suggestion that the Sen
ate would not stana for a larger amount
than $50,000. The Assemblymen to whom
the advice was- given fired up in anger and
wanted to know who in Halifax was run
ning: the Assembly— the Senate, Governor
Gage or the Burns lobby. The Senators
themselves are warming up. One of them
remarked to-night: "I wonder if the exec
utive proposes to run the Legislative de
partments as well as the Governor's of
fice? We will sc-e how he comes put."
ALL OF GAGPS SATELLITES
ARE NOW ON HAND
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 3.— The law officp that was
formerly Henry T. Gage's in the city of
Los Angeles is now without occupants.
The two remaining attaches of the Gov
ernor's law office arrived in the city this
morning, and soon it is expected their
names will be entered upon the. payrolls
of the State. The two latest arrivals
were Daniel Kevane and C. J. Fox. They
came in at noon and joined the throng of
Los Angeles County office-seekers at the
Golden Eagle. .
The horde of seekers after official posi
tion, who claim Los Angeles as their resl
.dence and who are looking after their
prospects to obtain a living at the ex
pense of the State, is sufficiently great in
numbers to make up a small-sized army.
As soon as Governor Gage provides for
his stenographer, C. J. Fox, and for. his
general 'factotum. Dan Kevane he will
have given places to every individual who
had any connection with his law business
in Los Angeles. Among others here from
Los Angeles looking for places are Fred
Smith John Francis, Tommy Smith, John
Morton J. L. Stuart and about ten others
who are not listed at any. of the large hos
telries. but who are stopping in the by
streets. .
PORTER ASHE WILL
NOT BE UNSEATED
Eepublican Senators Now Understand
Why a Democrat Was Elected
in a Republican District.
CALL • HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 3.— Dan. Burns and Mose
Gunst will not succeed in their plans to
unseat R. Porter Ashe. the Senator rep
resenting the Twenty-fourth District.
The Republican Senators who have
taken the trouble to do a little work of
investigation on their own account have
ascertained that Senator Ashe was elect
ed by Republican votes in a Republican
district. This fact is well known to the
food people of San Francisco, but the
enators from the inland. distru-ts^are just
beginning- to comprehend its significance.
The Australian ballot was designed to
cover iust such cases as the one wht<n
the Senate will be called unon to con
sider when the vote on the contested
election takes place. . .
The Republicans of the Twenty-fourth
District, availing- themselves of the pro
tectlon and privileges of the law, voted
against Leon Dennery, an unclean nomi
nee, and to give force to their
voted- in favor of a reputable Democrat.
There is no.t a Senator on the floor of t.ie
Senate who would stand for a minute to
be deprived of that privilege if the de
cision on the subject applied to the in
dividual exercise of the franchise. ir
the Senate should challenge the proof or
The Call's assertion that five hundred
eminently respectable Republicans voted
for Mr. Ashe the names of the Republi
cans so voting could, be produced. The
r ,!an to Mr. Ashe is simply a pro
ceeding to disfranchise a legion of intelli
gent an-d reputable citizens to make a
i.lace ; n the Senate for a man who was
cast aside as unworthy. Republican
Senators talking among themselves as
sert that they will not stand for the pro
posed outrage.
GOV. BUDD'S PARDON RECORD.
The Lowest Limit Reached in the
• State's History.
CALL -HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- .
MF.XTO, Jan. 3.— As Governor Budd sig
nalized his last days in office by the Issue
of a number of pardons, a relative study
of his record in this respect becomes in-
Official' figures show that while in the
executive chair Perkins granted Pardons
and commutations to the extent of 293 of
these ninety-four being pardons to State
prisoners and eighty-one to occupants or
county jails? or .the house of correction,
the remaining 118 being commutations -
covering many grades of offense. Perkins
was Governor only three years.
During the four-year term of Stoneman
there were 202 State Prison pardons and
a grand total, including pardons and com
mutations, of 396. Waterman and Bart
lett, in the term served in part by each,
gave 293 the benefit of clemency. Mark
ham's- limit" was 198, thirty-five having
been absolute free pardons from State-
Governor Budd devoted much aitentioi
to this subject, and evidently with the
effect of concluding that executive inter
ference with the' courts was not wise,
for he pardoned only, eighteen from the j
penitentiary, commuted the sentences or
fifty-six, pardoned eleven county prison
ers and commuted eight- sentences, or a
total of ninety-three, .considerably less
th«n half the lowest record of any of his
predecessors and not a ■qo&««>j* - fit - the :
high water mark reached by ' the Stone-- •
man administration. '■'■'• . •"'.' >*^yr"
'-■ ■:.■■■'■: ■-;.— •_-: -V' :-. ••■-.!■.
A Caucus on Committees.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MEN^J, Jan. 3.— Ah informal caucus was
held this afternoon after adjournment of
the Assembly by several 'mem b.crs of that
body, the object being to discuss the
membership of -committees. Speaker
W right and Speaker Pro Tern Anderson
were the principal.. members of the con
ference. Consideration of the matter was
purely informal and no- definite conclu
sion was reached except an agreement
that the membership of cie various com
mittees would not .be determined until the
latter part of the week. It is understood
tnat Grove L. Johnson will be named as
the chairman of the Assembly Judiciary
Committee. James L. Gillis :WIU -proba
bly he named as chief clerk of the As
sembly Ways and Means vommittee. H«
filled the same position- last session in a
most satisfactory manner.
Two Important Clerkships Decided.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 3.— Two of the most im
portant committee clerkships of the Leg
islature have been decided upon. Hugh
M. Burke has been selected as chief clerk
of the Senate Finance Committee and
James L. Gillis will have the chief clerk
ship of the Assembly Ways and Means
Committee. Both gentlemen held the
same positions during the last session and
are familiar. With the work to the minut
est detail.SLIGHTED BUDD
TO HELP GUNST
Legislators Have No Time to Hear the
Executive Message.
for Fear the Inauguration of Gage Might Be Delayed t h
Joint Session Was Hurried and the Vote
Counted.
J THE FIRST BILL. J
•* - +
X Fac-Simile of the Title of the First Bill X
X Introduced at the Thirty-Third Ses- X
t sion of the California Legislature. i
+ +
♦ ASSEMBLY BILL. No. 1. ♦
♦ ; ♦
> "■ ' . +
X • INTRODUCED BY MR. JOHNSON, X
♦ '■'■' ♦
+ January 2, 1599. ♦
•♦-. • -f
■r4- 4
♦ ' ' ♦
X . Read First Time and Ordered Printed. X
+ ♦
♦ ♦
t AN ACT X
+ Making an Appropriation for the Support of the State +
"* Printing Office, and Providing for the Execution of ♦
+ +
+ Printing Work Outside of the State Printing Of- ♦
fice, in Cases of Emergency, and Providing for the *
+ Payment Thereof. ♦
♦ The People of the State of California, represented in Senate and +
Assembly, do enact as follows: *
* ' +
©♦♦♦♦♦ + + ♦♦♦♦♦♦•♦■♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦ 0
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 3.— The Senate to-day
received but did not have read Governor
Budd's second biennial message, and |
Budd's friends are claiming that the ac- I
tion was unprecedented, and showed scant
courtesy to the retiring Governor. It is
not at all likely, however, that any dis
respect was intended, omission being due
entirely to lack of time owing- to Govern
or-elect Gage's mandate that he be in
augurated, to-morrow in order that he
may save Burns' gambling partner, Host
• Jurist, from political oblivion. The decree
having been issued, the Legislature has
nothing to do but obey, and formalities
must be dispensed with in order to save
time.
The Senate took a recess at noon to
1:30 p. rri., but it was fifteen minutes after
that hour when the President pro. tern,
rapped for order. Governor Budd's pri
vate secretary had been waiting to pre
sent th*> message, and Immediately upon |
reassembling he entered the chamber ■
with the document. As soon as it was !
handed to the secretary Morehouse of!
Santa Clara moved that it be referred to 1
some committee whenever such commit- !
tee should be appointed. Dickinson of I
Marin wanted it read, but the Senate was j
taking no chances on delaying Gage's in- i
auguration, so Morehouse took a hint to !
withdraw his motion and the Senate went
into joint session with the Assembly to
canvass the vote for Governor and Lieu
tenant Governor, leaving Budd's message ■
unread on the secretary's desk.
President Pro. Tern. Flint called the I
Senate to order at 10:10 a. m. After pray- }
\er by the chaplain the reading of the |
journal having been dispensed with. Row- j
ell of Fresno offered the following Senate I
concurrent resolution:
Resolved, The Senate of California, the As
sembly c incurring, hereby request the Sena
tors ■vi Representative* of California in the
national Congress to vote for the ratification
\ of the treaty of ueace recently entered into ;
'by commlHPloiiers of ■ [ted States ana Spain, j
As a reason for this we voice the general ;
sentiment of the people of this State in favor
of speedy >and permanent peace with Spain.
.Further. The belief that all of the acquisi
tions of territory that have come to our na- .
tion by treaties of annexation, by conquest
or as trophies of war, should be retained,
trusting thai Congress, guided by the patri
otic pentiir.onl and good judgment of the
American peODle, will have the wisdom to
rnact such legislation as will eventually make
These possessions add to the commercial and
military strength of this country and improve l
every condition of the Inhabitants of the ter- ,
ritory acquired.
The chair decided under the rules it j
•would have to take the same course as a '
bill and go to the printer before any >
action could be taken on it.
) Smith of Kern sent up the following,
Senate concurrent resolution No: 2, which
was agreed to; ;■:•_;:
" Resolved, That the Senate, the Assembly
- soncurring. hereby agrees to meet in Joint con- i
mention at 2 p. m. on Tuesday, the 3d day of
I January. 1899, for the purpose of opening and j
publishing the election returns for Governor I
and Lieutenant Governor.
The secretary was instructed to trans
mit the resolution to the Assembly at
once.
Btratton of Alameda presented a com
munication from United States. Senator
Perkins, which he asked to have read out
Of courtesy to the Senator.
The Senator expressed himself as confi
dent that the territorial expansion ques
tion is of more importance to the Welfa.ro
of the country than is any problem that
has arise:] during the present genera",
He stated that In the absence of Instruc
tions from the Legislature of California
he will vote to amend section 7 of the
treaty, which provides for trie payment of
120.000.000 for the relinquishment of Spain's
sovereignty or her interests In the Philip
pine Islands. He is of the opinion th.it
the United States requires only p. military
station, naval and coaling station In the
Islands. Further, it seems to him that to
acquire territory on the Asiatic Coast is
contrary to the spirit of the constituting
The cost of maintaining a standing army
In the Philippines and the expense of civil
government fcr the islands Is also given
as another reason why the United States
should not acquire them. The exports
from the islands to all the world are
pointed out to be but $30,000,000 annually.
The fact that the Islands are densely pop
ulated is given as a reason why they are
Incapable of development, as was' tie
Louisiana purchase, California and Alas
ka. The unhealthiness of the climate Is
urged as another argument against ac
quiring' them. The influence upon Ameri
can industry, notably that of the raising
of sugar beets, and upon American labor
by the acquiring of the islands is pointed
out ill the letter as not for the best Inter
ests of the country.
The communication went over without
action. \
Notification was received from the As
■" sembly of the adoption of Assembly con
current resolutions Nos. 1 and 2, providing
for the appointment of a Joint committee
on the inaugural ball and for a joint
recess in the afternoon for the purpose
of canvassing the votes for Governor and
Lieutenant Governor. Both were agreed
to, and Simpson, Taylor and Chapman
were appointed on the ball committee. A
recess to 1:30 p. m. was then taken.
Immediately upon reassembling Gov
ernor Budd's private secretary, P. J.
Shields, presented the Governor's second
CANVASSING THE BALLOT FOR GOVERNOR AND LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR.
! biennial message, together with the re- I
| ports of the various boards of trustees j
and commissions. Morehouse of Santa
; Clara moved that the message be referred i
; to committee.
Dickinson of Marln thought the Gover- '
nor should be shown the courtesy of hav
ing his message read, but the chairman
said there would not be time, as it lacked .
but ten minutes of the hour set for tae
! Joint convention.
More'.iouse then withdrew his motion,
j leaving the message and reports lying on
! the secretary's desk pending some future
disprsal of them.
Sol G. Rogers and Hilda Clough were
appointed official stenographers.
A mossage from the Assembly was re
ceived reporting that body's adoption of
j the resolutions providing for the appoint
ment >if a joint committee on inaugural
ceremonies.
Recess was then taken for the joint
session, and upon reassembling the Sen
ate adjourned until 10 a. m. to-morrow.
COUNTING THE BALLOTS.
Proceedings of the House Enlivened
by Making More Patronage
and a Joint Session.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MKXTO, Jan. 3.-In the Assembly this
morning Assemblyman Belshaw of Contra
Costa loosed the string which at th<
session of the Legislature he tied around
; the •'patronage sack" of unholy history.
; The buzz that follows rollcall had scarce
i had time to quiet before he was on his
I feet with a resolution that gave the laugh
: to his economy bill of '97 Hy empowering
Speaker Wright to make eleven appoint
ments more than were provided for In
j the prohibitory law he had had enacted.
1 It is asserted that his measure of this
morning Is only the first of the blows that
, will before many liays have passed kill
; the Belshaw iaw and restore the good
old times, when jobs were had for the
asking and restriction a thing unknown.
Belshaw's resolution was as follows:
Resolved, That the Speaker of the Assembly
i be and he Is hereby authorized to make the fol
: lowing appointments:
Thre<> porters nt $3 per day: one rear porter
at f3 per day; three watchmen at J3 per <lay
one engineer at $4 per day: one fireman at *,i
per day; one elevator attendant nt S3 per day;
i one Janltresß of the ladies' waiting room at
I U per day. and that they be paid out of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1899.
fund for the contingent expenses of the As
sembly.
Caminettl opposed the adoption of the
resolution. He said it opened the door to
the treasury as wide as it had ever been
and he did not understand why Belshaw
sought to amend his own laws.
Belshaw explained that his resolution
did not amend, it simply gave the Speaker
power to appoint employes that were sad
ly needed, as the paper-strewn floor of the
chamber would prove.
Dibble of San Francisco said he would
vote for it, but he hoped the minority
would kill it so that the whole hill could
be amended to suit the San Francisco
taste. The result of the minority vote
was not fatal and the resolution got the
four-fifths vote it needed.
In the afternoon Governor Budd's mes
sage was brought in and announced from
the floor, but upon motion of Belshaw its
reading was dispensed with and it was
ordered printed in the Journal.
Assemblyman Grove Johnson followed
Belshaw's resolution with Assembly con
current resolution No. 1. which provided
that a committee of three be appointed to
discuss with a like committee from the
Senate plans for the inaugural ball. I'pon
adoption of the resolution Speaker Wright
appointed Works of San Diego. Duniap of
Stockton and Wardell of San Francisco.
Later Secretary of the Senate Brandon
announced that that body had concurred,
and in the afternoon the committee re
ported that it would need the whole cap
ital, its rotunda, corridors and nails from
Saturday afternoon until after the ball. A
second concurrent resolution gave them
possession of the building from after ad
journment on Saturday afternoon until 10
o'clock Tuesday morning next.
Valentine of Los Angeles introduced a
joint resolution calling for a joint session
df the Senate and Assembly in the Assem
bly chamber for 2 o'clock this afternoon
for the purpose of canvassing the guber
natorial vote. It was adopted, and later
the Senate concurred and recess was
taken until 2 o'clock.
At that hour the sergeant at arms of
the Senate announced to Speaker Wright
that the members of the Senate were
waiting without the portals. Speaker
Wright bade the visiting members enter,
and, with Secretary Brandon leading,
they tiled in and found seats that had
been provided for them on the floor. After
the- rollcall of both houses the Speaker
announced that, pursuant to the law, he
was about to open the ballots that lay
before him and would canvass the vote
as provided In the Political Code. Sec
retary Brandon read the necessary sec
tions from the code and the constitution,
and the count was begun. It developed
that the total vote cast for Governor was
256.!>96. Of these Gage got 148.334 and Ma
guire 120.255. Harriman got 5101 and Me-
Comas 4207.
The vote for Lieutenant Governor footed
up 280,335. Neff received 146,32.", Hutchison
got 118.915. The result of the canvass was
announced and Henry Gage was declared
by 'the Speaker Governor of the Stoto of
California and Jacob Neff his lieutenant.
The joint session was then declared ad
journed until to-morrow afternoon, pur
suant to a joint resolution declaring that
hour the time when Governor Gage
should be formally Inaugurated. The in
augural ceremonies will take place in
the Assembly chamber.
After the 'Senate had retired and the
Assembly was again called to order
Grove L. Johnson moved that his bill
appropriating $100,000 for the support of
the State Printing Office be taken up by
the Assembly as a committee of the
whole, as he desired to amend it and sub
mit it for final passage under a suspen
sion of tho rules. He made the necessary
motion and it was seconded by Dibble
and passed and Johnson moved to amend
by striking out all those portions of it
that provided that work might be done
by private firms when the State office
wns busy. He also cut down the appro
priation to $50,000, and cut up in this way
it was favorably reported by thr> commit
tee of the whole and made the special or
der to follow the reading of the journal
to-morrow morning.
Adjournment was then taken until 10
o'clock to-morrow morning.
THE INAUGURAL PARADE.
A Most Creditable Turnout of Mili-
tary Is Promised.
CAI.T, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
: MENTO, Jan. ?<■ — The arrangements for
the military display at to-morrow's in
-1 augural ceremonies are completed, and
the turnout promises to be most credita
ble. General Barrett, who has Just been
retired as adjutant general of the State,
arrived from San Francisco to-night, ac
companied by Brigadier General R. H.
Warfield, commanding 1 the Second Brig
ade, his staff and members of the staff of
Governor Budd, and Major General Dick
inson, as follows:
Governor's staff— Colonels Sanburn, Doo
little, Young, Fitzgerald, Andrews and
Choynski.
General Dickinson's staff — Colonels
Clough. Miles, Huber and Barrere; Ma
jors Fitzgerald and Sohmitt.
General "Wartteld's staff— "Colonels Gelst
ing and Hanson, Majors Jansen. Hosmer,
Margo, Evans and Wegener, and Ser
geant Major Crosby.
At 11:40 p. m. the Second Brigade Sig
nal Corps, forty strong, and Company A,
Fifth Infantry, of Oakland, sixty members
arrived. The San Franclcco Signal Corps
was met the depot by the local corps and
escorted to the latter's armory, where
lunch was served. Company A was quar
tered at the Western Hotel.
Two divisions of the San Francisco na
val reserves will arrive in the morning to
participate in the parade.
VICTOR NAPOLEON
PLANNING A COUP
Paris Paper Says the Prince Will
Have the Full Support of His
Brother.
PARIS, Jan. 4.— The Matin this morn
ing publishes an interview with a prom
inent Bonapartist purporting to give the
gist of Prince Victor Napoleon's state
ments to his committee the other day at
Brussels.
This represents him as preparing assid
uously for a coup which he is fully re
solved to execute. Prince Victor, how
ever, is hostile to all useless manifesta
tions. His brother. Prince Louis Napo
leon, will be found beside him on the day
of action. They are "closely united in
warm and sincere affection."
FORMS OF CONTRACTS
TO GOVERN PACKERS
Stringent Provisions Adopted by the
California Raisin Growers'
Association.
FRESNO. Jan. 3.— A meeting of the
! California Raisin Growers' Association
! was held here to-day at which delegates
1 from all parts of the State were present.
The entire day was devoted to the con
j slderation of forms of contracts which
\ shall govern the growers and packers in
, the combine. Two contracts were adopted
| to govern the packers, one for the pri
| vate and co-operative packers and the
• other for the commercial packers. The
former is very stringent in its provisions
' and gives the association complete con
trol of the goods handled by the packers,
i The association expects to sell directly
i all raisins packed under this contract.
The contract with the commercial pack
ers is the same except that they .'ire per
mitted to buy the goods which they pack
and to sell the same on a 5 per cent com
; mission, not more than 24 per cent of
which may go for Eastern brokers under
j penalty of forfeiture of the entire corn-
mission. The form of the proposed con
tract has not been submitted to the pack
ers and it is not thought that they will
accept It.
The contract with the growers Is practi
cally the same as that of last year, except
that it is revised to avoia the anti-trust
law. Each grower signing it turns over
an undivided 5 per cent interest In his
crop to the association in consideration
of $1 and the services of the association
in grading and marketing the crop.
The proceedings were very harmonious
and most of the forms were adopted
unanimously. The growers are deter
mined to "exterminate the commercial
packers and probably will succeed if the
present form of contract holds.
SIAMESE GOVERNMENT
COMPLAINS TO FRANCE
Blames a Paris Agent for the Recent
Conflict at Lunog Pro
bang.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISSS, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SINGAPORE, Jan. 3.— The Siamese
Government blames the French agent for
the conflict about which I have already
cabled. It has instructed the Siamese
Legation at Paris to complain to the
French Government.
NEW "YORK, Jan. 3.— A special cable to
the Herald on December 24 last stated
the French agent at Lunog Probang, hav
ing ordered a Siamese armed force to
evacuate the twenty-five kilometer zone
in accordance with the treaty of 1893, the
Siamese refused and fired on the French
agent and his party.
DUELIST TOO SCARED
TO SHOOT STRAIGHT
Ludicrous Affair of Honor Between
Baron Banffy and M. Horanz
sky at Vienna.
LONDON, Jan. 4.— The Vienna corres
pondent of the Daily Mail says: The duel
between Baron Banffy and M. Horanzsky
was a ludicrous? affair. The seconds had
arranged a fight to the death at twenty
paces. M. Horanzsky, however, when he
faced his opponent was agitated beyond
all control, and Baron Banffy was hardly
more comfortable.
Each discharged four shots, but all so
wide of the mark that the bullets were
found lodged in the roof or high on the
walls of the riding school where the en- i
counter took place. The duellists finally
left the building, scowling fiercely at each
other.
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
MAY NOT BE SENT
Report From Rome That He Will Not
Represent America at the Czar's
Conference.
LONDON. Jan. 4.— The Rome corre
spondent of the Daily Mail say?: "The
Pope will forbid Archbishop Ireland to
represent the United States at the dis-
armament conference, because the Vati
can is not to be represented."
VICTIM OF THE STORM.
Young Miner Found Dying on tne
Mountains Near Redding.
REDDING, Jan. 3.— One fatality Is re
ported as the result of the heavy storm
of the past few days. A young man
named Harkness and his winter partner
started on Sunday from their mining
property on Clear Creek for Shasta to
procure supplies. On the divide between
the two points Harknesa became ex
hausted. His partner hurried on to ob
tain assistance.
Several Shastaites started on horseback
to rescue Harkness. They found him un
conscious. A lar^e dog belonging to
Harkness was lying down on his body.
and the warmth from the canine probably
was all that kept the man alive. The
party of rescuers succeeded in restoring
the young miner to consciousness and
hurried him to the county hospital, but
he passed away after having been there
a couple of hours.
EVIDENCE OF MUEDER.
Patrick O'Connor Was Dead Before
Struck by a Train.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3. — Patrick
O'Connor, a section hand in the employ ]
Of 'the Southern Pacific Company at West j
Glerdnle. was found lying upon the track
dead and badly mangier! this morning. At -
first it was believed that he had been run
over last night by the San Francisco
train while in an intoxicated condition,
but later developments point to murder.
When the body was brought to this city
a cursory examination showed a bullet
hole in the left side of the neck, which is
powder burned. The missile traversed I
the neck and came out back of the right
ear. The other injuries upon the body,
those undoubtedly caused by the locomo
tive after O'Connor was dead, are a
crushed forehead and left side of the face
and the right arm cut off. The Coroner
will make an investigation to-morrow.
Cost of New Warships.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— Secretary
Long has completed detailed estimates for
Congress for the fifteen new warships he
recommended to be constructed in hln an
nual report. The figures are: For arma
ment Rnd armor for all the ships, $14.15«,
--400; for constuction and engineering,
J36.100.500.
GOVERNOR GAGE IS
IN A POUTING MOOD
He More Than Justifies the Remarkable
Prophecy of His Friends.
In an Absurd Effort to Inflict Punishment for Criticism
He Places the Associated Press to Great
Inconvenience.
Governor-elect Henry T. Gage has more ]
than justified by his ar-tions the prophecy i
of his friends. They declared in all truth j
that he had never held public office and
would act as if he had not if he were i
elected Governor. The dearest friend of !
the chief executive could not ask him to j
act more unlike a public officer than he
has already done. The Governor-elect is
pouting. As a child posing in a new j
gown before a mirror and trying to be im
portant he has made himself ridiculous.
Whore he sought to punish he has simply
amused.
Governor-elect Gage will assume his
gown of office to-day and will deliver an
Inaugural address. As a document of
state the paper will be of public impor
tance irrespective of the personal charac
ter of its creator. It has been the cus
tom for years beyond memory.for public
officers, such as Presidents of the United
States and Governors of States, to give
advance copies of their messages and im
portant addresses to the Associated Press.
This is done as a matter of convenience
and to insure absolute accuracy in tele
graphic transmission. There is always a
condition that the documents so received
shall not be released until permission is
given. In the history of the Associated
Press this condition has never been vio
lated.
In accordance with the custom a repre
sentative of the Associated Press called
upon Governor-elect Gage and asked him
for an advance copy of his inaugural ad
dress, at the same time giving the chief
executive the positive assurance that the
document would not be released until
permission was given. Mr. Gage emphat
ically refused to give the Associated Press
a cofiy.
"I would be pleased to see every paper
in the State have It." he said, "with the
exception of The Call. 1 am in a row with
that paper ami I do not want it to have
a copy of my address. I understand The
Call is a member of the Associated Press
and I cannot give you a copy."
The representative of the Associated
Press pleaded that it would be obviously
linji st to inconvenience the newspapers
of the State simply because Mr. Gage and
Th Call do not agree. The representa
tive promised that the Governor-elect
had thousands of precedents for giving
his address under seal. Presidents of the
United States and Governors had done
so before him and absolute faith had
been kept. The silly gentleman was ob
durate and the more stubborn he became
the larger grew the projected image of
« •« ''! b n 1 1 1 ll§^ & ! c^*'*'
I Value $15.00
I Saved.. 7.05
I Price $7.95
I The tremendous success of. this
I great Suit and Overcoat Sale induces
I us to continue it another week—
I $15.00 Suits and Overcoats for |
I $7.95. We have surpassed all pre- |
I vious efforts and far outdone all of
I our competitors, for these Suits and i
Overcoats are good values in any |
store at 1 5.00.
j
The Suits are all wool and the latest patterns and *
designs in Cheviots, Serges, Tweeds, Diagonals and Wor- *
steds. The Overcoats ' are all wool in fine Blue Kerseys, j
v Oxford Mixtures and Tan Coverts. Both Suits and Over- \
coats are absolutely correct^ style and perfect in fit.
We make them ourselves and guarantee both I
quality and workmanship to be first class in every respect.
If you are at all dissatisfied with your purchase, return it \
and we will give you \
q)O*UU.
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market Street. I
himself which his imagination had cre
ated.
"Governors and Presidents are no pre
cedents fur me," he declared. "You will
not git my message until it is delivered
to the Legislature.
The representative of the Associated
Press returned three times to his task,
but Mr. Gage, with increasing petulance,
which In a child provokes spanking, was
firmer in his refusal.
Ho unnecessarily disturbs himself with
a foolish belief that he will punish The
Call by refusing to give his message, un
der Beal, in advance. He should relieve
his mind of its delusion. Mr. Gage is not
punishing The Call, and cannot. The Call
does not wish his address in advance, as
it is equipped to obtain the news and will
do so. The Call is chagrined, however, to
discover that the mental horizon of Mr.
Gage has not broadened to the necessities
of the high position he occupies.
Mr. Gage construes Into enmity a legit
imate criticism of his acts. He believes
that bCbause criticism follows his alliance
with a knavish politician and a' blackleg
Police Commissioner, the critic is an en
emy. Mr. Gage is a public officer, and as
auch is more powerful for good or evil
than he was a few months. ago. When he
s Dan Burns on one side of him ami
Mose Gunst on the other he should lie
denounced. When he refuses to extend
a simple courtesy to th<» Associated Press
he should be spanked like a petulant child.
The Call will publish his inaugural ad
dress. ____________
STEAMSHIP CATANIA
IS IN DIRE STRAITS
Gale Prevents the Transport Mesaba
Assisting a Vessel in
Distress.
LONDON, Jan. 3 —The Atlantic trans
port steamer Mesaba, Captain Layland,
from New York December 24 for London,
passed Prawle Point in-day and reported
that she had spoken the American steam
ship Catania. Captain Furlong, from Glas
gow December 17 for New York, in lati
tude 48, longitude 38, in distress. Her
decks were swept and she. asked for as
sistance. Such a severe gale was raging
that the Mesaba was unable to help her,
though she waited for seven hours for a
chance to do so.
The Catania is an iron schooner-rigged
screw steamer, built at Glasgow In
She registered 2635 tons gross and 1942* tons
net. She belongs to the Tweedie Trading
Company of New York.
34
GOVERNOR BUDD TELLS OF THE
STATE OF THE COMMONWEALTH
FAREWELL WORDS IF TIE
JOIRMC EXECUTIVE
Recommendations and Suggestions to the
oo
Incoming Administration.
Comments on Public Institutions and Their Management
and a Criticism of the Affairs of the
Ferry Depot,
Following is the full text of Governor
biennial message to the
Legislature of the state of California.:
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT. ]
STATE OF CALIFORNIA, \
. January 3. 1899. '
To thi B ind Assembly:
Gentlemen—] yield to my successor,
with greater pleasure than 1 received
from my predecessor, the Governorship
of the State of California. When 1 wius
inaugurated the financial condition of the
ua- deplorable; and the task I
me, with a Legislature composed of polit
ical was a formidable one.
For a number of years the State had
been under a financial cloud, and had pur-
B slipshod, down-at-the-heel, bor
ruw-from-Peter-to-pay-Paul policy.
Payment* of its debts were delayed,
and its warrants were at a discount on
the street— a condition of affairs disgrace
ful at home and disastrous abroad.
Its Institutions were under neither sys
tematic nor uniform laws, the asylums
were tilling with those not entitled to
shelter and deficiencies were the order of
lay.
Bounties were paid on coyote scalps and
the indigent laws made the basis of gross
frauds.
The controller's estimates continued to;
ri to report, and the
igmented the amounts, be
yond all reason.
State property was at .loose ends; no 1
t whs tak^n thereof and no inven
givei or required.
Imitations of food filled the markets to
iriment of the real products of the
Iterations abounded everywhere,
and the laws of health were openly ig
•
our roads were a disgrace and the '
money spent upon them largely wasted j
throug-h ignorance of the art of road- '
building.
County governments existed by permis
sion only, as there was no constitutional
law regulating them.
Tax sharks thrived on the distress of
I "|'ie.
our codes were practically shapeless,!
ssor had urged the crea- !
iron** of a commission to put them in
form.
The University of California suffered
from tack of funds and proper buildings
had twice been denied the Affiliated Col
.
Uess taxation was placed on the '
people for the useless institutions that
had sprung up.
This was, in part, the condition of the
when l assumed the responsiblll
t this office. As I relinquish them
Jam glad to say that all these con litiona
have undergone a radical and permanent
change.
Of the many-
State funds there
are four which de
rive their revenue
in whole or in part
from- a- tax on real
and personal prop
erty. These are:
.1. The unlversU
ty fund, for which
the law provides annually two cents
on every hundred dollars of value of
..property in the State. This •Is a fixed
charge and a "continuing" appropria
tion.
Discussion
of the
State Funds.
2. The interest and sinking fund which
providi s $141,435 annually
certa ■ ■: Id by th« -
Treasury in trust for ttx- Wtat<- c
fund and university fund, and for .
belonging to the endow
ment fund of the university. The amount
to be raised for this fund is also fixed by
law.
3. The State school fund. This is the
fund fr..m which the State's portion of
the expenses of our common schools are
apportioned.
4. The gen< r.tl fund. This is the fund
from which tiie ordinary expenses of the
State government other than for school
purpost a ;iri i>aid.
The only three of these funds which
are included in the tax levy bill and law
are:
1. The Interest and sinking fund.
2. The school fund.
3. The general fund.
The first of these (the interest and sink
•ut one source of revenue
—taxes. The second (the school fund) has
al minor sources of Yevenue but
the principal one is the ad valorem tax
on real and personal property The
amoui ■ raised for this "school
fund does not depend upon the action
"' l . !;i "'re nor of the Governor,
the basis of each census
i«es of 5 and 17 [ts
.ii no manner controlled
by either the Legislature I rnor
nor do Its accounts : the si rutlny <■(
Board ol Examiners, ii Is ap
portioned "by the Superintendent and
paid "in upon the Controller's warrants." '
third fund it!. | fund) is
up principally from a tax on real
and personal property, tixtd by the tax
law at each session of the Legisla
ture. [1 is the fund from which appro
priation:--, claims against the State and
ordini es are usually paid. The
amount Included in the tax levy bill for
this fund determines whether we will
have high or low taxes. All the others—
the Interest, the university and s
funds—are fixed by existing laws and de-
Lermlned by established conditions
It is the theory of the Government that
the amounts included in the tax levy bill
for that fund shall be sufficient with
moneys on hand to pay off all appropria
inade during the session.
Whether or not the amount of the ve
toed items or bills be Included In the tax
!<-vy bill, the veto itself is a saying to the
people, for but for it the amounts vetoed
must be paid.
As its name indicates, the general fund
is the all important one. This has been
r< cognized by Covernors. by Treasurers
and by Controllers, and the condition of !
this fund has excited their utmost care
and solicitude, because when It is ex
hausted tin- credit of the State is im
paired and claims against it go unpaid.
To maintain this fund, to pay
ors of the Btate as their debts accrue
and to prevent the hawking of the
troller's warrants on the street are things
nii.^t desirable. Yet so careless 1;,,
Ptate been In the past, so intent i:
cials !n straining every energy to gain
what is called a low tax rate (a thing of
no particular significance, unless related
to a fixed valuation of property, a« will
be shown hereafter), that the State hns,
year by year, willfully permitted the
g.-.'irra! fund to become exhausted, and its
creditors— the merchants and mechanics,
the contractors and laborers, doing busi
ness with the State— to wait for months
at a time for their money, or has com
pelled the Controller to make transfers of
hundreds of thousands of dollars annually
to save its credit.
When I became
Governor the bal
ance in the general
fund was so small
and the demands
against it so large
that its exhaustion
long prior to the
commencement of
General Fund
in State
of Depletion.
"* ~~ ♦ my lirst fiscajapear
was a certainty. The fund became ex
hausted in May, 1895. It became exhausted
again in July. 1895. and so remained until
December, 1895, when the first installment
of taxes for the forty-seventh fiscal year
was paid into the general treasury.
This condition of affairs was the usual
one. Against it a previous Governor had
protested, the retiring State Treasurer in
1894 had detailed with much feeling the
dishonor in this conduct of the State and
the Stale <'omroller, in his report of De
cember 15. IJ>!<4. said:
"On June 9, 1593. the general fund be
came exhausted, and at the close of the
fiscal year. June 89, it had been over
drawn to the extent of $136,012 0(j, as is
shown in the foregoing summary. Cash
payments were not resumed until the Ist
of January following, at which time this
amount of outstanding warrants was
over $1,5'"h).i<00."
This statement the Legislature should
ponder, for the spectacle of a great State
like California having its warrants in the
streets to the amount of $1,500,000 at a
time is most discreditable. This occurred
in December, 1593. Further and properly
the Controller said:
"That such a condition of affairs should
exist at any time is to he deplored, but
it was especially unfortunate at that
particular time, as the State was suffering
' greatly from the gent-ral financial dis
tress then prevailing, and to have the
> State suspend payment subjected numbers
i of contractors, merchants and employes
' of the State to great Inconvenience and
no small pecuniary loss. This condition
; of the general funu is not unusual. It has
I been exhausted, with few exceptions, ever
! since the foundation of the State, but it
| can and should be guarded against in the
future, and I cannot impress too strongly
upon your Excellency and the Legislature
i the necessity of so doing."
In 1594 the Controller was compelled to
make a transfer of $860,000 from other
funds with which to meet the demands
against the general fund. (.See Controller's
letter, appendix A.)
The matter was so serious that I made
this condition of the general fund my
special care, and determined to remedy
the evil during my term of office.
a a To that end T re-
quired appropria
tion bills (concern-
Ing which I con
ferred with tho
Legislature) to con-
I tain a clause mak
ing the appropria
tions not available
How the
Fund Was
Replenished.
"* ▼■ until the January
following. I made it clear to the
chairmen of the Finance Committees of
the two houses that the tax levy bill for
the forty-seventh fiscal year must provide
! sufficient to pay the debts, deficiencies.
' overdrafts ;ind outstanding warrants of
previous administrations and such claims
as might legitimately come ncrninst the
fund: that a nne-twenty-fourth clause
should be Inserted in the genera] appro
, priation act to prevent deficiencies in the
; future, and that a sufficient surplus must
i be provided to leave a balance with which
to pay demands between the beginning of
a fiscal year and the payment of the first
installment of taxes.
>iy requests were cheerfully followed.
Two millions of appropriations made by
the Legislature were vetoed, and the ex
penditures from the fund were lessened
by some half million of dollars a year by
laws.
Through these matters combined, and
with $427,533 less in the tax levy bill for
the general fund than in the bill for the
two years ending June 30, 1891, the State
has been placed upon a firm cash basis.
As the Controller said in his report
of December 15, 1896:
"The general fund is now in a most
healthy condition, and should not be al
lowed to again become exhausted. As is
shown in the foregoing summary, the bal
m the fund on June 30 last was
1 ?J..")5719U 10, and at writing there still re
mains a heavy balance."
And in his report of December 15, 1898,
only a few days ago, he says:
"During the two fiscal years covered by
this report there has been no deficiency in
this fund. The balance on June : j ,u, 1898,
flown in the foregoing summary was
$2,001,093 71. At this writing (December 1,
there is a balance of $665,538 00, and
tills will be largely increased during the
present month by the incoming first mi
i stallation of State taxes."
Here, certainly, are changes in the
ial affairs of the State, of great b< ti
lt, accomplished under and by this
administration. At the same time ex
ttures from the general fund have
been reduced hundreds of thousands of
dollars annually.
The results of attempting to conduct
this State <vi overdrafts and transfer
funds is shown in the following table:
TAX LEVY FOR SUPPORT OF THE
GOVERNMENT GENERAL FUND
SHOW [NO THE DATE BACH YEAR
WHEN THE GENERAL FUND WAS
EXHAUSTED. AND WHEN PAY
MENT RESUMED.
July 1, 1869, to June 30. 1800— 54,822,970—
!.il fund exhausted, August 17 ISB9
-resumed payment, January, 1890- over
drawn. $m 2.132 48.
July I, 1890, to June 30, 1891— 53,199 140
July 1. 1891. to June 30, 1892— 52,622,674
July 1. 1592, to June 30. 1893— 52,766 964—
General fund exhausted, October 14, IS92 4
resumed payment, December, 1892; over
drawn, $.'i.v.i.7f ( .s 77: April 11. ]s<«, trans
ferred $300,000 to general fund; June 9 1593
general fund exhausted.
July 1. mvi. to June 30, 1894— 54 262 2°s—
Resumed payment, December, 18'j:i- over
drawn. $1.011 .754 63; April 10, 1894, general
fund exhausted.
July 1. 1594, to June 30, 1595, $3.312 920—
Res imed payment, May, 1594. Overdrawn
! $45,028 SS. On September 1, ISOI, trans
! ferred from other funds to general fund
$710,000, and again on November 6, 1594 an
additional $150,000, in order to carry the
general fund on a paying basis until the
December settlements of that year. But
. for this action the fund would have been
exhausted on September 7, and before
; payments could have been resumed the
I general fund would have b£en overdrawn
I to the extent of about $Sso7lOo.
I July 1, 1895, to June 30, 1596, $4,913,106-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, ,JANTJAHY 4, 1899.
I
General fund exhausted July 22, 1895. Re
sumed payment December, 1895. Over
drawn, $y25.973 51.
July 1, 1896, to June 30, 1597, $2,681,371—
No overdrafts. Amount in general fund,
$2.2^2,927.
July 1, 1897. to June 30, 1898, $2,553,802—
No overdrafts. Amount In general fund,
$2,001,003.
July 1, IS9B. to June 30, 1599, $2,553,602—
No overdrafts.
January l, 1899, amount In State Treas
ury to credit of general fund, $2,134,189 23.
The balance on January 1. 1895, was only
$1,145,016 34. Against which was $1,766.
--563 32 of available appropriations (de
mands), not including the estimated ex-
I'linjitun-s for orphans, lndigents, etc.
(Controller Colgan's letter of March 11,
1895, Appendix B.) Nor were the debts, de
ficiencies, etc.. of the past included.
Governor Waterman during the entire
first half of the fiscal year from July 1,
1890, to January 1, 1891, received from
property taxes only $187,218 94 in the gen
eral fund, and left therein when his term
expired, about January 1, 1891. $125,019 82,
to which was added during the month of
January, 1891, the first month of Governor
Markham's term, the sum of $1 .819.711 57,
which makes $1,944,731 39, the true balance
chargeable to Governor Markham.
The law provid
ing for the pay
ment of taxes in
two installments
did not take effect
until July 1, 1891. so
my predecessor re
ceived all the taxes
paid into the gen
eral fund for the
+—; . .+
i Effect of the
Change
in the Law. j
4 +
entire year covered by the last six
months of Governor Waterman's, and the
first six months of his own administra
tion as also the taxes for the last Fix
months he Berved, which were paid in the
month of December, 1594. By reason of
this law he received during his lirst six
months in office $3. 150, 197 91, being the en
tire tax levy tor the full forty-first year,
of which he served but six months, and
the sum of $2,198,775 21 for the last six
months he served, making, with the taxes
he received during the other years of his
term, $15, 15T, 175 "S.
Since my lirst fiscal year the amount
of the tax' levy bill for the General Fund
has born smaller than for any year since
the forty-third fiscal year. The causes of
the smallnesa of that year's fund are
stated in the Controller's report of 1592.
The attempt to make the tnx Levy bill for
the forty-third and forty-fourth fiscal
years low was followed by consequences
which might have been foreseen, i. c.,
thai the General Fund In 1892 and 1893 was
overdrawn and exhausted to the extent
of $1 971 113 00, a condition commented on
by the Controller in his report of 1594 as
most deplorable and leaving the creditors
of the State to hawk their warrants on
the public streets. <Sco Controller's let
ter of December 8, 1897, appended; also
Controller's report of December 15, 1594.J
The tax bill of 1595 for the General Fund
was nearly half a million dollars less than
the tax levy bill for the same fund for
the two years ending June 30, IS9I.
The tax levy bill for the last two years
of my administration for this fund is
$5,107,204. or less than for any preceding
period during eight years.
The appendix shows the levy for this
fund during the periods from July 1. IS9I,
to and including June 30, 1899.. both by
legislative periods and by years, as well
as the overdrafts or the immense trans
fers necessary to make the appropriation
sufficient.
Receipts From All Sources Into Gen
eral Fund.
January 1, 1891, to January 1, 1893.51« M*.™
January 1, 1895, to January 1. 1599. 14.1V<.24.>
Difference $1,868,713
Or nearly two million dollars less re
ceived into this fund during this than
during the preceding administration.
(Balances not included for reasons given
above and because the balance turned
over by mo to Governor Gage is far great
er than that turned over to me by my
predecessor, and it is not mortgaged to
such an extent, i
The receipts in which the taxpayer 13
most deeply Interested are the tax re
ceipts. Hence I give them separately.
Tax Receipts 1891 to 1809-
Jan. 1, 1891, to Jan. 1, 1895. total
tax receipts $U187,1.0 <S
Jan. 1. 1596. to Jan. 1, 1899. total
tax receipts i.i,b.>4,-ui *<
$1,532,763 SI
Or one million and a half less during
the last four years, notwithstanding the
se of State institutions, payment of
past debts, deficiencies, etc.
r rum oanuaij x, i
1881, to January 1,
1896, the expendi
tures from the |
General Fund were
$15,025,961 06. From
' January 1, 1895, to
January 1, 1599. the
expenditures from >
the General Fund
♦ *■
Eight Years
of
Disbursing.
> — +■
are 513.2;>7.144 07, or loss expenditures
in favor of this administration by
T! is is shown by the Controller s fig
uiv- Appendix D; !. c., there was expend
ed during the pasl four years, with its m
creased Institutions and inmates thereof,
and not deducting any debts of the form
er four years, nearly two million dollars
less
Bui as the expenditures from this fund
for this administration include the Affili
ated Colleges and other buildings, the ex
oendltures tor the previous four years
ought to include, as they do not. certain
buildings constructed from tax funds
made special and thus prevented from be
in* subject to draft, on the General
Fund costing in all $585,000 00.
In order to arrive at a true difference
between the cost of the previous admin-
Stratiori and this, from this fund we
must deduct from this administration the
amount it raid for the former one ami
add to the former one the debts paid for
soloing and assuming the least pos
sible claimed expenditure for deduction
we have:
Expenditures January 1. 1891.
to January 1, 1890 .... .$15,020,961 06
Paid by this for past admin
istration 1,000,000 w
Total $16,025,961 06
Expenditures' January 1, 1895,
to January 1, 1899 $13,207,144 07
Deducting for expenditures for
past administrations 1,000.000 00
Total $12,257,144 07
Thus making the cost from the general
fund properly chargeable to this adminis
tration $3,768,896 19 less than for the pre
ceding administration.
I give in appendix D by years and half
years the Controller's figures for the ex
penditures from this fund.
Should we include buildings above men
■', the difference would be over $4,-
Balance.s in General Fund at End of
Each Year.
Th balances on hand in this fund at the
beginning of each of the fiscal years for
al years past have been:
Overdrawn. Balance.
For the year ending
June 30, 1893 $136,012 96 ...
For the year ending ■—,--»
June 30, 18M «... $777,062 00
For the year ending
June 30, LBS6 227,247 00
For the year ending *
June 30, 1596 2,2^7,290 00
For the year ending
June 30, 1897 2,232,727 00
For the year ending
June 30, IS9B 2,001,093 00
For the year ending
June 30, 1899 (esti
mated) 2,000,030 00
The balance was $227,247 at the begin
ning of my first fiscal year. Since then
it has been yearly over two million dol
lars. Nor has there been a. single de
ficiency in the general fund since Decem
ber, 1895. And the balance at the begin
ning of Governor Gage's first fiscal year,
July 1, 1899, should be over $2,000,000.
-*. With the Gover-
nor and both
branches of the
Legislature of the
same political faith
it will be easy to
keep this large bal
ance In the general
fund and to main-
Easy to Save
the
State Credit.
■♦ f tain the credit of
the State as we have established it.
But If either endeavor to economize by
lessening the amount of the school fund
apportionment. It will have to be done
! by reducing the amount to be raised each
! year for each school census child, a crip
! pllng- of the schools and a reduction of
j the .salaries of the teachers. This Is a
, proposition that has been advanced here-
I tofore, but has not found favor, nor
should it.
The number of State institutions and
inmates maintained during the past four
years largely exceed those maintained in
former years, as the following table
shows:
Average
„ Institutions. Population.
1889 11 5479
1890-93 13 8630
18»4 16 7175
1895-98 16 8078
Thus, with more institutions and more
i inmates, the general cost to the State has
been much less than during the former
administrations.
The laws of this State make the Con
| troller its bookkeeper and the superin
i tendent of its finances. His function*
and responsibilities are greater than those
of any other officer, the Governor ex
| cepted, and his recommendations are en
i titled to the most profound consideration,
it is largely because of the lack of con
sideration given to the recommendations
of Controllers that the affairs of this
State, during the eight years preceding
this administration, became so tangled
and expensive, and the deficiencies of the
; general fund so great. While the State
! has now been established on a cash basis
1 and there is a very large sum in the gen
■ eral fund, it may be easily dissipated if
the present legislators' disregard the Con
troller's recommendations. To show to
what extent his estimate of the expenses
of the government has been ignored, 1
call your attention to the following brief
table:
_ Estimated. Tax Levy.
December, ISSS— For two
years ending June, 1891. 54, 144,520 00 |5,022,010
December, IS9o— For two
years ending June. 1893. 4,332,870 00 6,379,638
December, 1892— For two
I years ending June, 189 J. 5,660,890 00 7,575,145 j
December, 1894— For two
years ending June. 1887. 7,076,066 66 7,594,477 !
December, IS96— For two
years ending June, 1899. 6,027.164 16 5,107,204 !
The estimate for 1896 (after I had been !
in office two years) was less by over a '■
million dollars than the estimate of 1894, I
and the tax levy law cut this down by !
nearly a million more. It was the first I
I reduction in the estimate since ISSS, al- i
though the State is now on a cash basis
and has more institutions and many more
wards to maintain.
In accordance
with my avowed
policy, 1 have ve
toed a large num
ber of appropria
tion billsand items.
This was necessary
to keep the ex
penses of the State
within a certain
4 «-
Veto Saved
Over
Four Million.
*-. <■
I limit, to provide for proper past
claims, to place the State on a cash basis,
and to prevent the constant exhaustion
of the genera] fund.
While the veto of items may or may
not have been included in the tax levy
bill, still each appropriation, and each
item— had it been allowed— would finally
have become a claim against the treasury
and been paid by a tax upon the people.
The vetoes for the sessions of 1595 and
1897, inclusive, amounted to $4,421,210 73, of
which four millions is a saving to the
people.
Yet when we consider the liberality with
which appropriations have been allowed j
during this administration— the debris
fund, $250,000! improvements of our chan
nels and rivers, $300,000; the establishment
of a normal school at San Diego, addi
tional buildings elsewhere, a university
tax of 2 cents in place of 1, and an in
crease of revenue sufficient to place the
State on a cash basis and pay off the
deficiencies and debts of previous admin
istrations—it cannot be claimed that the
veto power was too severely used, al
though the amounts exceeded the com
bined vetoes of all other Governors of the
State of California.
This saving of over four millions of dol
lars by vetoes in two sessions, or, an
amount sufficient to conduct the ordi
nary expenses of the State, other than
schools, for one full year, is a matter of
no little satisfaction to myself, and of ma-
I terial benefit to the taxpayers of the
I State.
At the close of each session of the Leg
islature, and usually upon the last day
MiP as ™ hat is known 'is the tax levy
bill. This bill provides that the Board of
Equalization shall raise: For the general
fund a certain amount named; for the in
terest and sinking fund a certain amount
named; for the school fund a certain
amount named. It further provides that
5 per cent shall be allowed for defaults.
1 he theory of our government is that the
to X nJv. V ;\, Shal i, raise a cient amount
to pay the ordinary expenses of the gov
theTegistafure a HP ro P r 'ations made by
Appropriation bills do not usually pro
vide for raising the amount appropriated
hut they direct that such sums shall be
paid from any moneys "in trie general
fund not otherwise appropriated." UsuaN
ly appropriations have been lar- - in ex
cess of the amount of the tax lew law.
his is a vicious practice, It requires the
Governor &Z ita V use the veto power lib
erally or allow of appropriations that will
quickly exhaust avaiia.^e moneva in the
treasury. To stop such conditions and to
lessen the burdens of the taxnayers I ve
toed upward of $4,421,216 73. M>ers ' x c
'« A \'^- also by s P e < ial message of March
20, 1897. demanded a reduction of the tax
levy bill, stating that unless reduced it
would be vetoed by me. and in this man
ner saved nearly one million of do liars
A\hcn the tax levy bill is pending the
Legislature and the Executive calculate a
* ax levy of so many cents upon the hun
dred dollars, assuming that the valuation
{L Pri} Pho ty a l n a mowing State will no"
fall. The tax rate ' however Is a matter
with l which the Legislature has little to
do, although a high rate Is always
ThV 8 t« W lB ! 1 V ls , a l in of commission
lhe tax rate Is fixed by the Board of
tilry 11 mann and flxed largely ln an arbl -
During the four
years prior to my
inauguration, the
value of property
in California was
fixed by the Board
of Equalization at
never less for any
one year than $1.
--200.000.000. fSopPnn.
-h— _ 4.
Sudden Drop
of
Valuations.
-♦ i.
trollera report for IS-J6.) Yet the first
year after my inauguration the board
dropped the valuation to $1,133,282 013 in
consequence of which the rate per "one
hundred dollars of valuation was 6SM>
cents though under the least valuation
for the preceding four years it would have
been much lower than this.
The year following, owing to differences
In the board, the valuation was restored
to Its normal figure, being H,266,593 065
and the tax rates sunk to 42.9 cents on 'the
one hundred dollars, the lowest tax rate
ever reached in the State of California
The following year the valuation of
property was dropped again, and the rate
forced to 51 cents upon the one hundred
dollars.
This year certain members of the Board
<•(" Equalization telegraphed to Boards of
Supervisors sugesting they ask for a re
duction in the valuation in their counti.<
and many counties were reduced This
kind of equalization is very injurious to
the. State.
A high tax rate is injurious to any State
because people abroad, seeking "invest
ment, ask the rate, and do not understand
the causes that have led a Board of
Equalization to play battledore and shut
tlecock with State values. They do not
understand the combinations of equaliz
ers. They do understand, however, that
the constant shrinkage of values would
ordinarily indicate a retrograding instead
of a progressing State, and that low tax
rates destroy property as a basis for
loans.
The amount provided to be raised for
the forty-ninth fiscal year by the tax lew
law was $5,010,000. The tax rate was 5"l
cents. The amount provided by the same
law to be raised for the fiftieth fiscal year
is $5,010,000. exactly the same as that for
the forty-ninth fiscal year, and yet the
tax rate is 48.8 cents. Thus to raise the
same amount, a change of value makes a
difference of 2.2 cents in the tax rate.
1 hope the Legislature may find some
means of correcting this evil.
T d. sire, in passing, to state that the
amounts of the last three tax levy bills
are over a million three hundred thousand
dollars less than the pledge of my party.
On this subject I call attention to my
former recommendation:
"To equally and fairly provide for and
collect the revenue necessary for the sup
port of the Government is always the
I most serious duty of the State. The bur
i den of taxation so easily falls upon the
I material and tangible things, the real and
! personal property of a community, tnat
j the tendency is to levy upon such prop-
I erty-holding class an unjust share of
I taxation. Another numerous class of our
i people, in addition to such property, and
I often almost exclusive of it, are granted
! and enjoy under our laws an cx
i tremely valuable possession in the nature
of corporate rights, privileges and immu
nities. Such corporate advantages are
always beneficial, and often the source of
great profit. This class of property is
very difficult to assess or value, and it
| generally falls to contribute its just share
of revenue for the support of that gov
ernment by tiie sanction of which alone
it enjoys its existence. Our constitution
makers undoubtedly contemplated that
this class should be taxed for the benefit
of the State. I would, therefore, recom
mend that, under section 11, article XIII,
of the constitut.on, you formulate and Im
pose upon all corporations in this
State doing business for profit a gradu
ated income tax, so adjusted that they be
required to pay only such sums as are
strictly Just and fair, and that equal Jus-
The deeper one
investigates the
more he is im
pressed with the
need for some
change in our sys
tem of taxation,
and the sooner po
litical parties make
their State cam
paigns solely on State Issues and
matters of local concern during an elec
tion for State officers, the sooner will
the matter be solved.
The extent to which personal pronerty
of a peculiar kind escapes taxation is
showu by a reference to seventy-one es
tates in California, and by comparison of
the appraised value of this class of prop
erty with its assessed valuation for taxa-
Tax System
Must Be
Remodeled.
One decedent paid taxes on $19,729 of
personal property, whereas his personal
estate was appraised shortly afterward
at $6,684,914 28. Another paid taxes on
$oS7n, while his estate was appraised at
$1,41*2.209 S2.
And of the seventy-one estate? the ap
praisement of personality was $11,945,205*),
as against an assessed valuation of $188,
--414, and nearly a million of the personal
ity escaped assessment entirely.
There are two States in the Union— New
Jersey and Pennsylvania— which do not
tax lands or the improvements thereon at
all for State purposes; their taxation laws
have been in operation for many years
and have stood the tests of State and na
tional courts. They place the burden
where it belongs.
This is the most important board of the
State. Under its eye must pass every item
of expenditure from the general fund, ex
cept those of the National Guard.
A hurried glance at the proceedings be
fore any Board of Examiners during the
past eight years will prove the import
ance of this body.
One of the first
acts of this admin
istration was to en
deavor to have
passed a bill en
larging the powers
of this board. The
Power of the
Board of
Examiners.
X passed the
use, but was de
ted in the Sen
ate. I succeeded, however, in having
grafted upon the general appropriation
bill a clause known as the "one-twenty
fourth clause-, " by which all institutions
and departments, unless excepted there
from expressly, should expend one-twen
ty-fourth part nru.- of the two years' ap
propriation during any one month. This
gave to the board absolute control over
these expenditures, and concerning the
clause the report of the present board
says:
"Section 4— General appropriation and
the one-twenty-fourth proviso: In years
prior to the adoption of the one-twenty
rourth clause. State institutions frequently
overdrew their accounts, and toward the
end of the fiscal year the Board of j-x
--aminers would be c,ompelle3 to grant them
deficiences, as prisons arfd insane asylums
could not be closed and inmates turned
out. These grants ranged from live thou
sand to ninety thousand dollars for each
institution. This year not one institution
asked for a deficiency, as the board kept
strict watch on their monthly demands
and they kept within their limit."
The session of 1895 allowed over one
hundred thousand dollars deficiencies to
institutions alone, not including officers.
This year not a single institution has ap
plied for a deficiency. The financial con
dition of State institutions in this regard
from the forty-fifth to the fiftieth year
is shown in the folowing table:
For the two fiscal years ending
June HO. 1593, Agnews and
Napa saved $ 19,992 J5
For the two* fiscal years ending
June 30, 1597, the State institu
tions saved 80,230 96
At the present rate there will be
saved for the forty-ninth and
fiftieth fiscal years ending June
30, 1899 G0.577 81
A total savins of $101,100 92
The board has passed on claims amount
ing to $7.r)19.2."ii; has rejected claims
amounting to $46,840 79; has cut off claims
Items amounting to $102,932 24, being:
,i total saving of *ii:<. 77:? "2 during the past
ears, not Including the Bavlng in de
ficiencies. And ii' \vi take t'i'' disallow
lard of Examiners for the
two previous years ending December, 1896,
i; in. ike? a total of rejections of 1898,769 29
during the four years. I nommcml a care
ful perusal of these reports of this board,
i make the f.>l
lowing ri'fimmend
ations:
State officers
should riot be com
pelled to serve as
rs of the
Board of Ex a min
ers, but if the Leg
islature decides
that it must consist of them, then
the officers should be the Controller, the
Secretary of State and the Governor. The
one State officer who might, in any case,
advantagr-ously serve on the board is the
Controller, because of his position as su
perintendent of finance.
I would recommend that the Governor
and two State officers, to be designated by
him, shall constitute a Central State
Board, with full powers to advertise, and
let contracts, for all State supplies, with
the right of accepting all bids or any
parts thereof, for one or all of
them. That all State buildings, If
the cost is to succeed the sura
of $5000, be planned and constructed
under the provisions of an act with all the
guarding clauses of the building act of
1876, the Governor and other members of
the board to be the officers who shall ap
prove the plans and specifications thereof
•and changes therein, and they shall also
finally approve the letting of any contract
to any bidder for the construet.ioi of said
building or »ny part thereof.
j Suggestions
-
Made
for Reforms.
I .
The Ferry Building.
In this connection I -wish to state that
the San Francisco Hoard of Harbor Com
missioners have not acted under the act
of lhlG. .In lßTtn I endeavored as Governor
to have the Harbor Commissioners pro
ceed under said act, and urged that they
do so. The Attorney General of the State,
W. F. Fitzgerald, also Rave his opinion
that the act of 1876 was the one under
■which they should proceed. They refused
to comply with the act of IS7O. either as
to the original pinna or the specifications
thereof. As Governor, I further objected
to members of the board expending on
that building, foundation and superstruc
ture an amount in excess of $600,000, which
I deemed the full amount contemplated
by the people for that purpose. Acting
under legal advice, the then board, not
being of my appointees, again failed to
comply with my desires, and the Harbor
building, foundations and superstructure
were contracted for and constructed at a
cost of about $1,000,000, and not in any
manner under the act of 1876. I brought
the matter to the attention of the Legis
lature in my biennial of 1897, but it de
clined to interfere with the action of the
board (which was not of my appointment)
or to change the laws. Modification-! of
the original plans were made by a resolu
tion of the board in January, 1597, which !
modifications are the basis of the changes
made thereafter. The construction of this ]
building from the time it was authorized
by law to the time it was completed was
done in direct disregard and opposition to
my opinion, expressed to the Commission
ers themselves and to the Legislature of
the Stme of California.
This proposed
central board
should also have
the power to regu-
A Board to
Fix
All Salaries.
f quired to equalize
such wages so that equal services shall
receive equal pay by those employed in
conducting the State's business. It can
not be done now because there is no cen- •
tral board with full powers, and the local
pressure is often too great for the local
officials to withstand. In this connection, !
I desire to say that I appealed {<> the
Legislature in my biennial message to :
permit the State Board of Examiners to
limit the number of employes on the
water front of San Francisco and to
regulate their wages. I recognized that
when, in March, IS9O, a Democratic Board
of Harbor Commissioners turned the of-
Sees over to their successors they had
massed for the State and there was in the
treasury the sum of $190,000. and that such
moneys which had formerly been col- ;
licted would not be saved under the sys
tem in vogue. The Legislature again re- !
fused to allow the Board of Examiners i
to interfere with the employes of the Re
publican Harbor Commissioners, as they
had done two years before.
Unifoim Bookkeeping.
This central board should have the j
power of adopting a uniform system of
bookkeeping for the institutions of the
State It is one of our most needed re
forms.
The central board should be given en
larged powers of inquiry, general and j
supervisorial powers over all the institu-
Uons of the State, and appellate powers
over the action of any board. The Legis
lature will recognize, as I said in my in
augural, that the Governor is held re
sponsible in the eye of the people for the
conduct of the State, and especially of his
appointees, and therefore should have
some power over them.
It Is also a fact that It is the duty of !
the Legislature to legislate for and of i
the executive branch of the government
to carry on its institutions, and the I
sooner this is clearly considered and de- j
fined the better for the State it will be
in many respects.
People who, to
profit themselves,
send fruit or wine
or other products
of the State abroad
in either a dis
eased or an adul-
Punishment
for All
Adulterators.
terated condition,
should be most Be
■» t ven-ly punished.
The fruit products of this State havi,
advanced within the last few years be
yond all hope of home consumption: and
unless a foreign market can be obtained
the trees or vines, as the case may be, will
have to be cut down and the lands used
for other purposes.
At a meeting of the Board of Repents
on the 13th of last December, one of its
most careful and conservative members
Regent Hallidle, stated that of our fruits
shipped abroad much was infested with
scale, and for these reasons was rejected.
If publications be correct, the markets
•if the Old World are being closed against
us by reason of this same lack of care,
or worse, on the part of our shippers.
Within the last month a report came
from Mexico of the seizure of California
wines because of their injurious adultera
tion. When the battleship Wisconsin wa.3
launched in San Francisco recently a
prejudice against our wine made itself
manifest, as the people from the East who
christened the ship did so with wines of
foreign production.
At the Peace Jubilee our wines were
excluded from the list. During the last
session of the Legislature a pure wine
law bill was passed, which I could not
approve because of its manifest Imperfec
tions. I would recommend that a law
be enacted making it a felony or a mis
dexneanor—in the discretion of the trial
court— for any person to ship to a foreign
market, either intentionally or through
criminal negligence, diseased fruits or
adulterated wine or food.
No improvement can be made on the
pure food law of March 26, 1895. The law
is short and comprehensive. It has ac
complished great good since its passage,
and should this Legislature impose on the
State and local Boards of Health the en
forcement of the same it will accomplish
all that can be desired by the most en
thusiastic advocates of food regulations.
Your honorable
body should cer
tainly consider the
passage of some
proper quarantine
law for cattle. This
subject has been
the cause of much
hard work on the
-» : *■ part of State offi
cials and boards. Twice have eminent
physicians been sent to Washington, D.
D., in the hope of bettering our condition.
Twice it has been necessary to request
District Attorneys to enforce strictly the
criminal statute of 1893. and almost con
stantly the executive of the State, or the
Secretary of State Board of Health, has
been engaged in correspondence and in
vestigations on the subject. The present
quarantine law is Insufficient. Under the
opinion of the Attorney General of this
State the contagious disease fund is ap
plicable to contagious or Infectious dis
eases of human beings only. A taw should
be passed giving full power to the State
Board of Health to employ such assist
ance as may be necessary, and the mon
eys in the contagious disease fund should
be made to apply i:, cases of cattle quar
antine in the same manner and to the
same extent that they now do in cases
of human quarantine.
The Department of Agriculture has re
lieved our condition. Its agents, with
those of the State, have worked diligent
ly. The quarantine lines, to meet the
varying conditions, have .been changed
but we have no proper laws to protect
these lines. During the dry season I was
compelled to appeal to the Governors of
other States for permission to transport
and feed inspected cattle in their States
Had the cattlemen of California seen the
necessity for action in this matter
sooner and aided the efforts of the exec
utive to secure the passage of a proper
law as recommended, they would not
have suffered so severely during the last
dry season.
It may seem peculiar that a State
which has spent on agricultural societies
within a few years $1,054,229 should not
have on the statute books a proper law
to protect its cattle, horses, sheep or
other animals or fowls, yet such is the
fact, and under the law public funds can
not be directly used for such protection.
During this administration the subject
of health has been much discussed in the
State, owing to the passage of pure food
laws by the Legislature, and the energet
ic and untiring efforts of the San Kran
cisco Board of Health., which has estab
lished and enforced the best sanitary reg
ulations in. that city.
I again call at
tention to the nui
sance at Polsom.
The Stata Board
of Health has pro
nounced against it
and called atten
tion to the un
healthy condition
_. ▼ of affairs existing
there. The last Legislature failed
to provide means to remedy the evil,
though it was recommended. A deficien
cy was allowed in June. IS9<V by the State
Board of Examiners for this purpose. It
has not been used, as the board pre
ferred to lay the matter before the Legis
lature. This evil should be remedied, for
there is no reason why the waters of a
stream from which the people of the cap
ital pump water for domestic purposes
should be polluted in this manner.
Prior to 1889, there were in California
but eleven State institutions. The popu
lation of these was but 5479. With inex
pensive additions to the buildings and a
few more attendants the State could have
handled the natural increase of inmates
for twenty years. The Legislature passed
laws increasing the asylums from three
to five, although it had been reported two
years previous by the superintendent of
the Stockton Asylum that that institu
tion had carried on its records for many
years a large number of inmates not en
titled to admission thereto. If we must
retain this class in State institutions it
should be in one not designated as an in
sane asylum.
As an example of economical and ef- ■
ficient management of a public institu- i
Quarantine
Law
for Cattle.
The Folsom
Prison
Nuisance.
tion of this class I call attention to the
San Francisco City and County Alms
house, under the supervision "f Captain
E. A. Reddy, whirr the inmates, averag
ing 961, cost but 29 9-10 cents per day, in
cluded in which amount arc numerous
and valuable improvements which have
been mad.- for the benefit and welfare of
tin- city's wards.
I call attention to rerommendations on
this subject in my rirst biennial, as I be
lieve tin State should be conducted on
► This institution
has been specially
l.' wired during the
four yeara
and is now in a
nourishing condi
tion. In 1H95 the
!.■ Lrislature pass* d
.-in act appropriate
' Ing (250,000 for the
rucuon oi Araliated College buiid-
Ings in .Sari Francisco. The site, a magnt
waa donated by the late Mayor
an>i a series of buildings have been
ned without the Regent 3;
calling: on the State for one dollar beyond
tne actual appropriation, the Regents
naving regarded the request of the exec
utive that the construction be under the
provisions of the building act of 1876.
J he liberality of the Legislature is ap
preciated bj the people of this State. It
was a proud occasion when one of the
first graduates of the University of Cali
fornia, could, as its Governor, sign such
a. law, and. as president of its Regents,
assist in putting- it into ■ effect Besides
tnls - ! indlng the uni
versity crippled for funds, passed a bill
providing that 2 cents should be raised./
for the university in place of the 1 cent,
it had had before. This bill passed unani
mously, and, whore so many aided man
iullv in the good cause, it would be im
possible to give special credit, but— as
every member of the Legislature will
recognize— the unanimity with which tha
bill was passed was largely duo to the ef
forts of Assemblyman Wright of Alameda.,
Since these two generous acts thp strides
of the university have been powerful, and
with the new vigor instilled and the
younger blood to be infused, we may ex
pect this institution, so long conducted
with such care and propriety, soon to
take its place among the great universi
ties of the world. For its material, sys
tematic and harmonious growth we are
largely indebted to our private citizens.
In the name of the State I desire to
publicly thank Mrs. Phebe Hearst, Mir*
Jennie Flood, Louis Sloss, the Alaska Seal
Company and others for their munificent
gifts to this great institution during my
administration.
Praise for
the
University.
4—
Our Normal Schools.
Our normal work has greatly improved
under the new laws. Each institution is
better and stronger than ever before, and
its attendance much larger. The presi
dents all commend the new law, which
has enabled them to work in so much
unison and to such great advantage. I
cannot better express my opinion on this
subject than in the language of the re
ports herewith transmitted.
The State Prisons.
For the reasons stated In my biennial,
the State prisons should be consolidated.
The Legislature should close San Quen
tin, enlarge Folsom and turn one of our
reform schools into a prison for first
termers. In any event, one of our reform
schools should be turned into a prison for
first-termers, work given, to fit them for
honest employment, and 10 per cent of
their earnings laid aside with which to
start in life when their terms have ex
pired.
.4 4. The long sen-
tences prevalent in
this State are mat
ters for severe con
demnation. The
practice not only
fills our prisons,
but shuts out hope
from the offenders.
When we make a
Sentences
Are
Too Long.
-♦ — ■ — : — — ♦-
comparison with other States of th»
KING OF ALL
That is loud praise, but the great
specific for all kinds of nervous debility
that is owned alone by the celebrated
doctors of the Hudson Medical Institute
deserves to be called King, for It is
all-conquering. It's known as "Hud-
yan," and as well as being so strong?
and swift in action it. is perfectly harm-
less. ;^:-\ '
TO-DAY
You may be a weak, half-paralyzed
mortal, shivering, blue and fit to fall'
in the street, but this grand remedy
can do what no other remedy — stop "
the mischief in a month., Drains do
cease in ten days — they DO —
and life, light and full, unutterable joy
come back like sunshine after rain. Try
it at once, and then you will be one
more voice added to those who sing-
"The only thing
IS HUOYAN."
You have but to write to the Institute
or call there and you will be given,
convincing proof of what this grandest
of all remedies can do. Write. for cir-
culars. If you suffer from any form,
of blood poisoning the. "30-day blood
cure" will be found to be as firm and
true a friend to you as is "Hudyari "
The great doctors give their advice
free, too, and as you surely want to
live act wisely and act to-day.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, cal.
I 9" PALACE wj
I GRAND HQ Tmm*
0 »Ati FKANCISCO. jjj
Connected by a covered passageway. • *■.
J* 140Q.Rooms-900 With Bath Attaohod. Q
O Ail Under One Management. Q
0 I'OTI THS P21053: . • ; ' n
D European Plan. SI .OO per Jay and upward "
O American Plan.s3.UO per day and upward Q
{> Correspondence Solicited. fm
0 JOaK 0. KiasPA-raicK, x ui^. ! *•
3.0 0000 OOOOSOOOQOOO
Use f®% and
Facial Soap E^j^ Facial Cream.
Age. Illness. Care cause Wrinkles. Derma-
tologist JOHN H. WOODBURY, 127 West «d
st.. N. V., 163 State St.. Chicago, has had over
26 years practical experience removing Wrln-
kleB. Crow's Feet, etc. No pain.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
Has removed from Burlingame to its new
buslnes IRA g- HOITT. n Plu D.. Principal!
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. ' i
XK E mnrt N |' i V Al i V UAtiH iNGTON STS.-RE>
»»■ modeled and renovated. KING WARD a
CO European plan. Rooms Ice to Uto day* *
fnfl°^M Wee^ ! $8 t0 J3 ° month - Fr ee baths- hot *B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-HI-B-HI-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-BHi-B-B-B-B-B-B-*-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B B-fl-
" - '■ ""' A-'"--".'-- ■" . . .■ . . - ' ' -■." •■'--'?'; "^/.. •.■/■. ./^- y.' ■■:'■■'."■*_ ff'-IV;.^- ' -. - ■. mm^^^mmm -'. '. ' -' Jj : '.'-.Ti'- >' j
* B- " v^"* ' BBBBfli BBs BBL BBf B^B BflH F^9 vQn K9&^stfßß K^BB^^S? S^c Wj^ iFi^t^S BsH Srs^H jf*g 838 I F"^' ' ' '^S "" »\^^i'"- ■ -~'*C" * *^^bv9l '■* *
Ba3a^Bs*^ Bb3 '"^ ° SSbB^S Bb^Bßß* I VB S3 888 MO bBEB luea HK BBBBB^P^ **9bßßt '-' ? ' I If WWltiS^r t£j -^' M
1 ■ • " ' ' - ~ '"l".- ■. ' " "'■' - ■ f
■ ■ ■ ... . ■ ■_ ■*.' . 4^ •» -t 'ii" ' '■' ' _■■-.;'. ; i B
, — '. ' s)?®®^<&2S®sXsXS«<g«S<i®«<s)®«® J — — ■ . 1
"' QIF If HFDAPTMFNT * s ' , HI AiF ¥\"PH A TIT^Iif PUT a
■ SILK DEPARTMENT. . According to our regular custom we begin the New Year with aCT OAK DFPARTMFNT *
0 esc FA NCY STRIPED AND CHECKED SILK; sale price 40c a yard GRAND CLEARANCE SALE of the entire remainder of our great stock; v^ vr * lv */*^* rm.iiTai>i^ a.
2 750 BLACK BROCADED SlLK lii! nche sale price 50c a yard :of Dry Goods, for the purpose of making room for Spring Importations ABIES' CAPES, worth j, ; .............marked down to 95 e a
° Ssc BLACK DOUCHESSE SATIN; sale price 65c a yard ? «1 *, r ° T.: ■ r — : .' ■
n — > V nOW 111 tr^n^ I '• LADIES' CAPES, worth 15 ..marked down to $2 45
" $1 25 FANCY PLAID TAFFETA SILK; sale price 85c a yard IIUH m v allOl1 ' » "« ■
H Si 50 BLACK FANCY BAYADERE SILK; sale price ?1 10 a yard We MV^e the SpeClal atteiltiOn Of ,OUr. TegUlaf CUStOmePS . tO the LADIES' CAPES, worth 17 marked down to $3 43 • m
« ' EXCEPTIONAL BARGAINS resulting from SWEEPING REDUCTIONS IN ?^™ ™i -^ * 5 :....... r n^ *»*..» 92 «i ( b
h BLACK DRESS GOODS. EVERY DEPARTMENT, and to emphasize the importance of an early ladies> jackets, worth no marked down to ? 5 00 ■
B . rSJI WP onnpnrj thP fnllnwinP" LADIES* JACKETS, worth $12 50 marked down to $7 50 i
7'c FIGURED ALPACA, 39 inches wide; will be closed out at. ...25c a yard vail YY G. ajJJJCHU LUC lUllUYYlllg 9
*in cTOTi>f cTr^/-ir -so i v T^ Ti i , 1 « o-« j — - a -' ' '■» __ A LADIES' JACKETS, worth $17 50 marked down to 90 75 ,1
<0c STORM SERGE, 3S inches wide, in all pure wool; sale price., -.it" a yard B^^l ® *?^l^ I ® *■
° 50c FANCY WEAVES. 39 inches wide, in a large variety of designs; will be C± t^ 1 T^Ti fiQ^f^ fWf OO 11 /)T1 B^l^ C! LADIES ' SKIRTS, worth $100 marked down to 50c 9
2SC '' ' O UUdlllt/lI XICU \X\J LlUllO. L AD IES SK.RTS wo th «» '.; m a k ,a *,w. U 90C -
S 63c FIGURED MOHAIRS, 45 inches wide, in new patterns; sale price J. ; " . I
H ' 35c a yard zz^ZZllZlZ=lZ=ZZ===l==l=l=====l=l==l=::=====l===ZZZZ=ZZl=Z==ll^^ LADIES' WRAPPERS, worth $1 00 .marked down to 45c j
63c ENGLISH CHEVIOT, in all-wool, extra heavy; will be placed on sale at -*. ■* mm ir-» «-> w /-* RlßßH\*i CDFriIVI f ! uriU'C IVIMTrtI iTvnrnurr i f
H 45c a yard CAMBRIC KIBDUI>I^—^HOCl AL I | MEN S WINTER UNDERWEAR. LADIES' WRAPPERS, worth $1 75 marked down to $1 OO fl
nr .* AD r;iX KDCOC EMBROIDERIES' *»• » a d Sh^aced Scases^E^S^rvr^RlNO P^SH WRAPS, worth $3 00 ". marked down to *1 45 I
f COLORED DRESS GOODS. tinunuiutiiitoi ii™^^^™^ *********-**** im**.****!**. ■
™. ■'. — : : • 4 f\r\r\ (\f\f\ V A Df\Cl sale at 10c a yard. sizes; good value for 50c; will be j ; . »
g '.. •' J±t 1O Cents. I,UUU,UUU lAll-UOi At , 2 i. 2 ~Ccnt« Yard. offered at 25c each. PLUSH WRAPS, worth $15 00 marked down to $9 75 |
« 1"5 pieces DOUBLE-FOLD .DRESS GOODS, in medium and bright effects; No. 16, COLORED DOUBLE-FACED At 75 Cents. - , TTCCT , C . ,> n vw*. r^rrT, v~™ marV#l a flftWT , tn oo o- ?
B . will be placed on special, sale at 10c a yard. I* Cents. SATIN, • corded edges, 2}|j inches 1 case FLEECE LINED CAMEL'S MISSES JACKETS, worth $d 00 marked down to *2 35 I
-p,\ • . : ' — — 150,000 yards CAMBRIC EMBROID- wide; worth 20c a yard; will be HAIR UNDERSHIRTS AND : • I
■ • "_A_t IS CentS ERY, assorted patterns; worth placed on sale at 12 l -c. DRAWERS (odd sizes); extra OPERA CLOAKS marked down r|
■'■ pieces 42-in.ch NOVELTY DRESS GOODS, regular price 50c a yard; on *' *** prlC ±l? C a At 15 Cents Yard. If^c Sc" -'»> be offered ' 'I
1 - special sale at 15c a yard.. . 2K Cents. N 0? m nvivn Awn „ >w at .ol eacn. BLACK BROCADED SATIN SKIRTS marked down ■
■■; •• A , ■ _ — • . 150.000 yards CAMBRIC EMBROID- *°' MOIRE- RIBBON, 3inchef wfde^ «t 7 5 Cents. _
1•" _A.t SO O©ntS. ERI. assorted patterns; worth extra quality, all silk; worth 25c a 2 cases MEN'S HEAVY VICUNA LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, worth $8 00 marked down to $5 00 T
" 102. pieces DOUBLE-FOLD -DRESS GOODS, in figured, mixed and checked 6%c; sale r^_ c a yard. yard; will be placed on sale at 15c ' UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW- ' £
; ;. effects; will be placed on special sale at 20c a yard. ' 3 cents. a **- Sm's^wi™^ LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, worth $15 00 marked down to *7 50. ' I
:-.» „ A ■ Q-. r*^^ 100,000 yards CAMBRIC EMBROID- At 20 Cents. regular price $1 25; will be of- I —^ ■ ; " ■
B . -A.t' 25 CentS. ERY, assorted patterns; worth Nq g0 black MO IRE RIBBON 4 fered at 75c each. ' " " 1
.1 95 pieces- 37-inch HEAVY MIXED DRESS GOODS, a full line of colors; . -c; sale prlcejlc a yard. " "mcheg wide , all silk; worth 30c a „, W^~^'' r»f 1 |T|Tn AUCUTr ATUXTC If A DT/m nAIITM TA I
a ro rmer pnee « c a 250 a - d - IMMO d- c -;-? FMBROID SSr be ""** on i e " £. c- MLv S 'r?,^n wooi. FLANNEL NIGHTGOWNS MARKED DOWN TO »
■".' At sa cents. 100.0^0 yards CAMBRIC EMBROID- At 12 i^" cents UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW- Avp v i t r nmrr ■■
■T^^S^^Ss^i^ffiS^l^-^r^^ KR\. wide, well assorted pat- x %s a al r^ l o^ Cents i.^: FPP warranted sh-unk AVF II Af P rKllh. • ;
B 78 pieces '3B-incfc PS. in shaded, figured, striped and mixed ef- terns, worth 8 l-3c; sale price 4c . ALL-SILK COLORED T\F- value for $1*25; will be offered If Hi n= ll ALT iKSLI. i
fe '- »c a yard; or. tie at 25c a yard. a yard. FETA RIBBONS, inches wM» at 75c each. Vlll^ llftl^t I IWVI>» 8
' — — S Cents. < value 20c; will be« offered at 12^c'. ■ T X
*—enx». '- rtt i • a
B " i^? 100,000 yards CAMBRIC EMBROID- At 18 Cents. o cases MEN'S EXTRA. HEAVY iWt '
_ fi|/ ERY. open work patterns; worth No . 4Oj ALL-SILK COLORED TAF- " VICUNA UNDERWEAR, war- fnV . ■ : '
, *«^. Sa Pr ° C a >' ard - FETA RIBBON, 3^ inches wide; ranted shrunk; regularly sold Wu^ ffl
J_ . 6! ' Ce-nts value 25c; will be offered at l^c. at $1 50; will be offered at $1 00 Hils^k.
■ fa. /k dbv ■/ / ERY. open work patterns; worth . vrv OMT.HE STRIPES PLAIDS FKt SI.OO. /\ /V /^Jju V « J.
M / S/h .^^l W / -_ 6V»c a yard. " AND CHECKED RIBBONS; value 1 case MEN UNDYED SANI- /1 /■ MilK l^S W A / v =
■ / M & 111 %4%T A. / >^^l 7'- Cents 30c to 40c; will be closed out at 22c. TART AUSTRALIAN WOOL 1 1 / E Mill JLrkjT ¥ A. M J^^l H
E BI El M \JL///B £ (V/^ • innnoft vnrrU niMßmr P un ßnlr) UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW- / ffl 3 M UlSf/B/f \\/I jST / I
H \m^f^JhffJ/Wl^i/9^a W'^lF^ CLOVES, itunk;^^ value l ?o°r O n gh 2^ I I K//j/ J/J £ \j9lS^Ww I
« /M*/S?^y ™&^ WW^rgrW / B^yr/ 100.000 yards CAMBRIC 'GUIPURE S»tackS«nMu2&alae'tor $? ?" if T pee TU nn f nst n H« n^f rV H V« /m^/^L*^/ *Q&^ WW? W / W^ f
/mrJa^y ■ / EMBROIDERY, wide^ margin; mbe offered at $1 00 per pair. Al LeSS IDaB COil 0I »TianUiaCtnre / BrJsT&^S / 3
■ /a I & Mirtot TntiPC anil ISIrATHcfAr / 15 Cents - 50 dozen ladies' 2-clasp kid merino and balbriggan /Ml M «,j, fl i fnnac «in/! MrAHieto* dc /
■ \M\m UiailkGl, JUfIC3 dllU illWAlllMcr JlS^ / 100,000 yards CAMBRIC EMBROID- GLOVES, in black and colors; good UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS ItWI aW fllfllKcL JOII6S aflU HIWAIIIMCI JIS., / M
__ L^^ 1 — •-» Rv<n>noi«^n / ERY. wide, showy patterns; value for $1 50 a pair; will be of- | will be closed out at less than cost \Jr law ■=» ■ # '
« *^ ** ■ o»« .rrancißCO, / worth 30c; sale price 15c a yard. fered at $1 25 a pair. lof manufacture. .. *" *-*V San Francisco. / E]
p-B-B — ■-■-■-■-■^■-■-■-■-■-■-■-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B -B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-"-"-"-"-"-"-"-"-"-«-"-«-«-»-B-H
Union we find our sentences for. flrst
termers to be far greater than the aver- !
asre of other States. The youth of the of
fender should be considered, and Judges i
should be competed to inquire' i to the
circumstances to which: I alluded in my
biennial:
•T would advise that all Judges be re- ;
quired to inquire as to the habits, the
bringing up, the business, character and
antecedents of all personfe convitrted. and
as >to all facts tending to .Influence rhe
person to commit crime, which could no.t
be in evidence on the trial, -and. that a
record be kept thereof, and. transmitted,
to the prisons themselves lor preservation
and continuation." ' ...
The law as to bu.rprlary should be di
vided into more degrees, .and the entry
of nuthouses, barns, shed's, chicken houses
and the like should not' be punished with,
the severity meted out for the entry of a
dwelling house, with felon-ious'. intent,
which ■ not be too severely punished.
So the stealing of animals should be
grand or petty larceny according to lha
.value of the animal stolen, and not In ac
cordance with its kind. '
Deaf and Dumb and Blind.'
' Nothing can be adder! to what I said of
the Deaf and Dumb and Blind Institute in
my first biennial, and the same might well
he repeated, exec-pt as to lieu-res. lam
Ftill of the opinion that well to do par
ents who have children In this institu
tion should be compelled to pay for their
clothing. Board and tuition, instead of re
quiring the State to maintain them,. as if
does to-day. , "" ■•.-' . .- •
Glen Ellen. • . : .
I consider this one of the beat conducted
and most useful institutions in th-e State.
Here minds not strong enough to follow
the teachings of our common, schools are
brought out. Improved and developed by
a system novel and interesting.- Under
a law passed in :■ " it has been placed- in
better condition than ever' before. I refer
to the abstract of the report of said com
mittee, transmitted herewith, and fully in
dorse the same. . ;
Yosemite Commission.
The work of this commission, has con
tinued excellent, as is show.n-'-by th< syn
opsis of the report herewith transmitted.
A larger appropriation. should be allowed
the Commissioners than heretofof-e. A
IfUilding of stone, one. and a half stories
high, should be cons-tru'eted. on Glacier
Point, which rivals any place .in the world
/or scenic effects. ;
District Agricultural Societies
I have twice vetoed appropriations for
these societies because the Legislature
granted too much, and for too many.
The persistence
with which they
: a- proper
Iza-tiOA, af
ter findings of
igainst th-ir
number and- their
m'-tho.ls, is unrea-
f
The Farmers'
Societies
Too Costly.
■*■ "♦■ sonable. It ha*
been the desire of this administration
to sec them reorganized into. three, five,
seven or even nine societies; as might best
serve the interests of the various'. sections.
The benefit they" might be to- the State
and to each other. If organized, is-" ap
parent; but takiiig S!st>,o<« or -the people's
money each two years and- giving .it to
these societies, half to be spent- la viola
tion of law, is unjust and .improper. ' I
well understand how easy ij is to receive
the applause of those who desire the ben
efit of these gifts' and how severe is the
abuse for refusing to pillage .the treas
ury, but T now repeat that t'ne appropria
tions claimed arc outrages upon the tax
payers of the 81 .•■■-. ■
In thes* vetoes alone T have, saved the
State nearly three hundred' thousand dot
lars. 'o *' --■;.- 'tt
Orphans. ...''•
In view of the recommendations of the
Controller to change the laws relating to
orphans and half-orphans, because "of the
large amounts expanded therefor, I desire
to cali the attention of this Legislature
to the fact that in the past we have exb-
I'pmied large sums for much- less worthy
purposes. . . ■' • . • : /
= In this connection I desire, trr state that
we should extend the period for -which
orphans -and half-orphans are cared for
from fourteen to sixteen years of age.
There should not be any reduction in the
sum allowed for the maintenance of these
children. A child of fourteen. Is ordina
rily unable to care for itself. ■
Hospital for the Insane.
• The lunacy laws of California were
amended during the year.' 1*97 and the ar
rest and treatment of insane', persons as
criminals was stopped. .The- new law" has
worked well and economically thus far,
but not to the extent possible. I would
recommend that the superintendents of
the five hospitals and the general. super
intendent be examined and their view-'
Bed as to the workings of the law
and tne changes needed.
A law should be
passed making a
fixed charge upon
counties for each
person sent there
from to an insane
asylum. In two
classes of institu-
Maintenance
of
the Insane.
tinns such a charpe
- been irr.
md in each case th
the benefit of the State,
friction when once icaug
' mpels the county officials
the greatest care in looking
the antecedents of applicants, a
lto their ability to pay for accommo
ns. Such a plan would prevent many
"inn?. It is impossible for an officer
in a State institution hundreds of i
from the patient's home to inquire
matters as effectually or as cheaply
as could the home county* officials.
lilar law has worked in the rel n
school? is told by Superintendent Banks
in his report of 159»5. He said:
"By this time the law passed ir
'which put half .the burden of expense
upon the county) came into effect
Durta became very carpful In making
:'ments, and since That Tim
averac number of admissions per month
has been reduced."
The effect is- shown in the following
statement as to the population of the fol
lowing institutions:
IW. 1898.
Whittier '. 407 31*
lone » 202 141
The superintendent of lone notes this
decrease in population and correctly as
-9 the cause to the law. At Glen Ellen
a similar plan has been adopted with re
markable success.
I leave State In
stitutions in better
condition and under
better laws than
they were when I
bf-came Governor.
It is impossible,
however, that some
of the seventeen
More Power
for
the Governor
V ■ , . "*■ State institutions
snau not be disturbed occasionally by
t"™*f-<>utbreak o r petty quarrel among
Lomcials. The correction of these is not
• le until the Legislature grants more
; powers to the Governor. Now when a
trustee is appointed the Governor's power
rely.
■ Oso s r , said to thp trustees of the Preston
.*">"'; -?ry in my published letter
, of November 16. 1SOT:
'•Gentlemen, yo,i were appointed under
t of February. 1*93. to manage the
Preston School of Industry ar.d charged
by said act 'with the general government
and supervision of said school '
The Governor of the State is neither a
member of .your board, nor has he au
thority to manage said Institution; his
powers are merely supervisory and ad
: visory to which end he may require in
. formation from you upon any subject re-
Civr^Codc 0 ' 1 , 1 " duties - • Article V, section 6.
j But as I said .in my message to the
ature -If the Governor is to be held
rftoponsible for the conduct of the depart
rnentf. whose incumbents he names, he
j should be given control of those function
aries, etc. Such control has net been
given.
I appealed to the last two Legislatures
i to pass some law empowering the Gover
nor to control' the institutions and point
ed out how much I had been embarrass-d
by the lack of such laws. Both Legisla
tures refused to pass the requisite bills
and I found myself helpless when occa
sions arose for severe and determined
treatment.
If abases exist they are the direct re
sult of such failure to pass the bills rec
ommended. I again recommend that "for
cause an<l tfpon a hearing" the Governor
be given the power to remove his own
appointees. .
.What 'it tie power a Governor now has
was exemplified by the matter connected
.with the San I- ranctsco water front until
it became Democratic. I have discussed
the subject In my remarks concerning a
central board.
There have bo.Ti
a number of sug-
Ksted attacks on
c State school
This fundis made
up by a tax of a
crtain amount for
each school census
. . . . rhlld. I have Hn c
doubt that some persons, economically
mad, may attempt to lower the same in
.the interest of a claimed economy
They will begin by attacking the amount
apportioned by an administration as ex
cessive. The Controller says: "The
Attacks on
the
School Fund.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1899.
amount to be raised fr>c the State school
fund by aft ad valorem tax is seren uot
lars for each census child between the
f 5 and 17 years, which census is re
i to the Controller by the Superin
tendent of Public Instruction On or be
fore the 10th day of August of each year."
And again: "The census returns of uSS
1 made by the County Superintendent and
reported by the Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction give the aggregate num
ber of school children of the requisite age
as 374,624. The amount necessary to be
raised by the tax levy for each of the
fifty-first and fifty-second fiscal years is
52.622.3t5." (Report of 1898.) Previous re
ports ;ire to the same effect, smowing tOat
the amount raised is a matter of calcula
tion merely.
The fact that my second year required
only $2,195,435. while my successor's first
' year will require for this fund $426,909 in
1 excess of this amount, or nearly a million
more in the next two years, is a matter
of calculation only, with which he has no
1 more to do than with the increase of cen
sus children. Neither can he thereby bo
charged with extravagance, because the
I same is not included in the general cost
of the government. If any one objects to
the Increased amount paid Into the school
fund, he must reduce the amount per
scholar— or reduce the scholars.
I am proud of the fact that the only tax
funds of my term that have in any way
: equaled those of my predecessor's term
are the school fund, where of necessity
and without my c '-operation the expendi
ture has been over a. million more than
i his. and the university fund, where we
have increased the tax one cent. The
other two tax funds, the interest and the
general, have been much lower.
The State Printer.
In his report of IS9<> the State Printer
said the Legislature of 1597 could easily
save $20,00) in its printing bills. The same
Legislature's experts pointed out how
from $15.0t>.' to $20,000 more, also, might be
saved. Neither suggestion was acted on.
The Legislature appropriated for the
State Printing Office.
First— Forty thousand dollars for the
school book fund. This was not
: needed. The revolving fund was sufficient
ly full for all practical purposes. The Con
troller had stricken this item from his es
timates as unnecessary, and this year
omits a recommendation In its favor." My
i veto of this item was a saving of $40,000,
which added to the above admitted possi
ble savings •would aggregate nearly $80,000
had there been any desire to economize.
Second— The Legislature also included
an item of $275,000 for the printing office.
This amount was sufficient to conduct the
office until the session of the present Leg
: islature only. This appears from the re
| port of the State Printer of 1896, page 11.
The Legislature
of 1>95 had' appro
priated for the
printing office $250.
--000 originally, and
the session of 1897
added to this $K>.-
GBO for completing
the work to June
30, 1897, a total of
1 $332,000— an immense sum, the benefits «,f
which are not so easily seen. To this was
added $40,000 more for the school book
fund, or $J72.000 for this office. With all
: this appropriation, marvelous as it may
seem, the office did not finish its work
''. that year.
I vetoed this last item of J27.1.000 appro
priated by the Legislature of 1897. It was
: excessive. Since July 1. 1897. we have had
I no State printing, and there has been no
! great inconvenience. All the necessary
: printing of the different tax departments
' of the State, and all that is necessary to
be printed of th<- reports, could have been
done during this period for iess than $58,
--'• 000. Of course, printing cannot be done
■ cheaply if the printer he compelled, as
now. to do all kinds of work requested by
the various offices and institutions, nor it
they are able to make of the printing of
i fice a stationery establishment, nor. yet,
! If legislators can carry their friends on
the printer's list, or interfere with his
appropriations in case he refuses 10 com
i ply with their equpsts.
: The Printer should do no.ne of the work
for institutions like the State Library,
the Harbor Commissioners, the Bank
commissioners, the Building and Loan
Commissioners and the numerous other
boards which are not supported by a tax
ion the people. Th^y have their sources
of revenue separate and apart from or
dinary State revenues and should pay for
their printing and binding therefrom.
Each institution or officer accorded
printing privileges should have Charged
to his appropriation the printing as he
now has charged any other article he
buys. My veto has demonstrated the
cheapness with which the work can be
: done in this manner.
In passing I would say that the State
Printer was willing to print in advance
work for the Legislature that could not
regularly be ordered for it prior to its
except by common consent.
Exorbitant
Charges
for Printing.
He was willing to print, also, for thi
of other officials certain reports, noi
whii'h, under the law. are for del
to your honorahle bodies. In both of I
matters he was supported by the 81
Hoard of Examiners, t.ut some members
now have one of
Some System ;
of
State Roads.
♦ ♦" the finest public
roads in the mountains. I had honed be
fore this to have seen completed the
model road from Sacramento to Folsom,
thus leaving a gap of but thirty miles,
which the State and counties could have
! during the next two years. In es
tablishing a rock crusher at Folsom and
approving the Goods Roads Commission
law I had in view a nucleus for a great
m of highways for this State.
!:• ad-building has been so crude that
the money spent thereon annually (about
one million seven hundred thousand dol
lars i appeared largely lost. To start upon
a road system in all directions would be
too great an undertaking; but to begin
with a well planned road like the Tahoe
one. to establish a rock crusher that
could force down the price of rock values
in Sacramento, Stockton, Marysville and
elsewhere, to later build a model road to
Folsom, join it with the Placervllle road,
and to add to this in time one from Sac
ramf-nto to Stockton, thence down the
valley, then from Sacramento north,
would establish the backbone of a road
system with great possibilities.
As Sacramento County cannot vote
bonds for its sh;ire of the road to Folsom
under a Supreme Court decision, the State
should build the road itself.
The im p r ove
ment of the navi
gable rivers and
harbors of a State
is a matter for the
National Govern
ment. For years,
however, the ap
proprlat ions for
-• t- the improvement
of the navigable waters of the Sacra
mento. San Joarjuin and other channels
leading into the bays of San Fnu.
Suisun and San Pablo have been 50 small
as not to meet requirements. For this
reason In my first biennial message I
recommended!
Rivers and
Harbor
Improvement
"This State has in recent years expend
ed millions of dollars in the construction
and furnishing of buildings, and in their
maintenance, for the benefit of the wards
of the State. It has expended thousands
of dollars under a Commission of Public
Works, under the act of ISM: and in 1593
passed a law providing for the expendi
ture by a Debris Commissioner of a quar
ter of a million of dollars for the pro
tection of the sources of our rivers, while
upon the navigable portion of those rivers
themselves they have not expended for
years past one dollar. Our rivers are the
natural arteries of the State for com
merce. South of the Tehachapi the
southern harbors have and will receive
millions of dollars from the National Gov
ernment. To the north. Humboldt har
bor has received large sums for its im
provement from the same source. For
the mining interest Congress voted $250,000
and our State $2."0.0O0, or half a million. Yet
these great arteries of commtn-e remain
practically neglected. The great valleys
of th" State contain of available land
25,000,000 arable acres, and through them
flow these mighty rivers, daily being
ruined by neglect. The improvement of
these rivers should be by the National
Government, but where it hesitates, nay,
halts, when it should begin, the State
ought to step in and do the work itself.
The entire State is deeply interested in
this subject, and I recommend to your
honorable bodies that you consider thia
matter carefully, devise ways and means
of giving our interior the roiiof it needs
and enact a law carrying a proper appro
priation for that purpose."
The Legislature, by the act of 1*97 ap
propriated $300,000, which was expended as
follows. I cannot give better results than
in the concise language of the board
"lt Is estimated that to complete the
work now under contract will bring th*
total expenditures up to $125,000. leaving
a balance in the appropriation of $175 000
"The Jurisdiction of this department
should be extended so as to include all
of the Sacramento. San Joaquin Feather
and Tuolumne rivers and Petafuma Al
viso and Napa creeks. The State should
take upon Itself the responsibility of im
proving these streams as well as com
pleting the work already recommended
by this department. The Improvements
suggested would involve an expenditure
not to exceed $200,000 and would result in
a great saving in the cost of transporta
tion and a material Improvement in the
commercial and industrial conditions o£
the State."
I indorse the recommendations and ap
prove the work and am pleased that a
start has been made In the right direc
tion. All navigable waters entering into
the bays of San Francisco, San Pablo and
Suisun should be included. Ten per cent
of the receipt of harbor dues of San
Francisco should be paid into a State
fund to be expended in improving the
navigable waters leading into San Fran
cisco Bay.
In my biennial I
said:
"I favor placing
the insane asylums
and other similar
institutions of the
State absolutely
upon a civil service
basis and will co
operate with your
■♦ — ; ♦-
Introduction
of
Civil Service. '
-♦ — : ♦-
honorable bodies to that end," etc.
I advocated the clause placing our hos
pitals for the Insane under civil service.
It is now a part of the asylum laws of
the State.
The State normal schools have been
placed on even a better basis.
My request to the Board of Prison Di
rectors is shown by their report:
"Among the praiseworthy acts of your
administration we are confident that you
will look back with more satisfaction to
none than the effort you have made to
remove the prisons of this State from
politics. At the outset you advised the
members of our board that it was your
wish that no official ithat was performing
his duties acceptably should be disturbed
in his position. This rule it has been our
pleasure to enforce. As a result we can
report that the efficiency of the service
at both prisons has never before reached
so high a point, and that this is due to
the fact that subordinates understand
that their tenure of office depends en
tirely en their own trustworthiness, there
can be no manner of doubt. Having some
personal knowledge on the subject we un
hesitatingly assert that the prisons are
th- last institutions in which the official
lists fhould be held out as prizes for
political service. Men who are capable of
dealing with the complex problems of
convict life are rare, and when found
should not be displaced."
Whenever spoken to on this subject by
trustees of State institutions I have in
sisted that none but competent persons
be employed and that wherever an In
competent person was found working for
the State that person should be dis
charged, no matter hy whom recommend
ed. I have refrained, except in a few in
stances, from making recommendations
tion of my inaugu
ral I have made a
careful study of
our institutions. I
have devoted the
full time of my en
tire term to the
duties of my office.
and am one of the few Governors of this
St,it^ who has given up his occupation to
A Farewell
From
the Governor
I had two legislative sessions, both Re
publican, with which to work in chang
ing old and framing new laws.
When the last Legislature adjourned
in 1887 my functions as a part of the law
making power ceased, and my duties be
came solely executive, largely of detail,
and as easily performed from Stockton
and San Francisco as at Sacramento.
Until the close of the session of 1*97 ray
time was devoted to studying State in
stitutions, their needs, the laws govern
ing them and the manner in which other
laws could benefit the people. During this
period I passed every hour possible — both
day and night— in Sacramento on State
affairs.
At the sessions of 1595 and IS£*7 many
bills of my suggesting and my devising
were passed.
Of the seventeen State institutions
thirteen were beneficially affected there
by and ten were reorganized.
Laws affecting pure food, our dairies
good roads, requiring inventories of State
property, advancing the interests of the
university and appropriating money for
its colleges, placing asylums and the nor
mal school? under systematic laws.
Glen Ellen and the reform schools under
tax-saving laws, repealing the coyote bill
and the Indigent fraud, reducing the ex
penses of the government and placing it
on a cash basis, and improving the Sac
ramento and the San Joaquin rivers, are
a few of those that received my active
support.
How ill I became is a matter of general
knowledge. When, and only when, the
session of 1897 closed did I obey the per
emptory orders of my physician. Sacra
mento remained my official residence, as
it is the official residence of al! State of
ficers, but as latd laws provided, my
home, like the home and voting place of
other officers, was elsewhere.
I have devoted my strength to the wel
fare of the State, and although, on ac
count of illness, granted a leave or ab
sence I remained to discharge my duties
in answering- the call of the President of
these United States for volunteers.
I lay down the office without health or
practice. I hope my successor may not j
be compelled to hew each step of his four
years through adverse Legislatures to
maintain his pledges to the people.
JAMES H. BLT>D, Governor.
|
',
i
;
j
i
APPENDIX A.
The following is a letter from the Con
troller in response to my request showing
the exhaustions of the general fund and
the transfers of moneys alluded to:
Controller's Department,
State of California.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 5, 1597.
Hon James H. Budd. Sacramento. Cal.—
Dear Sir: Replying to your favor of yes
terday in which you request me to fur
nish "you "with a tabulated statement
showing per year, for the past ten years:
Fjrst—The dale each year when the
general fund was exhausted.
Second—The amount of warrants drawn !
against same while so exhausted.
Following is the statement I have pre
pared:
May 1. VBtt, general fund exhausted.
January. ISSS. resumed payment,
overdrawn J1.452.703 19
Aug. 23, ISSv g-neral fund exhausted.
January, ISB9, resumed payment,
overdrawn 679,316 67'
Aug. 17, 1889. general fund exhausted.
January, IS9<j, resumed payment.
overdrawn 942,132 48
Oct. 14. ISH2, general fund exhausted.
December. I*9l. resumed payment.
overdrawn 359,75S n
lone 9. 1533, general fund exhausted.
December. Ui3. resumed payment. __ I
overdrawn 1,611,754 63
April 10. 1594. general fund exhaust?.!.
May, 1554. resumed payment, over
drawn 45,023 SS
July 22. 1593. general fund exhausted.
December, ISl<s. resumed payment,
overdrawn 925.973 51
On the 11th of April, 1593, I transferred
from other funds to the general fund
$300.000 to prevent the latter from becom
ing exhausted until after the May settle
ments. Again, on September 1, 1884, I
transferred $710,000 from other funds, and
on November 16, 1894, an additional $150.
--000 in order to carry the general fund on
a paying basis until the December settle
ments of that year. But for this action
the fund would have become exhausted
on the 7th of Sepiember, and before pay
merits could have been resumed the fund
would have been overdrawn to the extent
of about J593.000. Very truly,
E. P. COLGAN. Controller.
It will be noticed that the small balance
left me by my predecessor caused the
fund to be exhausted twice before my nrst
tax moneys came in.
APPENDIX B.
March 11, 1=55.
Hon. J. H. Budd, Governor—Dear Sir:
In reply to your verbal inquiry of to-day
the following statement shows the esti
mate condition of the general fund of
the State treasury as it will exist on
July 1 next—not taking into account the
appropriations made ar.d to be made by
the present Legislature:
Balance in available ap
propriations January 1.
1595 $1,766,563 32
Deficiency salary of Su
perior Judges 3,166 6o
Estimated expenditure for
orphans 300,000 00
Estimated expenditure for
indigents 200,000 00
Expenditure for veterans,
two quarters 22,500 00
Salary- of Debris Commis
sioner, 6 months 1,800 00
Salary of secretary of
commission, 6 months.. 750 00
Salary' of keeper of ar
chives, 6 months l,<w> <v>
Total estimated ex
penditures $2.2r-.\77? ?7
Balance in general fund
January 1. 15:.3 Jl. 146.016 34
ESTIMATED RECEIPTS.
Amount of property tax,
second Installment $95." ■
Second installment rail
road tax, 1594 «1,33S 17
Second installment rail
road taxes, reassessment
1896 39,0<52 29
Receipts from State offi
cers 15.000 00
Received from railroad
tax suits lri February-- 23.j6<? 37
Excess of expenditures
over revenue $76,941 N
From the foregoing it will be seen that
a deficiency of $76,941 04 will exist in the
Continued on Ninth Page. „ i
§^*iwifj^. -Dr. • Wong Him, Nos.
jE>»sJ*2k»\ ll; " antl 11( ilason street.
P*s*f* ac;3 ta t-:an Francisco. Cai. — Thi.i
\l%i&~ V '» to certify that I have
]E&3^C 1 been ■ for several years
ay 3 a a great sufferer from
6jJ«fgA T Dr. ■ Wong Him, the
K^ U8 &nd 1M Mason street.
■^"^H ran Francisco. Cai. — Th;a
y 1» to certify that I hay*
frU^ J been for Myeral yeara
* • a great sufferer fr ::>
K\ j Uright's Disease of th^
Aj?3is^ / Kidneys, a tumor in the
jpfiSji^y, left side and other di*-
w*' • ■■-■ - incidental to fe-
L_^^^^W males; that I have for
r7?3fl^»V* weeks and months at a
*Qs£%~lj23kl>* r time been totally.' unable
to attend to my domestic affairs, and much of
the time confined to the bed. Nothing could
; be done for me that afforded more than tempo-
rary relief. About three months ago I was ad-
i vised to place myself under your treatment.
' On my first interview, after feeling my pulse,
you described my condition more accurately
than I could have done myserf. After using
Kour medicine and following your advice since
: that time I am very happy to say I have en-
tirely recovered my health; am fully, able to
fulfill all my duties as the mother of a large
family of children: indeed, for the past 15 or It
years I have not enjoyed as robust health.
MRS. HETTIE E. LOWE.
3STI 24th street, San Francisco. Cal.
October IS. 1593. .
■
(*jk^r^. VIT&1 S^i
THE NEW
V ITALS 20thC^- itSL * aEiaenv
PRODI ( THE ABOVE '■ •--h D.v. ill. Hi US i 9 II
BESI'LTS. surely removes Nervousness. Impotency,
, Nightly Emissions. Evil Dream» Wisrin; Diseases and ail eSects
j of self-abas* or excess and indiscretion. Restores Los» Vitality,
; Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and fnroamp-
| tion. Cures when all others fail, Insist on having TITALIS
i no other. Can be carried in the Test pocket. By mail $l.Ot>
per packare or sit for $5.00 with a guarantee to Cure or
Kefun<] the Money. Circular Free. Address
i CALUMET CIKK CO., BS4 Dearborn St., Chlcojrft
j Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
j DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
1 BLOOP.UVER.B-LINGS. ;
MCDWITfI Kesiores VITALITY
IMCnVI I M LOST VIGOR.
j£Sßsfr — ; ■■ AND MANHOOD
Ww~l; Cures Impotencv' Night Emissions and wasting
IHB^ftC diseases, all eifects of self-abuse, or excess sni
indiscretion. A nerve-tcaic ani blccd^butlder.
' tR '"vCff* Brings the pink glow to pale clerks and r*«
Ul B>w. j stores the Eire at youth. By mall 50c per
K*^^KL box. 6 bcxes for $2.50; with a written
(ilnll guarantee to cure or refund the money.
VUrviti ITztdlcal Co., C'intcn ay Jactuen $ts., CV.:a^.
WALLER BROS., 33 Grant ave;.San Francisoo.
Baja California.
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisine and specific tonlo
(or the sexual and urinary organs of botn
sexes, and a great r medy for diseases of th»
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its owa
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRINK. Agents.
123 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
DR.MQNULTY.
a 'HIS WELL-KNOWN AND P.Kl.r A OLD
JL sipecisiHstcuriM Private. Nervous, :in<! Blood Dis-
eases o; Men only. Boot: on Private Diseases und
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over '-iOy 'is' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hotirs9
t03i1u11y:6.30 to '::!" ev'gs.SDt>d«TK, lrttnl2. Cdnsul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull.or address
P. ROSCOF, JIcMLTY. M.D.
2614 Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
I Oppression, bufiotauoii, Nt!urca 6 ia, tic, ciirwj uy
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, :or POWDER
! Ptrii. J. ESPIC : New York. E. FCCGERA & CO
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
1 ' ■ ■
TJ"DTTCUI7C FOR barbers, SAL
DllUun CiO er^ bootblackx bath-
w house*, billiard tables
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers. ■ -nerx
flyers, fiourm'lls. . foundries. laundries, paper-
hangars, printers, painters, shoe factorial
■tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
I Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento SS
56
42^ JO & **^*
"'< WEDNESDAY. ...JANUARY 4 , 1899
' j
■■; •• JOHN D. " SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to"W. S. L EAK£.^Manage^
PUBLICATION OFFICE-... and Third Sts-. S. F. j
Telephone Main IS6S. .
EDITORIAL ROOMS.'. " 217 to 22. Stevenson Street !
Telephone Main 1574.
THE «A!V FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND 6UNDAY) ts j
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week.- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents. '
THE WEEKLY CALL. .16 paces'. -One year, by mall. $!
OAKLAND OFFICE ■ ?- 903 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE.... .••Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftft* Hou»»
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE... Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Roprcsentati>o.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock 367 Hayes street, ooen until :
930 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o^lock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market ;
street corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 clock- '06 Eleventh
street; open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.- j
AMUSEiitNTi
Columb!a-"Tt:e Mar. From Mexico."
- M itret JubUee.
Atcassx— ' • . BelL"
.
Morosco's— Hi Henry Minstrels.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Comedy— "• All Aboard."
The Chutes— (Sari'.ia Man. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
: Olytr.pia — Corner Mason and -Eddy streets. Specialties.
Metropolitan ,T«rn pie— Rosen thai' Pl&ao Recital to-morrow
night. ■ •
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Oakland Race Track— Race*. -
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan i Doyle— day,' January 4. at 327 Sixth St.,
i- 11 "a. m.. Horses, liugfries, etc.
By Frank W. Buu-?rfie!d— This day, January 4. at 11 o'clock.
Furniture, at SIS Mok-b st.
By Wrn. G. - Layrjs— Saturday, January ". Horses and Ve-
hicles, at TIX Howard street-
EXAMINER fiS DAN'S OLLY.
WJ ITH the important business on hand of c I
. States Senator there cannot be
careful a safeguarding against mistakes.
I threal • I with the disgrace of a Burns.
It is ::cate a ras ning his
led career with the honors due honesty and pa
■- • . is •■ I eing used, patron
. ■ '.cry and threats. The unsavory par.. r,
Mos • and incompetent Lees, and j
Dennerys of the political I us, have united ;
in a scheme to " lia the indignity and ;
indecency of being represented in the National Sen
ate by a man whose reputati'; a if all for evil, who has i
betrayed private confidence and public trust. To avert
• h the duty of the Republican party.
c Examiner is supposed at times to be a De:
c organ. '. -to give that party advice, to
I or to buliy it. Just now it is doing all it j
to secure the election of Burns. Its own party]
the Examiner would j
like to see the triumphant opposition cover itself with '
■ shame. It has another object. Burns is the choice of
the railroad. The Examiner has tor a long time been !
cff the payroll of that institution. If it can promote j
. -'sts of Burns it aids in destroying the re
tpectability and the influence of the Republican party.
- way back into the sunshine of Southern Pa- j
crfic approval, and hears, as in the glad old days, the
•ration com.
The Democratic paper, so called, is now ad
Democrats to keep out of the Senatorial struggle.
They have not the remotest hope of electing a Demo- :
crat. and therefore the fight, according to Examiner ,
res- theirs. The paper knows that
no Democrat would be shameless enough to actually
support Burns, and. knowing- this, does not want to J
■tic support given to any rival of the
I .agnate. "hat the votes
would better be wasted in behalf of some nomination
n empty compliment. In this counsel '
re is the ring of hypocrisy. In this apparent ar- ■
- - logic; it is a pretense, a fraud, an ;
attempt to delude. It originates in the Burns camp, :
the stupid scheme of the enemy.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS' HOME.
ONE of the best and truest joys of New Year in j
this city wa-; that attending the opening und
the dedication of the Native Daughters' \
Home. The occasion was much more than a passing i
festival, for the home will long remain the source and ;
center of ben I I >pitality and helpfulness.
California has had many reasons to be proud of her
:.ve Daughters, and what they have now accom- j
hed in this ng adds another to the varied i
pn. " te community is in every j
way liberal, generous and beneficial. The association i
eh co-operation and mutual helpfulness '
r.-e carried on along the best lines and produce results !
which may ii; - the emulation of all other or
ns among our citizens.
The home is destined to become one of the no
tabfi :ity. What it is now is but the
earnest of vchat it will grow to be in after years. Xa
r.ve Daughters iron; other portions of the State will
.ng-piace zrA home when they visit the
■ ; city, and tn the sick who need its ministrations it will
be a tnM
The institution begins its career with a most au?- •
picjous new year. The prospects so bright for the ,
•c are eqv. to it. The committee in j
charge of the work who have brought it to thi< high
degree of success deserve the general thanks of the
community as well as of the member? of their associ
ation, and the heartiest congratulations of the sea
son are theirs.
When D«-n B-.k • 3 enjoy a moment of com
fort he is forced to turn to a Democratic paper. The
. journals of his own party make comment of a charac
ter which the Mexican can hardly fail to construe as
.hostile. They have called him everything printable.
• and regret that the ■imitation of expression is so
narro.v.
• ' Probably the school-teacher held up by a footpad
;was not jrreatiy alarmed Such an experience became
commonplace to any San Francisco teacher during
the term of the retiring rotten Board of Education.
The roar going up against the Belshaw law shows
that some thrifty souls are unable to distinguish be
tween patriotism and pie.
Speaking of the necessity of retiring policemen on
account of age. bow young is old Lees, anyhow?
Duckworth overlooked a fine chance for calling
himself to order.
fl WORD TO REPUBLICANS.
THE.campaign of 1900 is aiready above the hori
zon. Everything done by the Republican party,
where it has power to do, affects it for good or
ill everywhere. It won in last year's elections by a
j margin so narrow as to establish a practical equality
lof chances for 1900. That equality is to be changed
; to a balance for or against the party during the next
twelve months. The change will be wrought by the
! account it makes of its stewardship to its master?, the
I people. Every party act in municipal. State and na
tional administration will go to judgment. Every
ober of the party has its iate in his hands. The
natural growth of commerce and prevailing business
prosperity wi!! not offset acts of folly and crime in
tl:e official ranks of the party in power. It is history
that the Democratic party has not secured a popular
majority for a Presidential candidate who was in
dorsed by Tammany. The misrule of New York City
bj that potent organization has been made known in
every corner of the country. Its disregard of decency,
its biindness to public and private morality, its brutal
use of power, have been a curse to the party to which
it pr ( giance.
When Tilden was nominated against its opposition,
and against a right carried by John Kelly to the floor
of the national convention, and renewed in the State
o'" New York by every form of treachery and bolting,
he carried a popular majority, and narrowly missed
being President, through a decision ot the Electoral
Commission.
Cleveland was nominated in ISS4 against Tam
many, which deserted him in the campaign and se
cretly threw its vote to General Butler. But he was
elected against the strongest man thefountry had to
oppose hi]
He -.vas renominated in 18SS against Tammany, and
its treachery in New York lost him that State and de
feated him. In 1892 the Chicago convention was held
until 2 o'clock in the morning by the Tammany tight
against Cleveland, and its most persuasive and im
passioned orator held the stage down to the rollcall
S ites to pour out Tammany's embittered hatred
of the man, who was immediately nominated and tri
umphantly elected, because, in General Bragg's terse
aphorism, "the people loved him for the enemies he
had made."
This history proves that even the Democracy re
volt against chicane, corruption and indecency com
mitted by a tocal organization in their party name.
Let no man deceive himself by believing that Repub
:.re less nice in their preference for what is
clean and upright, and in their aversion to what is
low, brutal and treacherous. With Quay in a crim
inal court, and Dan Burns exchanging cells in three
jails for a seat in the Senate, with betrayal of the hon
est hope and affront to the self-respect and pride of
the people, the Republican party will go into the cam
paign of 1900 morally handicapped and a likely loser.
We are painfully p.ware that it is said in California
that The Call, by standing against the evil influences
that seek to control the party, and by doing what it
can to install a decent regard for public opinion in
the party counc: ing Democratic politics,"
but .ye deny the hard impeachment. Every Repub
lican, in private life or public office, who degrades his
party by indorsing corruption, by electing a dis
graced, ignorant and unfit man to the Senate, by dis
appointing the generous confidence of the people, is
making Democratic politics, not The Call.
Every Republican who does, or indorses in others,
that which affronts decency and offends cleanness,
which cannot be defended by any self-respecting man
or newspaper, is making Democratic politics, not The
Call.
Every Republican paper which is silent while of
fenses are committed, and makes offenders feel safe
through failure to expose them, is making Demo
cratic politics, not The C
Can any man in the party conjure a more powerful
aid to Democracy than the sale of the Senatorship.
than the election of Burns, than the beginning of a
legislative session by an act for which no right rea
son can be given, for which no apology can be con
structed, for which the party must hang its head in
shame?
We desired to see this State administration, which
h in power by such a hearty vote of confidence, sue
along the lines that appeal to the sentiment
which trusted it and gave it public authority. We
hope to see the Governor, in his powerful and digni
fied office, the trustee of the best sentiment among
the people, following that light and leading which
they believed themselves to be following when they
gratified his ambition. We hope to see the Repub
lican government of California look over the heads of
greed and grudge in the crowds that are self-seeking
at the capital to the patient, trusting, confiding and
worthy people of the State, who want no office, but
can give it and take it away at the ballot-box, and
among them make Republican politics for Califor
nia and the nation in 1000 and forevermore.
SEAWELL'S GAS DECISION.
THE decision rendered by Judge Seawell in the
proceeding brought to break the contract for
public lighting awarded on August 16 last to the
Gas and Electric Company establishes several prin
ciples which are bound ultimately to become valuable.
For oqe thing, he holds that no public contract for
lighting with gas or electricity can be awarded by the
Board of Supervisors for a longer period than one
year. For another he decides that proposals adver
tised by the Supervisors which exclude competition
are illegal, and that any contract framed under them
is void.
These two principles, unlike the others declared in
the Summerhayes suit, are basic. An illegal .method
of advertising may be corrected, or a contract void
icr uncertainty, or which contains error?, may be re
drawn and made effective. But the one year limit
requires a new contract to be made every season, thus
introducing frequent changes and giving the city the
benefit of whatever reduction takes place in the price
of gas and electricity, and the declaration that com
petition cannot be excluded, no matter what the cir
cumstances, places all bidders on an equal footing.
A recital of the facts connected with the contract
thus expounded will show how valuable these prin
ciples really are. When the contract came before the
Supervisors for award the Mutual Electric Light
Company offered to give the city a rate not only less
than that offered by the Gas and Electric Company,
but in consideration of getting the contract it agreed
to make a reduction of 25 per cent to consumers.
But the company asked as a condition precedent that
ie be allowed to erect poles. It is now competing with
the old company with underground conduits, the
cost of maintaining which places it on an unequal
footing.
The Supervisors, however, declined to grant the
privilege asked and awarded the contract to the old
concern on the ground that the Mutual Company, be
ing unable by its own confession to supply all depart
ments of the city government, was not a qualified
bidder. Judge Seawell has knocked this position
cold. He declares that the Supervisors have no au
thority to create a condition and then make it a pre
text for excluding competition in lighting the streets
THE SAX FT? Ay CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUABY 4. 1899.
i and municipal buildings. If one company has poles j
! dp it cannot take advantage of that fact to create a j
1 monopoly and force a price upon the city which a }
j rival concern is willing to fut under it granted a simi- .
j lar privilege. The decision rests upon the broadest j
I lines of good sense and sound public policy.
Judge Seawell's ruling, however, will cost the city
some money. The contract of August 16 has been de
clared void, but under a Supreme Court decision the
j Gas Company can collect the reasonable value of the
light it has already furnished. This will undoubtedly 1
, exceed the price fixed by the contract, and until. the j (
; new Board of Supervisors makes a new agreement the I
treasury will suffer a little. But the decision is , '
I worth all it can possibly cost. Monopoly in street- (
! lighting is pretty effectually broken up by it, and that
, is a result that must eventually save millions to the '
I taxpayers. i
MfIJOR MCLAUGHLIN'S POSE.
IF the Examiner is to be trusted, which is doubtful.
Major McLaughlin has been posing at Sacramento
as the most asinine guy of the season. According I
to that unreliable journalj the Major stated in a re- !
| cent interview that Republican success in this State j
■ at the recent election was due entirely to the State
! Central Committee; that the efficiency of the com
mittee was due mainly to himself; that while Sena
tors and Assemblymen represent only districts, he
represents the whole State; that his friend Burns is
i the ablest and most astute politician in the State, and
that if elected to the United States Senate Burns
would rank with such powers in the party as Hanna,
Elkins. Foraker. Platt and other leaders.
On each of these themes the Major is reported to
have expatiated with all the expansiveness of a laker
' trying to fill space for a yellow journal. The Ex
' aminer quotes him as having said: "That the present
Legislature is Republican is absolutely and entirely
I due to the labor of the State Central Committee."
The Major is thus made to ignore all the-influence of
the splendid administration of McKinley, all the ener
i getic work of local leaders and the rank and file of the
' party, and all the influence of the Republican press of
! the State. He is' reported as claiming that his com
• mittee did it all.
Again, the Major is made to say: "I have devoted
my entire time, day and night, to the interests of the
: Republican party of California. When I was elected
! chairman in 1896 I found it without system of any
I kind whatever, and it stands to-day the most perfect
, political organization existing in any State west of
; the Mississippi. This work was accomplished prac
tically by myself and three members of the past and
: present committee, aided by the constant advice and
' counsel of Colonel Burns."
The Major is then quoted as bursting forth into a
pean of praise for Burns. He is reported to have
said: "I am in favor of the election of Colonel Burns
to the United States Senate. My reasons are many.
but the prime one is the fact that his eminent ser
vices to the party during 1806, and particularly during
the last campaign, entitle him to this honor."
It is hardly credible that Major McLaughlin could
have made such an absurd assertion as that. Bums,
as the owner of a silver mine, was a free silver man in
1896. and did nothing whatever for the election of
McKinley or Republican success in that campaign.
He was for a considerable part of the year in Mexico.
If Major McLaughlin really said any such thing
as the yellow Democratic organ attributes to him on
', this subject he must have meant that Burns rendered
■ an important service to the Republican party in 1806
by keeping in the background on the silver question
and getting out of the country.
It is only fair to Major McLaughlin to assume that
he did not make any of the silly assertions the Ex
aminer attributes to him. If he is really claiming at
; Sacramento that he is bigger than the Senate and the
Assembly combined; that he elected the Republican
ticket and that Burns has rendered valuable service to
the party, then the Major's head has evidently been
. swollen to the size and emptiness of that of a jac'
and he is more kinds of a guy than his closest ac
quaintances have suspected.
THE YUBfl RIVER PROBLEM.
AX element of attraction is to be found in the
proposed scheme to divert the Yuba River
from its course by reason of the very magni
tude of the project. Any enterprise tending to the
rearrangement of nature on a large scale is more or
less fascinating to progressive men. The draining of
vast swamps, the formation of deep, safe harbors in
shallow roadsteads, and the construction of canals
and artificial lakes have all found willing promoters
among energetic communities, and in most cases the
works thus performed have been highly beneficial.
So natural is it for men to delight in enterprises of
this kind, the proposed project will be favorably re
ceived and the plans suggested for carrying it out will
be given attentive consideration. It is not. however,
one which can be wisely undertaken until after the
most elaborate and thorough surveys and calcula
tions. The changing of the course of such a stream
as the Yuba will entail the changing of many other
ffsings besides, and, while most of these changes may
be beneficial, some of them may be harmful in their
operation.
The benefits which are expected to flow from the
completion of the enterprise are many and of great
value. It 'is believed it would enable hydraulic min
ing to be carried on upon a large scale, and at the
same time save the Sacramento River from filling up
with sediment and relieve the residents along a con
siderable stretch of the Sacramento from the neces
sity of constructing costly levees. Each of these re
suits would certainly be of vast benefit to the State,
and, if investigation show that the project is feasible
at an expense not too great, the enterprise will have
a widespread support.
As reported at present the project is too vague to
be decisively discussed, as no estimates of cost have
been made. It is certain, however, that the expense
will be large. The public will, therefore, wait with
interest for more definite reports of the ways and
means of carrying out the project.
Burns is trying to buy his way into the Senate, but
when he seeks to barter away the livings of a lot of
fcithful policemen he adds to the quality of dishonesty
a contemptible form of meanness. However, one
does not expect figs from thistles.
If the witnesses to the Gallagher murder refuse to
talk they can be kept in jail indefinitely for contempt,
so the balking of justice would not be a calamity de
void of mitigating feature?.
The Sacramento Bee has a way of speaking its
mind. If the Burns crowd has failed to note this, it
has missed the opportunity for a great moral up
lifting.
When rogues fall out honest men are supposed to
have a chance, but with Lees and Gunst thicker than
two thieves, the public is bound to suffer.
Perhaps Burns will recall that that other distin
guished Mexican, Henley, wanted something, too,
and didn't get it
A BLACK DAY FOR CALIFORNIA.
The danger that is before the people of the State of California at the
present time is that D. M. Burns will be chosen to the United States
Senate.
He is a candidate in every acceptation of that term. He wants the
position, and he yearns after it with an intense yearning. Great in
fluence, marvelous political power, are at his back.
The Bee believes it would be a black day for California if D. M. Burns
should be chosen to represent her in the council halls of the nation. And
we are confident that the g*eat mass of the people of this State think as
we do upon this subject.
How can that close possibility be averted?
Who, among those mentioned, could the opposition to Burns rally
around with the best chances of a harmonious smoothing of differences,
and with the best prospect of success?
There is only one man peacemaker in the whole list, one man whos*
personality and Influence could be depended upon to bind up the Wroundfl
and heal the sores among the Burns opponents — one man whom that op
position could center around. And that man is Irving M. Scott.
He is the only man who has not been mixed up in factional fights. IU-.
is the only one who has held aloof in recent squabbles. He is the man
of all others who could patch up that wide chasm in San Francisco — a
chasm which almost any other candidate would but still further extf-ml.
The Bee does not know how this Senatorial contest will end. It be
lieves, however, that, were it left to a vote of the people, Irving M. Scott
would lead by a great majority.
The Legislature may yet turn to Irving M. Scott as the compromise
candidate to lead it out of its difficulties. If it does the voters will not
comolain.— Sacramento Bee.
OPEN LETTER
TO MR. CATOR
Hon. T. V. Cator, San Francisco, Cal.:
I am sure you will pardon me for this
seeming presumption In writing to you,
almost a total stranger, yet not wholly
so. I read your very interesting, hon
est and frank letter in The Call that
came yesterday, regarding your pres
ent attitude politically, and the reasons
for your change of base. I congratu
late*---" and I congratulate the Repub
lican party of California. Surely your
ability and influence in the State will
be fraught with satisfactory results. 1
remember well your visits here and
your speeches, that had more influence
in strengthening the backbone of Pop
ulism than all others combined. Per
haps you will remember that you and
I had a few friendly tilts, and I can as
sure you that notwithstanding your
residence in another State, your influ
ence had an overflow into Oregon that
may be felt in the coming campaigns.
I hope we may have the benefit of your
ability and eloquence here, to assist in
undoing what it did on the occasions
mentioned. Of course the conditions
have very materially changed in the
past two years and the financial ques
tion is practically out of the contest.
Mr. Bryan's present attitude is not that
of a statesman, but rather that of a
politician, seeking a blind trail as an
excuse for further existence.
Perhaps our whole history has not
furnished a chapter so condensed and
so plethoric with permanent result and
at the same time having a tendency
to so completely wipe out troublesome
false issues, and to dim party lines, as
the past year. Our nag has a more
sutreestive influence wherever it floats:
MeKinley is the President of the whole
people; there are no personal or parti
san traducers: the country seems pros
porous in every part: every nation on
earth is ready to do us reverence, and
surely we have reason t" expect a
brightness of prosperity that shall il
luminate at least 180 degrees of the
earth's surface. Pardon this writing.
Tours truly. C. B. WATSOX.
Ashland. Or.. P«*<\ 31. 1898.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
E. B. Stowe of Stockton is at the Cali
fornia.
F. X. Blanchet of Portland is at the
Palace.
L. E. Juston of Portland is a guest at
the Lick.
C. M. Cook of Ogden is staying at the
Occidental.
George Ogden and wife of St. Louis are
at the Lick.
W. H. Cook of Bakersfleld Is a guest
at the Palace. , ».'■'£'&
K. F. Kraft of Chicago is registered at
the California.
H. Kelson Smith of New York is staying
at the Palace.
G. Lorrieu of Paris registered at the
Palace yesterday.
Rev. M. Coleman of Marysville is a i
guest at the Lick.
Mr. and Mr?. K. Iwrhara of New York
are at the Palace.
J. B. Overton, a capitalist of Virginia
City, is at the Russ.
0. J. Woodward, a rancher of Staten Is
land, is at the Grand.
E. W. Hamlin of Louisville, Ky., is
staying at the Grand.
A. C. Johnson of Los Angeles is regis
tered at the Occidental.
Lester L. Morse of Santa Barbara is a !
guest at the California.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Ash of Berlin are .
registered at the Grand.
Byron E. Veatch, a wine merchant of
Chicago, is at the.Palace-
R. "W. Skinner, a fruit packer of Marys
ville, is a guest at the Grand.
Attorney J. F. Peck of Merced was
among the arrivals at the Lick.
George P. Simpson, a lumber merchant
of Stockton, is at the Occidental.
Miss Bradbury and two maids from Los
Angeles arrived at the Palace yesterday. !
1. P. McFarland of Raymond was ;
among the arrivals at the Lick yester- j
day.
Robert Birnle of Honolulu, who arrived
yesterday on the Australia, is a guest at
the Grand.
Mrs. Briggs with her daughters is stay
ing at the Occidental. She is from Fair
bank, Minn.
. » — ;
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Jan. Senator White
arrived to-night and is at the Normandle
Hotel. L. P. Schwert of Oakland is at !
the National Hotel.
■ ♦ «
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW" YORK, Jan. 3.— Gustavus Browne
and wife of San Francisco are at the
Fifth Avenue; E. H. Clarke of San Fran
cisco is at the Netherlands; M. Gurapel of {
San Francisco is at the "Windsor; Mrs.
C. A. Hutchins and Miss L. S. Hutchins :
of San Francisco are at the Manhattan;
Mrs. Teresa Sutro, Miss Sutro and Dr. '
L. Newman of San Francisco are at the
Holland; Edmund Baker of San Fran
cisco is at the Glrard.
■ ♦ ■
FIGHTING A TBUST.
Suit Filed to Dissolve the Giant Pow
der Company.
The long-threatened suit of the People,
on the relation of Attorney General \V. F.
Fitzgerald, instigated on the complaint of
R. W. Collins, against the Giant Powder
Company, to declare the articles of incor- I
poration of the defendant forfeited and I
for the adjudgment of a fine of $5000, was.
filed yesterday.
In the complaint it is alleged that the
defendant corporation ha£ entered into j
combinations and conspiracies to form a .
trust for the purpose of unlawfully re
straining trade and maintaining arbitrary
and oppressive rates. For these reasons
, the court is asked to declare the articles
; of incorporation of the company forfeited,
to dissolve the corporation, to fine the of
fending company $5000 and to give ludg
; nient against it for costs and all expanses
[oi trial. I
CALIFORNIA'S
HALF-CENTURY
CELEBRATION
Committee Call for
Preliminary Work.
TIME TO BEGIN PREPARATIONS
WAR CHANGES THE SCOPE OF
THE EXPOSITION.
Suggestions to Confine It to the Coun
tries of the Pacific and
the Phillipine
Islands.
The proposition to hold a semi-centen
nia! exposition to commemorate the ad
mission of California to the Union of
States, suggested by The Call last spring,
is coming to the fore again. During the
past year, by reason of an active politi
cal campaign, and latterly the prospect
of a continuation of the drought, no
steps have been taken to promote the
idea. The campaign and the drought be
ing now matters of history and the State
promised a us year, the exposi
tion plan is to be taken up and energetic
efforts made to successfully inaugurate
it.
Since the great show was suggested the
United States has concluded a succe^.^
ful war and radically changed the map
in the Pacific islands and the Orient.
This historical fact has naturally led to
the proposal that the exposition be made
not only unique but instructive by mak
ing it a demonstration of the resources
and products of the countries bordering
upon the Pacific and particularly the new
-.ens of Uncle Sam.
It is conceded that this idea properly
carried out in 1901 as a result of the great
changes that will take place by that time
would attract the attention of the whole
civilized world. The war brought San
Francisco into special prominence as the
gateway to the Pacific and the Orient and
the publication to the world that an expo
sition with such an unequaled scope
would be held here would not only at
tract universal interest but insure the
fair being a great success.
In order to give the proposition a proper
start and crystallize some of the ideas
that are now in embryo a meeting of the
committee appointed by Mayor Phelan
last spring has been called by Chairman
Rtinstein to be held at his office this
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock.
The attention of the members will be
called to the fact that the undertaking
is a stupendous one. worthy of the best
efforts of the ckizens of the Queen City
of the Pacific, and that the time ia ripe
for action. It is naturally expected that
there will be a good attendance of the
committee and that not only will some
valuable suggestions be offered but that
substantial progress will be accomplished.
The committee is composed of J. B.
Relnstem. Mayor Phelan, Charles Bund
schu, A. S. Baldwin, John H. Grady, Gen
eral R. H. Warfield, A. A. Watkins. Wil
liam H. Mills. A. B. Spreckels, Irving M.
Scott, Dr. T. H. Morris. F. L. Brc-A
H. Friedlander, Dr. Charles A. Clinton,
John Lackmann, R. P. Doolan.
A DOG HOSPITAL RAIDED.
W. F. Kennedy Arrested for Starving
Valuable Animals to Death.
The officers of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals have
broken up a dog hospital in the Mission
because of the heartless manner in which
the canines were treated. The place was
conducted by John E. Lewis at 2125 Mar
ket street. Lewis lives at T'M Golden Gate
avenue. People living- near the dog hos
pital complained that the dogs were neg
lected for days at a time and the only
food they had was given by those who
could not bear to see- the animals dvine
of starvation. When Officer Walton went
to the place yesterday he found nine dogs
so weak from hunger that they could
hardly stand, and some of the poor beasts
were eating the bodies of a couple of dead
dogs that had perished from want. Wal
ton arrested W. F. Kennedy, who it was
clalmrd had charge of the hospital
Lewis attempted to throw all of the
blame upon Kennedy, saying that he had
disposed of the hospital to him A. n in
spection of the hospital patients showed
that near:y all of them were valuable an
imals that been given into Lewi* 1
care. Lewis' excuse for his neglect after
telling several stories to Secretary Hol
brook. was that he had done all he could
for the dogs but he could not make the
dog hospital pay, and so left its man
agement with Kennedy. ls ma ""
Father MacCorry's Lecture.
The initial lecture of the V M I bu
reau series will be delivered' under the
auspices of Ignatian Council No ?o at
Metropolitan Hall on Monday* evAing
January 9. by Rev. Father Mac Cor on
trie subject of "Individuality.'- v a {h£ j
MacCorry is a member of the Paullst '
community and a recent arrival firm New I
1 ork. where he enjoyed the reputation of ''
being one of the , most eloquent clW°men '
in the metropolis, and those *.w have '
been fortunate enough to hear hun on the
Aery few occasions on which • he has
spoken Jn public in this city are aware of
the treat that is in store for his hearers '
on Monday evening. In addi:ion to th- I
lecture, a select musical programme ha^
been arranged. Tickets o ' admission
may be obtained £ rom the gr: nd secretary
&L th v J,..} - i headquarter* in the Pio
neer building. 24 Fourth street. j
—.m. . . . =
Looking for Her Husband.
Mrs. Grace Kammel of Uameda visited '
the Morgue yesterday afternoon and left
a description of her hv.sband. who dis
appeared fmm his home about two weeks
ago. He was a man about 63 v*ars of
age. with gray hair, blue eves and a
light mustache, and t»s about 5 feet 7
Inches In height. A rtort time after he
disappeared his hat and watch were
found on the end of tfle long pur at Ala-
LA RUE PAYS
HIS RESPECTS
TO W. H. MILLS
Says He Was Tender
ed a Gold Brick.
NEW BOARD TAKES OFFICE
EDSON ELECTED TO THE CHAIR
MANSHIP.
Clark Gives Some Significant Advice
to the Members of the Incom
ing Railroad Com
mission. ' . ■
mallty
-
Before retiring Chairman La. Ki;e at the
old board took a. parting: Ring at tfae
railroad company tor its insidious sr.d
treacherous course ,in relation to th« 3
per- cent grain rate reduction resolution,
and at the same time explained hi* per
sonal position in regard to the matter.
He opened the proceedir.g.3 by relating _
how the Southern Pacific Company,
through the agency of W. H. Hills,.- at-,
tempted to sell him a gold brick in con
nection with the pending litigation, which ■•
resulted from the efforts of the commis
sion to reduce grain rates in the State
S per cent. He said:
"It has been published that it was my .
fault that the pending suit was not dis
missed and the farmers thus given the
benefit of the reduction in rates. I sim
ply want to say that I was ready to have
the case dismissed whenever the railroad ■
filed its proposition, as suggested by Jir.
Mill«." . " • •
For the evident benefit of the new mem
bers Mr. La Rue made the following sig
nificant comment on the pending suit in
the United States Circuit Court regard
ing grain rate reductions: v* -.
"That case if followed up to a conclu- .
sion in the manner it should be will, I
think, establish the fact that the com
mi«sion is authorized to make reductions •
in freight rates, but until that suit is.
carried" to a determination you will not
be able to do much. I would like to see
it prosecuted to a proper termination. .
Commissioner Clark disavowed any u£
rect knowledge of the railroad offer to
compromise, but intimated that such a
proposition as that mentioned would have
received his support. He then offered this,
sage advice to the new board, voluntarily
and without price:
"My opinion is that there is only one
wav by which the commission can be at
some use to the people of California— that
is, for the commission to act in co-opera
tion with the railroad. I believe some
good could be accomplished by acting m
unison. If a complaint comes in, take it
to the railroad company."
This suggestion had the remarkable
effect of electrifying Commissioner H:n
ton out of his perennial state of somno
lence and causing him to rejoin: •'Why,
under those circumstances this institu-.
tion might just as well be abolished.'
Clark then called attention to the. fact
that the efforts of the commission to reg
ulate the freight rates of the railroad had
already cost the State about $30,000, 'arid
nothing had been accomplished, and
added that it did not pay to fight the
railroad. , - ,'■'■ •*• ''
Chairman La Rue corrected Clark by
stating that the commission had not been
fighting the railroad but that the rail
road had been fighting the commission. - -
After briefly reviewing the work of the
beard for information of the incoming
members and explaining the present
status of matt- pending before the
board. Chairman La Rue. on motion of
Commissioner Clark, declared the old
board adjourned sine die, and the new
board immediately met. y] ■■■■ .-■ •
The members organized by electing t,.
B. Edson chairman. W. T. Sesnon secre
tary Peter Foley bailiff and James D.
Brown stenographer. The salary of the
secretary is J2*» a year, of the bailiff
$1200 and of the .stenographer $500.
\t the afternoon session of the board
it was decided '.o take up the Pullman car
investigation to-morrow afternoon at 1
o'clock. It was also agreed to hold
monthly meetings on the second Monday
of each month, beginning with February.
Chairman Edson was appointed a com
mittee of one to investigate the matter of
the application of the Crescent City and
Smith River Railroad Company to raise
its rates.
Dissatisfaction was expressed over the
small quarters occupied as the offices of
the commission, and the secretary was in- •
strutted to look for more commodious
ones during the week. Adjournment was
taken until Thursday afternoon. ..-
'
WELBURN'S BONDSMXN HEARD
Judge Morrow Strikes Out the Most
Important Point ot Their
Demurrer.
The demurrer submitted by the be
men erf Oscar M. Welburn. the default
ing Revem: r, was taken up in
the Circuit Court yesterday. The blonds
men claim that they cannot legal.;
held as th proof that Welburn
was actually short in his accounts, what
ever Sbortai being caused by h:s
clerk Isaac X irton. Judsre Morrow cites
the case of ex-Postm ister W. J. P
where a simi! -r contention was raised and
the Postmas er was held responsible for
the actions f his assistants. He accord
ingly" struck cut tlur f the de
murrer an/ the case will go before the
courts wit' °ut it.
■ ♦ ■
Ne-v Bank Commissioners.
The new Bank Commissioners met yes«.
terday morning and organized by electing
Bernard W. Murphy of San Jose as presi
dent. -The other Commissioners are Gen
eral A. W. Barrett and John Mark of
Geys'-rvllle. C. H. Dunsmoor. who has
filled the position of secretary of the
board for man* years, was retained as
secretary of the new board. The Com
missioners directed the secretary to call
for a statement from all of the banks in
the State showing their financial condi
tion at the close of business on the last
clay of the past year. A license waa
-ranted to the Yokohama Specie Bank tc
do business in this State. The capital is
12.000,000 yen.
» ♦ »
Cal. glace fruit 60c per 1b at Tovrnsends.*
. ♦ ■ 1
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. •
.»♦ » —
Fiasherly— l thought you said it was a
trust?
\ Dasherly— Well. isn't it? ;- ,:■
" Fiasherly— Certainly not! "Benevolent"
doesn't appear anywhere in the corporate
title. — New York Journal.
« ♦ •
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrnp"
Has been used over fifty -/ears by millions ot
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic reg
ulates the Bowels and Is Uta best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part ct the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup.' He a- bottle. ~"y l
HOTEL DEL CORON ADO— Take advantage
Of the round-trip tickets. Now only {go by
steamship. including fifteen days' board at
hotel: longer stay $* £3 per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Parkers H»irßaUah keeps the hair soft and
plentiful and restores th* color when gray.
Hixi.iiiin.MßN.. the b*s: cure for corn*. ls eta.
EXPERIENCE IS THE BEST TEACHER.
Use Acker English Remedy in any case of
coughs, colds or croup. Should it fall to give
immediate relief money refunded. At Owl
Drus Co.TWO STEAMERS
ARE CAUGHT IN
HEAVY STORMS
Queen and Australia
Both Suffered.
A QUARTERMASTER DROWNED
WASHED OVERBOARD FROM THE
QUEEN OFF FLATTERY.
The Australia's Hurricane Deck and
Main Saloon and Steerage
Flooded on Her Trip
Here.
Two ocean steamers bearing marks of a
tussle with the elementa reached port yes
terday. They were the Queen from Piiget
; ports and the Australia. The
Queen waa caught in a southeaster, and
during it one of the quartermasters was
•washed overboard and drowned. The
Australia ran into a northwester and was
badly kl.im. .
In talking about the trip of the Queen
rday Captain Jepsen said: "\\ •
' 'i- B. <■.. at 8 p. m. Decembi
and at S a. m. on the 31st we ran I
south.: aster. It blew a living gale and the
•■ over the ship on all
Charles Richman was the quartermaster
on the bridge, and at 10:30 a. m. he w< i I
down to call the boatswain. Just as he
got in front of the pilot house a bi|
camo over the bow and carried Rt
away.
"He must have been thrown heavily
against the woodwork, for when hi came
up abaft the bridge I .could see the Mood
running out of his mouth and nose." One
side seemed to be paralyzed.. because he
made no motion with one arm. while lie
put the other one out of the water once or
twice. A couple of life preserver^ were
thrown over to him, but he made no effort
to reach them. The steamer was stopped
and we backed and filled for twenty min
utes, but could do nothing more to help
the poor fellow. He came up once or
twice more and then sank forever."
Richman had no relatives here, but
made his home at "The White Cruiser"
Hotel on East street. Last month ho
started for Buffalo, N. V.. in order to be
.with his own people during the holidays,
but at Ogden he changed his mind and
came back to San Francisco. He rejoined
the Queen and went on his last voyage on
December 22.
The Australia brought up from Hono
lulu 24 cabin and 79 steerage passengers.
Of the' latter Z6 were convalescent sol
diers. The stout vessel started the new
year well by running into wester at
6 a. m. on the Ist.* By sundown it had in
creased to a gale accompanied by a high
swell and a very rough sea. "It made
things pretty lively." said Chief Officer
Lawless in telling about- the voyage. "At
1:30 a. m on the 2d a tremendous sea
broke aboard in the port waist. It burst
up the hurricane deck, smashed the main
rail, filled the lire room,- bursting the
steam gauges and putting out the lights,
which caused the firemen and coal pass
ers 'to come on deck in a hurry. It Hooded
the saloon and steerage, burst in the win
dow of the main companion way and in
vad.ed some of the staterooms. The gale
soon began to moderate; and yesterday at
" a; m. ii had died out."
LIKED TO START FIRES.
Little Frank Shay Terrorizes the Peo-
pie on "Mission Street.
The people living -ion street
will rest easily now that the little firebug
of the.hous
he will hi ■ to get into
chief. The buil< | by a num
ber of fan. 'ing are several
store.';. Some :.: ie of the rooms
was found to
locked. ': ; .. latter was burst in, and a
I with "ii v. as ■ found in
one corner. A careful inquiry developed
the fact 1 1
of age, was the one who set the tire. Of
-■. he was pm i It was
thought the spankirig red would
be a sufficient him from
dojns so again.
■-asion recently the room
of one
•its of a small
another room was found to ■
this time the lodgers were darmed
complaint was made to Secretary Wad
ham of the Eureka s
tion of Children. A warr
out for the hoy's arrest
h" was committed to tl ■ the
managers of the Vo-.
Supreme Court Officials
Supreme '*■ ii- ft Clerk Root and \ : <- force
took possession of the records
menu
■ things in runni .vithln
a few days, as soon as they I
r with the working of i
_■ that several of the old c!«?rka
have - - his will noi be d ,*!i
cult. JtidK'- Walter Van Dyke
his plao>- on the bench with the other Jus
tices early in the morning. He i.;:
place madi 1 by Judge Van 1 ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TETTER ON HANDS
Itl Ilii Uj^iiHiluo
Troubled for years. Sore AH
Over. Could not use them.
Spread over Arms, Neck and
Face. Smarted Like Fire.
Physicians no Benefit. Tried
CUTICURA. Immediate Relief.
Permanent Cure.
= " I had been troubled with tetter for several
"years. At times my hands would be sore all
° over, so that ,1 could not use them at all, and
• were bo tender that clear water, even, smarted
like 'fire, and it spread over arms, neck and
faoe. • I had been treated by physicians, but
without benefit, whi-n I began the Cuticura
. 'remedies. I found relief J»efore i had taken
• tlio rat bottle. I used tbfee or four bottles of
' Cutidura Resolvent; one cake of ('uticura Soap
and ojie b.>x of Cuticura (ointment), and it has
never troubled me since.
ELL, A CTJRZON,
March 10, IS9B. " Eppingham. 111.
BLOOD POISON CURED
S. • „ By Cuticura Resolvent
One of my children ran a rusty nail into his
foot, which was most painful. His blood Rot
out of order and sores broke out on his hands
and feet. ! rave him one bottle of Cuticura
Resolvent and used one cakfl of Cuticura
R ap, principally as a salve, and the child re-
covered. ' MRS." J. S. FUREN.
March 15, 1898. Mark ham. Fla.
CUTICURA~RESOLVENT
Begins "with the Blood and Ends with the
 • , Skin and Scalp.
That is to Bay, it purifies the blood and c!r-
culatlnK fluids of Humor Germs, and thus re-
tnovee'the cause, while warm baths with Cuti-
cuf^ Soap, and gentle anointing* with Cuticura
•(ointment); greatest of emollient skin cures,
° clflance.t&e skin and scalp of crusts and scales,
allay -ltehinK. burning: and inflammation, soothe
; and heal. .Thus are speedily, permanently and
economically cured the most torturing. d:sfl«-
-' urlng humors' of the skin, scalp and blood, with
loss -.of hair, when the best nhyslcians and all
other Yernedies fail.
. Bold throughout the world. Potter D. and C.
.Cjorp..° Sole Props., Boston. "How to Cure
Every. Humor," free. .
€AVP VftTTD SFFV Hands' and Hair by us-
• JAIL IVIiR kAin ing Cuticura Soap. ;
CAUGHT IIN /\ SOUTHEASTER.
THE steamer Queen had a terrible time of it coming down from Puget Sound. It blew a living gale,
and the vessel was swept again and again by the waves. When a hundred miles south-southeast of
Flattery a heavy sea broke aboard, and Charles Richman, a quartermaster, was swept overboard
and drowned. Last month Richman started East to spend the holidays with his relatives in Buifalo,
N. V.. but changed his mind at Ogden, and, coming back, reshipped on the Queen for the last voyage.
GALLAGHER
KILLED BY
MIKE FLYNN
I Evidence of Latter's
Guilt.
BOTH MEN WERE DRUNK
"billy" McDonald witnessed
the killing.
| The Ex-Prize Fighter Tried to Save
Him From Flynn's Fury, and
Was Himself Shot and
Killed.
Through the efforts of Detectives Cody |
and Dillon sufficient evidence has been i
>! to formally charge Mike Flynn, j
r, with the murder of Jim
Gallagher. They have in their possession
• itcmonts of several eye-witnesses
of the tragedy, all of whom state posi
tively that Flynn fired the fatal shot.
They witnesses will testify at the in
quest to-day that Flynn was In the saloon
drinking with Jerry Sullivan, the propri
etor, when Gallagher and "Billy" McDon
ald, who is well known in the tenderloin
district, entered. McDonald spoke to
Flynn and invited him to have a drink.
Flynn. it is claimed, was in an ugly mood,
and walking up to McDonald asked him
if it was true that he had been appointed
•y In Assessor Dodge's office.
McDonald replied that he had been
Lee in the office.
"You'll not go in his office if I can help I
it." angrily retorted Flynn. "I thinß :
.
He then struck McDonald, who Is a!
much smaller man. knocking him down,
gner, who was also under the Influ
•' liquor, then attacked Flynn. strik
ing him several times with his clenched
fists. Realizing he. was no match fur
[•her, the saloon keeper drew his re
ana fired. As his victim fell mor
tally wounded, Flynn passed the smok- :
Ing revolver to '"Captain" Saunders, a j
well-known character, with instructions
I rid of it. Saunders took the |
n to Tommy Nolan's saloon on Kllis ,
where it was given to the bar-'
• . A short time afterward McDon- j
aid visited the saloon and took possession :
of the revolver.
Last night both Nolan and McDonald
visited police headquarters and were
questioned by Captain Bohen.
Nolan said he knew nothing about the
• :• being given to his bartender, but
pron him and endeavor to com
pel him to tell the truth about the mat-
McDonald at first seemed reluctant
the story of the shooting, hut flnal-
Iraitted that he was indirectly the
cause of it.
I' : expected that he will describe in
detail how Gallagher was killed at the In
quest which is to be held this morning.
BRUTALLY ASSAULTED.
\ Mrs. Boyer of Ocean View Dragged
Out of Bed and Kicked.
William Sullivan, a young- hoodlum liv-
I ing at 133 Perry street, was booked at the !
City Prison yesterday afternoon by Police
• man Meyer on a charge of assault to
murder. The complaining witness, John
A. Boyer, and his brother-in-law, Charles
Maiser, wore with the officers when the
arrest was made.
Boyer and Maiser live on Plymouth and
Lobos streets .Ocean View. Sullivan was ,
acquainted with them, and Friday night
ne wen to Boyer 1 a residence, knowing !
that Boy< was not at home, as he is em-
Ployed as night watchman by the Soring
' rntt!»n V a t e 1 ' ,\ Vorks - He demanded ad
mittanc. but .Mrs. B .y.-r. who was sick
M" b> " *•« her liaby - told him to go away.
■He broke op, the door and dragged Mrs*
'llV I ']'" ° f bfd. ii. Jumped on her and
kicked i her until she screamed with pain.
! He rushed out of the h USe and intO Mai
ser s hov e. Seizing a carving-knife and
? n I;'';-."! rope he rushed out again? shout
ing , that he was going to kill Mrs. i
B r y ' Lo ■ TaP Otang, grocer on the cor
ner. heard Mis. Boyer's screams and he
went toner assistance, Sullivan broke 1
two ■ chairs over his head and laid him
"" n ' m^- been confined to his bed
Sullivan l^ft the house. on the scen e and
Sullivan left the house.
Mrs. Boyer has been under a physi
cian care since the brutal assault and
i f m m i' fe , ar ! W 7° ? nter tamed that she
! might die, but she Is recovering. Shp
cannot be questioned about the assault
yet, and when she does it Is expected that
she will say that Sullivan* attempted to :
outrage her . Otangr. as soon as he is able
to come to the city, will also swear out
a warrant for his arrest for assault to
murder. The police give Sullivan a bad
character. \
Youthful Elopers Married.
That love laughs at locksmiths was i
clearly demonstrated yesterday when
Herman B. Wfesterfeld Jr. and his sweet- j
heart, Oroveda Ramon, plump, pretty and '
sweet 16. stepped into the marriage 11- '
cense bureau accompanied hy their par
ents, and requested Cupid Danforth to fill
out a marriage license. The young couple
declare in fervent tones that they hay
loved each other for a year and all in'
spite of "Mamma' Ramon's protests As
voting Westerfeld failed to convince
"Mamma" Ramon that he would make a '
loving and dutiful son-in-law, the youth- j
fu! lovers eloped to Stockton last Thurs- '
day and were both arrested at that place I
by order of the girl's maternal parent and j
THE SAN FK AN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1899.
brought back to this city. Both learned
that eloping was not all it is cracked up
to be and their lesson bore fruits. Since
their return the young man made several
flank movements and finally succeeded in
getting "Mamma" Ramon's consent to the
marriage. After leaving the County
Clerk's office the party went directly to
the chambers of Justice Cook, who "tied
the knot.
HAS DROPPED THE CASE.
Attorney General Fitzgerald Moves
to Dismiss th« Suit Against the
Reduction Works.
Attorney General Fitzgerald has filed a
request with the clerk of the Superior
Court to dismiss the proceedings In the
case of the People vs. the Sanitary re
duction Works.
In explanation he says that the attor
neys for the relator neglected to inform
him that tthe question of the highest bid
der has already been determined and the
time in which to make an appeal has
lapsed. This question he considered the
chief one in the case. The remaining
point, the alleged unlawful exercise of the
franchise of the Sanitary Reduction
Works, he is convinced, from the testi
mony taken, is the result of a mere per
sonal and private disagreement between
the individual scavengers and the Reuuc
tion Works.
Proposed Colonial Fair.
The regular monthly meeting of the
trustees of the Mechanics' Institute last
evening was devoted principally to the
possibility of holding the contemplated
Colonial fair next September at the Pa
vilion. President Ernest A. Denicke out
lined the purpose of the undertaking and
declared that it was almost impossible for
the institute to obtain the necessary ex
hibits without aid. He suggested that
the institute combine with the Merchants'
Ase latlon, the Agricultural Association
and other local commercial institutions
for the purpose of conjointly framing
requisition for national aid to be forward
ed to Congress for a liberal appropriation
to further and accomplish the proposed
fair. On motion of one of the trustees a
resolution to place the four or five thou
sand reference books, now kept under
lock and key. Into general circulation was
pro), used and unanimously adopted. The
following members of the institute will
be candidates for membership on the
board of trustees for the coming year, the
election to be held on the 2Sth of next
February: Walter N. Brunt, Ernest A.
Denicke, Lewis C. Huntly, Sheldon G.
Kellogg, Rodney Kendrick, Dr. F. J.
I.ane, Henry C. Langrehr, Dr. J. P. Le
}•". i. L. \\ . Lovey, John McLaren, Rob
ert W. Neal, JCharlea M. Plum, P. H.
Keardon. Horace Wilson. Denicke, Ken
drick. McLaren, Neal, Plum and Wilson
are at present members of the board of
trustees.
New Officers Banqueted.
The banquet in honor of the installa
tion of thtj recently elected officers of
California Chapter No. 5 of Royal Arch
Masons was held last evening at the Ma
sonic Temple on Post street. Over two
hundred members of the chapter and in
vited friends were present, many of the
most prominent of whom proposed appro
priate toasts in honor of the occasion.
The officers installed are as follows:
High priest, John Tonningsen; king,
Harry Baehr} scribe. Robert N. Carson;
treasurer, "William J. Smith; secretary.
Franklin H. Day; captain of the host,
Charles Bone; principal sojourner, Henry
Ascroft; royal arch captain, Jacob G.
Leibold; master of the third vail, Wil
liam R. .loaf, master of the second vail,
John Bennett; master of the first vail,
Thomas J. Fra*er; organist, Samuel D.
Mayer; guard, Joseph YY. Adams. The
retiring high priest, Charles W. Decker,
was presented with a magnificent case of
silverware by Secretary Franklin H. Day
on behalf of the members of the chapter.
Installation of Officers.
On January 1, 1899, the Mission Pro
gressive Lyceum of San Francisco in
stalled the following officers: Officers of
the Lyceum Association— W. T. Jones,
president; Harry Hargrave, vice presi
dent J. T. Roberts, secretary; Mrs. M. A.
Clark, treasurer; A. J. Colby, C. Eber
hardt and Mrs. Sadie Eberhardt, trus
tees.
Officers of the Lyceum proper— W. T.
Jones, conductor; Mrs. L. S. Drew, assist
ant conductor; Mrs. Pfeiffor, guardian of
groups; L. S. Schroder, librarian; A. R.
Merrill, musical director; Pearl Bryson,
assistant musical director; Lena (.'lark,
pianist; A. J. Colby, Miss Lottie Llew
ellyn, guards.
Their Protests Heard.
The contest over the election of Daniel
O'Brien by Thomas E. Brophy, the candi
date who was defeated for the Assembly
in the Thirty-lirst Assembly District, was
taken up yesterday afternoon in Justice
Barry's court. The successful candidate
only won by a narrow margin and Brophy
entered a protest on the grounds tnat
gross frauds were perpetrated by design
ing and Incompetent election officers, and
that O'Brien's nomination was made in
an irregular manner. I,eon E. Jones' pro
test over the seating of J. C. Wardell as
Assemblyman from the Thirty-ninth As-
Bembly District was partially heard by
Justice of the Peace Kerrigan. Both mat
ters will be taken up again to-day.
Bill Board Nuisance Checked.
The billboard nuisance, which has re
cently assumed unusual proportions, has
been stopped in its further growth. The
ordinance recently passed by the Board
of Supervisors was signed yesterday by
Mayor Phelan and thus becomes a law.
In * anticipation of this the firms
controlling the boards throughout the city
have commenced to shave them down to
the desired proportions. In addition to
being a menace to life and limb, the
boards were unsightly affairs and detract
ed from the beauty of the city.
To Protect Passengers.
Captains J. K. Bulger and O. F. Bolles,
local inspectors of hulls and boilers, have
issued a circular requiring all steamboat
companies whose vessels are similar in
construction to the T. C. Walker, to em
ploy an extra licensed engineer. In the
ill-fated Walker the engines were in one
part of the boat and the boilers in an
other, while she carried but one engineer.
WESTERN UNION
EXEMPT FROM
THE WAR TAX
Important Decision by
Judge Morrow.
— — — _
ITS PATRONS MUST PAY IT
NO UNSTAMPED MESSAGES MAY
BE TAKEN BY THE COMPANY.
Any Person Filing a Telegram With
out Affixing a Stamp Is Liable
to a Fine of One Hun
dred Dollars.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
filed an opinion yesterday on the demur
rer submitted by the Western Union Tel
egraph Company in the case of J. Waldere
Kirke against that company which prac
tically amounts to a dismissal of the case
and exempts the big corporation from
its share of the war tax.
Kirke some months ago filed an un
stamped telegram in the office of the com
pany. The operators refused to send the
message, and he accordingly brought suit
against the company in the United States
courts. A demurrer was filed in the case
by the telegraph company in which it con
tended that as it would have been subject
to a fine of $10 for receiving an unstamped
message, it was perfectly justified in re
jecting any message which did not bear
a duly canceled stamp.
In his opinion Judge Morrow takes the
same ground as the company and sustains
the demurrer. He cites sections 6, 7, 9 and
18 of the war revenue bill. Section 7 of
this bill Imposes a line of $luo upon any
person who shall make, sign or issue any
taxable paper and neglect to stamp and
cancel the same.
Section 18 of this bill imposes a fine of
$10 upon any telegraph company for send
ing such message in such case. The court
accordingly holds that Kirke should have
stamped his message and is liable in the
som of $100 for filing it, while the com
pany might have been fined $10 had it re
ceived and transmitted it.
The point involved is. Who shall pay
the tax? and the court holds, under the
sections quoted, that the sender must fur
nish the stamp.
A Bellboy Arrested.
Romaine Angel, a bellboy In the Palace
Hotel, was arrested yesterday morning by
Detectives Egan and Gibson and locked
up in "the tanks" at the City Prison.
A number of small articles of Jewelry
have been missing from the rooms of
g\n sts and an opal pin valued at JiO.
which was stolen from the room of A. H.
Wheelhouse, a commercial traveler, in
Octotbcr last, was 1 raced to Angel. It is
not known yet whether he will be prose
cuted. He was a friend of Stephen Hard
ing, the ex-bellboy at the St. Nicholas
Hotel, who was arrested for attempting
to strangle and rob Henry Charles in the
St. Nicholas recently.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-«-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-
-HI B Hc*si H b B Q
Jg| HAVE YOU SCIATICA?
WK HAVE YOU LUMBAGO?
J&fL HAVE YOU BACK PAINS?
JjfljMKKmSWjlß It is a mistaken idea to drug your stomach
m&S&BEJBBJ for pains which are the result of exposure,
B^^^^S^S^ strain or weakness. Go direct to the disease.
mp^M Electricity is the only way to do that. I
have thousands of cures by this method
ffflMfflg H after the failure of all -forms of drug treat-
II MY ELECTRIC BELT CURES.
i^ll |||r Let me show you how those troubles yield
lIH JUs to E' ectr i c applied every day or night.
Bar HH Let me give you the names of thousands who
' E|p Ws have been cured by it. The proof is conclu-
-1B W> sive. Every town in the State sends grateful
6- lf|.- &®p\. reports of cures. Book about it free. Con-
A SB *»^^' l^LisLJ sultation and advice free. Call or address
DR. A, T. SANDEN, * — — — — f
702 M»rket Btreet, Corner K.trny, Sin Franeiioo. NOT IN DRUG STORES.
Office hours. Ba. m. to Bp. m. : Sundays, 10
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 West ' I>. Sanden's Electric Belt j
Second street; Portland, Or., 253 Washington Is never sold in drus stores |
street; Denver, Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street; nor by traveling agents; only I
Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street; Butte, Mont., I at our office.
110 North Main street. if. it
JACK RAFFAEL
HAS LEFT HIS
WIFE AND CHILD
The Singer Faithless
to His Vows.
TROUBLE OVER AN ESTATE
HE WAS GIVEN NONE OF HIS
FATHER-IN-LAW'S MONEY.
The Deserted Woman Was the
Daughter of J. Ross Jackson,
Journalist and Bo
hemian.
Jack Raffael, he of the sweet voice and
scarred face, departed unceremoniously
for the East about six weeks ago, leaving
his wife and baby to mourn his loss.
Mrs. Raffael has gone with her child to
her mother's home In Sausalito, where the
saddest part of the sad story will prob
ably happen— the birth of a little one, who
will never know the protecting love of a
father.
Raffael, whose name stripped of all the
glitter of stage life, is John R. Johnson,
was married three years ago to Carrie
Jackson, only child of the late well-known
newspaper man, J. Ross Jackson. The
marriage from the very start was not a
happy one, and the friends of the Jackson
family did not hesitate to sa-- that the
Tivoli singer had married the heiress for
the sake of the fortune she would eventu
ally inherit. A year after the marriage a
child was born to the mismated couple, a
little boy, that bears the name of a father
and grandfather. J. Ross Jackson Raffael.
Raffael's mistreatment of his wife was
of the refined cruelty sort, in which a con
temptuous neglect played a leading role.
A favorite nnstime of the singer was to
forget all family ties for several days in
erucci ssion, carrying the game to the ex
tent of utter oblivion of home and family.
Ross Jackson left an estate amounting
to about $40,000. and he so arranged it that
the Tivoli favorite had no direct part in
it. Those in a position to know declare
that Raffael's desertion of wife and child
is the direct result of this disposition
made by Ross Jackson of his estate, a dis
position that did not coincide with the
singer's ideas of how a father-in-law's
wealth should be divided.
HAS MILITARY LOCKJAW.
Senator Stewart of Nevada Refuses
to Discuss Anything.
United States Senator William M. Stew
art of Nevada arrived at the Palace yes
terday. The Senator has a very bad case
of military lockjaw, and the only things
he would consent to discuss were his
meals.
When asked what was the status of af
fairs in Congress rr-garding the annexa
tion of the Philippines and his own posi
tion on this present interesting question
he refused to say a word. Being interro
gated as to the significance of his visit to
San Francisco, he replied that he was
here because he wanted to come and be
cause he had a right to come. Regarding
his chances of re-eiection Senator Stew
art refused positively to say a word. He
declared that he was letting the- other
fellows do the talking, and that he had
no statement to make, and that he de
sired to be let alone and given surcease
from notoriety.
St. Rose's School.
St. Rose's School, Brannan street,
opened yesterday with a fair attendance
after being closed since the great fire.
The building was blessed and dedicated
by the pastor, Rev. D. Nugent, with ap
propriate ceremonies and a select choir.
The children and teachers then repaired
to the magnificent church, .where bene
diction of the blessed sacrament was
given, and the religious exercises closed
with the rendering of the "Te Deum."
St. Rose's parish is now fully equipped,
and Father Nugent has one of the finest
churches in the city, a palatial residence
and a school with all modern improve
ments.
The Sloper Divorce Case.
Judge Belcher yesterday made an order
denying Kate E. Sloper a divorce from
her husband, Ira M. Sloper. The court
also refused to entertain the application
on the part of Sloper for divorce from his
wife on his cross-complaint. Mrs. Sloper
was ordered to reconvey her husband cer
tain properties placed in her name prior
to Sloper's departure for Guatemala, an
act which led his wife to instigate suit
for divorce on the ground of desertion,
but which it was proved during the trial
was consented to by Mrs. Sloper.
In Grateful Acknowledgment.
The ladies of the Frances( a Relief So
ciety gratefully acknowledge, through
Mrs. T.uke Robinson, checks for the fol
lowing amounts: From Claus Spreckels,
$100- Adolph B. Spreckels. $100: Thomas
II Williams Jr.. $100; Mayor J. D. Phdan,
$20; James V. Coleman, $20; Dr. M. Herz
stein, $20; Mrs. E. Barron, $10; Mrs. Emi
lie Donohoe, $10.
Indictments Against Irwin.
Tho Federal Grand Jury yesterday
found two indictments apainst Charles
Irwin, the counterfeiter who was arrest
ed last Thursday at St. Helena and
brought to this city by Secret Service
Agent R. S. Browne. One indictment
ohnrpes him with havinp in his pos
sion molds and the other counterfeit coin,
coin.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NERVOUS .DEPRESSIOST
[A TALK WITH MRS. PINKHAM.]
A woman with the blues is a very un-
comfortable person. She is illogical,
unhappy and frequently hysterical.
The condition of the mind known as
" the blues," nearly always, with wo-
men, results from diseased organs of j
generation.
It is a source of wonder that in this, |
age of advanced medical science, any !
person should still believe that mere i
force of will and determination will
overcome depressed spirits and nerv-
ousness in women. These troubles are
indications of disease.
Every woman who doesn't under-
stand her condition should write to
Lynn, Mass., to Mrs. Pinkham for her
advice. Her advice is thorough com-
mon sense, and is the counsel of a
learned woman of great experience.
Read the story of Mrs. P. S. Bennett,
Westphalia, Kansas, as told in the fol-
lowing letter:
" Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I have suf-
fered for over two years with falling,
enlargement and ulceration of the
womb, and this spring, being in such
a weakened condition, caused me to
flow for nearly six months. Some time
ago, urged by friends, I wrote to you
for advice. After using the treatment
which you advised for a short time,
that terrible flow stopped.
"I am now gaining strength and
flesh, and have better health than I
have had for the past ten years. I
wish to say to all distressed, suffer-
ing women, do not suffer longer, when
there is one so kind and willing to
aid you."
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound is a woman's remedy for wo-
man's ills. More than a million wo-
men have been benefited bj r it
j^^^^^^^. Doctor
Ijgpw^ll M E V E R S
iSf <^9|§Mf|ft Specialists for Men
wi^iplif^w^ x ° Par Tm €ared "
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS- „ Alj J J FREE.
Thousands cured at home;
ah letters confidential. > 0 Charge for Consultation.
731 market ST., }E»evat.r Entrance.
lO\ SAX FIUNCISCO I Elevat » r Entrance.
AMUSEMENTS^
COMEDY THEATER.
Formerly the Popular Bush.
PACKED TO THE DOORS WITH LAUGHING
AUDIENCES.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THE WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Greatest of All Funny Comedians. •
OTT BROTHERS,
In the Latest Laughing Farce Comedy Success,
ALL ABOARD!
The Funniest Farce Comedy Ever Written.
A BEVY OF LOVELY WOMEN.
PRICES 15c, 25c, :Jsc. KOo
MATINEES 15c and 25e
Seats Secured at Box Office and Emporium.
January 9— Stowe's Big Spectacular Produc-
tion of "UNCLE TOM'S CABIN."
IuUiWDuU 5 tHUiiil? house
V alter Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Mana«eii
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THE WEEK.
HI HENRY'S
• • • lESICZI • • •
If JL AGGREGATION. JLj
crr\ «ll WHITE EZ.{~\
v -' PERFORMERS! Zj\^f
ALL OTHER MINSTREL ORGANIZATIONS
COMPLETELY ECLIPSED.
POPULAR PRICES we Inc. 50c
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng:. Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS EVENING,
A NEW EDITION OF
Our Successful Holiday Spectacle,
THE YELLOW
A DELIGHT FOR YOUNG AND OLD. .
NOVELTIES EVERY NIGHT.
NEW BONGS, DANCES, SPECIALTIES.
MATINEE NEXT SATURDAY AT 2.
Popular Prices 2f,c and 50c
N. B.— Reserved Seat for the Matinee.... 2sc j
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
j Secure Your Seats in Advance.
•jf^tp
■".. . ■ •
An old German woman, living in a Kansas town, says of Ripans Tabulesi
••When we came out to Kansas, eighteen years ago, we were very poor and we
had a big family. I had to work very hard in the house and outside, too,
milking cows, slopping hogs, picketing horses, making garden and so on. 2
was far from my relatives and didn't like the country. . I didn't know nobody, ,
so I stayed at home and worried. "We had a hard time of it. No fruit, no
vegetables, no nothing. Such living was enough to ruin anybody's insldes.
After a while my stomach got out of order, and grow worse and worse. I lost
my appetite. Nothing tasted good. I was troubled with sourness and gulp-
Ings. Then I got to be cros3 as a boar. I was downhearted too. I felt kind
of drowsy most of the time, and had no courage for anything. I dreamt the
ewfulaot dreams. Bet I didn't think 7. was' bad sick, and doctors cost too
much and may bo don't do any good. At last, my brother in Philadelphia
Bent me nome Ripans Tabules. He said they were good for my case. I used
feiem and then got more. Soon I was well again, almost like whan Iwu ft
fjri to Germany^ .
AMUSEMENTS.
V*W| BB ui T gOI/'i »«*«»
"TAKE YOUR HAT OFF."
- ; SUCCESSFUL AS EVER.
THE QUAINT COMEDIAN,
WILLIE COLLIER
In the Farcical Triumph,
THE MAN
FROM MEXICO.
In the farcical triump
ALL THIS AND. NEXT WEEK.
j January 16.— FRANK DANIELS COMIC
OPERA COMPANY.
(Mltmla
LAST 5 MATINEE SATURDAY.
The greatest aggregation extant*
The biggest hit in years. ;
W. H. WEST'S
Bis Minstrel Jilee.
EXTRA !— Next Monday
ONE WEEK ONLY
EDWIN MAYO
\': : --- "■ IN Mark Twain's ...
"PUDD'NHEAD WILSON."
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Wednesday), January 4.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; balcony, lOo; child-
ren, 10c, any part.
THE SENSATION OF THE CITY.
GREATER THAN EVER.
PAPINTA ! PAPINTA !
In Her Bewitching, Bewildering Myriad Dance*.
ANNA TERESA BERGER, Cornet Virtuose.
DELTORILLI BROS.. Musical Grotesques.
PI EAR MORIN, ROSE EYTINGE and
CLEMENT BAINBRIDGE. in "That Over-
HORACE GOLDEN. MONS. AND MME. RO-
FIX. RILEY AND HUGHES and THE RAP-
PO SISTERS. '
AT PA7AD BEATS BTPHONB
ALL/AXAK Main 254.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY. ,
HOYT'S
MIDNIGHT
T~y T? T T f
UJL 4 1— < A— t x !■■■■■
L. R. Stockwell as the Deacon.
:25c. F^F^ir^F^Ci soc,
l-Se. r— rci\_- .*=,» 35c,
NEXT WEEK— "THE MAGISTRATE."
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St.. Cop. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hal!
ANOTHER GREAT EASTERN STAR. ,
QUERITA VINCENT,
New York's Sensational Dancer.
Continued Success of
KELLY AND VIOLETTE.
Last Week of
THE GREAT CONCHITA
AND THE
THREE LEANDRO BROS.
* , . '. TEN ALL-STAR ACTS.
; MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE.
CONCERTS AND BESORTS.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
THURSDAY EVENING AND SATURDAY
MATINEE. January 5, 7.
ROSEDITHAL!
Prices $1, $2 and $3. . Sale of seats at Sher-
man, Clay & Co. STEINWAY PIANO USED.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
i CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
, Winter Meeting 1898-99, beginning TUESDAY.
Dec. 27, to SATURDAY, Jan. 7, inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK,
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thur*»
' day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp. " :
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th»
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— leave the Track at 4--l#
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last race,
THOa H. ..WILLIAMS JR., President.
, R. B. MILROY. Secretary. ■
TLJC*
• • i no •' •
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO 11.
EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10, INCLUDING HORSES.
78
C. T. ARNOLD'S
ESTATE HAS
DISAPPEARED
Money and Property
All Gone.
OTHERS CLAIM HIS SALOON.
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR LOOK
ING INTO THE CASE.
Secures Special Letters of Adminis
tration From Judge Troutt—Be
longed to a Wealthy lamily
in Germany.
J. A. Drinkhouse, the new Public Ad
ministrator, took charge of the office
to which he was elected yesterday and
his lirst official act was to instruct At
torney A. Ruef to file an application for
special letters of administration on the
, -t:it.= of C. T. Arnold, who died of pneu
monia Sunday night in a lodging house
at 126 Fifth street. The reason given for
the haste is that the deceased was pos
sessed of considerable' property which
was . sing usurped by parties having no
right to the same. Judge Troutt granted
the application and steps were at once
taken to ascertain the whereabouts of
the decedent's assets.
"/Arnold was until recently the owner of
-.he saloon at 211 Grant avenue. He had
fSOOO in the Humboldt- Savings Bank and
.was possessed of jewelry valued at nearly
JUuhV. including a gold watch and chain,
diamond ring, diamond pin, gold headed
i';ih*> and a diamond studded locket, be
sides land in Santa Clara and Monterey
counties. The saloon is in the possession
of her parties, William Green and
Thomas Conroy, who claim to hold a bill
t>t .sale for the same; the jewelry was
taken by John Hayes, a friend of Arnold;
the money has disappeared completely
nnd nothing finite is yet known con
cerning any title to the real estate he
Is said to have owned.
Arnold, who was about 40 years old,
was a son of a large landowner at Man
helm, Germany, a man said to have been
immensely wealthy and who associated
on terms' of intimacy with the nobility.
Like many another scion of a wealthy
house, young Arnold was extremely wild.
11. was the black sheep of the family.
and because of his escapades in the land
of liis birth he was practically disowned
and sent to America about twelve years
ago. He came direct to San Francisco
and for a number of - years made a
•humble living, working in livery- stables
and on ranches, being at one time em
ployed by the late Senator Stanford on
his Palo Alto ranch. Several years ago
he went to Salinas, and is said to have
purchased a valuable ranch in Monterey
County with money sent him by his fa
ther;- He returned to this city in the
early part of last year with his pockets
full of money and purchased a saloon on
Sixth street. Three months ago he dis
posediof the Sixth-street place and pur
chased the saloon at -:1 Grant avenue.
About- December 1 he sold a half interest
in ■ tho. place to Thomas Conroy. Green
claims to have bought out Arnold's re
maining Interest a month' ago. but the
hitter's friends say Arnold never gave
them any intimation that ho had sold
(ftu and that the sign of Green & Conroy,
which now appears over the door, was
Hoi put up until Monday, the day after
Arnold's death.
Id's father died Beveral months
S : dse he sent
and Arnold is be
ed more money from
• r with the
.\ t )',•■ bank, early in
what the Public Adminls
lly anxious to locate. He
wing what be
- alleged to havo
oh.
1 Id was aceus
lay tli" races heavily, and it
be tii.i! ; tins money in
this i The Public Administrator
: i ;!•••• ii to produce th" bill (if
loon and also any papers
he may have which belong to the dead
man. Hayes has also been notified to
turn over the jewelry In his possession
and letters ilry have been ,]js
hed to Mont- rev and Santa I
ties in an ef I to ascertain if
Id had any property in either as
claimi
Arnold's only surviving relative, so far
as known, js a brother in Germany, who
Inherited the family estates.
ROSENTHAL'S
TRIUMPHANT
TECHNIQUE
al's first concert in San
■. at the Metropolitan- Temple
night, is best desi ribed as a triumph
technique is ;!..■ word, rirst,
mi] all the time. And do not misun
■md n;.-. l do not mean the mere
physical accomplishment of the mechan
bnique with I. rains in it.
Muscle :'-:<l mentality are closely wedded
111 t! ■ nthal; a:.d his play
ln * '' il, musiclanly, as
well as marvelously acrobatic. His is 'the
technique that is unerringly telegraphed
from the that almost it seems
he thinks with his fingers. Technique is
the even half of any art. and .
inly has polished that portion of his
to a point that is almoai incredible It is
only seeing that will make you i
what tins man can do with two hands
. and one piano. He is the wizard of the
What Ilns.i.tha! la n.,t is a great poet,
lie hasn't the passion,, the fancy, the
humor, the thrill, of a great poet." ' He
■ fc-np you, as sometimes Pader
ewski does, where your heart beats and
yottrlunga nil. 11- is not an emotionalist,
. anil h ;\ ! , ! along that exquisite
'"'•' which . the sublime from the
hysterical. l here is nothing inspired
about him. Hia Interpretations are large
sonorous, sympathetic, full of good feel
ing and of abundant culture, but they do
not transport you to another world 'You
amazed, d< tight* d; that is ail '
.:: lma^i!:. myself in time growing
ed to the prodigious technique
01 Mr. Rosenthal. Why not? h,. takes it
matter of curs... li.- j s a man with*
• out mannerism and without personal show
:iy sort; a simple gentleman, short
:•• and fair, with kindly unimportant
and hair only moderately indicative
of his calling. A suber musician to all
■ effect vii. sational nu
of his angers, and an artist that you
cannot afford to miss. 1 not en
thrall you by sheer fore- of tempera
ment, as the throbbing ! . t l ut . s
and though his technique is something to
galvanize you. you can learn to take it
1. !■ what it is— tlu finest in the world and
yet never moro than the informed ,
sion of an artistic idea.
The recital began with Beethoven's
Hotiata, op. 109, and the sonata began
■with the prestissimo, for it was not until
Rosenthal had glided into this division of
it that either he or the late-coming audi
appeared at anything like normal
advantage. The prestissimo and the an
dante with variations he read with sym
pathetic emphasis and clear, beautiful
articulation, it was a refined, legitimate
performance, but in no sense wonderful.
The wond.rs cam.- next in Schumann's
Carnival, which, apart from the immense
technical display, brought out a ■
of mood and c^lor. and in the closing
march the most audacious and effective
employment of fortissimo that 1 have
heard on the pianoforte. The Carni
\al -was a remarkable performance. At
times It lacked in humorous fancy, but on
the whole it was splendid, full of glitt.r
ing description and tonal Variety and
simply Invincible in the great, glorious
ih of the march. Then followed four
Chopin pieces, ending with Rosenthal'a
famous arrangement of the D flat maior
waltz in thirds, sixths, octavos and what
<n say nothing of the first theme Bet
.interpoint against the second.
A familiar piece like this worked up
into such unfamiliar complications and
played lucidly and without effort at
schedule speed could have but one effect
on the audience. They noised for more,
and Mr. Rosenthal played it over again
without taking an extra breath.
The complete programme was printed in
yesterday's Call, and at this hour, with
Sacramento politics clutching out for
every inch of space in the paper, 1 shall
not attempt a descriptive catalogue of
every number. The concert ended with
the Liszt "Don Juan" fantasy, a work of
Satanic difficulty and one that sounded
Mr. Rosenthal at his best. He made it
fairly sizz and sparkle under those
masterful hands of^^ STEVENS .
In the Divorce Courts.
Eva R. AMeira has sued Joaquin Vieira
for a divorce, alleging failure to provide
as a cause of action. Suits for divorce on
the ground of cruelty have been filed by
Emma H. Butler against Richard G. But
ler and Jeanne Viarques against Domi
nlque Viarques.
EXPRESS CAR SAFE
LOOTED BY OUTLAWS
Successful Hold-TJp of a Passenger
Train on a Railway in
Missouri.
MANSFIELD, Mo., Jan. 3.— The ninth
and first successful attempt at train rob
bery on the line of the Kansas City, Fort
Scot! and Memphis Railroad occurred to
night at 8:65 near Maeomb. a small sta
tion live miles east of this point. Ma
comb being a flag station, one of the rob
bers got aboard the westbound train at
Norwood, the first station east of Ma
comb, paying his fare to Maeomb and
compelling the train to stop there. It was
immediately boarded by five or six
masked men. who, covering all members
of the train crew with Winchesters and
pers, compelled the engineer and
fireman to cut loose from the remainder
of the train.
The mail, baggage and express cars
were then run up the line about two miles
and stopped in a lonely cut, where i^n
gineer Callender was placed in front of
the robbers and forced to break open the
of the exprss car. After this he was
placed in front of the furemost robber
and together they entereu the express car,
the robbers covering Southern Express
Messenger Newton and Baggageman Sie
ben with their pistols, forcing them to
adjourn to the outside of the car. They
then proceeded to dynamite the through
Two charges of dynamite were used.
completely demolishing the burglar-proof
if the Southern Kxpress Company
and playing havoc with the car and its
contents. The safe was rifled, but the
robbers did not attempt to molest the
passengers. _
EIGHTH CALIFORNIA
TO BE MUSTERED OUT
Included Among the Regiments Soon
to Quit Uncle Sam's
Service.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— Secretary Al
' ger to-day made public a partia. list of
the regiments and other organizations
which, as a result of the signing of the
Paris peace treaty, it has been decided to
muster out of the service. The list in
cludes twelve full regiments and two In
d( pendent companies and three heavy
batteries of artillery, approximating 16.
--000 or more men, which, with their pres
: tin location, are as follows:
In Alabama— Sixty-ninth New York.
Third Florida, both at Huntsville; Third
Tennessee, at Anniston.
In Georgia— Companies A and B, Indi-
I ana Colored Infantry at Chicamauga;
Third North Carolina and Sixth Virginia
Macon; Third New Jersey and Fif
. Pennsylvania at Athens.
In South Carolina — South Carolina
Heavy Battery at Sullivans Island;
Fourth Missouri at Greensville; Second
Tennessee at Columbia; Ninth Ohio at
Summerville.
In Texas— Third Texas at Fort Clark.
In California— Eighth California at Be
nicia Barracks, Heavy Batteries B and (J,
California Artillery.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Patents and Pensions for Deserving
Westerners.
WASHINGTON, Jan. li.-Paclfic Coast
ranted to-day as follows:
California— Charles A. Conger, San
Francisco, snap hook; Augustus S. Coo
per. San Francisco, method of and appar
atus for extracting bitumen from sand;
, .lames H. Culver, San Francisco, calipers;
Charles F. Fernald and E. J. Kartem,
Santa Paula, holder for flypaper; Thos.
Harding, San Jose, nut lock; Joseph H.
Jory. San Francisco, electrolytic reducing
and amalgamating sluice; Frank Kortick,
San Francisco, pick: William S. Ray, San
Francisco, camp stove.
1 Oregon— William S. Plue. Rannier. door;
1 Jacob Gerstle, I'ortland, grinder and
! amalgam.
P< nsiona for Californians: Original
ly. tae R. Brown, Paso Robles, $0; Thomas
K. Bonner, dead, L.os Angeles. $6: Qer
. Ostrander, Stockton. $•}; James GU-
I' iple, Los Angeles. $<). Restoration and
additional— Henry W. Cotton, dead, Ala
meda. $4 to $12. Original widows, etc. —
Ann X. Cotton, Alameda. $<v Mexican
war widows— Ann M. Snyder, Oakland, $S.
Original— James H. Randall. Bayles, $v;
; James (j. Magulre, Veterans' Home,
I Napa, (8.
Oregon— Original: Lewis Plats, New
[ burg, $»j. Original widows, etc.— Annetta
n, Portland. 18.
Washington: Original— George Forester,
: ;.:■-. f6j William 1.. -Meiiagh, dead,
■ Id, Tl-. original widows, etc.— lda J.
'< Burgert, Seattle, $12.
More Rain Is Needed.
WOODLAND, Jan. ".—The optimistic
dispatches now appearing in the metro
politan press, the tenor of which is that
grain crops are now assured, are mis
leading. The hay crop is the only one
that Ifl now reasonably sure, and even
that may turn out to be a failure. Eight
D inches more rain is necessary to
insure a good grain crop. A number of
■ is iii Western Yolo have made the
discovery that .some of their grain sown
early in the season has rotted and it will
be necessary to r-
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Byron M Stewart. Carson
H <; Btevenson, Menlo A P Chirm, Ky
Mrs Stevenson, Menlo Mlra Bradbury L Ang
J R Truell. N V I. i: Drtesaeu, Pacto
It A ]■" Parlow. Mass H E Veatch
!■■ 1' Murphy, s .1 ■, Blanchet. Portlnd
Mr .v Mrs Kuan.. Oak W M Kit.. Stanford
I. Metayer, N V W H Cook, Bakersfleld
>' 1- 1 "ever. 1 IK H Orifflth. X V
1; Larrieu, Pans N-' ;i Parr A w, < >itkln>l
N Bowden. S Jose
>!rs McGlllwsy, BC l|
NEW WESTERN HOTEI*
C J atddlnga, Vt J Hardy
1; w Qlddlnc*, vt J Cloughly cal
.1 McKensie, Bay City J F Rose. Seattle
C .r ■:■' f.rlPte, lnd C A Mo., re N J
.1 \v Jackson. Kan t R (Haas, Va
1' H RoMbacb, N V J E Jupp. Seattle
F Jago A v.. s Joae .1 it Ron a- w B C
.1 <; Onutott, s .Jus.- p a MouJter, s Jose
C A Nelson, I'-taluma T L Carson Or
J Nelson, s Joae ■•, Or
J H Hall. Petaluma
GRAND HOTEL.
V Mott & w, Sacto I' Henrich X V
Mrs II Wilson. Colusa Mrs W Ast, Berlin
J McLaren, Vallejo W H. Ast. Berlin
A- J r> ii T ancls % chlcago W T Folllne, San Jose
W n Lees, Cal J Bass & » Cal
WP Mariner, Plaeervl W .1 Proctor. cal
'■ L Lincoln. Boston W A Fadden, Paris
L 1' Cebulla, N V T c I>prrln - San Jose
Mn J. HoUlrter. C A\ J w Mason - Seattle
USm B Holllster, Cal Mrs H Alt,,rrv, Colusa
.1 Maclay, Alameda IDr Q A Duncan Cal
C H Wood. Oakland .1 Stett. Ukiah ' '
W J Trask, Los An« M M.-I>on..u h & w Sac
s Grabb, Sutler Creek Miss X Steele Sacto
Dr T l Bailey '"■ P 3 Woodward. la«o
A NcwburKli Petaium R v. Skinner. Marysvl
A B Minor, Lincoln H Hessian,;. Victoria
<; W Scott. Madison i\v Glbbs Seattle
J H BarmfleW. <<:■.■■, H Block. Los An
? T H «'■ Bo V- 0^ A E Jo v. \Vats.,nville
E T Hebbron. Salinas L F Ilodtrc Alaska
C T Taylor. Boston E w Hamlin L^ui^vll
A J Larson, Lodl Miss ° Richards, Wash
D Undsav. Tesla Tee Chu Eureka
J N Scribner & w. Cal J Christen-on. Rio Vist
S Flint. Cal R Blrnle. Honolulu
J W Hoyt, Hanford Miss Miller. San Jose
H J Small. Los An* H.l Cochran. Stockton
The recent wreck of the steamship
Mnhogan on the Manacles, near the
Lizard, has led to the suggestion that
the disaster was due to the magnetic
influence of these rocks on the ship's
compass. Among those who favor the
view that the ship's compass was at
fault is Professor S. P. Thompson of
England, who hints that it is conceiv
able that in adjusting the compasses
before the voyage the compensation
had been applied in the wrong direc
tion
TliK SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1899.
LAWYERS' SCHEME
FINDS OPPOSITION
Business Men Back the
State Controller.
ADVICE TO COUNTY OFFICERS
FOOLISH TO BRING SUITS FOR
COMMISSIONS.
Sacramento Chamber of Commerce
Seeking to Have Annulled Con
tracts Designed Simply to
Enrich Attorneys.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 3.— The Cham
ber of Commerce of Sacramento is
making a determined effort to have an
nulled in the forty-two counties of the
State interested the contracts entered
into with Devlin & Devlin of Sacra
mento and Rodgers, Paterson & Slack
of San Francisco for the collection of
back commissions which it is asserted
by the attorneys are due the counties
from the State for the collection of
State taxes for a number of years past.
The chamber has appointed a commit
tee which to-day went before the Board
of Supervisors and made an argument
for the annulment of the contract en
tered into with Devlin & Devlin. The
argument followed the line of that
which has been made from time to time
in the editorial columns of The <'nll.
presenting the fact that the counties
would in the end have to bear the bur
den, by increased taxation, of the ex
pense which the State will seemingly
bear in paying the judgments aggre
gating $1,500,000 which the attorneys
hope to secure against the State Con
troller.
The Board of Supervisors took no
definite action upon the request of the
Chamber of Commerce for the rescind
ing of the contract, one member main
taining that it would be impracticable
fur one county to go outalone, inasmuch
as it would only lose in the event that
the other counties obtained judgment
against the State. The Chamber of
Commerce has pledged itself to support
the Controller in the defense of his
suits. The chamber has received the
following letter from the Controller,
copies of which will be sent to all other
mercantile and semi-public bodies in
the State for action similar to that
taken here: , _ „
Controller's Department, State of Cali
fornia, Sacramento, December 28. IKB.
j. O. Coleman, Esq., Secretary,.. f the
Chamber of Commerce— Dear Sir: In
reply to your favor of yesterday, ask
irg me to give my reasons why the
chums present, d by the various coun
ties against the State for back commis
sions or fees, for collecting the States
portion of taxes, should not be paid, 1
will state that there Js not much to add
to what has already been published in
the daily press.
Prior to M iy, 1893, it was costing the
State between $250,000 and $300,000 an
nually to meet this expenditure, and
was serving no good purpose, 1h ■
money was collected from the counties
In the way of taxes and then returned
to the counties to pay the expense of
. tion. The money did not go to
the county officers, but into the "salary
fund" of "the county treasury, and if
it were necessary for the county to
have this money, it were belter to col
lect it directly by the counties them
selves. In my report of D mber 15,
i called attention to this matter
in the following language:
"The necessity for a repeal of all tho
laws granting Commissions for the as
sessment and collection of State taxes
has been pointed out repeatedly by for
mer Controllers. There is not now a
county in the State in which the offices
of Auditor. Treasurer, 'Pax Collector
and Assessor are not salaried, and all
commissions received by these officers,
with the exception of the Assessors' <">
per cent commission on the collection
of personal property taxes, ere turned
Into the county treasury, and credited
to the salary fund. The present sys
tem is absurd— it is, in effect, trans
ferring money from one pocket to an
other, and losing a portion in the trans
fer.
"During the early days nf tho State gov
ernment, when county officials were al
lowed the fees received for the perform
ance of official duties tn lieu of a -
salary.it was just and right that the State
should allow commissions for services
red in connection with its revenue;
but that time lias passed, rind such a sys
tem is no longer necessary. Every per
son of ordinary Intelligence can readily
perceive that there is no economy in the
levy and collection of from $300,000 to $500.
--000 additional taxes in order that the State
may return this amount to the various
counties in the form of commissions."
In February. 1893, th* Legislature, fol
lowing out my suggestion, passed the act
abolishing these commissions, and it is
the validity of this law which is now at
tacked by the atorneva rerking to collect
these claims. The claims already present
ed aggregate over Sl.r>oo.ooo. and if the
courts decide tnat they must be pail ti 1
money will have to come from the coun
ties in the shape of an additional tax.
From the best information I can bi
the attorneys will receive about J7
fur collecting trie claims, all of which will
come out of tho pockets of the people
without a single resulting benefit. The
proposition is an utter absurcuty on its
face, and while T do not blamo the attor
neys fur seeking to earn their fees ffor
this is their livelihood). I am inclined to
the belief that no Board Of Supervisors
would have entered into such a contract
had they known what was hack of it.
Very truly, E. P. COLGAN,
Controller.
NO REVENUE STOMP
WAS ON HIS BOND
Peculiar Ground for an Attempt
to Oust a Newly Elected
Supervisor.
0 SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 3.— There was an exciting time this after- 0
O noon during the session of the new Board of Supervisors. Supervisor .0
,O. Linscott of Watsonville claimed Supervisor White's seat. The latter 0
0. held the certificate of election and the former has filed a contest. 0
O To-day Linscott, who has served as chairman for fou..* years, re- 0
0 fused to give.up his seat, under his attorney's advice. 0
0 C. E. Lindsay, attorney for Linscott, claimed that White had not 0
0 filed his bond as required by law, as the document purporting to be 0
0 such could never be introduced in evidence, as it did not have on 0
0 it the necessary revenue stamps. C. M. Cassin, attorney for White, 0
0 asserted that the Supervisors were not a court, and therefore could 0
0 not pass upon the matter and must abide by the certificate of 0
0 election. 0
0 Supervisor Rambo was elected chairman. Both Linscott and 0
0 White made a rush for the seat vacated by Rambo, but Linscott 0
0 reached it first. White demanded that he be seated. District At- 0
0 torney Knight said White was entitled to the place. The chairman 0
0 ordered Linscott to vacate and threatened to send for the Sheriff if 0
0 the order were not obeyed. £
0 Linscott finally gave up the seat, but under the advice of his 0
0 attorney participated in the proceedings, although he was not recog- 0 -
0 nized by the clerk. , . £
0 White is a brother of United States Senator White. The con- 0
0 test over the Supervisorial election will be heard before the Superior 0
0 Court on January 10. £
0 0 0000 0 000000000 0 0000000000.0 000000
ADMIRAL MILLER
A POPULAR IDOL
Favored by Hawaiians
for Governor.
CONTEST IS WAXING WARM
BOTH DOLE AND SEWALL ARE
CONFIDENT.
Appointment of the Former May
Mean a Continuation of the
" Family Compact "
System.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Dec. 27.— Hawaii sends
Now Year's greetings to California. She
i Is only partially Americanized at present,
and her house somewhat in disorder, but
she lives in hopes of better and brighter
; days and closer friendship with the con
j tinent.
Conversations with men of all shades of
political thought have failed to discover
1 extraordinary interest in the bills framed
for the future government of Hawaii.
They are very much akin to what was
expected from the Commissioners, but it
1 is not expected by many here that they
will pass Congress without considerable
amendment.
The main objections that have been
made by the American element are as
• follows:
Too much appointing power is given to
the Governor of the Territory and not
enough elective officers to the people.
The qualified franchise given by the
bills is unjust and un-American, and
subversive of popular rights.
The "special rights citizens" and deni
zens, the men who did the work of the
successful revolution, are not properly
protected and rewarded.
But the main anxiety is as to who the
first Governor will be. Should Mr. Dole
carry off the prize, it is feared he will
simply reappoint those who at present
surround him, and the disastrous power !
of the "family compact" and "missionary I
Influence" will be retained as at present,
resulting after the first elections In a ;
Legislature opposed to the administra- ;
tion.
Mr. Sewall's friends feel certain that
he is to be tin- happy man, and they boast
that should ho be selected he will make
many changes and install in office the
Americans who aided him in consummat
ing annexation.
The man who would make the most
popular Governor and be almost idolize. i,
ally by the Hawaiians, would be
rai Joseph Nelson Miller; but it is
feared ihat ho will not bo thought of.
We, as a rule, think that President !
McKinley will decide to give us an Ohio ■
man or some political friend with states- I
manlike ability to guide us; but should
he decide to select a Hawaiian citizen he
could find good material in S. M. Damon, i
J. B. Atherton, Senator Haldwln, William j
G. Irwin. Senator Cecil Brown, J. O. Car
ter, C. -M. Cooke, Senator Waterhouse or
Hon. Sam Parker, and there are Beveral
others who have held ministerial prot
portfolios under the monarchy.
During the past week there has been
another battle royal In the Bupreme Court
uv<r Chinese habeas corpus casts In « • < > 1 1 — •
n with the Chinese restriction acts, i
but up to the present the opinion of the
court in bank has not been tiled. The |
Government's contention now is that j
Treasury Agent Brown i.s fully authorized
to act Independently of the Hawaiian of
ficials and that it is the duty of our courts
in this particular matter to act as United
States courts, although not commissioned
as such. Mr. Brown is determined to
carry out his peremptory instructions at
all cost, and he may go so far as to ignore
the process of our courts and decline to
permit Chinese to leave the ship even for
quarantine.
point has been raised In the City of
Colun: - by Hon. F. M. Hatch
which is being watched with interest. It
is claimed by him that our courts have
irisdiction in the matter, as under
i States laws admiralty Jurisdiction
is conferred upon the Federal courts
alone, and Hawaii has nn Federal courts.
It is thus Bought to purge the unfortunate
steamer of the libels which cover her
from stem to stern.
er yon Qassbeck, private, Company
M First New York Regiment, died on the
20th Inst. at Hilo Hospital of typhoid, and
Private H. B. Moore, Company L, of the
Bame regiment in this city on the 23d.
Wedding at Marysville.
MARYSYILLK, Jan. 3.— Joseph J.
Brass, a well-known accountant of this
city, and Miss Clara B. Cillman, the
pretty and accomplished daughter of B.
I". Gillman, a leading Marysville mer
chant, were married at 9:30 o'clock this
morning at the residence of the bride a
parents. Rev. Father Hynea of St. Jo
seph's Church tied the nuptial knot. The
young couple v.ill spend their honeymoon
i : i Ban Francisco.
Found Dead.
SAX JOSE, Jan. 3.— Charles Corben. a
prominent orchardist of Union district.
was found dead In his bed to-day. II •
lived alone and death probably had taken
place several hours before. Heart dis
eas" is believed to have been the cause.
lie was a native of England and 54 years
of age.
From Lawmaker to Thespian.
WOODLAND, Jan. 3.— H. \Y. Lange
n,our. who represented Yolo County in
the Assembly in 1R95, has organized a the
atrlcal troupe which will In-Kin a tour of
the Pacific Coast with a performance in
Woodland on Saturday evening, Janu
ary 7.
SHIPWRECKED MEN
PICKED UP AT SEA
THE UNFORTUNATE STEAM SCHOONER PROTECTION.
ASTORIA, Or., Jan. 3.— The British bark
Colgate, Captain Griffith, arrived here to
day, having on board Captain O. Erickson
and fourteen of the shipwrecked crew of
the steam schooner Protection, which
foundered thirty miles off the mouth of
the Columbia River at 4 o'clock on the
morning of January 1.
The Protection left Seattle at 2 o'clock
on Thursday, December 29, with 360 tons
of coal for San Francisco. The weather
was fine until approaching the mouth of
the Columbia, when a heavy southeast
gale sprang up. The Protection was
steaming under Plow bell and the sea was
running very high, washing over the ves
sel fore and aft. On the morning of Sat
urday, December 31, Chief Engineer
Moores reported the vessel leaking and
the pumps were immediately manned.
The water in the vessel's hold was found
to be gaining on the pumps, which were
becoming choked with the slack coal.
The gale Increased in fury and the
steamer rolled and pitched heavily. It
was then determined to jettison the cargo
and about thirty tons was discharged
from the 'tween decks. Finding the water
rapidly gaining, all hands were again or
d< red to the pumps. The men remained
at them all of Saturday night, and to
ward morning five feet of water was dis
covered to be in the hold and the steamer
appeared to be sinking. The v> Bsel was
listing to starboard, and her stern was
seen to be fast going down. Huge waves
continually swept over her forward and
aft. and Captain Ericksnn saw that his
vessel would surely go down.
At 4 o'clock on the morning of January
CRUISER CHITOSE
IS VERY SPEEDY
Trial Run of the Japan
ese Warship.
MEETS ALL REQUIREMENTS
AVERAGES OVER TWENTY-ONE
KNOTS AN HOUR,
Single Test That Now Remains Will
Be Made Just Outside the
Golden Gate in a Few
Days.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 3.— The pro
tected cruiser Chitose, built by the
Union Iron Works of San Francisco for
the Japanese Government, has success
fully completed the most severe trial
to which she will be subjected before
acceptance. She made a six hours' run
over the co-urse in Santa Barbara Chan
nel to-day, averaging 21.48 knots an
hour, where but 20.5 are required, and
developing a maximum speed of 21.38
under natural draught. This completes
her work in these waters and she will
leave to-night or to-morrow for San
Francisco-. But one test remains— a
two hours' run under forced draught, in
which she must average -2.5 knots — and
this will be made outside of the Golden
Gate. This test also has been practi
cally completed, for the cruiser has
averaged 22.867 on two separate occa
sions on a run of over an ho-ur each
time. The contract, however, requires
that the speed must be maintained for
two consecutive hours and the per
formance will be repeated.
The members of the Japanese trial
board express satisfaction with the
Chitose in every particular, and say
that she has been accepted wUh the
one reservation of the forced draft test.
Scientific Expert W. R. Eckart of the
Union Iron Works stated that the data
had not been completely Avorked out
as to horse power and the efficiency of
the propeller, but that the indications
were that with less than 135 revolutions
the ship would make 20.5 knots.
The evolution tests made to-day un
der full speed were successful. The
Chitose turned in a radius of 300 feet,
and stopped from full headway to go
ing astern within her own length. Tho
Japanese naval authorities on board
say that no vessel in the navy excels
the Chltosp.
Raced in the Mud.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. L— Light rain: track
muddy. Traveler and Loiterer were the win
ning favorites. Results:
First race, seven furlongs, selling— Flntan
won, Sir Blaze second, Belle of: Dublin third.
Time. 1:32%.
Second race, six furlongs— Banish won, Our
Nellie second. Prince Harry third. Tim". 1:17.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards —
Traveler won, Covington Ky. second, Annie
Taylor third. Time, 1:
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling— lmp. Loi
terer won, Loyaletta second, Minnie "W'eldon
third. Time, 1:18.
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Celtic Fiard
won, l'ontet Canet second, School Girl third.
Time, 1:47.
Colored Citizens Celebrate.
"WOODLAND, Jan. 3.— The commemora
tion of the emancipation proclamation in
Woodland last evening was an event that
callc-d out the entire colored population.
Large delegations from Sacramento and
elsewhere were present. The festivities
were not concluded until daylight this
morning.
1 the lifeboats were ordered lowered. Sec
ond Assistant Engineer Carvey, while
engaged In the work, was struck by tne
swinging of one of the boats and knocked
overboard and drowned. In the darkness
no assistance could be rendered the un
fortunate man. After much difficulty the
lifeboats were launched and the steamer
abandoned. First Officer Griffin had
charge of one and Captain Erickson com
manded the other. Seven men embarked
in each boat. The boats were supplied
with water, meat and crackers, but the
latter were useless, as they soon became
wet.
The boats were able to keep close to
gether during the day, although the storm
continued and hut little headway could
be made toward land. The men suffered
terribly from cold, as they had saved
in. thing from the sinking steamer but the
clol !n s they had on.
As the boats pulled away the Protec
tion was laboring in the heavy sea. She
still remained afloat during the half hour
before she was lost to view.
Captain Erickson and First Officer Grif
fin agreed to steer on a certain course
during the night, but the two boats soon
ited after darkness set in and were
lost to view. The < old was intense, and
some of the men in Captain Erickson's
were growing weak. During tho
night the second officer fell overboard
from the boat, and, being exhausted,
would have drowned had not 'Captain
Erickson saved him. He grasped tho man
and pulled him into the boat. The man
iwn in the boat limp and almost life
less.
Shortly after daylight a sail was sight
ed, which proved to be the British bark
Colgate. The two boats were soon to
gether again, and sighted the Colgate
ARGUELLO HEIRS
IN LEGAL STRIFE
Brother Arrayed Again s
Brother.
SAN JOSE ESTATE INVOLVED
SUIT BROUGHT TO SET ASIDE A
DEED.
Grandson of California's First Mexi
can Governor Alleges That He
Was Defrauded by His
Own Kin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAN JOSE, Jan. 3.— The heirs of the
late Don Luis Arguello, the wealthy
Santa Claran who died on December 5
last, are lighting over their heritage, and
the preliminaries were taken to-day for a
long legal battle. This was In the shape
of a suit brought by Carlos Arguello, a
son, against James S. Arguello, his
brother, to have a deed to the Luis block,
a valuable property on South First street,
near San Fernando, declared a deed of
trust and the property divided equally
between the two. The lana and building
are worth over $50,000.
The plaintiff alleges that on June 6,
1895, his father deeded the property to
James to be hold in trust during testa
tor's life, after which it was orally agreed
and understood James was to deed
hali to his brother. Arguollo senior
howevei , to enjoy the rents and income
of his place during life. Carles Arsuello
rtß that his brother has failed to
carry out thia provision. Therefor
asl s that the property be equally divided
and that I .ant be made b
count for all the rents, which amount to
$20U per month, since December 5.
Luis Arguello, who was the son of the
first Mexican Governor of California,
lived in this county for over sixty 5
11.- was one <>f the beat known citizens
and was a hospitable entertainer at his
home at Santa Clara until a few years
a;:". The mother of his children
some time ago and in 1595 Arguello took
unto himself a young wife. When his
children learned of their father's 601
plated marriage there was a row h
household, and in order to smooth thi:J?s
over Arguello executed trust dee.;
certain ]'!■ ees of property to certain ihil
dren. At this time Arguello's fortunt WM
estimated at $250,000. James, Maruirite
and Louisa were given different
of property on South First street of the
value of about $50,000 each. Carl' s., the
plaintiff in to-day's suit, was igmred al
together.
:'rlda C. Arguello, the young wife,
was given the California block m West
Santa Clara street and the homestead in
Santa Clara. At the time of Don Luis'
death there was nothing to adn-.inister on
but about JSiK) worth of household furni
ture and a little jewelry. Tris was to
be divided among the widow. Carlos and
one or two other children. A day or two
after the funeral the widow rushed into
court and obtained special letters of ad
ministration on this property-
It is said Carlos Arguello will also ask
to have the deeds given -O the daugh
ters Louisa and Margarite $6t aside on the
same grounds as are set fjrth in tne suit
against James.
LATE SHIPPING IMI.M.IGEXCE.
ARRIVE A
Tuesday, January S.
Schr A M Baxter, Ma-shall, 10 days from
Everett.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan ,3— Schr Prosper, for
Honolulu.
- ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 3— Br ship Galgate.
from Shanghai. i «
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER.
QUEENBTOWN— Jan I— Star Teu
tonic, for Liverpool, »nd proceeded,
(■—■ .
about the same time. . Everything hein£
drenched with water, the vessel could not
be signaled, but the shipwrecked crews
soon saw that the Colgate was coming .to'
their rescue. At 9 o'clock on Monday
morning the boats were alongside the
Colgate and the survivors of the' wreck
were soon on board.
Some of the men were so exhausted
that it was necessary to haul them on
board the vessel with ropes. Another
night in the boai. Captain Erickson says,
would have caused the 'death of two or
three of the men.
Captain Erickson/and each member of
the shipwrecked crew, speak in high
terms of their treatment by Captain
Griffith and Mrs. Griffith. Every com
fort possible was provided until they were
landed in Astoria. . •
Captain Griffith says that early Mon
day morning', when eighteen miles, north*
west of Cape Disappointment,' the two
boats were sighted, but at first believed
to he two buoys adrift. By means of his
glass Captain 'Iriffith soon discovered the
objects were boats and contained a ship
wrecked crew. The Colgate stood oft to
sea during the night and was picked up
by a tug this morning and tpwed into
port.
The shipwrecked crew was taken in
charge to-night by Captain Perriman,
Who is here from San Francisco and'rep
resents the underwriters of the steamer
T.akme. The men are quartered at the
Parker House, where they will remain
until word is received from the " .
of the Protection iir San Francisco.
The Protection was a steam schooner of
about 400 tons burden, and was engaged
in running between coast points and San
Francisco. She was owned- in San Fran
cisco by the J. S. Kimball Company
LOSS OF BEEF TO
BE INVESTIGATED
Board of Survey Named
by Alger.
GEN. MILES' ACTS QUESTIONED
PREVENTED THE LANDING OF
FRESH MEAT AT PONCE,
Three Hundred Thousand Pound*
Rejected Because There Was
No Ice in Which to
Pack It.
Special Dlsrvatcb to The Call.
WASHINGTON; Jan. 3.-The board of
survey appointed by the Secretary of War
to examine into and report on the re
sponsibility for the loss of 300.000 pounds
of refrigerated beef of Swift & Co., which
was rejected by General Miles Upon its
arrival at Ponce. Porto Rico, ami winch
was subsequently thrown overboard while
en route on tie return voyage, rriet to-day
but decided tha; inasmuch as the pro
ceedings of a board of survey were sub
ject to review they would not be made
public.
The boar! is instructed to ascertain if
i proper effort was made to feed this beef'
to the troops at Porto Rjco, and fix the
■ respond Uity in case proper effort was
not made to ascertain whether, as • re-
S ported in the testimony: before the war
! commission, the beef had been chemically
treated, and whether the United State's
was r-sponsible for its loss, which in-
VOlves a rciMmmendation as to whether
Swift & Co. should be reimbursed. ,v
boari of survey has no power to admrn
fean only find on information and
mmend, subject to review o-f the ap
ting officer, in this case Secretary of-
Alger. They intimate that the pre-
ings are not of great importance, in
reality only involving a recommendation
as to whether Swift & Co. should be paid
fur the beef. Such a recommendation
however, necessarily' involves the nxinir
of the responsibility for the rejection of
the beef. . ■ .
The board decided to go into the Investi
gation exhaustively. All the records will
be carefully examined, witnesses will be
summoned and. wherever possible, affi
davits will be obtained- in support of testi
mony. The board has n<> power to ad
minister . oaths, and affidavits therefore
must be. voluntary. Representatives of
the Swift company undoubtedly will be
summoned, us will General Miles and
other officers conversant with the facts,
l>ut up to A late hour this afternoon nn
summons, as far as could be learned, had
had reached General Miles.
The general of the army is very cim
eent over the matter. The " 3*) 000
ids of refrigerated beef arrived ' at
06 the very day the protocol was
signed. This amount of fresh meat it
la stated, would' have supplied rations 'for
the American troops then on- the island
for fifty /ays. But. it is alleged, had it
been landed it could not have been kept.
There was barely enough ice in Ponce
to supply the hospitals. OuV troops, save
about 1000 men, were scattered through
out the southern portion of the island.
Mayaguez to. Guayania. distances
varying from 25 to- 90 miles. Had the
>••••: been landed almost the entire quan
tity, the general of the army holds, must
Inevitably have spoiled ■ "
It is believed the" work of the board will
:ne the greater portion of two'
weeks, possibly longer.
New Officers in Charge. .
WOODLAND, Jan. I— The few changes'
that occurred in the county offices as a i
result of the recent election were made i
to-dajr. Assessor J. K. Smith" has. "ap- '
pointed his daughter, Miss XalU*. o £. ;THE MAYOR FILES HIS ANNUAL
COMMENT ON CURRENT AFFAIRS
Beautify the City, a Theme on
Which He Dwells at Con
siderable Length,
Municipal Ownership of the Utilities, Under
ground Wires and Extension of Golden
Gate Panhandle Recommended.
'•.'., "lt; is always customary on this oc
c'asicm for the Mayor to make recom
mendations for such action by the
Supervisors as he deems necessary for
the public welfare and I take pleasure
in following that custom at this time."
"With these words of introduction
Mayor Phelan presented his message to
the new Board of Supervisors yester
day. ; His Honor did not trust the read-
Ving to' the clerk, preferring to empha
; pise the salient suggestions he had to
. otter instead of having them lost in a
Frog-song delivery. The most import
ant feature of the message is a recom
mendation that the park panhandle be
extended to Market street, thereby
creating a beautiful boulevard from
the heart of the city to the ocean. Gas
and water rates were criticized and the
Supervisors : were reminded of their
pledge to keep within the $1 limit.
Taxes and the conditions of our streets
were' referred to and remedies for ex
. isting evils suggested. A digest of the
message follows:
. To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors—
. IJ^ntlemen:
•-., The- most important event of the past year
• was: the adoption of the Freeholders' Charter
•for the city and county of San Francisco,
■which was the fifth one submitted to the voters
' *inee ISM) and the first one that met with their
, approval. It is now in the hands of the Legls
• Jauire for ratification, concerning which there
'la no reasonable doubt. When ratified it goes
• into effect for all substantial purposes on the
l^t of January, 1900; but this administration
. will be in power only until that time and will
,tc" superseded by officers elected in November
;. of this year. It is our duty to make the best
' use- of our opportunities of the new order of
thi-nps. .
1 wouM recommend In this connection that
Ifche legislature be petitioned to resubmit to
• the" people Assembly Constitutional Amend
ment No. 37, giving complete local control over
Ideal affairs to the city ana county of San
l'rancisco under its charter.
.- Water Rates.
One of the first duties is to fix the rates for
water as quired by law. As preliminary to
lixing rates the lard should require a detailed
•' 'rtatement of the receipts and expenditures of
• tire water company, not such as they ordinarily
' submit; but- one particularizing the salaries
aad every outlay, with a view of determining
whether there is any extravagance in the man
cement of the water company. The law re
'qujrrs that you allow the company its taxes, J
H> ' operating expenses and a reasonable in-
Merest, upon Its stotk nd bonds. You should
. not al!"'i\v oieratin^ expenses without a full
■knowledge of them, nor should you allow in
• terest up^n. stotk and bonds if you believe the
i?sue of "such stock and bonds unnecessary for
•the BuppLy;of the city and county with water.
iniring the year "tho ring Valley Water Com
pany lias, placed a third mortgage upon its
•property of je.O'Xi.O- 1 . and under this mortgage
. has issued bonds aggregating 100. 000 to date,
.presumably for. permanent improvements. The
platforms of all the political parties repre-
s ented in this board have pledged you to fix
• a water rate which will net the company not
rr.'jre than 5 per cent on its capital stock.
Millions for Light.
The' tract for lighting public buildings
•has been let for two years from June 3, 189S,
".to tha ?an Francisco Gas and Electric Com
' i any and the Pacific Gas Improvement Com
•■"riny, which pools its earnings with the former
. '<' reparation, at the following rates: For gas
• ■• f";7-can.ile power), $1 50 per 1000 cubic feet, and
. fr.r electric light (16-candle power), for certain
■ ViMlldlnEs 10 cents' per 1000 Watt hours, and
: 'f.r certain other buildings, 15 cents per 1000
• IrtVatt =houre. It Is necessary to keep a check
"•'•tipon the infters, because during the year, by
'. expert*, I discovered that the electric meters of
'• t.h» City Hall were running about £0 per cent
• fa«t and secured a. corresponding rebate from
'.•tfce- tv.mpany. The cost of lighting the public
.' buildings .luring the last fiscal year amount
•ti $4° 7>l S7 This contract should have been
'.-.let for but one year, and the board may set It
-aside <in'i r»adv»rtise for proposals.
.■.'.The most Important contract, nojreyer,
". wh'ch involves an expenditure of about J300,000
- pir annum, is the lighting of the streets and
.'."ißuiurbs by gas and electric light. The Super
: Visors undertook to let a contract for this pur
.... pose to the Pan Francisco Gas and Electric
■•.Company for two years from the 15th day of
■ -August 1898, at the following rates: For each
■frar lamp, not to exceed 4800 In number. 11
. -htarx per nleht: for each electric lamp (2000
--candle power), 50 cents per night.
, The Mayor then gives the details of the
• attempt by the Mutual Electric
; i;icht Company to establish a competing
planf and furnish light to the city at a
saving of $40,000 of public money yearly.
' The Supervisors blocked the project and
'.the rase was taken into court. Judge
Beawell decided the action of the Super
-visors was illegal. Following the deci
sion his Honor vetoed the lighting con
tract. >>ut he was overruled by the boarn,
and subsequently he vetoed the demands
' of the gas company for payment of their
' bills. Continuing, he says:
As advised by the City and County Attorney,
the board I aa full power to regulate the rates
•for gas and electric light for private consump
tion. Thfl Mutual Electric Light Company claim
that they would have saved not only the city
i J40.000 on its contract, but private consumers
1100.000 if their petition <■' the 10th day of
■ April were granted, which will clearly Indicate
to you that the price* charged for artificial light
in th] olty are excessive. The Pan Francisco
' Gas an 1 KWtrlc Company's plant. I am
' credibly infnrmed. can be duplicated for not
more than ti. 000,000, whereas it is selling on
■ the market for upwards of 112,000,000, and the
■ liners are paying inia company Interest at
'.the rate of 6 per cent on the par value of
its s=tf*-k and bonds, now standing at upward
of 113.090.500, besides Its taxes operating ex
. penses and surplus accumulations.
; The rank inflation of this stock is notorious.
As the consumer Is required to pay on this
fictitious capitalization, the consumer Is being
robbed with am! by the tent of the Board
of Supervisors. It is the principal duty of the
Gas inspector under the law to make an in
vestigation of these facts as preliminary to
. fixing a reasonable rate, but this the Gas In-
Fp»ctor has failed to do.
The Mayor then declared that munici
pal ownership is the only ultimate solu
'• tion of the vexatious gas and water ques
. tion.
: He believes the cemeteries areencroach
• Jnj? upon the health and progress of the
city nnd that further interments in the
city limits should be prevented and he
. recommends a liberal policy toward the
•suburbs in the construction of sewers and
. the Improvement of the sanitary condi
••■ tions. The extension of the Sunset dis
trict sewer system from Fourteenth and
li streets to Twenty-fourth and I streets
.'is recommended, the property-owners
having agreed to share In the expense.
Regarding Schools.
.The only control the board exercises over
r .the public schoolß is 'i the making of the
i appropriation for their support. With the co
operation of the Auditor, however, a segrega
tion of funds may be forced under section 4
. of the act of March 20, lSf!S(Worl"y' B ConVoMda
tion Act. p. 110). the Auditor refusing to audit
. a-ny demands contrary to such segregation Th
.-object of this plan would be to protect th
teachers in their salaries for the full twelve
months and to limit the expenditure of other
-.moneys according to the one-twelfth act to
twelfth of sWh segregated items. I made
this .recommendation to the former Auditor
.. and * now I renew it to the present Auditor*
• The estimated deficit in the school fund due
to the criminal extravagance of the School
.Board, Is $237,000.
rs The placing underground of all over
i head wires In certain districts within tix
months is also recommended.
About Franchises.
Under the State law franchises for street
railway! and tor other purposes may be granted
to the high bidder offering the largest per
centage of the gross receipts, and as prelim
inary to such bidding the board may specify
reasonable conditions as to paving between the
tracks, and the free carriage of postmen,
policemen firemen and other municipal em
ployes, while in the discharge of their duty.
1 would warn the board against granting any
franchise from this county into San Mateo
County, because i:' that is done, in the case,
for instance, of the Market-street Railway
Company, a privilege which they contemplate
seeking, the jurisdiction of the Assessor of the
city and county of San Francisco over the as
sessment of such railway property would pass
to the State Board of Equalization, which to
day presumes to assess the property of the San
Francisco and San Mateo Railway Company.
Surety Bonds.
On account of the confusion of the city
government resulting from the decision of the
Supreme v>.urt in the case of Kahn vs. Sutro,
there is a grave question whether official bonds
for county officers can be given by surety
companies, and the Legislature should be called
upon to remedy this defect. in view of the
early ratification of the charter and In view
of the great responsibility of both the Treas
urer and the Auditor, their bonds should be
doubled. 1 recommend to the Board of Super
visors to increase the bonds of these officers,
the city to pay the additional premium charged
b~ the surety companies.
The administration of the Health Depart
ment should be supported by the Board of
Supervisors. The public health Is the first con
cern of every well regulated municipality.
The Board of Health is endeavoring to
stamp out the traffic in adulterated foods, and
this work merits encouragement.
City Adornment.
At the request of the San Francisco Art
Association, I have appointed a committee to
draft a comprehensive plan for the adornment
of San Francisco, as follows: Messrs Arthur
Rodgers. J. B. Reinstein, F. "W. Dohrmann F
W. Zelle. Bruce Porter, Albert Pissis. John A.
Stanton. Douglas Til.len and Irving M Scott.
Recently Mrs. Phebe Hearst announced
her intention to offer prizes under a competi
tive plan, such as she has successfully done in
the case of the University of California, to the
architects of the world for the artistic im
provement of San Francisco. This is a note
worthy event in the history of the city and is
preliminary to the Inauguration of the new
charter, wherein machinery is provided for
carrying out such work as she proposes. Such
purposes will, I trust, early find their realiza
tion.
The Board of Supervisors have referred the
project for the conversion of the House of Cor
rection property into a public park to this
committee. This plan involves abolishing the
Branch County Jails 2 and 3, and confining
petty offenders now Incarcerated there to the
vaults in the basement of the City Hall, which
Is practicable and perhaps desirable.
Free Library Building.
A free library building is among the press
ing needs from the point of view of beauty
and utility. The present quarters in the City
Hall are inadequate and the city spends more
than 1,000 a year out of the tax levy for its
support. The same appropriation would main
tain It in better quarters. The location of the
library has not got much to do with its general
use and the school lots at the corner of Fifth
and Market streets, now under lease, might
properly be used for this purpose. The people
will not give up any of their squares. A fire
proof building on this site, the upper floors
approached by broad stairways and elevators,
to be used for library purposes, might still
be made to produce revenue, as now, from
stores, for the school fund.
Park Panhandle.
But perhaps one of the most necessary Im
provements which the city demands Is a proper
approach to Golden Gate Park. I have ex
amined and found no obstacle In the way of
extending the panhandle- to Market street.
From Baker street to the corner of Van Ness
avenue and Market street there are thirteen
blocks, bounded by Fell and Oak streets. If
this land were acquired and converted Into a
park by the planting of trees and the macad
amizing of roads similar to the Panhandle
these beneficial results would accrue: A park
would be made in the heart of the cfty, ac
cessible to the people without the payment of
carfare. It would be equally accessible to the
Mission by way of Valencia street, parts of the
Western Addition, Pacific Heights and North
Beach by way of Van Ness avenue. Itself a
boulevard, and the business and hotel section,
south side and Potrero by way of Market
street, which will, during the year under a
contract already let, be paved with bituminous
rock to Van Ness avenue. It will give a
straight and delightful drive, protected from
heavy traffic and preferably under the juris
diction of the Park Commissioners, to the peo
ple of this city. The grade is not greater than
any grade which any of the streets now lead
ing to the park encounter, and by a winding
road to the summit, embracing, if necessary
two blocks at thnt point, even that grade can
be measurably overcome.
I have taken from the Assessor's books the
valuation put upon these thirteen blocks by
him. and find it to be M follows: For land
$901. Improvements, $871,960; or a total of
51, 572.220. From these figures it would be safe
to say that the real value is not more
than from two to two and one-half million
dollars, ana a deduction would have to be
made from this for improvements, which can
be taken or or sold. If the Panhadle were
extended through these blocks the immediate
consequent would be a filling up of all the
vacant property in the neighborhood and fur
ther west with the dwellings now resting upon
the land, and which might be moved thither,
and forcing the population to build up our
suburbs, something, which Is In itself desirable.
The Mayor suggests that money for
this project could be raised by issuing 3
per cent 20 or 40 year bonds, and he rec
ommends that the subject be submitted
to the, people for rejection or approval
He asks thp board to call a special elec
tion on this matter of extending th«
park.
Int 20 or 40 year bonds, and he rec
lds that the subject bo submitted
people for rejection or approval.
<s the board to call a special elec
n this matter of extending the
Assessment— Taxess.
The assessment of the property of the city
and county for the current fiscal year is as fol
lows:
Real estate $189,443,545
Improvements 93,321,085
| Personal property 48 389 754
Money and solvent credits 21,184,577
Total $352,343,961
In addition to the above there Is the assess
ment of Central Pacific Railroad:
Southern Pacific Company, San Fran
cisco and San Mateo Railway Com
| pany . $189,454
Total assessment $352,533,415
Net funded debt, Oct. 1, 1898 $94,866 87 I
Estimated value of property owned
by city and county 25.257.000
j Rate of taxation city and county 1,313
i Yielding a revenue of $4,643,894 72 j
Add to which revenue from—
Assessment on railroads 2,497 00
And revenue from other sources than
taxation 1,443,515 00
?6,059,90fl 72
State rat« of taxation .488
Contribution of city and _
county to State $1,719,439 01
State portion from rail
road assessment "... 924 54
\ : $1,720,863 E6
Total revenue $7,810,270 27
Dollar Limit Pledge.
The entire Board of Supervisors la pledged
to conduct the city government on a basis
of $1 on each $100 of $350,000,000 valuation,
which would yield $3,600,000; plus revenue from
other sources, $1,443,515, making a total of
Is 4 943,515 for city and county purposes; to
I which add such Items as arc- probably outside
i to« pledge, deficits amounting to {321,000, and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1899.
MAYOR JAMES D. PHELAN.
■ for which you were not responsible; salaries
J for extra police, $30,600; judgments, interest
' and sinking fund, approximating $75, 00,. 1 es
-1 tlmate, therefore, that the board can keep its
pli dge and raise the total of these amounts,
|5,370,115. As the revenue for the current fiscal
■ year for city purposes was $6,089,806 72, a re
-1 trenchment for the next fiscal year of $719. 7.1 Is
■ necessary.
The facts are that the property of the small
illy assessed, while the prop
erty of the quasi-public corporations, princi
pally, is grossly undervalued. In a com
munication to the Board of Sup< rviaors on July
14, last year, I showed that seven street rail
way and lighting corporations in this city were
under assessed $32,721,15U>. That represented the
difference between the selling price of their
stock and bonds In the market and the total
valuation of their tangible property as assess
ed. This is due to the failure of the Assessor
to properly assess the franchises of these cor
porations, which should be valued according
I to the rule upheld by the Supreme Court in
case of San Jose Gas Company vs. January.
As just stated the Assessor and this Board
of Supervisors are pledged by their party plat
forms to this rule, which will largely increase
the assessment roll and th» city's resources.
But thpre are other circumstances affecting the
revenue of the city, to which I desire to call
your attention, namely, the conversion of State
banks into national banks. The Nevada,
Sather and Tallant banks have recently been
nationalised, and under a decision of the Su
preme Court, and exempt from taxation. These
■ rties were assessed in IS>'j7 J1, ni1, 621, and
also paid license tax In addition to ordinary
city and county and State taxes. The loss to
the city from this source alone is $20,523 this
year.
The Regents of the University, by Investing
State funds in the city, which are not assess
able, have diminished our revenues from taxa
tion in approximately the same amount.
Whereas we cannot easily remedy this, as far
as the university is concerned, although it
would be more equitable for the State to ap
propriate the amount of local taxation lost to
the localities by investment of university funds
and bequest* ; still, in the matter of national
banks' exemption, the remedy is plain. Either
rnia must amend Its constitution or Con
gress amend the national bank act to remedy
these defects. The latter course would prob
ably be the speedier, and I recommend the
Board of Supervisors to memorialize Congress
on this subject.
De\A/ey Boulevard.
On February 18, 197. I appointed a citizens'
committee to relieve the distress among the
unemployed, of which William M. Bunker acted
as chairman. The result was the construction
of Balboa, afterward named Dewey, boulevard.
The late Adolpta Sutro and the Spring Valley
Water Company generously gave deeds through
their lands. The deed of Sutro Is now in es
crow with I. W. Hellman, president of the
Nevada Bank, to be delivered on condition that
the boulevard Is completed within five years
from March 22, ISS7, from Seventh avenue and
N street to the Junction of the Corbett. and
Trocadero roads. I recommend that these con
ditions be complied with at the earliest pos
sible date.
Streets and Paving.
During the last fiscal year the city has ac
cepted 13Va mileß of paved streets, making a
total of nearly 177 miles of accepted paved
streets in this city which must be liept in re
pair at public expense. Over 14 milee of the
new streets were paved with bituminous rock
under exclusive specifications. I recommend
that the specifications be broadened to include
asphalt and wooden blocks, the pavements
that are most favored in Eastern cities, and
both of which are California products. There
has been let for two years, expiring June ?A
1900, a contract for keeping all accepted streets
in repair to the City Street Improvement Com
pany for the aggregate sum, to be paid in
monthly Installments, of $37,797. The city now
exacts a guarantee of five years from con
tractors for the pavement of accepted streets,
but the system Is loose and unsatisfactory. In
other cities a guarantee as high as fifteen years
is exacted and surety bonds given for faithful
performance. I will lay before your Street
Committee a plan embodying theso reforms.
On Folsom, Kearny and other streets It will
be observed that the new pavement wears In
grooves by reason of the practice of teamsters
to use one of the railroad tracks. This can
be obviated, in a measure, by requiring the
street car companies to lay tracks, which Is a
legitimate municipal regulation, flush with the
street.
The Supervisors are urged to apply
drastic measures to compel the removal
of all unused tracks and cable slots and
if the companies refuse to obey the order
to have the nuisances* removed by the
Superintendent of Streets. The board is
asked to give Immediate attention to the
repaying of streets in the business sec
tion.
Vlce-RJdden Streets.
During the year St. Marys, Quincy and
i Berry streets have been closed acalnst lm
j moral traffic, on account of their proximity to
I houses of worship, schools, hotels and theaters,
j whither people, young and old, are compelled
to go. They Bhould be kept closed.
Garbage Contract.
The Sanitary Reduction Works have a fran
chise for fifty years from the city, giving them
a monopoly of the incinerating of garbage.
When this privilege was granted it was under-
I stood that it would yield revenue to the city,
and that the charge to householders would
not be increased, and the managers assured
me that If it were necessary to protect the
householders they would remove the garbage
themselves. However, a charge is made of 25
cents a cubic yard by the company from the
j scavengers for the destruction of garbage, and
i this Is added to the householders' bills. The
j scavengers objected to the method of measur
i Ing, which was made by emptying the con
i tents of the wagons into boxes of a cubic yard
! capacity, and the complaint was that a wagon
! when filled and packed containing three cubic
| yards would thus measure five and more cubio
! yards. As a result a conflict arose between
i the scavengers and the Reduction Works.
The legality of the franchise was questioned.
! and the right of the company to compel the
' delivery of garbage to their works to be de
-1 stroyed by them exclusively was questioned,
and the whole matter is now in the courts to
determine ihe rights of the parties In the prem
ises. As the scavengers now collect the in-
I creased rate for the removal of garbage, and
the company collects Its rate for its Incinera
tion, as authorized by Its franchise, awaiting
the decision of the court I have no specific
recommendation to make at thin time. Dur
ing the year an attempt was made to have the
city enter Into a contract, after Inviting bids
for the removal of garbage within a large, yet
limited district, at the public expense. Al
though the money was appropriated the board
yielded to the general opposition to the plan
and refused to Invite proposals. The cost of
this would aggregate at leaat $300,000 annually,
and It is a question whether It is a proper mu
nicipal function. As It stand*, which haa been
the custom here from thn beginning, people pay
In proportion to the dirt they make, which is
not illogical.
C!ty Buildings.
On the 81st of December the City HaU Com-v,
missloners transferred the completed City Hall
to the municipality, after more than twenty
five years have b en consumed in its construc
tion. This is a matter for congratulation, al
though, on arc-mint of the limited funds, the
building can hardly be Baid to be a completed
structure.
The criminal departments nnw housed In this
bull. linn: will be removed probably by the Ist
of August to the new Hall of Justii
Important transfer will occur durinß this ad
ministration 1 have vetoed the contract to fur
nish the new building-, in order, among other
reasons, to give this board an opportunity to
carefully provide for such transfer and I
cide which officers shall leave tins building,
and to what use such vacated offices shall be
put.
I have brought an action to demonstrate
what I believe to be the true Interpretation of
the law. that the County clerk li
thirty-two deputies, whereas ho has employed
eiehty-f.-.ur. The appropriation made only
contemplates the employment of thirty-two
ami hence, unless we get an early decision of
the court, there will be a large deficit again
In this office.
IPrlmt Proceedings.
In every well regulated municipality the
minutes of I ra are taken
down and printed and a copy furnished each
member several days before the session. I■•
this means corrections '-an bo nr
Supervisors and the public kept well Inl
of the board's deliberations. Am it la n iw, the
minutes are read but n..t heard, and so import
ant a matter as this public record is allowed
to pass without correction or verification. It
would, in hands less worthy than our clerk,
be subject to great abuse. I recommend that
the minutes be printed.
Exposition Committee
Obedient to a popular demand, I have ap
pointed a committee to prepare a plan for an
exposition In Han Fran ably to Illus
trate the resources of the Pacific Ocean and
countries tributary to this city and State. The
committee consists of Messrs. J, H. Reinstein
Charles Bundschu, John H. Grady, A S Bald
win, R. H. Warfleld, A. A. Watkins, W, H.
Mills, A. B. Spreckelß, Irving- M. Scott Dr. T
11. Morris, F. T,. Brown, S. 11. Friedlander, C.
A. Clinton. John Lackmann and R. P. Doolan.
Aw a result of the war with Spain. San Fran
seems to be a direct beneficiary. The
acquisition of the Hawaiian and Philippine
Islands has given us hii interest in the coun
tries to our west which we never appreciated
before. San Francisco looks out Upon 0
with expectant eyes, and perhaps it is pi
to focalize the interest of the world in our Kre:u
future -as the chief port of the I'nited States on
the Pacific by holding such an exposition, and
I trust that when it takes definite form the
board will give it encouragement and support.
Respectfully submitted,
JAMES D. PITELAN. Mayor.
NEW ADMINISTRATION
NOW IN FULL CHARGE
Supervisors Formally Organize
and Make Many Appoint
ments.
At 2:30 o clock yesterday afternoon the
retiring and Incoming Boards of Super
visors filed into the board chambers and
tho formal ceremony of dissolving the
one and organizing the other was quickly
disposed of. Politicans of all shades and
degrees of prominence and hundreds of
would-be office-holders tilled the galiery
and the space behind the rail in the rear
of the room. Individuals about to be ap
pointed to lucrative positions by tho new
administration wore also there in force.
Many of them appeared somewhat ap
prehensive that the slate arranged by the
bosses might at the last moment be shat
tered and they would be cast aside for
some one with greater influence.
Dr. Sussdorff, superintendent of the
City and County Hospital, came to ascer
tain if any changes were to be made in
his domain. Ex-Police Judges Low and
Joachimsen were there to learn in which
department of the Police Court the;
to act as prosecutors; their Honors Police
Judges Mogan and Graham, Justice of the
Peace Dunne, ex-Auditor Broderick, Who
is happy to be divorced from office, and
many other well-known men about the
City Hall stood along the side wall during
the session.
Mayor Phelan called the meeting to
order. Dodge and Sheehan were the only
members of the old board who failed to
attend the last meeting. As soon as the
rollcall was completed and tho minutes
were read Britt moved that the rules be
suspended and the new board be inducted
into office. The motion carried, of course,
without objection, and Devany of tho
First Ward arose and presented his suc
cessor, Edward Holland. The other mem
bers followed suit. Introducing their suc
cessors with a few congratulatory and
complimentary remarks.
When the introductions were finished
ADVERTISEMENTS.
4-4-4-4->->-4--f4-4-4-4--f4-4-4->4-4-4->--f-f4-4--f4->4-4--f4--f-f4.
|"Oh,Myßack!" I
"*" ' ' ■ ' tt/^ . "*"
"*" /^***~^ >Sl v "IT PAINS IF I BEND OVER." +
"*" $ \k "IT PAINS IN THE MORNING."
T 1 1 4fl "IT PAINS AT NIGHT." *
T ft • ,-_ m M ' "I AM TIRED ALL THE TIME." "♦"
"*" //'/ K"^|j A WEAK BACK IS A VERY AGGRAVAT- >-
+ fiPaL* Jf %*«*^S /t^ ing complaint. It makes Ufa miserable. .
\ C ** \ djn and thousands would be cured If they knew,
■*■ V. , <£+QK* iW how. Plasters give only temporary relief, U +
i M g? _^^JBT any at all. Drugs are often worse than useless.
♦ /% itiA^SSf %SS. DR." PIERCE' ELECTRIC BELT
a 'mlft . i a v,«T Is the proper remedy for all such distressing
"*" \ '^^^ ooinplaints. It warms the back, and kidneys -f
-*- witli a gentle klow, gives the muscles an
U\\v\l\\v\v -'^?L" ■) elastic feeling, and cures permanently. You "t"
"♦■ UYMw^X^ißfcMi^Bi^N »l never need another Plaster If you will +
+ IHl^^^SSf No. 2" gives price Let and full +
-4- X^^WNNl^^HHyHBi » particulars. at office or send 2c in stamps
V\^\VvV\^W for •*- Address:
1' lIP PIERCE ELECTRIC CO. $
" (Medical Dept.) 620 Market St., opposite Palace
4- DR. PIERCE, Inventor. Hotel, San Francisco. 4-
■H- +T-"f"fTTTTTTT "f + "f + + T T- "t" T T -T.-t" "t- TT + "t" "t" T _
the incoming Supervisors passed their
certificates of election to the Mayor, and
his Honor declared the board formally* or
ganized, and proceeded to read his mes-
sage.
In response to the roDcall, which fol
lowed the reading of the message, every
member of the board answered to his
name, as follows: First Ward, Edward
Holland; Second. Edward C. Kalben;
Third, Howard Black; Fourth, Edward L.
Perrault; Fifth, W. H. Phelps; Sixth,
John I.ackmann; Seventh, L. F. Bying
ton; Eighth, George W. Collins; Ninth,
Albert Heyer; Tenth, Jeremiah Deasy;
Eleventh, Arthur Attridge; Twelfth, Ed
ward H. Aigeltinger.
Then came the appointment of standing
committees, the personnel of -which had
been previously arranged, as follows:
Judiciarv— Byington, Phelps. Aigeltinger.
Finance and Auditing— Perrault, Attridge,
Collins.
Streets, Wharves. Grades and Public Squares
— Aißeltinger, Kalben, Holland, Collins, At
tridtje.
Public Buildintrs— Hollond, Kalben. Attrldfce.
Water and Water Supply— Phelps, Lackmann,
Aieeltinger, Black, Attrldgre.
Health and Police— Collins, Attridge, Phelp*.
Heyer, Lackmann.
Fire Department— Heyer, Phelps, Holland,
Collins. Kalben.
License and Orders— Lackmann, Aigeltinger,
Black.
Hospital— Attridge, Black. Kalben.
Printing and Salaries— Black. Kalben. Phelps.
Street Lights — Kalben, Phelps, Holland,
Elack, Collins.
Outside Lands— Deaay, Byington, Perrault,
Lackmann, B
Personal Property Assessments— Phelps,
Black, Kalben. •
Under the order of new business reso
lutions instructing the head, janitor as to
his duties and adopting the old board's
rules of order and routine for committee
meetings were adopted. Then came the
New Year's presents for the faithful who
earned rewards during the campaign.
Supervisor Kalben presented a type
written resolution declaring a long list of
offices vacant. It was duly passed, and
Supervisor Phelps handed In the follow
ing names to fill the vacancies. This also
went through without objection:
Prosecuting Attorney, Police Court. Depart
ment No. 11, H. L. Joachimsen; Prosecuting At
torney, Police Court. Department No. 2. C. A.
D .v ;" Prosecuting Attorney, Police Court, De
partment No. 3, George A. Wentworth; Prose
cuting Attorney, Police Court, Department No.
4, L. G. Carpenter; Clerk to Prosecuting At
torney, Police Court. Department No. 1, Julius
Pundt; Clerk to Prosecuting Attorney, Police
Court, DepartJnent No. 2. Hubert Lyon; Clerk
to Prosecuting Attorney, Police Court, Depart
ment No. S William Attridge; Clerk to Prose
cuting Attorney, Police Court, Department No.
4 Bert Weln; Clerk of Police Court, Depart
ment No 1, Fred Conway: Clerk of Poiice
Court, Department No. 2, John I. Rice; Clerk
of Police Court, Department No. 3. Thomas H.
Kelly; Clerk of Police Court, Department No.
4, James McQuade.
Mil -rintendent of Construction of Hall of
. \v. J. Thompson.
Sergeant at Arms Board of Supervisors. J. R.
Head janitor City Hall, Matthew Smith; Jani
tor Board of Supervisors, John F. Ryan; janl
tor Mayor's office, J. F. Brodle; Janitor Au
ditor's and Treasurer's office, Eugene King;
, .\_..-,.5v:,)r l s office, Thomas Mullen; janl
tor County Clerk's office, Charles J. Sweeney;
janitor District .Attorney's office, William Mc-
Pherson; janitor License Collector's office, Rob
ert Hoey; Janitor Recorder's office, Thomas
Caveney; Janitor Fire Department, W. Darling;
r Tax Collector's office. M. Bushway;
janitor Superintendent of Street's office, Solo
mon Krauss; janitor Superior Court. Depart
ments Nob. 1 and 3, William Bannon: janitor
Superior Court, Departmr-nt No. 2, and Police
- record room, Paul Fowler; janitor Su
TAX LEVY BILL FOR SUPPORT OF STATE GOVERNMENT FOR TEN YEARS. BOTH
J BY LEGISLATIVE PERIODS AND BY YEARS. Mendoclno
General School Interest Grammar Asylum
Fund. Fund. and Sinking. Schools. Fund.
1. 0 80;.. 1891 ' .f^»4.522.9T0 »,503,500 $200,000 175,000 ...
J nrst 3Ve^. t°..^.^.^..^h..^. r. t : 4,822.970 1.893.500 200,000 75,000 ......:.
Totals' « 022,010 $3,787,000 $400,000 $150,000 $175,000
ra^^s:::^^ n,^ «»<«. — «*«
JtS d y^J" l° 30 ' IS92 '. fO. rt. y j2,622,694 $1,966,174 $110,000 ~ $175,000
Ju£Jk &ISS.!^ 2,756,964 1.966.174 151,710 _- ;;;--.
_ t,iQ $5,379,633 $3,932,348 $261,710 $175,000
1 OtfllS ....»•••••••• * Q~Q"*~fl
December, 1892, overdrawn 306174
fera JUb,l(4
'fIrtWSS t0 30> •• 894 '- f°-^"w.262.225 $2,057,279 $141,435 ~ U
J sixth; y1^".?..^.!..3^.^ 3 .'..™." 3.312.920 2,057.279 141,435
8 Totals • 47.575.145 $4,114,558 $282,870 -
December, W9S, overdrawn l-gj-^
j^yT™S9s;'to"iune'3bVM96.''iorty- "^ $2i193i459 nn, 435
seventh year * ■ „, ,- i .„ •••••••• »*«•«•••
December. 1895, 0verdrawn............. 928,973 .
July 1. ISS6, to June 30. 1597. t *■■■■ * ».«M."l- 2f195i459 141.435
eighth year • * ____^_— ——_— ■_.!—.— ■ — -....
Totala $7,594,477 $4,390,918 $282,870 - ~.
July 1. lS97;'to"june'3o, 1898. forty- ?2553502 mm $141>436 „
July T's'^to-June" 30V1899; ««** 2-553-602 8-814-968 141,435 z—z
year ' ' . .
" # .$5,107,204 $4,629,926 $252.870
_.^__ — :
Court Charles McDennott; Janitor Superior
I No. 9. and .reporter's of
fice Peter Uingen; janitor Superior Court De
partments Nos 10 and 3. James Graham; janl-
L r c,,,,,.ri0r Court, Departments J*os. 7 and
? JWHardv; janitor Receiving Hospital.
Insane ward Jamei Cronln; janitor Jus cc
Court and messenger of. G. de Martlm Janitor
City and County Attorney's and secretary ol
Court's office. John Holland; assist
,n, rl eTa City Hall, Fred Bauer: janitor
r ;l t ''(»! i City HalL Hj Wilklns;
tanltor Police Commissioners and Police Court
8 City Hall. N. Fitzgerald; Janitor Pole* Court
" md Chief of Police. P. Moreno; Janitors City
HaS dome, a. H. Bonsock. Martin O'Brien.
J A'^trnt S clerk 8 Board of Supervisors. George
T Ga r r& 9 r %«&%<• (head gardener).
P inipect r oV y 'of Sidewalks. B. F. Dougherty.
On motion of Supervisor Heyer the
board then adjourned to meet next Mon
day at 2 p.m. _____
CLOVERDALE'S CITRUS FAIR.
Sonoma's Fruit Exposition to Be Held
in February.
CLOVERDAI.E, Jan. 3.-The citrua fair
directors met yestedayand decided to hold
the seventh annual citrus fair on Febru
ary 17 to 22. Cash prizes will be offered
for all classes of exhibits. The directors
rp-;.- William caldwell, president: B. G.
Shelter., vice president: G Cameron, J.
Hagmayer and G. to. Baer. and H. F.
Domlne, secretary. Artistic displays of
citrus fnilts are to be Riven the prefer
ence Many improvements are to be made
in the pavilion. Oranges and lemons have
not been hurt much by the frosts and are
of excellent quality.
DONS SHOULDER STBAPS.
Corporal Donald R. Green Promoted
to a Second Lieutenancy.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. B.— Donald R.
Green, son of Will S. Green of the Colusa
Sun, was to-day promoted by Governor
Budd from corporal in Company X
Eighth California Volunteers, stationed
at r.enlria Barracks, to second lieutenant
of Battery B, battalion of California
Heavy Artillery, at present stationed on
Angel Island. Lieutenant Green is a
thoroughly competent soldier and is well
dtserving'of his promotion.
Sonoma Newspaper Transfer.
SONOMA, Jan. 3.— The Sonoma News,
GOVERNOR BUDD'S
MESSAGE
Continued from Fifth Page.
fund on the date mentioned. To the
amount must be added all appropriations
made by the present Legislature which
take effect prior to July L Bills have al
ready been passed carrying 1 appropria
tions aggregating: $861,000, which take ef
fect immediately. Of these appropria
tions you have approved $259,24S e>9. and
this amount has already been or will be
disbursed.
It is important that as few appropria
tions as possible be made immediately
available, as revenue to meet them can
not be collected until January 1 next, and
they will only add to the amount of the
deficiency already existing-.
On January 19 addressed a communica
tion to the Ways and Means and Finance
committees, calling their attention to this
matter.and particularly requested that all
bills carrying appropriations for purposes
other than the payment of deficiencies al
ready created be amended so as to render
the appropriations effective after January
1, 1896. Respectfully.
E. P. COLGAN, Controller.
APPENDIX C. ';■'
Amount of claims passed to Govcrno,r
Budd's administration that should have
been provided for by former ones:
Orphans *il-'Jm
Airfd - 34. ,406
r.fbris •:::::::: 250 000
Deficiencies V'Vi; W-.0a7
Recommended by Board of Exam
iners • 7 «> 963
Total 11,485.682
Coyote scalps • 266,230
$1,751,912
APPENDIX D.
Expenditures from the general fund,
January 1, 1891, to January 1, 1899:
Governor Markham's administration:
January 1. 1891. to June 30 1891 *.£>5.554 04
July 1, IS9I. to June 30. 1592 ?'is?'^ P,
July 1 1892 to June 30, 1893 3,961,042 90
July 1 1593 to June 30, 1894 3,737.900 4S
July 1. ISO 4. to January 1, 1595 1,957,116 la
Transferred from general fund to
interest and sinking fund (Stat.
1593. p. 49) 120,000 00
Transferred from general fund to
■\Vhittler Reform School fund (to
correct error) 1.832 z«
Total $15,025,961 06
Governor Budd's administration:
January 1. 1896. to June 30 1895 $2,268,953 73
July 1, 1595. to June 30, 1896 2,913, 039 67
July 1 1896. to June 30, 189. 3.209,039 88
July 1 $97 to June 30. 1898.......... 3.058,690 31
July 1. IS9B, to January 1, 1899 (estl- 1-800.000 00
mated) iIL'VV I'Boo-0001 ' 800 - 000 °°
Transferred from general fund to .„,,..
rock crushing revolving fund...... 6,000 00
Transferred from general fund to
Whlttier State School fund........ 1.949 21 ]
Transferred from general fund to
school fund ••• n 25
Total $13,257,144 07
APPENDIX E.
which haa been published in this place
for the past three years, has been sold
to H. H. Granice, proprietor of the Index
Tribune.
In the Chinese Morgue one of the !
strange sights is a number of life-size
dolls, which are burned to accompany the
corpses as their servants to the next
world. They are doubtless a relic of the
time when human beings were thus burn
ed as companions of the deceased.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO FAITH CURE.
ABOUT STUART'S DYSPEPSIA
TABLETS.
They Cure Stomach Troubles and In-
digestion Anyway, Whether
You Have Faith in
Them or Not.
Mere faith will not digest your food
for you, will not give you an appetite
will not increase your flesh and
strengthen your nerves and heart, but
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will do these
things, because they are composed of
the elements of digestion, they contain
I the juices, acids and peptones necessary
to the digestion and assimilation of all
wholesome food.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will digest
food if placed in a jar or bottle in water
heated to 98 degrees, and they will do
it much more effectively when taken
into the stomach after meals, whether
you have faith that they will or not.
They invigorate the stomach, make
pure blood and strong nerves, in the
only way that nature can do it, and
that is, from plenty of wholesome food
well digested. It is not what we eat,
but what we digest that does us good.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold
by nearly all druggists at 50 cents for
full sized package, or by mail from
the F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich.
Munyon'sHeadache and Indigestion Cure
Is the only remedy on the market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures 25c.
EJi^l Chlehoatcr'a Encllth Diamond Brand. -
f ehnyrqVal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
ff r-^S^\ Original and On!j Genuine. A
>i/rkvv\ •*"• aiwaji reliibU. ladicb aik JS\
Druggiit for CMcheiters English Dia-£i%\.
fc*%»3'sa*y>Jamo)iii Brand Id Red and Gold metallic yUR?
"fek ~OffimboxM, ie»led with blue ribbon. Take \V
TO SVjno other. RtjSut dangerous rub Jtitu- V
I / ** fW Horn and imitations. At Dmggiiu, or «en 4 *«.
I <•» JM In >ta>m P a for parti(ml»ri, t<»tlmonl»l« mat
It* 19 K«Uef for L,adlea,"«n«ert«vb7retmii»
■V If Mall. 10.000 TettimocUli. *•«- Paotr.
feU bj all Loch DrugtfiU. PHTLAI>A« 77
I A PERMANENT CURE !
I 1 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea <
7 and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
C : days ; no other treatment required. 5
' t Sold by all druggists. 5
\M. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY- AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claua Sprockets Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931. fiSsatp^i
Residence, 821 California at., below Powell.
San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND VALUE
OF THE
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
OF
THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society,
A CORPORATION.
And where said Assets are Sitnated,
dated. Deceinte 31, 1898.
ASSETS.
I—Promissory1 — Promissory Notes and
the debts thereby secured,
the actual value of which
is $26,373,589 62
The condition of said
Promissory Notes and
debts is as follows: They
are all existing Contracts,
owned by said Corpora-
tion, and are payable to
it at its Office, which is
situated at the Corner of
Market, McAllister and
Jones Streets, in the City,
and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California,
and the payment thereof
la secured by First Mort-
gages on Real Estate
within this State. Said
Promissory Notes are
kept and held by said
Corporation at its said
Office, which is its princi-
pal place of business, and
said Notes and debts are
there situated.
2 — Promissory Notes and
the debts thereby secured,
the actual value of which
is 10,50000
The condition of said
Promissory Notes and
debts is as follows: They
are all existing Contracts,
owned by said Corpora-
tion, and are payable to
it at its office, which is
situated as aforesaid, and
the payment thereof is se-
cured by "Park and Cliff
House Railway Company
6 per cent Bonds" and
"Market Street Railway
Company First Consoli-
dated Mortgage 5 per cent
Gold Bonds," the market
value of all said bonds be-
ing $23,625 00. Said Notes
are kept and held by said
Corporation at its said
Office, and said Notes and
Bonds are there situated.
S— Bonds of the United
States, the actual value of
which is 13,102,764 53
The condition of Baid
Bond 3 is as follows: They
belong to said Corpora-
tion, and are kept and
held by it In its own
Vaults and are there sit-
uated.
They are "Registered 4
per cent ($12,000,000 00)
and 3 per cent ($250,-
-000 00) United States
Bonds" and are payable
only to the order of Baid
Corporation.
4— Miscellaneous Bonds,
the actual value of which
is 1.457.43828
The condition of Bald
Bonds is as follows: They
belong to said Corpora-
tion, and are kept and
held by it in its own
Vaults, and are there sit-
uated. They are "Markef
Street Cable Railway
Company 6 per cent
Bonds ($884,000)," "Spring
Valley Water Works 4
per cent Bonda ($212,-
-000)," "Sutter Street Rail-
way Company 5 per cent
Bonds ($150,000)," "Powell
Street Railway Com-
pany 6 per cent Bonds
($50,000)" and "City of
San Luis Oblspo 5 per
cent Bonds ($29,250 39)/'
s—lnterest5 — Interest on Miscellane-
ous Bonds accrued to
January 1. 1889 158,580 21
6 — (a) Real estate situated
In the City and County
of San Francisco ($507,-
-968 91) and In the Coun-
ties of Alameda ($105,-
-714 06) and Santa Clara
($118,624 53), in said State,
the actual value of which
is T82.80750
(b) The land and build-
ing in which said Corpor-
ation keeps its "id Office,
the actual value of which
la 564.W1W
The condition of said
Real Estate is that it be-
longs to said Corporation
and part of it is produo- .
tive.
7_Proportion of Taxes for
the Fiscal Year 1898-99
chargeable to next halt
year 88,493 08
B— Cash in United States
Gold and Silver Coin, be-
longing to said Corpora-
tion, and in Its possession,
and situated at its said
Office; Actual Value 1,867,218 01
Total Assets ..$44,299,730 27
LIABILITIES.
I— Said Corporation owes
Deposits amounting to
and the actual value of
which is 41,868,64178
The condition of said
Deposits is that they are
payable only out of said
Assets and are fully se-
cured thereby.
2— Reserve Fund: Actual
va i ue 2,936,088 51
Total Liabilities .$44,299.730 27
The Hibernia Savings and Loan So-
ciety,
By JAMES R. KELLY, President
The Hibernia Savings and Loan So-
ciety,
By ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
State of California, \
City and County of San Francisco. \ °
JAMES R. KELLY and ROBERT J.
TOBIN being each separately duly
sworn, each for himself, says: That
said JAMES R. KELLY is President,
and that said ROBERT J. TOBIN is
Secretary of THE HIBERNIA SAV-
INGS AND LOAN SOCIETY, the Cor-
poration above mentioned, and that th«
foregoing statement is true.
JAMES R. KELLY, President.
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 3d day of January. 1899.
GEO. T. KNOX. Notary Public,
In and for the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California.
Weekly Gall $1.00 pr Year
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Linseed Oil and Lucol advanced again.
Wheat and Barley lower.
Wheat freights steady.
Cats and Corn firm. Rye lower.
Bran advanced again.
Hay and Middlings unchanged.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Flour and Mlllstnfts as before.
Potatoes and Onions firm.
Eggs arriving more freely.
Butter and Cheese easy.
Poultry and Game quiet.
Fruit market well supplied and dull.
No movement in Dried Fruits.
Lard advanced again.
No change in Hops and Wool.
Beef and Pork higher.
Larger Custom collection?.
DRIED FRUITS IX NEW YORK.
The New York Commercial Bays of the dried
' fruit market there:
"All holders of prunes are confident. Care
ful inquiry on the coast results In finding- few
large sizes, and the quantity of any size in
first hands is small. The entire crop has fallen
short, and later estimates seem to indicate that
It will scarcely run over 70,000,000 pounds. If
this be true, it represents a reduction of fully
one-third as compared with last year. Prices
are steady, though there Is an easier feeling
In intermediate sizes which may result in frac
tional declines. Dealers do not anticipate this,
however, nd are making no effort to prevent
■ It A few large sizes are still to be had from
Oregon, but Washington supplies are exhausted,
and business is slack on others. It Is generally
believed that small dealers nave light stocks,
and that greatly increased trade will result
from their request when they begin restock-
Ins
"Raisins are unimproved. There is almost no
inquiry for California loose Muscatels. Stocks
In dealers' hands are sufficient ror the moment,
and none are being bought with speculative
• Intent. The outlook Is too uncertain to en
courage speculation. Dealers are buying only
•what they actually require In their daily busi
ness, and, holiday demand being over, their
■wants are small. Clusters attract no atten
tion, and though prices are held steady, there
If no demand worth mentioning. Foreign rai-
Flns are flnt ami none are meeting any demand
. V ■worthy of consideration.
1 "reaches are lirni and steady, and there is
. no change in apricots to record. Both pre
sent essentially the same features. There is
. no export demand because of high quotations,
and local buyers appear indifferent. It is «-x
--pected, however, that prices will advance still
further when spring demand begins."
•': ' . CUSTOMS COLLECTIONS.
Local customs collections m December were
' J457.534, against J36f>,300 In December, 1895 and
for the year $6,064.7*6. nuainst ■ .■ 11,500 in tan.
THE LUMBER YRADE.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron, under date of
January 1, Fays: "The lumber trade is the
first to be affected by any untoward circum-
Btances' and the continued apprehension that
■ the State is to be afflicted witn another dry
year causes lumbermen to almost despair. The
. local trade- is almost at a standstill with no
prospect of an Increase. Should rain come
In goodly quantity during January there would
be an instantaneous revival and the mill
■wheels would rapidly revolve. Reports from
•:' all over the State show an alarming dullness,
but December is always a dull month. The
'■ arrivals from Pujfet Sound ports have been
'" normal and the foreign demand for fir, spruce
and redwood has kept up. Eastern lumber
■ ' ' dealers are making inquiry for redwood, and
' the new year opens with better prospects than
n - evor for redwood shingles, which are fast mak
.'•;.. ing their way into the Easi. Eventually the
'■' mill men of Mendoclno, Humboldt and Del
■';•' TCorte counties will find great profit in shingles.
■.. The mountain mills are about all closed down
■.-and reports say that sugar pine mills have
•. all done well this season.
.•.:= "The hardwood situation is about as it has
•.' been since the middle of the year and there
' : •; -Is every promise of a strong revival, to occur
'.- "in the next few months. The latter months of
•'. . all yearn are not over brisk or encouraging,
•■•' • but business usually picks up and becomes
■.y : 'prosperous by May and June If not before.
.;'••. "Throughout the Eastern market, quiet is the
•' • best term applicable, but such is always the
;■;';. case In December. The year has been very
•'•"good to almost all the localities, but with
•" -perhaps too small a marginal profit even with
;.. ; .the large sales reported. Everything points
.".•toward a readjustment of relations between
•■;-. returns and demands. Taken in consideration.
.'■ the year IS9S closes better and shows stronger
./."•tendencies in market quotations than any year
.-. • for the last six. All In all. the coming year,
1.."- •'••with good climatic conditions generally preva
,'•' lent, should be the banner one and a brilliant
; "-. closing to the nineteenth century."
-f'\': : THE RAIN.
■.'•"•: .. The recent storm was general throughout the
- * .State. The fall ranged from half an inch to
'•'...' an inch in the San Joaquin, from one to two
"• • Inches In the Sacramento Valley, and from
. ' two to two and a half inches along the north
.;. em coast tier of counties. At San Luis
■■. Oblspo, nearly two and a half Inches fell.
t --Heavy snow fell in the mountains. It was a
...= fine New. Year's gift to the State, and the
;'•■•'. effect is already apparent in increased con
. ifidence and a renewed disposition on the part
■• of everybody to go ahead and do something.
THE HOP TRADE.
A local circular says of the hop trade In
ISDS:
"The Pacifies Coast produced for the season
• of 1898 a crop of about 143,000 bales of hops,
■ 'about 6 per cent less than in 1897. From out
.;. of such there remain only about. 12,500 bales
■ . In growers' hands, the bulk of which consists
. '. of mediums. In addition to the above there is
the usual amount of IS9S stock in the posses
.;. . sion of dealers, most of which is held on ac
\. 'count of sales for future deliveries. The mar
■;'. ket was a very quick one, at prices ranging
all the way from 10c to 13c per pound, accord
ing to quality and district. This season Oregon
'.produced more hops and of average better
quality compared with California and Washing
." • ton, although Sonoma County turned out some
,;: .beautiful goods, some of which commanded as
. ;■: high as l&c, which represents the highest price
•••. paid so far on the coast. Of the 20,000 bales
:. •■ : of hops which were on hand on July 1 ISSS
. ; remain only about Woo bales, ranging "in
: **-' 0 from 1593 to 1597. and in the hands of a
.• • few dealers. The statistical position of the
..; market is certainly a strong one, as we have •
: great many less hops in sight at this time of
• the year than we have had for many a season
while the sales of malt liquors in the United
'"■' n^rrJ°L the , fiscal year shows an increase of
:■ • S.OOtt.flOO barrels. We hear that some dealers
. are already looking around for the 1899 crop
which wiii not be ready rore next fall, and
the price offered— about 10c— has not led to any
1 business as yet. On account of paying prices
■ during the past couple of seasons there is some
...disposition to increase the acreage and which
does not look like a safe proposition, as the
..- worlds present acreage, with any sort of de
• cent crop, will result in an over-production
..-with accompanying low prices."
■■ • ' * ■■■ ' - — ■ ■
STOCKS OF GRAIN.
:" ' Produce. Exchange Grain Inspector Steller re
ports stocks of grain in warehouse and on
. wharf January las follows, in tons
i Wheat ' .
• _ . . Pt Costa. Stockton. City
.. December 1 „ 77,371 24 o*9 7975
; January 1... 73.676 22.309 7,845
1 Barley .
.*■ ,~ ' . , Pt. Costa. Stockton. City
. December 1 11.544 6,629 -"j
. ' January 1 6,788 3.557 13 ISO
: -December 1 Oats. Corn. Bran
December 1 7.660 1,268 s"j
January 1 6.173 6 75 is?
■' , Receipts in December were 14.035 tons Bar
. ley. 2346 do Oats. 744 do Corn and 1400 do Bran.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time )
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3, 5 p. m.
■ " The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
, date as compared with those of same date
last season and rainfall in the last twenty-four
■'.• hours:
. . " Last This Last
. . Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
' Eureka 0.26 :... IB ir
•Hed Bluff 0.00 6.93 6 08
[« Sacramento 0.00 6.02 4*38
•■Ban Francisco ' 0.03 4.72 4 07
. ■•; Fresno 0.10 2.50 1 V,
.■fan Luis Oblspo ' 0.16 3.86 I*sß
-. • Los Angeles Trace 0.80 2 53
.., San Diego 0.26 1.59 l"41
• Yuma 0.00 1.32 0.81
v : San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
':. '. 49; minimum, 42; mean, 46.
:' : . WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
:■:• ■" ' FORECAST.
:;• • The pressure has risen rapidly over the north
::••'ivestern portion of the country during the past
'■;■' -twenty-four hours and is above the normal In
■ :■■ 'the Pacific Coast States. It is highest In
.- ' Western Montana and there is another high
.'.'•area off the California coast.
V = The. temperature is below the normal In all
■"• districts. There has been a decided fall in tem
perature over the Rocky Mountain region The
j temperature in Montana and North Dakota
-. Is below zero. • • -. • .
■ The weather is cloudy over the northern por
jo° tion of the .Pacific slope ! and clear • over the
•. southern portion.' Rain has fallen in Oregon
• . mid portions of California and snow over the
° Rocky Mountain region.
0 Conditions are favorable for fair colder
= weather in California Wednesday and Wednes
° day night.*,*
': o Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
i hours ending midnight, January 4. 1889.
Northern California— cloudy Wednes
; day; fresh northwest wind: severe frost
■Southern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
"„ treat wind; severe frost.
Neva da —Partly cloudy Wednesday; colder.
Utah — Fair Wednesday; colder.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Wednesday: colder '
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
[Wednesday; fresh northwest wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpais— Cloudy; wind
northwest eight miles; temperature, 34; maxi
mum temperature, S3.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NSW YORK, Jan. 3.— The market was Irreg
ular to-day, but left off strong: with fractional
gains in most shares with larger gains in othei
stocks where interest largely centered. Initial
prices were generally higher, but subsequent
speculation was somewhat reactory and Lon
don sold some 30.000 shares, partly on the
Philippine incident and renewed talk of trouble
between France and England. Profit-taking
sales caused some of the railways to recede
from the early best figures, Xew York Central
being especially weak, although it subsequently
recovered most of Its loss. American Steel and
Wire shares after opening with Improvements
were raided and the common declined 5 points
and the preferred lost IS and then rallied 3%
and 12 points, respectively. In the afternoon
rise there was an increase in the volume of
trading. The favorable November statement
of Louisville started an upward movement in
that stock of » and a better tone spread to the
rest of the list. Western Union and Kansas
and Texas preferred also displayed strength.
Improvement in the anthracite trade because of
the cold weather was assigned a reason for the
rise in these stocks, although the advance
in the price of coal predicted for the begin
ning of the year failed to materialize. The in
crease in eastbound shipment and the reported
restoration of trunk line freight rates were sup
porting factors in the stock concerned. Ameri
can Sugar was hammered from time to time
on the unsettled conditions of the trade and
lost 2 per cent.
Railway bond prices forged upward to-day
on heavy purchases. Total sales. $6,101,000.
United States fours declined % and the old
fours coupon advanced % in the bid price.'
Total sales of stocks to-day, 375,400 shares. In
cluding: 3546 Atchison; 14,320 do preferred: 5000
Central Pacific; 12,350 Burlington; 3143 Great
Northern preferred; 16,350 Louisville and Nash
ville; 3320 Manhattan; 35,300 Reading preferred;
5450 Missouri Pacific; 17,770 Missouri, Kansas
and Texas preferred: 9120 Northern Pacific; 10.
--220 do erred; 15.680 Reading; 13.500 Rook Isl
and; 9230 Union Pacific; 18,620 St. Paul; 5050
Southern Pacific; 4530 Texas and Pacific: 24,650
Union Pacific preferred; 3597 Paper; 7305 Ameri
can Spirits; 0720 Tobacco; 10.720 Steel; 30.825 do
preferred; 11,250 People's Gas: 3440 Colorado
Fuel and Iron; 3675 Pacific Mall; 3302 Pullman;
27,695 Sugar; 9400 Tennessee Coal and Iron;
4590 Leather; 7520 ■!<> preferred; 3230 Rubber; 17,
--220 Western Union; 6750 C. G. W.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 19 Do prefd 67
Do prefd 51% Do 2d prefd St%
Baltimore & Ohio. 69 St Louis & S W... 7%
Canada Pacific So Do prefd 17
Canada Southern.. 54% St Paul 120%
Cent Pac, & Ohio. 42»i St Louis <fe S W... 166' s
.■:: i Pacific — 8S Mo prefd 17
ida Southern.. 54% St Paul 120%
. Pac, ex-div.. 42% Do prefd 166 "
dies & Ohio 23% St P & Om 92%
Chi .v Alton 170 Do prefd 168
Chi 11 & Q 125% St P M & M ISO
Chi & E 111 61 Bo Pacific 34v;
Do prefd 112% So Railway 10%
Chi G W 16 Do prefd 41".
Chi Ind & L S Texas & Pacific... 19
Do prefd 32 Union Pacific 43%
Chi & N W 141% Do prefd 73?,
Do prefd ISSVi U P D & G 2d ast
CCC& St L 424 paid 12
Do prefd 96 Wabash 7T»
Del & Hudson 106y. Do prefd 22y<j
Del L& I- 159 Wheel & Pacific... 18
■ prefd 32 Union Pacific 43%
A N W 141% Do prefd 78%
D prefd ISS%|TJ P D & G 2d ast
<■ &St L 424 paid ! 12
96 'TVabash 7T4
& Hudson 106% Do prefd 2"%
1. A W 159 Wheel AL E. 4th
Den & Rio G 20% ast paid 6%
Do prefd 70% Do prefd, 4th ast
Erie (new) 14% paid 27',
Do Ist prefd 38% Express Companies—
Ft Wayne 175 Adams Ex 108
Gt.Nor prpfd 144% American Ex 143
Hocking VaJ SU United States 53
Illinois Cent 114 7 8 Wells Fargo 127
Lake Erie & W.... 21 Miscellaneous-
Do prefd 74% A Cot Oil 35%
Lake Shore 196' Do prefd S3
Louis A Nash 64% Am Spirits 14 ;
Manhattan L 97^1 Do prefd 89%
Met St Ry 191% Am Tobacco 143%
Mich Cent.... 11l Do prefd 130
Ist St L 101' 2 ;Am Tobacco 143%
h Cent 11l Do prefd 130
n & St L 36%1C0n Gas 195
Do Ist prefd.... 95% Com Cable Co 175
Mo Pacific 45% Col F & Iron 32%
Mobile & Ohio 31% | Do prefd 85
Mo X & T 14 V Gen Electric 95
Do prefd 39% I Haw Com Co 57%
N J Central 98 Intl Paper 63%
N V Central 122?; Do prefd 93%
N V Chi & St L... 14% Leclede Gas r.2%
Do Ist prefd 72 Lead 38%
•' Chi iSt L... 35 Leclede Gas 52%
> Ist prefd 72 Lead 3R'i
•■l'd 3."> Do prefd 114
Nor West 18% Nat Lin Oil 8%
No Amer Co 7 Pacific Mail 45
No Pacific 43*; People's Gas 110
Do prefd 77"i Pullman Pal 163
Ontario & W IS*; Silver Certificates. 58%
Or Ii & Nay 60 Standard R & T... 8%
Or Short Line 42% Sugar 124
Pac C Ist prefd... 83% Do prefd 11l
Do 2d prefd 64 TC & Iron 87%
Pittshurg 172 U B Leather 7%
Reading 23H Do prefd 72%
Do Ist prefd 54;4 U S Rubber 43*;
R G W ; 25 Do prefd 11l
Do prefd 65 West Union 94%
Rock Island 114 (Federal Steel 54%
St Louis &. S F.... 8%! Do prefd 85%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3s 107% N Carolina 6s 125
t ßeading 4s reg....129% Do prefd 104
Ist prefd 54% U 3 Rubber 43^
W 25 Do prefd 11l
prefd 65 West I'nlon 944
Island 114 IFfdera.l Steel 54%
}uls & S F S%i! Do prefd 86%
CLOSING BONDS.
3s 107% N Carolina 6s 125
new 4s reg 12'j'-. Do 4s 104
Do coup 12!" 2 No Pac lsts 117%
U S 45.. 112% Do 3s 60U
Do coup 113% Do 4s. ex-lnt 101%
Do 2ds, ex-int... 99% N V C & St L 45. .106
U S 5s reg 113% Nor & W 6s 128%
Do os coup 113 Northwestern c0n. 145
District 3.65s 118 Do deb 5s 119
Ala class A 108 O Nay lsts 113
Do H 108 O Nay 4s 100%
Do C 100 O S Line 6s tr....130
Do Currency 100 O S Line 5s tr....111%
Atchison 4s 100 Pacific 6s of 95. ex-
Do adj 4s 79% int 100
Can So 2ds Reading 4s, ex-lr.t. 87
I C & 'i 4%s 91 iR G W lsts 93
Chi Term 4s 96% :8t L A I M con 65. 105
C & Ohio 5s 117% St L & S F gen 6s,
CH&D4%s 104% l ex-int 122
D & R G Ist? 10S ISt P Con 162
D & Ii G 4s 102%15t }• C A P 15t5. ...122%
East Term lsts 107 | Do 5s 121
Erie Gen 4s 75% So Ry os, ex-int. ..103%
FW & D Ists tr.. 86 Stand R& T 65... 84%
Gen Elec 5s 108 Term new set 15... 98
GII&■S A6s 107 Tex Pac L G Ist- .109"
Do 2ds 103 i Do Rg 2ds 4*14
H&T Css 112 DPD & G lsts... 87%
Do con 65.... 112 Wab Ist 5s 113
lowa C Ists lU7 Do 2ds 9-v
La new con 4s 109% W Shre 4s. ex-int. 110»;
L& N Uni 4s 98 Va Centuries 83
Missouri 6s 100 Do deferred 7%
MX & T 2ds 68 Wis Cent lsts 62
Do 4s 91% V P 4s. ex-lnt 103%
N V Central lsts..H7% Colo Southern 45... &6%
N J C 5s 118 I
MINING STOCKS.
| Chollar 12, Ontario 5 75
Crown Point 14 Ophir 55
Con Cal & Va 1 05 Plymouth 10
I Dead wood 45 Quicksilver : 2 00
Gould & Curry.... 251 Do prefd 500
Hale & Norcross.. 10' Sierra Nevada 90
Homestake 50 00 Standard 185
Iron Silver 68|Union Con 12
Mexican 35 Yellow Jacket 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ■ lAtch prefd 51%
Call loans 2@3| Bonds-
Time loans 3@4 Atchison 4s .. 98%
Stocks— General Elec 55.... 97%
Atch Top & St Fe. 18T4 1 Wis Central 15.... 60
Amer Sugar 124 1 Mining Shares-
Do prefd ll%!AIlouez Mm C 0.... 8%
Bay State Gas Atlantic 33
Bell Tel ......273%' Boston & M0nt. ...283
Boston & Albany. .24u |Butte & 805t0n.... 87%
Boston & Maine. ..l7o Calumet & Hec1a..635
I Boston L 81 Centennial 38
Chi Bur & Q 125% Franklin 22' i
Fitchburg 107 Osceola 80%
I Gen Electric 95V4 Quincy 146
Mexican Central... 6 Tamarack 185
. N V & N Eng 99 I Wolverine 36
. Old Colony 198% Parrott 36
Rubber 43%IHumboldt 2"4
Union Pac 43 1 ' Old Dominion 37' 4
West End I'nion Land 11%
Westlngh Elec 38%' Adventure 9%
Ed Elec Tel... 195 IWinona 14
Gen Elec prefd 160 I
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 3.— Money on call, firm at
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
W YORK, Jan. 3.— Money on call, firm at
3@4 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3@3% per cent. Sterling ex
change steady, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 |4%01 84% for demand and
$4 81%@4 82 for sixty days; posted rates, $4 82%
@4 85; commercial bills, $4 81. Silver certifi
cates, 68%@60%c. Bar Silver, B9c. Mexican
dollars, 46?jc. Government bonds irregular;
State bonds Inactive; railroad bonds firm.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— To-day's statement
i of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $294,764,895; gold reserve
I J24C.529.175.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. The Commercial
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here had a buoyant opening to
day, checked by an authentic rumor of the re
call of Sir Edmund J. Monson from Paris.
There was a little recovery later. Americans
moved Irregularly. The weakness in them was
accentuated by reports of the Philippine
trouble and the expectation of a disappointing
Louisville and Nashville dividend. .New' York
merely absorbed at the lower level. There
■was a Blight improvement on the street
Copper was strong. Anacondas, 6%. Money
was easy this morning and harder later on
repayments to the bank reducing supplies.
There are rumors here that New York Is
about to take gold. Of the day's arrival of
half a million from the Cape it Is understood
the bulk was taken for New York at 77s livid®
77s ll& 4 d. I "" w
Canadian Pacific, 86%: Grand Trunk 7«
Bar Silver steady, 27V4d per ounce. Money
2%@2% per cent. *'
Spanish 4s closed at 45%. -.'-v;
PARIS, Jan. Spanish 4s closed at 46.60
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Jan. 3.— FLOUR— Receipts. 65.
--870 barrel*: exports, 24.313. Unfavorably af
fected by the break In wheat and ruled quiet.
WEAT — Receipts. 374.62.): exports. 607,816
bushels. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, 79% c.
Options opened steadier on cables, but nsld<;
from this the new year began disastrously for
bull tracers. Prices ruled weak all day, un
heeding a big vUible supply decrease and heavy
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1899.
clearances, being Influences by general liqui
dation, disappointing outside trade and bearish
sentiments of foreigners; 1 closed weak, lc net
lower. No. 2 red January, 76-.4@77>4c: closed,
77V«0. March, 75V4@79 7-16e r closed. 7SVic.
HOPS-Quiet.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— advanced IB to 25 points,
while tin Jumped 75 to 100 points, with both
markets very strong. The balance of the list
kept well In the background and showed but
narrow changes. Demand for both copper and
tin was brisk, but sellers were hard to find
and aggregate transactions were hardly in
keeping with the bis change in quotations.
News from primary points and abroad was
firm and partially responsible for the strength
of the local market. At the close the Metal
I Exchange called plgiron warrants firm at $7 73
nominal; Lake Copper, strong and higher, with
113 25 bid and $13 50 asked; tin, strong and
higher, with $19 65 bid and $20 asked; lead,
firm, with $3 90 bid and $3 95 asked; spelter,
quiet, at $5 15 nominal.
Lead was quoted at $3 70 and copper $12 75
| by the, firm fixing the settling price for the
; leading miners atid smelters at the West.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, s@'lO points
net lower. Sales, 19,250 bags, including: Janu
ary, $5 40: February, $5 50; March, $5 60155 63:
May, $5 7055 75; July, $5 SO; September, $5 9'i@
5 95; November, $6 05. Spot coffee— Rio, barely
steady; No. 7 invoice, 6%c: No. 7 Jobbing,
7%c; mild, barely steady; Cordova, 7%@15c.
SUGAR — Raw, irregular; fair refining,
; 3 13-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 6-16 c; molasses
sugar, 3 9-16 c; refined unsettled.
BUTTER— Receipts, 11.572, firm; Western
I creoir.ery, 15@21c; Elglns, 21c; factory, 12@
! 14% c.
EGGS— Receipts, 5700 packages, strong; West
ern, ,29c; Southern, 24@26c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NI?W YORK. Jan. 3.— California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 7H(3>
8c: prime wire trays, 8%o; choice. 9@9*4c;
fancy, 10c.
PRUNES— 3%@IO%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll@14c: Moorpark, 13@17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 9@11%c; peeled. 21@23c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 3.— Wheat at the opening
and for a few moments following showed com
parative firmness, though not so much as had
been expected from the strong curb markets
prevailing since Friday. Opening unchanged
at 71%@71%c, a very moderate buying demAnd,
most of which came from the outside, sufficed
to advance the price to 72% c. That was the
turning point. Liverpool was only *4d higher.
Paris was reported 55 centimes lower. Argen
tine crop reports were favorable, although the
advices were to the effect the harvest would be
late. There was nothing oppressively bearish
In the news, but shortly after the opening it
became evident that most of the heavy bull
traders were convinced that a reaction was
due and that the ruling prices Justified profit
j taking. There was also the selling of wheat
I by the class of speculators who invariably put
i out short lines utter January 1. Bull news
I was plentiful later in the session, but in the
meantime the selling movement had- become
general, professional short sellers adding not
a little to the weakness the market developed
by pounding it vigorously. Before noon a very
; material decline had taken place. May reached
70% c shortly after noon. The weakness that J
j developed In corn was given a good deal of ]
attention by wheat traders, and affected prices ;
more or less. Expectations in regard to the
visible decrease were realized, the figures
showing a decrease of 1,890,000 bushels. This
steadied the market. Near the close May
rallied to 70%(570 ; >4c and closed at that price.
Corn was active and weak. Cables were i
weak and lower and receipts were large. The i
feature was the closing out of a large line
' of long corn, showing good profits, and caused
! a sharp break in prices. May closed at %@lc
| lower.
The market for oats reflected corn In every
; particular. There was heavy liquidation and
the market was weak from the start. May
lost %<2\c.
Provisions late In the day showed a good
deal of firmness. The market finally broke
in sympathy with wheat and corn, but toward
the close support again developed and part of
i the decline was recovered. At the close May !
pork was about 10c lower, lard 5c lower and
ribs 7%c lower.
• The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
1 Wheat No. 2—
January 67% £7% 67' i
May 71T4 72% 70% 70%
j July 70 70% 68% 68\
; Corn No. —
January 36% 36% 35% 85% !
May 3SU 3SU 37 37Vi
July 35% 38% 37>4 37%
Oats No. 2—
May 28% 2S>4 27% 27% !
July 26% 26% 23% 25%
Mess Pork, per barrel—
January 10 35 103:, 10 15 10 15
May 10 60 10 72% 10 46 10 47% '
Lard, per 100 pounds-
January 5 70 5 70 6 60 6 60
May 590 595 5 52% 680
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
January 5 00 5 00 4 85 4 87%
May 525 525 6 12% 615
Cash quotations were as ."ollows:
Flour, firm: No. 3 spring Wheat. 65@6Sc; No.
2 red. 71% c; No. 2 Corn. 36®36Uc; No. 2 Oats,
-TV: No. 2 white, 29>4©30%c; No. 3 white,
. 29% c; No. 2 Rye, 54 >■.<■; No. 2 Barley, f o.
b.. 3S@4Sc; No. 1 Flaxseed. $1 13: Prime Tim
othy Seed, $2 30; Mess Pork, per barrel. $10 16fl
10 20; Lard, per 100 pounds, $.' 6605 65; Short
Rib Sides, loose, $4 Sofjs: Dry Salted Shoulders, i
boxed. 4Vi<f?4%c; Short Clear Sides, boxed. $5 13
©5 25; Whisky, distillers 1 finished goods, per
gallon, $1 27; Sugar, cut loaf, 5.70 c; granu
lated, 5.20 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 000 44,000
Wheat, bushels 132.000 22.00);
Corn, bushels 434,000 210,000
Oats, bushels 239.00') 317.
Rye. bushels 33.000 15.000
Barley, bushels 4,000 7,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, U<£f2o%c; dair
ies, 12%@17c. Cheese, quiet; 9%@11c. Eggs,
firm; fresh, 23<§ 26c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Ehlnments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels. ;
Minneapolis 714,630 63,990
Duluth 121.735 32.10S
Milwaukee 116.900 29,730 1
Chicago 132,000 81.935
Toledo 33.230 11.000
St. Louis 78,000 30.00-)
Detroit 7.023 13.580
Kansas City 126,000 49.000
Totals 1,329,523 251.663 '
Tidewater —
Boston 162. 175.306
New York 874.625 607,816
Philadelphia ....? 17.351 1,880
Baltimore 73.890 199,180
New Orleans
Galveston
Totals • • •
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 5 11% 6 9% !
Closing 5 11% 5 9%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Dec. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 44 85 45 90
Closing 45 20 45 DO
Wheat-
Opening 20 70 21 50 '
Closing 20 85 2160
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. Jan. The statement of the !
visible supply of grain In store and afloat for j
the week ending Saturday, December 31, as ',
compiled by the New York Produce Exchange, i
is as follows".
Bushels. Increase. Decrease.
Wheat 26.983,000 1,890,000;
dm 19,126,000 420,000
Oats 5,829,000 118,000
Rye 3,296,000 182,000
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Jan. 3.— CATTLE— CattIe were 10c
lower than yesterday. Good to fancy cattle.
$565 95; common, $3 So®4 95; feeding cattle. $3 20
@4 50; chcice heifers, $4 15@4 75; bulls, $2 50®
4 16; cows. $1 75® 4 15: calves, $35?3 85.
HOGS — Hogs were about s@loc decline. Heavy
hogs, $3 5008 82%: medium. " $3 50@3 77%; light,
$3 .=>n«i3 72%: pigs, $2 90ig-3 50; culls. $l<f?3.
SHEEP — Sheep and lambs were unchanged to
slightly higher Poorest sheep, $2 50<§3; choice
to extra, Wilt to; Westerns, $3@4 20; yearlings, j
$4(54 66; lambs, common to prime, $4@5 35; I
Western lambs, $4 5006 35.
Receipts— 1000; hogs, 3000; sheep, 13,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 3.— CATTLE— Receipts.
6000; market steady. Native steers, $4(g>s 35;
cows and heifers, $2@4 65; stockers and feed
ers, $3 4004 35; bulls, $2 5003 85.
HOGS— Receipts, 19,000; market weak to 5c
lower. Bulk of sales, $3 45®3 66; ' heavies, $3 55
@3 70; packers, $3 50@3 67%; mixed, $3 4503 70
--lights. $3 6501 66; pigs, $:<@3 30. ~r . '
SHEEP — Receipts, 2000; market strong.
Lambs, $4<gs; muttons, $2 60@4.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Jan. 3.— CATTLE— Receipts, 14 000
--market active to steady. Native beef steers,
$4 L'"''i."> 40: Western steers, $3 SO® 4 40; cows and
heifers, $3@4; canners, $2@3; stockers and feed
ers, $3 30i&4 40; calves, $4@7; bulls and stags
■I it. (I 3 80.
HOfJS— Receipts. 7000; opened strong; closed
weaker. Heavy, $3 55@3 60; mixed. $3 55@3 fi-%
lights, $3 &5<&3 60; pigs, $3©3 45; bulk of sales!
$3 r.:.-,,3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1200: market steady Na
tive muttr.ns, $3 60@4 25; Western muttons
$3 40@4; stock sheep, $2 50@3 60; lambs, $4@5. '
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 3.-Exchanges. $563.
--659; balance*, $80,170. '
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 3.— Quotations of 60
cents were obtainable for Walla Walla wheat
to-day with the usual reports of 61c being
paid In the Interior.
Sixty-two cents Is about the best price ob
tainable for valley, with blue stem about the
same figure.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 3.-Wheat-Club, 59c;
blue stem. 62®62%c. • • ■ . . ■ .
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85%
Sterling Cables — 4 86%
New York Exchange, sight.: — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59
Mexican Dollars — 47%
WHEAT AND. OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are still quiet and
more or less nominal at 255, usual options. The
chartered wheat fleet in port has a registered
tonnage of 14,477, against 44,657 tons on the
same date last year; disengaged, 24,000 tons,
against 15,630; on the way to this port, 136,700
tons, against 155,350. The copious rains tend
to Increase the demand for future business.
WHEAT— Exports from this port In December
were 270,508 ctls, valued at $320,563, making
total exports for the first six months of the
crop year of 985.671 ctls, valued at $1,243,463.
Futures declined 2'.4C, and the spot market
was also lower and dull. --•>' • -■ '
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 15<3'1 16Vi; milling,
$1 20@l 22%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 19%; 4000, $1 19%; 10.000. $1 19%.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls. $1 19%; 24,000,
$1 19%.
Regular Morning Session— 2ooo ctls, $1 18%;
2000, $1 18%; 6000, $1 19; 6000, $1 19%.
Afternoon Session— May— l2,ooo ctls. $1 18%;
12.000, $1 19" ; 10,000. H 19.
BARLEY— rain led buyers to reduce their
bids, but sellers were net disposed to yield and
a dull market was the result. Futures were
considerably lower.
Feed, $1 27%@1 30; Brewing, $1 35@1 45 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— s:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second St-ssion^rSeller '99, new— 6ooo ctls,
94% c; 4380, W<&r
Regular Morning Session— ctls, 94% c.
Afternoon/Session— Seller '99, new — ctls,
93',c. 1 /
OATS — arrivals from the north did not
affect the market, which remained firm.
Fancy Feed, $1 30i@l 32% per ctl ; good to
choice, $1 25@1 27%; common. $1 20@l 22%; Sur
prise, $135@142%; Gray, $1 25(7? 1 30: Milling,
$1 27%@1 32% per ctl; Red, $1 45@1 60; Black,
$1 60((Tl 75.
CORN — The market continues steady but
quiet.
Small round yellow, $1 20; Eastern large yel
low, $1 12%@1 15; white, $1 12%^! 15; mixed.
$1 07%@l 10 per ctl; California white, $1 12%@
1 15.
RYE— Is dull and lower. California, $115®
1 20; Eastern, $1 15 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15©4 25; bakers'
extras, $8 90@4 per bbl.
MXLLSTUFFB— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds;. Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4i§4 25: Cracked Wheat, S3 75; Farina, j
; $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats
| (barrels), $5 85<Ji6 25; in sacks, $5 66@6 05; Pearl
; Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Greeh Peas, $4 50 i
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran and Middlings are in good demand and <
I firm, and the former are higher again.
| The rain produced no effect on Hay, which
remained steady.
BRA:4— slß@l9 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 9 50©22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26 50*327 60 I
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, ?Sl@3l 50;
Jobbing, $32©32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24®25; Cot
tonseed Meal. $25(&30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50® i
24 £0; Cracked Corn, $24@25.
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat, $17<3!18 50 for
good to choice and $15@16 50 for lower grades;
no fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat, $15@17;
Oat, $14^16; Island Barley, $13^14; Alfalfa, $12 I
(a l3 50; Stock, none; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Utah, etc.)— !
Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $13 50@15; Cheat.
$12@12 75; Alfalfa, ; Oat, $13 50@15; Clover,
$11012; Timothy, $11 50@13 50 per ton.
STRAW— 3S'(?7:.c per hale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
[ Dullness still characterizes this market and
I prices show no change.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 Ss@2; Small Whites, $2 15
| @2 20; Large Whites, $1 80©l 95; Pinks, $1 95©
! 2 05; Reds. $3 15@3 25; Blackeye, $3 76@4; But- 1
! ters, $2®2 50; Llmas, $3 25@3 35; Pea, $2 25@2 40; ;
I Red Kidneys, $2 4002 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 5004 75 per ctl:
yellow Mustard. $» 25; Flax, $252 23; Canary
Seed 2U r s2»«c per n>; Alfalfa. s%tf?6*ic; Rape,
2Vi®2\c; Hemp, 2%©3 c; Timothy, I §>6ttc.
DRIED PEAS— Nilee, $1 50^1 75; Green, $1 75
@1 85 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are firm and more active and Ore
gons are higher. Onions are also firm. Vege- i
tables are dull.
POTATOES— 6SiSBOc per ctl for Early Rose; I
60(g70c per sack for River Burbanks; Salinas i
! Burbanks, U«*l 16: Oregon ----■> 12%; Sweet
' Potatoes, $1 tir.'fil 75 for Merced; New Potatoes,
2Q2%c per Ib.
! ONlONS— 6oiff7sc per ctl; Oregons, $I@l 10.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, SSj^c; String j
Beans. 7®Bc; Cabbac 40@50c; Tomatoes, 76cfJ
$1 25 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, 10c per It>; |
! Garlic, 6©Be per 11. Cried Okra, 15c per H>; i
Green Peppers, 4«rtsc per th; Dried Peppers, |
lO&iSc; Marrowfat Squash, $S@lo per ton; Car
rots, 25<&30c per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern came In Monday. An
other came In yesterday, selling at 15c for'
Turkeys, $5 for Ducks and Fryers, $2 for
Geese, $5©5 50 for Hens, $6®6 50 for ; young
Roosters. $4 60 for old Roosters and Broilers.
Arrivals of local Poultry were insignificant.
Game was also in limited receipt and quo
tations showed considerable change.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15(0 lCc; live
Turkeys. 12%® 13c for Gobblers and U^@l3c
tor Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Ducks,
$4 50i§6: Hens, $3 60<&>4 &0; young Koosters, $4&)
6; old Roosters, $3 50®4; Fryers, 1404 &0; Broil- j
ers, $4 for large, $3([{3 DO tor small; Pigeons,
j $I@l 25 per dozen for old and $1 50(&2 lor
Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $101 23; Mallard, $3 50@4; Can-
I vasback, $:i'i)7; Sprig, $2 50@S; Teal, $1 25$
160; Widgeon, $1 25@1 50; Small Duck, 75cr«>
$1 25; English Snipe, $2 50; Jack Snipe, $10] 25;
Gray Geese, $2 60@3; White Geese, S 1 -i i 25;
Brant, $1 50@l 75; Honkers, $3ig4; Hare,' 75c<g>
$1; Uabblts, $1 60 for Cottontails and $1 for
small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Receipts of Eggs are increasing. Los Angeles
and San Diego are shipping them in and Port
land is also sending In some Eastern. Prices
i are unchanged. 7
Butter and Cheese are easy at last week's
prices.
BUTTER -
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 27@2Sc; sec
onds, 26@26c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 22@24c; common
grades, ISQ2IC.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17@18c; pickled roll.
17©18 c for dairy and 193 for creamery
squares; creamery tub, 22®22%c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16%c per
It); Elgin. 22(522%c.
CHEESE— mild new, I2c; old, 10
@llc; Cream Cheddar, 12@12%c; Young Amer
ica, 12@13c; Eastern, 10(8 12c. ,'._ ■;-.■ ■
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 34@36c per dozen: sec
onds. 30@33c: store Eggs. 25@30c; Eastern, 22%
@26c for ordinary and 23@30c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes continue dull
and weak with heavy supplies, and the cold
weather is against their sale. Arrival of 240
cases Mexican Limes.
Apples are in good supply and unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 869600 for common, 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 23@1 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, $1 25<?il 75; Apples, in barrels, $5@9.
Pears— soc@sl 25 per box.
Persimmons — per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $I@2 50 per
box; Seedlings. 75c4$$l 50 ; ; Mandarins, $101 25;
Lemons, 75c@$l 50 for common and $2@3 for
good. to choice; Mexican Limes. $3 5004; Cali
fornia Limes. 25<g6Oc per small box; Grape
Fruit. $1 SOS'S 60; Bananas, $1 50@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3{J5 per dozen.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Jan. 3.— The wool market here con
tinues stftdy and a fairly good business Is In
progress. The stock of wool held In this mar
ket by df-tlers shows a slight increase over a
year ago fr.r domestic wools, but a slight fall-
Ing off in fc reign wool. The demand for Aus
tralian wkils ir very sharp and dealers are un
able to meet the demand. Territory wools show
firm on the scoured basis of 42'g > 44c for fine
medium of good staple. Fleece wools, quiet,
with prices firm.
Territory wools — Montana, fine, medium and
finr-. Uglfc; scoured, 43c; staple, 47<i?48c.
Utah, Wyoming, etc. — Fine medium and fine,
UOlSc; scoured, 43c; staple, 47(fj48c.
Australian, scoured basis, combings — Super
fine, 70£'72c; good, 6Sc; do average, KMQGJc.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jan. 3.— Consols, HI 1-16; pilver,
27>4d, French rentes, 101 f S2%c; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
put-sage, quiet for white, easy for red; cargoes
No 1 standard California, 30s; English country
markets, firm; import into United Kingdom
wheat, 30S.OO0; import Into United Kingdom,
Tour, SOfi.000; wheat and flour on passage to
United Kingdom, 2,260,000: wheat and flour on
passage to Continent, 1,109,000; Indian ship
ments wheat to United Kingdom, 48,000; Indian
shipments wheat to Continent. 5000.
LIVERPOOL,, Jan. 3.— Wheat, steady; wheat
In Paris, steady; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet and steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 3-32 d.
T'KFAT- Spot, steady; futures closed quiet;
March, Bs ll%d; May, 5s 9Hd.
CORN— Rpot, quiet; American, 3s lid: fu
tures, steady; January, old, 3s llVid; March,
3s 10&&; May, 3s 10% d.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
The situation in the East Is set forth In the
first column.. The local market is dull and
featureless.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6U,0 for 40-50' 4%@
Be for 50-60's, 3%®3%c for 60-70's, 2-y 4 <iT3c for
70-80' 2Vif&2»<.e for SO-90's, 2c for 90-100' s and
lV.[!-\c for 100-110' s; . Silver Prunes, 2%@5c;
Peaches, 6@7%C for good to choice, 7 V for
fancy and 10@12%c for peeled; Apricots, 10@12c
for Royals and 12%@13',jc for Moorpark; Evap
orated Apples, 7%@7%c; sun dried, 4@4%c;
Black Figs, sacks, 2@2i£c; Plums, 4%@6c for
pitted and Kgl^c for unpltted; Nectarines, 6@
7c for prime to fancy; Pears, GigSc for quarters
and 8(&9c for halves.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, s>£gr<H6c for Seed
less Sultanas. 4%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@3c
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8©12% c pet Ib; Walnuts.
798 c for hardshell, S@iOc for softshell; Al
monds, 7@Sc for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell,
15@16c for paper-shell; Peanut's, 6@7c for East
ern and 4^@sc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50
(35.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and S{r9c
for lower grades; water white extracted. 6> 2
ie; light amber extracted, 6c; dark s@s'*>c
per Ib. -wra
BEESWAX— per rt>.
PROVISIONS.
Another fractional advance In Lard Is noted.
Otherwise there is nothing new.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7^c per Ib for
heavy. Sc for light medium, 10c for light, 10^c
for extra light and 12@12^c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams,lo@lo%c; California
Hams, 9»/2@9%c: Mess Beef, $10 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef. $11; Family Beef, $12 50; extra
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear. $18; mess. $15 BO'S
16: Smoked Beef, lH»<<?l2c per IT).
LARD— Tierces quoted at s'-.?f6c per It) for
compound and 7%@Bc for pure; half barrels
pure, S>4c; 10-!t> tins. B%c; 5-It> tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6'^6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs, l-tt> palls, 1 60 in a casa, 9U,c
3-Ib pails. 20 in a case, g«c; 5-tb palls, 12 In a
case, BV£e; 10- pails, 6in a case, B%c; 60-n>
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net. 7%c; half
barrels, about 210 rbs, 7»ic.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
A review of the Hop market for the past year
appears in the first column.
Wool opens the new year quietly at un
changed quotations.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, B'/4c; light, Sc; Cowhides,
8c: Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 8c; Calf, 8c; dry
Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands, 12c; dry
Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins,
shearlings. 15@25c each; short wool. 30®400
each; medium, 60980 c; long wool, 90e@$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 789? for large and
75c for small; Colts. 50c; Horse Hides, dry $1 50
for large and 60c@$l for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3V4®3^c per tb-
No, 2. 2%c; refined, t%@sc; Grease 2c.
WOOL— clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months', 7«9e; San Joaquln and Southern 7
months'. B®9c; Foothill and Northern free ' 12
@14c: Foothill and Northern, defective 9@ilc:
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 14@i5c; Nevada" 9<?i
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10@l2c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9f7:il
Northern Mountain .....II"! 7<<i s
Southern .■.".■..■" fif?i 7U,
Plains ;;;;■• 5-?? c
HOPS— IB9B crwp.*l2%@Uc per ft for ordinary
14^@15»4c for good and 16@18c for choice to
fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%@5c; Wool Bags, 26928 c; San
Quentln Bags, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 SO; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $:,: Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $S; Cumberland, $8 50<§9 in bulk and $10
«ilo 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk
and $14 in sacks.
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 9V 4 c; Sisal, B%c; Duplex,
7%c basis.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $1359160 for
black and $1 50(571 80 for white; Peaches, $1 to®
1 75; Pears, $1 (591 50; Apricots, $1 8691 60;
Plums, 95c(g$l 15.
CANNED VEGETABLES — Peas, 85c@$l 25;
Asparagus, $1 f o@l 7.".; Tomatoes, &s<fj9oc.
COFFEE — Costa Rica— l4&lsC nominal for
prime washed; 13@13Vic nominal for good
washed; L3@l6c for good to prime washed pea
berry; IIHSI2V2C for good a berry; ll 1 -*! 'ji"..c
for good to prime; ini L .'<, IK- nominal for good
current mixed with black beans; 9911 c for fair;
S'.i'SSc for common to ordinary. Salvador —
<§130 nominal for good to prime washed; 9@lo' .i
for fair washed; 1 ■••_■ ' 11V for good to prime
washed peaberry; 8)498%c for superior un
washed; Be for green unwashed; 9H910c for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. Nicaragua
— B®B?4c nominal for good to superior un
washed; 9%@10c nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican —
I'^l" 1 :!' for prime to fancy washed new crop:
HV4@l3%c for good to strictly good washed;
9-SJllc for fair washed; 7y.5'...c for medium; 5@
f.^c for Inferior to ordinary; Il%(<fl2c for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9'4@l6c for good
unwashed peaberry; sfis%c for good to su
perior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 4c; cases, se
lected, 4 ; «c; imitation Eastern, r.Vic; boneless,
5M:c; etrlps, s%<?m4c; blocks, sV4fi7c; tablets,
7%c; middles, 6V4®BV4c per Ib; desiccated, 87> 2 c
per dozen; pickled cod, barrels, each, $!>;
pickled cod. half-barrels, each, $4 50.
LEATHER— SoIe Leather, heavy. 25028 c per
Ib; Sole Leather, medium, 24@25c; Sole Leather,
light. 23® 25c; rough Leather, heavy, 24#25c;
rough Leather, light. 23(f?24c; Harness Leather
heavy, 30@36c; Harness Leather, medium, 27@
80c; Harness Leather, light, 26@28c; Collar
Leather, 14@16c per foot; Kip. finished. 40«f45c
per It); Veal, finished, Bo©sßcj Calf, finished 73c
(Tisl; Sides, finished, 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife
splits. 14@16c per tb; Rough Splits, B®loc.
OlL— California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1, 95c;
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates):
Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled, 54c: raw. 52c;
cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained'
barrels. 56c; No. l. 40c; cases, 5c more; China
Nut. 4.--ii :.;•.- per gallon: Pure Neatsfoot Oil
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c; No. 1. barrels, 65c;
cases. 60c: Sperm, crude. Goc:/ natural white
40c; bleached white, 46c; Whale Oil. natural
white. 10c; bleached white, 45c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white and house colors. Jl 25<ij) i
13.". per gallon; wagon color?, $2@2 25 per
gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk. 12V4c per
gallon: Pearl Oil. In cases. 17-..-; Astral Oil,
17V; star Oil. IT'-...: Extra Star Oil 21140'
Elaine Oil. 22<^c; Eocene Oil, 19/.c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, In bulk, 13% c; In cases i9 C -
Benzine, in bulk. 12Hc: cases, I7i-c- 86-degree
Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; In cases 25c
CANDLES Electric Light Candles, 63, 16 oz.
• He; te, II 07. fi%c; 6s. 12 oz, 6c; (is. 10 oz
5V«c. Granite Clllning) Candles— 6s 16 oz 9Ue
6s, 14 07.. «',■■. 6a, 12 07.. 7<4c; 6s. 10 oz' 6»4c :
Parafflne Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s, 6s, 12s, white'
SVfcc; colored. 9 1 ,*c. '
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at G(S"c per tt>
TURPENTINE-In cases, 64c; In iron barrels
u3c; in wooden barrels. 61c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 49c; raw. barrels.
47c: cases. 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— per flask for local use
and $37(f^37 50 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered. r,\r- Candy
Granulated, "... : Dry Granulated. s^ic- Con
fectioners' A, s^o; California A. 5Hc: Magnolia
A. 5%c; Extra C, 6»ic: Golden C, 5%c; half
barrels. ViC more than barrels, and boxes ■He
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or its equivalent.
LUMBER.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $15 60918; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood, $17 for No. 1 and $14@15 for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet, $2 2091 30; Pickets, $14; Shingles,
$1 35 for common and $2 25 for fancy: Shakes.
for split and $10 50 for sawn; Rustic. $15
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef and Pork are a fraction higher and firm.
The other descriptions are unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%(!5>7c; second quality
6<&6»ic: third quality. 4H96Hc.
VEAL— Large, 6%@7%c; small, 6%@So per It>
MUTTON— 7@7%c; Ewes, 7c.
LAMB— TV4©Bc per ft.
PORK— Hogs, 404^0 or large, 4^iS4%c
for medium, and 3U!f?4c for small; stock Hogs,
3@3Vic; dressed Hogs, 6@7c for prime.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday. Jan. 3.
Flour, qr sks 13,625 Pelts, bdls 218
Barley, ctls 1,090 Hides, no 3,896
Tallow, ctls 218 Eggs, doz 7,380
Butter, ct15....... 180 Leather, rolls 35
Cheese, ctls 20 Hay, tons 220
Beans, sks 61 Straw, tons 25
Potatoes, sks 2.116: Lime, bbls 18]
Onions, sks 170 Wool, bales 41
Bran, sks 55 Brandy, gals 31,400
Middlings, sks.... 70 Wine, gals 50,200
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks I,62o'Oats, ctla 450
NEVADA.
Hay/ tons 50; >
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr 5k5..... 2,780 Barley, -ct15. ...... 1,470
Oats, ctls.... 12.700 Bran, sks 1,887
Wheat, ctls 5,780 Onions, sks 251
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks -wore steady and not materially
changed. Savage levied an assessment of 10c.
The Overman delinquent sale takes place to
day.
Local securities were quiet, with better quo
tations for Hawaiian Commercial.
The Alaska Packers' Association has de
clared a regular monthly dividend of 75 cents
per share, payable January 12.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany paid its usual monthly dividend of 50
cents per share yesterd&y.
The Oceanic Steamship Company paid Its
regular monthly dividend of 50 cents per share
yesterday.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company will
pay the regular monthly dividend of 60 cents
per share on January 10.
The San Jose Water Company will pay it*
usual monthly dividend of 50 cents per share
on January 10.
The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar pro
poses to increase its capital stock from $500,000.
divided Into 5000 shares or me par value of
$100 each, to $1,000,000, divided into 10,000 shares
of the par value of $100 each, and a special
meeting of the stockholders has been called
for March 13, to vote upon the proposition.
The official report from the Con. Cal. and
Virginia mine is as follows: "The Comatock
Pumping Association has been engaged in the
following work at the C. and C. shaft the past
week: Stripping the pump compartment if eld
air and small hydraulic pipe. This work is
nearly completed. The pump bob on the 1750
level Is being taken out and the station re
paired. The pump hoist is being put in eon*
dition for heavy work. One of our compres-
BOra is being prepared for work and all steam
pipes in use are being covered. The temporary
bulkheads put on the 1650 and 1750 levels are
found to be effective. They are carefully
watched and require but slight repairs, and no
gus can now be detected at the mouth of the
Ophir shaft."
In the Sierra Nevada mine the northwest
drift from the station at the 140-foot level of
the shaft was advanced 46 feet, making a total
of 581 feet; face In porphyry and clay. 900
level. The north drift started from the top of the
raise, 80 feet above this level, was advanced
11 feet; total length So feet; face in porphyry
and clay.
No work was done In the Chollar and Po
tosi mines during the past week.
The official report of the operations In the
Occidental Consolidated mine on the Bruns
wick lode during the past week is as follows:
Work of stoping ore on the 450 level is pro
gressing. During the past week 170 tons were
shipped to the mill, the battery assay of
which showed an average value of $8 03 per ton.
The work of undercutting the ore body on the
500 foot level has been continued. The ore
chute at this point Is S feet in width.
Sales of mining shares on the regular calls i
of the San Francisco board in December were |
173.590 shares, against 159,365 in December, 1887,
and for .-.c year IS9B, 1,801,330 shares, against
3,102,350 In 1837.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE?
TUESDAY. Jan. 3.
_ Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Bonds— Cent L & P... 164 IS
4s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. W- B 13
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. 62 52%
4s quar new... _ — p a c Gas Imp. 86V4 87
3s quar coup. .10714 — Pac LCo 47 49
Miscellaneous— S F G & E... — 86%
Cal-st Cab 05.,112 — San Fran 3% —
Cal El 6s 125)4127% Stockton Gas. 11 15
C C Wot 55.. .103 lu3 1 Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — 98%|Firem's Fund. 2ll —
E L & p c 5..131 — ! Bank Stocks-
F& Cl Ry 65. 114 — Anglo-Cal .... 64% —
Geary-st R 6s. — 102 Bank of Ca1... 256 —
He & s 5%g. _ 10 5 cal SD & T..100%100
! LA L Co <*.. 99 — 'First Nat10n1.224 230
I Do gntd 65.. 97 101 I Lon P& A. ...133 —
! Market-st 65. .126 — ,Mer Exchange— 16
Dp Ist M 65.116%116% Nev Nat 8....176 —
iS'r NG R 75107 — Savings Banks—
INRy Ca U8..113H— |Ger S & L..1625 —
N Ry Cal 55.. 109 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPCRR6s.IO6 — .Mutual Say. — 45
NPC R R ss. 100 100% iS F Say U.. 485 —
N Cnl R R Ds. 88%106 S& L 50.... — 100
I Oak Gas 55... .110';, — Security S B 300 350
! Om ißy 6s 128 — Union T Co. 1060 —
, P& < 1 Ry 6s. 104 — Street Railroads—
i£** ,9 »>s 109 - California ....110 —
Powell-st 65.. .120 122' i Geary 45 —
Bac El Ry Ss.. — — Market-st .... 59 59%
SF & N p 5b.i09 103% Oak SL& H. - -
MerraßCal 6s.lo4%lor,%,presidto 9% —
8 P of Ar 65.. 109*4110 "| Powder—
S P C65(1»06-8)113 113*; California ....151% —
BPC 6s (1912)120*; 12P4 E Dynamite... S3 95
SPCIs eg ss. — I'm; Gtant Con Co. 60 60W.
S PBr 6s 123 125 Vlgorit 3% 3*4
S V Water 85.U9%119% Miscellaneous—
S \ Water 45. 102% — Al Pac A55n..105%10«
S\ W45(3dm).101% — Ger Ld Wk5..160 —
Stktn Gas 65.. 102% — Hana PI C 0... 17V. 17%
Water Stocks— H C ft S Co.. 58% 59
Contra Costa.. 64% 65% Hutch S P Co. 33 —
; Marti] Co 60 — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Spring Valley. l.OlT4 — Oceanic S Co.. 62% 62%
Gas fc Electric— p a c A F A... 1% 1%
Capital Gas... — — Pac C Hor Co. loo —
Cent Gaslight. los — p ar Paint Co.. 7 —
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Cal Safe Deposit 100 50
66 I'ontra Costa Water 65 00
10 First National Bank 225 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 68 75
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 58 5714
125 Hutchinson S P Co 32 50
80 Mutual Electric Light 12 62%
10 Oakland Gas, cash 52 50'
100 Oakland Gas 52 60
f>o Oceanic S S Co 62 37%
$1000 S V Water 4 per cent bonds 102 75
400 Vigorit Powder 3 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Alaska Packers' Association 105 50
326 Contra Costa Water 65 50
B Contra Costa Water 65 25
: ant Powder Con 60 00
60 Giant Powder Con 60 25
76 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 68 75
70 Hutchinson 8 P Co 32 50
30 Hutchinson S P Co 32 62%
10>l Hutchinson S P Co 32 75
60 Hutchinson S P Co 33 00
V" Mutual Electric Light 12 75
$10,000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds. 109 25
25 I teeanlc S S Co 62 37%
] oeanic S S Co 62 50
46 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 00
$2000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge) 101 50
$2'W S P of C 6 per cent bonds (1912) 121 00
$5000 8 F & N P Ry bonds 109 00
Street—
100 rontra Costa Water 65 00
100 Mutual Electric Light 12 62%
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Mutual E 12 50
100 Mutual E 13 00
Afternoon Session.
Street—
5 S F Gas & E 86 50
100 Mutual E 12 £0
100 Equitable Gaslight 15 25
100 Equitable Gaslight 15 37%
130 Hutchinson 32 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
300 Alpha Con 03 :100 .Ophlr 60
elcher 20J700 Overman 07
4<"hi I?p?t ft Belcher. 45! 100 Potosi 17
:lllon 04i liM) Sierra Nevada. .l 05
300 Con Cal & Va...l 4: 600 Union Con 36
800 Gould & curry.. 3*> 300 Utah 10
M Hale ft Norcrs.. 12 200 Yellow Jacket.. 27
350 Mexican 3." 100 Yellow Jacket.. 26
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 20 1000 Hale & Norcrs. 11
600 Belcher 19 Too Mexican 33
200 Best & Belcher. 42 300 Ophlr 58
l." Best & Belcher. 43 300 Potosi 15
200 Chollar 16 .000 Savage 11
500 Con Cal & Va...l 35 1400 Union Con 34
•wn Point 17! 500 Yellow Jacket.. 26
SOO Gould & Curry.. 29 1 100 Yellow Jacket.. 25
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Mornin- Session.
1000 Andes 07 400 Gould & Curry.. 27
800 Andes 06 400 Hale & Norcrs 11
1400 Best ft Belcher 41 61,0 Mexican ... 32
800 Bullion 03.700 Ophir 58
400 Chollar 16:500 Potosi 15
1700 1 ""ii <';il & Va..l 35 i 600 Savage 11
200 Con Cal & Va.l 32. 800 Sierra Nevada 97
1200 Con Cal & Va..l 30 200 Sierra Nevada.. 95
500 Gould & Curry.. 28 700 Union Con 33
Afternoon Session.
1000 Alpha Con 05 700 Mexican 35
200 Andes 06 200 Mexican 3t
200 Andes 07'50fl Mexican ... 33
6CO Best & Belcher. 42 1200 Ophlr 61
800 Best & Belcher. 43 600 Ophlr 60
200 Best & Belcher. 41J700 Ophir "' 68 i
600 Bullion 04 600 Savage ..
300 Con Cal & Va.J 42% 1200 Sierra Nevadai'o2Vi
200 Con Cal & Va.l 45 1260 Sierra Nevadal 00
400 Con Cal & Va.l 40 '160 Sierra Nevada 99
150 Con Cal & Va.l 374 1100 Union Con... '.'. 36
600 Exchequer 02 200 Union C0n.... 3",
300 Gould & Curry.. 31 POO Union Con.. 3-,
300 Gould & Curry.. 30 1000 Utah . 09
1500 Hale & Norcrs. 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Jan. 8-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Ask. I
Alpha Con 04 05'Julla — 01
AHa — 08 Justice 16 17
Andes 06 07 Kentuck . — 09 J
Belcher 18 19 Lady Wash.... — 061 '.
Henton Con 04 10 Mexican 32 3t I
Best & Belcher 40 41Occldental — — ■
Bullion 03 04 Ophir 66 17
Caledonia 22 23 Overman 06 07 1
Chollar 15 16 Potosi 15 16
Challenge Con. 16 17 Ravage 10 11 1
Confidence 60 65 Scorpion — 04 :
Con Cal & Va..l 30 135 Seg Belcher 03 04
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. N 94 <
Crown Point... 16 — Silver Hill -
Con New York. — 05 Syndicate 05 10
Eureka C0n.... 30 —Standard —2 25 '
Exchequer 01 03 1 Union Con 32 33
Gould & Curry. 27 2S|Utah OS 10
Hale & Norcrs. 11 12 1 Yellow Jacket. 25 26
ASSESSMENTS PENDING
Delinqnt
Company. No. in the Euy of Amt. ,
Board. sale. >
Occidental 31 . .Nov. 28 . Jan. 23 10 .
Overman 81 ..Dec. 11 '.Jan. 4 05
N. Gould & Curry 21 ..Dec. 18 .Jan. 6 10
Union 57 ..Dec. 2? •• Jan. 23 15
Utah 29 ..Jan 7. .Feb. 1 05 |
Julia 29 ..Jan. 2?|-Feb. 9 03 }
Andes 47 ..Jan. W-.Jan. 24[ 05 i
Chollar 4S ..Jan »I..Feb. 161 10
Bav«g« ! 96 |..Feb 3j.. I 10 ,
NOTICE TO MAK/NERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic 1
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange. Is :
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of i ]
mariners, without regard to nationality and ;
free of expense. l
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the j
office, where complete sets of charts and sail- '■
Ing directions of the w>rld are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest i
Information can alway? be obtained regarding j
lights, dangers to navgation and all matters '.
of interest to ocean commerce. ■
The time ball on th<* tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted ' <
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at I
noon, 12i>th meridian by telegraphtc signal re
ceived each day frorfi the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare island. Cal.
A notice stating vhether the ball was dropped
on time or giving tne error, if any, Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
BUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights nf High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the* Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-llvr minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WKI'NKSPAY, JANUARY 4.
Sun rises J : -?
Sun sets «"J,V*" B:0B
Moon rises • 0:0 *- m.
D Timel Time Time Time
> I Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft-.
• H W| L W H W L. W
T~ 4 -34 "71 11:11 1.51 5:041 3.6; 10:21 1.8
6 I.: r,-U 5.5 12:10 l.ol 6:30 3.5 11:09 2.3
6 ... 5:56 5.8 1:')S 0.5| 7:58 3.6
7 ... 0:05 2.71 6:42 6.0 2:04-0.1 9:12 S.8
8 ... 1:05 2.9 7:31 6.3 2:56i— 0.6 10:11 4.1
9 ... 2:05 3.0 8:21 8.5 3:44 —1.0 11:00 *■*
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—1 precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL*
Branch Hydrofp-aphic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants'" Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
January 2. 18i9- _
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m. Greenwich wean time.
W. P. HI-GHES,
Lieutenant. XT. S. X.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Protection (Seattle ■
Grace Dollar.. ..'Grays Harbor i
Ruth 'Coos Bay
Mlneola Tacoma '. •
Aloha Point Aren...a
Santa Rosa San Diego.' ■
Areata (Coos Bay •
Empire Coos Bay
Willamette Nanaimo ;
Crescent City... Crescent City , .
State California Portland ..'
Point Arena — Point Arena
Chilkat [Humboldt
Coos Bay (Newport .
Curacao 'Mexico .'."«".. <
Doric lOhlna & Japan '•
Progreso [Seattle
Weeott Yaqulna Bay
Walla Wa11a.... I Victoria & Puget Sound .
Pomona Humboldt >
Leelanaw Seattle i
Bristol [Departure Bay
Colon (Panama
Corona San Diego ■
North Fork Humboldt
Alliance Portland
Columbia (Portland
Orizaba [Newport
Mariposa Sydney
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
. Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier
Orizaba Newport Jan. 4, 9 am Pier 11 '
Pomona .... Humboldt Jan. 4. 2 pm Pier 9^
Aloha Point Arena.. Jan. 4, 3 pm Pier 3
C. Nelson..! Puget Sound.. Jan. 5, 10 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego [Jan. 6, 11 am Pier 11
Areata Coos Bay Jan. 6. 10 am' Pier 12
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd Jan. 6, 10 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. 7. 3 Pier i
China [China* Japan; Jan. 7. Ipm PMSS
State of Car Portland Jan. 8. 10 am Pier 24 ,
Coos Bay... Newport Jan. 8. 9 am Pier 11'
Acapulco ..'Panama 'Jan. 9, 12 m PMSS
Corona San Diego Jan. 10, 11 am Pier It
Australia ..Honolulu Jan. 11. 10 am Pier ?
Walla Wall Vie & Pjrt Jan. 11, 10 am Pier 9
Chilkat ....'Humboldt 'Jan. 11, 9 am Pier 13
Columbia ..[Portland Jan. 13. 10 am I Pier 24
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, January 3.
Etmr Bonlta. Nlcolson, 75 hours from Coo«
Bay.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld. 6 days from Ta
coma.
Stmr Australia, Houdlett*. 6 day* 20% hour*
from Honolulu.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 16 hours from Fort
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Ship Agenor, Colby, 152 days from New York.
Ship Spartan, Polite, 8 days from Seattle.
Bark Albert, Griffiths, 16 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Newark. Beck, 3 days from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Jennie Stella, Krebs, 10 days from
Redondo; bound for Grays Harbor; put in for
repairs.
Schr Ray Somers, j Siland. 8 days from San
Pedro.
■ Schr Robert Lowers, Goodman. 20 days from
Honolulu.
Schr La Glronde, Hansen, 1 days from Grays
Harbor.
CLEARED. •, ; .
Tuesday. January 3.
Stmr Columbia, Green, Astoria; O R & N Co.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka: Chas Nel
son.
Stmr Orizaba, Oisen, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, Nanalmo: R
Dunsmuir's Sons.
Ship Reaper, Young, Sydney; J I Talk & ;
Co (limited). . . :. r- . • .
Br ship Fannie Kerr, Gibbons, Portland; 3
D Spreckels & Bros Co. '"•SSSiiJBj :'•-'.-"'
SAILED.
Tuesday, January 5.
TJ B Stmr Wheeling, Burwell, Alaska, via i
"Victoria.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz. .'• .
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund. Cleon*.
Stmr Columbia, Green, Astoria.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson, Eureka.
Stmr Centennial, Pierce, Seattle.
Br stmr "Wellington. Salmond, Nanalmo.
Etmr Signal, Rendegaard, Grays Harbor.
Ship America, Harding, Nanalmo.
Br schr Enterprise, Anderson, Baling vojr« •
age. .:"' > '
Schr Winchester, Hughes, codflshln*. .
CHARTERS.
The America loads coal at Departure Bay
for this port.
The Kind David loads wheat at Portland for
Europe; 325.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 3, 10 p Weather
cloudy; wind NW: velocity 16 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Jan 2— Br ship Glenard. previously j
reported aground, floated undamaged and was j
towed to Downs; agreed to pay £750 for assist- j
anCe - SPOKEN.
Deo 10, Ist 9 S, long 34 W— Br ship Kins; •
George, from Antwerp for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan Schr Fortuna, hno
Dec 29 Jan 2— Schr Eva, from Guaymas: schr
Lottie Carson, from San Pedro; schr Mabel
Gray, from Newport.
Sailed .'an 2— Stmr South Coast, for San Fran
| cisco; stmr Samoa, for San Francisco; stmr
I Brunswick, hence Jan 1.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan Ship Occidental,
from Honolulu.
Sailed Dec 30— ship Grenada, for Queens
°NEWPOßT— Sailed Jan 3— Schr Bertha. Dol-
S WTORT— Sailed Jan B— Schr Bertha Dol
beer. from Eureka. ,
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Jan Schr Daunt- ;
less, lor Guaymas: hktn Catherine Sudden, for '
Guaymas: schr Alcalde, for Guaymas; schr
Allen A. for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 2— Schr Webfoot, hence Dec 18.
VENTURA— Jan Stmr G6o Loo
mis, hence Jan 2.
Sailed Jan 3— Stmr Geo Loomls, for San
Francisco. ■■'■'. -£-
ALBlON— Sailed Jan Stmr Aloha, for San
Francisco. >•'-■•*.
MENDOCINO — Sailed Jan B— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan I— Stmr Arcata,
hence Dan SO.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan 3— Ship Tlllle E. Star
buck, for ; stmr State of California, for San
Francisco; schr Gotama, hence Dec SO.
Sailed Jan 3— Stmr Arcata, for San Fran
cisco: stmr Weeott, for Yaquina Bay;- stmr
Alliance, for Portland. . .•....:
PORT LOS ANGELES— Jan 3— Stmr i
"Whitesboro. for, San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Dec 30— stmr Em
press of Janan, for Vancouver.
HONOlPU— Arrived Dec 16— Schr John Q
North, hence Nov 28.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 21— U S stmr Ben
nlngton, from Hi lo; Br stmr Warrlmoo. from
Sydney; stmr Australia, from San Francisco.
Dec 25— Br stmr Miowera, from Victoria. Deo
26— Bktn Skaglt, from Port Ludlow. Deo 27—
Italian warship Etna, hence Dec 16.
Sailed Dec 20— Stmr China, for San Fran
cisco. Dec 21— Br stmr Warrlmoo, for Vic
toria. Dec 22— Ship C F Sargent, for Port
Townsend. Dec 23— Brig W G Irwln, for San
Francisco: bark Fresno, for Port Townsend
Dec 25— Bktn Katie Flickinger, for Port Town
send. Dec 26— Br stmr Mlowera, for Sydney.
' TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 3— Btmr Kaiser Wll
helm der Grosse, for Bremen. ■
Arrived Jan 3— Stmr Auranla, from Liver
pool. .■-■*.■* j
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan .3— Stmr Catalo- | ,
nia, from Boston. :
Returned Jan 3— Stmr Bovlc, hence for New '
York. ■
LlZAßD— Passed Jan 3— Stmr Palatia, . New ■ ,
York for Hamburg.
The reported arrival on December 31 of the
Palatia was an error.
THE WEEKLY CALL; .
$1 per Yeap.CALIFORNIA
TROOPS SAIL
FOR ILOILO
It May Fall to the Boys to
Chastise the Rebellious
Filipinos.
Washington Government Strives
to Keep the Peace While Gen
eral Otis Prepares for War.
MANILA. Jan. 3. — Advices from Iloilo were received to
day by the steamship Bolinoa, which left thereon Sunday. At the
time of the departure of the. Bolinoa the insurgents still held con
■ if the city, and no American troops had been landed.
The First California Regiment embarked
here at 4 o'clock to-day on the steamships
Campania and Maritime, to report to Gener
al Miller at Iloilo. The steamships were
convoyed by the gunboat Concord.
Though it has not been officially announced, it is supposed
the extension of the American occupation will now be system
atically begun in the southern islands. General Rios, the Spanish
rnor of the Yiscayas. arrived here yesterday from Zam
• anga, on the island of. Mindanao, where he took the Spanish
troops when he evacuated Iloilo. He visited General Otis to
lay. Rios denies the imputation of collusion with the insur-
5 3 saving he ga^ c up only when ordered to do so by the Gov
ment at Madrid.
Aguinaldo is evidently organizing his following to oppose
the Americans. V ,-terday he hastily summoned the Filipino
Cabinet and Congi .>ss to assemble.
The British <: mboat Rattler left to-day for Iloilo and Cebu
irotect English interests at those places.
WASHINGTON, Jan.S — General Otis,
commanding at Manila, has cabled the
War Department that, in his opinion,
General Miller has the situation well in
. • hand at Hollo, and that he fully under
stands the purpose of the President not
to crowd the insurgents unduly. It is
4 highly desirable that a hostile Collision
• between the American forces' and- the
insurgents be avoided at all hazards; at ,
ieast pending Che ratification-- of the
•Paris treaty, and as Genera] Miller un- I
■ demands now this purpose on the part f
' of the President, he will be guided by J
It and may be relied upon to resort to j
force only under absolute compulsion.
.The officials here are now fully satis
fied that the trouble at Iloilo may: be ;
traced- directly back to the Spanish
:'-. colonel who was the. senior Spa.nish, I
■unry" officer in' the Philippine- group,
. and. recently in. command of the ■Vis
aya group, including the island, of- Pa-:
.nay and the city and garrison of Iloilo.
Ceneral Otis' reports show that, though
;; besieged with his SO) soldiers in Iloilo
.. by a superior force, the position of the
Spanish was thoroughly tenable. They
.had repulsed every attack of the in
surgents and had inflicted great, loss i
upon the latter, and altogether there ;
was no reason why they should not
have held out Indefinitely. This was .
.: practically the case in view . of the
knowledge of the Spaniards, that,- by i
the terms of the treaty, the United ;
■ States Government has undertaken to
' carry them back to Spain, involving, of :
course, their release from the siege at ,
• the earliest possible moment.
It is significant that Rios delayed the
.evacuation of Iloilo until he became in- •
ftirmed that the Americans were com- :
ing, and there is curiosity here to learn
how that Important information reach
ed illo in advance of the movements
. <>.f the American transports and in the
absence of cable connections.. "Un
doubtedly, it was conveyed by a vessel. ;
and there may be a question raised as
• to the legitimacy of the transmission of
; . news of the intentions, of the American '
. troops in advance <" this fashion. /.'• v
V . One feature of General. Otis' report i
that has escaped mention so far is his
notice of the approaching meeting of
the so-called Filipino • Parliament, '
which i.« to gather presumably at Ma
lays, about twenty miles from Manila.
•on the island of Luzon on Thursday
next. A good deal of Interest Is at
tached to this meeting, as General Otis
reports that, by the attendance, . the
strength of Agulnaldo's party can be
trauged. That this is waning rapidly is
' not doubted, and General Otis feels ,
that when the attempt is made to con- j
vene the Parliament it will be found :
V that Aguinaldo has lost his control of
the majority and cannot command even
a working coalition. .Such a state of
■ affairs would tend to make easier the
•task of the military authorities of the
. T'nitod States of establishing peace
j fully a temporary form of government
for the Philippines that will command :
■ the- support of the people find receive j
the approval of the civilized world.
;•' -General Otis has not yet published j
the proclamation by President McKin
ley,.which was cabled from Washing
ton to him about a weak ago. Feeling
• full of confidence in his Judgment, .the :
' officials here are not disposed' to ques.- i
tlon his withholding the proclamation j
from the Filipinos, though it would
S'-'-m that the main purpose in pre- i
paring and cabling it was to soothe and ;
'. . satisfy the Filipinos and counteract, the !
insidious attacks the Spanish, element :
has been making upon the integrity of
American intentions respecting the
; Philippines.
.Admiral Dewey was heard from by
. eal>le at the Navy Department to-day.
but made no reference to the political
situation In the islands.. He reported
• that he had found a building suitable '
: . for a naval hospital at Cavite and ask
.. Ed authority from the department to
establish it at once. If was not gath
" er.ed' that there is : an unusual amount
•■ of. sickness among the American sail
•■'.- ors, but. realizing that the naval occu-
. l m t ion of Manila Bay is to be of a per- i
' manent character. Admiral Dewey
;) .wishes to establish a shore hospital.
" Secretary Long called ■' upon Surgeon
. General Van Reypen. and after a con
sultation they cabled Admira.l .Dewey
authority to establish the hospital..
Medical Inspector Remus C. Parsonp
was selected to take charge of it and
has bfen ordered to start at once from !
N>w 1 York. The necessary assistants j
• ' will he selected from among the medi
cal officers of Admiral Dewey fleet. •'
. ■ —
NEWS OF MASSACRE
CONFIRMED BY RIOS
MADRID, Jan. 3.— General Rios
cables from Manila confirming the re
port that all the Spaniards at Balabac,
an island of the Philippine group, situ
ated thirty miles «"iith of Palawan,
have been nss;issinated with the ex
ception of the women, whose release is
being asked for.
LONDON. Jan. 3.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says: "In
the rebellion at Balabac, Naval Lieu
! tenant Bellamy was beheaded. The
1 rebels also murdered a doctor and sev
[ eral other Europeans. A punboat fired
on the rebels, but its commander was
j unable to effect the release of the
■ women."
SENATOR PERKINS IS
AGAINST EXPANSION
. BOSTON, Jan. 4.— ln the course of a
speech at the annual banquet of the
Merchants' Association to-night Sena
tor Perkins of California said:
The payment of a money consideration i
divests the Philippine proposition of sen
timent and reduces it to a business trans- ;
action. The islands are over WOO miles
from the nearest State in thu Union. They
are situated in the tropics, with no local !
causes to modify the heat of the torrid ,
zone. The great fall of rain— the average ;
at Manila being C<9 inches, and on some
of the other islands 158 inches per annum :
—makes the humidity of the atmosphere ]
' so dense that the heat at times is almost i
i unbearable to those who are not natives, |
! the mean temperature being M degrees i
' Fahrenheit, the minimum being 59 de
grees. ' %
The purcnhse of the Philippine Islands
! will make them a Territory of the United i
i States, and the ten millions or more tur
bulent and mixed Asiatic peoples will be- |
come the wards if not citizens of this
! nation. While it may be possible to have i
a military government and tax the people i
' of the Philippines without giving them I
'. representation, no one. I think, will deny
i that under our constitution the children
: born In the islands, after the proup be
! comes a territory of the United States,
; will be American citizens.
There can be no colonization of the
inlands by Americans, as there is no pos
sible inducement to immigrate to a coun
try whero chuWa and other intestinal qis
aml smallpox, are epidemic nine
! months in the year.
I It is said by th» War Department that
It will require 50.000 United States troops ■
to maintain order in Cuba after all of tne i
i Spanish troops have been returned to ;
! Spain. We now have 20.500 troops in Ma
i nila, and if we are to set up a military j
i government in all of the Philippine Isi- i
this army must ue very much in
creased in numbers.
The Secretary of the Navy in his an
i nual report says if we are to retain the ;
! Philippine Islands this Congress should !
' order the building of fifteen vessels of i
i war; likewise three cruisers will be \
i Fufflcient for this Congress to authorize. ;
On this basin it !s easy to estimate that
the annexation of the Philippine Islands
! means a burden upon the taxpayers of the
! country of at least $15,000,000 per annum.
THE OREGON MAY
PROCEED TO MANILA
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— Secretary
! Long cabled orders to-day to the Ore
! gon at Callao. to proceed to Honolulu,
taking the distilling ship Iris with her. |
The lowa was ordered to San Francisco i
'• to make repairs to her boilers and re- i
- place a broken cylinder head. With ;
: her will go the supply ship Celtic and '
the colliers Scandia and Justin. The '
! Oregon will get orders at Honolulu to
proceed to Manila if the situation does
not change In the meantime. The gun
.l. rat Castine has also been ordered to
Manila.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR 25 YEARS
Hnnyadi JAnos
HAS BEEN RECOMtttNDED BY
EMINENT PHYSICIANS
As the Best Natural Aperient Water.
UNEQUALLED AS A REMEDY FOR
Constipation and Stomach Disorders.
Get the Genuine!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1899.
TREATY OF PEACE
TO COME FIRST
Congress Will Recon
vene To-Day.
PROGRAMME OF THE SENATE
PARIS AGREEMENT CERTAIN TO
BE APPROVED.
Nicaraguan Canal Bill Will Command
Right of Way at the Begin
ning of the Ses
sion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— Congress will
reconvene to-morrow. The Senate will al
most immediately adjourn for the day as
' an evidence of respect for the memory
lof Senator Morrill. It is customary not
to transact any business whatever on
euch occasions, but there is a possibility
! that a message may be received from the
! President transmitting the peace treaty,
I as it is known to be the general desire
I that the treaty shall formally be laid be
; fore the Committee on Foreign Relations
! at the earliest possible moment, so that
the committee may make its report aa
promptly us consistent with its duty iv
the premises.
A session of the Senate will be held on
Thursday, but there Is a movement look- j
Ing to an adjournment from that day !
until the following Monday, based on the
ability that there will not be a full
attendance of Senators so soon after the
holidays. This plan will be antagonized
by the friends of the Nicaragua canal ami I
other Senators who are championing j
special measures, and it now appears
quite probable that they will be able to
hold the Senate for at least another day [
of the week. There will be two months
of the session left to a day from the date
of leconvening, and the time will be fully
occupied if half the work that is planned
is to be done. None of the regular ap
propriation bills have passed the Senate
and the river and barbor bill is to be
i to the regular list this session.
None regard the treaty of less importance
than the supply bills, and it will be
pressed along with them when reported,
practically without regard to other bills.
Of other measures of magnitude which
will press for consideration in the Senate
during the session, the Nicaragua bill will
t;tkt precedence, but it will be urgently
U by the Hawaiian government bill,
the anti-scalpers' till and the Interstate
Commerce Commission bill, v< say nothing
obability concerning measures
for the mcrease of the standing army and
of the navy. Senator Elkins and other
friends of "that measure will also con
tinue to urge the bill regulating the regis
tration of foreign-built vessels wrecked in
American waters.
.-.» are only the m<.st important ques
tions demanding consideration in the
weeks remaining. Every Senator has a
number of measures of less importance.
The Nicaragua canal bill will command
the right of way at the beginning of the
•a, and will hold its place if it is
mude evident that a vote can be secured
on it before the appropriation billa and
the treaty are to be taken up. If it can
not be disposed of before these are
brought up it will be temporarily dis
placed fr.<m time to time. Th<- triends of I
11 maintain, however, that debate |
is practically exhausted, and they are
I .! of securing a vote at no very dis- i
tant date. They profess to feel very much
encouraged by the preliminary report or
th< Walker Commission, which was made
public last week. Senator rullom has
given notice of a motion to take up the
jinti-Bcalping bill an soon as the canal
bill is out of the way.
There is a growing belief that the treaty
will not be made the subject of long de
bate and what two weeks ago was a
strong probability of its ratification may |
be said now to be a certainty. Nothing i
1.-ss than some unforeseen emergency can J
urevent the Senate's favorable action
upon it at the present session. There aro
features in the treaty which many Sena
tors consider objectionable, but the tact
that it is a treaty of peace and that they.
as a rule have noiaing in its stead to j
offer will prevent any factious opposition.
So far as the opponents have a plan, it
is to let the treaty go through and then
devote themselves to shaping legislation
consequent upon lta ratification. They !
may offer their amendment committing ;
this Government against an attempt to
exercise sovereignty in the Philippines, j
but they do not expect It to become af.
part of the document.
The treaty will be discussed in execu
tive session, but the Senators will con .
tinue to make speeches in the open Sen- s
ate on Senator A est's anti-expansiMggatr
THE CZAR WELCOMES WQ
AMERICAN OCCUPATOti
NEW YORI^Tan. 3.— ■GfcajA^t&X?
Cyril Vladimirovitch of Russia, whirls
on his way to his own country to at
tend the wedding of his sister, was wel
comed to-day by the Russian colony of
this city with a church service in the
Russian Orthodox Church. Bishop
Nicholas, retiring prelate of the Rus
sian church in America, who will take
ship with him to-morrow, presided at
the services and made an address. The
little church was decorated especially
for the occasion. The Duke received
the representatives of the press in the
state parlor of the Waldorf-Astoria,
which was decorated with palms and"
roses. The Duke said:
"I believe you will have much trouble
with the natives in the Philippines; in
fact, in my judgment, you will have
war with them sooner or later. As far
as Russia is concerned, the presence
of the United States in the East is en
tirely satisfactory. I believe it will be
a new factor for peace in the affairs of
the Orient."
The Grand Duke will sail on the
Fuerst Bismarck to-morrow.
GREETING TO THE CURZONS.
CALCUTTA, Jan. 3.— The new Viceroy
of India. Lord Curzon of Kedleston, and
Lady Curzon arrived here at 5 o'clock
this afternoon and were received by the
Government officials and military " and
civil authorities at the Howrah station
of the East Indian railroad. The volun
teers and native infantry furnished a
• ) <if honor and g-ave the royal salute.
ACCUSED OF
BLOWING UP
THE MAINE
THE BATTLESHIP MAINE.
HAVANA, Jan. 3. — The city is much excited to-night by
an open charge, made in El Reconcentrado, the organ of "Cuba
Libre," that Zecarias Bresmes, a Spanish Judge, now a fugitive
from .Havana, was one of those actively engaged in the plot
which resulted in the destruction of the Maine.
El Reconcentrado to-day gave a sketch of Bresmes' career
previous to last February, charging him with various crimes.
The paper will say to-morrow:
'When the Maine came into Havana harbor Bresmes open
ly declared in the Spanish cafes that such an act of audacity on
the part of the Yankees could not pass without stringent punish
ment. His threats were direct and boded destruction to the
American ship. His associates were Felipe Gonzalez, Dion Sio
Vega and Eusebio Azcue, all Spaniards. Others with him were
officers of volunteers. All these men boasted that the Yankees
were about to get their dues, though no charge can be directed
against any save Bresmes. • '
'He and the hot-headed Spaniards of Murallo street met
nightly at a house near the corner of Murallo and Habana
streets, where the public know the plot against the Maine was
concocted, and all arrangements were completed there. When
the explosion took place Bresmes was in the Tacon Theater with
\ His. friends. Wt the sound of the explosion he cried:
\™^iwV\g9es the Maine."
¥Ch)ampagne was drunk in honor of the
l terrible event at the moment when others
were vaguely inquiring of one another
what had happened.
\\/NB^e^Tib§' name was mentioned before the American Court
: enquiry, but not sufficient evidence was then forthcoming to
} warrant any action, and all reference to him was suppressed in the
published report.
I saw Captain Sigsbee to-day, but of course was unable to
secure any comment from him. His one remark was: "I hope
to see those punished who sent my good ship and my beloved,
men to the bottom of Havana harbor."
Cubans here almost without exception 'regard El Recon
centrado's charges as beyond dispute. Bresmes is now said to
be hiding in Spain.
QUAY INDORSED
IN THE CAUCUS
Needs Nineteen Votes to
Be Re-elected.
HIS OPPONENTS JUBILANT
LOUDLY PROCLAIM THAT HE
CANNOT SUCCEED.
Much Depends Upon the action of
the State Supreme Court in the
Case Against the
Senator.
Special Dls:>atrh to The Call.
TIARRISRT'RO. Pa.. Jan. 3.— Despite the I
efforts of the opponents of Senator Quay '
to cause a postponement of the Senatorial ;
caucus until a later day. the adherents
of the senior Senator carried their point ;
to-night and obtained the Indorsement of !
their favorite by 109 of the 164 Republicans
of the Pennsylvania Legislature. This is
nineteen less than the number required ;
to elect a United States Senator on Joint
ballot, the total membership being 254, of
which 128 is a majority.
The anti-Quay leaders are jubilant over !
the result of the caucus, and claim that ■
the man they are fighting cannot succeed
himself in the Senate. On the other hand,
the Quay people and Senator Quay him
self express confidence of ultimate vie- '■
tory. They say that of the absentees two (
members of the House are kept away by
sickness and will vote for Quay. This
would leave him seventeen votes short of
the number necessary to elect, and the
efforts of the Quay leaders will be direct
ed during the next two weeks toward
securing these votes. It goes without say-
Ing that they will be just as bitterly op- ]
posed in the future by the group of men I
who have made the fight against Quay as j
they have been in the past,
i The Quay leaders during the past few
days have been claiming anywhere from
118 to l.'Jo votes in the caucus. The fact
that the actual figure was away below
their lowest claim is regarded by many
here as a source of great disappointment
to them. This is the claim of people who
are strong in the belief that Senator Quay
is beaten.
Undoubtedly the decision of Senator
David Martin at an early hnur this morn
ing to remain in the caucus had muchtodo
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREETO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
" Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE. , (>
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne. Ind. It l
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti- ■■
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness, resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. ... . . ',
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength .
and development Just where It is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func- '■
tions "and has been an absolute success
in all cases. A request to the State Med-
ical Institute, 193 First National Bank
building. Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the !
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man j
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay. '"b ,-i
with the success of the efforts of ttie
anti-Quay people. Senator Quay has ex
pressed all along that Martin would be
with him when the time came to make
his vote effective, but others well in
formed on the situation have felt that if
Martin found it possible to defeat Quay
he would throw all the strength of h.s
political power against him.
All agree that much depends upon the
action that the State Supreme Court will
take in Philadelphia on January 7 on the
proceedings brought before that body
through a writ granted recently, the ef
fect of which is to bring the criminal
proceedings against Senator Quay before
the Court of Review. If the proceedings
are quashed by the Supreme Court Mr.
Quay will assuredly be re-elected. If. on
the contrary, the court refuses to inter
fere with the regular course of the legal
procedure against Senator Quay and de
cides that he must stand trial on the in
dictments found against him, there can
be no doubt that the position of his op
ponents will be greatly strengthened.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
fclit^ Steamers leave Broadway
V*iJ^*'<!'«». wharf, San Francisco:
i ti!?f4i*^V-^ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
tsr£^\*?X Jan - 1, 6 11. 16, 2L 26. 31;
i ■flklSaVk'l Feb. 5: change at Seattle.
B»SS?«?<s£il For Victoria, Vancouver, iB,
I r**S<E3£%£)a.l C) > Port Townsend. Seattle,
\l Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m., Jan. 1. 6. 11, 16. 21,
26, 31, Feb. 5. and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry., at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Jan. 4,
9. 14, 19, 24, 29, Feb. 3, and every fifth day
thereafter. ■ •
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford. (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., Jan. 4, S. 12. 16. 20. 24. 23.
Feb. 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford -(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., Jan. 2, 6, 10. 14. 18. 22, 26, 30. Feb. 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. Jan. 12, Feb. 9,
Mar. 9, Apr. 6.
For further Information obtain folder.
The. company reserves the right to change,
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
and flours of sailing. '
TICKKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R, & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
ADC SI 2 First Class Including Berths
rMriL $8 Second Class and .Meals.
Columbia sails Jan. 3. IS. 23. Feb. 2.
State of California sails Jan. 8, 18, 28, Feb. 7.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
COOK'S TOURS
— TO—
HA WAU
January 25, February 8, 22, March 5 and 22.
FARES $150 and $235.
All expenses included: first-class throughout.
Programmes free of THOS. COOK & SON..
621 MARKET ST., San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic^,
~ (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS j.^^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <3Fff!£*£»
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North ■awsfSßlfc
River, foot of Morton street.
LA GASCOGNE Jan. 7
LA CHAMPAGNE Jan. 14
I. A BRETAGNE Jan. 21
LA NORMANDIE Jan. 28
LA GASCOGNE Feb. 4
'...-First-class to Havre, $66 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre. $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 6
Montgomery avenue, Ran Francisco.
PSpf|l||« 11. 1599, AUSTRALIA
• PftillL Fails fr>r Honolulu
rfc Wednesday January
■ .. v 11. 1599. at ! p. m.
Q.trfC.-LlrA The S - S - MARI-
SlMniSn Dw POSA saUs vla Hono-
C^" l^' 1 !;,, lulu and Auckland for
(OfflßaltH* Sydney Wednesday.
Jan at 10 p m
Line to COOLGARIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— Market st.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOB 0. S. RAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.).
Friday* 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Dock. Pier 2.
Telephone Main IMS.
RAJ.LROA7J TRAVEL. ,
California
/'
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at S
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1:3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, "BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electric
. Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKETIrTICE— 523 MARKET ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— Broadway. .
Sacramento Offioe— i Street.
San Jose Office— West Santa Clara SI
NORTH PACIFIC coast RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— '7:2O. "9:30. 11:00 a. m. »1:43.
1:45. 6:15, •6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO, •10:00, »ll:30 a. m.; *l:Hi
3:00. *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • .run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— •6:33. 7:45, "9:30 a.m.:
•12:20, 2:20, *3:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00, »10:00. '11:55 a, m.;
•1:15. *3:10. 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45, 7:55. 9:40 a. m.:
12:33. 2:45, 3:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. : 12:05. 1:10, 3:10.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a.m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:46 p.m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:30 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Sept. 1L 1S98:
Week Days — 9:30 a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— S :00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents. 621 Market
street. San Francisco.
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JUxasJil 625 KEABXT NT. Established
■r?r«* in 1834 for the treatment of Private
Mtif\wß Diseases, Lost Manhood. ■ Debility or
SVC BUMBO disease wearing on body ami mind and
Ojß fI^MH Skin Diseases. The doctorcureswben
others fall. Try him. Charges low
?VBBH ('nrMrnarantrrd. Callorwrita.
3>r. J, V. uIBBOJI, Box 1907, 5a0 Francisco, j
AUCTION SALES.
fe FIRST REGULAR AUCTION SALE fe
Of FINE HORSES, VEHICLES, Etc.
Will Be Held SATURDAY. January 7, at Oc-
cidental Horse Exchange, 721 How-
ard st., near Third.
Having made extensive alterations especially
for the holding of sales every week in the
finest pavilion in California, I take pleasure
in announcing that on the above date I will
tell a number of fine roadsters, well matched
driving teams, saddle horses, draft horses' and
fifteen head of the smallest, handsomest and
best tn.lned Shetland Ponies ever offered, be-
sides buggies, sulkies, carts, wagons, harness,
etc. Wit. G. LAYNG,
Livestock Auctioneer. .
(^Consignments solicited.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
£» AT .£* :
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
327 Sixth Street,
WEDNESDAY January I
' At 11 a. m.
By order of Market-street Railroad Company
We will sell a lot of horses and mares used
on Twenty-fifth street division; also 20 head of
all-purpose horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Livestock Auctioneers. ' "
FURNITURE OF 15 ROOMS.
, THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY) at 11 a. m.
219 MASON ST., NEAR O'FARRELL.
FRANK W. -RUTTFRFIELD. 602 Market st.
BAIL3CAD TBA.VEL.
niiK.\ i'a«:ifi<j (ujipaxt,
(PAOiriC MYSIKM.)
Train* leave nutl nrr tin* to arrlfs at
MAM FltAN«:iN<:<».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From Dec. 18. 1338. — ariuti
•OiOOa Nilee, San Jose »ud Way Stations ... *V Bik .
7:OO a. Beulcia, Suisun »nd Sacramento.... 3:43p ■
7 :oi»a MarjbTille, Oro<rUle »nd Redding via
Woodland 5:43r
7:011 a Klmira, Vaoaville and Run:«ey 8:43r
7:3« a Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo. Nap*.
Caliatoga and S.inta Rosa 6:1
8:»0a Atlantic Express, Og<leii and Kaat.. tH**r
H::i»lA Ban .lose. LiTermore, .Stockton,
. . lone, Sacrameuto. Placerrille,
M»ry»»illc, Cilico, Itt-.l iiiutr i«i»r
N:3Oa ■Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown:.. 4:15"p
BiOoa Martinez. Tracy. Latbrop, Stodcton,
Merced and Fresno 12:15f
»:««A Fresno, UakerstlfM. "SanU Hurlmra.
Los Atfelee, Demirjg, £1 Paso,
New Orleans and But 6:45r
IO:OOa Vallrjo, Martinez and Way Station* ~:43p
12:00 m Niles, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, U&uford, Viaalia,
Pcrteirille t 4:13*
■l:OOp Sacramento lUter Sle»in«n *8:00p
«:(M»i- Martinez, Han lUiuon. Vallejo.
.. ■ Nitj.ii, ('u!ip|*>K't, Suiitil Itosii Oil.i*
4iOop Benicia, Vacaville, Bacrani«nto,
Woodland, Knights Landing; -
M»rjraTille, OroTllle 10:45 a
4tBOp Nlles, San Jose and Stockton 7:13p
O:OOpSan Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno. Bakenfield. Los
Acgeles 0:43*.
S:3or Stockton, Merceil, Fresno 12:13*
5:30p Martiiiei, Tracy, JJendota, Fresno,
Mojave. Santa iJurliar* ami l.os
An, :•■<•.. ... . M||
{S:OOP Pacific Cotst Limited, El Paso.
Fort Worth. Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and Cast SO:4S A
e:g«r Saul* .  ... FV ...,,,t- u
for MojaT« kin) !..,»t !.:».>,■
O-.OOf ICiiropenii Mall. Ouuen aud ICaat U:4s\
8:»«p Haywards, Niks and San Joss 7:»3.\
•«:UOr Vnlleji> 12i1.1i
tTiOOp Vallejo, Port Cob and Way Sta-
tions J»:4^p.
B:Uoi> Oregon Rxpras,Bm<siunffiita, Marys- ; ••'
rllle. i:.-.l.liii , Portland, I'ngtit
Sound anil i:>xt 8:13*.
«10:03r Sawot Limited. Fresno. l.o'». •; ". :
Angeles, Xt Paso, New Orleans ■
and F.-»t ■......; tl:43f
SAN I,KA.M>K<> AMI lUY»IUI>n J.OI'AI,.
(Foot of Market Street ) •
Jlf-lro^r, Si'iiliiinrj I'urk, C
R:OOa Kltrhl.srtf, KlmfiurHt. 6:«3a
>U:OUa San l.raiiiiru, South Sun (*»:4.la
lO.OAa l.ean.lro. K-l n.lillo, 10:43 a
<I 1:00 a • I,oreiiE(>, Cherry ■ ******
8:« op a ,,,| Jl:4»p
• !Ooi> i Run. through to Nlles. ? rtsp
) t From Nlles^ I '
-" COAST I>IVI>ION (>Mrrnw (imi^e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8:13 a Newark, Centorviile. San Jose, Felton.
Boulder Creek, Sauta Oruz and
Sutloas 5:30»
•2:1 5p Newark, Centerrillf, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and l'rindpal Way
Station* MO:S«H
4:1.1p Newark. Han Jose and Los Gates... U:!2oa
♦ 1 1:45p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Btntton (i :?:20F
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN PKiKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)— ■
•7:15 9:00 IJ:OOA.M. 11:00 *2:00 13:00
•1:03 t5:00 •6:00r.¥.
rromOilUHD— Foot o'Bro3iw«T.—'fi:oo 8:00 10:OO».H.
112:00 •1:00 t2:CJ '3:00 ' ti:C9 '5:0301., ■
COAST lUVIMON (Broa.l (ian^p).
(Third mid To-vnaend St->.)
7:OUa San .lone ami Way .SUti«im'(New
Altnadeit Wednesdays ouly) 1:3 OF
8:00 a Sun .lose, TrM l'in<m, .Simt.i Crux,
racllic flrofo, I'iuio Itobles, Sail
l.ufa <>!.Sx|>n. Guailalinw, Surf ami
l'rlncl|.nl Way suiii.i.g 4:IOp
l»:l(l» Sun Jim an<l Way SUMoiin »S:«Oa
HtXOA San Jose anil Way Stations Bi33a
*S»:43r .San Mat™, llcilwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Han .line,
Gllroy, Holllgter, Santa Onus,
Salinas, Monterey ami I'acilic
arore .. .. *IO:8<l4
•S:3«p San .lose ami Way Stations •»:OOa
*l:13r San Jose ami Principal Way Statmns »:4»a"
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:!I3A
3i3«r San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 3:3«r
«::iOp San Jose ami Way .Stations 7:SI»p
t11:43p San .loag ami Way Stations 3:« Op
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Hmiriayn e»crpre<l. J Sundays only* I Satnr.Uyß only
•JMond&yß and Thurmday^ /iTufudays and Saturdays.
|S»tii'«l-<«-'i'i'« W. :-^-;..v bTli'i>-»'l I "on'i S>ino»TB
CILIFOHNU NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. . '. '
Tlburon tarry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l;i>0
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m. : 1:40. 3:40,
6:00, 6.25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Paris
lame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 16. •
Week | Sun- • IS9B. Sun- | Week
Days. | days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 3:40 am
3:3opm 9:3oam<| Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:23.am •
6:10 s:oopnf Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton, '
i 7:3oam Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:311pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:22 pm
Hopland and
7:30 am 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 5:00 pm 7:35 pm] 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs ; at Lytton for Lytton Spring's; at Gey-
eerville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport -and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's. Bucknell's
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Boonevllle. Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendocino City. , Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Willitts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlng's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San ( Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 6SO Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. . Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10, IS9B, trains will run as folLows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday - *•■ - Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Daily.
8:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 5:50 pra
10:10 am 2:ospm Merced 12:40 pmi 4:o3pm
1 11:40 am 5:30 pm Fresno 9:30 am 1 2:32pm
12:38 pm 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:35 pra
B:2opm 12:30 am Bakersfteld 2:30 am 11:20 am
12:D8pm B:sopm Vlsalia | 6:4oam! I:lspm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
street. Ban Francisco. .
1112
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
AT LAST THE
INFAMOUS RATES
ARE DEMANDED
Oakland Held Up for an In
crease of Thirty-one Per
Cent for Water.
Held Off Till Yesterday so That a Deceptive
Appearance Can Be Made Before
the Council, in February.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908' Broadway, Jan. 3.
Fmm henceforth Oaklanders must pay
extra for taking a bath. The. infamous
Bchedule of wattr rates passed at the
behest of the combined companies last
March went into full force and effect to
3ay and the public will be legally cinched
for the remaining six months of this fiscal
rear.
The following exhibit shows what has
romp to pass. They are the bills of. W.
J. Abernathy, who lives at $11 Thirty
ftfth street: ' .
§♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦ ♦.♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ •
•*■ - • ■•" '■■■'■ • • ■ +
For Water January, . +
'-+ 1898..........!........... 50 +
+ For Water February, ■ . ■♦■
♦ 1898 .......:.. 1.95 ♦
"♦" For Every Month; in *
♦ 1898 1.95 ♦
♦ FOR JANUARY, 1899.. 2.55 t
♦ ■ • : . ■ 4
♦ + ♦♦.♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•♦♦♦♦♦•
The«=e figures are taken from the re
reipts in the possession of Mr.- Abernathy,
end a call at the' office of the water com
pany by a reporter verified their cor
rectness.
This enormous raise in the water rates
coming Just at this time is possessed of
very forceful significance/ It shows that
the water companies are planning to
make a deceitful showing before the City
Council when they file their statements
upon which the schedule shall be based
which will go into effect July 1 of this
year and continue one year.
The City Council two- weeks ago passed
the ordinary resolution ■ instructing the
clerk to inform the water companies that
they must file their annual report of all
expenditures and receipts for 1898 so that
the Council can commence, in February
■to fix the schedule for the next fiscal year.
These reports must be filed under the
l.i\v before the 31st day of January in
tl.<- succeeding year to the one covered by
the report. These reports must contain
etailed statement of every payment
from every house, public building or
other place served by the companies.
These reports. for 1S&8' will contain the
receipts at the lower- rate and will not
show one cent Of . the receipts for the
six months commencing January 1. dur
ing which the company will be charging
xttistionate rate.- guaranteed them
by an obliging Council. ■•
Another significance connected with
this sudden raise in water rates is that
a city campaign is now opening and that
s-'-v. ral hi the Councilmen are candidates
for re-election. It is hardly- to bte sup
posed that the voters will support any of
the men who voted last March to saddle
such a steal upon the city as is now be
ing carried out.
.An inquiry at the office of the Contra
Costa Company brought out some inter
esting information. It was stated that
from now on the company will charge the
new schedule, : the honors of which, at the
time ii was passed, belonged to Council
men Woodward and Henneberry primar
ily, and to Councilmen Heitmann, Brosna
han. Earl and' Watkinson secondarily— the
former two having introduced it and the
whole six having, voted for it.
At the water company's office it was ex
plained that the raise would not be a very
large one, and would only amount to 10
or 15 cents on houses where the rate has
beeii SI per month. Investigation outside
proves, that the rate on a house paying
Jl ;«5 Is now $2 55. which is a raise of a lit
tle over .;i p.-r cent— which the cashier
courteously said is small.
"You bi Id, "our first charge is
made on the basis of the amount of space
the house occupies. Then we charge for
irrigating, so much a square foot. After
that, if there ts a bath in the house there
is ;t small charge for that. Then we are
also enabled under the schedule to make
another charge for a closet if there be one
attached to the house. Of course there is
a difference between; one and two story
houses. Hitherto we have not charged
for closets, but we are' doing so this
year."
Had the cashier not been quite so busy
he might have gon.e on a little farther and
said that "under the schedule we charge
so much extra for a horse or a cow, so
much for washing windows with hose, so
much in the public schools for the amount
of space they occupy and just a small
amount per pupil. We also charge special
for laundries and very special rates
for every branch of the municipal service
that uses water, with extra attention to
thp fire hydrants, for the planting and re
] tiring of which, under the new ordi
nance, we arc also entitled to collect gen
erously"—and all this would have been
is true .is what the cashier did say
Wlipn the Water Committee of the
Council made its investigation last Feb
ruary into the affairs of the water com
panies it took their figures and allowed
generously for all possible margins, after
which it fixed a schedule that would al
low fi per cent investment on the inflated
capitalizations of the' companies. The
rate? now being charged are just about
twice what would have been collected
under the ordinance, the preparation of
which was undertaken with much con
scientiousness and care.
This ordinance, however, as all of Oak
land knows, was thrown aside by the
"solid six" and one prepared by Mr. Hen
neberry was substituted. There was some
Irregularity übout thfs, and then came
forward Major K. W. Woodward, who
had been appointed but a week, but who
was already furnished with an elaborate
schedule and defense of tne water com
panies, which he claimed to have pre
pared, but which was. proved at the time
were prepared by employes of the water
combine. This is the schedule which is
now lii'inp foisted on ■ the public and
which will pay the. water companies for
the next six months fully 15 per cent In
terest on their inflated capitalizations,
while the law allows, them 6 per cent.
As the water companies "came to
gether" in January, of last year and
rained the rate on a 50-cent house to $1 95,
and as there is now the same "under
standing" between the two companies,
the raisp on January 1 was general.
In this connection it Is interesting to
note that last October The Call publish
ed exclusively the statement that the wa
ter companies were resurveying every
house for the purpose of enforcing the ex
tortionate Woodward schedule, which
was to go into effect at the close of last
year or the beginning of this year. At
that lime the presidents of the two com
panies rushed into print and indignantly
denied that they were doing any such
tiling or that they contemplated any
raise on the rates then in force.
For the past six months little by little
the Woodward schedule has been applied
to the municipal buildings, and where $20
per month was formerly paid at the City
11:111. the bill suddenly, jumped to $110.
X conservative estimate of the effect of
the Woodward ordinance if put into full
force over the rates fixed by the commit
tee and guaranteeing fully fi per cent on
the investment would place the steal now
commenced at $250,000 for the fiscal year.
COMPANIES TO COMBINE.
Contra Costa Stock Takes a Sig
nificant Jump.
OAKLAND, Jan.' 3.— Considerable ex
citement was caused. In Oakland to-night
by the announcement that the stock of
the Contra Costa Water Company had
taken a sudden Jump from $50 to $65 per
share, and $63 was being refused. Last
Friday the stock could not be sold for $50.
It was openly stated t"hat the Contra
Costa had absorbed the Oakland or Din
gee Company, and that henceforth there
was to be no competition.
j One of the most prominent men con
nected with the companies was asked to
night by a Call reporter if the report were
true. He partially confirmed the start
ling information.
"There has been no consolidation yet,"
he said, "but the two companies will cer
tainly come together. No other course
can be expected, and negotiations have
been pending for some time between the
two companies.
"The Contra Costa has got to the end
! of its rope, and ils rival is as badly off.
When the competition began the Contra
Costa Company had only used a little
| more than half of its bonds. Now it nas
used them all, and has not paid a cent
; in interest on stock for four years.
"When you see stock jump suddenly
I from 50 to 65 you may kn"W there is
something substantial behind it— and
I there is. As yet, however, the two com
panies have not consolidated. The past
season lias shown that the two companies
together only have about enough water to
supply Oakland, and competition is no
■ longer possible. Two years ago the Con
| tra Costa people wanted to buy out their
i rival, but Dingee wanted altogether too
much. Now it is different, and the two
I must and soon will come together.
i "The Contra Costa Company has been
! forced to open an immense pumping plant
at Alvarado, and this has cost it nearly
| one-fourth of its entire bonded Indebted
ness. Both companies fully realize that
I their combined plants are necessary to
tide Oakland over a dry year, and "they
'also realize that for the protection of
their stockholders they must come under
one general management. This is the sit
: nation that caused the stork to jump so
I heavily in to-day's market. I hear that
stock sold a few days ago for 50 was held
to-day although 6:> was offered. Some
changed hands, however, at 68. That is
the whole story, and absolutely reliable."
DEATH OF
A PIONEER
Henry Matthews Passes
Quietly Away at His
Home in Oak
land.
OAKLAND. Jan. 3— After spending a
fruitful life of nearly 76 years. Hen
ry Matthews, millionaire capitalist,
passed away peacefully at his home,
| 1557 "Webster street, to-day. For the past
four years his health has been failing and
during the greater part of that period he
had been confined to his home, so that the
final summons came not unexpected. His
life was one that through enterprise, firm
; will-power, generous impulses and ster
ling character had raised him from a boy
I at sea to a man of riches and contented
CAPTAIN HENRY MATTHEWS,
old age. A native of England, he had
sailed the world over prior to 1846, and
i when in that year he arrived In San Fran
! Cisco from Honolulu the present metrop
i olis across the bay was but a cluster of
i rude houses and was called Yerba Buena.
i He had come here to join General Fre
mont, who was then at Monterey, but
i lack of funds prevented him from accom-
I plishing the object set out upon. In San
; Francisco he accepted a position as ware
houseman in charge of the general store
j of Frederick Ward and William Smith,
' then located at what is now corner of
i Merchant and Montgomery streets. After
ward he went to the mines and finally he
i conducted a wholesale lumber business.
He was also for some yean one of the
harbor pilots. There was no movement
' In San Francisco in the early days that
, ho did not assist liberally, and he always
showed the truest public spirit. He was' a
j member of both vigilance committees,
I that of '51 and that of '56. and he did his
| share toward stamping out corruption
arid crime. Twice has he been honored
i with the vice presidency of the Society of
1 California Pioneers, of which he was "one
j of the oldest members, and his interesting
. narratives of his travels through Europe
I and Mexico are perhaps stlil fresh i:i
1 memory of his confreres of that organiza
j tion.
He was a family man, devoted to his
! wife and children and vory domestic in
! his tastos. The bubble and excitement of
I the political sea had no charms for him.
The fact that he played the first musical
I instrument at a religious service in this
i State at an Episcopel gathering hold at
what is now the corner of ("lay and Kear
ny streets— was considered by film a great
er distinction than had he held any potitl
j cal honors. The flute he played on that
occasion he christened "the sacred flute,"
and only recently he made a gift <>f it
to the Society of Pioneers. He was also a
member of Golden Gate Lodge No. 30, F.
and A. M.
Mr. Matthews had resided in Oakland
for the past twenty years. He held the
love and respect of all who knew him
He leaves a widow, three sons— William
HL, Henry, J,. M. and John W. Matthews—
I and a daughter, Mrs. Robert Oryan, at
| present residing in Rome, Italy. At his
own request, the funeral services will be
unostentatious, and will bo held next
Thursday from the family residence, and
the remains will be interred in the family
plat at Mountain View Cemetery.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1899.
SUPERVISORS
ORGANIZE FOR
ANOTHER YEAR
Talcott Again Elected
Chairman.
PATRONAGE YET IN DOUBT
CHURCH WILL CONTROL THE
HOSPITALS.
Some Pretty Compliments Paid to
the Work of the Board by
the New Presi
dent.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 3.
The Supervisors met this morning and
the two members elected last November
were installed in office. The proceeding
j consisted merely of Mr. Church and Mr.
I Talcott shaking hands with themselves,
j getting out of their chairs, turning around
i and sitting down again.
Ah soon as the board was informed that
; it must organize for this year, Mr. Mit
i chell nominated J. R. Talcott for chair
man. In seconding the motion Mr. Church
said: "I had the pleasure of placing Mr.
Tak-ott in nomination two years ago and
, I have no reason to regret my action."
Mr. Talcott was elected unanimously.
In taking his seat he said many pleas
ant things of his colleagues. He said
that he believed every member of the
beard had endeavored to give tne people
an honest administration, and that there
were more good roads in this county now
than at any time in its history.
Later during the session Chairman Tal-
I cott presented the following list of com
-1 mittees:
Judiciary, county buildings and im
provements—Mitchell, Church and Roeth.
Auditing and finance — Roeth, Mitchell
j and Church.
Roads, bridges and franchises — Wells
Ko.-th and Mitchell.
Hospital— Church, Mitchell and Wells.
Next Monday the board will meet and
it Is expected that all the uncertainty re
garding the appointments at the County
Infirmary, Receiving Hospital and County
\ Jail will be settleu. It is known that
some changes are to be made, though it
> is not quite clear where the lightning
may strike.
The reports of all the county officers
■ for December were filed, and the Treas
urer reported that he had apportioned 15
■ per cent of the county road and bridge
fund to the credit of the. general fund
a isd tlie remainder among the several dis
trict road funds as follows:
! c,^ t '£ era . 1 , road fund - J421 M : Altamont.
i $340 .»; Alvarado, $.vi 77; Brooklyn, $128 02;
i ££. c ° to - * yi "-: Frultvale, |101 59; Mt. Eden.
I $19i 64; Murray. $247 57; Newark, $71 87
--< Niles, $230 38; ocean View, pi 2i; Pleas—
anton, $148 48; San Leandro, $218 74; Val- ;
lecito, $154 73. and Washington, $. M JO 02.
An Old Settler Dead.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 3.— Nathaniel Damon
died this morning at his home at Damons
I Landing. He was a brother of Charles
Damon of this city. Deceased was one of
the early settlers of Alameda County. He
; came to California in 1852 and took up his
residence near Fitchburg. where he lived
until the time of his death. He engaged
! in agricultural pursuits and later started
' a shipping business. Jt was in connection
with this that he established the landing
at the head of San I.eandro Bay which
bears his name. The funeral will" be held
on Friday. The remains will be interred
at Mountain View Cemetery.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND BACE TRACK, Tuesday, Jan. 3, 1899.— Thirty-first day
of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track muddy.
J. A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge. JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
PT'T' FIRST RACE— mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
.Try-keys.
422 Martello, 3 871
431 None Such, 4 101
444 Nonchalance. 5 11l
(404) Espirando, 4 Ml
429 Tim, 3 90
431 Colonel Dan, 4.. ....104
439 Losette, 4 94
423 Tenrlca, 4 101
438. Oak Leaf, 5.. 103
440 Card well, 6 110
1
3
7
4
2
5
8
9
10
J
2 3
4 4
6 h
1 hi
8 4
3 3
5 h
10
7 4
9 6
1 4
6 2
4 1
2 4
8 2
It
5 4
10
7 4
9$
1 4
4 4
5 6
2 3
64
3 4
72
9 1
8 1
10
:::
1 2
2 2 '
3 3 '
4 4 :
5 4
6 3
7 2
8 8 I
9 20
10
jr. Daly
W. H. Martin
Burck
Gray
J. Ward
'Devin
■Houck
6
15
15
5
6-5
2
6
10
20
7
10
30
20
20
6-5
3
15
40
30
8
Coburn |
J. Power '
|C. Sloan ; 1
Time -25; ' :Sl%' %. 1:20; mile. 1:47%. Winner, J. B. Dyer's b. c. by Morello-
Centella. Perfect start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Martello was fortunate in missing the bumping match at the first turn T*lm was best
Oak Leaf was ridden to no advantage. Card well was cut down. " "
CO SECOND RACE-Futurity course (170 feet less than six furlongs); selling- three-
tfCJ« year-olds. and upward; purse, $350.
I
Horse. Age. Weight. St.
i
to.
%m.
Str.
i Betti
Jockeys. ' [Op.
437 Clarando, 3 101
441 Good Hope, 3 99
444 Cyril, 4 113
... Sybarls, 4... ....113
438 Mainstay, a 120
450 Little T G. 4 11l
452 Lady Ashley. 4 11l
441 La Parasseuse. 3... 99|
I 2
i 3
4
6 '
8
( 5
1
|_7
1 1
2 4
6 h
4 h
8
3 1-
-7 1
.64
1 3
2 4
3 h
4 2
6 2
5 1
7 2
8
1 3
2 3
3 4
4 3
6 1
5 2
7 4
8
1 6
2 4
3 8
4 1
5 h
6 3
7 20
8
H. Martin
J. Woods
Turner
C. Sloan
H. Shields....
Beauchamp ..
Frawley
5-2 7-2
5-2 13-5
3 6-5
12 30
6 12
60 200
40 10)
40 100
ICoburn
Time— To "A, :22; 4. :46U; last %. 1:02%; short %, 1:12%. Winner, Caesar Young's b t
by ciarendon-Volta.no.-. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving
Martin, on the winner, beat the gate. Cyril was away none too well. Mainstay prob-
ably underwent the embalming process.
Scratched— Midas 120. Dunois 120.
CO THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
him.
%m.
Str.
.391 Jerry Hunt ...1
333 Malay U
428 Dunpralse- li
(428) Polka li
438 Letter 1
(433) Stromo ..It
1
4
1 2
3
5 '
6
1 1
4 4
3 1
2 1
6
6 6
1 h
4 8
2 1,
3 6
6
5 12
1 8
4 15
3 2
2 1
6
5 25
1 8
4 20
2 h
3 1
6
5 20
16
2 2
3 5
425 (
5 10 ;
8 ,
Piggott
J. Woods
1 * .. »
- 6' 5
8-5 9-5
6- 7
8-s^/2
20 50
10 15
Buchanan ....
H. Martin
IHouck
Thorrw.
I 1 norpe
Time— 4. :124: %, :37%; %, 1:02%; %," 1:31 Winner, B. Schrelber"s b. c. by Servitor-
Innocence, Good start. Won easing up. Second and third driving.
They were an auction lot, and Jerry won In 'a walk.
£>A FOURTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
415 Stamina, 3..... I
456 Robert Bonner, 6...X
434 Alicia. 6 : .11
423 Elldad. 4 ...H
445 Frank Jaubert. 6....V
444 Tom Cromwell, 6...1
"190 Caspar, 5 ...1(
(325) Peter Weber. 3 !
415 Stamina, 3 84*5 7 3 314 3 5 35 12 J Relff 10 c"
456 Robert Bonner, 6.. .109 2 21 25.14 11 24 Rutter ... , 10 in
434 Alicia. 6 : 107 1 1 12 Ih 23 21 32 Thorpe .'" 10 r
423 Elldad. 4 ...108 6 4 1 4 2 4 3 4 2 4 5 H.Martin 8-5 3-2
445 Frank Jaubert. 6.. ..101 3. 31 54 5 3 1 5 4 512 McNichols 6 5
444 Tom Cromwell, 6. ..H0 4 5 4 62 62 64 6h Piggott '"" 3 I
390 Caspar. 5 ...107 7 6h 73 72 71 71 Romero ....'.'.'. 30 100
[325) Peter Weber. 3 90 8 ,8 8 8 S 8 (See 2 23
Time— :26%; 4, :51; %, 1:164; mile. 1:444- Winner. Duke & Wlshard's eh. cbT ton
Great I Tom-Endurance. Poor start. Won first three driving. .. • v '
The smart ones backed Robert Bonner. Stamina spoiled arrangements. Destroy the
pasteboards when Elldad is rated. Frank Jaubert was out for another airing. See who rode
Weber, Is a wonder in his way.
Scratched— Rosemald 94, Lady Britannic 104. Captive 109, Magnus 101.
4fil FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and Upward; purse, $500.
ndex Horse. Age. Weight. I St. %m. 4m. , %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.'
449 Rubicon, a... '....... 112 2 15 18 18 18 12 Piggott '.....' ~ ~B^ 7^
435) Roslnante, 5 ....106 3 2h 2h 23 232 10 Thorpe 6-2 3
406 Moringa,-4 .....102 1 34. 3 8 3 8 3 8 3 2 IDevin > 6-'
442 Frohman, * :... 96 ' 4 4 4 4 4 4 |J. Daly 20 50
Time-%, :24%; 4. :494: %. 1:15%: mile. 1:42%. Winner, E. Lanizan's eh, h. by "lmiT
Rayon d'Or-Llllle R. Good start. Won ridden out. Second and third driving.
Rubicon was urged the last furlong. . Morlnga ran a bad race.
Scratched— 104. ■ . - '
Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
4m. , %m.
Str.
449 Rubicon, a...'. '.
(435) Roslnante, 5 ....1
406 Moringa,-4 ......
442 Frohman. 4 :...
!
2 SIXTH RACE-Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Fin.
Jockeys." |
H. Martin
W, Dean
Woods
Houck
J. Re1ff........
Gray ......;...
449 'Montgomery, -6...'...:
449 O'Connell, a ..:..:
' 401 Sweet William, 6...
(386) Pat Murphy, a
(427) Wyoming,, 6.........
446 Bellicose a...... :
449 Montgomery, -6. ......113 2: ... In IS 14' 11 H. Martin I 1-3 ■ i.»
449 O-Connell. a..... ....116 3 ... 2 4 24 24 28 iW. Dean 4 fi
401 Sweet William, 5... 4 - ... 6 42 34 8 4 Woods 6-'-IS-
-386) Pat Murphy, a 99 6 ... 33 34 • 43 ,4 3 Houck j 20 "100
[427) Wyoming,, 6......... 99 5 ... 6., 5 2 52 v 4- J. Relff 10 40
446 Belllcoso. a.. ..::.. ..102 1 ... 44 6 6 6 Gray .......... | 15' JO
• . Time— :254: hi. :&0; %. 1:16. Winner. W. P. Magrane's eh. g. by Hanover-Blessing."
Good start. Won easily. ; Second and third driving. : . ■ ■
The winner won at leisure. Sweet William came from the rear. Wyoming run away
with Relff previous to the start.
Scratched— Defender 99, Ed Gartland II 107, Highland Ball 110.
2
3
4
6
5
1
1 h
2 4
6
3 3
6 4
•4 %
1 3
2 4
4 2
3 4---
52
6
1 4^
24
3 4
4 3
6 2 ;
6
1 1
28
3 4
,4 3
6 4
6
RUBICON WON
WITH A BIT
OF COAXING
The Ring Laid Most
Liberal Odds.
OUTSIDERS FIRST AT OAKLAND
STAMINA BEAT ROBERT BOKTNER
AT 10 TO 1.
Jerry Hunt Lost His Field in the
Mvd — Clarando Quite a Filly.
Montgomery Unbeatable
as Usual.
Perhaps the most astonishing thing
about the racing at Oakland yesterday
was the long price laid against Rubicon, j
The previous effort of Lanigan's big I
chestnut horse was in a short six furlong j
scramble, and he cut a very' small ligure.
However, In horse racing it is necessary
to "throw out" some trials. The going j
yesterday was certainly to his liking, the
track being a sea of mud. He was asked
to beat Roslnante, Moringa and Frohman.
The first named mare was an unknown
quantity in slushy footing, and Moringa
looked the contender. As on Monday,
when 12 to 1 was laid against San Venado,
the ring got out of line and chalked at i
one stage of the betting 2^> to 1 against
Rubicon. At post time, this had given i
way to 4to 5. Piggott tossed the leg over
the Lanigan entry, and at once going to
the front was never headed, leading Ros
inante out a couple of lengths in I:4L'' 4 .
Sefore half the distance had been cov
ered Moringa hoisted distress signals, fin
ishing a trashy looking third.
The other events, with une exception,
were below mediocrity so far as class was
concerned. Martello at lv and Stamina
quoted at an equally long price were a
couple of the prize winners. Rubicon
and Montgomery were the winning favor
ites.
Schreiber's Ulm looked so nicely placed
that the colt ruled a 6 to 5 choice for the
mile selling run that opened the after
noon's sport. Bumped soon after the
start, he never cut much figure. The 10
to 1 shot, Martello, ridden to good advan- !
tage by little Johnny Daly, won at the
end quite handily from the rank outsider,
None Such.
After warming 1 up like a cyclone, P. i
Ryan's Cyril was sent to the front a I
warm favorite for the sprint next decided.
He finished third. Clarando, with
"Skeets" Martin in the saddle, jumped '
away in the load, winning cleverly at the j
wire from Good Hope.
Polka proved a false favorite in the
seven furlong run. Jerry Hunt, piloted
by Piggott, spreadeagled his field. Ma
lay was second, two lengths before Dun
praise.
.The mile selling affair saw Elidad, the
one-time famous mud lark, go to the post
favorite. He became lost in the shuffle
and Stamina, a lv to 1 shot, ridden by
Johnny Rcirt". Blipped in and beat the good
thing, Robert Bonner, two lengths.
One to three was quoted against Billy'
Magrane's crack sprinter Montgomery in
the betting on the final six furlong spin
and he fairly rolled in. O'Connell secured
the place easily from Sweet William
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Five furlongs; selling; three-year
olds.
433 Royal Fan 107 ...Tortis 109
433 Wheat King 112 ... Goal Runner.. . .109
446 Whalt-back 112 458 La Parasseuae 107
429 Peach Blossom.. 107 433 Campus 112
Second Race— One mile; selling; four-year
olds and upward.
44 fir.yhurst 1091 442 Rosemafcl 99
... Reolia 102 427 Schnitz 109
416 Durward 106; 407 Lady Britannic. 104
Third Race— Three furlongs; two-year-olde.
453 Yellow Tail 108 (453) Nina 110
4f.3 Innovator 100 453 Infinity 100
453 Ice Drop 10*> ; 453 Loch Katrine.. .100
... Lomond 113! 453 The Buffoon 100
Fourth Race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling.
225 Jennie Reid 107' 441 Ann Page 107
433 Gilt Edge 109 437 Genua 107
415 The Fretter 112 422 Banewor 107
269 Doremus 112!
Fifth Race— Five furlongs; selling; four-year
olds and upward.
269 Furia 99: 299 Cyaro 108
445 Lomo 109 ...Eppinger 116
43$ Santa Lucia 107 193 Zem Zem 106
... Tony Licalzl 113 433 Wing 99
440 The Last 106 397 Rac lvan 101
314 Pelxotto II 109'
Sixth Race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
421 Fig Leaf 1031 440 B Schreiber 101
... Jim Bozeman...los' 458 ' Mainstay 108
445 Manzanilla 108] 452 Ricardo 103
462 Sweet William.. 108 1 401 Major Cook 105
Selections for To-Day.
First Race — Campus, Goal Runner, Royal
Fan.
Second Race— Greyhurst, Lady Britannic,
Rosemald.
Third Race— Yellow Tail, Nina, Loch Katrine.
Fourth Race— Banewor, Genua. Ann Page.
Fifth Race— Wing. The Last, Raclvan.
Sixth Race— Major Cook, Fig Leaf, Sweet
William.
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. •
M., Chapter Hall, Masonic Temple— _#V
Stated meeting THIS EVENING, JLjt
Jan. 4, at 7:30 o'clock. /▼>
j _ H. , FORTRIEDE. Sec. '
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. »~~
M.— Stated meeting THIS WEDNES- JV-
DAY) EVENING, January 4, at 7;3U V
o'clock. THEO. E. SMITH, Sec. /V^
I PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. F. x>tv»s*v.v
: —There will be a double installa-
I tion of otlk-erß on THURSDAY
EVENING. January 5, 1899, Gol- "^WS^
den West Lodge No. 322, I. O. O. F. uniting.
All members please attend. Visiting brothers
I cordially invited.
JOHN STEVENSON, N. G.
DR. F. D. ASHWORTH, Asst. Rec. Sec.
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No. ■t&gm&t,
207, I. O. O. F.— Members of lodge Jg?srgßSgL
and onler please attend the meet-
ing THURSDAY EVENING, Jan- *^W«W >
vary 5, and assist at the installation of of-
ficers, p. CAMES, N. G.
A. GOUSTIAUX, Secretary.,
i MORSE Lodge No. 257, I. O. O F. -*Bm4lJ/',
Installation THIS iWEUXES-.^^.
DAY) EVENING. January 4. All^^|>SSS*=
members are requested to be pres- "■v/Jllv^*'
ent. Visitors cordially invited.
JOSEPH SLOAN. N. G.
C. BRIND, Rec. Sec.
THE quarterly meeting and in-
stallation of officers of Servian- _»»&v,
Montenegrin Literary and Be- +&&JJ
nevolent Society will be held tKi^'.i-i, "
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- ftfvL&S
ING, January 4, 1899, at 7:30 jß'lHf&rB 1
o'clock, at 10 California st. All M/snßkv/f
officers and members are re- V"; /<« «#• V /
quested to be present. Fine for NJJT'jf^ra'
non-attendance will he strictly V^-i^
enforced. By order of
JOHN GLAVINOVICH, President.
SPIRO S. VUCOSAVLIEVICH, Secretary.
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- fl
Cisco Bricklayers' Association will be H
j held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING, J& .
| January 4, 1899. at B'nal B'rith Hall.-^ffljf
121 Eddy St., at 8 o'clock. A full at- >££{
tendance Is requested. Installation of "W*
officers. E. J. BRANDON. °
! MASTER MARINERS' BENEVO- --^_
LENT ASSOCIATION will meet on\^ r >»
THURSDAY, January 6, at 7 p. m., >*U>
instead of 7:30 p. m., for urgent > — '
i reasons. By order of the president.
j L. TRAUNG. Rec. Sec.
'. THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO, Cal., will be held at its bank-
ing house. No. 301 Montgomery St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY. January 10, 1899,
at 3:15 o'clock p. m., for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
. transaction of such other business as may
come before the meetine.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
/ San Francisco. December 9, 1898.
j THE annual meeting of the San Francisco La-
I dies' Protection and Relief Society will be
held at the home THURSDAY, January 12
1599, at 2 p. m.
ALICE BROWN, Rec. Sec.
ANNUAL MEETING— Notice Is hereby given
that the tenth annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the San Francisco and Oakland
Mutual Loan Association will be held at the
office of the corporation, 51S Montgomery st.,
corner of Commercial. San Francisco, on
WEDNESDAY, January 4th. 1899, at 7:30
o'clock p. m.. for the purpose
of electing directors for the ensuing year,
presentation of the tenth annual report and
the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
Books are now open for subscription to
1000 shares of stock n* the eleventh series-
loans made in San Francisco and Alameda
Counties only; interest 6 . pe^ cent per an-
num, free of mortgage tares, premium 20
per cent gross, or 50 cents per share in-
stallments, at pleasure of borrower, which
amounts to $12 50 per month f*"^ each $1000
, net cash received by the boi ower; this sum
paying both principal and interest; loans
may be repaid at any time desired. By or-
der of the Board of Directors.
THOMAS J. WELSH, President.
A. SBARBOCO. Secretary.
SPRING Valley Water Works. San Francisco,
December 28. IS9B.— The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Works will be held at the office of the
company, 126 Stockton st., San Francisco,
California, at 12 o'clock noon on WEDNES-
DAY, the 11th day of January. 1890, to elect
trustees to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business
as may come before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Sumdum Chief Mining Company
will be held at the office of the company,
room 3. Hobart building. 532 Market st., San
Francisco, Cal.. on FRIDAY, the 6th day of
January, 1599. at the hour of 2 o'clock p. in.,
. for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve during the ensuing year and
the transaction of such other business as may
. come tefor; the meeting.
H. G. STEVENSON, Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' Meeting— The annual meet-
ing of 'he stockholders of the California Dry-
dock Company will be held at the office of
the company. No. 802 California street. San
Francisco, California, on MONDAY. January
9, 1899, at 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may properly come before
the meeting. W. F. RUSSELL. Secretary.
Office No. 302 California street, room 3
San Francisco, Cal., Dec. 24. 1898.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of The Hlbernla Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
Bts., San Francisco, Dec. 28, 1898.— At a regu-
lar meeting of the board of directors of this
society, held this day, a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three and one-half
(3%) per cent per annum on all deposits for
six months ending December 31, 1898, free
from all taxes, and payable on and after
January 1, 1899.
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Security Savings Bank. 222
Montgomery St.. Mills building. For the half
year ending December 31. 1898, dividends on
term deposits at the rate of four (4) per cent
per annum, and on ordinary deposits at the
rate of three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
per annum, free of taxes, will be payable on
and after January 3, 1899.
S. I, ABBOT JR.. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery St., corner of Sutter. The
board of directors declared a dividend for the
half year ending December 31. 1898, at the rate
of four (4) per cent per annum on term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
"per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, and payable on and after Tuesday.
January 3, 1599. Dividends not called for are
added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal from and after January 1,
1899. CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Tb- German Savings
and Loan Society, CCG California St.— For the
half year ending December 31, IS9B. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum on term deposits and
three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum
on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and alter Tuesday. January 3, 1899.
GEORGE TOUKNY. Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, IS
Geary St.— The directors have declared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: 4 per ■ cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after January 3. 1599.
ERNEST BRAND. Sec.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage, at 520 Lak» st., San Francisco,
Cal., has received the following orphans, half-
orphans and abandoned girls from October 1
to December 31, 1S98: Jessie Willis,, 11 years;
Lillla Willis. 8 years 7 months; Hazel Anna
McCutcheon. 5 years 10 months; Saidy Brooks.
9 years 1 month: Eva Brooks. 6 years; Ruth
Shayer, s'. years 8' months; Sylvia
Shayer, 2 years 5 months: Ethel Hergarton,
7 years 10 months: Sarah E. Jellin, 12 years;
Elsie M. Jellin. 6 years 9 months; lona L.
Jellin, 4 years; Violet Williams, 2 years;
Louisa Zanettln, 13 years; Adellna Zanettln,
8 years; Theresa Zanettin, 5 years 6 months;
Ethel Openshaw, 9 years: Olive Openshaw, 7
years; Olive F. Berlin. 10 years; Adele G.
Kin?:. 7 years; Anna Swan, 9 years 9 months;
Charlotte Glllesple. 9 years 6 months: Jennie
Glllesple. 7 years 10 months; Julia Glllesple.
3 years 11 months: ' Amy L. Swan. 6 years 6
months; Maria Gill. 11 years; Grace GUI,- 13
years: Olivia Gill, 9 years; Margaret Johnson,
8 years. .
SPECIAL NOTlCES— Continued.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED FEMALE.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework or chil-
dren, $S to $10: also a woman wishes work
by the day, understands all kinds of work.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH house girl; good cook; best refer-
ences; city or country; $20. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
LADIES desiring first-class help of all nation-
alities can secure same by calling on or ad-
dressing MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; hotel or
boarding house; pastry and meat cooking;
best references: city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG German girl, about 15. desires a sit-
uation for light housework; no objections to
mind a baby; wages reasonable. Apply 33
Hoff aye., bet Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
PROTESTANT woman wants situation at gen-
eral housework, good cook and laundress and
good reference. 502 Stevenson st, cor. 6th.
AN experienced German nurse in confinement
and other sickness: best reference; terms rea-
SOnable. Address NURSE, 115 Eighth St.
■A RESPECTABLE woman wants home with
refined family to work out of school hours for
board and room. Box 1265. Call office.,
WANTED— By a good cook and laundress,
Swedish, work by me day, week or month;
city reference. 425'_ Grove st.
A YOUNG English woman wishes a situation
as waitress in a first-class country hotel. Box
1252, Call office. •
WOMAN wishes situation as chambermaid in
rooming house or hotel. Address or call Sl7
Mission st.
WANTED— A young woman for general house-
work In small family; wages $15. Call 817
Page st.
LADY wishes a situation doing light house
work or taking care of children. 828 A Cali-
fornia st.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes any kind of
work by the day or hour. Call at 326 Minna.
GOOD laundress wishes place in private fam-
ily, call 639 Butter ft. No cards.
GIRL about 15 to assist with housework. 1157
Valencia St.. between 22d and 23d.
SWEDISH girl wishes position in small fam-
ily. 217 A Francisco st.
TWO Kirls want general housework and cook-
ing. Call 137 Dolores st., near Fifteenth.
NEAT young Scandinavian girl wishes general
housework: wages $17. Address 119 A Langton.
WOMAN would like a place, city or country;
good cook; good references. 322 Minna st.
LADY wishes work by day, washing, ironing
arid cleaning. 5 Fourth St., ring bell.
A nkat. respectable young girl to do house-
work, wages (10 to $12. Call 909% Harrison.
YOUNG girl would like to take care of chil-
dren. Can or apply 162 Tehama st.
YOUNG lady, refined, desires position in doc-
tor's office or store. Address X., 451 Castro.
GIRL to take care of baby, light housework;
woman or girl. 46 Harriet st.
WANTED— Young German girl for general
housework: wages $12. 1924 Howard.
WANTED— A girl for light housework. Apply
at once at 851 Hayes; small family.
LADY would like few regular customers for
halrdressing, bleaching, dyeing and sham-
pooing; also beautifying face and hands.
Send order by postal. Hairdresser. 1206 Mar-
ket st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
MANAGING housekeeper in a family of re-
finement by a widow from the East; refer-
ence. Address till Jan. 3. Housekeeper. 1575
Eleventh aye.. East Oakland.
SWEDISH girl of experience wishes to care
for a child in a first-class family. 741 Thir-
teenth St.. near Fillmore.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes general house-
work for room and board. Address 142 Sixth.
THOROUGH tent Protestant woman
would like situation as nurse, seamstress or
working housekeeper. Inquire at 119 Sixth st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to do gen-
eral housework; city or country. Please call
at 313 Seventh st.
SITUATIONS WANTED — MALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 'phone Grant 186, fur-
nish the best help of all kinds at shortest
notice. 104 Geary st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office:
best help. 414 V. O'Farrell St.: tel. East 436.
SITUATION wanted— Man and wife in private
family or ranch: man to make himself gen-
erally useful, the wife to cook and do gen-
eral housework. Address W. H. H , box 1261,
Call office.
COLORED man and wife want work as cook
and coachman or nurse and coachman;
good horseman; city or country. T. Mc-
KUTCHERSON. 2256 Pacific aye., Alameda.
WANTED— Situation by a German in grocery
or wine business; can tend bar; keep books:
has had much experience. Address box 1470,
Call office.
SITUATION— First-class cutter, rtong experl-
enca and good reference, commanding good
trade; wages moderate. Address Box 1472.
Call office.
RESPECTABLE young married man wishes a
situation as janitor, day or night watchman;
good references. Address F. E. H., 1535
1 1'Farrell st.
YOUNG man wants work round private place;
can milk and be generally useful. 1264 Four-
teenth St., care MRS. MILLER.
YOUNG man want a position as attendant on
gentleman and be useful. Box 24, Call of-
fice, Oakland.
STRONG boy wants position to drive wagon
or work In a wholesale house; age 17. 1305
Mission st.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind: city or
country: understands care of horses: handy
with tools. Address box 1259. Call office.
BUTCHER— Young man wishes steady work
city or country. Address Box 1471, Call office.
IRONER wants position polisUing shirts and
collars on St. Clalr machine and good finish-
ing; 8 years' experience. T. D., 61i' Pacific st.
GERMAN-AMERICAN, steady, age IS years
from a farm, would like to find a job
in the city; is willing to work for small
wages. Box 581, Call office.
YOUNG man of good habits wishes any kind of
position; wages no object. Address box 580
Call office.
YOUNG man wishes situation in private fam-
ily; can do gardening or care for horses and
cows; speaks French and English. 3121 Six-
teenth st.
YOUNG man wishes position as bellboy or to
drive delivery wagon; best city references
Box 554, Call office.
JAPANESE boy seeks Job to do morning or
evening work In family; wages no object.
NAKA. E2IH» Jessie st.
STEADY position as night or day watchman
or any other light work, by middle-age.l
man: thoroughly honest, willing and tru.-:-
worthy; wages not so much an object as
steady Job. JOS. T.. box 575. Call Office.
STRONG young German desires situation of
any kind. BARTL.-. 282 Seventh st. : rear
house.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a situation to do
housework or as waiter; wages reasonable.
Address SOS Howard st.
WANTED— By married man of 40 years, a po-
sition of trust, where honesty is wanted; can
deposit $200 or $300 as security. Ad!ress box
558, Call office.
HKIiP WANTED FEM ILE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
Waitress, country hotel J25; waitress, coun-
try. 522 50; waitress, south, t_ - r > ft . one-half
fare: 3 waitresses, country, $i ( : head wait-
ress and side waitress, for city. J25 and $20;
2 waitresses, city. $2'i; 2 restaurant waltreses.
$0: 2 restaurant waitresses, 55: 2 chamber-
maids to wait, 520. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
MIDDLE-4GED woman who understands care
of small children; wages ?! '.' very good home.
C. R. HANSEN & Co.. | - Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
First-class family cook. $30: housegirl. Hol-
lister, $20, see party here, fare paid; house-
girl, small family. San Rafael. $20; 10 cooks
and housegirls. $20 and $25. and many girls
to do housework and assist, $12, $15 to $20.
C. R. HANSEN <*.- CO. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— A bright young woman as clerk for
this office; must speak some other language
as well as English; single woman preferred.
J. F. CROSETT tt CO., 816 Sutter st.
WANTED— Ove* 100 situations within the past
3 days to fill with -ervants of all nationalities
for almost all kinls of work at going wages.
Call and see us before going elsewhere and
take one; lots Of places. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter St.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted at MISS
WELLS' Emp. <>»'■. 1243'_ Park st.. Alameda.
WANTED— A neat young girl to attend door
afternoons be: 1 and 6 o'clock: wages $6. Ap-
ply ISI2 Washington st.. on Wednesday, be-
tween 3 and 5 o'clock; references.
'V Z. HELP Continued.
GERMAN or Swedish girl waitress: private £
family; wages $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter. I
WAITRESS for Hanford, $20. MISS CULLEN, ,
325 Sutter st. ' , »
NURSE for invalid lady, $."> per week; country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK for San Rafael, $20. MISS
CULLEN, ■ 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN or French second girl; must be good
seamstress; wages $25. MISS CULLEN 325
Sutter st. I
CHAMBERWORK and sewing, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
INFANT'S nurse, $25. HISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st. r _
RESTAURANT waitress. $15 per month; no
Sunday work. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
6 HOUSEWORK girls, $25 each: city and
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS for restaurant; $6 per week. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. .:
2 SECOND girls; $20 each. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. - r .
NURSEGIRL: sleep home; $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ■:■'*' __
GIRL for general housework for Modesto; $20.
MISS CULLEN, 826 Sutter st.
2 COOKS, $35 and $30: 6 second girls. $25, $20
and $15; 3 waitresses, $20 each; 2 chamber- •
maids, $20 and $15; 12 housework girls, $25,
$20 and $15; several young girls to assist in
light housework, $15 and $10. MISS CL_-
LEN. 325 Sutter St. . '"■
WAITRESS, institution, $22 50; city girl to as-
sist in kitchen and dining-room work, $18:
short distance; see party 11 o'clock. MRS
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
COOK, institution, $40; working housekeeper.
institution, $25; must be German or Scandi-
navian with references. MRS. NORTON. 313 *
. Sutter st. ;
3 COOKS. $25 each; 2 second girls, $20 each;
nurse, $15; young girl to assist. $10. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. .
8 HOUSE girls. $20 and $15; 6 house girls.
$25 each; house girl, San Rafael, $20: middle-
aged woman, $15; middle-aged woman, $12.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED operators on new high-speed
machines in our white and flannel shirt de-
partments; also a limited number for In-
structions. Apply Wednesday STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, Gough and Grove sts. ;
OPERATORS on white and flannel overshirts:
a few inexperienced hands taken and taught. .
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36^ Fremont St. . '.
YOUNG lady stenographer and typist; must be
thorough and willing to assist in office; state
references. Address WORK, box 1284, Call..
WANTED— A young girl to assist in light '
housework: wages $8 to $9; good home. Call
at 344 Sixth St. .
WANTED— A young woman for music hall; a
good position for the right party. Address
box 1262. Call. ■
WILLING girl, about 16. assist light house-
work; small family; Pi. 845 Pine st., near
Mason. • ■
WANTED — Cook, who is also to assist in ■
housework; good wages. 2307 Broadway, near
Fillmore. ■ - . .
NEAT woman for general housework; wages
$10 per mo. 129 Hartford, nr. Twentieth and • ,
Castro. •_ "
GOOD clerk for candy store; must understand
her business. Call at SCHAEFER'S. 22 Sixth.
WAITRESS for restaurant. 272 Brannan St..
near Second; no Sunday work.
GIRL wanted, with some experience, to wait
at table. Apply 129 Fourth st.
WANTED— A girl about 16 for light house-
work. 1406 Polk St., second floor.
NEAT girl to assist in housework; $10. 800
Hampshire St., corner Twentieth. >
WANTED— Perfect 36 cloak model. Address *
box 1257, Call.
A COMPETENT girl for general housework
and cooking at 2616 California st.
GOOD finishers and apprentices on custom ;
coats. 206 Minna st.
GOOD pants finisher wanted at 935 Market St.. .
room 16. '
YOUNG girl for general housework. 1831 Eddy.
NEAT young girl to assist in light housework. ■?,
Apply GROCERY, cor. Larkin and Green 6ts.
WANTED— for light work in store, $3 a
week. Apply 627 Union st., bet. 10 and 11. y
— Competent girl to do cooking; ref-
erences required. Apply between 12 and 2,
1910 Washington st.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework.
635 Ellis st. ■
WANTED — Lady to pose as artist's model; ex-
cellent remuneration. Address R. S.. box
556. Call office.
LADIES and girls to learn embroidery and
take home piece work. 706 Ellis st.
MIDDLE-AGED working housekeeper for
small country hotel. Particulars at 621 Tay-
lor aye., Alameda: Webster street station.
2 WEEKS' sewing free, beginning this week.
Keister Tailoring College. 424 Geary st.
NEAT young girl to care for children. Apply
SIS Hayes st.
WANTED — First-class operators on gents*
white shirts. ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia.
YOUNG girl to assist; sleep home. 3530 Twenty-
third st. .
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free: patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 'Phone Grant 185
Foreman bread baker, also second baker who
thoroughly understands milk and all kinds of,
Vienna bread, best wages; clerk and assist-
ant barkeeper, with hotel experience and ref- .
erences, for a country hotel, $30 and found; • ■
•night bellman, $18 to $20; upstairs porter,
hotel, city; cook, $S a week; cook, $40; kitchen
help, $20 to $25. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104
Geary st. .
SHIP railroad men Friday for Skaguay; fare
$12 50. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents; ..
WANT TO-DAY
15 more woodchoppers. $1 and 70c a cord: 25
tie makers, Sc, 9c and 10c each; 6 farm hands
and choremen, $15 and $20 and found; man
and wife, private place, $30 and found; handy
man and run steam pump for an institution.
$15 and found. MURRAY & READY. 634-
-636 Clay st.
— — __— — — —^—^— — — — — — — — —
GARDENER, for private place, $25 and found;
see boss at our office, 9 a. m. to-day. MUR-
RAY _ READY, 634-636 Clay st. •
COOKS, waiters, dishwashers — 6 cooks, restau-
rants, hotels, etc., $8 week, $35 and $40 and
found; 3 waiters, different country hotels, $25
and found: dishwashers, etc. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— for first-class private
place near city, $40 per month and found;
references required. W. D. EWER & CO.'.
626 Clay st. ' , . ■
WANTED— Young man with some knowledge
of chemistry, for a wholesale house in city;
*"> to $50 per month, according to ability.
AY. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Office boy. $2 50 week: 2 miners,
$40 and board; man and wife, private family,
$32 50; vineyard man and wife: restaurant
cooks, $8 and $10 week; Japanese butler. : $30
and found: and others. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Butler, country, $40; 2 butlers, city.
$35 and $40; cook,- restaurant, $50; cook. Chop
house, $30; cook, small boarding-house, $30; „.
waiter, first-class house, . $35; omnibus, $25;
dishwasher. $20: waiter, country, $25, etc.
' ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
WANTED for the U. S. Army— Able-bodied
unmarried men between ages of 21 and 35,
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who can speak,
read and write English. For information ap-
ply to recruiting officer, 425 Montgomery st.,
San Francisco, Cal.
TO go this week— pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new. from ROn to $1 : new shoes, slight- ■
ly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission st.,
bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver. House, 217 Third 6t. : 150 large
rooms. 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
- ,
$15 TO $30 a week and expenses paid to sell ci- i
gars: experience unnecessary-; extra induce- r.'
ments. W. L. KLINE CO., St. Louis, Mo. (
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission /
St., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per ' 'll
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
TWO gardeners can find work. Inquire Pacific ■ /
Nursery, cor. Baker and Lombard sts. • /
YOUNG men, seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths I
, for ships. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. V
YOUNG man, with 4or 5 months* experience /
In barber business. Apply Call office. ,'..!
WANTED— Boy for gent's furnishing goods; f
10 to 12 a. m. 106 Third 'st. ; -
WANTED— Young steady waiter for coffee and I
lunch house. 32 Sixth st.
ERRAND boy with good^ recommendation
ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia st. •
BOY to work In store. 907 Mission St.- 12 per I
week. v ||
FIRST-CLASS plumber. HUFSCHMIDT 6*>3 1
Golden Gate aye. |
BOY to learn the bakery trade: one apeaklne-' I
German preferred. Call 326 Broadway. " §>|>j-
BOY wanted in printing office! 50« Market st. **
room 2. ' - .
GOOD barber wanted; steady work. '791 Mia. -
. slon st. -." HELP XV* ISTED— Continued.
. RECRUITS wanted for the United ".States Ma-
.' rine Corps, United States, navy; 'able-bodied.
. ' unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declnred their In-
tention to become such; must lie of good char-
'•• acter anl habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet a Inches
and 6 ieet in height. For further information
apply at tlie Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis st,,
San Fr: -Cisco. Cal. .
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise ' California Orange Syrup; $2
per day and expenses; cash every week; par-
ticulars for C-cent stamp- CALIFORNIA
ORANGE SYRUP CO San I nelsco, Cal,
IWJknTED-^arriage and si^h painter. For par-
ticulars call at 2137 Dwlght .way, Berkeley.
FIXISHKiTaT22~<:iay St. MYSELL-ROLLINS
CO., bookbinders., . . -
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m'V H. Bernard; Pec. 104 7*h; tel. Jessie 11«4.
MEN to learn barber trade; "easy terms. 1142
Market st. _ ■ '
jIK.V and women to learn barber trade at. San
Franolsoo Barber College, 13Sft Eighth St.
WA.RBERS" Association Free Employment
Office. : S. FUCHS. Sec. 323 Grant aye.
TRY l.innVl! House. Sixth and Howard sts.;
thoroughly renovated; "'<o rms.: I.'-.'. 23e night.
SINGLE rooms, 18c 20c, !."c per night; 75c, $t
!to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. SG3U Market St.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, ' ne, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. S2l Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 937 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a ror.m: 2Ec a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. ti third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 2"-c night: reading-room; free
'bins and baeratre to nml from the ferry.
' • AGENTS WANTED.
FIRST-CLASS side line for canvassinsr agents.
.■|>HEATER WEST ADV. & NOV. CO., Dept.
." :A-!,. Oakland Cal.
-. RELIABLE ncents. who want a good seller.
■ '■■■-» A. H. WILSON. San Jose. Cal.
•V; PARTNERS WANTED.
. ' Jl W^'PARTNKR wanted to take orders for dtf-
ferfTit. good soiling articles: German preferred. ■
'. -.-Address box SSS, Call office.
HOUSES WANTED.
•WAX-TED — Furnished cottage, about 6 rooms:
'. . modern conveniences: Western Addition pre-
■ : ;.-ferrf.'. Bnx 4*2, Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
L'AD.Y would exchange lesson*— English, elo-
cution — for sunny, unfurnished room. T., j
■ ■ ■ n M. •■ O.
•..' WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
' XRW Stud°hnker phaeton, worth $250, will sell
' . vheap, 1712 Eddy street.
WANTED— Five old muskets and one watch
■1.-. R. DONOHTE. 119 Bush St.
• . MEDICAL.
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk .st . has returned
■ to Ihe city and resumed business; a sure and I
"Fafe-cure for all female diseases from what-
ever'cause: all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
■cases before going elsewhere; they will find
.her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; • (faction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St.. between
Hyde and Larkln.
ALL- cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
■ sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable speciali—- free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk st., near Jones.
ALL cf Dr. (let's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure. for all female diseases; poai-
tlvely safe and sure; no danger of after ef- j
fects: taken .time it also acts as a pre- !
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by mall ■
■ en receipt of price: consultation on all special ;
•!! -w?*s free. WALLER BROS., 23 Grant |
. aye., S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
•elsewhere write us.
NEW. process sent for female troubles: no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing: I
every; woman her own physician; safe and
" Furi;:'no medicine or Instruments used: con-
" sultati'in free; pills and capsules, $1: cure $5.
. .By the' ell-known ladles' physician for 27 i
-.' years." Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
.. .A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
' case's 'of monthly Irregularities from whatever
: . '. ra-us«?;.no instrument." used: guaranteed cure
. * et fi/fice, $."; travelers helped instantly: hours .
. S> 3. m. -t.* 5 p. m MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122
V :ilarfce:fst., br>t.- Mason and "Taylor. '
:-.AIL"MEXTS— Ladies in trouMe see Drs. Good-
•- ' win free; reliable, ife and sure: cure in 24
.• ':hours guaranteed; any complaints; no instru- '
rri-jjt.'s; maternity home; best medical at- I
.tenaance: cure. $3. Removed from 401 D Van
-■ Ness to IS62A Mkt..het. Jones & City Hall ay.
| DR. G." W,' O'DONNKLL. world-renowned spe- j
.clallst; " all monthly irregularities restored:
whatever cause; all cases relieved immedlate-
' .•:'ly; call or write; confidential: 1023 ft Market.
ALLm'arrlerl ladies know 'Seguro." the greatest
• boon'to them. RICHARDS ■■ C 0..406. .406 Clay St.;
■ $ITO. SAnd :V 'stamp for circulars to SEGU-
■P.O.MFG. CO.. 531 k st.. Sacramento. Cal.
' DR.- and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
a,ve. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort: be.n care nml attendance; terms
modern te; infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female: troubles: n..? anger; safe cure; $2 50:
. Vxprisssd C. O. D.; dnn't lelay until too late.
. ,-qSOOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. L. S. BI'RT. massage and electric treat-
ments: positive cure for nervousness, neural- j
gia "and rheumatism. 3."v. S. Spring, Los A.
* MRS. ACHAP.D, midwife; pleasant sunny home
, in confinement, lffi Second st. ; tel. Green .'2. ;
. Beftevue Sanitarium Ladies cared for during
lemeht. 727 Bellerue aye.. Los Angeles.
DENTISTS.
VAX VROOM ■•. Dental Parlor— BesT~work^at
•lowest prices. Full set of teeth $0 up; fillings
23c up. All work absolutely ptdn'ess: written |
guarantee; painless extraction" by electricity
our eolalty; ten skilled operators; no stu-
■ dents:. the largeet and handsomest dental par-
lors west' of -'Chicago: open evening and all
•lay Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market ns.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber: full set of teeth, $5; crowns, 13; flll-
• ings, BOe; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all i
work; no students employed; extracting free .
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern' Dental Parlors, corner Market an 1 ]
Mason »ts. Entrance 8 Mason St.
A FULL set of teeth. $3; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
Ital Parlors, 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns 12, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAX VROIM Electro Dental Parlors; full «et
of teeth. $5 up; fillings. 25c up; all work pain-
less ar.d guaranteed to atand; open evenings.
W7 Market St., corner Sixth.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings,' 23c; 22k. gold
• crowns-. $3; gold bridge, $5; plates repaired;
pain extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS. JC9 Mission st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work, and fillings a
: "specialty; all work reasonable-; gas given.
■ SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841' Polk St..
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth
J4; filling, gold. 50c: r-llver. 25tr; crowns, $3.
LOST.
LOST— On New Year's eve, ladles' gold-filled
Elgin hunting case watch; engraved "M" on
front, "1S98" on back; $10 reward. Address
box 1263, Call office.
I.OST— Friday, on or near Broadway dock,
second mate's license for steam. Please re-
turn to 54 Jackson st. •
PARROKEET, Dec. 26. called Tanteßeka;good
reward offered. 734 . Montgomery st.
IX)ST— A white and liver colored pointer bitch;
_ tag 2197. . Return to 532 Harrison St.; reward.
• I^-ST— Monday, gold locket with letter "F" in
• Jiamond?. Return to Dr. Fltzglbbon, 21
i'owell st., and receive reward.
IXl.ST— Diamond out of ring, between Lombard
.■■rid .' '-. ■.::■ -;■-■ Liberal reward at 68 Clay st.
CiRPET CLEANING.
. CITY Bteam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays -carpets. C, H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
28 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-3.')? Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth at.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCH Carpet-cleaning Co., 140 14th
st.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
' CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
'. fiate aye.. tPI. East I?fi
'. STORAGES.
A NEW fireproof brick bldg.; cut rates. BCRIB-
, NER & CO.. 114 Mlsßlon St., bet. 7th and Bth.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main S7l&
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s7so; CORNER grocery and bar, with living
rooms; rent $25; choicest locution in Mission;
nr. 16th st.; fine bargain; owner to leave for
Australia, wilkk & UXFUG. 906 Market st.
$300— SALOON and restaurant close to S. P.
depot; a splendid paying business: rent $20.
Inquire WILKE & UXFUG, 906 Market.
A— s23o; LAUNDRY route clearing $125 month.
Call WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market at.
$500; SALOON, established 8 years, with 8
rooms; rent $66: close to Call building; aver-
age daily receipts $20; owner bought hotel in
Sacramento; bargain. WILKE & UNFUG,'
SO6 Market st. .
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years; doing good-paying business; death of
owner cause of sale; 4 living rooms; rent $45.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A 11600; GROCERY and bar: fine location;
large trade: stock will invoice price asked:
call and get special explanation why this is
a first-class paying business: you will buy.
S. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market st.
A— s4so; CANDY factory, with finely fitted up
retail store; good trade; low rent: Investigate
this. S. H. GOULD & CO.. 632 Market st.
A— s3oo; RESTAURANT and bar on water front:
right man can coin money In the place; do
not fail to Investigate this. S. H. GOULD &
CO.. 632 Market st.
A 1369 delicacy and dairy produce in large
market; good horse and wagon. KREDO &CO
A— s6ooo; BAZAAR: will Invoice price asked;
best town on coast; clears $300.KREDO & CO.
A— s43oo; DRUG store; value In stock: $40 daily;
best in city. KREDO & CO., 22ft Geary st.
A— ssso; grocery and bar; fine living rms.; good
cor. for business. KREDO & CO., 22ft Geary.
NOTICE— To buy or sell a business of any
kind bee MENZEL & CO., 7 Grant aye.
$250— DELICATESSEN store; good location;
pays well; living rooms connected; good rea-
son for Felling. MEXZEL & CO., 7 Grant aye.
HOO— PARTNER wanted in established com-
mission business; will clear $50 to $75 month !
each. See MENZEL & CO., 7 Grant aye.
$120— GROCERY and bar; Central South Mar-
ket; 4 living rooms; rent $1S; owner there 15 j
years; must sell; a snap. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
WANTED— Sober, steady man with small capi-
tal to take half interest in paying business;
established 20 years. Apply 765 Market, rm. 1.
i Grocery and bar; 4 rms. : cheap rent; bar-
gain. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
$330— SALOON, board and lodging house on
city front: bargain on --count of sickness.
MCLAUGHLIN & C 0... 777 Market street.
$200— BRANCH bakery, delicatessen; one of the
best bargains in the city; great sacrifice;
must be sold. JONES, 865 Market st.
PARTNER wanted In good saloon doing big
business; owner must go to Germany; full in-
vestigation allowed; rare chance to right
man; will trade for city real estate and pay
difference. Address Box 1260, Call office.
Stationery store for sale; $400 cash;
must be sold this week; other business; Ad-
dress box 1266, Call office.
$100 — NEAT office business for sale; owner
leaving city. Box 1264, v Call office.
GOOD second-hand store; ladles' and gents'
clothes; retiring; cheap. 505 Union st.
BARBERS notice — paying 5-cent shop for
sale. 602 Clay st.
WELL stocked candy store; must sell at once.
187 Seventh st. Will sell cheap.
FOR Sale— Model Restaurant. 1212 ft Polk st. ;
on account of sickness. Apply Immediately.
SALOON, with 8 rooms: sell cheap on account
of sickness. Call at 677 1 ? Mission st.
SHOE shop, doing good business: cheap rent;
business locality; reasonable. 332 Bush st.
PARTNER for hand laundry; $90 work a week.
Address box 577, Call office.
WANTED— In city or country for
11000. Box 471, Call office, Oakland.
2 LADIES and gents to represent us: salary
and commission. 136 Sixth St.. room 2.
PARTNER wanted; good paying saloon; must
be sold at once; sickness. Inquire 701 Mission.
RESTAURANT for sale; a bargain: ! living
rooms; rent reasonable. 108 ft Eighth st.
WANTED— A lady or gentleman with $2000
capital; one with theatrical experience pre-
ferred, to accompany company to New York
to produce new play in March; responsible
references given. Address box 544. Call office.
FINE little saloon; must sell, account of leav-
ing city. 306 Minna et.
. CIGAR store: cheap; 2 rooms; must sell at
once. 1733 Mission st.
WANTED— parties with $1000 each to Join
advertiser In business where investment and
services will yield handsome revenue. Box
676, Call office.
MACHINE shop foundry must be sold Im-
mediately; death proprietor. Address 340 Oak.
GOOD paying saloon for sale; open nil night.
Inquire liquor store, 791 and 795 Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and beat In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the I
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
$150— NEW FURNITURE 7 ROOMS
Worth $300
35 rooms, $630, cash price $1300
36 rooms, clears $300, price '. UOO
26-room house; rent $50 750
6- room flat; rent $22 250
14 rooms; on Sutter st 450
f2 rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2500
12 rooms; on Market St.; rent $40 450
10-room house; only 160
21 rooms; corner; clears $130 550
46-room house; corner 1200
Abstracts furnished showing clear title.
No contract from buyer or seller required.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
KREDO & CO mi Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms, Taylor; rent only $35 $325
10 rooms, Powell; new and nice 600
10 rooms, Eddy; best little transient 500
1? rooms, elegantly furnished: boarding — 850
12 rooms, Ellis st.; clears $50 500
13 rooms, all new; Howard st GOO
14 rooms, all bay windows; corner 800
2" rooms, Mission; housekeeping £00
22 roooms, best corner in city ISOO
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
BARGAIN; lodging house; new furniture;
clearing $250 a month. LOWENSTEIN, 34
Kearny st., rooms 10-11. *
A— slooo— 7o-ROOM corner lodging house; posi-
tively clears $100. At SPECK & CO.'S. 602
Market m
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
enrts. harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
riay. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SET second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
bug-glee, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS. englnesT 2d-hand machinery. Mo-"
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
FOR belting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys,
etc., call CAL. BELT. CO., tel. Br. 331.
619 Mission st.
FINE Wheeler & Wilson sewing machine, $10;
guaranteed. 2006 A Howard St., near Kith.
CAL. Belting Co.. mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
ther: pulleys cvr'd. 519 Mission; tel. Br. 331.
FRUIT store with a horse and wagon, at your
price. Call 614 Post st.
GOOD fresh milking cow for sale. 1625 San
Bruno road.
WINDMILL in first-class order; large tank,
brass pump, etc. 711 Treat aye.
FOR SALE— Manila monkey; female; gentle.
Address Monkey, box 1258, Call.
FINE thoroughbred Great Dane pups; 6 weeks
old: full pedigree given. 216ft Sixth St.; cheap.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash register,
scales, coffee mills, etc., bought and sold; es-
tlmates given. J. BCHWERDT, 821 Mission.
SANDWICH wagon; good stand and business;
for sale. Apply 17 Turk st.
$15— DOMESTIC sewing machine; good order-
complete. 1915 Mission St., near Fifteenth.
AM. Iron Wks.. 515 Sixth— Second-hand Deane
duplex pump, 7ftxlO; 24-ln. planer & matcher.
FOR SALE— 2 houses to be removed corner
Polk and Willow aye.; 1 8 rooms and bath; 1
6 rooms and bath. O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 Montgomery st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st.,
above Sixth.
FIRE proof safe for sale; cheap. 42 Main
street. ' ■.
A C H. P. gasoline marine engine; almost new;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
TOOLS & machinery, every description, bought,
sold & exchanged; send postal. 648 Mission.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
ONE and 1 bowl barber washstands. cheap.
HUFPCHMIDT. C 23 Golden Gate aye.
SEWING MACHINES."
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds * bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, AVEDNESDAY, JAXUAET 4, 1899.
PERSONALS.
JOSEPH OREVEN, vocal Instructor, has
proved that by his recent discoveries he can
cure the weakest, faultiest voices and develop
them to the greatest power and beauty; con-
sultation of 20 minute*. $2 50; tirm? per
month moderate. For further particulars call
rooms 121 and 122, Murphy building, corner
Market and Jones sts. ; reception hours,
Wf.lnesdays and Saturdays, 2 to 3.
L MARTIN IPSEN. will not be responsible for
any debts contracted by my wife, Nellie
Ipsen, she having left my bed.
STAMPS for collections bought, sold and ex-
changed; albums. W. SELLSCHOPP & CO.,
US Stockton st.
THE MODERN. 34 4th, nr. Mkt.— Baths, 32»:c;
__separut(- entrance tor ladles; flrst-olass.
LBDERER 7 ! QUINONIA gives a healthy
growth to the hair and a fine gloss; 35c bot-
tle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.; try lt^
LEDEHKH, the leading hairdresser, price 2".c.
does the hair up in only the most approved
styles; switches. $1 up; LEDERER'? FOAMO,
fine shampoo, oc package. 123 Stockton st.
NOTICE TO INVESTORS^
Wave motor, the most scientific and practi-
cal one ever patented, can be seen in full
working order for a few days at MS Mission
St.; patent rights for the United States. Brit-
ish North America and Germany; this is a
rare chance for a few men with a little capi-
tal to invest in a company that will harness
the waves for work, the power of the future.
PICTURE framing with glass, now cheaper
than ever; 7x9 Inches. 10c; 10x12. 15c: 12x16,
20c: 14x17, 25c; 16x20, 80c; 18x22. 35c: 20x24, 4oc:
22x28, 60c; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings, 15c; room molding.i all
colors, lc per foot: colored pictures, studies,
etc.. 3 for 10c. JONES. 547 Mission St., bet.
First and Second. Open evenings.
NATURAL healing method; employed with
great success to cure rheumatism. Influenza,
all catarrhs and any kind of chronic disease:
treatment if desired at home; best of refer-
encos. Box 674. Call office.
CRITERION Reglna graphophone and slot ma-
chine repairing; work warranted. Address
H62Vi Seventh st., Oakland.
I ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
j House. 4» Third st. near Market; 200 rooms;
j 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order: wholesale and retail; coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO.. 313 Sutter^
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom^
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMQP, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LADIES wishing to learn to rut and fit dresses
perfectly should consult MRS. HAMILTON,
Jf,2Vi Fourth st.: one month's sewing free to
all who begin during January^
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week: perfect fitting
pattern". McDowell School, 101 Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market: men and women teachers.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION !
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
The celpbrated medium and clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees It all. t^lls you all and
instantly gives you peace and happiness. She
never asks a question, but before you utter a
word she tells you In full of all that you are
interested in: business, speculation, love,
marriage, divorce, tells of friends nnd ene-
mies locates mines and burled treasures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
ehe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
All correspondence t-acredly confidential.
Treatment and consultation by mall always
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1104 Market St.. P. F.. The Vendome.
ATTENTION— I do not locnte mines, hidden
treaeurfp. nor give lottery numbers, hut if
you are in trouble mil nco>l help come to
me. A'lvtoe given on all subjects: valuable
Information given to users of mornhlne. Five
questions answered hv mall. $1. LEANDER.
King of Mediums, SIS Eddy st.
A MRB. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reacier. medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
j free: sittings fl. 232 . ; ': tcton it
MRS. MENA FRANCES. Indppendent slate
writing medium. lIS Halpht St.
MRS. KATE HOBKINS trance medium: read-
ings dally, $1. 312 S. Spring st., Los Angeles.
| MRS. ELLIS: tps;^ to all; Tue« -Frl.. 2 p. m.;
Mon. 8; 2."c: sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
~ CLAIRVO IT ANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLAHK.
Permanently Located In San Francisco,
At 1023V4 Market Street.
Between Sixth and Seventh.
While entranced elves aid and advice which
; will overcome your enemies, remove family
i troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with tbe one you love no failure, remove Influ-
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
standing and mysterious diseases; will give cor-
rect Information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Eend stamp for circular, with special terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1023H Market st.
RETURNED— Mrs. Mandena, medium and
palmist; readings this week, 25 cents; satis-
faction uuaranteed. 2344 Sixth St.
CLAIRVOYANT enrd readings; 10c: ladies
only. 543 Natomfl St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card readeT;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, rm. 10.
MADAME AUGUST, clalr. oyßnt, card reader,
palmist; truth or no pay; 2'c. ll.'O Mission.
EVELYN FOWLER, mind reader and palm-
ist. Call 12n Ellis st.. room 4.
BLANCHE DE CHAPKLLE, card reading
417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1169 Mission, nr. Bth.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
render; 2.> up. 73 Fourth St.. n»nr Mission.
MME. DR. A.'.NA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fession, hat* removed to 218 Stockton St.
MME. RAVEXA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, ha* op^npd an office at 315 O'Farrell.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Husiness College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practices, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
A SINGING ana operatic training school, Paris
graduate; course opens Jan. 5; term, 6 mo.,
$75; languages, French and Spanish, begin
Jan. 5; course, $30; special training during
second term for Paris Exposition. 1900. Rooms
6 and 20, Meremitlle l/ldg.. 530 Golden Gate ay.
ROBERT F. GALLAGHERS Practical Short-
hand and Typewriting School; court reporter
17 years; pupils qualified to beoourt reporters;
terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
Parrott building, roomß 430-31-32.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market St.; indi-
vidual instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etr. ; life scholarship, $50; low rates
per week and month.
SPECIAL Instruction, penmanship, bookkeep-
ing and English; prep, for high Rchools and
universities. Call 11 a. m. to 3 p, m., 7 to 9 p.
m., r. 454 Parrott bldg.. TRUITT & MILES.
SPECIAL Instruction, penmanship, bookkeep-
ing and English; preparation for high schools
and universities. Call II a. m. to 3 p. m., 7
to 9 p. m.. room 4.".4, Parrott building.
WANTED— Contralto finger for St. Paul's
Episcopal Church. Apply to J. B. WAR-
RURTON, Itttt Fourth st.. between 1 and 3
o'clock.
PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission, nr. Sixth— Violin,
mandolin, guitar, juvenile class. $1 monthly;
guitarists wanted for mandolin club; no dues.
A LADY teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly:
EOc hour: excellent pianist & accompanist for
entertainments and vocalists. 12C9 Octavla st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, meeh. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve ;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, !»33 Market.
ZITHER lessons given by Max Maler, 526 Turk
Bt., bet. Larktn and Polk; zithers, music and
strings always on hand.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory In
Leipslc; lessons. 7f.c. 110 Hyde Bt.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSEK LANE. 3941 24th st.
SAN FRANCIBOO Husiness College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
TYPEWRITERS. ~~~
All typewriters sold arid rented, few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER* CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, S2S; Callgraph, $15; Yost, $25;
| get sample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery at.
HOUSES TO LET.
I A— Send for circular; houses to let all parts of
j city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
PERRY. 212ft— Bay-window house, 4 rooms;
rent $12 50; water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., Incorporated.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
;
COTTAGES TO LET.
ELLIS. 1519—4 rooms, yard and cellar. $14;
2253 Geary. 5 rooms, bath, $12.
FLATS TO LET.
A— (10 TO 30 days tree)— Nice, clean flats. $7
to $11, At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market.
| BIRCH aye.. 6078, above Octavia— 2 flats, 4
I rooms and bath; rent $10 and $12.
CHEAPEST flat in the city, 1120 A Leaven-
worth st.,; 8 rooms and bath. MADISON &
BURKE.
GROVE. 1615, near Lyon — Sunny cozy 6 rooms,
bath; rent $16; Golden Gate Park.
MODERN 7-room flat; will rent cheap to a re-
liable family. 1129 McAllister st.
NICE sunny corner flat, 7 rooms and bath; rent
$24. 1338 Hayes st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
| gomery st.
i $15— FLAT 6 rooms and bath at SW corner of
Ellis and Scott sts.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A — SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms com-
; plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 in
| kitchen and lin bedroom, with suit to match;
I furniture all new; $3 per week, $11 per month;
i suitable for 3 or 4 persons. Apply at shoe
store, 662 Mission st., between First and Sec-
ond sts. ; no children.
BRYANT, 511—2 large sunny housekeeping
rooms; running water; rent reasonable.
i CAPP, — 2 sunny rooms, upstairs, complete
for housekeeping; bath.
j CLAY, 2419, near Flllmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water; rear; $7. i
| EDDY, 624 ft— unfurnished rooms, with yard;
$5.
j -* _
: EDDY, 915—2 large furnished sunny rooms; fine
location; private residence.
EDDY, 917— Desirable sunny connecting house-
keeping rooms; upper floor; private residence.
FIFTH, 353— Clean sunny furnished housekeep-
ing suites, $12 to $20; single, $5.
FOLSOM, 870— Nice sunny front room for com-
plete housekeeping; cheap.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Suite of 3
tunny unfurnished rooms, with gas range.
HARRISON, 731— Three rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; rent $12.
: IVY aye., 404— Furnished sunny front room,
'• kitchen and others.
LEAVENWORTH, 811, near Sutter— 4 sunny
rooms; bath, furniture; couple; no children;
references.
MARKET, Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet; $12.
MARTHA pi.. 4, off Geary, bet. Mason and
Taylor— 2 large unfurnished rooms, $10.
MASON, Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window rooms; housekeeping and single.
MASON, 1011 ft— rooms; furnished for house-
keeping; kitchen, bedroom and sitting room;
2 closets, pantry and yard; $12; Erie place en-
trance.
McALLISTER, 14, room Large handsomely
furnished room for rent; furniture for sale
cheap.
" McALLISTER, Large sunny front room
and kitchen.
I McDERMOTT place. 1. off Jones, bet. Eddy and
Turk — sunny housekeeping rooms.
MINNA, — Two or. three housekeeping rooms
complete; suite of rooms with grate.
MINNA, 545— Furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping; sun all day.
MISSION, ■■■!" Kitchen and front room, with
folding; complete for housekeeping.
XATOMA, 637%— Front rooms furnished for
housekeeping: range; complete; also single.
OAK. 119 — 1 front sunny room complete for
light housekeeping, $5.
SIXTH. 420— Bay-window housekeeping suite
complete; $11 anil $10; water; closets; bath.
THIRD, 143— Runny housekeeping rooms; com-
plete; first floor; corner; bath; gas.
TO LET— I 27 Second st.; nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping and single room.
TURK. 35—3 unfurnished connecting rooms for
housekeeping; gas, running water; reasonable.
VAN NESI 1021— Front sunny suite. 2 or 3
rooms; kitchen, gas range, bath.; references.
ROOMS TO LET.
ALASKA pi., 5, off Mason, nr. Comfort-
able furnished room for lady as companion
for small girl; rent light.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single: first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
BURNETT, 136J Market st— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass houua direct from all trains.
BUSH, 805— Nicely furnished sunny rooms, suit-
able for couple; $8 per month.
COLTON House, 220 Third— Single suites; light
housekeeping; $5 up; brick building: yard.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
EDDY. Nicely furnished sunny room for
gentleman.
FIFTH. 438 (Mechanics' House)— Rooms, single
or suite. $1 wk. up; transient. F. W. Gardener.
FOLSOM, 1136—3 large rooms; kitchen and
bath room; sunny;. $15.
GEARY, 14A— Nice sunny bay-window suite
and other rooms; day, week or month: cheap.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 2617—1 large sunny front room fur-
nished or unfurnished.
NINTH. 124—1 sunny front room and others;
reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
PINE, 514 A, near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate.
PINE, 1227—3 large sunny unfurnished rooms
over parlor floor, with bath.
POWELL, 317— Fomerly "Cosmos Club"—
gantly furnished rooms: reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON. Newly furnished suite; also
single; telephone; 'bath; central; cheap.
TAYLOR, 407— A sunny front room, nicely fur-
nished; with grate; gentlemen preferred.
$5 A MONTH— Bed and sitting room combined;
sunny: furnished. Box 569. Call office.
~^ ROOMS AND HOARD. ~"~
BUSH, Newly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms, with or without board; reason-
able.
FELL, 26—2 nicely furnished sunny rooms, with
board; reasonable; gas; gents preferred.
FIRST, Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
FOLSOM, 1530— Front room for 2; also single
room; board; home comforts.
GEARY, 721— Large alcove room, with board;
small BUnny rooms; reasonable; references.
HOTEL Fairmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture: first class In every respect; table |
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator; I
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; special rates for 2 or more.
PINE, 1006: the Victor — Beautiful, sunny
suites; single rooms, excellent board; ref.
SUTTER. 1128— Elegant room and board; loca-
tlon unsurpassed: reasonable.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD to board: pay not so much of an object
as company. 3727 Sacramento St., lower flat.
WANTED— ChiId to board; German family.
Address box MS. Call office.
( STORES TO LET.
GROCERS— large store, corner Howard
and, Russ streets; rent $35. ASHTON &
GARDINER.
~ OFFICES TO LET.
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices; single
or suite. 1206 Market st. cor. Golden Gate.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light, heat. janitor and telephone; rents $12 59
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 110.
PHYSICIAN*.
I REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, office i
I and residence, 1021 ft Market, bet. 6th and 7th, |
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, . .
jggggffiS 10 Montgomery st.
$8500 — 3 handsome new flats of 6 rooms and
bath each; large lot; Central aye.. close to
Golden Gate Park: rent $82.
$2500- : St., near Fourth; lot 25x85; 2 flats,
4 and 6 rooms; rent $25; large mortgage ($2250);
property must be sold.
$8750— Rent $87; Folsom-st. corner; 5 tenants;
lot 25x112:6; a splendid interest-paying property.
$3000 — A good cottage of 5 rooms and bath in
Mission warm belt; also cottage of a rooms in
rear; rent $S0; lot extra large.
$7250—2 fine, handsome new flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath; best portion of Devisadero st. ;
rent $62 SO; lot 25x100.
Price reduced to $2300— Business property;
Twenty-fifth St., near Church; lot 25x114; 2-story
building, containlnz store and 4 rooms; also 7
rooms and bath upstairs; baker's oven in rear
. lot.
■ $4250— Rent $40; Clay st., bet. Powell and
Mason; 3-story building, 6 rooms, bath, etc.
$2750— St., near Taylor; 2 flats of 4 and
5 rooms each; lot has 2 frontages; rent $24.
$6000— Mason St., near Sutter; house of 6 rooms
and bath. ' •
$4750— Large corner lot, 35x87:6: corner of La-
guna and Page ets. ; good location for flats.
— Best part of Western Addition (Pan-
handle District): 6 handsome new fiats of 4
rooms and bath each; large corner lot; a splen-
did income property; rent $200.
— Rent $67 50; big bargain; close to town;
Larkln st. near Ik-Jo; 3 flats of 5 and 6 rooms
each.
Powell st., near Br&adway; 2 flats of
5 and 6 rooms; rent $3S; street accepted.
$5500— Fine new residence, 8 tooms; hardwood
floors; beautifully decorated rooms; latest j
plumbing; street work accepted; 767 Cole St., ;
near Frederick; no reasonable offer refused. f
$4150— Big bargain; Jackson St., near Baker;
bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and bath; stable
in rear; lot 26x128.
HAYES-ST. FLAT.
$8250— Rent $900 per year; 3 modern flats on
Hayes st. east of Fillmore; lot 27:6x137:6.
NEW FLATS FACING THE PARK.
— Pays over 10 per cent; handsome mod-
ern flats on Oak st. ; contain all conveniences.
BALDWIN ft HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
A GOOD RESOLUTION—
PUT ASIDE $5 A MONTH
And put It where It will do the most good. Buy
a piece of real estate. The best lots for
$275 $276
$275 :
Ever offered are on Eighth, Ninth, Tenth and
Eleventh ayes., south of and not a great way
from Golden Gate Park. The terms are only
$25 cash and $5 monthly.
OVER 63 LOTS SOLD
In a very short time.
Lots and streets graded and ready for the
builders.
PARK LOTS PARK LOTS
Are bound to rise In value.
We have a branch office at Ninth aye. and
II st.
Open daily Including Sundays and holidays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.,
Regulators of Prices for Park Lots.
$20 MONTHLY will buy a new 7-room and bath
cottage with all the latest improvements:
only one block from the electric cars. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up: repair
work done; will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY.
Builder. 521 X St., Sunset District.
BENJ. H. LICHTENSTEIN, dealer in city real
estate; business property and appraisements
. a specialty. Office. 15 Grant aye.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. P." Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 844-846 Market St. ; tel. Main 1644.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. 1003% Broadway.
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 120 Powell st.
ANY amount of 6>4 per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
$15,000 IN sums to suit: reliable parties. 120
Ellis St.. room 4; until Feb. 1.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF- i
FICE, 22 Mason St., opp. Olympla Music Hall. j
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; -no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT Jo 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new piano*.
Heine upright $295 00
Stelnway upright 187 50
Chlckertng upright 235 00
Kohrner upright 115 00 -
Knabe upright 273 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Eteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
iti., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. ■
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and lnrgest houaa
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2R find 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all ether musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms ea«y; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. . ■
A FEW Bargains Until Christmas Only:
Sterling piano: rosewood case $190
Royal piano; oak case 197
Miller piano, rosewood case 193
$6 per month; guaranteed 5 years.
BENJ. CURT A Z & SON. 18 O'Farrell at.
WILLIAM O. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st.,
agent for Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis
pianos. '' '-:
A— MAGNIFICENT new Hallet & Davla up-
right: sacrificed at half price. Room 12,
, Flood building.
THE best bargain* In the city can be found
it MATTVAIB'. 709 Market st. Call and see
the • •-•■'- |ti their elegant new rooms.
A— NICE Fischer upright, $125 cash, If sold at
once. Room 21, Flood building.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 208 Post at.
A FINE Stelnway and new Chickerlng upright
sacrificed. KEEFFK'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
FINE Steinway; great bargain. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister »t., next Hlbernla Bank.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mangy. 308 Post st. .
HAINES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 11.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice ; open evgs. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels blag.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free: no fees In advance.
~~~~ ~~ PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for subsistence stores. — Office
Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco. Cal.,
January 3, IS99.— Sealed proposals for furnish-
ing and delivering of such quantities of sub-
sistence stores, as per circular to be seen at
this office, will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m., Saturday, January 14. 1899. and
opened immediately thereafter in presence of
bidders. Specifications, general instructions
to bidders and blank form of proposals will
be furnished to established dealers on appli-
cation to W. H. BALDWIN, Colonel, Pur-
chasing Commissary. U. S. V. ■
~ ~~ LEGAL NOTICES.
XOTICE~~Tb~~CREDITORS— Estat^~o7~ISAAC
S BELCHER, deceased. Notice is hereby
given by the undersigned executrix of the es-
tate of ISAAC 8. BELCHER, deceased, to
the creditors of and all persons having
claims against the said deceased, to exhibit
them, with the necessary vouchers, within
ten months after the first publication of this
notice to the said executrix, at the office
of t RICHARD ' BELCHER, Belcher building,
Marysvllle, California, the same being her
place for the transaction of the business of
the said estate. ADELINE N. BELCHER.
Executrix of the Estate of ISAAC S. BEL-
CHER, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, December 19. 1898.
RICHARD BELCHER.
Belcher building:, Marysvllle, Cal., Attorney
i for Executrix. - i
• COUNTRY; REAL ESTATE.
460 ACRES near Livermore, Alameda County;
heavy oak timber; springs; . house; fence;
value $4600; will exchange for lands or town j
property In Tehama, Shasta or Lassen coun-
ties. L. L. M. SALSBURY, 902 Broadway,
Oakland. Cal.
■\\ ANTED— Improved ranch for elegant cor-
ner 4-story brick building and lot; 62x100 ft.;
building cost 140,000: used as a first-class
hotel. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st.
FOR Country home of F. S. Wensln-
ger', 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises, 'Freestone. Sonoma Co.
$200—80 ACRES fine redwood timber land near j
Ukiah. 125 Fifth st. |
PROPERTY TO EXCH.U'UK.
FOR sale, or to exchange for house and lot in
San Francisco, . 243 acres, 6 miles north of
Napa City. Call or address OWNER, 119 A
Sixth st.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— Ranch In Humboldt or Mendoclno
County suitable for cattle and grain; must be ;
cheap for cash. Address R., Uklah P. P., Cal. )
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
— *
Elegant home Vernon Heights; a beautiful |
new residence just built; 9 rooms: hath, recep- .
tion hall, two pantries, etc.: plumblnf: Ir.test
and best: plate glass windows; hot sir heater I
with pipes to all rooms and halls; lot 50x125; j
more land can be had if desired.
This Is certainly a model residence: picture |
of same will be sent on application; price I
$6000; terms to suit purchaser. Lake Shore !
Land Co. A. H. BREED, Manager, 1070 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal.
zrn
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. H. SCHELL^ I
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh St. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTI
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$800—50x125 LOT on San Antonio aye.
$1100—50x268 lot on Benton St., near Santa
Clara, aye.
$1500— 5-room cottage, on Grand st. ; work I
all done.
$2500—50x200 house, 8 rooms; windmill and
tank.
$3500—50x130 elegant new house, 8 rooms-
modern; at Morton-st. station; easy terms.
Bargains In all parts of Alameda. Office
open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park st., Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
RANCH of 6 acres: all Improved: almost in
center of Berkeley: splendid land for wheat
and alfalfa, cows and chickens: will sell very
reasonable. O. G. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center
It:, Berkeley. ViJ
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT NOTICE Wittram Propeller
Company, office and principal place of busi-
ness. 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held on the 12th day
of December, 1593, an assessment (No. 5)
of one (1) cent per share was levied upon the
capital stock of the corporation, payable Im-
mediately in United States gold coin to the
secretary at the office of the company at the
above address. •• '*: ;
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
. remain unpaid on the 17th day of January,
1899, will be delinquent and advertised for
sale at public auction, and unless payment
is made before, will be sold on the 3d day
of February, 1899. to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with co. of advertising and
expenses of Bale. By order of the Board of
Directors. •
CHARLES A. HUG. Secretary.
327 Market st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Salvatore Balestere and Rosa Busalcche.. 42-35
Henry 8. Dwyer and Elizabeth Ingalls 34-23
Benedetto liomani and Gilsominla FVroni. .3l-24
James G. Murphy and Annie Watson 25-22
Erwin H. Meech and Laura Balnbridge 27-27
Harry E. Bowers and Deanie Ward.. 20-17
H.B. Westerfeld Jr. and Oroveda Ramon. 19-16
William B. Phin and Mary Luckenville 2S-24
Lewis Stern and Lucie Cahen 39-27
Lester L. Morse and Frances Pierce 28-27
Alex. Jacobson and W. Eunice McHale 42-33
Jerome A. Ritchie and Abby Matland 33-23
Angelo Dentoni and Anna Celle 22-18
James Scoot and Edith Bengarde 40-21
Stefano Dodinl and Lucia Gieheri 24-18
Thomas Owens and Anna Carney 30-28
Charles H. Tlnsley and Lucy M. Munson.. 32-25
Matthew Klrchen and Rose Reynolds 24-22
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
ACERET— In this city. December 17, 1898, to
the wife of Emll Aceret, a son.
AUSTIN— In Frultvale, January 3, 1899, to the
wife of Arthur Austin, a son.
SHIELDS— In this city, January 3, 1899, to the
wife of Edward Shields, a son.
MARRIED.
LENNON— In this city, December
27, 1898, by the Rev. Father Con way, James
T. Conlan and Julia Lennon, ■. both of San
Francisco. _
FEINTUCH— In this city, January 1.
1899, by Rabbi Isidore Myers, William Feln-
tuch and Esther Spiro.'both of . San Fran-
cisco. . ,
JUDD— KELLEY— In Reno, Nev.,' January 2
IBM, Norris A. Judd and Mrs. E. A. Kelley.
PELS— ELLIS— In this city, January 1, 1899,
by the Rev. Rabbi A. B. J. Brown,- Louis E.
Pels and Fanny Ellis, both of San Fran-
cisco. • ' ■ > --. -ft
SCHAETZ— In this city, January I,
1599, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder; John
Schaetz and Susanna Raabe.
SCOTT— BENDEGARD— In thl? city, January
3. -1899, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson
James Scott of San Francisco and Edith E.
Bendegard.' ".,,"!">■•". . ' -. •
~piJED.
Arnold, Carl T. . •' McFarland.' John B.
Atchison, Alfred McFaul, James
Ueeman, Royal M. ~ McGUnchey, Michael
Brennan. John Marshall. Edward T.
Carpenter, Mrs. M. Matthews, Henry
Coffey, Margaret Milllken, Charlotte
Cronin, Maggie Nelson, Andrew
Curran. Michael Patten, William H.
Damon. Nathaniel Reimers. Frederick
Duffleld. Emma O. Richards, Mary
Elliott, Joseph Robinson, Jennie
Ellis. Tillie Ross, Mrs. Elizabeth
Emery. George T. Rourke, Bridget
Falk, Edith D. Ryan, Ellen
Ferre, Horace R. Pagear, James W.
Fraser, Roblna G. Shroder, Adrian
Harrison. Emma I. Tracey. Elizabeth -
Holland, Daniel J. Yon Oehsen," Edward
Jeffress, Caroline Williams, John N.
Kunast, Henry . Wlnslow, Mary W.
ARNOLD— In this city, January 1. 1599, Carl
Theodor Arnold, late of Salinas City, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 42 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
ATCHISON— In Berkeley, January 3, 1599, Al-
fred, beloved son of Alfred and Minnie Atchl-
eon, a native of Berkeley, aged 3 years 4
months and 19 days.
BEEMAN— In this city, January 3. 1899, Royal
Mateo. beloved son of William A. and Wil-
• helmtna Beeman, and brother of Mercedes.
Virginia and Isabelle Beeman. a native of
San Francisco, aged 11 years 5 months and 23
days. ,
CNotlce of funeral hereafter.
BRENNAN— In this city, at Ocean. View, Janu-
ary 3, 189*. John, beloved husband of the late I
Ann Brennan, father of Mrs. James E. Fay
and Edmund, Stephen and John V. Brennan, I
and brother-in-law of the late Mrs. Catherine
Ackland, a native of the parish of Ahada.
Queenstown, County Cork. Ireland, aged 75
years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 29 Broad street, Ocean View, thence to
St. Michael's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
CARPENTER— this city. January 3,' 1599.
Mrs, M. M. Carpenter, secretary of the Board
of Trustees, Good Templars' Home for Or-
phans, beloved mother of Frank W. and
Fred L. Carpenter, a native of Wisconsin,
aged CS years.
COFFEY— In this city, January 2, 1899, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Joseph Coffey.
and mother of John, Joseph and Maurice
Coffey, Mrs. Nellie McShane, Mrs. Charles
Spinner and the late Mrs. J. O'Neill and
Daniel Coffey, a native of County Donegal.
Ireland, aged 68 years 3 months and 13 days.
(Brooklyn, N. V., papers please copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 23& Gilbert street, between Sixth
and Seventh, thence to St. Rose's ■ Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock/ Interment Holy Crass Cemetery. 1
CRONIN— In this city, January 3, 1599. Mag-
gie, beloved • wife of John D. Cronin. and
mother of Mary Crcnln. a native of Brosna,
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 32 years.
CURRAN— A month's mind mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of the soul -of the late
■ Michael Curran at St. James Church. Twenty-
third and Guerrero streets. tills day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend.
DAMON— On Damon avenue, Alameda County,
January 3. 1,899. Nathaniel, beloved husband
of Laura M. Damon, father of George, Her-
bert. Joseph and Walter Damon, and brother
of C. W. Damon of Alameda, a native of
Pembroke, Mass., aged 69 years 5 months and
7 days. (Boston, Mass., papers please copy.)
IC?" Friends 'and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at hi*
late residence, Damon avenue, Seminary Park,
off San Leandro road. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
DUFFIELD— In this city, January S. 1599,
Emma C, beloved daughter of Henry A. and
Ada S. DuifU-ld. a native of San Francisco,
aged 12 years 3 months and 6 days. ■ •
IT^The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 19 Minna street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services.
ELLIOTT— In Denver, Colo., December 30, IS9S,
Joseph Elliott, a native of County Ferman-
agh, Ireland, aged 2.' years.
(C7"Services and interment private.
ELLIS— In this city, January 3, 1599, Tlllle,
dearly beloved wife of Captain William Ellis,
a native of Dramm, Norway, aged 23 years
and- 10 days. " . -ir. .
[C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
January 5, at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Velente. Marlni & Co.. 1324 Stock-
ton street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
EMERY— In this city, January 3, 1899, George
T. Emery, a native of Vermont, ' aged 66
years.
FALK— In this city, January 2. 1899, Edith D..
dearly beloved wife of Hyman Falk. and
Bister of Mrs T. Low-man of Los Angeles and
Victor D. Solomon, a native of Los Angeles,
aged 25 years and 21 days.
C?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her father-in-law, S. Falk, 306 Van
Ness avenue. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets. .''SgjtjffjSS
FERRE— this city, January 3. 1899, Horace
R. Ferre, a native of Massachusetts, aged 78
years 2 month- an<l 9 days.
FRASER— In this city. January 3, 1599, Robinj.
Gordon, beloved Wife of James O. Fraser, a
native of Scotland, aged 50 years.
HARRISON— In Berkeley. January 3. ISM.
Emma Isham, wife of the Rev. James K.
Harrison, superintendent California Home
Missionary Society. ,
HOLLAND— In this city, January 2. 1899, Dan-
iel J. Holland, beloved son of Mrs. Julia
Burns, and brother of Gertrude and the late
Hary Burns, a native of St. John, New
Brunswick, aged 27 years' and 9 months.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow'
(Thursday), at in o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 120 Wildey avenue, off Stelner
street, between Bush and Pine, thence to St.
Dominic's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. '• -
JEFFRESS-'ln- Ihis city, January 3. 1899, Caro-
line, beloved wife of E. T. Jeffreys, a native
of San Francisco, aged 40 years.
KUNAST— In this city, January 2. 18*9, H^nry
Kunast. a native of Itzehoe, Holstein, Ger-
many, aged 62 years. A member of. Court
Independence No. 104. F. of A.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission -street,
under the auspices of Court Independence No.
104. F. of A. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
F. of A.— The officers and members of Court
Independence No. 104. F. of A., are hereby
ordered to assemble at the funeral. parlors of
H. F. Maass at 1:45 o'clock this day (Wednes-
day), to attend the funeral of our deceased
brother, Henry Kunast. By order
I. GOLDMAN, Chief Ranger.
MeFARLAND— In this city, January 1, ■ 1899,
J. hn 8., beloved sgn of Rosanna E. and the
late Owen McFarland, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 40 years.
E^A requiem mass will be offered up for
the repese of his soul at St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, Van Ness avenue, at 9 o'clock, this
day (Wednesday). Interment private.
McFAUL— In this city, January 3. 1899 James,
beloved husband of Mary F. McFaul. and
father of .John and Alexander McFaul. a na-
tive of County Antrim, Ireland, aged 67 years.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
McGLINCHEY— In the City and County Hos-
pital. January 3. 1893, Michael McGlinchey, a
native or lielami. au«d 32 years. ■
MARSHALL— In this city, January 2. 1899, Ed-
ward T., beloved brother of Captain H.. P.
and C. A. Marshall, a native of Sweden, aged
31 years and 8 months. . r . . ■ ';
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Interment . Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MATTHEWS— In Oakland, January 3, 1899.
Henry, beloved husband of Mary Matthews,
: a native of England, aged 75 years. -•.-.:- •-.
E?"Notlce of funeral hereafter. -".- ■
MILLIKEN— Oakland, January 2, 1899,
Charlotte, .beloved wife of D. B. Mllllken,
and mother of N. S.. R. M., R. T. and Ashle
May Milliken. a native of Maine, aged 64
years and 22 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 776 Thirteenth street, Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. • ■ '•' ~ ;
NELSON— In this city, January 3, 1399. at his
residence. 735 Laurel avenue. Andrew,
beloved husband of Euphemla Nelson, and
father of Maggie, ! Jane arid Ellen • Nelson, a
native of Ireland, aged 51 years 2 months and
27 days. A member of Court Justice No 7003,
A. O. F.. and Stonecutters' Union.
[CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the First
United Presbyterian Church, corner Golden
Gate avenue und Polk street.
PATTEN— Honolulu, November 25, IS9S, Wil-
liam H. Patten.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), from St. James Church, corner
Twenty-third and Guerrero streets, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
REIMERS— In this city, January 3. 1899, Fred-
erick Henry, dearly beloved husband of
Christina Relmers, and beloved father of Wil-
liam, Oretchen, Edna and the late Frederick
Reimers, a native of Kiel, Germany, aged
; 45 years 3 months and 12 days. '-;::
RICHARDS— In this city, January 1. 1899.
Mary, widow of the late John Ei. Richards,
. a native of Ireland, aged 60 years. • "
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 612 Guerrero street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
• mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
• Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
ROBINSON— In the City and County Hospital.
January 3, 1899, Jennie Robinson, a native
of Germany, aged 65 years.
ROSS— In this city. January 2. 1899, Mrs. Eliza-
beth, wife of William T. Ross, a native of
Ross County, Ohio, aged 55 years. ••/■■•..:
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ' •
ROURKE— this city. January 3, lS99.at her
residence,- 516 Taylor street. Bridget Rourke,
dearly beloved mother of Alary C, Thomas
D. and Maggie T. Rourke, a native of Ice-
land, aged 70 years.
• C?"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
RYAN— this city, January 2, 1899, . Ellen,
widow of the late David Ryan, and mother of
T. F. Ryan, 309 Castro street, Mrs. Mary
Sullivan "and Miss Delia Ryan, a native of
New Brunswick, aged 74 years. (San Jose
papers please copy.) '.. //:■■'*
[E?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, c?" Octavla street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church 1 , where a low mass will be said
for the repese of her soul, commencing at
9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ometery.
SAGEAR— In this city, Januery 2, 1599, James
W., beloved husband of Julia M. Sagear, a
' native of Alabama, aged 48 years . and 11
months.
CTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 123
Stockton street, corner of Geary. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SHRODER— In this city, January 1, 1899,
Adrian Shroder, a native of France, aged 56
years.
TRACEY— Oakland. January 2, 1899,; Eliza-
beth Tracey, beloved mother of Mrs. May
Phister. daughter of George Cox. and' sister
of T. F., G. R. and W. A. Cox and Mrs. D.
E. Clough, a native of Ireland, aged 44 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances .are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
• residence. 2242 Peralta street, thence to the
• Church of the Sacred Heart, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
YON OEHSEN— In this city, January B,' 1899,
Edward H., dearly beloved husband of Dor-
rtF yon Oehsen, and ' father of Annie and
Gustave yon Oehsen. a native of Amt Dorum.
Germany, aged 33 years 9 months and 8 days.
WILLIAMS— In Claremont, December 31, IS9B.
John N. Williams, a native of Vermont, aged
80 years.
"WINSLOW— In this city, January 3. 1899. Mary
Watt, beloved daughter of Harry .L.' and
Emma Winslow, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 months and 23 days.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher;.
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS AND EMBALZ'EBA
20 Fifth St., oppoalto Lincoln bcixaoL
T«lephone South 80.
lAlc/W/OY «fc CO.. I
FUNEKAL DIRECTORS ik EMBALMER3 1
12SS Market st. between Bth and 9to. I
Telephone. South 247. 3
1314
CHANGE OF THE
ADMINISTRATION
AT CITY HALL
An Unusually Quiet Time at the
Transfer of Various Depart
ments to the Recently
Elected Officials.
Much Work to Be Done Between This
Time and the Close of the Year, When
the New Charter Will Revolu
tionize Matters.
The biennial transfer of the municipal
government from one set of officers to an
other has taken place, 'i he thrifty nine
of the Board of Supervisors and the dis
honored majority of the Board of Educa
tion are but memories of a nightmare that
unfortunately carries its hideousness be
yond its existence and weights the people
of the city with burdens that must be
borne. Men were retired yesterday from
a public life that had no honor to a pri
vate oblivion that will have no dignity.
They placed upon themselves a stigma of
public shame and gave to San Francisco
a heritage of evil laws, heavy debts and
burdensome taxation.
The corridors of the City Hall echoed
yesterday to the tread of thousands of
feet. Men of all sorts and conditions were
there for a purpose, some to give the last
touches of their public service and others
to taste the Itrst sweets of political tri
umph. Politicians swaggering in the tan- ■
portance of new-found power hastened
from office to office to see that the fa- |
vored fines were cared for according to ]
agreement. Hundreds of eager-faced,
rough-garbed men hang around the offices |
of the Strex I Superintendent, hoping i
against hope that some small employment i
■would be given to them to relieve their [
neces.siti.-s.
Camp followers of the new bosses hung !
around the corridors In expectancy that !
come favor might reach their hands. Low
browed, vicious looking "fellows they were,
fit only for the rough-and-tumble rowdy-
Ism of the primaries, not the prizes of
politics. Here and there they went, vow
ing futile vt-ngeance because they did not
receive the favors they sought and did
not deserve. Some day they will pledge
their worth at the primaries for a "pull"
to got them out of jail. A throng gath
ered in the different police courts to see
the new Judges assume their judicial dig
nity, and many wondered who will be the
new clown of the police bench.
Movement and confusion, a babel of
tongues and a hastening of feet charac
terized the morning hours. The actual
and significant ceremony of the transfer
of the city government did not take place
until the afternoon, when the old Board
of Supervisors Btepped d'>wn and out and
the new board took possession. But dur
ing the morning the transfer of the vari
ous municipal departments was made. In
many offices some clerks were retained to
initiate their successors in i"c duties of
their positions. All the courtesies of ex
change were given. The retiring officers
showered upon their successors congratu
lations they did not feel, and the new
comers accepted weil wishes with a pride
they could not hide.
At the noon hour the affairs of every
municipal department were moving
Fmoothly. It was remarked as an un
usual circumstance and a very creditable
one that the outgoing officials and their
deputies did not loot the great civic
building, as has been done at the close of
many administrations. Hitherto it has
been considered to be a sacred privilege
for retiring municipal employes to steal
everything that was not nailed. This year
the custom was not observed. In many
of the offices, however, notably that of
the Assessor, it was observed that very
little attention had i een given to cleanli
ness. Most of the janitors, it would ap
pear, had occupied sinecures.
At 1 o'clock in the afternoon the crowds
in the corridors deserted their post and
congregated in the chambers of the
Board of Supervisors. At 2 o'clock the
city government was to be transferred
formally to the new administration. The
gvea.t assembly hall df the Supervisors
wns crowded to the doors. The main floor
presented a maze of expectant and dis
appointed faces, showing too clearly. that
if some had won by the change of gov
ernment many had lost. A turn of the
political wheel had thrown them Into the
street, but they could not resist the
temptntion to see how the other fellows
liked the change.
In the gallery of the main chamber, in
the committee rooms and waiting apart
ments the crowds surged. Shortly after
2 O'clock the members of the retiring
and incoming boards, followed by Judges,
department officers, clerks and Invited
guests, filed into the assembly chamber.
After a brief ceremony and the presenta
tion of credentials the- new board was in
stalled into office. Tt was not uninterest
ing to watch the faces of the new mem
bers and to wonder which of them may
some day be pictured as the solid eight or
nine of the administration. In the retire
ment of the old board there were two
Unique features— "Cappun" Delany's mus
tache and Dr. Rottanzi's public declara
tion that he had been honest during his
term of office. That declaration pro
voked a storm of laughter which the
Mayor made no attempt to suppress, as
he smiled himself.
After Clerk Russell had read the min
utes to himself for an hour Mayor Phelan
delivered his message. The document
■was a voluminous and well-written one
that dealt critically with subjects of the
highest concern to the municipality. The
Mayor made many important recom
mendations, most of them dependent, he
declared, upon the charter for operation.
I At the conclusion of the Mayor's message
the new Board formally organized, ap
pointed its committees and made a few
appointments. In honor of the inaugura
tion of the new administration the Mayor
gave a banquet at the Maison Riche List
night to the new Board of Supervisors.
This ended a day that perhaps will not
be duplicated in many years in San Fran
cisco. If the charter be ratified by the
Legislature this city will not again see
the spoilsmen of politics gathered in
hordes to take possession every two years
of the City Hall and all it represents.
OFFICERS READY
FOR BUSINESS
Superior Court and County
Clerk's Office Or
ganized.
A corps of perspiring City Hall janitors
busied- themselves yesterday cleaning up
and cleaning out, getting ready, in fact,
(or the Incoming officials to proceed with
their duties. Early in the morning the I
Superior Court met in bank for the pur- \
pose of electing a presiding Judge and on
the first ballot this honor fell to Judge j
Daingerfield, who will act In the capac- ,
ity mentioned during the present year.
James Coffroth was elected to succeed j
himself in the position of secretary o^the '
court. The matter of assigning the vari- '•
ous Judges was then taken up. Judge i
Dunne was assigned to the department
lately vacated by Judge Wallace, Judge j
Murasky was assigned to the department |
vacated by Judge Dunne, while Judge j
Carroll Cook and Judge Lawlor were as- !
signed to departments 11 and 12, respect- !
ively. The other members of the court i
will remain in their old positions. -j
After the work of making the assign
ments was concluded an order was made
that a list of 144 talesmen for the Grand j
Jury be drawn and that a list of 2400 for !
trial juries be drawn for service. The ',
Court Commission and Insanity Commis- i
sion were ordered continued In office with
out change, this concluding the labors of
the court In bank.
County Clerk Deane has about conclud
ed his labors and his office is in a condi
tion to proceed in good order. Joseph
Goddard, long and favorably known as
clerk of Department 1, is in the private
office of the County Clerk, and enjoys the
position of confidential deputy, a position
to which he is adapted and capable of
filling admirably.
The following list has been issued by
Mr. Deane containing the assignments of
the various attaches of his office:
Department 1. Superior Court. Joseph
Cunningham: Department 2, John Dun
ker; Department 3, William Raisch; De
partment 4, Robert Fitzgerald; Depart
ment 5, A. A. Watson; Department 6,
Benjamin A. Soloman; Department 7, C.
C. Morris; Department 8. Richard J.
Welsh; Department 9, James B. Martin;
Department 10, James McElroy; Depart
ment 11, William Joost; Department 12
Oscar A. Tolle.
Deputies— Charles Derham. P. W. Lan
non. Sylvester Shahen, O. Vallero, Jo
seph Revidan, F. R. Danforth, Thomas
L. Doran, A. B. Mahoney, Anthony D
Holder, V. F. Northrop. Julius Volsonet
F. J. Dugan, Joseph Goddard, Andrew J.
Martin, Oscar C. Lewis, Willet B. Lee,
Donald de V. Graham, John A. McKenna,
James N. Bacigalupi. Thomas C. Mailer,
George W. Covey. X. K. Malson, L. N.
Jacobs, Frank Grimes, John Duff W R.
A. Johnson, P. J. Walsh, George W Lee
William H. Pendergast. A. S. Levy j'
J. Grief. James E. Daly, William T
Cleary, E. P. Peterson. P. If. McGushin,
George S. McComb and John E. O'Brien.
The list of copyists heretofore published
has not been changed.
DIRECTORS
WILL MEET
First Business Session of
the Board of Education
TTo-INlght.
The rooms of the Board of Education
were practically deserted during the day
The new Directors had held a meeting
in the early hours of the morning, and
with the regular meeting scheduled for to
night they had nothing to draw them to
their meeting place.
The new clerks and Secretary Simpson
were on hand early in the morning, and
spent the day in learning the routine of
,the office. The former employes have
been retained by the board for the pres
ent week in order that their successors
may have an opportunity to grasp the
work that will be required of them in the
year to come.
The board will hold Us first regular
meeting to-night, when the work of un
doing the injury done the department by
the last board will be commenced A
"solid seven" has already put in its ap
pearance in the board, but the minor
ity has hopes of preventing any such rec
ord being made as that wTiieh the retir
ing Directors left behind them.
WILL REPAIR
THE STREETS
Superintendent T* rag Ie y
Prepares to Undo the
Storm's Rai/a&es.
The anteroom of the office of Martin
F. Fragley, Superintendent of Streets, and
the corridor leading to it were thronged
all day yesterday by laboring men seek
ing work on the streets of the city. There
is plenty for their willing: hands to do, as
the heavy rain of Sunday played havoc
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, 1899.
with the sewers. All day yesterday com
plaints were being lodged in the office
regarding the damage done by the rain.
"My office Is to be conducted In the in
terest of the taxpayers," said Mr. Frag
ley yesterday. "The force of men em
ployed will only be so large as is neces
sary to conduct the work of the depart
ment in a proper manner. There will be
no two men doing one man's work, or
three doing the work of two."
Under the direction of Chief Deputy
Andrew Donovan, who has been retained
in the office, the new men were quickly
taught the duties they will have to per
form until the new charter goes into
effect in January next. The deputies are:
Andrew Donovan, head deputy; Charles
W. Taber, head outside deputy; James
de. Succa, cashier; William H. Griffin,
assistant cashier; Charles W. King, book
keeper; P. H. Prendergast. deputy: J. F.
McCarthy, outside deputy; W. W. Wil
kinson, inside deputy; Barney Tracey,
George Williams, James Craven, James
Gilleran. Thomas Barnett, David Short,
George Ryan and Thomas Desmond, dep
uties; Joseph Fragley and William
Thomas, keepers of the corporation yard;
Leonard Levy, assistant bookkeeper;
John Ganey, clerk, and Louis Coffee,
draughtsman.
HIS FRIENDS
U/ERE THERE
Cordial Greetings Attended
Berthler's Installa
tion.
Many friends of A. C. Berthler were
present yesterday when he was formally
Installed as Recorder. Mr. Berthler and
his assistants were at the. Recorder's of- j
flee unusually early and before noon tney I
were fairly well drilled in the workings j
of the office. Glynn and some i
of his assistants were also on hand, and i
when the office was turned over to his
successor there was handshaking, con
gratulations and compliments indulged
in on both sides. Mr. Glynn wished Mr.
Berthier all kinds of success, and his dep
uties extended the same courtesies to their '
successors. Jack Cooney. who has had I
a Bnug berth in the Recorder's office for j
several years, softly hummed "Coon, take
your cheap oil stove and be gone" as he i
packed his belongings out of the Record
er"a office and moved them to the Sheriff's I
office.
The officials of the Recorder's office who
were installed yesterday were as follows:
Chief deputy. Charles E. Corey; depu
ties—Harry Bachrand, Max Warshauer;
marriage license clerk. Joseph Tittle;
mortgage clerk. Edward W. Eustace;
messenger, John Patten; chief copyist,
John E. Durnier; copyists— John Galish,
Charles Malpied, Eli Landry, William
l-'ritz. A. T. (Jreen. Joseph Haves, Fred
Franks, Joseph Maguire, Jerry Moore, W.
A. Dauterman Jr.. Samuel Hamilton,
Percy Levy, Edward Duffield. E. B. Car
roll, Frank Koegel. Edward Haught.
block: out,
sheehan in
The INow Tax Collector En
ters Upon His Arduous
Duties.
There was little bustle or stir in the
T:ix Collector's office yesterday morning
when newly elected Tax Collector Sheehan
assumed the duties of the office. He ar
rived there early and was ushered into
Ins private office, where Tax Collector
Block instructed him thoroughly in the
intricacies of the position. As announced
in The Call yesterday, Mr. Sheehan only,
made two appointments. M. F. Sullivan
was Installed as cashier and I. J, Hagin
as chief deputy of the office. Mr. Sheehan
says he dues not intend to make any more
appointments until the Board of Super
visors makes the usual appropriation.
Joseph Dunn, late of the District Attor
ney's office, succeeded Mr. Godchaux as
secretary of the Hoard of Health. That
was the only change made in the working
i force of the board.
I. J. TRUMAN
COUNTS CMSH
New Treasurer Works Mil
Day-Office Remains
Closed.
Treasurer I. J. Truman took possession
of his office at 9 a. m. and officially an
nounced the following assistants: First
deputy, I. J. C. Truman, his son; second
deputy, C. B. Perkins; deputies, A. \V.
Benedict, Thomas Wilson and M. de la
Montanya.
Treasurer Truman Immediately proceeded
to count the cash on hand, and as he did
not "heft it," the work was not finished
up to 4 o'clock. The office was closed all
day and no business of any description,
except the counting of cash, was trans
acted. The Mayor was represented by his
private secretary, Colonel William P." Sul
livan.
THE BONDS/VIEN
/\RE /\F»F»RO\/ED
! Auditor Passes Upon
the Sureties of New
Officers.
The transfer of the Auditor's office from
William Broderick to Mr. Wells was ac
complished early in the morning-. War
rants for salaries were passed upon, as
were also the bonds of incoming officials
of the various departments. The office
force as reorganized consists of William
Wells, chief clerk; D. J. Leary, clerk; Ben
Wentworth, O. M. Tupper, E. D. Slack
and George Walker.
The bonds in the majority of instances
were furnished by surety companies. The
complete list follows:
A. C. Berthler, Recorder — Fidelity and De
posit of Maryland. . /,
"Washington Dodge, Assessor — Butler
110,000; J. A. Hooper, $10,000; C. A. Sullivan
$10,000; Frank Sullivan, $10,000; J. D. Phelan.
$40,000.
W. A. Deane.. County Clerk, $40,000— M. H. de
Young, E. F. Preston.
J. A. Drinkhoupe, Public Administrator, $30,
--000— F. R. Drinkhouse, A. Ruef.
M. J. Fragley, Superintendent of Streets, $25,
--000—Fidelity and Deposit of Maryland.
E. E. Hill, Coroner, $25,000— Fidelity and De-
I posit of Maryland, Charles J. McOlynn, M H.
Gaffeney.
D. J. Murphy, District Attorney, $15,000— P
F. Nolan. D. V. B. Henarle.
J. D. Phelan, Mayor, $25,000— P. J. Sullivan
Robert McElroy.
B. I. Sheehan, Tax Collector, $75,000— Fidelity
and Deposit of Maryland.
I. J. Truman, Treasurer, $100,00(1— United
; State* Fidelity and Guarantee Company of
Maryland.
R. II Webster, Superintendent of School*
! $10,000— Harry E. Wise, Edward McLrfuighlan. "
F. K. I^ane. City and County Attorney, $40,
--| 000— United States Fidelity and Guarantee Com
pany of Maryland.
Supervisor*. $15,000 each— A. Attrldße. FM»I
--i Ity of Baltimore; E. A. Alßeltinger. United
! States Fidelity and Guarantee Company of
Maryland: H. Black. T'nited States Fidelity
and Guarantee Company of Maryland: L. F.
Bylnptton, Pacific. Surety Company; O. W Cr>|.
. lins. Pacific Surety Company;, E. H. Holland.
United States Fidelity and Guarantee Company
, of Maryland: W. H. Phelps, United States Fl
• dellty and G*arantee Company of Baltimore;
; J. Dea«y, T'nited States Fidelity and Guarantee
■ Company of Baltimore: .T. l/nckmann, United
States Fidelity and Guarantee Company of
Baltimore: E. C. Kalben, Pacific Surety Com
i pany; K. L, Perrault, F'aclflc Surety Company
I Albert Heyer, Hy Placeman, S. J. Loop
! School Directors, $5000 each— J. B. Cole. Pa
cific Surety Company: J. J. Conlan. Paclflo
Surety Company: V. Stow. Pacific Surety Com
pany: W. G. Stafford. Pacific Surety Company
Dr. E. 11. Gedfte. Pacific Surety Company; Hv
Holbrook, Pacific Surety .Company; W \
Kemp, National Surety Company; G. R. Arm
strong. Fidelity and Deposit Company of Mary
land; H. A. Brandenpteln. Fidelity and Deposit
I Company of Maryland; A. P. Bertre^ot. Plerie
Dupuy. personal bonds $10,000, J. H. Bergerot •
I C. Peels. Charlea T'n^e. B. J. Mcf'utcheon- Ed
' Head. Jac«h Pr-hl»l"hrr. William F. Lot*.
Sheriff Martin filed a personal bond with
! the Recorder for $150,000, with th" follow
; ing bondsmen: John D. Spreckels. $75,000;
I J. M. Dupas, Jules Godaux, E. Robinet
iJ. Jullien, H. L. "Wreden, A. I^egallet,
i $12,500 each. Sheriff's Attorney Pelxotto
says that the personal sureties will be
given a bond on some surety company for
the amounts they have qualified in order
to protect them from possible loss.
— — -«»
HENRY MARTIIN
TAKES OFFICE
Presents Under Sheriff Da
vid C • martin With a
-" Gold Badge.
There was no ceremony attached to the
transfer of the Sheriff's office by Richard
I. Whelan to Sheriff-elect Henry S. Mar
tin. After the latter had taken his oath
of office before Deputy County Clerk
George McComb at 9:30 a. m. he repaired
to the Sheriff's office, -■where he was met
by ex-Sheriff Whelan, who welcomed him
to his new position with a warm hand
clasp, stating that he would be on hand
every day and of tener if necessary to
give the benefit of his experience. Sheriff
Martin thanked him heartily, and then
Deputy McComb swore the deputies who
are to serve under the new official.
. Mr. Whelan then took Sheriff Martin
around to the three branch jails and sur
rendered the keys to him. The latter re
turned at 4 o'clock in the afternoon and
presented Under Sheriff David C. Martin
with a handsome gold badge, Indicative of
his office, as a token of respect and es
teem, as the inscription set forth.
When Sheriff Martin was asked as to his
policy in conducting his office he replied,
"I shall endeavor to conduct my office as
economically as possible, but with the
object to obtain the best results. I shall
try to satisfy the people of this city and
county, for to them alone am I respon
sible. I will, do the best I know how."
Under Sheriff Martin was an exceed
ingly busy man all morning assigning the
lucky appointees to their respective posi
tions, and he accomplished his onerous
task with great executive ability.
The following are the appointments of
Sheriff Martin: ' '
* Under Sheriff, David C. Martin; book
keeper, Harrison Houseworth; assistant
bookkeeper, D. Simon; counsel, Edgar D.
Peixotto; head keeper, William Blattner;
real estate deputy, George Hare; office
deputies, B. F. Jones, A. Amedee, J. J.
Gleeson, George McGinnis; porter, A.
Cassner; outside deputies, Phil Masking,
J. H. Smith, George Fidder, William Daly.
Thomas Bryant; courtroom bailiffs, De
partment 1, J. B. Cunningham; Depart
ment 2, Louis Cooper; Department 3, Otto
Lemcke; Department 4, James Wren; De- J
partment 5, C. Troell; Department 6, i
James B. Lennon; Department 7, W. T.
Howe; Department 8, C. P. Troy; Depart
ment 9, J. Murray; Department 10, H.
Davis; Department 11, Fred Hyer; De
partment 12. W. Dasha; keepers, Leon
Vuller, James Lawler, J. Coffey, C.
Klngsley; janitors, Van Drever, D. Hart- !
nett; insane attendant, Mrs. Healy; jail i
No. 1, superintendent, T. R. Ford; chief
jailer, J. .G. Hecker; commissary, V.
Marchebout; deputies, William Loudon, J.
Phillips, C. Hayden; deputies, A.
Schoembs, William Crimmin, John Galla
gher. James Ahem, James B. Brown,
jail No. 2, superintendent, John Windrow,
assistant superintendent, William Callun- 1
den; commissary, M. Donovan; guards, J.
D. Condon Jr., P. Deval. J. Sullivan,
Charles Jackson, Henry Meade, James
McDonald. David Wall. Frank McDonald,
Leonard Kaubruch, Harry O'Neill, J. H.
Shepston, John Conniff, Andrew Renin
ger, George Dougherty; jail No. 3, super
intendent, James Gately; matrons, Mrs.
Jackson, Mrs. Gately: cook, Kate Hayes;
guards, Joseph Peppin, A. McKerizie,
Louis Kirchbaum.
William Shean and Sig. Simon will be 1
retained for 8 while as inside deputies on 1
account of their knowledge of the work
ings of the office.
JUDGE iV\URPHY
BEGINS WORK
District Attorney to /issk for
a Fourth Criminal
Court.
District Attorney I ). J. Murphy, accom
panied by tli. retiring officer. William S.
Barnes, presented his commission to
Judge Carrol] (V.,k yesterday morning,
and ii was inn liately spread on the
minutes by Clerk Oscar Tolle. Judge Mur
phy then Informed !'!'•• court that lie had
appointed a. P. Black as his chief deputy,
and forthwith introduced him in person.
The District Attorney then took E. S.
Salomon to Department 11, Judge Lawler,
I and introducd him as assistant attorney
for that court, ami he performed a similar
Bervice tor John T. Graney. who is to be
his third assistant, in Department 6,
Judge Dunne.
The other appointments are John B.
Tungate, chief clerk; \C. H. Murphy,
clerk; J. R. Daniels, clerk, and \V. B. Me'e,
stenographer.
The first official act of Judge Murphy
was to make a motion in Judge Dunne's
court that A. 1,. Knott be brought over
from San Quentin for resentence for the
murder of Joseph Knauer in July, I!W7.
Knott was convicted and sentenced to be
hanged, in Judge Wallace's court, but ap
pealed to the Supreme Court, which af
firmed the judgment some time ago, but
Knott has not as -"ft been brought up for
resentence. This act on the part of Judge
Murphy is evidence that he will vigorous
ly prosecute all criminals. In regard to
that matter, the Judge had this to say:
"I propose to ask the Superior Judges
for a fourth criminal court in order to re
lieve the congested condition of the calen
dar. The jails are overcrowded with
j murderers and thugs, and T intend to as
sist personally in the prosecution of these
cases. I have asked the Sheriff to furnish
me with a list of the names of all prison
ers held in prison, with the nature of the
Charge, and I will go after them. I have
also asked the court room clerks to give
me a list of the cases pendlnr in the de
partments, the nature of the crime and
the length of time they have been on trial.
By vigorous effort T will clear the calen
dar to a considerable extent."
POLICE JUDGES
/\RE INSTALLED
The T\a/o New Dispensers
of Justice. Meet \A/lth a
Cordial Reception,
The four Police Judges took their
seats yesterday morning for the ensu
ing term. Judges Conlan and Mogan,
who were re-elected, came into court
as usual and proceeded to business
after swearing in their bailiff and sten
ographer. George Kelly is again bailiff
and Frank Vernon stenographer of
Judge Conlan's court, and D. W. Long
is stenographer and Thomas F. Barry
bailiff of Judge Mogan's court.
Judge Treadwell's courtroom was
packed with his friends when he took
his seat on the bench, and as he did
so he was loudly applauded. He was at
once presented with a beautiful wreath
from the Owl Club, of which he is a
member. After the applause had sub
sided Prosecuting Attorney Reynolds
said:
I now announce Judge Treadwell, the
duly elected Judge of this department,
who will take the bench. It is not neces
sary for me to say I have known Judge
Treadwell since I was a little boy, and
that I have always known him to be what
you know him to be. an honest and con
scientious man. Gentlemen, Judge Tread
well.
Judge Treadwell said in reply:
I will .state to the citizens of San Fran
cisco in assuming the duties of my office
that I will perform the duties of this of
fice under the law, and that 1 will fulfill
all the pledges and promises that I have
made to the people of the city and county
of San Francisco. A great deal has been
said about Police Courts— a great deal has
been said about me also In regard to my
candidacy as to whether or not I will per
-1 form the duties of this office under the
law and the constitution of the State of
California and of the United States, but
I will do it. I desire also to say that in
performing my duties I will adhere to
,the law, and I will be in my office dur
ing the time stated by the law that I
should be there. I have noticed within
the last ten years persons that are called
hangers-on around the Police Courts.
There is an ordinance against that, and
I will say that these hangers-on, so-called
hangers-on and persons who go around
saying they "can fix cases" will not be
permitted within the confines or the juris
diction of this court. These men have
been interfering with the due process of
law— they have been interfering with tha
attorneys— they have been Interfering
with the police officers— they have been
going on what are called straw bonds
and interfering In every conceivable way
with the due administration of the law
of the city and county of San Francisco.
I, as a Judge of this city and county,
| will not permit it. And I will also say
that when a case is presented for the con
sideration of this court every person
is entitled to a reasonable continuance,
but after that continuance has been
granted, unless a good and sufficient rea
son is stated to the court, there will be
no other continuances, because it clogs
the business of the court, and sometimes
criminals must he discharged because wit
nesses disappear.
Now, I will also state that I will treat
every attorney with due courtesy, but I
do not want any attorney to come and
make any misstatements to this court. I
will treat them all alike, as I shall every
I citizen who may have business in my
court, even those who do not like me and
have been my enemies— and if they should
come into this court of justice they can
rely upon it that justice will be meted
out to them, and I will treat them exact,
ly as If they were my best friends.
Regarding the issuance of search war
rants, I desire to state that I will not is
sue any search warrant against lodging
house keepers, hotel keepers or merchants
unless after due investigation It is shown
that a crime has been committed. Th«
law is very strict on it, and the Judge
should be very careful in issuing thesa
i warrants, especially as they are issued
sometimes simply to gratify the whim of
some person who is really not entitled to
a search warrant under the law.
When a case is being heard in this
court I will not permit any person to in
terrupt me in my official duties by coming
on the bench and speaking to me, because
it is to my mind absolutely necessary that
I the Judge should hear every word that ia
j said.
1 wish to state further with re
gard to these drunken loafers who accost
people on the street and Insult them when
men- solicitations for money or alms are
refused they will be severely dealt with if
brought before me, as the citizens of San
Francisco should not be molested by these
people who will not work even when pror
i fered the same.
The Judge then swore in Howard
Vernon as the stenographer of the court
and Austin Langford as bailiff, and the
cases on the calendar were proceeded
with.
The friends of Thomas F. Graham.
! the other Judge, crowded his courtroom
and gave him a cordial reception when
he ascended the bench. H. L. Joach
| imsen, the retiring Judge of the court,
was on hand, and after warmly shaking
hands with the new Judge said:
Members of the bar present, I have
much pleaesure In introducing to you Hon.
Thomas F. Graham, Judge of Police
Court 3. I know of my own knowledge
that while prosecuting attorney of this
■ court the Judge has always been just
and has always tempered "justice with
mercy, and 1 am sure he will keep up the
position of this department and have this
court one of the best in the city and
county of San Francisco. Judge Graham,
1 wish you success.
After the applause had subsided
Judge Graham said:
1 thank you for your complimentary
remarks. 1 wish to state from my ob
servation of and association with Judge
Joachimsen I always found him an hon
est, conscientious and painstaking Judge,
always endeavoring to assist the weak
and unfortunate. The Judge's career on
the bench has been an honorable one and i
I hope in all his future undertakings he \
will be. as successful as he has been as |
a Police Judge. I wish to say to the
members of the profession, particularly
those who practice in the Police Courts,
that it is my purpose to discharge the
duties of the office and administer the
laws to the best of my ability and give
each and all equal and exact justice.
The Judge then swore in J. C. Mulli
gan as stenographer of the court and
John J. O'Connor as bailiff, and the
first case on the calendar was called.
DODGE RENEWS
HIS PLEDGES
Nevw Assessor and Assist
ants Succeed Slebe's
Regime.
Shortly after 9 o'clock Dr. "Washing
! ton Dodge, the new Assessor, appeared
iat his office, suave and smiling. He
I was cordially welcomed by John D.
| Slebe, the retiring Assessor. In a few
minutes the office was turned over to
the incoming official, without further
ceremony than mutual compliments be
tween Dr. Dodge and Mr. Siebe. As
sessor Dodge went before Registrar
| Biggy, received his certificate of elec-
I tion and took the oath of office. Then
he returned to his own office and an
nounced his appointees, who were sub-
I sequently sworn in by a deputy county
clerk. The Deputy Assessor has not
yet been selected, Dr. Dodge having
withheld the appointment for personal
reasons.
After taking charge of his office the
Assessor reiterated his ante-election
pledges to give equal iustice to rich
and poor alike and Vj assess the prop^
erty of corporations fairly and equita
bly. For the present a comparatively
small number of deputies will be en
gaged, more being added as the work
of levying the next assessment in
creases. Following are Assessor Dodge's
appointments: ; -^' '■
Edmund Godchaux, A. Ft. Henderson,
A. D. Miesegaes. George Tyroll, P. J.
I Curtis. William H. "Wiggins. John M. Fer
ris, Charles Gildea, James P. Lally, O.
Hess, Thomas F. Clark, John T. Bennett,
M. Helns, E. Connolly, W. H. Reilly.
i
Phelan Banquets Su-
pervisors.
Mayor James D. Phelan, in keeping
with his custom in the past, entertained
the members of the new Board of Su
pervisors at dinner last nisrht. The af
fair took place at a downtown restau
rant. Speeches were made by the men
who took office yesterday. They prom.
ised a businesslike administration of
the city during the year they will toe In
office.
DISSATISFIED OFFICIALS.
They Want to Undo the Work of Two
Years Ago.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3.— Alameda County
officials are already preparing to descend
upon the Legislature with a demand for
more help, notwithstanding the fact that
two years ago the same officials— or many
of them — went to Sacramento and agreed
upon the number of deputies which should
be attached to each office.
The new county government act wont
into effect tho first of the year and en
tirely reorganized the system under
which county officials are to be paid for
the next four years. Instead of allowing
immense appropriations for each depart
ment, which enabled the incumbents to
become independently rich in one term,
the new act provides a salary ranging
from three to four thousand dollars for
each county official and fixes the number
and payment of each of the deputies. It
is now claimed that the number of depu
ties Is too small in some instances, and
an effort will lie made to amend the bill
not yet one week in force so as to pro
vide a few more places for the faithful
There will be much opposition to the at
tempt to amend the bill.
In only one office is there an actual
necessity for additional assistance. The
County Treasurer with one assistant
cannot, it is claimed by those who know
do all 'the work required of him and con
duct his office in such a manner as his
bondsmen have a right to expect. Under
tho appropriation plan the County Treas
urer has always employed two men to
help him and this is taken as a pretty
good argument that two men are neces
sary.
Anakeslß cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple tree. Addrees Anakesia, New York. •
ADVEATISEMENTS.
"JANUARYSALEST
Extraordinary Values
. . -IN ...
All Departments!
TbBECC 5 cases 36 and 40 inctl
llfiC Ju . Mixed Cheviot and Bour-
<ri\i\nc ette DRESS GOODS ' in 25
UUUI/ different stules and col-
orings.
Price 25c Yard.
Regular value 50c yard.
4500 yards FANCY SILKS,
in Plaids, Stripes and
CTif ¥C Bauadere effects, all new
JILJiJ goods and veru desirable
for waists and skirts.
Price 85c and 1. 00 Vi
Regular value $1.25 to $2.25 yard.
275 dozen Ladies' 2-Clasn
nnVCC ENGLISH WALKING
\ IILUYCJ GLOVES, all sizes, In
reds, tans, browns, ox-
blood and black,
Price 75c Pair
Regular value $1.00 pair. ■
175 pieces Genuine German
™ 1 1T1Tm „ EIDERDOWN FLANNEL
FLANNELS —a great varietu of new
l-LAIiIILLJ DatternSi
Price 83c Tart
Regular value 12'^c and 100 yard.
NOTE.— See display of above goods la
our show windows.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
COMMISSIONERS
FEAR TO OBEY
DAN BURNS
Peculiar Action of the
Board.
POLICE PATROLMEN ESCAPE
ONLY TWO DISMISSED FBOM THE
DEPARTMENT.
The Pension Board Provides for An
other Session at an Early
j&ate — Many More Heads
to Fall.
The Police Pension Commissioners did
not dare to obey yesterday the command
of Dan Burns, but by the very action they
took at their meeting- they proved that
the command had been given and they
■were expected to obey. The Commis
sioners did not even retire men that asked
to be retired. The men who had planned
to take the livelihood of their subordinates
were afraid to act, and as The ("all indi
cated an expose of their disgraceful
scheme prevented an outrage. Throe men
had sent their resignations as patrolmen
to the Commission which has been ever
eager to accept such offers in the past.
Those that resigned are absolutely un
fitted for service. They have no hope of
recovering from an Illness that has settled
upon them and necessarily they must be
retired. But the Commissioners, fearful
of the expose that had made clear to the
community the character of the pro
posed outrage on the department, would
not accept all of the resignations.
The purpose of this was to show that
the Commission is not eager to make
vacancies in the department. Fred
Smith, "W. H. Morehouse and Cha- :•■*
O'Malley. patrolmen, had resigned. The
leslgnations of Fred Smith and W. H.
Morehouse were accepted, but that of
Charles O'Malley was refused considera
tion on the ground that it had no- first
been considered by the Police Commission.
The Police Commission is the Pension
Commission. It would have taken the
Pension Commission fivo minute*- to re
solve itself Into the Police Commission,
accept the resignation and resumed Its
proceedings as the Pension Commission.
This was not done and only th^ two res
ignations were accepted, in mllourning.
however, the Pension Commission ad
journed to the call of the chair instead .f
to the first Monday in April, the stated
meeting. There will be much business
before the. Commission betw-on now and.
the adjournment of the State Legislature.
ATTORNEY BENNETT IN
THE ROLE OF PROTECTOR
TRIES TO EXTRICATE T. W.
SINCLAIR FROM JAIL.
But Sinclair's Brother Declares That
There Is No Need of Legal As
sistance — A Queer Case.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 3.
Some remarkable facts were developed
at the hearing of the petition of Fred
Sinclair to be appointed guardian of th«
person and estate of his brother, Thomp
son W. Sinclair, before Superior Judg. 1
Hall this afternoon.
The petitioner and another -brother,
Dave Sinclair, clerk of Judge Greene's
court, first testified that T, W. Sinclair,
though 51 years of age, was much g^iven
to evils of the flowing bowl and that when
in his cups he would dispose of all of his
clothes, even to his shoes. On one occa
sion petitioner had placed the erring
brother in a home, where he took a cure,
but without lasting results. Also. that he
had come to him a few weeks ago and
asked to be placed once more in an insti
tution where he could be kept away from
liquor.
•'We arranged with, the Sheriff to have
Thompson plead guilty to a"• trivial
charge," said the petitioner,, "and .then
Incarcarate him at the County Jail. This
was done at Thompson's request and of
his own volition. Subsequently, during
the middle of last month, F. W. Sawyer,
an attorney, railed on me and asked
whether 1 was going to prosecute my
brother for anything, and 1 told him the
circumstances plainly.. He told me then
that my brother wished some good coffee,
and. I sent it to the jail.".
A few days later witness had learned
that the incarcerated brother had trans
ferred to F. W. Sawyer and J. E. Ben
nett his entire interest of nearly $1000 in
the estate of the mother, who died in
Michigan.
Sawyer and Bennett appeared as attor
neys for Thompson YV. Sinclair to-day
and M. C. Chapman, as attorney for the
petitioner, put them on the stand. Ben
nett stated that he had first metTiis client
in the County Jail, where Brandes, the
man held for murdering his daughter, had
told him th.it Sinclair had asked for an
attorney. He consulted Sinclair, who, he
testified, had i"lil hini that, his brothers
were trying to have him declared incom
petent, an'l he wished to gel nut of jail.
Witnef* lenied that he had asked the
prisoner ?<> nominate him as guar.dlan. but
had suggested the name of J. G. Wright
of Berk' ley.
"Sinclair told me, too, that he was in
terested in the $15,000 estate of his mother,
but I lo not remember whether he said
his interest was $15.(mi0 or whether that
was tie value of the estate."
Hr-.netf next was asked about the
transfer of the prisoner's interest, and
the agreement was produced. It provides
for a fee of 3.3 1-3 per cent of the prisoner's
interest for legal services rendered in
protecting his rights. Witness, in answer
to another question, stated that he did
not regard it as strange that the pris
oner should enter into such an agreement
I with a stranger. On further examination
it developed also that the attorneys had
written to a sister of the prisoner asking
her, as executor of the mother's estate
to send on $100 with- which to get the
brother out of jail.
The petitioner, who is a reputable com
mission merchant, and his brother, Dave
declare that there is no contest over the
mother's estate, that the four children
will got share and share alike as soon as
It is ready for, distribution and they wish
now to have trie contract between their
erring brother and Sawyer & Bennett de
clared void, and thus protect him in his
interest. Sawyer * Bennett are just as
serious in lh.ir contention.
Were Mayor Phelan's Guests.
The members of the new Board' of Su
pervisors, together with Assessor Dodge,
City and County Attorney Lane, Auditor
"Wells. Street Superintendent Fraglev and
Colonel W. P. Sullivan, were the guests
of Mayor Phelan last night at a dinner
in the Maison Richo. The gathering was
a most harmonious one in every respect
The chief topic .of conversation was
Mayor Phelan's recommendations that the
Park Panhandle be extended to Market
street. The proposition was discussed in
all its phases, and every member of th«
party was heartily. in favor of it
Streightif Will Be a Deputy.
BERKELEY. Jan. 3.-John E. Streightlf
the present Deputy Coroner for the uni
versity town, will hold his office for an
other four years. This reappotntment
under Coroner Mehrmann was confirmed
to-day. The branch morgue will remain
In its present quarters at the undertaking
parlors of Brown & Streightlf on Center
Lurline Salt Water Bath*.
Bush and Larkln rt». Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tub l>&tha. Saltwater direct fromoceaa.