VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 18ti.
FOR hours yesterday the streets
of the city echoed to the steady
tread of marching men. They
marched as if for a holiday; as
if to celebrate a victory. They started
at the water front, where flags waved
In their honor and people shouted and
■ beared from sheer enthusiasm, and to
the music of bands playing their live
liest the column moved on up the
street Wherever it went the flags flut
tered joyously over it, unmindful of the
fact that they hung at half-mast, and
then with the thrill of the cheer still In
?h»ir blood, the men who formed the
column turned through a flag-draped
ay and halted among hekdstones
in a graveyard. They had come with a
FmiLe to celebrate the victory of death
and to do honor to the comrades who
had fought the grinning specter and
had lost
Decoration day had more than its
usual share of people. Where formerly
there was one, yesterday there were
four, and the flowers they brought told
better than words that they had seen
something in the day that was new to
them. The change in the significance
was the theme of the addresses deliver
ed, the prayers said and the songs
sung. There was no blue, no gray;
there was only the living and the dead,
and the living tried to pay their debt
In the only way they knew. Since Ma
nila Bay was filled with wrecks and the
shores of Cuba were strewn with Snan
ish vessels both North and South oan
meet over the flowered mounds and for
get what hand they had in making
them; and it was in that spirit the
people turned toward the cemeteries
yesterday and found pleasure in the so
ciety of the departed.
At the Presidio George H. Thomas
Post of the Grand Army held ceremon
ies more of praise than of sorrow; in
the soldiers' plat of the Odd Fellows'
Cemetery the other posts of the city
Fathered and drew from their surround
ings lessons of patriotism and of man
hood, but not of grief. There was noth
ing of mourning in either place; those
gathered around were doing honor to a
memory, not weeping over men who
had gone. They were swayed by the
pplrit that so recently filled the
army with the best blood of the States
—the idea that a hero's death is worth
a life of ease.
The whole city was not at the ceme
teries, however. There were those who
took the day as a holiday and acted
accordingly. The kvenues of egress
from the city were thronged in the
morning, and they caught the crowds
reversed in the evening. The bay was
dotted with yachts and the park had
its moving thousands. But with it all
it was Memorial day, and it has taught
a better lesson than many that have
passed. . ;
HOW THE PARADE
WENDED ITS WAY
Notable Absence of Military Bodies,
and an Unusual Number of Chil
dren in Line.
There were two features of the pa
rade noticeable to the crowds which
thronged street and sidewalk. One was
the small portion of. the column occu
pied by the military and the other was
the large portion devoted to children.
The first may be explained by the war
and the second as well by the war, for
the parade had all of the Fourth of
July flavor and the children's enthu
m was one of its principal charms.
It was unlike former Memorial day pa
rades. There are not many troops here
now, and all the available men are
leaving for the Philippines, so but a
portion of the Twenty-fourth Regular
Infantry, the militia, cavalry and the
Naval Militia were the only military
organizations represented.
The parade was headed by a battalion
The San Francisco Call.
of police under command of Chief Lees.
Following these were the grand mar
shal and his aids and staff, and then
came the militia cavalry.
The Twenty-fourth Infantry, under
command of Colonel H. B. Freeman, j
marched after the cavalry, and after
the Twenty-fourth was the Naval Mili
tia. A feature of the parade of the Na
val Militia was the battery of four guns
furnished by the divisions of San Fran- |
Cisco, under command of Lieutenant j
W. F. Burke. It was in just such a !
formation as appeared in the parade j
yesterday that the Naval Militia of this
State desired to be mustered into serv
ice during the late war. The battery
is as powerful a one as any that served,
and from the peculiar tactics that ob
tain in the navy it can be made much
more efficient than such a battery
formed under the army regulations; in
fact, the army tactics provide for no
such formation. In the column of the
Naval Militia there was also a detach
ment from the division at Santa Cruz,
which came up on a special train to
take part with the city divisions.
The civic bodies, independent com
panies,, the semi-military organizations
and the children then took up the line
and ran from the Independent Rifles
down to the Board of Supervisors. At
the head of the children's part of the
column was the Columbia Park Boys'
Club, with nearly a hundred in uni
form; then after the Native Sons of
Vermont, the State of Maine Associa
tion, the Ohio Society and the Fraternal
Order of Eagles, the various companies
of school children came. They all wore
distinctive uniforms, and in many there
was an evident desire to have arrange
ments as nearly military as possible.
The Columbia School showed its origin
ality by having at the end of its com
pany an ambulance drawn by two
goats, and following it a Bed Cross
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, M4Y 31, 1899.
THE NATIONS'S TRIBUTE
nurse, little Sophie Newman, dressed
in the uniform of the society.
There was no end to the line of chil
dren, and they marched like veterans.
There were boys and girls by the hun
dred, and at the head of each school
column was borne a banner telling
what division was passing. They re
ceived great applause as they followed
down after the military.
The Sons of Veterans were on hand in
great numbers and so were the veterans
of the Spanish War. and then at the
end of it all the posts of the Grand
Army took their place.
It was as large a turnout of veterans
as has been seen in the city for a long
time. There were five posts represent
ed — Lincoln, Garfield. Cass. Meade and
Liberty — and the old men marched
from the place of rendezvous to the re
viewing station without a falter.
The officers of the day, with the
Board of Supervisors and the Board of
Education, took up the extreme- end of
the line.
There was no waiting for the start.
The parade was advertised to move at
10 o'clock, and at that hour the grand
marshal moved up Market street, led
by the police and followed by fully five
thousand men and children in line. Up
the street went the parade, greeted
from every window with cheers and the
Happing of flags and acompanied by the
music of every band the city could af
ford for the occasion. There was plenty
of music and the bands were willing,
and the course of the procession was a
mingled chorus of brazen notes and the
cheers of thousands.
Turning out Golden Gate avenue, the
parade passed up to Van Ness avenue,
and on the corner of Turk street it was
reviewed by Colonel Freeman of the
Twenty-fourth Infantry. /Then, while
the various organizations disentangled
themselves from the column and sought
their homes the veterans and those who
wanted to see and hear what was to
happen at the cemetery boarded the
cars and made their way out to where
the speaker's stand had been erected in
the soldiers' plot of the Odd Fellows.
The veterans and a platoon of artillery
from the Naval Militia were the only
organigations in formation, but the
crowds were large enough to make up
any lack of order, and the line of vet
erans, the last of the parade, disappear-
Ed through the cemetery gate, hemmed
in by a solid wall of humanity.
MEMORIAL EXERCISES
AT THE PRESIDIO
Thousands of patriotic Americans jour
neyed out to the Presidio reservation yes
terday to view the pageant of marching
soldiery and participate in the Memorial
day exorcises conducted by George H.
Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R., over the
graves of Its dead in the National Ceme
tery. Long before the arrival of the ad
vance guard of sightseers, the burying
ground which has been set apart to re
ceive the remains of departed soldiers and
sailors had been visited by friends and
relatives of the departed, bearing flowers
of all varieties, which they deposited on -
the little mounds of earth or entwined
about the marble headstones that marked
the last resting place of their ' beloved
ones, transforming • the graveyard" into a
veritable floral garden.
When, the members of Thomas Post and
other organizations who' participated in
the memorial exercises arrived at the en
trance to the Presidio, at 10:30 a. m. they
found drawn up to receive them a guard
of honor composed of a detachment of
the Twenty-fourth Infantry. U. S. A.
The procession was immediately formed
and the line of march to the cemetery
taken up in the following order:
GRAND MARSHAL.
Major Lewis Smith, U. S. A. (retired).
CHIEF OF STAFF,
Major Charles Jansen.
AIDS,
A Mautner, A. J. YtnlriK. W. J. Watson.
FOURTH UNITED STATES CAVALRY
BAND.
UNITED STATES TROOPS.
SAILORS AND MARINES UNITED STATES
NAVY.
SIGNAL CORPS, N. O. C.,
' ".ti'taln Hewes. Commanding.
FOURTH DIVISION, NAVAL BATTALION.
N. G. C,
Lieutenant Carl E. Lindsay, Commanding;
LEAGUE OK. THE CROSS CADETS.
Colonel W. I. -Sullivan, Commanding.
CARRIAGES — ORATOR. ..CHAPLAIN*. AND
: POET.' • ■ .••• ..<
MA.K'K -GENERAL - JOHN H. * DICKINSON
.■ £ --■■■ AND STAFF. .
GEORGE H. THOMAS POST NO. 2. CON
FEDERATE VETERANS.
VETERANS OF THE MEXICAN WAR. SONS
OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION.
Other Organizations and Guest*.
The soldiers and civilians who marched
in the ranks, afoot and on horseback, fol
lowed by carriages In which were the
guests of honor, presented a brilliant and
imposing- spectadle as they slowly wended
their way along the winding road. The
thousands of spectators who thronged the
sides of the avenues stood silent, many
of them with bared heads, as the proces
sion moved forward, the mournful music
of the band of the Fourth United States
Cavalry, which led the way, seemiiiK to
command reverence, even from those who
on ordinary occasions are most irrever
ent.
Arriving at the cemetery, the detach
ments from the battleship lowa, the re
ceiving ship Pensacola and the regular
troops deflected toward the monument
erected to the soldiers and sailors, where
services were held under the direction or
John F. Fitzgerald, while the main body,
including the veterans of the Mexican and
civil wars, the naval battalion and the
League of the Cross Cadets continued on
its way up the slope to the little natural
amphitheater, where the remains of the
post's dead are buried. Here a stand for
the speakers and those who were to t ; i k .
a more active part in the ceremonies had
been erected, and to it the speakers were
conducted, while- the others grouped
themselves around and in front. Numer
ous delegations of veterans were detailed
to atrevr Rowers over the graves of the
dead, which duty they performed while
the guns of the light battery of the Third
Artillery, stationed near the soldiers and
sailors' monument, boomed forth the na
tional salute of twenty-one kuhs.
The literary exercises were solemn and
Impressive, an occasional touch of hu
mor in the remarks of the speakers serv
ing to recall the minds of their hearers
from thoughts of melancholy and relieve
the proceedings from an aspect too fun
ereal. In the absence of General Warfield,
George R. Smedberg acted as president
of the day. The exercises opened with a
musical selection by the Fourth Cavalry
Band, after which the president made a
brief address of welcome and then intro
duced Rev. Dr. George C. Adams, who
offered prayer.
Post Commander Edward A. Bullis
then delivered a short address, in which
he paid a glowing tribute to the dead he
roes, whose memory, he said, the Ameri
can people loved to cherish and honor.
"The Nation's Dead," set to music by-
Frank G. Rohner, was effectively ren
dered by the Plymouth Quartet, and then
Lincoln's famous Gettysburg address was
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
recited by John H. Roberts, adjutant of
Thomas Post. Comrade Roberts was in
fine voice, and the utterances of the mar
tyred President on that memorable oc
casion fell from his lips with thrilling
emphasis and effect.
An anthem by the Cavalry Band fol
lowed, and then Nellie Holbrook Blinn re
cited "Beyond the Verge of Time," which
elicited enthusiastic applause from, the
assembled veterans.
President Smedberg then introduced
Charles A. Sumner, past commander of
George H. Thomas Post, as the orator of
the day. Mr. Sumner's address was pa
thetic and humorous by turns and an elo
quent tribute to the memory of the de
parted comrades whom they had assem
bled to honor.
"Ladies and gentlemen, comrades and
friends," began Mr Stunner, "this num
ber on the programme has been an
nounced as an oration. Now, there arc
very few orators in the world. I am not
one of them. But almost every full
grown Yankee is a talker. I'm one of
them.
"When George H. Thomas Post assem
hled to-day and marched out to pay a
meed of praise to our departed comrades
we were met at the entrance to the Pre
sidio reservation by a guard of honor
composed of black men of the Twenty
fourth regular infantry, and I could not
help thinking how appropriate it was that
the representatives of the race for whoso
liberty the great war was fought should
be present to aid in the ceremonies in
honor of those who shed their blood fop
them. Sixty-seven members of George H.
Thomas Post have passed away slnea
the post was organized; fifty of them Ha
beneath our f eet; we stand over tha
ashes of our dead to tell of their deeda
and pray for the salvation of their souls.
"1 know it is often said we did not go>
to war to fight for freedom. I deny it.
What were the words that fell from Lin
coln's lips at his first inauguration? I
was present and heard him. He said,
speaking of the people of the South: 'Tho
issue is with you; you have made tha
issue.' That issue was the slavery of the
black man. The people of the South, in
several organizations, had resolved to set
up housekeeping for themselves. They
saw that the onward march of civilization
was threatening to sweep away an insti
tution that they called by a more eupho
nious name but what we called chattel
slavery. Our revolutionary fathers ab
hored slavery so much that they refused,
to place the word in our constitution.
Jeff Davis, Mason and others — and I
speak of them with the most profound
and sincere respect, although I am glad
there is still one hour of one day in the
year when we can refrain from bowing
down in obsequious courtesies — they stood
for slavery, and Mason said slavery was
the cornerstone of the new republic. We
went down to Bull Run and said that
with God's help it should not be, and it
was not. But the battle for mankind is
not yet over. Not yet "O, Freedom, may
thou unlace thy corslet or close thy eya
in slumber."
The speaker then devoted a few re
marks in glowing eulogy of George H.
Thomas Post, which he declared was the
finest in the country* carrying on its
rolls the names of many whose glorious
deeda are a part of the history of the
nation.
"There is Irwin McDowell," he con
tinued. "Have you forgotten that first
commanding general of our army? He
was not to blame for the misfortune — a3
some are pleased to call it — of Bull Run.
That battle was well planned and ably;
conducted and lost through an unfortu
nate mistake in orders or by treachery.
The ashes of that brave and brilliant
man. that grand soldier and polished
gentleman, lie buried beneath a shaft in
this ground, in this national cemetery,
which is ours by the grace of Uncle
Sam."
In concluding 1 his remarks Mr. Sumner
made particular reference to the war in
the Philippines, and paid a neat compli
ment to General James F. Smith of, Cal
ifornia.
"We are all in favor of the present
war," he declared, "as we were of tiw
last and as we will be of the next. There
is one now serving in the Philippines
who is deserving of our best love and
esteem. I mean General James F. Smith
of the California Volunteers. I know
General Smith well. I practiced law with
him at the bar in this city. He is one
of those miracles of God's providence, an
honest lawyer and soldier. If it Was pos
sible to change the George H. Thomas
Post charter we would take him into our
ranks. There has been a great deal of
talk of heroes, and we are all heroes, but
there is a difference between bravery and
courage. A cornered rat will fight. A
man never knows what he is until just at
the supreme test of actual experience.
These whom we are assembled here to
day to honor were put to the test, and all
the world knows how nobly they ac
quitted themselves."
The Plymouth quartet sang "Decora
tion Day," taps were sounded by the
bugler of the Fourth United States Cav
alry, and the assemblage dispersed as
the" ipspiring strains of "The Star-span
gled Banner," by the cavalry band, re
sounded over the reservation.
EXERCISES AT ODD
FELLOWS' CEMETERY
High up on the hillside in the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery, overlooking the
city, the bay and the ocean, the veter
ans who had paraded the streets gath
ered to finish their tribute of respect to2
THE BIRTHDAY OF NATIONAL UNITY.
May 30, 1899.
UPON this anniversary, dearest and saddest to the hearts of all true Ameri
cans, I, in common with those who for four years helped to sustain one of the
most historic conflicts that history has ever recorded, feel that the chasm which
?o long separated a people of a united country has been bridged, and that this
Memorial day marks the beginning of the era of national unity, love and broth
erhood. To-day will be memorable always as the beginning oi a solemn, beau
tiful and touching feature in a mutual homage paid to our heroic dead, for to
lay the blue and the gray are one in a common sentiment. To-day the hearts
md hands of a united people do honor to those whose differences are buried
77 the oblivion of mutual respect, love and honor. Respect and veneration have
?ver characterized our observance of the rites of our soldier dead, and like the
jreat people that we are, the more we enter into the spirit of appreciation of
that which is worthy of all praise in the dead soldiers and sailors, without re
yard as to the cause which they espoused and for which they died, the closer are
we drawn into a common faith and a fuller enjoyment of the united brother
hood which is ours. To-day, marking as it does the complete burial of the
oast, is also the birthday of our national unity.
WILLIAM R. SH AFTER,
Major General, U. S. A., Commanding Department of California.
the memory of their departed comrades.
No fairer spot could have been chosen
for the last sleep of those who had so
well earned a rest. It is on the slope
that ends with the cross <>n Lone Moun
tain and begins with the sands of the
beach. In the center of the plat rises
the single shaft fashioned to resemble
a cannon and dedicated to the hero
dead, and around this are the gray
stones that mark where the veterans
lie.
Among the monuments the speakers'
stand was erected, and the veterans
and their friends grouped themselves
between that and the tall stune cannon.
This had been hung with wreaths and
gainst it the veterans had
leaned their weatherbeaten old Hag.
Behind it was the flagstaff, with the
flag, half hoisted, swinging lazily in
the wind.
Below the plat and almost at the foot
of the hill were stationed two guns from
the Naval .Militia's battery, and every
minute until taps had been sounded
their sharp report broke in on the
speakers words — v voice of war while
• was preaching peace.
Charles IMelman, president of the
day, opened the programme with some
remarks upon the nature of the eel< -
brat ion. He referred to the occasion as
being one f "f special significance; not a
day to mourn for the dead, but one to
do honor to their memory. The glory
they had achieved in the struggle tor
principle and liberty, he said, was far
greater than any fame they could have
wi.-n in the ordinary course of life. They
had done their duty well and unconv
plainingly, he said, and a nation's grati
sras their only recompense.
Rev. Charles Edward Locke delivered
the invocation. It was an eloquent plea
for the peaceful rest of the men who
riven all for their country. He re
ferred to the principiep upon which tin
war of the rebellion had been fought,
■,c tremendous changes which it
had wrought in history and of the
peace and prosperity which had fol
lowed in its wake. That such a con
flict could havf torn the country and
then that it could have settled into al
m<ipt absolute peace and prosperity im
mediately afterward, said the speaker.
was due to the character i-f the men
who fought and the patriotism which
actuated them. They fought not for
revenge nor for personal ambition; they
f« "tight not in bitterness nor in anger:
they fought for a principle, and having
established that principle they returned
to their homes and took up their neg
lected occupations just where they had
laid them down. The courage of the
soldiers of the American armies was
bred from the pilgrims, and it had been
handed down through all the wars for
freedom and for unity until It had be
come a part <>f the American man.
The immortal words of Lincoln on the
field at Gettysburg were recited by C
Is*. Harris and then the Burnett School
Choral Band sang an ode to the "Na
tion's Dead."
The memorial poem by W. W. Stone,
poet of the day, was then read. Its
closing stanzas are:
Thy wrath, O God, tornadoes call.
And in the blast is death;
For sinful man mur.t prostrate fall
Before thine angry breath.
Eternal God. remove our fears;
Be stilled the whirlwind's rack:
Let love descend these floral stairs,
To bear our tribute back.
Thy ancient temple ruined lies,
1 Let us thy temples be:
And in our hearts let altars rise
For sacrifice to thce.
Thy people sinned and freely bled.
Oh grant we shall not rind
That comrades' blood was vainly shed
For freedom and mankind!
; James G. Maguire, the orator of the ;
day, was then introduced. His whs a
splendid effort. For over half an hour
hie held the attention of his audience, |
and the wind carrying his voice up the
hillside, lost not a word. He spoke of
the sacredness of the day and of its |
deep significance to the younger gener
ation, for, he said, it is into their hands
the celebration of the day must pass j
when the men of '61 have joined their
comrades. He spoke, too, of the volun- j
teer soldier: of the unique conditions of :
his education and the inheritance of
courage which has come down to him
through generations. "The American
soldier is an American citizen even in |
the ranks." he said, "and he can never
be reduced to the level of a mere fight
ing machine, which is the type of the
European soldier." He paid, too, a
graceful tribute to the wives and moth
ers left at home while the volunteers
seek fame upon the battlefield. In Dart
he said:
We come not to mourn the heroes de- |
parted, but to honor their memories, and |
to renew our pledges and sentiments of
fealty to the cause and to the principles
■■ for which they died. 'We mourn them.
j not because we realize that length of
. years could not have increased the glory
iof their lives, nor could equal service
' have been rendered to mankind with
less sacrifice. They fought the bloodiest
war in the history of the world, contend
ing upon every field with men of equal
courage, equal skill and equal fortitude,
and against men who were animated by
I the same high sense of duty by which
they themselves were inspired.
That chapter in our nation's history is
] closed, and in fraternal spirit t"he sons ;
and daughters of the Confederate Vet
erans, with sincere devotion to Union and
Liberty, come "lovingly laden with flow
ers" to join in the national ceremony of
this day. To the whole people the soldiers
of the Union are heroes deserving univer
sal honor, and, as we glorify their mem
ories, we feel no . trace or thought of
gloating over those who fell in the cause
Of disunion, for "they banish our anger
forever when they laurel the graves of
our dead."
The volunteer armies of the Civil War
shed a new luster upon the name of "sol
dier," and a new glory upon our coun
: try, which must ever be a source of pride
' to all the future generations of our peo
ple. They were soldiers in spirit and in
discipline, comparing favorably in these !
I respects with the trained soldiers of the ■
j regular armies of Europe. But they were t
something more than soldiers, and of
some of these higher traits and qualities i
' I think it fitting to speak in commemor
; ating their services and their sacrifices.
Like their ancestors and prototypes of \
the revolution and of • the intervening '
wars, they were .men, inspired by the sen- '
| timents of individual duty and Individual •
responsibility!
Even as a soldier in the ranks he was j
an American freeman filled with the In- I
spiration of sentiment and with the self- '
I confidence which is born of . that noble i
| station.
One of the most striking incidents in \
the whole course of the Civil War, to my
mind, was the unwritten agreement based ,
upon a common love of dbuntry. and of
the character and services of Washing
ton, that Mount Vernon farm, the home \
of Washington, should be neutral ground,
to which the soldiers of both armies
might freely go without, fear of molesta
tion and pay respectful homage at Wash
ington's tamb. ,
But that was not the only startling and
unusual evidence of our higher civiliza- i
tion. At the close of each fierce battle j
the passions of the contending 'soldiers j
cooled immediately, and sympathy _ for
VETERANS PASSING THE REVIEWING OFFICER ON VAN NESS AVENUE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 31. 1899.
the wounded and the suffering prompted
acts of tenderness and kindness to ene
mies such as were nn>st rare In previous
wars, and for the first time in the his
tory of the world a .exeat rebellion in
volving millions of lives and billions of
treasure, closed without one drop of
blood being shed in vengeance by thp
conqueror, giving to mankind the' high
est examiil,- of civilized warfare in all thi
annals of war.
The Spanish- American war. in which
and throughout which the sons and
daughters of Federal and Confederate .sol
diers and the entire citizenship of our
country, without regard to sectional or
other divisions, brought undying glory to
our country and our flag, has demon
strated beyond the possibility of question
that we are a reunited people, in senti
ment and in spirit, with no trace remain
ing of either the cause or the bitterness
of the Civil War. To-day we delight in
recognizing the ex-Confederate cavalry
leader. General Joe Wheeler, as a hero of
our common country just as truly as we
recognize the national character of the
fame of Admiral George Dewey, who In
the Civil War served as a lieutenant un
der the Immortal FarraL-ut.
Henceforth there shall be no division of
our country on sectional lines. Let us
honor those who saved the Union, with
out unduly disparaging those who si
t" destroy it. but who are now its loyal
defenders.
The strewing of the flowers followed
the orator's address, and when the
graves had been transformed into
hanks of blossoms a firing squad from
Lincoln Post stepped forward and gave
;h«- three volleys that speed the sou!
of every true soldier. Then the song
"America" was sung by the people, a
1- nediction was said and the mournful
notes of "taps" ended the ceremonies.
OAKLAND'S TRIBUTE
TO HER HEROES
■ • ■ —-: :■ . ■ ;
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. May 30.
The observance of Memorial day in this
city was more general than for many
years past and the parade was composed
of all the Grand Army of the Republic
and allied organizations, including the
Red Cross.
Grand Marshal L. S. Bixby had every
thing ready for a start from the Exposi
tion building on time, and Chief Fletcher,
Captain Wilson, Sergeant Peterson and
a squad of sixteen officers headed the pro
cession. Marshal Bixby was accompanied
by his chief of staff, H. H. Kirby. and
Aids Colonel C. L. Pierce, Major E. W.
Woodward, N. S. Douglas and W. J
Cahill.
Major Hayes attended with Companies
A and F of the Fifth Regiment, in com
mand of Captains Poulter and Wenk.
After the young soldiers came the vet
erans, with the Veteran' Reserves first in
line. The following Grand Army of the
Republic posts were represented: Lyon
Post, Henry L. Longfellow acting com
mander; Appomattox Post, Peter Clarke
post commander; Admiral Porter Post, S.
P. Babcock post commander; Lookout
Mountain Post, A. M. Hamlin post com
mander.
Hon. J. R. Scupham was president of
the day and Professor T. O. Crawford
read the Gettysburg address of President
Lincoln.
Rev. Alexander Blackburn of Portland,
Or., orator of the day, spoke in part as
follows:
We stop an hour in our mad rush for wealth
and power and ask what mean these flowers
on graves? Why cut these stems or disturb
these roots this day more than other days; for
these graves more than for other graves? To
make some answer to this question we set
•ur thought. It Is not enough to say that these
craves hold the dust of soldiers. The world
has always been full of soldiers. They bore
the war clubs In the earliest barbaric times.
J They carried the bows and sped the arrows j
j when tribe met tribe. They thrust the spe&t |
I and hurled the javelin in Europe and they |
i marched in solid -columns under Xerxes. Sol- i (
diers' graves may "be found in every land, j !
[ whether they fell before Joshua's sword or
I were lighted to their death by the sun of Aus
! terlitz.
Mot because these men were brave then.
Records of bravery belong to every age and ;
country and are the possession of every eat We. j j
Goths were brave. The armies of Hannibal I ,
were almost fearless, and the troops of Ens- ,
land who sought to hold America for George '.
11l were not cowards. Nor yet do we honor ,
these graves bcoause these brave soldiers were ;
honest. They believed they were right, but so ' ;
did the brave men of the rank and file who ■ J
wore the Cray.
Falsely educated and falsely led we may see i ;
in the thousands who carried the muskets of ; (
the South men whose impulses were true and i
whose motives were patriotic.
Not so of their leaders; they were willfully , ■
and wickedly and traitorously wrong. Their '■
rebellion was not a blunder, but a crime, and \ ■
all ages will hold them responsible. If they : (
die unrepentant, let them die' unwept, and
never let the flag be lowered to half-mast for . ,
an unrepentant traitor.
No, comrades and fellow citizens. The men
whose graves are strewn with flowers were not | j
only soldiers, brave and honest, but they were \ }
more than these worrts describe. Another word
mußt be added. They were, as Judged by all ; ,
laws, human and divine, right. Their cause ;
Was a right cause. The flag under which they j
fought and fell represented sentiments that ,
were Just and true. They stood for unity and
not division.
These graves mark the campaign of an army
Of progress. Glorious were their achieve- ; i
ments, grand their victories. Vet there is more ; '
to be done.
The richest possessions of the earth are the
graves where the once living are buried. Th« sf
heroes lie moldering. the soul of their work ;
lives on. These graves of the dead and the I
wounds of the living call for a hlfflvr intelli- |
gence of the citizen, progress in the recognition
of human right, a higher appreciation of j
American citizenship.
Thousands feathered ;ii the cemetery to ! ■
witness the decorating of the soldiers'
graves and to see the salutea fired over
J each grave. -Hundreds of school children
i gathered at Mountain View, and a Quar
tet from the Central High School Ten- 1
i dered "Our Flag Forever."
Special exercises were held at the
Clawaon School In North Oakland.
This evening the First Baptist Church
was crowded. Thy programme was unu- !
sually fine. It was as follows: <
Organ voluntary. Miss Gertie Kimball; re- I
marks by president of thf evening, Comrade j i
| E. M. Gibson of Lyon IV.st No. 8; prayer by ,
' Comrade A. H. Needham, »astor of Eighth
Avenue MMhoriint Church. East Oakland; "The
! Meaning of Our Flag and Flag Salut-?." by i
; pui'il* of Lincoln School, under the direction of !
: Miss Caro True Boardman; recitation, "Bar- j
bara Freitchie," in costume. Cecil Cotton: i .
: duet. "The Vacant Chair." Miss Castle Hyde ;
and Miss Hattie Sampson; oration, Hon. Frank I I
GRAND MARSHAL L. S. BIXBY AND MRS. S. M. MARTIN OF THE
OAKLAND CELEBRATION. l
'-. McGowan; patriotic chorus, bj pupils ot Sweti
School: recitation, "The Unknown Dead."
f in hy Rt-v. 'Alexander Blackburn, recite i by
! ffcarles Kint: bugle call, "Taps," by Buglei
i Carroll J. Orton of Company A, Veteran ii"
p»rvpp; national hymn, "America," by audi
ence; benediction.
Mrs. S. M. Martin Bang "The Sfar
• spangled Banner" in such an Inspiring
manner that many in the audience rose
to th«>lr feet.
Ended With a Luncheon.
After the memorial services a) Odd Fel
lowb' Cemetery, the officers of tii-- day
were tend* red a luncheon by George R.
Fletcher, superintendent of tin- cemetery.
City Cemetery Graves Remembered.
Three hundred veterans graves at tin
G. A. R. plat in the City Cemetery wer<
decorated with flowers yesterday by Lib
erty Post No. 133, <;. A. R.
SONS OF ST. GEORGE PICNIC.
Interesting Athletic Games at Their
Annual Outing in Santa Cruz
Mountains.
The San Francisco. Oakland and Al.i
meda lodges of t h«- Order of Sons of ,-v.
George held their twelfth annual reunion
at Glenwood, Santa ("ruz Mountains, yes
terday. Aotit 2500 people wire in attend
ance. There were no accidents to mar the
pleasure of the day. the large crowd be
ing handled without friction. James Hal]
was chairman of the day. A. W, .1.
Gibbs acted as official starter of the
games. The results follow:
Boys' race— G Howson first, H. Hreeker sec
ond. A. Dingle third. Girls' race-Eva keitch
first Ella Howe second, Emma Dunning third.
Young men's race— G. J. Croll first, E. Ed
wards second. E. Christensen third. l oung
ladles' ran'— Genesta de Lancey first. Lucy
Morel second. Ellen Dingle, third. Race for
members Thomas Fake first. F. H. Orton sec
ond D E. Orton third, Archie Turnbull fourth.
Q Watchers fifth. Race for Daughters of St.
<;»<■. rir- M.i'"-! Carpenter first. Mrs. Orton sec
ond Mrs \ E < r ,b;i third. Mrs. Chubb fourth.
Mrs Heier fifth. Three-legged race— W. Chirk
'md H Pope first. A. I'errk and Nick Smith
second, A. Turnbull and F. Philips third. Sons
Of members (under 16>— W. G. Hasard first, Q.
H Seebeck second, a. Dingle third. Daughters
of- members (under MD— Miss de Lancey first.
Corena Reier second. Miss Ellen Dingle third.
E L. Leitch fourth. Past sretiidenta' race—
p w IhOttse first. A. Turnbull second. W. H.
Fake third. A. J. Willson fourth. Men's race— :
A. Perry first. T. Fake second, P. Riga third.
Ladies' rare— Mabel Carpenter first. Lulu Ren
curel second, Mrs. Rhodes third. Mrs. Orton
fourth Race for members of Albion Lodge—
T Fake first, F. } J hilii>s gecorid, a Watchers
third. Race for committee— W. H. Fake first, i
A I ' ins 1 c second, J. B. Brown third, P. Wood- j
house fourth. F. Philips fifth. Married ladles'
!•«,■( Mrs. ilanni.n tirst. Mrs. Reid second, Mrs.
Rhodes third. Mrs. Merrill fourth. Race for
members of Britannia Lodge— Mr*. Creba first.
Mrs Chamberlain second. Mrs. Hlnchcliff third.
Race for members of Golden Qftta L idge- Mabel
Carpenter first, Mrs. Orton second, Mrs. Chubb
third. .
SUICIDE ON THE
TRANSPORT SHERIDAN
CLERK ROBERT CREIGHTON
KILLS HIMSELF.
It Is Said That He Had Been Sick
and Despondent for Sev
eral Weeks.
Robert Crelghton, quartermaster's
clerk on the United States transport '
Sheridan, now lying oft' Folsom-stroet
wharf, was found dead in his bed at 5
O'clock yesterday afternoon. A bullet hole i
in his right temple and a revolver at his j
side told th<- story.
The officers on the vessel did their ut
most to keep the facts from becoming j
public. The facts of the case were
learned along the front and the Coroner
was telephoned to for further particu
lars.' At the Coroner's office nothing was
known of the case and the wagon was at
nnrv sent out. At Folsom-street whan
Deputies Gately and Flanagan were met
by Captain Uaeholder, who told them ho
knew nothing of the cas- beyond the
fact that the man was dead and that
Coroner Hill had been communicated
with, ;ml had given the resident quartern
master permission to have the body taken
to :ui undertaking parlors. When Coroner
Hill was interrogated over the telephone
)!•■ expressed considerable surprise, as he
had heard nothing of the cast-. He gave
the required permission, however, and
the wagon went back without the body.
A rumor was circulated to the effect
that the head bore wounds as if by a
blunt instrument, giving color to the the
ory of foul play: but the presence of
any such wounds was emphatically denied
by the undertakers.
Captain Bachelder, who has charge of
the vessel while she is- at sea, refused
positively to giv any information regard
ing Creighton, He said he could not even
guess at what his age was. although
Creighton had served under him for sev
eral months. He admitted that lie was
an elderly man. but would not say within
twenty years of what his age might be.
Others of the Sheridan's crew were just
nb"ut as wise. After close questioning
they admitted that Creighton "was a
pretty old man, who joined the vessel last
February in New York, and had been
sick and in low spirits for some time
past." rt wa.<= also learned that he had
bei n in the Government employ a number
of years and had a son IS years old.
Hon. Mark D. Wilber Here.
The Hon. Mark D. Wilber. a prominent
New York lawyer, ex-United States Dis
trict Attorney, ex-president of the New
York Society of California Pioneers and
president of the Wilber Mercantile
Agency, after an absence of nearly fifty
years, is making a tnur of the Pacific
Coast and is now visiting Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas V. O'Brien and family at their
country residence in Belvedere.
KNOCKED UNCONSCIOUS
BY A BRUTAL MOTORMAN
C. DAVIS HURT WHILE IN A
HELPLESS STATE.
Charles Davis, who resides at 623 Ten
nessee street, was struck on the head by
a motorman on the Folsom-street electric
line yesterday and did not regain con
sciousness until he arrived at the Re
ceiving Hospital. The injured man was
intoxicated and boarded the car in com
pany with Charles Hansen of 504 Twen
tieth street. Seeing Davis' condition the
conductor refused to allow him to ride
unless his friend went along to care for
him. During the discussion the motor
man showed his impatience by ordering
Hansen. off, but his fellow servant was
more lenient.
Davis showed a desire to enter the in
terior of the car. but his way was blocked
by the conductor, and during the dis
pute the motorman rushed in and struck
the inebriated man over the head with
the heavy handle used in controlling the
car. .
Despite the cries of "Shame!" from the
passengers the railroad employe struck
the helpless man again on the head, fell
ing him to the floor of the car. The un
conscious man. was then hauled out on
the street and carried to a nearby drug
store, while the car continued on its jour
ney.
As Davis did not regain his senses Offi
cer R. M. McDowell sent him to the hos
pital for treatment. It. was feared he had
sustained a fractured skull, but on close
examination two ugly scalp wounds were
found to be his only injuries.
E. C. Garbutt of 737 Howard street vis
ited police headquarters last evening and
stated he saw the motorman strike Da
vis. Up to a late hour the motorman who
committed the assault had not been taken
into custody.
..■ ■ ♦ ■
Bitten by a Vicious Horse.
William Purdy, who resides at 2042 How
ard street, had his hand bitten by a vi
cious horse at the Five Mile House yes
terday. Purdy was about to put the bri-
clip on trie horse, whon the brute roarer
and made a sudden plunge forward wit]
open mouth ami seized his hand. Purdy'!
cries for help attracted the ;uu-ntion o:
some men who were about the yard a
the time. They came to his aid and witl
a broom handle beat thr- animal oft. Th.
injured man was conveyed to the Citj
and County* Hospital, where Dr. Tillmai
dressed the lacerated wounds. Fortunate
ly no bones were injured.
FORESTERS ENJOY
A MERRY REUNION
PLEASANT DAY SPENT AMID
THE GROVES.
Picnic at California Schuetzen Park
Largely Attended — Prizes to Be
Distributed.
The nation's holiday was taken advan
tage of by the Ancient Order of Foresters
and its twenty-fifth annual picnic and re
union was held at California Schuetzen
Park. San Rafael. Although the day was
it a as pleasant as recreation seekers could
wish. ;i big crowd assembled at the
grounds before the opening of the games
anil tin dance. The first trains came to
a stop at the park in the early morning
and the picnickers made preparations fur
the imon luncheon. The hour came, the
feast began, and when concluded the.
; games commenced. The results of the
| games follow:
Race for boys under 10 ypars— Joe McCarthy
first, Sherman Ahrams second.
Race for girls under 10 years— Alma Ferris
! first. Helen Haffopd second.
Race t'<.r !>■>>> under II y.-ars— Rafael Duftey
first. W. Corcoran second.
Race for girl? under 14 years— Katie Smith
first, Emma Smith second.
Race for hoys under IS years— Charles Stram
first, W. Nelson second.
Race for pills under 18 years— Maggie Quinn
first. Uena Perry second.
Race for young men— Charles McFadden first,
Dan Flannlean second.
Race for ynung ladies— Maud "Wigham first,
Chilia Brown second.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
■ I-- d"^K '% -
< ■'"■ 'm V ®
Urn 3 ff^\*t^S^~ fei.^ «^*
DOCTOR SWEANY.
I-| E RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND VITAL-
ity to weak men. Organs of the body I
which have been weakened ' through disease, ;
overwork, excesses or indiscretions are restored !
to perfect health and strength through his new j
and original system of treatment. RUPTURE I
cured by his new method, without knife, truss '•■
or detention from work ; a painless, sure and
permanent cure. VARICOCELE, hydrocele, '
swelling and tenderness of the glands treated
with unfailing success. CONTAGIOUS BLOOD
POISON in . any :of its : stages thoroughly
eradicated from the system. LADIES will re-
ceive ; special ' attention for all their many ail-
ments. WRITE if you cannot call. No charge
for advice by ; mail. He will also send you a :
valuable book, "Guide to Health," free of
charge. Address F. L. SWEANY, ivc p.. 737 j
Market street,' San Francisco. Ca.l.
Race for married ladies— Mrs. Bryrte first,
Mrs Kate O'Donncll 6
(bace for married men— George A. Hanson
first, .r. Wilson st nd.
Race for past chief rangers— P. F. Hall llrst,
J. R. Watson Becond.
Race tor pas* chief companions— Miss Stevens
first. Miss Marden second.
Race tor members A. O. F.— J. Clark first,
I ECenard second.
Race for members ('. O. P.— Mrs. H. Travers
first. Rose Ambrose second. *
Race tor juveniles— John Falconer Jr. first,
Henry (Jarrity second.
Race for chiiT rangers A, O. F.— M. S. lies
son first. 1? A. I'erry second.
At the conclusion of the games the
dance began. The old and the young
j mingl'-d in the mazes of the waltz and on
until the hour for return the merriment
; kept up. The committee having the pic
■ nic and reunion in charge neglected no
• details calculated to add to the fun, and
In consequence an enjoyable day was the
result.
Some half a hundred gat>' prizes are still
to be distributed. \i • . th< return to the
! city the gate-tag ken to the lodge
: rooms and as Boon as thi winners ran lie
I determined they will be called upon to
[come and carry a#ay their prises;
A Sacramento Girl's Arrest.
Grade Wise, a young woman who came
I from Sacramento two weeks ago, was ar
j rested 'early tins morning by Detectives
Dlnan. Reynolds and Cavanaugh on the
corner of Mason and Turk streets. She is
! charged °y John Bronsted, a carpi I
Hying "ii Third robbing him =r
%V 1" at his room in a lodging-house. Bro*
Bted says the girl was Introduced to hir*
by M. '■""■ -' ion on Kearny
street and thai h< was Informed by the
lodging-house keeper ihai for 170 he could
i ha vi' the $12(.i returned.
Howard Street Church Social.
A gvand musical and literary entertain
ii). in was given at thi Howard Street
M. E. Church last evening for the pur
pose of raising a fund with which the
Indebtedness or the Boys' Brigad< might
be canceled. The programm< . whicl
eluded many vocal and Instrumental
numbers, was greatlj ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Two Heads Are
Better Than Oner
One, however, is the por-
tion allotted to the average
mortal. If this one aches
and will not work properly,
it is 'worse than none. Then
the stomach is blamed, or the
kidneys and liver are cen-
sured. 'But as a fact, the
blood is solely responsible for
the condition of these organs.
'Purify it and they 'will be
made healthy.
The natural blood purifier .and tonic is
Hood's Sarsaparilla. It has been " tried"
and never "found^wanting."
Humor — " When I need a blood pu-
rifier I take Hood's Sarsaparilla. It cured
my humor and is excellent as a nerve
ionic. ' Josie Eaton, Stafford Springs, Ct.
Erysipelas — "SMy little girl is now
fat and healthy on account of Hood's Sar-
saparilla curing her of erysipelas ana
eczema. It is our family medicine, as
•we all take it." Mrs. Henry O. Wheatly,
\ 16 Main St., 'Port Chester, N. Y.
Hood'a Fills cure liTer ills ; the non-irritating and
only cathartic to take •with Hood's Sarsaparilla.
• ' • ■ ir~ ■ — •
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great, I
(MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
i £) 1051HABZ£TST.lei.6:h*7th,S.r.CjJ. | I
T Of The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
I ' «<s*~~^v r ° rlc '- Weaknesses or any contracted Q
" {EESn disease po»ill»rljr cared by the oldest T
% Jggl Specialist on the Coast EsL 36 years-. 0
4 j§^ft OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES j
\ ff^jra^S Consultation free and strictly private. \
ijjiff 1 OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE OISEASES j
itMDI Consultation free and strictly private. \
I TSwg Treatment personally or by letter. A M
\ R / 11 n ''<"""■■« Cure in every case undertaken. T -
■I 9 1 IW Wrlte for r.ook.lUIII. ONOI'IIV of A
W" « II ■ M»RBIAr.E, MAILED FREE, (AT
1 li II- valuable book for men) k
f OK. JOKI>AN*€©., 1051 Market St.. S.F. V
IMCn VMM LOST VIGOR.
>™« 1— AND MANHOOD
KjeijS™' \ Cures Impotcncv Night Emissions and wasting
0R8) 39 Q diseases, all effects of scli'jbusc. or excess and
'Kj "VJII indiscretion. A nerve'tonic and blood'builder.
, \& <£ff Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and tt*
fLp^-J stores the (ire of youth. By mail 500 per
K[fk^9KL boxi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a writtea
Jrllf^NsCT^guarantee to cure of refund the money.
Nervita medic*! Co., Clinton ft [Jackson »ts., Chicago.
E. L. Baldwin & Co.. Druggists. 8 Market, S.F.
iM^ & B I IFaIP^M^
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
: Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUGEHA & CO.
j. SOLD BY ALL. DRUGGISTS.
ELECTRIC BELTS.
T'l'ices from ?3 50 to
XtVV J- *^^<Wji ?25. Largest manu-
«S^l> U • ITM factur^rs in the T'nl-
| l JLLt,ifffWf3Ty ted States. No Quacks
connected with this
0 I^vf^^w^^^^x establishment. •
STcC 83T For particulars
iJCJp-^ ■ call or send 2c In
'jT x » stamps for "Booklet
No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel, S. F.
Ld^ FAVORITE
pSGRIPTON
E, FOR WEAK WQMEft.
J'W'VVVVSVVVVVVVVVWWVVWVWVW
if |m
I A PERMANENT CURE \
, » of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea <
■£ and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 5
i, days ; no other treatment required. 5
£ Sold by all druggists. $
"D TT C 17 C FOR BARBERS, BAK-
, OAIIU iJilillJ *"". bootblacks, bath-
w maamb^ nougeSt bllUar( i tables,
I brewers, bookbinders candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
| hangers/, printers, painters, shoe factories,
! stablemen, tar-rnofprs. tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturer*. 609 Sacramento ■»»
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNEY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD it
CO. European plan.' Rooms.- 50c to $1 oO day:
15 to $8 week; $6 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room ; tire grates in every
room : elevator runs all night.
i Weekly Gall, $1.00 w Year-THE NORTH AND SOUTH JOIN HANDS
McKINLEY GOES
TO ARLINGTON
Washington Observes
the Day.
special r>i»patch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 30. -The national
i! devoted itself :o the observance ol
oration day. The departments wen
■ 1. public and private business was
The parade started early in
the day, traversing the principal s1
•v tin- many Grand Army posts
and veterans' organizations represented
In line, the full stre.igth of the National
Gt'.ard of the District and of the Naval
Battalion turned out. The bluejackets
from the dispatch-boat Dolphin wer<
In line. The ceremony at Arlington was
: the pn sence of the President
and mem his Cabl
many leading officers of the army arid
as well as of officials prominent In
V Ie life. It began at noon with the
V ring of a national salute. The -services
were two-fold, the veterans of the field
fathering in the amphitheater. while those
o'. the navy met In front of the historic
I.cc mansion. Decoration of the graves
was a solemn and impre: iture of
the exercises, in which the entire gather-
Ing ji
The procession formed south of the
mansion and headed I h< Marini band
marched through < I white
t")iiti!=. At rhe great si itafalque
which mark;- the r^sl tig place of hun
dreds of unknown dead th< pro.
■ d and the band played a dirge, while
• r hands draped t lie monument with
• with
Sags and flow
Returning to the amphitheater the for
mal • with the sounding of
the assembly l a the reading
of the order <•: . General Calvin
Farnsworth, department commander »*.
A R - officers. These con
nusic, the reading of
iln's address at Gettysburg, original
pi ems br< .(.thing the patriotic spirit and
n by Webster Davis, Assistant
tary of the Interior.
: ceremony In front of the Lee
■.as unique in presenting a re
view ' > from its Inception.
fhurston af Nebraska spoke of
navy durii Civil War. His
is a recital ••! the heroism which
Qicts inspired and of the
ding )t an American navy
which is at once "the pride of the United
. the wonder and dread of all
JOE WHEELER SPEAKS
TO BOSTON MEN
BOSTON, Mass.", May 30.— the first
time an ex-officer of the Confederacy to
day delivered the Memorial day address
before a New England Grand Army post.
ral Joseph Wheeler, the cavalry
leader, who led the boys In gray at the
famous charge at Shlloh and, nearly thir
ty-seven years after, beneath the Stars and
Stripes, cheered on the volunteers at San
tiago, was the puest of honor at the
Memorial day services of E. W. Kinsley
Post 113, G. A. X., at the Boston Theater.
The immense auditorium was" filled to Its
utmost capacity. The singing- of the
"Battle Hymn of the Republic by Com
rade Myron W. Whitney and a chorus
and the presentation to the audience of
Its author. Mrs. Julia Ward Howe, called
forth a tremendous burst of applause.
Rev. John Undsey Wlthrow offered
prayer and was followed by Commander
Ira B. Goodrich of Post 113 and others.
President Lincoln's address at Gettysburg
was read by Comrade James H. Leather
bee and the post chaplain's address was
made by Rev. E. A. Morton.
When General Wheeler arose to speak
the applause was tumultuous. Cheer upon
cheer arose from thousands and It was
nearly fifteen minutes before the general
could make himself heard.
•
NORTH AND SOUTH
FINALLY UNITED
rtiii.ADKi.FHiA, May 30.— Memorial
day was more elaborately observed in this
I city than for a number of years. Promi
' ■ local orators delivered addresses
during the ceremonies by the Grand Army
of the Republic at the various cemeteries.
The trend of all th<- Bpeeches was that
the war with Spain had cementei
N"rtli and Smith in a bond of fr
Bympathy never again to be broken. At
the National Cemetery in Germantown. a
suburb of this city, where the bodies of
_.'! Confederate soldiers are buried, for
the first tinie the graves of the men who
wore the gray were decorated with a tlai^
and a floral emblem by the soldiers of the
North.
Over th< grave <<i Betsy Rous, in whose
house the tlrst American Hag was made,
there were appropriate services, followed
bj th« raising of a large flag by her great
granddaughter, Mrs. Mary Sydney Gar
rett. An address was made by John
Quincy Adams of New York.
Pioneer Woman Gone
BAKERSFIELD, Maj W.
Canfleld, a pioneer of Kern County, diec
Bbddenly to-day.
./anaemiaX
Kj ' Paleness f General Weakness S .
H • Headache ' M Tendency to Faint . *■' jj£
P Nervousness X Palpitation of Heart . .H.
HI . Emaciation * Loss of Appetite J|
w\ Melancholia Sleeplessness 1:4
Ik HUDYAN CURES. § '
(•) Anaemia is paleness. Anaemia denotes decline. Men and women suffer from this ®
•$' disorder but more Often anaemia is associated with those irregularities and diseases «
'• to which women alone are subject. Anaemia is a forerunner of consumption and other T
r\ er HUDYAN will correct this evil. HUDYAN makes rich, red blood. It removes the +
X cause* that cive rise to this pale and bloodless condition. HUDYAN'S cures are per- ®
® manent - ESCONDIDO, Cal. | #^ PORTLAND. Or. ♦
X ■ Dear Doctors: I took the Hudyan ac- • Dear Doctors: I desire to add my tcsti- (•)
••) cordinc to directions, and am pleased to mony relative . to the merits of Hudyan. ,-.f
f" Bay It cured me lam no longer pale, and I was greatly run ditwn In health, was /ji
® have gained remarkably in strength. I pale, weak and nervous., I was very thin, 1 V
1j! don't suffer those pains every month now, had no appetite. Had other complications ♦
VI formerly did Hudyan Is the now. had no appetite. Had oth<-r me of all dip- t
M I rormerly OM Hudyan Is the h.-si uls... Hudyan soon relieved me of .ill di,*- ®
r& remedy on earth for women. tress. lam to-day in perfect health, and >
?:+]rf< MRS. K. ■Ci TAFT. I owe It to Hudynn. MISS, E. CHESMORK. (J)
(i) HUDYAN is for sale by druKCists. GO cents a package or six packages for $2 50. ♦
I. If your druggist does not keep; HUDYAN,'. send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY ®
X CO.. corner Stockton. Ellis «and Market streets, Sun Francisco, Cal. 4.
® YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE ©
♦ OP CHARGE. CALL OR WHITE. ■ >
®i®t®V®4®4® ♦ ®>® -f ®4®'-f®t'®4€*@V®+®+® ♦©♦©♦©^ ®t®-f ®i®t® I
ROOSEVELT TALKS
FOR IMPERIALISM
A Speech at Grant's
Tomb.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 30.— The sarcopha
gus of General Grant in the tomb at Clare
mont was covered with flowers this af
ternoon after Impressive ceremonies by
U. S. Grant Post, G. A. R., of Brooklyn,
an address by Governor Roosevelt and a
salute of twenty-one guns fired from the
United States cruiser Brooklyn, which lay
in the Hudson just below the hill with
all her battle-flags flying.
More than 10,000 persons witnessed the
! ceremonies and crowded Claremont in the
i vicinity of the tomb. A large stand had
been erected on the east side of the tomb,
covered with red, white and blue bunt
ing. Here the ceremony was conducted.
General A. W. Clous of Governors Island
and Colonel H. D. Woodruff, acting com
missary general of the regular army, rep
resented the army.
Governor Roosevelt received an ovation
when he arose to speak. He delivered a
eulogy on General Grant. Of him he said:
Mercy and peace go hand In hand. It General
Grant had shown mercy at Fort Donelson It
would have meant years of destruction and
Jesolatii,n, and If he had not shown mercy at
ApDomattox a breach of peace would have
widened between us and our brethren which
never could have closed.
Continuing, Governor Roosevelt said:
Here I stand In this beautiful spring weather
In our own beloved country and State, with
quiet peace prevailing, while In the tropical,
withering heat of the Philippines. . lighting for
the glorious flag with the same motive you
Grand Army men fought with In IM>4, are your
sons and their hero comrades. - .
Those men have a right to demand that you
think of them not with maudlin sympathy or
reeret. but as soldiers and men. Small, in
deed, be my respect for an American, unless
bound by ties of family and dependence, if he
did not welcome the chance to serve under
Otis and Mac Arthur and follow gallant Funs
ton as they follow the flag that you and their
fathers followed to victory In the civil war.
Let us make our voices felt in the Philippines,
that we stand behind the men who are doing
all they can to honor the flag as you did, and
remember, when victory comes, as it will, that
a heavier task by far is on us— the task of
peace. When order is restored in the Philip
pines we must make peace and keep order
there and bring prosperity with this order.
We must learn by lessons of which we are
not proud, no less than those of which we are
proud. Don't be afraid to face facts as they
are. whether they are or are not pleasant. I
learned a few days ago that there is an
Alaskan town which does not care to consider
itself of the United States, but wants to be
declared a part of Canada, but the United
States would not take the trouble to provide
for its proper government. Every good Ameri
can should bow his head in shame that such
a request should be made because of the neg
lect of the United States Government. Lei
(•very man do all In his power and with all his
force to see that every colony over which the
flog waves, as well as at home, be governed
so that the people of those colonies will he
lieve It to be a great thing to have the chance
to live under that flag.
One of the most remarkable features of
the day was the extraordinary reception
corded the Seventy-first -Regiment In
the New York military parade. Several
officers of this organization have been
subjected to inquiry regarding their con
duct in Cuba, but the men were greeted
to-day with enthusiasm that has seldom
been seen in New York. All along Fifth
■ avenue the crowd yelled and cheered
- when the Seventy-first passed as they did
; for no other regiment. Women tore off
sashes, ribbons and even caps and waved
them in the air.
As the Seventh Regiment of the Na
tional Guard, which did not go to war,
passed the reviewing stand of the Man
hattan parade several persons began to
hiss. The hissing grew in volume until
it was almost drowned by the cheers with
which the friends of the regiment tried
to tide this unfriendly demonstration.
MORE IMPORTANT
THAN PHILIPPINES
GETTYSBURG. Pa.. May 30.— Memorial
day was observed- at the National Ceme
tery hen- with the usual elaborate cere
monies and the graves of fallen heroes
were decorated by school children and
veteran soldiers of the Civil War. In
the [.a lade Pennsylvania volunteers who
served during the war with Spain
marched as an escort to the G. A. R.
Between the columns of the young and
the old veterans rode Major Genera] I>.
E. Si< kles and Congressman Zeigler of
[his district. A number of civic organiza
tions also took part. The h;ind from the
Carlisle Indian School furnished the
music The weather was delightful and
the ceremonies were attended by an un
usual crowd. The principal speaker was
the Hon. D. I>. Woodmansee of Cincin
nati. He referred to the Spanish war and
said the question of law and order. and
the exclusion of those elements of society
nut tip to our standard of manhood and
womanhood were more Important than
whether the Philippines shall be ours.
Touching upon the evidences of a re
unit* d country he said:
"We are a reunited country; ready to
do battle together for our country's flag."
«
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 31, 1899.
FLORAL TRIBUTE
TO SOLDIER DEAD
California's Choicest Blossoms Are
Strewn on the Graves of
Veterans.
STOCKTON. May 30. — Memorial
day was generally observed here.
Few places of business opened in
the morning, and those which
did closed at noon. The exercises
at the cemetery were preceded by a pa
rade under the auspices of Rawlins
Post, Grand Army of the Republic. The
procession was headed by the Sixth In
fantry band, followed by the uniformed
Exempt Firemen, seventy-five strong.
The Pioneers and Mexican "War Veter
ans came next and following them
was Rawlins Post, under command of
Colonel Hardacre. Carriages contain
ing the chaplain of the day, orators,
Woman's Relief Corps and other or
ganizations had next positions, while
several wagon loads of flowers brought
up the rear.
The exercises at the rural cemetery
were held at the Gridley statue in the
Grand Army plat. Rev. R. H. Sink
gave the invocation, after which a
quartet consisting of Miss E. E. Trethe
way, Miss Kittie Thomas, Mrs. Fred
Chase and M. Haynes sang a patriotic
ode. Colonel James E. Eaton read Lin
coln's memorable address at Gettys
burg, after which W. W. Middlecoff de-
Uvered an eloquent address upon the
lessons of the day. After "taps" by
Bugler John Burke the audience dis
persed and decorated the graves <rf
veterans, Northern and Southern. The
National Guardsmen, Native Sons and
Exempt Firemen also remembered their
departed friends.
The evening services were held at the
First Christian Church. The invocation
was by Rev. EL C. Meredith, a Southern
Methodist minister. Rev. J. W. Lundy
made touching remark? upon "The Un
known Dead"; Mrs. C. A. Merrill spoke
from the subject "Woman and Her
Mission in Caring for Our Heroes";
Rev. T. A. Boyer eloquently told of the
disappearance of sectional strife in his
address, entitled "Comrades of One
Flag." The principal address, "Origin
and Sentiment of Memorial Day," was
by Rev. R. H. Sink. Rev. E. L. B. Mc-
Clellan gave the benediction. The ser
vices were largely attended, many be- j
ing unable to obtain admission to the
church.
General Shafter Talks.
SAN JOSE. May 30.- The Memorial day
celebration here was the best in years.
The s« rvices were Impressive and at
tracted more than usual attention. No
parade was held. This morninK the Grand
Army posts and Woman's Relief Corps
and other auxiliary societies divided ini>>
two parties and with over 100 school chil
dren wont to Oak Hill and Santa Clara
cemeteries. Tons of flowers had been pro
vided and the graves of the soldier dead
were piled high with garlands. Short
memorial services were held and salutes
ftred.
This afternoon exercises were held at
Victory Theater. Ex-Confederates had
been Invited and these, with old I'nlon
soldiers and friends, filled the building.
Senator C. M. ShortridgJ was master of
ceremonies. Chaplain J. Harrison Ma
comber delivered the benediction. Hon.
Prank McGbwan was orator of the day.
Miss Esther Macomber, the chaplain's ac
complished daughter, recited "Our Na
tions Volunteers" in faultless style.
There was a beautiful floral tribute rep
res< nting the different -wars of the coun
lii the evening General Shatter was the
star attraction, and he packed Victory
Theater. His subject was, "'The Cam
paign Before Santiago." Hon. H. V.
Morehouse Introduced him.
The programme was as follow*: Pa
triotic Belection, Victory orchestra; Invo
cation Rev. Dr. Kummer; trio and
chorus, "See the Conquering Hero i
Comes" (Handel), Nordlca Quartet and
San Jose Oratorio Society; poem, ad
dressed to Major General Shafter (Mrs.
A A. Stowe), Miss Esther Malcolm
Johnson of San Francisco; quartet, "Co
lumbia' (Parksi. Nordiea Quartet; solo
and chorus, "Star Spangled Hanner"
Mary Weaver-McCaUley, San Jose Ora
torio' Society; selection. Victory orchestra.
General Shafter paid a high tribute to
the valor and patriotism of the American
sol(!i>rs who never faltered in their duty
though often under circumstances that
w< n disagreeable and distressing. In
regard to the agitation over the rations, i
hi said he had heard no conplaint on that !
score until he returned to the T'nlted |
States. He dented Uiere had been any
Buffering caused by willful neglect. All
such reports were absolutely untrue. He
said that of the 1400 wounded all were In
hospital the next night, though scattered
over tour miles of territory. His remarks
were vehemently applauded.
Factional Lines Forgotten.
PACIFIC GROVE, May 30.— Memorial
flay was elaborately celebrated here to
day. Monterey joining with Pacific Grove
and the exercises being under the aus
pices of Lucius Faircblld Post, Grand
Army of the Republic. Veterans of three
wars— the Mexican, the Civil (both blue
and gray being represented) and the
Spanish-American, the latter being sol
diers and sailors returned from Manila
participated. This celebration was. like
others throughout the country, unusual
in that for the first time since the sixties
the North and South joined in honoring
the nation's dead.
The day was opened by a military me
morial service at the graves of soldiers
mar old Fort llallick Monterey, fol
lowed by addresses by H. A. Greene and
Rev. Father R. M. Mestres. the decora
tion nt craves, the firing of a salute to
the dead and the sounding of "taps."
The memorial exercises in the evening
were at Assembly Hall and included two
principal addresses in which North and
South were represented. The addresses
were delivered by Judge 11. 1). Talcott,
formerly Assistant Adjutant General on
the staff cf General Emery, r. S. A., and
Colonel A. \V. .limes, formerly Assistant
Adjutant General on the staff of General
Sterling Trice. C. S. A. A notable fea
ture oi the evening was a prayer by the
venerable chaplain. Father Peck, who is
in his ninety-first year, having lived
through four American wars.
Blue and Gray Fraternize.
BAKERSFIELD, May 80.— Blue and
gray fraternized' here to-day and. marched
to the Union Cemetery to - the music of
two hands. School children and citizens
brought up tins rear of a long procession.
Company G of the National Guard: acted
as a guard of honor. Wagon loads of
flowers were laid on the graves through
out the cemetery. One-immense load- of
rare flowers was pent in from Stockdale,
the home of W. S. ■ Tevis. The exercises
concluded this evening at • Scribners'
Opera-house, where Rev. Edgar R. Fuller
delivered an oration. Every Grand Army
veteran made a special- effort to prevent
any harsh allusions to the men who wore
the gray, and there was none. ' • .
A touching scene was witnessed when
on.- lone grave of a Spanish war soldier
was decorated. . It was the grave -of
Private Linn Roberts,' who "died while in
camp at the Presidio. r : • *:
At Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. May 30.— Memorial day
wma observed as a general holiday. All
places of business were closed and fla<rs
were at half must. At 9 o'clock there was
a Sag raising at the Lower Plaza, after
which a detachment from the Grand
Army decorated the graves of old sol
diers at the Evergreen Cemetery. At 1
o'clock the parade formed as follows.
Rand, firing party, soldiers and marines
of Spanish war. Sons of Veterans. prest
dent Of the day, ministers of the gospel,
G. A. R.. old soldiers of the Blue and the
Gray. Mexican War Veterans. Woman's
Relief Corps, public school children. At
the Armory there were a selection by the
band, a prayer by Rev. M. D. Buck, son-?
by Miss Minnie Dyer, President Lincoln .s
Gettysburg address by Hon. L. F. Smith,
oration by Rev. Alex. Katin. "Star
Spangled Banner" by Miss Dickinson, a
poem composed by W. S. Waiter, read by
H. C. Henney; owrture by City Band,
decoration of graves of the unknown
de;id by Children Oi the Grant School,
"Ame'fiia" by the audience, benediction
by Rev. P. R. Adams. After the exer
cises the procession reformed and march
ed to the Odd Fellows' Cemetery, where
the graves of the old soldiers were deco
rated.
Denounced the Regulars.
L.ODI. May 30.— Business was suspended
here to-day. The Grand Army Post and
the Woman's Relief Corps, headrri by a
brass band, led hundreds of school chil
dren in a march through the town to the
grove. where exercises were held.
Throngs of people came from the sur
rounding country. The exercises were
held in a large pavilion among the trees.
The addfess of the day, by Rev. J.
W. Brier, a survivor of the famous Death
Valley party, caused a sensation. He
paid .some tribute to the heroes of the
"'ivtl War. but began a tirade against sol
diers in general, accusing the regulars of
being worthy of no respect, because they
were lighting the' Filipinos. He de
nounced the war as unjust and uncalled
for. and said such soldiers by profession
were unworthy men. The Cubans and
Filipinos, he declared, had the same right
to right for independence, as had Wash
ington in the Revolution. He predicted
disaster to the natipn if this system of
conquest went on.
Graves Covered With Flowers.
PETALUMA, May 3<).— Decoration day
was observed in this city by a total sus
pension of business and by services con
ducted under the auspices of Antietam
Post, Grand Army of the Republic, and
Antietam Relief Corps. At 10 o'clock a
parade formed, headed by the Company
C band, and proceeded to Cypress Hill
Cemetery. In a. natural amphitheater a
platform had been erected and seats ar
ranged. Fully 1100 people had assembled.
A X Winans acted as president of the
day. Judge A. G. Burnett, who had kind
ly ' volunteered to deliver the address
owing to the illness of Captain \V. S.
Barnes, was warmly received by his
former townsmen. He delivered an elo
quent and interesting discourse and was
frequently interrupted by applause. When
the mournful echo of "taps" had died
away the assemblage broke up and every
one'proceeded to decorating the. graves
of loved ones.
Children March in Parade.
NEVADA CITY. May 30.— To-day's
Memorial day observance* in this city
were participated in by the entire com
munity, many people coming from neigh
boring towns to help swell the turnout.
The morning procession was made up of
Company C, National Guard of Califor
nia; Mountain Company, Uniformed
Rank Knights of Pythias; Chattanooga
Post, Grand Army <>f the Republic;
Woman's Kelief Corps and Ladies of the
Qrand Army of the Republic; Rebekah
Degree, Odd Fellows, ami several hun
dred school children, besides :i long line
of citizens in carriages. Rev. J. W.
Phelps, of the Broad Street Methodist
Church, was the orator of the day. To
night Nevada City held public memorial
services. Addresses were delivered by
Leonard S. Calkins, B. N. Shoecraft, J.
G. O'Neill and I. C. Llndley.
Estee Speaks at Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA. May M.— Many hundreds
of people participated In the celebration
of Memorial day here. A mass demonstra
tion was held at the Athenaeum. State
S. nator Sims was president of the day.
Commander B. D. Kennedy, Rev. J. A.
Batohelor, Judge Crawford, Lieutenant
Holmes, E. D. Sweet ser and a double
quartet took part in the programme. A
masterly address was delivered by Hon.
Morris M. l&Stee of Ban Francisco. The
parade was marshaled by ftiajor Juill'iard
and Included Company X of the National
Guard, under command of Captain
Haven; Ellsworth Post of the Grand
Army of the Republic, and th» ladies of
the Grand Army of the Republic. At the
cemetery exercises were held at the
Grand Army monument.
Former Foes Side by Side.
CHICO, May 30.— Decoration day was
generally observed In this city. Appro
priate exercises were held at the ceme
tery. William H. Scoler delivered an ad
dress to the veterans. The. Eighth Regi
ment band and the Fire Department
turned out as an escort to the Grand
Army veterans. A notable feature of the
parade was the marching side by side of
A. C. Kroyles and I. M. Terrell, who
fought on opposite sides during the late
war. Broyles served under General Joe
Wheeler and Terrell under General
Thomas. Many times during the war
they took part in the same engagement,
but on different sides.
The Day at Vallejo.
VALLEJO, May 30.— Never before was
Memorial day more fittingly observed in
I Vallejo. The public ceremonies were un
| der the auspices of i Farragut Post No. 4,
1 G. A. R., and many gray-hatred veterans
. marched in line to Union Cemetery. The
I exercises Included: Invocation, Rev. T.
i J. Burnham; reading orders and Lincoln's
' Gettysburg address, Adjutant H. D. Rich
ardson; solo and chorus, "Cover Them
I Over," Mrs. Andres and choir; Grand
j Army prayer. Chaplain S. E. Wilson; ad
| dress Commander J. A. Andres; oration,
Percy King; requiem for the dead, choir;
decoration of monument to the unknown
dead, officer of the day J. A. Lambert;
benediction. Rev. William Bollard."
Thousand Cyclers in Parade.
LOS ANGELES, May 30,-The observ
ance of Memorial day here was marked
by one unusual feature. One thousand
bicycle riders, members of the associated
cycling clubs of the city, formed an im
posing parade and proceeded to the ceme
teries where they strewed flowers lavishly
upon the graves of the nation's heroes.
At all the schools throughout the city
yesterday memorial services were held
and to-day the children went in the morn
ing to the cemeteries with flowers for the
soldiers' graves. The various posts of the
Grand Army held exercises at the ceme
teries.
Placerville's Tribute.
PLACERVILLE. May 30.— Memorial day
was very generally observed in this city,
there being nearly an entire suspension
of business. A large procession composed
of the Fire Department, civic societies
and the children of the public schools
acted as escort to the local post of the
Grand Army of the Republic. Hundreds
of people attended the memorial exer
cises at Union Cemetery. The oration.
an eloquent effort, was delivered by Judge
F. Adams of this city.
Observed by Mountaineers.
ANGELS CAMP, May 30.— Decoration
day was celebrated at this place with
great pomp by the local veterans and
those from the neighboring towns, assist
ed by the local lodges of the secret or
ders. An impressive service was held in
the morning, at wnich Rev. L. Orr Ewing
made a touching address. In the after
noon a parade was formed and marched
to the cemetery, where the graves of sol
diers were decorated.
Salutes Fired Over Graves.
REDDING, May 30.— Decoration day
was observed in Redding with a parade
of citizens under the leadership of the'
Grand Army of the Republic. The line
of march was through the principal
streets to the Redding Union Cemetery,
where appropriate exercises were held, in
cluding the decoration of the graves and
the tiring of three salutes. The literary
exercises were reserved for this evening
at Armory Hall. A large crowd was In
attendance.
Ex-Confederates Hoist "Old Glory."
FRESNO, May 30.— Decoration day was
generally observed in Fresno to-day. All
business houses were closed. The two
local companies of militia, the Grand
Army and the Confederate Veterans were
out on parade this morning. For the first
time lrr the history of Fresno the Union
and Confederate veterans joined hands.
Together they ran up the Stars and
Stripes on the flagpole in front of the
Courthouse.
Services at Eureka,
EUREKA. May 30.— Memorial day was
observed here by Colonel Whipple Post
and Colonel Whipple Relief Corps. At 10
o'clock, headed by the Fifth Division
Naval Battalion, a procession marched
to Myrtle Grove Cemetery, where the ex
ercises were held and the graves deco
rated. Comrade C. W. Richardson was
the orator. At Ferndale appropriate 'X
ercises were held. C. H. Connlck of this
city delivered the oration.
Wagonloads of Flowers Used.
SANTA BARBARA, May 30.— Memorial
day was celebrated in the quietest manner
possible here to-day- In the morning
large crowds went to the cemetery on a
special train, where the graves of the
Civil war dead and one victim of the
Spanish war— Stanley Hollister, of the
Rough Riders— were decorated with
wagonloads of flowers.
Suisun Honors Her Dead.
BUZSUN, May 30.— Decoration day was
Impressively observed in Suisun. The ar
rangements were carried out under the
auspices of the local posts of the
Woman's Relief Corps and Grand Army
of the Republic. Literary exercises were
held in the afternoon. The orator of tie
day was Attorney T. B. Hutchinson of
Napa.
Flag and Cannon Dedicated.
HAXFORD. May '&.— Three thousand
j people joined the Grand Army, Woodmen
! of the World and Knights of Pythias in
I the observance of Decoration day. A Hag
1 and cannon were dedicated in the Granil
' Army plot in the cemetery. An oration
was delivered by Hon. \V. R. Davis of
| Oakland.
Young Veterans March With Old.
SACRAMENTO. May 30.— Memorial day
was appropriately observed here under
the auspices of the local Grand Army
posts. The volunteers of the Spanish-
American war marched with the veterans
of the Rebellion. Elwood Bruner delivered
an oration at the city cemetery.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT CAN'T BE DONE.
No One Can Remain Well, No
Chronic Disease Can Be Cured
Unless the Stomach Is
First Made Strong and
Vigorous.
This is plain because every organ In
the body depends on the stomach for its
nourishment. Nerve, bone, sinew, blood
are made from the food which the
stomach converts to our use.
How useless to treat disease with this,
j that and the other remedy and neglect
the most important of all, the stomach.
The earliest symptoms of indigestion
are sour risings, bad taste in the mouth,
gas in stomach and bowels, palpitation,
i all-gone feeling, faintness, headaches,
constipation; later comes loss of Mesh.
consumption, liver and heart troubles,
, kidney diseases, nervous prostration,
i all of which are the indirect result of
poor nutrition.
Any person suffering from indigestion
j should make it a practice to take after
i each meal one of Stuart's Dyspepsia
1 Tablets, allowing it to dissolve in the
l mouth and thus mingle with the saliva
\ and enter the stomach in the most nat-
: ural way. These Tablets are highly
; recommended by Dr. Jennison because
! they are composed of the natural di-
! gestive acids and fruit essences which
| assist the stomach in digesting all
i wholesome food before it has time to
1 ferment and sour.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold
by druggists, full-sized packages at 50
cents. They are also excellent for in-
valids and children. A book on stomach
diseases and thousands of testimonials
of genuine cures sent free by addressing
F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich.
AT THE TOMB
OF LAFAYETTE
Americans Honor the
Frenchman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, May 30.— A large throng gath
ered this afternoon in the Cemetery of
Picpus to assist in the annual decoration
by the Americans of the tomb of La
fayette. The interest in the occasion was
enhanced by the knowledge that ex-
President Benjamin Harrison would
speak.
General Porter, the United States Em
bassador, opened the ceremony with a
brief address, and Mr. Harrison fallowed
with an oration that was frequently ap
plauded. He spoke of the deep respect
shown to Decoration day- in the United
States and the revertnt care taken of
graves of American soldiers, remarking
that the chief value of such observances
was in impressing the hearts and minds
of the people with the lessons of self-sac
rifice and heroism.
"The nation that cherishes the graves'
of its soldiers and assembles to honor
them," he said, "is the nation that pre
serves and enlarges national life. The
monuments to our dead show no trailing
ranks of sad or weary captives following
their conquerors, but display broken
manacles from the hands and feet of
emancipated blacks. The result of that
emancipation was seen at Santiago, where
the black troops and the Texas troops
vied with each other to be the first to
leap upon the enemy's breastworks."
Mr. Harrison- then referred to the "gal
lant and glorious son of Vermont now
returning homeward after achievements
that wllT keep his name ever illustrious
in the annals of all nations.
"Heir in the capita! of our great sister
republic," he continued, "where no sol
dier of American birth finds a resting
place, we see sentiment of gratitude and
veneration finding suitable expression
around the tomb of Lafayette, the crusad
er of liberty who came to our aid in a
time of stress; his name is perhaps more
closely than any other connected with the
name of Washington. Let the President
of France and all Frenchmen be assured
of the sentiment of amity and gratitude
by all Americans. All things that minis
ters to stable government, national
wealth and social content in France will
give us gratification."
Comte de Chamhrun followed with a
brief address of thanks on behalf of the
Lafayette family.
HENRY WATTERSON IS
ORATOR OF THE DAY
LOUISVILLE. Ky., May 30.— Union sol
diers who sleep in the cemeteries of Louis
\ille and- New Albany. Ind.. were remem
bered with flowers to-day. The exercises
while simple were impressive. The day
was generally observed as a holiday, busi
ness houses and schools being closed. The
procession formed at the entrance to Cave
Hill Cemetery and proceeded to the hill
side where Bleep 2000 soldiers who wore
the blue. At the graves a beautiful mu
slen! service was rendered. The orator
of the day was the Hon. nenry Wutter-
Bon. At the close of his address the chil
dren strewed Mnssoms over the graves
and "taiis" were sounded.
The Paris' Position Unchanged.
COVBRACK, Cornwall, May :w.— The
position of the American Line steamer
Paris remains unchanged. The weather
is excellent. Numerous sightseers have
visited the shore in the vicinity of the
stranded steamer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
II (I till Jdfe tf merit I
H att-hftid AMdynrwdi I
■ Mutd Jtil -eiq-AC D
EK-a^m •' ' ' C^ ._■ ■ *- • ' E^K^S
B - ddtaMcwu'nwt I
I J atJl '&£cj I
H Yes, the sale closes next Saturday H
H night, but we -give you notice far Wl
I enough ahead so that you can con- H.
I veniently come in. M
I For summer suit this is your op- M
W portunity— patterns are light, price is @
'& Perhaps the price is too low— you ||
H might get a wrong impression of the 1 1
B suits by thinking them unserviceable. |l
M But our guarantee covers all this ; it. p
p speaks for the quality of the suits. H
j|j Only good suits can stand this guar- '«
H Money returned if you want it; or H
H Suit kept in repair free for one year. g
S. We make the clothing ourselves — know it 1|
|pj so thoroughly, that we can guarantee it. H
So come before 1 Saturday night — you will H
H get a suit for a small price, and the suit's good ||
M even if the price is small. ■ f/ i|
H Boys' Sailor Suits for vacation wear. ..sl.2o'. m
1 f#)S.N.WOODBCO^) 1
W / . 718 Market ST. • J
M Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
SLEEPING UNDER
THE TROPIC SUN
Memorial Day Services
at Manila.
Special Dispatch to The Call. " '
MANILA. May 30.— Memorial day wag
celebrated at Battery Knoll, where Scott's
guns were planted against the Filipino
j trenches in the first day's fighting at Ma
nila. Nearly 300 soldiers lie buried on a
bleak mound, surrounded by rieefields,
i rough boards marking the graves, which
j are ranged in live unbroken rows. Be
| yond these are Spanish blockhouses and
i bamboo hedges, which were mown by
; shells from the American guns. A few
I soldiers who could be spared from tho
; trenches came to Battery Knoll dusty and
: bronzed, bearing- flowers with which to
I strew their comrades' graves. A silk flag
! was placed above ea. -h mound. The day
: was as mild as New England spring,
when, just before sunset, a few hundred
Americans gathered in a circle around
Battery Knoll in blue and brown uni
' forms. Among the soldiers were groups
of American ladles and brown-faced na
tives peering curiously at the unwonted
spectacle from points near by. The guns
of the monitor Mnnadnock. bombarding;
Paranaque, boomed a significant reminder
I of the nearness of war.
i Just as the Sixth Artillery band began
a dirge the thunder of the Monadnock's
guns ceased, while taps Bounded from the
bugle. Colonel Charles Denby of tha
United States Philippine Commission pre
sided at the exercises, lit- spoke briefly
of the peculiar solemnity of the day to
I Manila. The chaplain of the British,
cruiser Powerful made an invocation.
Chaplain Pierce of the Twenty-third In
fantry and Chaplain Cressey of the Mm!
-! nesota volunteers delivered orations, and
'■ the soldiers sang appropriate hymns.
After taps had been sounded the soldiers
took the flags from the mounds to send
j to relatives of the dead.
Similar ceremonies were held over the
dead in the Paco Cemetery this after
noon. Colonel Denby was the orator on
thin occasion also. The graves were dec
orated with a vast quantity of magnificent
flowers.
High mass for the dead of the Roman
Catholic communion was celebrated at tho
Paco Cemetery in the morning. Orations
were delivered by Fathers McKinnon and
Chaplain Stevenson of the Idaho regi
ment, a Methodist, and Peter McQueen,
a Congregational clergyman of Boston.
Most of the business places In Manila
were closed in observance of the day. The
American and many foreign flags wera
displayed at half mast.
The graves of soldiers and sailors buried
at Cavite and Iloilo were also decorated
to-day.
MEN WHO DIED IN
TWO GREAT WARS
CHATTANOOGA, Term.. May 30.— With
elaborate exercises the graves of the 13,000
Cnion soldiers buried in the National
Cemetery here were decorated to-day.
Resting: beside the dead of the Civil War
ii: this cemetery are several hundred vol
unteers of the Spanish war who died at
Chickamauga. and the decoration to-day
was a joint affair, participated in by vet
erans of both wars. The oration of tha
day for the Grand Army of the Republic
whs delivered by Dr. J. H. Race, chan
cellor of U. S. Grant University. The ora
tion for the American-Spanish war dea<J
was delivered by Lieutenant Cook, lata
adjutant of the Fourth Tennessee Regi
ment. A salute was fired by a detach
ment of artillery and the thousands of
graves were strewn with flowers.
34
FRANCE STIRRED TO ITS DEPTHS
DREYFU'S IS
CERTAIN TO
BE SET FREE
There is No Other Result
Possible After Revision
Is Granted.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
HeraM. Copyrighted. 1599, by ,lun:<-s (i.r
don Bennett.
PARIS, May 30.— Even the most
rabid of tho anti-Dreyfusites
realize that their hideous game
ia up. Would you have proof?
They say nothing, or as little as
tt)le, about the case. Yesterday's
papers, those which have been the
cruelesl , nemies of Dreyfus, found no
material for leading articles on the ju
dicial proceedings that seem likely to
end the greatest crime of civilization.
The Petit Journal discussed the cen.
tenarj of th. Comedie Francaise and
did not refer in a Bingle line to the re
vision of the Dreyfua case in its en
tire lour pages. Eclaire talked about
the opera comique. The Journal, Gau
lois, Libc< Parole and Echo de Paris
said nothing.
Revision means acquittal in the
minds of threg-fi.-urths of the French
■ t"-day. The other fourth dread
it. lest public attention be turn..! to
their misdoings. Sieele summed up this
sentiment in one lint- yesterday. Its
cartoon by Ibels represented "Law
Bearing the Ax of Justice." on one
Bide there is a group of generals, cow
ering on their knees behind some
bushes, and the horribly significant le
gend was '"Let us hope she will not see
us."
It is most probable that justice will
be blind in the present case. The prom
inent actors in this ghastly crime have
been castigated by the discredit they
have brought upon themselves. Ester
hazy is in flight, Henry is dead. Every
body now knows that the army was no
more incriminated In the actions of a
als than was the nation, for
rmy Is the nation. When these
few Individuals have been repudiated
the sponge will, in all probability, be
passed over the slate.
As for Deroulede, as I cabled you the
day aft< r the late President Faun 's
ral, i) body takes his escapade se
riously. The chances seem to favor his
acquittal. All Paris is laughing over
his speech yesterday. He seems to
think thrtt because Victor Hiiro was
a great poet and a poor politician he
must be a great politician because he
is a poor poet. But the public refuses
:o accept him as anything but an amus
ing rhapsodlst, Mho should be dealt
with indulgently. This sentiment will
probably dictate the jury's verdict, par
ticularly as Deroulede has been in
prison three months while awaiting
trial.
PARTS, May 30.— There were f>w Indi
na nf excitement In the vicinity of
Palace of Justice to-day before' the
FIREBUG STARTS
A CARSON BLAZE
Suspect Threatened by
a Crowd.
Special Dispatcb to The Call.
CARSON, New, May 30.— An alarm of
fire awakened the city of Carson at .
o'clock this morning and in a few minutes
the tire ci mpaniea were at Vunrlerhyde's
harness shop, where the fire was raginp.
is a mass of flames and
the odor of coal oil could be detected
blocks away. Thi fire started in the rear
if Vonderhyde'B harness shop. The build
up was wrecked and the roofs of the
adjoining structures were damaged, the
dames reaching as far as the building
Kccupifd by J. F. Lynd.
rge \Y. Kitzmeyer was the first man
to pjve the alarm. Kitzmeyer has been
unwell for some time, and bis sleep has
been greatly disturbed. Last night he
from bed to get a drink of water,
uid in passing his window, which [aces
the Vonderhyde and Lynd property, he
discovered the blaze.. He saw some one
(3HaEK»j)
Era Just 28 more business days until quitting ||j
ps time. Mackay Quits July Ist. Tuesday, I
|?| Memorial day, the big stock of carpets was I
111 overhauled. Surprised to find so many 11
g| pretty patterns still in stock. Elegant j||
P| lace curtains and rich colored portieres ' £.-
p| just waiting for the fortunate buyer. j||
Assortment is more or less complete now jnj
— but not long — it can't be — too many ju- b§
p| dicious buyers hunting for such bargains. B
' IP Don't be sorry you missed — come right j|&
Roxbury and other lead- a^
I irnntP ing makes; lots of pretly ESfl
V (\\ ICLI Patterns, with borders to ac ■ Wi
vui|;vtJ match 55c; cheaper grades 45C
. . • —good wearers a yard §fft
r • 1 Linoleums— plain and Wj,
inn PliniC mixed colors— plenty of 33 5£
gj mllUlvUlllO patterns. Heavy qualities JJC |&
i^ 48c to 65c; cheaper...'...... a yard Pi
S Windowshades — opaque, -pa
CItI/lac in 7 different colors; 3 by / Wi
m JllaUt 7 feet— 2000 of these, and. :j/\_ M
m we are closing them out «J"C HR
V L U #1 715 Market., ft L U /
V^ J I NcarCaJl Build i f
MAJOR MARCHAND.
Court of Cassation resumed its sitting: for
the hearing of arguments In the Dreyfus
case and for the examination of M. De
roulede and Marcel Habert. The same
precautions were observed as on yester
day for the preservation of order. The
arrival of the Judges and others con
nected with two celebrated cases was
marked by no unusual incident. The in
terior of the Court of Cassation presented
to-day the same aspect as on yesterday.
Behind President Mazoay there were
seated many Judges and other court of
ficers, public men and distinguished men
of letters. The same impressive silence
was observed when the sitting opened at
noon.
M. Ballot de Beaupre resumed the read-
Ing of his report on the Dreyfus case.
He said that if in 1594 the officers of the
court-martial had thought it was their
duty to show Dreyfus the documents con
cerning him. the Judges not being law
yers, had erred, though acting in good
faith, He then entered at. length Into a
consideration of the arguments of the
anti-revisionists, who, he said, contend
that even if the document "Cc Cainalle de
d " should be shown not to refer to
Dreyfus it would be no reason for revi
sion, because the document was not re
sponsible for the conviction of Dreyfus.
The machinations of Colonel Dv Paty
de Clam and Lieutenant Colonel Henry,
it had also been argued, gave no ground
for revision, because they bad also been
disavowed by General Gonze. assistant
chief of the general staff, and by his su
perior. General Boisedeffre. M. de Beau
pre created a deep sensation by solemn
ly declaring that he had become con
vinced that the bordereau was written by
Major Count Ferdinand Waslln Ester
hazy. He read a fresh report drawn up
by M. Maneau, the procurator general.
on Saturday last, in view of the recent
developments. enumerating ten fresh
facts in favor of Dreyfus, viz. :
I— The Henry forgery.
2— The changing of the date of the bor
dereau to August Instead of April.
3— Contradlctlons*of the handwriting expert*.
4— The absolute identity of the paper upon
prowling about and called out. "Who is
there?" but received no reply. Kitzmeyer
then went into his own house and aroused
his son. George, who spread the alarm l.y
firinK a numl>rr of shots from ;: revolver.
Kitzmeyer again went to the dividing
fence and saw the person who had Btarted
the blaze disappear in the rear door of
the Lynd building. Although he could
n.it distinguish the features of the man
his suspicions were aroused, and he con
cluded Lynd was the man who did th"
work. Sheriff Kinny sunn heard of the
suspicion directed against Lypd. Search
for Dynd was Instituted. He was found
in the building, where ho was removing
his belongings, anil was Immediately
placed under arrest.
Lynd protested his innocence, and
claimed to have been in bod since 9
o'clock. His daughter, Ilattie, corrob
orates him in this statement.
As soon as it became generally known
that he had been placid under arrest a
crowd gathered about the jail, and the
j Sheriff and his deputies put in a few min
i utes of extreme anxiety. Warden Hen
derson of the State Prison appeared at
] the jail, and after a hasty consultation
it was concluded to remove Lynd to the
, State institution. He was speedily hus
tled into the Sheriff's rig and taken to
the penitentiary, from which he was re
leased to-day on %\i**\ bonds. There is
strong circumstantial evidence against
him.
The loss from the fire was about $5000.
The Wilmington at Rio Janeiro.
RIO JANEIRO. May 80.— The United
| States gunboat Wilmington ha? arrived
i at this port.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 31, 1899.
which the bordereau was written with Ma-
Jor Kst.Th.izy's letter paper.
s—The5 — The sentence "Am starting for the ma
neuvers," which could not have been written
by Drejfcus.
6— The police report withheld by the court
martial.
T— Lieutenant Colonel Henry's weeping con
fesslon in Burtulu'a office.
S— The Fanizzardi dispatch.
9— Official documents proving that Dreyfus
had no relations with foreign embassies.
10— A document demonstrating that Dreyfus
never confessed guilt.
M. Ballot de Heaupre amplified his In
dictment of Major Esterhazy. saying that
one new fact, from a legal point of view,
was the discovery thai the bordereau was
written upon precisely the same paper as
that used by Major Esterhazy. The
judges in 1894 dirt not know this, and M.
de Beaupre declared that on his soul and
conscience, according to his conviction,
the bordereau was written by Esterhazy.
He deplored the attacks of the revision
ists upon the army, but said that th«
honor of the army was not dependent up
on the retention of an innocent, man on
Devils Island.
M. de Beaupre concluded: "I do not
ask you to proclaim the innocenoe of
Dreyfus, but it is with a firm conviction
and a high sense of my duty and respon
sibility that I say there is reason to
grant a revision of the trial of 1594 and
for sending Dreyfus for retrial before an
other court-martial, whose task will be
to give a decision with a full knowledge
of the facts."
Amidst great excitement M. Maneau.
the Procurator-General, began his ad
dress to the court. He claimed that the
change in the date of the bordereau con
stituted a ii' -w fact apart from numerous
other new facts, and declared that the
bordereau was really the work of Major
Esterhazy. M. Maneau dwelt upon the
strangeness of the general staff's protec
tion of Esterhazy and the latter s am
bteulty.
The eouri adjourned at 5 o'clock with
out incident. M. Maneau will continue
his speech to-morrow.
CORNELL'S BOAT
CREW IN FRONT
Beats Pennsylvania in a
Hard Race.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ITHACA, N. V., May 30.— The Cor
nell-Pennsylvania boat race was
I rowed at 7:30 o'clock this evening. The
I lake, which had been exceptionally
I rough all day, quieted down by C
{ o'clock, so that Referee Mum ford was
able to call the Cascadilla-Cornell
race, which was scheduled to take
: place after the Cornell-Pennsylvania
race. This contest was started at 6:55,
and Cornell won from Cascadilla.
Cornell and Pennsylvania were ready
for the contest immediately after the
first race had been rowed. The obser
j vation train returned to the start, and
Cornell reached there at 7:15. Penn
sylvania joining at 7:20.
Pennsylvania chose the inside
course. At the word the Pennsylva
nians had a slight advantage in catch
ing the water first and gained nearly a
third of a length after a dozen strokes.
Cornell did not attempt to spurt, but
rowed a 32 stroke. Pennsylvania had
started with 34, and from time to time
increased it to 36. Cornell began to
gain at the quarter mile, and at the
mile had more than made up the loss
at the beginning.
Pennsylvania had lost about a half
length at the mile and a quarter and
began to put effort into their work.
Cornell's rowing did not vary, and al
though Pennsylvania pushed the nose
of her shell nearly even with the Itha
cans at the mile and a half Cornell did
not let out until abo-ut 300 yards of the
finish. The men in the Cornell boat
then rowed a thirty-three stroke, while
Pennsylvania went up to thirty-seven.
The Ithaoans gained slightly and at the
end won by fully a half-length in
11:26%. Pennsylvania's time was 11:28.
Both crews finished strong and pulled
to the boathouse in good form. Coach
Courtney and Coach Ward expressed
their satisfaction at the showing made
by their respective crews. Coach Ward
said the better crew had won and he
thought his men rowed a magnificent
race. About SOOO people saw the race.
GOLDEN CROSS MINE
LITIGATION ENDED
LOS ANGELES, May 30.— The long
drawn-out and costly litigation over the
Golden Cross mine at Hedges, in San
Diego County, is at an end. A compro
mise has been offered and accepted and
only the detaJls of the deal now remain
to be fixed. For several days D. M Del
mas and Samuel M. Shortridge of Sun
Francisco have been in the city conferring
with the various persons interested in tht
litigation. They represent Colonel Isaac
Trumbo, who will have possession of the
property within a short time.
The settlement, in brief, as it has been
already agreed upon, is that the Free
Gold Mining Company, the stock of which
is owned chiefly by Colonel Trumbo, shall
pay to the original owners of the property
the sum of $1,uu0,000 and assume all the
outstanding indebtedness and thereafter
own and control the mine. C. N. Pauly
of San Diego, the present receiver of the
property, appointed to operate the mine
while the litigation was pending, may be
retained as manager, though this has not
been definitely decided.
This is the largest mining property in
Southern California and under the man
agement of Receiver Pauly has been
made to pay a handsome profit.
THE HERO
OF FASHODA
AT TOULON
Major Marchand Is the Pres
ent Idol of the French
People.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOULON. May 30.— Major Maryl
and arrived here at 12:30 o'clock
this afternoon on board the
French cruiser D'Assis. The hero
of Fashoda was greeted with im
mense enthusiasm, the ship having him
on board being escorted into the har
bor by a large number of steamers. At
the landing Major Marohand was re
ceived by the Mayor of Toulon and
several generals of the French army,
who welcomed him in speeches of laud
ation.
The roadstead was crowded with ves
sels decked out with flags, and all man
ner of steamboats were out to welcome
the explorer on his return to France.
When the cruiser D'Assis entered the
port flags and handkerchiefs were
waved everywhere, and shouts of "'Vive
l'Armee" and "Vive Marchand" re
sounded in all directions.
Replying to the addresses. Major
Marchand expressed his heartfelt
thanks for tho demonstrations of wel
come. He recalled his own anguish and
that of his comrades when they were
ordered to evacuate Fashoda, and
again when on reaching Abyssinia he
heard that his beloved France had risen
against the army.
"But we have found to-day," he con
tinued, "that the latter fear was with
out foundation. We do not take the
honor shown us as meant for ourselves,
but rather for the army, and 1 sum up
all our thoughts by joining you in the
three cries I have heard since my ar
rival: "Vive La France," "Vive l'Ar
mee" and "Vive La Republique."
France is for the moment downcast
through want of union. We must be
united. It is the only way to be strong."
These sentiments were received with
thunders of applause.
PLAGUE MIT
DELAY BEWEY
Admiral to Come Home
Slowly, Anyway.
HONGKONG, May 30.— Since his ar
rival here on May 23, on board his flag
ship, the United States cruiser Olym
pia, Admiral Dewey has improved in
health, though he still refuses all in
vitations of a social nature. The ad
miral has also relinquished all official
duty on board the Olyrnpia. The date
of his departure for home is still un
certain, his intention being to remain
here until he has thoroughly recuper
ated. The air of the high ground here
is much cooler than it will be found at
any place between Hongkong and the
Mediterranean Sea.
The programme for the Olympiads
voyage to the United States has not
been definitely decided upon. It has
been determined, however, to make a
Stop at the Piraeus, from which port
Admiral Dewey will go to Athens to
pay his respects to King George of
Greece. The Olympia is being painted
white instead of the dark slate color
which was applied «Xo it before the late
war.
The plague is likely to complicate the
home-coming of the admiral. Various
Governments have already declared se
vere quarantine regulations against all
Egyptian Red Sea ports and Hong
kong, where the fresh cases and the
number of deaths have nearly doubled
in the past week, the new cases num
bering 143 and the deaths 134. Ad
miralty officials say that warships have
not privileges as regards quarantine
beyond those of merchant ships, the
main point to be considered being
whether the ship is infected or there is
sickness aboard. By the time Admiral
Dewey arrives at the Mediterranean,
his ship, the Olympia, having been so
long out from Hongkong, if there are
no cases aboard she will probably be
regarded as immune and the inspectors
will pass her without delay.
DEWEY TALKS OF
HOBSON'S ACHIEVEMENTS
NEW YORK, May 30.— A cable to the
World from Hongkong says: Admiral
Dewey seldom discusses men or events
of the Spanish war, but now and then
he says things full of pith and paint.
He allowed himself to talk of some of
the affairs in the Cuban campaign to
day. Speaking of the splendid Merri
mac affair at Santiago the hero of Ma
nila said of Lieutenant Hobson:
"I like him. He is a brave man, dig
nified and modest. The trouble about
Hobson Is that he takes life too seri
ously and is bashful."
Admiral Dewcy expects to continue
his homeward voyage early next week.
FAVORS ESTABLISHING
A REFRIGERATOR LINE
SACRAMENTO, May 30.— The execu
tive committee chosen by the recent con
vention of fruit growers of California to
perfect such a plan of organization as
should result in promoting: their best in
terests and securing their release from
the present method of fruit transporta
tion and marketing that threatens to in
volve them in disastrous loss, if not finan
cial ruin, has given careful consideration
to the whole suDiect, and has reached
this unanimous conclusion:
First, that the fruit growers organize
for mutual protection.
Second, thaf the fruit growers form a
corporation for the purpose of owning
and operating a refrigerator car line.
Third, that the fruit growers organize
for the purpose of marketing their fruit
and fruit products. In doing this they
will be allowed the utmost liberty in the
disposal of their fruit, either by selling
for spot cash at loading point, through
our own representatives In the large
cities, or agents, or through Messrs. Por
ter or Earl, and any agent whom the
grower or shipper designates.
The executive committee has called
meetings at- Newcastle for Thursday
evening. June 1; Suisun. Saturday. 2
p. m., June 3; Vacaville, Saturday even-
Ing, S o'clock; all the principal fruit sec
tions in the Sacramento and San Joaquin
valleys and all the other fruit sections in
the northern and central part of the
State on dates to follow.
ARBITRATION IN
PLACE OF WAR
Peace Conference May
Agree.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, May 31.— The correspon.
dent of the Standard at The Hague
says: An important advance was
made to-day in the direction of a
scheme of arbitration, combining the
Russian, British and American pro
posals. The representatives of these
nations arrived at an agreement which
seems to find general acceptance. Sir
Julian Paunoefote conferred this after
noon with Seth Low and Mr. Holls,
and both the British and American
proposals were examined, with the re
sult that the United States will sup
port the Pauncefote scheme for a per
manent tribunal.
In all practical and essential features
the British and American-plans are
identical, but the American delegates
have gone further, covered the whole
field of arbitration and drafted pro
visions for a rehearing in the event of
a disagreement. Their proposals will
be submitted to the drafting committee
to-morrow.
"It ought not to be difficult," said Mr.
Holls, "to hammer out a workable plan
from these three plans."
THE HAGUE. May 30.— The Brussels
conference section of the International
Peace Congress, after adopting the sec
ond reading of articles 23 to 34, which
dealt with prisoners of war, discussed
questions relating to flags of truce,
capitulations and armistices as con
tained in articles 43 to 52, inclusive,
upon which an agreement was reached.
The Red « !rofls section considered the
extension of the Geneva convention to
naval warfare and adopted slight modi
fications of the articles relating to con
traband, leaving the other two cate
gories for future consideration.
SANTA FE RAILROAD
TO ENTER SACRAMENTO
SACRAMENTO, May 30.— F. E. Valen
tine, commercial agent of the Santa Fe in
Sacramento, to-day made' the important
announcement that the officials of the
Santa Fe hail definitely decided that the
lirst extension of the Santa Fe lines after
the absorption of the San Joaquin Valley
road on July 1 will be to Stockton, Sac
ramento and north. Mr. Valentine ex
pressed the belief that the people of this j
city would see the Santa Fe running into
Sacramento within eighteen months.
The announcement of Commercial Agent
Valentine corroborates the belief long en
tertained in this section of the State that
the Santa Fe would make Sacramento one
of its important centers. In fact, it has
been known that the company has had
right of way established to this city and
the location of the depot and freight of
fices has been discussed with more or less
well-grounded supposition. It is probable
the road will enter Sacramento on its
eastern edge, the Southern Pacific having
a claim on the western or river border of
the city. For some months past the Santa
Fe has had an office in this city and has
been making a lively competition for
freight business, meeting its full share of
It is believed that the entrance of a
competing line to this city will have the
effect of greatly advancing the commer
cial interests of this city, while the out
lying districts through which the road wii
run will also experience the advantages.
Bishop Closes a Church.
ST. LOUIS, May 30.— Because of the de
termined opposition of the parishioners of
St. Patrick's Human Catholic Church in
East St. Louis to the appointment of
Vicar General Cluse as their rector,
Bishop Jannsen will -lose the church to
morrow. Bishop Jannsen says that until
the members of St. Patrick's congrega
tion submit and inform him that they are
ready to obey* his commands, the church
will remain closed. The acting rector has
been ordered elsewhere.
The Grandest Remedy of the Age!
Made famous by its thousands of cures of Nervous, Organic and Vital Weakness, Kidney (
Disease, Lame Back, Stomach and Liver Troubles, Rheumatism, Varicocele and all drain (
of Vitality in men, as » well as Female Weakness in every form, Bearing-down Pains, Nerv- ]
ous Exhaustion, Poor Circulation, Constipation, Pains in the Back and other troubles. <
Its gentle, soothing current fills the body with life and sets all weakened parts to ]
work in a healthy manner. It cures gradually by restoring the natural vigor to the i
nerves and organs. ;■• !
READ THESE REMARKABLE CURES.
Man and Wife Cared. Weakness Cured and Gained 30 Pounds
. IGERXA, Cal. ' ISLETON, Sacramento County, Cal. . ,
PR MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: Your Belt has helped me wonder- DR. McLAUGHLIN— Sir: I feel it my duty to make known
fully. ' It has -t«"«thenj l« and made a man of me. I have been «» ™"* T t!' V^si L^c^ed'to^ThJ^se ll^ '&, y^^ '
improving and gaining weight ever since I started to wear the Belt, been wonderful, as I have gained over- twenty-five pounds going .
I weighed 139 pounds last summer, and this summer I weigh 159; from 143 to ITS. and I feel better to-day than I have tar years. I ,
-pounds," gaining twenty, pounds, and feel ; better than I have for i have gradually got rid of my weakness and have grown stronger .
years. My wife wore the Belt also, and it has helped her ereatlv ! and feel better every day. To-day I can do any kind of a hard
she is fee.ing better now than she has far the , ast three or four ft&ffMWvfffiT £*$& ? feeTven™ r«2
years. I feel grateful in saying that the pain in my side has entirely change the Belt has made in me. and will always recommend it, for (
gone, and I do not feel so tired and worn out when I come home i am convinced that it is superior in every way to drugs You may
at night from work. I would not he without the Belt for anything use this letter as you see fit, and hope It will repay you in part for <
in the world, and will always speak of the good we have received the interest you have taken in my case. With beat wishes, I am (
from it. I remain, yours very gratefully, F. E. WOOLSEY. i yours very truly, . y«u.e. THOMAS iISIGON. (
GALL AND SEE THIS BELT OR SEND FOR BOOKS. i
You can learn all about it in ten minutes. It is simple, but grand. You can test it and feel its power, and !
when you understand it you want it. You will know that at last you have found vigor health and happiness. !
If yo-u cannot call, send at once for my free books. "Three Classes of : Men," or "Maiden, Wife and Mother." !
Both are full of candor, full of nature's truths, and they will help you. Call or write to-day.' \
HI! II I 11*1 Illftlll 111 702 Market St, Cor. Kearny, S. F. 1 < send for my book J
IK M Q WIPI UllllHl IN And Cor. Springand Second Sis.. Los Angeles. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN"
Hill If II 111 lIIULnUUIILI !l|| Office Hours— Ba.m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to I. it IS MAILED FREE. ]
NEVER SOL.D IN DRUG STORES. / . U '
NOT IN NEED OF
NEGRO LABORERS
H. J. Corcoran's Letter
Angers Stocktonians.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, May 30.— The people of
this city were dumfounded this evening
when a local paper came out with an
Associated Press dispatch from New-
Orleans stating that H. J. Corcoran,
manager of the California Navigation
and Improvement Company, had writ
ten to Mayor Fowler of that city with a
view to inducing wholesale immigra
tion of negro labor to this section. The
indignation among laborers on the wa
ter front was not greater than that
among laboring people generally. Even
the business men, who for two years
have struggled to carry unemployed
customers, shared in the widespread
consternation over the following bold
statements as reported by tht: tele
gram:
"The letter says in substance that
there is an extreme scarcity of reliable
labor in California and that the outlook
is for a long continuation of this state
of affairs, particularly in the business
in which the writer is engaged. A great
many able-bodied negroes, he says, will
be assured employment if they are good
citizens, and a wide field will be opened
for the surplus negro population of the
South."
Labor is undoubtedly more in demand
in this section than for two years on
account of good crops, but this par
ticular demand at best can last but two
months. The consensus of opinion in
this community is overwhelmingly
against the idea of,bringing this class
of labor in, and all attempts to justify
the letter will fail. Said a prominent
contractor this evening:
"The general situation as to the de
mand for labor has improved material
ly during the past ninety days, but
there are still idle men to be found. The
transferring of New Orleans levee
'roustabouts' to Stockton could have
but one result and that to force down
wages for every class of work in which
they engaged, and in addition to the
eommuity's burden of deserving poor
we would have a lot of improvident, ir
responsible negroes on our hands. I
would rather pay my men good wages,
for when wages are good times are
good."
Mr. Corcoran not infrequently has
trouble with deckhands and others em
ployed by him, and wages have been
brought down to what can hardly be
called the living point. People of this
city understand the situation so thor
oughly that the motive in the plea for
| negro labor is to them easy to discern.
j The idea of bringing large bodies of
i negroes into this section will arouse a
sentiment so strong that some public
action may be taken.
WILL DISCUSS QUESTIONS
AFFECTING THE WEST
WICHITA, Kans., May 30.— Delegations
to the Trans-Mississippi Congress, which
begins here to-morrow morning and lasts
until Saturday, have arrived from Colo
rado. Arkansas, Arizona, Montana, Cali
fornia and points in Kansas. Governor
Murphy heads the delegation from
Arizona, Governor Barnes from Oklahoma
and Governor Stanley from Kansas. Gov
ernor Jones of Arkansas and Governor
Sayers of Texas, with 200 delegates from
Houston, Dallas and Galveston, will ar
rive at noon to-morrow.
The preliminary session to-morrow
morning will consist of an address of wel
come by Governor Stanley and Mayor
Ross nf Wichita, to which Governor
Bayers of Texas and Governor Murphy of
Arizona will reply. Hon. Hugh Craig of
San Francisco, president of the congress,
will make his annual address. At night
the delegates will he entertained by the
Commercial Club at a concert at Ike
Auditorium.
EVERY MAN HAS
A SACK OF GOLD
Alluring Reports From
Sierra Pintada.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, May 30.— The schnnnpp
Santa Barbara arrived at San Quintin,
Lower California, late this afternoon with
the first official and authentic report of
the Sierra Pintada placers, which have
been attracting; the attention of (he coast
for two weeks past. The Santa Barbara
took down thirty tons of supplies for the
camp two weeks ago from San Quintin.
and Francisco Salorio was delegated by
Collector of Customs Vi< toria at En
senada to go down on the schooner and
make an official Investigation of' the
placers.
Mr. Salorio brings back a glowing re
port, which must be taken as accurate so
far as it is possible for a man tv give an
accurate report of a raw camp. He says
that when the arrival of the Santa Barbara
at San Rogue Bay became known in the
diggings Mexicans with from twenty-flve
to sixty ounces of gold each made a rush
for the coast for supplies from the
schooner, paying any price asked for the
necessaries of life. Mtr. Solario visited
live camps In the diggings, in which abo'U
300 people were camped, every one maku
from two pennyweights to one and a nau/
ounces a day, working only until : or J
o'clock. The miners washed in pans by
blowing, as verj few bad dry-washers*
Water is selling at ■>- : ■>' twenty
gallons. Mr. Salorio saya a creek near
San Rogue Landing, called San Andrea
Creek, has an abundance of waiei.
Water i.s found six miles east <>f^ tiio
coast and fifteen miles west of the haiita.
Clara Mountains, along which the Siena
Pintada placers lie. A daily rush oJ peo
ple from Santa Rosalia and ..ther towns
of the gulf side is on. Gold has been
found over a district twelve miles long
by two and one-half miles wide, hut new
camps are springing up. Salono met
twelve dry-washers out of one camp,
which is the best known at present, ea- h
showing- him from fifty to sixty ounces
in very coarse gold found at from six
3 to four feet in depth. The sur
rounding mountains are believed 0
rich in quartz, but at present everybody
is paying attention to the search for nug
gets
" From San Rogue Bay to the placers^the
1 distance is twenty-one miles; from Cal
malii to the first camp It is from 95 to
1(X) miles, and from the Santa Rosalia
copper mines on the gulf side it is lro
miles over a very rough and dangerous
road, water and feed for animals I
scarce. Most of the men in the pla
had gone there afoot. The best way to
reach the diggings is by the seacoast to
San Roqui Landing.
Mr. Salorio Bays he met prospectors
without dry washers or pans, who sim
ply used shovels, throwing the dirt into
t!i" air and then picking up the gold.
Others blew the dirt on a blanket or can
vas.
The climate is about the same as at
Ensenada, •
It is difficult to find how much gold has 1
been taken out, for the placering has '
been going on for the past three months.
Every one in the diggings had got gold,
however, and claimed to "be doing well.
There is increased excitement in San
Diego over the news, and it is probable
the steamer St. Denis, which will leave
on Thursday night, will take down over
100 men to the diggings, landing them at
Sin Rogue, which is six miles nearer the
camp than Is Ascension. The distance by
sea from San Diego is about 275 miles.
McCONNELL WINS ON FOUL.
LOS ANGELES, May 30.— Frank Mc-
Connell of San Francisco was awarded
the decision on a foul in the nineteenth
round in a fight with "Billy" Gallagher
of Los Angeles before the Los Angeles
Athletic Club to-night. The fight was to
have been a twenty-round go. It was a
fast fight all the way through, McCon
nell proving to be the cleverer man of
the two and slightly stronger. He kept
sending his left to Gallagher's face and
used the right on the body with good ef
fect. Both men were strong at the finish
Gallagher fouled McConnell several
times and was warned by Referee John
Brink He continued to hit in the clinches
and in the nineteenth round he did this
twice The second time Referee Brink
stopped the fight and gave McConnell the
decision.YELLOW JACK
APPEARS AT
NEW ORLEANS
One Case Has Led Texas
to Enforce Strict
Quarantine.
ALL ROADS OXED
There Can Be No Travel West
ward on Lines Out of the
Crescent City.
Spoclil Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex., May 30.— State Health
< ifflcer W. F. Blunt to-day received a
telegram from Dr. Souchon, City
Officer of New Orleans, stating
* a .as>' <>f yellow fever had made
its appearance in that city; that the
patient had died and the autopsy had
positively established the disease to be
fever. Dr. Blunt Immediately
wired General Superintendent W. <!.
Van Vliok <>f the Southern Pacific and
General Manager L. S. Thome of the
Texas and Pacific railways as follows:
I'i> not sell tickets over your line from
New Orleans to aaiy Texas points. Do
bring any person or thine: from New
< "rleans, either by express or freight, in
to Texas until further order?.
Dr. Blunt wired Dr. Souchon as fol
lows:
We have decided to quarantine against
all places on announcement of the first
positive case, of yellow fever.
Parties who arrived here to-day from
New Orleans declare that it was com
mon rumor in that city that several
deaths from yellow fever had occurred
there since the middle of this month.
The outbreak of yellow fever in New
< trleans several weeks earlier than last
season adds to the seriousness of the
situation, and it is the opinion that it
will take strenuous efforts and the ut
: vigilance to prevent the disease
spreading throughout the South.
Dr. Blunt to->iay established quaran
tine Inspection camps on th-- Louisiana
border point of every railroad entering
the State. He received the following
-ram from Dr. Souchon this even
-4 ing:
" I deeply regret your action. Send in-
Lor to judge for himself. No other
In answer to a telegram from Super
ndent Van Vli<-k of the Southern
n i >r. Blunt w ired:
. can handle New York freight
through Algiers, and passengers and
freight ruining from connecting lines at
N.-w Orleans, if they do not stop there
nt. Freight that has left
New Orleans for Texas can come In. Pas
n route now had better be re
turne<l to New Orleans.
The same telegram was sent the
Texas and Pacific relative to freight
■through Westwego. All the railroads
have wired thi State Health Officer sig-
Ing thai they will abide by his in
-61 ructions:
Disease in South America.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
HeraM. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, May 30.— Various
I yellow fever have occurred here.
Almost .ill thf persons attacked
Janeiro or had been in (
with persons from there.
PRESBYTERIAN SYNOD
TO CONVENE AT SEA
Sessions Will Be Held on a Steamship
. During a Trip to Alaska
f and Return.
ITACOMA, May 30.— Pacific North
west Synod of the Presbyterian church,
comprising Washington, Idaho and
Alaska, will hold Its annual session next
August aboard the steamship City of
Seattle during a two weeks' trip to Alas
ka and return. This big steamer, with
accommodations for 500 people, has been
chartered for the Presbyterians' exclusive
use, and for two weeks will be trans
ferred from a treasure boat, bringing out
millions of Klondike gold, to a gospel
steamer, where altars will take the place
of bars.
Delegates from five presbyteries, to
gether with their families, friends and
other prominent Presbyterians, will take
the trip, thereby combining the business
of the synod with pleasure, sermons and
sightseeing. From Tacoma the steamer
will go straight to Sitka, where delegates
and members of the Alaska presbytery
will be taken aboard. Business sessions
of the synod will then be commenced, as
the steamer runs to Juneau, Skaguay and
Glacier Bay. On the return trip stops
Will be made at Sitka, Marys Island,
Wrangel and Metlakahtla. All business
will be transacted before the Alaskan
delegates are put ashore at Sitka and
their several homes, as their presence is
just as Important as is that of the dele
gates from Washington and Idaho.
This will be the most . unique religious
gathering ever held in the Northwest. It
was suggested at last year's session of
the synod at Spokane, when delegates
from interior towns expressed the wish
that this year's meeting could be held in,
Alaska, with the object of encouraging
the growth of Presbyterianism in that
far-off territory. Several business men
among the delegates grasped the idea of
how this could be accomplished and the
preliminary plans for the coming August
meeting were then laid. The delegates"
will pay $3A each for the round trip, and
jk-jll others $40.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Specialists for Ailments of Men
PAY WHEN COREL.
Patients can arrange
to pay when cured, or I <
pay in monthly or
weekly installments.
CONSULTATION FREE.
FREE BOOK— HOME CUKES.
DR. MEYERS & CO. cure and restore
a great many men every year without
seeing them. Sufferers who cannot call
should write for their book, "MAR-
RIAGE GUIDE: PRIVATE COUN-
SELOR FOR MEN." symptom blanks,
prices and full particulars of their v.on-
derful Home-Cure System.
731 MARKET ST.
BAN FRANCISCO. Take Elevator.
OFFICERS OF
THE RELIEF
ARE CAPTURED
Bold Work of the Tagal
los in the Bay of
Manila.
POT OUT IN BOATS
Ga r her In a Party of Americans
Under the Guns of the
■ Fleet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, May 31, 11:Q5
a. m. — The third engineer,
another officer and a boat
crew from the hospital ship Relief,
while sailing in a catboat yesterday
off Paranaque were captured by the
■ insurgents, who put off from the
j shore in boats.
NEfr YORK, May 30.— A Wash
ington special to the Herald says:
Mail advices from Manila state that
by means of the secret service estab
lished by General Otis. General Pio
del Pilar of the insurgent army, who
had entered the city, was arrested.
The guard on patrol at Cavite ar
rested an insurgent captain believed
!to be on Pilar's staff. The Filipino
'■ wore his uniform under a suit of
white.
MANILA, May 30.— Brigadier Gen
eral Smith, who was pent with a de
tachment of troops on a gunboat in
search of Captain George H. Tilley of
the signal corps, reported missing at
Escalante, on the island of Negros,
sent the body of Captain Tilley to
Iloilo to-Tlay on board a launch. The
body was buried later in the day, with
! notable ceremonies. English friends of
the captain joined with his comrades
of the signal corps in arranging for the
I funeral and heaped wreaths of flowers
upon the coffin of the dead soldier.
General Smith remains at Escalante
with his soldiers'to search for tire miss
ing men who were with Captain Tilley
when he met his death.
WASHINGTON, May SO.— The two
following dispatches were received at
! the War Department to-day and give
! the first details of Captain Tilley's
death on the island of Negros:
[LOILO, May 30.— Adjutant General,
Washington: Captain George H. Tilley.
; r. S. v.. Signal Corps, was killed at Es
: calante, Island of Negros, by insurgents
!on Saturday, May 27, at n o'clock. De
' tails not known. He was buried at Iloilo
May 30. VAN YAI.ZAH.
MANILA. May 30.— Adjutant General,
Washington: The cabli company's vessel
I placing 'able between Iloilo and Cebu ran
to Escalante, east coast of Negros, to re
move old cable connections. Captain Til
ley of the Signal Corps accompanied her,
and with the captain of the vessel and
three men visited the town, the natives
making friendly demonstrations. While
tht-r<- they were ambushed. The yes
captain and one man escaped to the ves
sel in a launch. Tilley and two men tak
ing to the water and they were not res-
The vessel then reported at Iloilo.
eral Smith was Informed, and Imme
ly took seventy-tlve men and pro
. ■'■ to E calante. This morning the
body of Captain Tilley was found float
ing in th.- river, with marks of violence
on the head. The body was sent to
, Iloilo. Smith remains at Escalante for
! the present. OTIS.
FOUR THOUSAND WOULD
REMAIN AT MANILA
NEW YORK, May 30.— The Washington
correspondent of the Herald telegraphs:
Information has been received here that
satisfactory results have attended the
movement among numbers of the volun
t<-.-r regiments in Manila for the estab
lishment of a large American colony in
;::. Philippines.
Four thousand of the volunteers now in
the islands are reported to have signed
:i petition to tin- President and Secretary
of War praying that they receive their
discharges in Manila Instead of at the
],:■.,■ ea of enlistment, and that they be
! allowed travel pay to the place of en
llstment. it. was explained that they be
-6 the Philippine Islands offered rare
opportunities for industrious and enier
prising Americans to make for themselves
homes, and that they desired to remain
for tut- purpose of taking part in the de
velopraent of the mining, agricultural and
industrial I of ti.e isiands.
rhe petition promised that in the event
of favorable action by the Government
those signing it pledged their united sup
port in upholding the laws and protecting
the interests of the United States there
and woui. if so desired, become mem
bers of a national guard or such other
organization as mlgni be necessary for
the b>-st protection of American interests
in the Philippines.
When the petition was brought to the
attention of the War Department Instruc
tions were cabled to General Otis and he
issued a circular just received by the
department, in which he said:
■•When tli«- volunteer organizations are
ordered home for muster out Individual
members who wish to remain in tin: Phil
ippine Islands, whose services have been
honest and faitnful, will be discharged
by the department commander. Soldiers
upon being so discharged, will be entitled
to trav-1 allowances from the stations of
their organizations »o the places of en
listment for land travel only, with the
privilege of free transportation on Gov
ernment transport within one year after
the date of their discharge.
••.Members of the regular or volunteer
: . service discharged under the provision of
this order who immediately re-enlist in
: the regular army will be entitled to travel
I allowances for the total distance land
and sea, from the place of discharge to
the place of enlistment."
I'nder the terms of this order volunteers
remaining in Manila will have a fairly
large sum with which to commence pri
vate business. General <>tis has not yet
I officially advised the department* of the
■ number of volunteers who have re-en
listed, either in the regular army or for
| six months, but it is reported that only
i enough men have been obtained to form
two full regiments.
GENERAL OTIS HAS
PLENTY OF TROOPS
WASHINGTON. May SO.— General Otia
has informed the War Department that
h( will be satisfied If the- army under his
command is kept at a maximum of 30,000
The President will tfiv<- him this number.
The situation in the Philippines was the
subject of an extended conference to-day
between the President and Adjutant Gen
eral Corbin. In view of the more or less
alarming reports which have been sent
to the United States from Manila, it Is
Important to know that the President
does nol in the -inxiety which thtse
dii i»ai( bea nave created.
General Otis baa kept in dose touch
I with the authorities here, and if he was
i In a tight position, which the press re
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 31, 1899.
THE NEW STAR IN
THE DRAMATIC SKY
Beautiful Blanche Bates Has Car
ried the Critics of the Capital
Literally by Storm.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, May 30.
Blanche Bates, the California actress,
has captivated Washington and the city
to-day is talking of her wonderful suc
cess last night.
The Post says: "In spite of rain and
wind the Columbia Theater was crowd
ed with people who had heard erf Miss
Bates' phenomenal triumphs this sea
son. They knew that the young actress
had a brief but meteoric career, begun
in California only a few seasons ago,
when Frawley discovered and developed
her talent. Her coming to New York,
where, as a member of Augustin Daly's
et.-mpany. she became the rival of Miss
Kehan for critical commendation and
popular applause, won the most gener
ous praise any new American actress
has ever received from the New York
press.
"All this set a high standard of ex
pectation that few players would be
able to equal, but it may be said with
out exaggeration that no one was dis
appointed and many were surprised
with her performance last night. Wash
ington has seen two previous perform
ances of 'The Dancing Girl,' by Beer
bohm Tree and E. H. Sothern, yet
neither has surpassed in excellence that
of last night by the Frawley company."
The Times says: "A scant three
months sine? Mme. Modjeska predicted
that ere long an actress would come
out of the far West to startle the world
with her infinite genius and establish
a new standard of perfect art. The
time since then has given proof of her
prophecy and the metropolis — tardy, in
deed, to recognize merit — has pro
nounced the fulfillment of the predic
tion of the Polish artiste. A new queen
reigns in professionalism, as far as the
national capital Is concerned, in the
ports seem to Indicate, it is felt that he
would not hesitate about making his
dilemma known. On me contrary, the ad
vices received from him show that he is
not in need of a largely increased army.
He has cabled that press reports of the
activity of the insurgents south of Manila
have been greatly exaggerated, and lie
thinks 30,000 men will be ample to meet all
requirements.
ORDERED TO SHOOT
EVERY NATIVE SEEN
STOCKTON. May 30.— Richard King, i
Stockton boy serving as a soldier in the
Philippines, in a letter to his mother
gives considerable insight into the treach
erous disposition of the Filipinos. He
says:
"On the 16th of April I, with twelve
other men, was stationed in an old native
church to guard a bridge. Everything
w.i.t weil for the first three days. In
front of the church lived three natives,
and every time we would eat we would
rive them food, and thought they were
our friends. I was on guard on the 19th.
My time was up about 3:30 in the morn
ing I had hardly gone to sleep when
about 150 armed natives came through the
rear of the church. We were compelled
to retreat. Just as we were going through
the front door of the church the three
natives, to whom we had given the food,
opened tire on us with rifles, we re
treated over the bridge and the bullets
came all around us. Luckily, however,
there was but one man hit. and he was
killed Instantly. The poor fellow had just
written home to his mother and told her
he was in goo,) health. The captain gave
orders to shoot every native we saw.
PROTEST OF WOMEN
AGAINST IMPERIALISM
NEW YORK. May 30.— A special to the
World from Boston says: A committee
of prominent women to-day issued an ad
dress to American women, urging them
to aid the Anti-Imperialist League In its
work of opposition to the war in the Phil
ippines. The committee has prepared a
petition to President McKinley. appealing
to him to "cease at once this war of
criminal aggression." Copies of this peti
tion will be sent broadcast to the women
of the nation for their signatures
The committee is composed of Mrs.
Thomas Wentworth Higginson, Mrs.
Lewis G. Janes. Alice Freeman Palmer,
Margaret Storer Warner. Sarah Sherman
StOTer Annie Longfellow Thorp. Harriet
E Brooks. Mrs. William James. Sarah h..
Hunt and Fanny L. Abbott.
ZAMBOANGA BOMBARDED
BY THE AMERICANS
NFW YORK, May 31.— A dispatch to
the Journal and Advertiser from London
•=avs- A special dispatch from Labunn
announces that severe fighting is reported
between the Americans and Filipinos on
the i« and of Mindanao. The principal
city on the island, Zamboanga has been
bomb-irded and burned and is in runs.
The same dispatch reports trouble in
Sulu. The Americans have blockaded the
P A 'British steamer was denied admission
and was escorted seaward by the United
States gunboat Castine.
-•■ ■ —
BARKER SOON TO
SAIL FOR HOME
MANILA May 30.— The cruiser Boston
will' soon sail for the United States with
Captain Barker, temporarily in command
Of the Asiatic squadron, and the depar
ture of that officer will leave Captain
Georfre F. Wilde, now in command of the
Boston, Iti supreme control until the ar
rival of Rear Admiral Watson.
Captain Wren has organized a company
of a hundred Maeababes as scouts 1 hey
wear United States army shirts and
trousers, and are under Wren's personal
command. __
CANADA STUBBORN ON
THE ALASKAN QUESTION
Premier Laurier Says There Will Be
No Retreat From the Position
It Has Assumed.
OTTAWA. Ont., May 30.— 1n the House
last night Sir Wilfrid Laurier. the Prem
ier, replying to a question relative to the
Alaskan boundary question, said Can
ada's position to-day was exactly what
It was when the commission adjourned.
There has been no change, and there
would be none on the part -of Canada.
"According to our construction of the
treaty of 182T»." continued the Premier,
"the boundary line should follow the
crest of the mountains nearest to the
coast, passing, over bays and creeks and
Inlets, which are territorial waters,
whereas the Americans maintain the
boundary line should be drawn so as to
place in American territory the strip of
territory which was given to Russia by
the treaty of 1825. beyond and above all
headwaters. That was the contention. I
may say. which was maintained all along
by both parties, and it may be assumed
that this was the position maintained by
the Rrltish Commissioners.
"After negotiating on these lines for a
long time without reaching an agreement
we proposed arbitration on the \ enezue
lan precedent. That proposition was ours,
and it was not coupled with any other
conditions."
BLANCHE BATES.
person of Miss Blanche Bates. She is
graceful, active, natural, distinguished,
potent and pathetic, as occasion de
mands, and. above all, possesses that
indefinable quality known as charm.
In the light scenes of the initial act
Miss Bates is bright, piquant and nat
ural: in the second act, artful, sinful
and Jezebel like; in the third, audacious,
thrilling, magnificent, superb. Prob
ably no more enthusiastic reception has
ever been seen than that following this
act. Recall after recall summoned the
principals before the audience, and the
applause only ceased when Mr. Fraw
ley briefly but with sincerity and pride
thanked all for the reception tendered
his protege."
BROOKLYN'S TEAM
ADDS TO ITS LEAD
Bean-Eaters Suffer a Defeat at the
Hands of the Lowly Cleve
landese.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
! Clubs— . W. L. Pet. i Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ...27 11 .771 Cincinnati ..IS 17 .514
St. L0ui5. ...24 13 .649 New Y0rk. ..15 21 .417
Boston 23 13 .639! Pltt?burg ...14 20 .412
Chicago 23 15 .605 1 Louisville ...12 24 .333
Philadelphia 21 13 .583 J Washington 12 26 .313
Baltimore ...20- 17 .541 Cleveland ... 8 25 .242
BOSTON. May 30.— Boston defeated Cleveland
this morning In a game which lacked Interest
up to the ninth inning, when Cleveland bunch
ed a home run and two singles and made three
runs. Stivetts was wild and Hill took his
place in the eighth inning. Attendance, 2400.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 7 12 2
Cleveland 3 4 1
Batteries— Killen and Clark; Stivetts. Hill
and Zlmmer. Umpires— Burns and Smith.
The home team could not do anything with
Sudhoft* In the afternoon. The Cleveland men
played a steady game and were never headed.
Dowd's work in the field and a stop by Col
lins of Lockhead's liner in the fifth were easily
i the features. Attendance, 5500. Score:
! Clubs-' R. H. E.
! Cleveland 6 11 l
i Boston 3 6 2
Batteries— Sudhoff and Sugden; Nichols and
Bergen. Umpires — Smith and Burns.
BALTIMORE, May 30.— Bad base running
and two costly errors lost the game for the
home team in its contest with St. Louis this
morning and the Orioles got very much the
worst of It from both umpires as well. At
tendance. 1500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore 3 12 2
.St. Louis 7 10 3
Batteries — Kitson and Robinson: Jones and
Crlger. Umpires — O'Day and McGarr.
In the afternoon, the Orioles turned the ta
bles on the visitors and hit Young safely
enough to win out, besides playing- brilliantly
in the field. Nops was in fit form and kept
the hits of St. Louis well scattered. Attend
ance, 3969. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore 6 13 i
St. Louis 4 7 2
Batteries— Nops and Robinson; Young and
Criger. Umpires— O' Day and McGarr.
NEW YORK. May 30.— The Giants lost this
morning's game through the worst kind of
fielding. They hit the ball hard and timely
enough to win an ordinary game, but the poor
fielding of Davit* and Warner offset this good
work. Attendance, 3000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 3 13 8
Cincinnati 9 15 4
Batteries— Carrick and Warner; Phllippl and
Peitz. Umpires— Gaffney and Andrews.
The Giants won this afternoon's game by a
few timely hits in the eighth inning. There
was a long argument over the winning run,
which was scored by Gleaaon. The ball was in
Peitz' hand before Gleason got to the plate,
but !t developed afterward that Peitz failed to
touch Gleason. Attendance, 14,000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E
Cincinnati 5 9 2
New York 7 10 2
Batteries— Taylor and Peitz; Doheny and
Grady. Umpires — Gaffney and Andrews.
BROOKLYN. N. V.. May 30.— A crowd of 7100
people welcomed the Bmoklyns on thoir return
from the West this morning and saw them win
a prettily played game. Magee, with the aid
of brilliant fielding, was invincible for six in
nings. He let down in the seventh, when
Brooklyn made five runs. Score:
Clutw— R. H. B
Louisville 14 0
Brooklyn 5 11 0
Batteries— Magee and Klttredge; Dunn and
Farrell. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
The afternoon game at Brooklyn brought
out a crowd of 17,300 people. It was
a struggle throughout. Brooklyn bunched
three hits in the second, scoring three
runs. Two triplets and two doubles
in the next two Innings scored three
runs for Louisville and the score was not
changed until the eighth. Then a base on balls
'to McGann. Daly's single and some daring base
running brought in the winning run. Score: *
Clubs— R. H E
Louisville 3 s $
Brooklyn 4 8 3
Batteries— Cunningham and Klttredge; Ken
nedy ana Farrell. Umpires— Lynch and Con
nolly.
PHILADELPHIA. May 30.— Chicago outplay
ed the Phillies this morning and won with
ease. Fifleld was batted out of the box and
Wheeler, who succeeded him, was little Im
provement. Attendance, 5350. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E
Chicago 14 IS a
Philadelphia 2 8 4
Batteries— Nichols and Callahan; Douglass
Fifleld and Wheeler. Umpires— Emslie and
McDonald.
Chicago had no difficulty In taking this after
noon's game from the . Phillies. The visitors
batted Platt at will and nernhard was substi
tuted when It was too late to save the game
Attendance, 6451. Score:
Clubs— R. H E
Chicago 9 16 3
Philadelphia 4 a 2
Batteries— Taylor and Donahue; Platt. Bern
hard and Douglass. Umpires— Emslie and
McDonald.
PITTSBURG, May 30.— Tannehill'B steady
pitching and Williams' superb batting won the
game for Pittsburg. MeFarland also pitched a
good game. In ths ninth he was struck In the
groin by a batted ball, but plucklly retired the
BIDET BEATEN
BY JOHN BRIGHT
Loses by a Nose at the
Wire.
EXCITING RACE AT LATONIA
MAY HEMPSTEAD FINISHES IN
THE "SHOW."
Half Time Outfoots Filigrane at
Qravesend Through the Morris
Entry Being Pocketed in
the Stretch.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, May 30.— John Bright
won the Decoration Day handicap for
three-year-olds and upward at Latonia
to-day in a driving finish. He beat Isabey
a nose on the post after one of the most
exciting contests ever witnessed at the
Latonia track. May Hempstead, the fa
favorlte, was third. She set her own pace
for the first mile, which was covered fu
1:43^4, and then gave up the position to
John Bright, who was joined by Isabey in
the last 100 yards, and the pair fought it
out to the wire. Isabey was closing fast
as they neared the winning post and
would have won in another stride. Bat
ten was beaten two lengths for third
money. The track was soft from the
light rain which fell before the horses
went to the post for the stake race. The
stake was worth $1870 to the winner. Re
sults:
Six furlongs— Hampden won, Flop second,
Lucy M third. Time, 1:17.
One mile — Dr. Wlthrow won, Pat Garret sec
ond. Llewanna third. Time,' 1:45.
Five furlongs — Jucoma won, Talma second,
Ida I^edford third. Time, 1:03%.
One and an eighth miles, the Decoration Day
handicap — John Bright won, Isabey second.
May Hempstead third. Time. 1:56.
Six furlongs, handicap — Samovar won, Bertha
Nell second, The Lady in Blue third. Time,
1:16.
One mile, selling— Monadour won, High Jinks
second. Cynic third. Time, 1:43<4.
NEW YORK, May 30.— The attendance
at Gravesend to-day was fully as large
as that on Brooklyn handicap day. The
card was a poor one, however. In the
Clover stakes Fond Hopes was a favorite
and early in the race got a lead of a half
dozen lengths. Coming Into the stretch,
however, the favorite dropped back to
third place, while Oneck Queen and Mis
ericordia had it out in a drive all the.
way through, finishing a length apart,
Half Time and Lackland were the only
ones who elected to go against the speedy
Morris colt Filigrane in the Preakness,
and Half Time was made favorite. When
straightened out on the back stretch Half
Time was a length in front of Flligrane.
Here Lackland moved up and pocketed
Filigrane, and in the drive home Half
Time won by three parts of a length. Re
sults:
Sli furlongs— Continental won. Vertigo sec
ond, Sanders third. Time, 1:15V4.
One and an eighth miles— Don de Oro won,
Azucena second, Jeannot third. Time, 1:54.
Clover Ftake?, four and a half furlongs—
Oneck Queen won, Misericordia second, Fond
Hopes third. Time, :56.
Preakness, one and a sixteenth miles— Half
Time won, Filigrane second, Lackland third.
Tlm<\ 1:47.
Selling, six furlongs— Handball won, Mazar
ine second, Concord third Time. 1:15.
Selling five furlongs— Fluke won, Trumpet
second, McMeekin third. Time, 1:03.
CHICAGO, May 30.— Weather clear,
track slow. Results at Harlem:
Six furlong-B, Belling— Simon D won, Josephine
D second Mary Klnsella. third. Time, 1:23%.
Four and a half furlongs, two-year-olds—
Hoods Brigade won, Iznik second, Dick
Furber third. Time, 1:00%.
One and an eighth miles— Monagh won. Ban
quo II second, H^i third. Time, 2:05%.
Five furlong's— Opaque won, Abe Furst sec
ond. Andes third. Time, 1:06%.
One and a sixteenth miles— Old Saugus won,
Myth second, Gnlathee third. Time. 1:58.
One mile— Brigade won, .1 J T second. Prince
Blazes third. Time, 1:51%.
ST. LOI'IS, May 30.— The Memorial day
programme at the fair grounds, despite
the bad weather of the morning, drew an
immense holiday crowd. The principal
event of the day, the Memorial handicap,
was won by Fireside. Her stable com
panion, Gibraltar, was scratched. Fire
side was entered shortly before the day's
racing began. Her price, even at the odds
of 10 to 1, did not attract any heavy play.
Frank Bell. Cotton Plant and Dave
Waldo, the favorites, were played heavily,
but they were not in It, except Waldo,
who lust "showed."'
In the Memorial. Alleviate acted badly
at the post, delaying the start. Obsidian
broke through the gate several times,
causing a long delay. Finally the starter
brought them all into line and they got
away together. Headwater soon went to
the "front and showed the way to within
seventy yards of the wire, when Fire
side came like a flash and won by a head
oi: the post, ridden out from the pace
maker. Dave Waldo lasted just long
enough to nose out Cotton Plant. The
winner received $1465. Results:
Selling, six and a half furlongs— Loving Cup
won. Pat Morrlssey second. Belle Ward third.
Time. 1:21.
Selling, seven and a half furlongs— Czarowitz
won. Parole dOr second, Ransom third. Time,
For two-year-olds, five furlongs— Lasso won,
High Knocker second, John Miller third. Time,
1:02 Vt.
Memorial stakes, value $1500, five and a half
furlongs— Fireside won. Headwater second,
Dave Waldo third. Time. 1:08^.
Belling, seven and a half furlongs— Branch
won Her Own second, Gold Band third. Time,
1:86%.
One mile— Be True won. Duke of Baden sec
ond. Lee Bruno third. Time, 1:42^.
£ <♦>-♦-<♦>-♦-<}> -♦-<«>-»-<S> -♦-<s>-♦-©
side; and Baker pitched the tenth inning. At
tendance. 3200. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Pittsburg 4 11 l
Washington 3 9 2
Batteries— Tannehlll and Schriver: MeFarland
and McGulre. Umpires— Swartwood and War
ner.
Pittsburg won the second game from Wash
ington by a pmnll margin. I.eever's weakness
In the fourth and eighth, and errors behind
him, allowed Washington to tie the score. The
game was won by Leever's three-bagger in the
ninth followed by Donovan's single to cen
ter. Attendance, 7000. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Pittsburg 6 10 4
Washington -1 8 2
Batteries— Leever pnd Bowerman; Dineen and
McGulre. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
SLOAN CLAIMS A FOUL.
Dead Heat at Epsom Decided in Favor
of the American.
LONDON. May 30.— Tod Sloan finished
first on Lord "William Beresford's bay
horse Knight of the Thistle in the race
for the Craven stakes of 200 sovereigns
at Epsom to-day. La Uruguay was sec
ond and Hermiston third. The betting
was 7 to 4 against. Knight of the Thistle.
The Epsom plate of r>oo sovereigns was
won by Captain Forester's six-year-old
brown mare Tender and True. Sloan
rode' D. Seymour's three-year-old Clare
haven and was unplaced. The betting
was 6 to 1 against Clarehaven. Richard
Croker's Knickerbocker was among the
twenty-two starters, but failed to secure
a place.
In the race for the Norbury plate of
200 sovereigns Lord Stanley's six-year-old
chestnut horse Golden Rule, with 2 to 1
against him and ridden by Sloan, and
Mr. Devereaux's four-year-old chestnut
colt Fregoll, ridden by Ixiates, ran a
dead heat. Sloan raised an objection
against Fregoli's boring, which was sus
tained and the race was given to Golden
Rule Horatio Bottomley's Labrador was
third.
Wedding Invitations, visiting cards, fine
stationery and printing at Sanborn &
Vails, 741 Market street. •
THE EMPORIUM.
J This store is the recognised bargain center of the J
* Pacific Coast. We give an absolute guarantee as to qual- *
» #j> of the goods that we sell, and consider no transaction $
J complete until the customer is satisfied. :%
* - : WMil _ — — : _ <jt
.j Figure Exhibit. CAUFORHIAS LAMEST-AMERICAS. CRUDEST. STORE. <Da^ ecinid «
I S#/fts Ha// Price To-Day. £
? Great Bargains for Wednesday shoppers. Three lines of Sum- *»
» mer Silks at half regular prices. ♦
* 24-inch . Foulards, mostly Polka dots and stripes, in Blue and Black Grounds — our 2
j? regular $1 quality. On sale IVednesdav and until sold ...; 800
{ 27-inch Printed India Silk, in Floral and Scroll designs, with Black Ground — our <#>
regular 75c yard qua' ity. On sale VVednesdtv and until sold 37%G ♦
ft, 24-inch India Silk — Black Ground and Colored Stripes — extra heavy quality — our ♦
ft, regu ar 50c grade. On sale IVeJn-sdav and until sold : 250 JJ
*. Special Wednesday Only. Wednesday Special Sale of *
i 50c Underwear for Ladies' Shoes. ♦
* 3Sg» Another of the big store's f" x "Sr— -> 2,
* £4%2i, *°*" biggest bargains in Ladies' V \ | #
- 4 v*^l Shoes — Dongola kid button |*< •'( <•
2 h ■? A great Under- shoes, Imperial toes, patent I > I ♦
* /tVi wear opportunity for j leather tips, and new coin ja) A «
* y^V-\\Wl\v\ men— 3o dozen fine toes with kid tips— a shoe /«5 A ♦
* Jx%V\ \'W D " rby ribbed > form - of exceptional value, very /.7 /*\ ♦
* W\^VVilll rtl \ fitting garments— stylish and a sure / 9 '/JM 1
*^^^1 :'■ I! shirts or drawers— ppeai eas er— sold reg- jLJ^f^^ Z
* ■ handsome pink shade u i ar i y at $2 pair— jf J 4
a /IHkI/I ■ —trimmed splendid- special Wednesday A&^oS ♦
? '/l/ ( fW!ii| ly— pearl buttons— iOn ly $1,17 *"■ — ♦
5 ' I ''i/'vi V) drawers gnssetted " . — — — <f
* i!,! f' ; I and re-enforced— ex- Wednesday Sbecial Sale. ■#
* i ll; 'A ; tra well knitted — , Nt*w Sana*. *
*• If A clean, bright.' staple NeW &OngS. «
* I/" /1 / I^^ goods, fresh from ~~~ ' ~ ' • I Three new pongs *
* ill (I'M V~~ the mil1 ' and a bi » v " IItJU all of them charm- «
* J^L-UfjS^s. value at 50c each— /^l^jH^ fli ing— are placed on
% Xl I C special to-day only.. ™{mv^ }**■ <t'{> Bale for the first
a L\j 36g iX^-cLiVW 0 time to-day at fess «
J. (J *.3^.P;^*** than one-half reg- «
ft, .** m ,J'".''.'ZZ, ular prices. ♦
* stecw/ </*// ///^ »^(?A. ••'Sl3%'-"^^ : "" " On the Day That J
t _^--rri?r^- . .w> bought I: . I l\Sv//Mi« day on ' l7c *
1 1 300Birdseye '^^^fl^J. " R ° Care >'-" Lee *
* W'3 'I'lr^^^uT Maple Tables -- Johnson ' 8 beauti " ♦
* /i/ /// N \\\ at a very ful . ballad ~T on 21
* /If /// V ! \\ \\\ s P ecial price. K *S=s Wednesday on v... *?
* Iff 7/ Ml l) They are in ' "~]v — — ' I'O J
* [M ■ » I fly the grac ful "Remember She's Mv Sister," Lee John- ~,
} II I'/ '// shape shown i son's latest song, on Wednesday only 17c
I 1 si I Sh'fi r n e -~ i IVednesdav Special Sale of J
* I r^Jil ill i ned; an d Jeiiv TuniblerSm j
* V //: — -41 { will be. sold •Tn , -_ J,
* rfrirMU until Satur- . Je \ f s f ea^ n ™ 03t fc^^T^fev $
* BMr \\ day ni^ht, if "« buy Turn- E_J||j *
i \ quantity la 8 ts blera to-day, even .f m^r^^m J
I I /JU 111 v \\^ that long, at you are not . quite Wti^T^JM *
'- /// \\\ «# on*' 1, ready, for its improb- I. if ». hi i
* 4^ V $#.OO each. / thatthev will be |,f yM ♦
? — ■ ' as cheap again this :| 1 ujj <f
; Wednesday Wash Fabric Sbecial. season. These have tin I^tT^-vvJ *
ft, «•*>] B m ■»! covers and fancy fluted •Q-5 L ~' '^iii *
,», MMS2G PerCaieS, Z. 2 C« bottoms, as shown in VN^TrYtjW *
#1 This morning we take from our line of picture — sell regularly , . *
* 12',,c Percales 150 pieces, everyone of | at 35c — special to-day 0n1y... 25G 2,
* which is the well-known Merriraac pro- . ~ ' • J»
• * duction— a guarantee of perfect CO or- Special for Four D.IVS. J
I ings and high-grade cloth. They are full G?°ceries-Liquors *
£ yard wHe-the styles are right— laven- * w * u **«" CJ '^ a-sff^v* 9
*, ders, blues, greens" and fashionable dots J These . greatly reduced prices on «
#. Price to-morrow morning (if any remain Staple high quality goods are for **
* unsold) wiil be 12-^ yard. Special to- Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and J
% day onl - v -• ....,. : 7 *° Saturday only. " 5
* c . ■• 1c , , 7 , j _, , Sweet Corn— best quality *
ft, Spec Sale Wednesday of iowa-this week, per can. v 7o *
* !Lifaf*g*s\lf &e*gaa*fes i Soap— Rex Diamond - C— ths new *
* «.»MC» «JT a«,drifi», l large bar full value at 5 c _ while sup . J
ft ■ 2OGm _. ply lasts, 14 bars f0r.... 503 *>
* i> tf T-wtv ji-^vK Wheat Manna— The latest in «
* o-ii o rf i[ir« /^ n "<^ breakfast food— packages weigh 2 lbs" «
» Silk Serfs, like /W-Cl->^\=\ net— 10c each— for 4davs.7o ♦
* picture, 2 yards (Nl^fe?'' Ca»l#/eS-Miller's Adamantine- *
ft long, stjhshly > 7-^3l^ regularly 20c dozen-for 4 days 13g J
* S£? a tU gool Jt_*^;^ 7 £ Car# quality- J
* S\l7. Oar: tkW^F- Chicken and Tunkey^R &R %
l SPI 7^VT -b-a-l-b tins-^lafly 46g- I
good colors- IJl(\,\ V )\ Hamonfoß9ue-n.&K.--j>ot- *
* £ gUlar 1, I A^ 1 }$SjZfo- tei-^.-regularlv 20 3 tin! .|sc ♦
S S^^iio oi ire»,«a R |r y eo«^O»-5 years |
f| Z^^^ 31^^ Regularly $3.50 gallon, i0r..52m 75 %
ft • 7~ ...  T. , R^u'ary $1.00 botte, for 75c «
J Special t/Ul the Week. Bulldog Stout— Genuine Im- «
* Tapestry Brussels ported Guinness'— regularly $2 dozen— *
* ' a f e *' r / "' "°^ for4dav^ 51.65 «"
£ Carpets, 45c Yard. Bethesda Mineral Water *
T Tapestry Brussels — good variety of — Pints— regularly $1.75 dozen— while J
jt patterns — all-wool surface— also hand- supnlv 'as*s. $1.15 «i
* some desi2n3 for halls and stairs. Spe- Gin—V. V. & Z.— large black bottles <w
A cia! all this week, per yard...-. 45o regularly $I.6o— for $1.35 ♦
SLAIN IN HIS BEDROOM.
Shot Fired Through a Window at an
Arizona Man.
SOLOMONVILT.E. Ariz., May 30.—
James R. Lassater of Safford was mur
dered at his home last night while stand-
Ing by his bed preparing to retire. The
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTING.
Ln nEfipN Manufacturer of Peittnsf find
. I. 1/LULiI, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
t lon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
.BO LER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works- 113-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045. ,
EOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books ' and Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
tOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbine, Steamboat
and Ship Work a .Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 6641.
DRUGGISTS » HOLES ALE>.
REDINGTON & CO. s s oT^e d L s^i c n n i
, FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TIC EAVIiC X- Til Snipping Butchers, 104
JA3- CUIE3 Qi tO,, clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co.. Importers and Deal-
ers In hardware, 603 Market; tel. Mala 751-
THE EMPORIUM.
murderer shot him "hroug-h the window,
tilling his breast with buckshot. He died
instantly. As yet no motive is known lor
the crime and there have been no ar
rests.
The oourtship of Romeo and Juliet
discloses a spark of Shakespearean
•srenius.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton & Hedley. Proa*,
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery D«.
scriptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
LIQUORS.
GUDOLD WHISKEY, gallon $1.50 ; cue, $6.03
0. P. 8. PONY, do .......$2.50; ease $10.0J
L. CAHEN & SON, 418 Saer&mento St., B. F.
NO BETTER ON EARTH & r n?ke M
Comanche Ochre Co.. 203 Front; tel. Jessie 1836.
PAPER DEALERS. '
Wll I AMPTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
TfILLMITILIIL 722 Montgomery Str»s\
PRINTINa.
EC HITCH II <£ 511 PRINTER.
• W- 1HJUIILOi;,11 Sansome street.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO. M ss£& ,ffi£
STATIONER AND PRINTER. .
Telpgraphlc DAßTDinrF 306 Call-
Codes. r /\IV I KILUjC fornia st.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES, ETC.
TI lIVIIV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• L Lift ll I> IS-k. Wedding Rings. 43d st.
WtilTii ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the .. *
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES, -
Is the Ben Coal in the Market
Office and Yards — Mala StreoU
5r>
WEDNESDAY .....MAY 31, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Mar-Ret and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .'....217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terra by MkII. Including Postaire:
PAILY CALL. (Including Sunday Call), one year * 6 22
PAILY CALL. (including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), I month* 1.50
PAILT CALL— J3y Single Mo--th •■•• °5o
SUNDAY CALL One Year : i 1 - 6 °
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1 -°°
All postmasters are authorised to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwardod when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
JNEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building.
C. GEO. KROGISE6S, Advertising Representative
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Msrquotto Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street, corner Ctay
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Haye* street, open until
9:30 o'clocK. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2£9 ( Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Moth and the Flame."
Grand Opera House— •The Princes* Nlootlae.** i
■ur- Vaudeville.
Tlvoll ■ ' "
Chutes Zoo and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympla— Comer Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
?utro BathiH-Swimmlng Races, etc.
California —"The Brownies In Fairyland," Thursday even-
ing, June 1.
California -- Italian Opera, Monday Evening. June 6.
AUCTION SALES.
By William G. Layng-Thls Day. Hors**. at 721 Howard
Ft reft.
By C. P. Troy *• Co. Thursday, June 1, at 2 and 8 p. m..
Chinese and Japan^e Gor<ds. at 33 Geary street.
By Eos-ton, Eldridge & Co.— Thursday. June '■ at 10:30 ■" m
end 2:30 p. m.. Turkish Rugs, at 125 Geary street.
By Easton. Eldridge & Co.— Tuesday, June 6, at 12 o'clock,
K>>al Estate, at fiSS Market street.
A PLACARD POSTED.
THE hackrueyed scribe who imitates literary work
in the yelknv bfliidmg at the intersection of Post
and Market streets placarded the railroad view
of the franchises before the Board of Supervisors in
the editorial columns of yesterday's Evening Post. As
the article was a combination of nonsense and
of falsehood, with a slight modification of the ordin
ary bullying tone of the railroad when addressing the
public.
Why any franchise should be granted for fifty years
when the municipality had determined to grant none
foi mon than twenty five: why no percentage should
be exacted for five years when a rate of at least .* per
cent for that period had been fixed: why abandoned
franchises should be resurrected: why the Market
Street Railway Company should be awarded a com
ilway monopolj on terms written by it
self: why the people should be cheated out of their
charter — the purveyor of purulent railroad mat
tei did not even pretend to explain. But he did
: i;p one inspire! lie and surround it with mean
ingless phrases. He urged that the franchises, for
which arrangements had been made with a supposed
majority of the Board of Supervisors, were open to
.<] that each would be secured by the
highest bidder. He failed t.i add that the entire
scheme of robbery had been so adjusted that the only
ible bidder would be the Market Street Railway
Company.
most familiar characterization of the railroad
despotism that has been too long tolerated in this
• that the article contained was the denunciation
of the press and of the public as guilty of "a silly and
injurious agitation " Any man or any newspaper that
dares even to question the right of the railroad to
take any public property it covets, without compensa
sation. or to treat public officers as its own chattels,
has been for years liable not only to the vulgar abuse
of railroad hirelings, hut to realize railroad interfer
ence with business and even with social relations.
The creatures who are the servile tools of the Hnn
tinpton tyranny, used to force his dictatorial edicts
upon a free community, absolutely keep ledger ac
counts with reputable citizens all over the State, in
v. hich they are debited and credited according to their
independence or their subserviency. They are even in
the habit of parading necrologicul statistics in order,
like the Apaches, to display the scalps they have taken.
They pack municipal and legislative halls with the fes
tcrinc politicians they control, and. until forbearance
es to be a virtue, jostle their betters out of the
way. They prate about encouraging enterprise and
increasing solid population, when for thirty years
their principal occupation has been to fence out de
sirnble immigrants and to plunder communities and
individuals. The money they help Mr. Huntington to
?ccumuk:;' to the East, to Newport News, to
Guatemala, to Africa, or to any other part of the globe
except the State which the railroad has cur-ed with
execrable service, while it has drained its profits and
insulted its citizens.
And yet these impudent caricaturists of manhood
and of decency attack men who have resisted their
bleeding propensities and who have expended rnil
li ins in internal development and in those enterprisi s
which, in spite of railroad corruption, have lifted the
State to its present level and prepared it to reap the
I tnefit of its existing advantages. But they have not
appreciated their own mortality nor realized that at
1 .-! they ar? trifling with fire. The broken pledges of
the last campaign, the infamous candidacy of Daniel
M. Burns, the recent contemptuous parade of absolut
ism by their New York Pasha, and the cold blooded
audacity with which it was sought to steal the last
remnants of municipal easements, have excited popu
:ndignation to a pitch which forbids further
trying and communicates emphatic and realistic
When, as now. the Huntington tyranny is on one
'ie and a free press and honest citizenship on the
r. the best thing the hard-faced bullies of the
railroad can do is to rdapr-e into temporary silence
ai:d to assrtme the virtue of modesty, even though they
have it not.
i wo new and desperately formidable foes have en-
U red the Philippines to attack the American forces.
Starvation and diser.se have come with the rainy
season, and there is widespread fear that their shafts
v. ill be far more dangerous than Filipino bullets.
After viewing calmly what a majority of the Board
r>f Supervisors attempted to accomplish Monday after
aoou, how would you like to be a Supervisor?
PROBABLE DEFEAT OF STREET
RAILWAY ROBBERY.
THE card of Supervisor E. C. Kalben. printed in
another column of The Call of this date, is cred
itable to himself and deeply gratifying to the
public. If the actual intentions of that gentleman had
! been sooner disclosed he would have been relieved
fxoni apparently unmerited obloquy, which under the
j circumstances was inevitable. ■
Supervisors Per,rault, Deasy, Byington, Lackmann
and Heyer. who fought so manfully and so intelli
tly for the community at the last meeting of the
rd, with this accession to their number can pre
vent an affirmative vote in favor of any one of the
franchises or privileges demanded by the Market
Street Railway Company and -avert the necessity of a
further resort to parliamentary tactics or to legal
technicalities in order to defeat the atrocious fraud, for
! which there is no precedent in our municipal history.
! There is no reason to believe that the monopoly, with
! all its resources or through its available strategy, can
I produce any break in the ranks of these six municipal
! representatives, who thus stand committed to the un
compromising fulfillment of their duties under their
j official oaths.
The revised list of the railway salamanders, who are
' impenetrable to any possible appeal to their integrity,
. includes Supervisors Aigeltinger, Attridge, Black,
| Collins. Holland and Phelps. These men are inca
pable; of comprehending the controlling power of an
: honest motive in a public officer. Elected by the bal
lots of their fellow citizens, with pledges of upright
ness on their lips but with corruption and treachery
in their hearts, they will go down to posterity dis
graced beyond redemption, and leaving a heritage of
which their descendants will be ashamed. And while
they live, if the people of San Francisco are true to
3 and earnestly bent on a faithful adminis
tration of their local affairs, these men will be shunned
.nd, even though the application of this
drastic treatment may not wound their seared and
callous personalities, the example will not be lost upon
the ambitious politicians of the future.
Supervisor Kalben evidently agrees with The Call
in the proposition that the only way to meet public
expectation in the matter of the franchises which the
Market Street Railway Company has intrusted to its
agents in the board is to postpone their consideration
| until after the new charter goes into effect. It may be
said that, in respect to all subjects covered by that in
' strument, the principle of the referendum has been
| practically applied, and that the people of San Fran-
ci>co, with the indorsement of the State Legislature.
i have determined that no such -franchise shall he
' granted for more than twenty-five years, or without
i t lie immediate payment of percentages on gross re
o-ipt-;. to be increased after the lapse of five years, and
; that all the other restrictions that have heen adopted
i for the future protection of their municipality shall he
■enforced. As Supervisor Kalhen pertinently says: "The
city can acquire greater benefits through, the laws on
franchises in the new charter than it can under ex
| isting laws.'' To defeat the deliberate expression of
the public will even on these applications, which might
; ultimately be granted, by premature action under
railroad dictation, would be a transparent fraud and a
• 'ng outrage.
Supervisor Kalhen also concurs with The Call and
his reputable colleagues in the hoard in holding that
j the street railway facilities, essential to the revival of
; the northeast part of San Francisco from its present
nation and favored by the Merchants' Association
and by thr North End Improvement Club, should he
granted, but not that, under cover of this necessary,
improvement, the Geary street franchise should be
surrendered and renewed, <~>r the abandoned franchise
on Geary street between Taylor street and Gram
avenue recognized. It also follows that at no time
should the new franchise along Grant avenue and
down Bush street to Sansome street be awarded. The
full measure of the relief desired by the Merchants'
Association and by the North End Improvement
j Club will he attained by the new franchise for one
Mock on Taylor street between Geary and Post
\ streets, and by the use of electricity on the Post street
tern, for which, as the City and County Attorney
has stated, no additional municipal legislation is re
quired.
Unless all signs fail, therefore, and an apparently
. impossible extension of railroad corruption occurs,
it may he assumed that the attempted robbery of San
, Francisco by the street railway monopoly is checked.
Even without the satisfactory revelation of the fact
that the railway only had six available tools in the
Ronrd of Supervisors, the parliamentary action of the
; ! minority of the board on Monday last, fearlessly sus
! tamed by Mayor Phelan. had greatly, minimized the
i danger that had excited so threatening an outburst of
. civic indignation. Not only has the right of the Mayor
to veto any rascally donation of public, easements and
: of the use of public streets been successfully estab
■; lir-hed. but the soundness of Mr. Phelan's contention
that -ections 470 and 510 of the Civil Code, which,
, ; read together, provide that the use of any street,
, . alley or highway within any incorporated city or town I
; can only he awarded to a street railway corporation
I : by a two-third vote, applies to the scheme of the Mar
. i ket Street Railway Company, has not heen plausibly
I ; disputed. Unquestionably the act of 189;?, which pro
, hibits the granting of franchises within ninety days
. before or seventy days after a general election, is in
. full operation, and. therefore, the proposed surrender
f f the streets north of Market street would necessar
i ily have to be consummated by August 8.
Mayor Phelan and the minority of the Board of
I Supervisors at the last session of the board, uncon
. srinus of the reinforcement they have now fortu-
n ately received, unless there is some law or opera
. the rule to which our attention has not been directed,
. ' effectually blocked the railway game by a bold and
, decisive movement which, as Mr. Phelan observed,
. was dictated "by honest public policy." In order to
attend to the multifarious demands of public business
■ the board has been in the habit of adjourning from
week to week, or from one day to another, so that all
. the sessions held in a month were legally one meeting.
[ On Monday last the adjournment was sine die, and
. was so entered on the minutes. Section 67 of the
; consolidation act provides: "The Supervisors shall
• i meet within five days after each annual election and
. , also on the first Monday of January, April, July and
October of each year, and at such other times as
. ! specially required by law. or they may, for urgent
. reasons, be specially convoked by the president of
. the board." The conclusion seems tp be irresistible
. that, unless "specially convoked" by Mayor Phelan, of
. which there is no danger, the Market Street Railway
Company's steal cannot be again obtruded until Mon
day, July 3, 1899. If this be the fact, then the interval
. between that date and August 8 would be insufficient
for the completion of the robbery, even though pro
. pelled at the greatest attainable railroad speed.
. I There are now six members of the Board of Su
pervisors, with the Mayor at their head, who deserve
I sincere commendation. And on the main issue it
[ i self, unless there is some new concoction to be Qrigin
• j ated by railway ingenuity, San Francisco is to be con
jgratulated on its escape from an unendurable calamity.
THE SAN FKAXCISOO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 31, 1899.
THE DISCONTENT IN CUBA.
T REPORTS from Cuba are by no means reassur
b—/ ing, and it now looks as if serious disturbances
may yet occur there. The so-called "patriots,"
and they deserve that title about as well as any other,
have shown a decided unwillingness to surrender their
arms even when advised to do so by their commander,
Gomez, and when offered by the United States
$3,000,000.
Dispatches of Saturday from Havana state that
while our disbursing officer in that province has on
his list the names of 4317 Cuban soldiers entitled to
receive their share of the $3,000,000, less than eleven
applied for the money on the day the disbursing
office opened, and he is quoted as having said it is
doubtful if fifty of them do so. Fifty is but a small
number of "good" Cubans out of over 4000, and the
outlook is ominous.
The opposition of the rank and file of the Cuban
army to surrendering their arms is probably due to a
variety of causes of which patriotism is. only one, and
perhaps not the most potent. When men have been
for years living a kind of guerrilla life in a mild cli
mate, where it is no hardship to sleep out of dottrs
and go without food on occasions, they come at last
tv like the life, to feel an attachment for their rifles
and their knives; they like their companionship, and
naturally hesitate to surrender to a power almost un
known to them, which begins by taking from them
their arms and then disbands them. The amount of
money which each will receive out of the $3,000,000
is not very large even to a Cuban, and the entice
ments of coin, moreover, are not so great to tropical
people as some persons in the temperate zone im
agine.
There is another factor in the problem which merits
consideration. If reports from Havana be correct our
military administration there has not been the wisest
in the world. It appears to have been undertaken in
the spirit of reform, which is commendable, but it has
been carried out in the manner of United States re
formers, and that doesn't suit Cuba. When a people
have been accustomed all their lives to certain forms
of living it is not always advisable to compel them to
change suddenly and by military force, even if the life
be to some extent vicious.
The enforcement of Sunday laws, for example, such
as the closing of all business houses and the prohibi
tion of public games and entertainments on that day;
the abrupt suppression of the gambling rooms which
for years have been places of popular resort; the pro
hibition against smoking in streetcars and forbidding
any one to appear on the streets in undershirts, are
among the reforms that might have been left for edu-'
cation to accomplish. It is doubtful if even Washing
ton City or Boston would like such laws enforced by
soldiers.
As a matter of fact, snme of the military regulations
appear like petty tyranny, and were it not for the re
ports of them given in ?o many of the Eastern ex
changes of known accuracy it would be difficult to
accept them as true. They can hardly he other than
irritating. The Cubans have a morality and manners
of their own, suited to their climate and to their race,
and the reform regulations reported to have been
proclaimed there are not likely either to improve the
people or pacify them. It is, therefore, not wholly
strange that the patriots prefer to keep their arms and
take to the woods.
MARCHAND'S RECEPTION.
PARIS has had something of good fortune in the
course of events which have brought about the
decision of the Court of Cassation on the Drey
fus case at a time when popular attention is largely
taken up with preparations for the grand reception to
be given Jilajor Marchand on his return from his dan
gerous mis-ion to Central Africa. With public en
thusiasm aroused for the man who for the moment is
the hero of France, there will be less likelihood of an
outbreak than there would have been had nothing
occurred to distract the thoughts of the masses from
the Dreyfus controversy.
The work accomplished by Marchand in his march
across Africa will not have the great effects which
were expected of it. It appears that his mission was to*
make h\< way from the French possessions in Africa
across the divide to the Nile basin, where he was to
launch gunboats, and make his way to Fashoda, and
possibly Khartoum. He was to be followed by other
expeditions constituting a force strong enough to hold
the territory against the Mahdists, and thus place
France in possession of the abandoned provinces of
Egypt in the Soudan.
As his mission was a secret one, the force Riven him
was small. He made his way through the wilds of
Africa under circumstances of extreme difficulty. Dur
ing the march he proved himself to be one of the
boldest and most resourceful explorers and leaders of
our times. He reached the Nile, only to find that while
he had been struggling through the wildernesses and
the swamps. General Kitchener, with a British and
Egyptian army, had made a march up the Nile and
was in military possession of the land in dispute. Mar
chand therefore saw all his work was in vain. There
was nothing for him to do but to make a claim for
France and leave the i^sue to be settled by diplomacy,
as has been since arranged.
The failure of the military' and political features of
the expedition in no wise detracts from the credit due
to the intrepid explorer. Marchand did his work will,
and fully deserves any honor his country or his coun
trymen will bestow upon him. He at least placed
France in a position from which she could demand
concessions of trade rights along the Nile, and that,
while slight in comparison with what he hoped for, is
something out of which French trade may derive
great profit.
A stabbing affray at Harbor View, a picnic cutting
scrape on the way home, the deadly use of a knife
in a family row. the brutal beating of an aged
lodging-house keeper, the threatened death of a man
from a flying cuspidor, murderously sent on its mis
tiott, and a fistic entertainment of savage earnestness
on the water front, is the Sabbath record of the shad
ows of a big city.
The C/.ar's peace conference at The Hague has ap
pcinted a "drafting committee*' with the avowed pur
pose of making an acceptable combination of the de
mands made by representatives of Russia and Great
Britain. A slip of the pen would have made that
committee what many people believe it will prove
itself to be— a "grafting committee?"
Fears that the Cubans would not take kindly to the
American system of political government are rapidly
being dissipated. The soldiers of Gomez have already
demonstrated that they have learned a lesson in
American primary politics. They have been caught
stuffing the rolls.
At a conference recently closed by the religious sect
of Dunkards, it wns unanimously decided that neck
ties never should be worn except for health. There
are a few tenants of "murderers' row" at San Quen
tin who accept that dogma with the utmost enthu
siasm*
GENTLE SPRING OFF FOR A SUMMER VACATION.
PETE McGLADE
IS ONCE MORE
IN THE TOILS
Arrested by Detective
Gibson.
IN HIDING AT THE MANSFIELD
WAS LOCATED THROUGH THE
TRANSOM.
He Was Playing Cards With a Boon
Companion and Wilted When
He Was Discov
ered.
Peter W. McGlade was arrested yester
day afternoon on a bench warrant by De
tectlve Thomas Gibson at the Mansfield
House on Post street, above Grant ave
nue.
McGlade has hoen in hiding ever Bince
his indictment by the Grand Jury on May
22 on the charge of forgery, and it was
thought that ho had skipped for parts
unknown. Detective Gibson has hern
| working hard to discover his whereabouts
and succeeded in locating him by shadow
ing Park Jones, a former employe of the
registration office, and a close friend of
Mc<;iade.
Yesterday afternoon Gibson employed a
messenger boy to follow Jones and the
latter went into the Mansfield. Gibson
soon entered the house, hut could gel no
satisfaction from the landlady, Mrs. Mil
ler, regarding his suspicion that McGlade
was secreted in the house. The Chinese
servant employed there was equally as
reticent, but managed to blurt out that
"one big man had not left his room for a
week.".
This gave Gibson a clew, and learning
! from the messenger boy that Jones had
! disappeared somewhere on the second
I floor, he began a systematic investigation.
i He climbed up on the shoulders of Of
i ficer Purves and peered through the glass
transoms, with which each door .is pro
vided. After he had inspected several
rooms in this manner he finally came, to
No. 21 and there discovered McGlade in
b.is shirtsleeves, playing cards with Moose
Taylor, a former jockey at the Oakland
track.
McGlarle threw down the cards at Gib
son's apparition, and then with a sickly
smile said:
"Hello; you here again?"'
Seeing that the "jig was up," McGlade
went quietly with Gibson to the Central
I Station. Bail had been fixed on the for
gery charge at $3000.
McGlade refused to say anything about
his disappearance, but appeared to be dis
appointed that his bonds were not ready
as soon as he was booked. It is thought
that he intended to remain in hiding until
his attorney. Patrick Reddy, had returned
from Idaho, where he has gone to try
snme mining cases.
Detective Gibson expressed himself as
highly elated at McGlade's capture, as it
! was he who located the fugitive in Mex
ico, when he was first brought back.
"McGlade's friends," said Gibson, "were
around boasting that he would never be
located, and I made up my mind to catch
him if it was the last act of my life."
THE EVILS OF
EXAMINATIONS
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: I was
glad to see in to-day's Call a protest
against school examinations. I hope this
matter will be taken up by the parents
and with your permission thoroughly agi
tated in your paper. As a parent. I would
gladly help in such an agitation. A few
years ago, when a member of the State
Normal School, I saw Its "cruel and un
just" work. Young' women who were
short of funds and short In time, feel
ii.g the necessity of soon being at work,
would become so nervous during the cru
cial hour that we could tell by their burn-
Ing cheeks and anxious expression as they
came from the classroom that th^y had
been having an examination. I knew one
young woman, hard worked and conscien
tious, who became absolutely helpless at
one of these tests and could do nothing
at. all, and wns marked a •failure. Will
some physician please tell us what effect
upon the health these strains have? It
is the same in the country schools as In
the town. This afternoon an 11-year-old
boy on his way home from a Whole day
of "county examinations" stopped at my
door on an errand. He appeared sick and
at the point of crying. In answer to my
inquiry, he said his head ached and he
fuessed ft was the writing that made it.
t seems to me as though we parents are
furnishing the material in our children
for Boards of Education to have ground
throughout their educational systems re
gardless of their nerves, their anxieties,
their fears and tlu'lr sufferings. f say.
tno, do away with these examinations ;md
let the monthly- report cards made up
from daily recitations, averaged for the
year, decide the matter of promotion. The
mother of three school girls.
MRS. L R. MILLER.
Skyland, Cal., May 20. 1899.
« ♦ »
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
H. Weinstock of Sacramento is at the
Palace.
W. D. Berry, a mining man of Pres
cott, Arizona, is at the Russ.
William McGuire, a wealthy mining
man of Dutch Flat, is at the Grand.
Charles Hegard, a well-known mer
chant of Fresno, is among the guests at
the Grand.
Henry Atwood, a mining man of Mokel
umnA Hill, was among yesterday's ar
rivals at the Grand.
Captain McMillan of the quartermas
ter's department of the army arrived on
Monday from Washington and is at the
Palace.
Colonel C Gonzalea y Espora, a mili
tary officer and diplomat of Mexico, ar
rived yesterday and has taken up his
ahode at the Occidental.
M. Greenblatt, editor of the Caifornia
Demokrat. who six weeks ago was at
tacked by a rather serious stroke of
paralysis, is now almost completely re
stored to his health.
J. J. Brady of Dutch Flat Is at the i
Russ. Mr. Brady is in this city for the j
purpose of buying machinery for tho fur
ther development of one of the numerous
promising mines he has recently opened
up.
Congressman and Mrs. T. W. Mondell
of Newcastle, Wyoming, returned to the
Palace. yesterday after a two weeks 1 trip t
through the southern part of the State. ,
They will leave in a day or so for the
East.
Homer S. Buckman, one of Sacra
mento's most popular and influential citi
zens, will leave on the Australia to-day
for a three weeks' trip through the Ha- j
wallan Islands. He is accompanied by
Mrs. Buckman, and they will make their
headquarters while in the islands at Hon
olulu.
Brigadier General Marcus P. Mil- |
ler and wife left last night for the !
East. The. general goes first to Wash
ington, where he will visit relatives, and i
from that city he will go to his home in !
Massachusetts. General Miller called
at department headquarters yesterday
morning for the purpose of saying good
by to General Shatter and the many offi- '
cers of the department, who served under
him here during the recent war. He and |
General Shatter chatted together for a i
long time, and the latter extended him ;
his best wishes upon his departure. Gen
eral Miller was deeply affected by the
many kind expressions that were extend
ed him. _
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, May 30.— Andrew Carrigan
of San Francisco is at the Holland. Wil
liam A. Doyle of San Francisco is at the
Hoffman. James Jerome of San Fran
cisco is at the Imperial. D. A. Hulz of
San Francisco is at the Normandie. Wil
liam H. McDonald of San Francisco is at
the Vendome. V. G. Hush of San Fran
cisco is at the Empire.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, May 30.— Thomas A.
Cox and wife of San Francisco are at the
Wellington. Captain F. F. Eastman,
Fourteenth Infantry, recently from Ma
nila, is in Washington.
■ ♦ »
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GOLDEN GATE PARK-J. S.. City.
The acreage of Golden Gate Park is 10^5.
THE 'LARGEST HOTEL— H. M., City.
It is claimed the. Waldorf-Astor in New
York City is at this time the largest ho
tel in the world.
RELEASE FROM THE ARMY— A Pa
rent, City. To secure the release of a
son from the United States army an ap
plication must be made either in person
or by letter to the office of the Secretary
of War, stating reasons for wishing the
release.
CUSTOM-HOUSE SALARIES -A. S.,
Pinole, Cal. The salary .jtaid in the cus
toms service is: For Inspectors, $4 per
diem: clerks, $ISOO, $1400 and $1200 a year;
sampler. $1200 a year. This department
cannot answer as to "deputy officer," as
there is no such office in the service.
AN INVENTION— J. M., City. If you
have an invention and wish to protect It
during the pendency of Issuing of a pat
ent, apply for a caveat, which is quickly
obtained, and it affords immediate pro
tection against the issue of a patent with
out the knowledge of the caveator to any
other person for the same invention.
A GOLD PIECE-W. G. L.. Grass Val-
Js>y, Cal. A two and one-half dollar gold
piece of 1843 is not a premium coin. A
Continental hill of 1773 is worth whatever
any curiosity hunter would be willing to
give for it.
DEWEY'S VICTORY— G. H. H., City.
On the Ist of May, IS9S, there was a re
port in New York City and in San Fran
cisco the same day that Dewey had sunk
all the Spanish vessels at Manila. The
same day in Lmiclnn. England, there wat V
the positive announcement of the fact f
and that information was received in San
Francisco May 2.
A NEW PROCESS— B. M. TV.. Fort
Jones, Cal. Copper and base metal are
separated from gold by the nitric acid
j bath and by cupellation. If you have
; discovered an entirely new process you
| could no doubt protect that by patent
! under the provision which declares that
j a patent is issued "to any person who
i has discovered any new and useful art."
CUSTOM-HOUSE EXAMINATIONS—
W. J., Oakland, Cal. Persons desiring to
apply for positions in any classified cus
tom-house should write for an application
blank and for Information to the secre
tary of the local board of examiners at
! the custom-house in which they desire
; employment and not to the commission at
.Washington.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
• business houses and public men by tha
i Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
■ gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Important— 73 Fourth street, next stove
store, best eye glasses, specs, 10c to 40c*
Remember this: In pictures and
frames we offer the greatest variety, the
newest styles, the prettiest designs and
the lowest prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co..
741 Market street. •
■ ♦ ■
A Market-Street Blaze.
The alarm from station as at 2:.V> p. m.
yesterday was for a "slight blaze in tho
rear of the two-story building at 510 Mar
ket street, occupied by the Russell Bhoe
Company, the vlpalia Saddle Stock Com
pany and a trunk salesroom. The lire
was confined to a desk and papers in the
shoe store and did but little damage.
A Work of Art.
The new book, "Wonderland," just Issued by
the Northern Pacific Railway Company, Is tha
prettiest publication Issued by any railway
company this year. It is full of beautiful half
tone Illustrations, and contains besides a well
written description of a trip taken over this
finely equipped line. Including a tour through
the wonderful Yellowstone Park. Send 6c in
stamps and it will be mailed to you. T. K.
Stateler, Gen. Agt.. 638 Market st., San Fran
cisco.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for any yean by millions ot
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
tho gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy tot
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. -For sale by Druggists in everj
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Pynip, 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Tako advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $2 50 per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Nfil/FCT your hair and you lose it. Parkkb's
Hair Balsam renews the growth and color.
Hindkbcor-ns. the best cure for corns, la ccs.
■ ♦ .
A Club Entertainment.
A musical entertainment to be follnwf-^j
by a dance, will he held under the aus
pices of the Young Women's Educational
Club at Union-square Hall, 421 Post
street. The young women and their
friends have prepared an excellent pro
gramme, and Those who attend will be
assured a most enjoyable evening.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
An eminent scientist re-
cently said : " Cod-liver Oil
is truly a wonderful com-
position. It is seemingly
Nature's remedy in almost
every wasting disease."
Scott's Emulsion contains
the pure oil combined with
hypophosphites, it rebuilds
worn tissues, enriches the
blood, invigorates the nerves,
stops drains and wasting. .
Consumptives, Diabetics,
pale or thin people, or nurs-
ing mothers, should remem-j
ber this. Do not accept a
substitute.
joe and fi.oo, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, Ne'tf Voffc.IMPERIALISM
DENOUNCED BY
THE SOCIALISTS
Condemn Motive of
the Recent War.
TRIBUTE TO THE BOYS IN BLUE
BIG MASS -MEETING IN METRO
POLITAN TEMPLE.
Many Eloquent Speakers Talk of In
discriminate Shedding: of Inno
cent Blood in the Name
of Liberty.
Metropolitan Temple was crowded to the
doors last night by an intelligent audi
ence who had gathered to hear speakers
of the "Socialist Labor party voice their
sentiments against the Imperialistic pol
icy of this Government. Many were the
telling points made against the motives
which animated some citizens who were
patriotic from mercenary or commercial
motives only. While due credit was given
to the brave boys in blue who went forth
in the defense of their country, the con
tinuation of the war itself was denounced
as barbarous and not animated by hu
manitarian ideas.
The meeting was called to order by
Thomas Bashford, who introduced G. IS.
lien ham as the Qrst speaker of the even
ing
"We are here to-night," .said Mr. Ben
ham, "tv protest emphatically against the
late war which was carried on In the
name of despotism and followed in . its
wake by death ... . destruction. We have
Been Cuban patriots refuse to take the
gold lor which was sold their honor.
•While this nation was commended in the
beginning for its disinterested assistance
to a down-trodden people, events have oc
curred which have changed the aspect of
the case, and now there are none so poor
in spirit or in judgment to do her rever
ence or honor.
"This country's Hag waves over a scene
of despotism in the Philippine Islands.
When the doctrine was promulgated that
the people of Cuba are ot right and should
be iree, «i might} thrill of approbation
swept over this land. Bui when our mili
tary supremacy was edtaolished the cu
bans found tliemseivt* in tne exact posi
tion in tile exercise ■•! their sovereignty
as they had been under Spanish rule.
Twenty uiuusunu Filipinos surrendered
their lives rather than gi\e up their llu
erty."
E. J. Kingsley in the course of his
speech saio: "Armed murderers have
marched beneath the glorious American
Hag to deprive people uf their liberty.
The Hag has been sold and resold for
profit until the very clothes on Uncle
bain's back smack ot the bargain count
er. Few wars have been toujftit with a
worthy purpose, and tne war against
Spain is a capitalistic war which has be
smirched the tair name of tne United
btates. The soldiers came mainly from
the working classes, and they received
death in return for the self-sacrifice,
while the officers got a Jittle cheap glory.
"Every citizen should protest witn his.
last breath against the brutality of the
war and endeavor to overcome the dan
ger which lurks behind the scheme,
namely, military despotism. If It be
treason to protest against ruthless mur
der, rapine, invasion ot the rigrhts of peo
ple, against the military drilling of our
children in our public schools and the
'other evils that beset our land, then we
plead guilty and, in the language of Pat
rick lieiirv, "make the most of it.' "
A. It. Andre next referred to the incon
sistency, of the peace conference now In
session at The Hague behind closed
doors, while the very powers interested in
it are busy making implements of war
and building battleships.
"If the Socialists ..•••• been in power."
he said, "this terrible disgrace would
never have been visited upon us in this
war. The American nation will get no
benefit from it. The private ownership
of the means of production and distrlbu- j
tlon; which was the incentive of the war,
should be abolished. All wars should bo !
discountenanced, and the remedy for cap- j
itallsm is socialism."
M. W. Wilkins was the last speaker,
and he deplored the fact that huraanitar- !
ianlsm was not the inspiring motive of !
the war. "The war had but one pur- |
pose." he said, "to open up new fields j
of exploitation for the capitalists and
make them the masters therein. I very
much doubt the consistency of a govern
ment which goes to the rescue of an op
pressed foreign people and is so callous i
to the w^liare of her own suffering peo- i
pie on hor own 8011. Four or five million
people right here within our own confines !
are denied the chance of earning an hon- '
est living. I must inveigh against th.->
terrible tn-atmont of our bray.> ildiera
whereby ten have died in the camp or In I
the hospital for every one that died on I
the battlefield. I protest against such a I
terrible condition of things in the name *
of the soldier who has gone to his last i
sleep and In the name of the griff-strick
en orphan, the widow, the mother and the '
sweetheart.
"War will disappear only when the :
blood-red banner of international frat»r
nalism shall wave its sacred folds over i
the. Federation of the World."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PIMPLES
CURED BY
Ysoan
The moo. effective skin purifying and
beautifying soap in the world, as well as
purest and sweetest for toilet, bath, and
nursery. It is tho only preventive of pim-
ples, blackheads, red, rough, and oily skin,
red, rough hands with shapeless nails, dry,
thin, and falling hair, and simple baby
blemishes. It is so because it strikes at
the cause of most complex disfigura-
tions, viz., tub Clogged, Irritated,
Inflamed, Overworked, or Sluggish
Porb. __
My face was covered with a pimply, rup-
tured, and itching skin. After using CrTi-
cdka Soap for six weeks my skin made a
remarkable change, all the pimples went
away, my skin getting an soft as velvet.
*H. CROME, :s.', Mcl roue St., Chicago, 111.
I was troubled with pimples, especially on
the chin and forehead. I tried several home
remedies, but as they proved to be of no value,
I decided to use Citticdra Soap, and in six
weeks I was entirely rid of them.
HENRY P. DAHLKE,
6111 So. Paulina St., Chicago, 111.
Mr face was covered with pimples and
blackheads. Some would be all red, and others
would be full of white matter. The black-
heads would be all over my lace. I spent
about ten dollars for soaps, medicines, etc.,
but they never did me any good. I tried Curt
c; ra Soap, and it only took three caked to
cure my face. JOSEPH B. (LAMER,
327 Court St., Elizabeth, N. J.
Bold throughout the world. Potter Dura /jtd Csik.
Co*»\. Bole Prop*., Bo«ton. -How to Cure Pimplu," free.
D IDV UfiynDO FreTmtcd and Cured by
BABY JiUmUJiO Cim-fSA bOAt.
HEW SYSTEM
OF PLUNDERING
THE PUBLIC
Market-Street Com-
pany's Device.
BASEBALL PATRONS FLEECED
I TWO TABES COLLECTED FOR A
RIDE TO THE GROUNDS.
Contemptible Scheme for Evading
the Issuing of Transfers to the
Eighth-Street Electric
Line.
The conductors on the four lima "f
1 ruble cars running on Market street are
compelled to become participants in* about
the meanest form of petty lan. i.y . y.t
• ontrivcd by H. K. Huntingdon and Henry
H. Lynch on behalf of the Market-street
Railway Company. It la a scheme utterly
devoid of right or excuse and lacks even
the merit of ingenuity; it is simply a
barefaced plan to fleece the patrons of
the ball games out of an extra nickel.
On the 2nd of -May the new electric
j line on Eighth street wan opened for
; traffic and announcement was made that
a system of transfers with the cars run
. ning on Market street had been adopted.
Previous to that time the company had
. run a horse-car from Eighth and Market
to Recreation Park, at the corner of
Eighth and Harrison streets, under an
agreement with the baseball managi re,
for the convenience of patrons on days
that games were played. The Market
street company is now exacting toll from
the public for that doubtful convenience.
At the rear end of the Market-street
tn type so small that it would re
quire exceptionally good eyes to read it
half the length of the ear, is a notice in
forming passengers from downtown wish
. ing- to transfer to the Eighth-street line,
: that they must ask the conductor for a
transfer at the time of paying their fare.
Nol even this much notification is given
passengers on the dummy and not one
passenger in one hundred riding inside
; the car would ever see it.
The conductors carefully refrain from
asking passengers when collecting fare
if they want to transfer a t that point.
and as the rule does not prevail at any
other transfer point on Market street pas
rs never once think of asking for a
. at the tiinr of paying their fare ■
that is. not until they have been victim
ized once at least. But few people from
downtown ever transfer to Eighth street
except patrons of the ball games. A Large
. of the latter, however, take that
. and it is to trap those pleasure-
Beekers that the scheme is enforced. One
can come down on any of the lines and
never have to think of his transfer; the
conductors on the Valencia, Castro,
Haight and Hayes-street lines ,uo through
the ears making the usual announce]
Just before Eighth Btreet la reached on
the down trip and transfers are Issued
then, i'.ut few if anj of the baseball en
thusiasts come from those directions.
They are mostly downtown business men
and clerks who have to travel '>ut to -
Eighth street.
Many and vigorous have been th>- com- ■
plaints made at this Innovation >--\ the
"pan*! game," and yesterdaj afternoon a
fall reporter Investigated it. Boarding
car 184 of the Haight-street line, at Mar
ket and Kearny streets, he Beated himself
on the dummy. The conductor collected
his fare after passing Grant avenue, at
the same time announcing transfers to
Ellis-street line. A block further up
town the conductor again came out on the
dummy and announced transfers for
Powell, Eddy and Fifth Btreeta Even at
Btreet he called out transfers to the
jerky little bobtails creeping down that
thoroughfare, bui when the car neared
Rii:iith there was no movement on his
part t i Issui transfers. Nor had he made
any mention <.f it when he collected fare.
The reporter beckoned to him and de
manded a transfer to Eighth street, but
was refuse.), the conductor stating that
In- was merely obeying orders, and that
notice was posted In tne rear of the car
to the effect that passengers must ask
f'>r transfers at the time of paying fare.
Th'- reporter saw the notice, but it would
been Impossible to read It with opera
ea from where he was Beated. H.
called attention to the fad that I
was no notice posted for the in petit of
passengers on tne dummy, but the con
ductor said It was not his fault: he was
merely obeying orders, and if the passen
ared to lie could make his protest
to the superintendent. He looked as
though he heartily wish, d somebody
would protest to the superintendent vig
ly enough to cause the abolishment
of the rule, tor 11 was palpable that he 1
little liking for the part in the plun- ;
der of the public he had to play.
The reporter wenl back downtown and'
boarded another car, this time one of
the Castro-street line, the number of
which Is withheld as a measure of pro
n of the conductor. The same
method of iesulng transfers at all the
points further down was adopted, every
passenger on the car and dummy being
ugnly Informed that transfer.- could
be obtained. But at Kfghth street the
same silnece prevailed. Again the oon
■ was summoned and again a trans
i fer was demanded. This time there were
several hall cranks on the dummy, and
too. demanded checks. The con
i expostulated and called attention
• notice in the back end of the car,
but after considerable discussion he re
luctantly gave the desired transfers,
though all the time protesting that he '
waa not obliged to issue them. He, too,
fully refrained from asking the pas
sengers when ho collected their fare, or
my other time, if they wanted to:
transfer to Eierhth street.
From a Hayes-street conductor It was:
learned thai the ostensible reason for,
i this petty larceny was to prevent passen- i
from making a continuous trip i
j around the city on one fare, as though
; anybody had the time or inclination to i
] get ahead .if the company In that way.
He said he believed there was a system
I of transfers by which a passenger trans
ferring at some point downtown to a
Mark, t-street car and again to Eighth
I street could again transfer and return
to the point of starting :i t a cosl of a'
nickel. The plan was adopted of making
passengers to Eighth street ask f..r trans
fers when thej paid their fare, bo that
conductors W..11M know whether the\- ,
■ash or a transfer; if the latter, then
be would refuse to Issue another The in
formant winked as he rattled this off. and
it was evident he had not figured out how
this wonderful endless journej could be
made.
Mexican carved bather goods, view
I hooks, souvenirs of California and pri
vate mailing cards at £ & Vail' a
741 Market street. • '
For St. Alban's Mission.
An entertainment and dance will be
given by St. Alban's Mission at Golden
Gate Hall, 625 Slitter street, next Friday
evening. June 2, at 8 o'clock. The follow
ing will contribute to the entertainment'
The Misses Hue and Lillian Friedberc'
Mies Juliet Gre.ninger, Miss Florie Rose'
Miss Alice Shanabrook, Miss Irene Gold
stein. Mrs. G. G. Noble, Maurice Blum i
and William J. Citron. The comic farce
"My Neighbor's Wife, or What Hap
pened to Smith and Brown," will be pre- i
sented by Miss Rose. D. Jewette. Miss
Ethel A. Homer, Miss Minnie K. Butler
Jack Hammond, Robert Roy and W. C,
Hanke.
_■ ♦ ■
The bookbinder and every trade
Whose goods of leather arc made.
Wo kindly Invite you all to come.
See "Pegamoid," Chronlelo building, No. 61.
■ » ■ .
The eyeball is white because the
blood vessels that feed Its substance
are so small that they do not' admit the
red corpuscles. ;■* . : '.;:
■■ ♦ ■
Trunks moved. 25c; freight transferred. Sig
nal Transfer Co., 610 Jones; tel. Suiter 411.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, 31 AY 31. 1899.
A LITTLE CHILD
WRAPPED IN A
DRESS OF EIRE
Lottie Denahy Burned
to Death.
PLAYED WITH COMBUSTIBLES
ALL EFFORTS TO SAVE HER
WERE UNAVAILING;
Seared and Scorched in a Most Horri
ble Manner Before Assistance
Could Be Given
Her.
Lottie Denahy; the 12-year-old daughter
of Michael Denahy, suffered frightful
*
Ihe Message Consigned to the Ocean in a Bottle, and
Which Went Ashore in Portage Bay. Alaska.
burns yesterday afternoon at the home |
of h.r aunt, Mrs. Charles S. Nathan. 242' i
Buena VIStS avenue, Alameda, which
later t. nnlnated fatally.
In some way unknown the child, with j
her little cousins, Florence and Mamie
Tblmon, aged 4 and ft years respectively,
( btained coal oil and matches, which the
■ three children carried to a summer house
in the rear of the Nathan home. Here
the oil was Ignited by the Denahy child. ''
. and the explosion which followed set fire j
t'i her clothes and she was immediately ,
enveloped in flames. The two younger
children were unable to render any .-is
sistance to their burning playmate, and, j
screaming with agony. Lottie ran through j
the yard and into one of the basement j
rooms of the Nathan residence occupied
by Mrs. M. 1- itzfcerald. The latter on
seeing the child's fearful plight, was at
first badly frightened, but picked up a
large floor mat and wrapping it around
thi screaming and roasting little one
rolled her on the floor in a vain attempt
t. smother the flames.
As the flames continued to flare out
from the folds of the mat. Mrs. Fitz
gerald rushed outdoors with her burning !
: man burden and rolled the screaming
( hild in the soft sand of the back yard.
Bhe spread sand on the burning remnants
Of the child's clothing which still clung
to the little sufferer's helpless form, and
In this way the fire was completely
smothered.
J>rs. Pond and Bull were summoned,!
and on examination found that the child's
body was burned in a horrible manner.
I arge pieces of cuticle peeled off at the
touch of the physicians' hands and it was
found necessary to put the child under
the Influence of opines while her little]
body was being swathed in oil and Cotton.
Last evening the sufferer was conveyed ;
to the Oakland Receiving Hospital.
Dr. Ptratton and the other physicians
and surgeons at the Receiving Hospital
expressed \( rv meager hopes of saving
the child's life, owing to the extensive j
■ skin area affected. They worked over ;
the little body faithfully until late to- i
night, but wltli no avail, for shortly after \
II o'clock death ended the ch'lld's suffer- j
firs M. Fitzgerald, who was the only
one In the Nathan house when the ai ci
dent occurred, gives her verstnTi of the
affair as follows: "I was sitting in one.
Ol the basement rooms when I heard ter- j
rible screaming coming from some one of j
th. children in the back yard. As I |
arose to Bee what the matter was Lottie
ai pea red in the doorway, and was a mass ,
of tlames from head to foot. She rushed j
at in- and I picked up a mat lying on
the Moor and wrapping it about the I
reaming child I endeavored to smother j
the flames. As the flames kept burning |
; mv arms and wrists 1 ran with the child
ir.to the yard and rolled her in the sand.
•Hid In that way I succeeded In putting
out the fire in what remained of the.
child's clothes. 1 do not know how the
children got the oil. but one of the little
' ones says Lottie put matches In her
pecket fast night and to-day got the oil
I from a can in the cellar."
The burned child's mother is dead. The
child went to Alameda last Sunday on a
visit to her cousins, tne children of Mrs.
Charles S. Nathan.
Collection of Election Data.
E. Ij. Fitzgerald has compiled the vote
In this city cast at the municipal and
State election of November, 1898. His
compilation Ifl so arranged that all In
formation pertinent to the election may
be gained at a glance. It also shows the
1 exact vote cast for any candidate on the
municipal ticket or for Gage and Mn-
L'uire Kahn or Bftrry, or any other name
on the State ticket. At the present it is
In manuscript form, hut if printed in
pamphlets H would make a valua
ble Statistical work for pocket reference.
Alaska Commercial Company.
FOR ST. MICHAEL,
Connecting there with our own vessels for
CAPE 11, COLOVIN BAY, DAWSON,
And all Doints on the Yukon River. The new, magnificently fitted, FIRST-
CLASS STEAMSHIP
" BERTHA,"
Now lying at Fo-lsom-street Wharf No. 2, will sail
ABOUT JUNE 5tH, 1899
(for exact date see later announcement), to be followed at intervals of about
two weeks by Steamers "ST. PAUL" and "PORTLAND."
For particulars as to freight and passage apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
810 SAN SOME STREET, San Francisco, Cal.
MYSTERIOUS
LOSS OF THE
PELICAN SOLVED
Foundered in a Gale
Off Alaska.
THE TRANSPORT GRANT SAILS
SOLDIERS GIVEN TWO MONTHS'
PAY BEFORE LEAVING.
Captain Frank Tuttle of the Bear Has
Taken Command of the Golden
Gate— Notes From th©
Front.
The first authentic news bearing upon
the loss of the British steamer Pelican
was receiver] from Kodiak, Alaska, yes
terday by the Merchants' (Exchange, It
was a memorandum from the chief officer,
stating that the vessel was sinking and
the crew was taking to the boats. The
memorandum was put In a bottle some
time in October, 1897, and was picked up
on the 15th lnst. on the beach at Portage
Ray. Alaska, by the master of the sealing
schooner Herman and sent to San Fran- !
cisco.
The memorandum was written on the j
form used by Dodwell, Carill & Co. (now j
Dodwell & Co., Ltd.) of Hongkong, agents
for the Northern Pacific Steamship Com
pany, and was as follows:
P. S. Pelican.
Latitude BO north, longitude 175 west.
The ship is sinking. We are leaving her In
frail boats, Please report us.
M. T. PATTERSON. Chief Officer.
Port Townpend. Wash., U. S. A.
The letter accompanying the above was
as follows:
KODIAK. Alaska, May 18, ISM
To Merchants' Exchange, San Francisco:
Inclosed please find a letter extracted from a
bottle and picked up on the l.'.tli of May on the '■
beach In Portage Hay, on the peninsula of
Alaska. Latitude 57 degrees 34 minutes north,
longitude 156 decree? 3:. minutes west. It will
probably throw some light on the mystery of
a mißslng vessel, probably the Pelican.
F. tiunki.u
Master American Schooner Herman.
The Pelican was an English tramp
steamer owned by E. S. Whealler of
Hongkong and under charter to the
Northern Pacific Steamship Company.
She took a cargo of general merchandise
from Hongkong to Puget Bound and then
loaded railroad ties at Port Gamble for
I Taku. China. She sailed from Gamble
on October 3, 1897, and was never seen i
again. On February 9, i v . |S . Bhe was given
up as lost and Lloyds posted her as "miss
ing."
After leaving the Sound, the captain
must have taken the "great circle" route
to China. The bottle that was thrown
overboard took a northwest course and
after covering 420 miles of latitude and
1235 miles of longitude landed on the
beach in Portage Hay.
About the time the Pelican went down
the Japanese steamer Kagoshuma Maru,
the barkentlne Skagit and schooner Ma
weema were out in a fearful storm off
the Aleutian Islands. The steamer had
her cargo shifted and nearly went down,
the barkentine was badly battered and
the Maweema had to send several of her
crew to the hospital when she reached
Tacoma, they having been injured during
the gale. On March 23, IS9S, the British
ship Falkirk reached Taooma from Shang- j
hai and Captain Helmes reported passing
a waterlogged lifeboat off the Aleutian Isl
! ands. It was a ■ lnp-streaked boat' and
was generally supposed to have belonged
to the Pelican, but later the Northern
Pacific people after looking Into the mat
ter paid it was not one of the Pelican's
boats. The steamer carried a crew of
forty all told and Captain Gove was In
command.
The Pelican was built in ISB2 by Bar
clay, Curie & Co. of Glasgow for Seater,
White & Co. of Leith. She ran for a
number of years on- the Atlantic and
then was sold, her new owners changing
her name to Anvers. She was again sola
to E. S. Whealler of Hongkong, who re- i
named her the Pelican and placed her in '
1 the China trade. She was 2338 tons gross !
; and 10&9 tons net burden, 327 feet 6 Inches
long, 3G feet 9 inches beam and 27 feet !
deep.
As a verification of the foregoing, a
dispatch . was received late last night
from Tacoma saying: "M. T. Patterson
was chief officer of the missing steamer
Pelican. His family resides at Port
Townsend."
The United States transport Grant <
tailed for Manila yesterday with the of- ;
ficers and men of the Sixteenth Infantry.
The vessel was ready to sail last Monday
night, but as the men had not received
any money for two months, the Govern
merit decided to pay them before sending
them away to Manila. After getting their
money the soldiers resorted to all kinds
o£ expedients to get off the wharf and
spend some of it. A. few of them suc
ceeded, but the majority wore caught be
fore they got ashore. Three of the mem
bers of 'Company H jumped overboard in
order to gain their end. Two of them
made their escape, but the third was cap
tured. Two men got through the barbed
wire on the top of the fence and got their ,
hands and wrists lacerated, but they |
reached the saloon across the road and |
were correspondingly happy. Some of the |
crew of the vessel made their escape
down the mooring cables and othe rs
slipped down under the wharf and swam
ashore. Tub was kept on every man as
he returned to the ship and every on< 0]
them will have to do penam- I bread
and water fur the a rink he secured by
bit aking bounds.
<^uite a number of the volunteer en
gineers who were stationed at Honolulu
have secured position-; In Hawaii ami are
going back there to live, in considera
tion of their past services Uncle Sam is
giving them transportation to Honolulu.
Fifteen of them went away on the Grant
and thirty-live more are going on the
Sheridan. They are all California boys
and the following seven are from Com
pany L: M. Hall. George Brown, Harry
Wolf, Frank Raven, D. Hartman, D.
Dunlop and Pat Sealander. All of these
have been engaged to help in the survey
ing of the Oahu plantation, while the
ethers are going .v- engineers, black
smiths, carpenters and masons. In Hawaii
carpenters are getting $4, blacksmiths $5
and masons $6 a day. At least, that is
what the boya who are going down on the
transports are to get.
As the Grant steamed down the bay
aimost every vessel In port bade her good
by. As she passed the British ship Bal
clutha the latter'.s flag was dipped and
the crew gave three cheers for the soldier
boys. Not to be outdone the salute was
answered from the Giant, while the regi
mental band played "God Save the
Queen."
Some of the officers of the Naval Rat
talion paid a visit to the Japanese train
ing ship Hiyel yesterday In the Bdarion's
launch. They were First Assistant Ad
jutant General Baugham, Paymaster
Douglas White, Lieutenant Commander
Nearney, Captain Lindsey and Ensigns
Armstrong. .Morrison and Peterson. They
were royally entertained by the officers
of the warship and spent nearly all the
afternoon aboard.
Max Kalish, the popular agent of tho
steamer Humboldt. paid a Hying visit to
the city yesterday. The Humboldt ia
now plying between -Seattle ami Skaguay
and is getting more than her share of the
passenger trade. Mr. Kalish came down
from Seattle with Captain Frank Tuttle
of the revenue cutter Bear. They were
on the train that was in collision with
some freight cars near Oregon City, but
did not know there had been an accident
until the trainmen told them. Mr. Kalish
returned to Seattle last night, but Cap
tain Tuttle will remain in San Francisco.
At the last moment he was given leave
of absence on account of the serious ill
ness of his wife. The Bear is now on her
way to Bering Sea. Captain Tuttle has
been placed in command of the revenue
cutler Golden Gate.
Tho British ship Glpnard arrived from
Newcastle, England, yesterday after a
long cruise of 168 days. She sailed from
South Shields on December 23, and a
week lat'-r went ashore at Dungeness In !
a thick fog. The next day she was tow. 'I
i iff and anchored in the Downs. It took!
three weeks to survey and find out that j
she was not damaged, and on January 21
she madf another start for Ran Fran
cisco. The passage thereafter was un
eventful.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A New York Physician Advises
His Patient to Take Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
[LETTER TO MRS. PIKXHAM NO. 73,936]
" Dear Mrs. Pinkitam — I have three
children and suffered with falling of
the womb and flooding. My physician
I scraped the womb, still the flooding
continued and I was no better. At
last he advised me to use Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. Then
I thought I would write to Mrs. Pink-
ham for she could advise me better
than any one if I was to take her reme-
, dies. I received her reply and followed
I all her directions and I am very glad
; to send you this testimonial, for Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is
just what it is recommended to be. I
; advise all women who suffer from
; these complaints to try it." — Marie
i Lemp, 108 2i> Avk., New York City.
"A year ago I was a great sufferer
from painful menstruation. I could
not lie down or sit down for the dread-
ful pain each month. I wrote to you
and took twelve bottles of Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and
it has helped me so I cannot find
i words to express my gratitude toward
Mrs. Pinkhara. I am to-day well and
hearty." — Miss Joie Saul, Dover,
Clare Co., Mich.
. More than a million women have
been helped by Mrs. Pinkham's advice
and medicine. ; . . '
PURE, HEALTHY, /**&
FRAGRANT. .RM
The unnatural odor from per- TGBL> fir
eplratlon and all other impurities \mt^^
are speedily and completely removed and the
entire body given a pure, healthy, fragrant
tone by the dally use, In toilet and bath, of
WOOPBURY'S Facial Soap and WOOD-
BURY* S Facial Cream.
A POPULAR MAN
With the ladles is he whose linen is al-
ways irreproachable in its neatness and
exquisite laundering. Your Madras and
: percale shirts, no matter how delicate
; the colors are, will be done up with
| care and skill, and their colors will look
i as fresh and dainty as when they were
: first purchased. Our laundry work is
i unapproachable for beauty of color and
I finish.
No saw-edges.
The United States Laundry, Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
T)Ognulty.
rpniS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i Specialist rinfn Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o. Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. HoursO
to 8 dally: 8.30 to 8:W ev'fjs. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call,oraddres»
P. ROBCOE JIoXUI/TY. 11. •»
264 Rcarny St., San Francisro. CM.
STRONG RCO.^??^
VjS^35D MARKET ST. S.F.'^SSSr
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USH DAMI AN A BITTERS, THK
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
1 •trength to sexual organs. Depot, 823 Market.
BALANCE
- — OF
BEAMISH'S
BANKRUPT STOCK
...REMOVED T0...
THE RED FRONT
857-859 Market St.
Immense Reductions in
All Departments.
Sale Begins To-Day
THE RED FRONT
857-859 Market St.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR 5™
A BRILLIANT SUCCESS!
EVERY NIGHT AT 8.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
Engagement of the Celebrated Actor,
7V\R. LEWIS MORRISON,
Supported by the Talented Actress,
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Magnificent Production of
HAMLET.
NEXT WEEK.
"THE MASTER OF CEREMONIES."
.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WED.), May U.
Parquet, any seat, Re; Balcony, lOu; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
CLIFFORD and HUTH,
Stars of "A High Born Lady."
HENRI FRENCH,
The New Sensation, Juggler and Bicyclist.
MOUNG TOON and MOUNG CHET
The Burmese Wonders.
BILLY VAN, MONTGOMERY AND STONE
AND TEN BIG VAUDEVILLE STARS.
Reserved seats Be, balcony 10c. Opera
chairs and box seats Me.
Regular Matinees Wed., Sat. and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Telephone Green 861.
EVERY EVENING
THE
PRINCESS NICOTINE!
— by THE
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
Indorsed Last Night by the Enthusiasm of
an Immense Audience as a Genuine Triumph.
Reserved Seats, 25 and 50 cents; Gallery, 15
cents.
Branch Box Office Just Inside Main En-
trance Emporium.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE. !
"Delighted the Patrons of the Tlvoll."— j
Edmond Audran's Greatest Comic Opera,
THE
MASCOT.
Great Cast. Correct Costumes! Appropriate I
Accessories! .
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
SPECIAL— MONDAY EVENING, June 5.
Reappearance of the San Francisco Favorite,
GRACIE PLAISTED,
In Strauss' Masterpiece,
••THE MERRY W/flß"|
PRICES — 25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9.
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St.. Cor. Ma«^.
America's Most Beautiful Music - Hall.
The only free theater on the coast playing
only EASTERN VAUDEVILLE STARS.
ANOTHER BILL OF NOVELTIES. "
THE 4 SALVINIS,
Premiere Acrobats.
THE HARTWELL SISTERS
Acrobatic Dancers.
DORA MERVIN,
Descriptive Singer.
WAY and MAITLAND
IN New Coon Song Hits.
AGNES CASTRO. CHARLTON AND ROYCE '
AND OTHERS.
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
000000000000000000
g™« PALACE '■"■>•%
IGRAND" OTEI S °
o SAN PHANCI3CO. q
Connected by a covered passageway. "
** 1400 Rooms— 9oo wi h Bath Attached. ©
0 All Under One Management. Q
0 NOTE TES PRICES: 0 ,
0 European Plan. 81.00 per day and upward O
- American Plan.s3.OO par day *nd upward A
w Correspondence Solicited. V
.0 JOHN 0. KIBIPATRICK. Xanagtr. O >
QlO OO QOQQQOQ Q O 0.0 O
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA i&
HERBERT EFFIE
KELCEY — SHANNON
LAST FOUR NIGHTS— MAT. SATURDAT.
The Great American Play,
"N€HI^FIANE
NEXT MONDAY.
FIRST TIME UPON ANY STAGE,
A INEYA/ PLAY,
Title to be suggested by publio for
Prize of $100.
Story of Play Can Be Secured at Box Office.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
(Tour Under the Direction of C. M. WOOD and
H. C. WYATT.)
BEGINNING MONDAY EVENING, JUNE 5.
LAMBARDI GRAND
ITALIAN OPERA COMPANY
FROM MILAN.
REPERTOIRE FOR THE FIRST WEEK:
Monday "CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA"
And 'TPAGLIACCI 1 '
Tuesday ' 'FAUST'
Wednesday "LUCIA"
Thursday : V. "NORM A"
Friday "CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA"
..." And 'TPAGLIACCI"
Saturday Matinee ;
.• "LUCIA DI LAMMERMOOR"
Saturday "RIOOLETTO"
Popular Prices! All Seats Reserved! Entire
Ground Floor, $1 60 and $1; Balcony, 50c. 75c
and $1; Gallery, 25c: Box and Log? Seats, %1 50.
The Sale of Seats Will Begin THURSDAY
MORNING. .Tune 1. at 9 o'clock.
CONCERTS AND KESORTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
TO-MORROW (THURSDAY) NIGHT.
AMATEUR MINSTRELSI
WITH LADY PARTICIPANTS.
Reserve Seats by Phone, Steiner IS3I.
Visit LUNETTE and the LONDON MAZE.
R«ttle GREAT REALISTIC
UUttlV GREAT REALISTIC
_ WAR PANORAMA!
f)T Prof. W. G. ROLLINS.
the eminent orator,
■mm • « lectures half hourly.
/Yl 3 Fill Si Market et.. nr. Eighth.
Admission 500.
Bay! Chtldren **•
ft/
State ol Maine Association
PICNIC.
SHELL MOUND PARK-
SATURDAY, JUNE 3d.
ITtlilCCinV- Adults 50 cents
AL>lfll3olVn- Children unQcr 15 Free
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. to 10:30 P. M.
ADMI.-XION. 10c. CHILDREN. sc.
Bathing, including admission, 25c; children, 20c.
PCliteJie»Ur> Eacllih Diamond Brand. -
ENNYROYAL PiLLS
-<ET~v Original and Only Senoin*. Jk
s»rt, t!t»»r» reliable. u»oiifc ask
& {(U^i I>ru*gi»t for CSicheittr • Enghih D.ajGfiJ,
BtUdGß&mur>lßr-.',d In lied toil Cold met»lUc\\jV
*W — O£,jMhixe«. si-i'od with hluo ribbon. Take \St
7*l WhS BO other. Krf-nedangtT3t.!svbe'Mtf V
I'/ ~ «■ " sn * and imitation*. A! Draggisti, or tent 4a>
I I^. 2M In ituipi for partlenlsri. tntimonlals iij
IC* D " Kcllef for Ladle*," in laur, bj rtturm
m X~ IF Mall. 10,000 T»-timotH»'.s. Kma* Paper.
x ■■■^r^Chl>hc*t«rCac^ealOo.,Ma4l»<w Bq»»ra.
•rid all Local OmEEiits. PHIL A. DA., iMr
tUJ^^kfirlll *"' ** iB a non-pojeonoH*
*<ZdKB3P'^^ "MtUlßi r-ini'ly for Gonorrhoea,
CDKEt»A^| Gleet, Spermatorrhcea,
jgjßFla 1 to!. d»r».^ Whites, unnatural .11*.
J/nH Oowbiiikil V charges, or any inflnmma->
ffatj not to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera*
PrtTtau contagion. tion of mucous mem-
jfT*f THEEVANS ChemioiCo. Iranos. Non-wtrineeut.
cincinnati.o ■B *° by Drn Br«f i »»*'
\«^k r; 1 a inn or Bent in P l& in wrapper,
j*BX&*^"" _^^B*m l»y express, prepaid, its*
'£B^^^^^P&m I 1 or 3 bottle*, 82.75.
■ Cixcwar Mat oa nitusfa
VA/. X. HESS.
ITOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNET-AT law,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Clau» Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California st.,. below Powell.
Ban Francisco.
Airr nnilll Corner Fourth and
PII ll U 111/ A I Market. 8. F. Try
111 r m 1 1 1 U I our s P eclal Brew
I .14 I I 111 IHI Steam and Lager.
Unl L llUiriLsc. Overcoau
Valises checked frea.
7no_textno_text8
SENATORS ME
DEFEATED IN
THE ELEVENTH
Locals Win an In and
Out Game.
HARD HITTING THE FEATURE
STATESMAN HARVEY'S PUZZLES
EASY TO SOLVE.
Krug Is Placed in the Outfield After
railing Down at Short and Does
Some Marvelous
ThroTHng.
Pan Francisco won an p!f>v<->n-lnnlng
pa mo of baseball fr'iin Sacramento yester
day by a Bcore of 7 to 5. The game itself
TViis thp queerest combination of hits and
errors, Btupid work and marvelous field-
Ing, and, above all, ragtime decisions by
R. Levy, umpire, that has been dished up
this Be i
Between 3000 and MOO popple submitted
to the latest mode of extortion by the
Market-street Companj and went to Rec
reation Park, and for six innings they
-hardly kept awake, although the
score was tied twice in the#early stages.
The play was slow and uninteresting to
• gree. Thru the performers
took a sudden brace rind from that time
on until Harvey*, the pitcher, gave the
game away In the eleventh, it was fast
ie most critical fanatic to
yapping.
The left-handed statesman made his ini
tial appearance in the box at the local
grounds this season and fared badly at
the hands of Uncle Hank's heavy
weights. Dr. Pyne being the star per
former with the stick. It must be said.
). wever, that Harvey suffered severely at
the hands of the umpire, but notwlth-
Ing he struck out seven men.
Iberg was touched up for thirteen hits, j
two los= than hi* adversary, but he only j
fooled two batsmen and gave the same
number of bases as Harvey.
Krug started in at short, imt after two
errors in the first Inning which cost as ;
many runs and another in the second that !
gave Sacramento another tally he was
removed to center field, and Pyne was j
brought Into short. The change was a
surprise in both ways, for the doctor put;
up a g i game in bis new position, while
Krug'a work in the outfield was of the
tional order. Twice be fielded a man
out at the plate from deep center by his
marvelous throwing. If Krug is wia
will remain in the outfield permanently,
• iral position and will earn
him an enviable reputation. Pyne, with
a little experiem I I i make equally
as n i an Infield* r.
. at third earned the fielding medal
for !!!•■ locals, some of ins assists and
;s being worthy of reproduction on
any vaudeville stage He also increased
Jrls batting average by three swats.
The Senators showed great improve- ,
: in their work, with the exception j
ise running. A gang of Chinamen
Could discount them at that. I>oyle, in!
righ' field, came in on a grounder by Sul
livan and threw the bailer out at first,
but Rube wouldn't stand for it, so it had
1.. go as a single.
Two runs fell to Sacramento in the
first inning. With one out Harvey
cracked a double. Doyle singled and went
to Becond on the throw in. which held
Harvey at third. Egan drove one to
Krug, who fumbled, allowing Harvey to <
score, After Stanley had popped up a i
fly to Riley, Iberg gave Stultz a pass,
filling the bases. Krug got in another
i when MeLaughlin drove one to
him. and Doyle scored. Shanahan's out,
Iberg to Sullivan, ended the trouble for
the time being. In the second, however, j
Murphy made the circuit on a base on i
balls. Harvey's Bingle, i berg's error and
Krug':- bad judgment.
Frisco evened matters up in the third i
by hammering in three tallies. Pyne '
opened with a single and took second on i
Harvey's wide throw to head him off. i
Krug fouled out, after which Riley
d the runner with a single. His
■hot was duplicated In turn by Sullivan. ,
Hiidebrandt and Muller, scoring two
more runs. Harvey then settled down,
and the next two batters were easy outs.
Another run was added to their string in I
the fifth, Hiidebrandt opening with a sin-]
gle. taking second on O'Neil's Infield hit. j
Stealing third and scoring on Swindells' ;
drive to Murphy, who made a vain at- :
tempt to head off the runner.
Sacramento knotted the score in the j
Sixth, Sheehan making the circuit on his i
■ and O'Neil's error.
From that time on until the eleventh
Inning not a run was made, and the gome
was as prettj an exhibition as could be
•wished for. Then came the explosion.
Harvey soaked Sullivan, the first man up,
With the ball. Hiidebrandt followed with
an easy one to Harvey, who threw into
deep center in an endeavor to pinch Sul
livan at second, and both runners com
pleted the circuit. Muller followed with
a single' and got around on errors by
Egan and Stultz. Sacramento gol one
In its half on a brace of singles and an
error, but a double play blighted all
e h. .!■■■! of any more. The score:
PAX FRANCISCO.
AH. R. I.li SB. I'D. A F
Pj ne, ct* s. «... 7 l 4 1 :i 5 2
Krui . s. s. & c. i.. 5 0 0 0 C 2 -3
Riley. 3 b 4 13 2 3 6 0
un. 1 l» '. 2 2 1 17 0 0
HllderbraJidt, r. f... ;, 2 2 1 0 0 0
Muller. If E 1 3 0 1 0 1
O'Nell, 2 b E 0 1 1 2 4 1
Swindells, c 6 0 0 15 10
Iberg, l) 5 0 0 0 2 7 1
Totals 47 7 ir, 7 S3 25 S
BACRAMENTO.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A E.
Murphy, 1 b 5 1 1 0 9 01
Harvey, p 4 1 2 0 1 2 2
Doyle, r. f 6 2 4 0 2 0 0
Bfian. s. s 6 0 2 0 4 0 1
Stanley, c 5 0 1 0 10 4 0
Stultz, 2 b 4 0 0 0 0 2 1
McLaushlln, 3 b.-... 5 0 2 0 1-2 0
Shanahan. 1. f 5 0 0 0 3 0 0
Sheehan, c. t 5 110 2 0 0
Total? 4f> 5 13 0 »S2 10 5
•''■.\v-i! out for Interfering with batted ball.
RUNS AND HITS BY DjNIXGS.
Fan Fraaeiaco n 030100000 3— 7
hits 2 0 5 12 10 111. I—ls
Sacramento 2 lOOOionooi— 5
Base hits 2 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 0 1 2—13
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Harvey 3. Three-base I
hit— Pyne. Two-base hits— Harvey, Mclaugh
lin, Sheehan. Sacrifice hits— Krug:, Stultz. !
First base on errors— San Francisco 3, Sacra- !
mento 6. First base on called, -balls— San
Francisco 5, Sacramento 5. Left on bases—
Ban Francisco 14, Sacramento 13. Struck out —
By Iberg 2. by Harvey 7. Hit by pitcher—
Sullivan. Double plays— O'Xeil to Pyne to
Ivan; Iber* to Sullivan; Riley to O'N'ell'to
- Sullivan. Passed balls— Swindells 2. Time of
game— 2:lo. Umpire— Levy. Official
gcorer, Stapleton. ■
Oakland's Thifd Defeat.
S \N" JOBB, Hay 80.— The Sun Jose club,
playing for new uniforms, which they
need badly, made monkeys of the Oak
landa to-day for the third tim*\ the score
being 4 to 2. As usual, the home team
opened with a dazzling display of fire
works, from which the visitors never re
id. The Bcore was as follows:
BAN JOSE.
AC. It. 13H. SB. PO. A. E
Mi Gucken, c. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
I.' :<k<-, R. s 4 110 2 3 0
tin, r. f 2 2 0 0 0 0 0
Anderson, 2 b 4 0 0 14 3 0
mple, 1. f 3 1 0 n i o 0
Hanlnn, 1 b 3 0 1 0 12 0 0
ii 1 '. :i. r. 1, 3 0 0 0 1 3 2
Borchera, i> 4 0 0 0 1 1 0
Kent, c 3 0 0 0 5 2 1
Totals 29 4 2 1 27 12 »
OAKLAND.
AH. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. t Z X 0 1 1 6 fi j
SPORTS OF A HOLIDAY
Schmeer, s. s 4 0 1 0 2 2 0
L.ange. 3 b 4 0 0 0 1 2 0
Hammond, c 4 0 1 0 7 0 0
Peeplep, 2 b 4 0 1 0 3 3 1
Mosklman, 1. f 4 0 0 0 3 1 0
Dunleavy, lb 3 0 0 0 7 0 1
Hardie. r. f 3 0 ft 0 3 0 0
Shea, p 3 1 2 0 0 0 0
Totala 32 2 5 1 27 S 2
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Pan Jose 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 I— *
Base hits 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—3
Oakland 1 0 10 0 0 0 0 o—2
Base hits 1 0 2 0 0 110 o—s
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Borchers, 2; Shea, 4.
Three-base hit— Hanlnn. Sacrifice hits— Ander
son. Sohmeer, Donovan. Left ..n bases—Oak
land, 6; Sun Jose. 4. Struck out— By Borchers,
5; ly Shea. 3. Base on balls— By Borchers, 1:
by Shea, 4. Hit by pitcher—Graham, 2. Wild
pitch— Borchers. Passed ball- Kent. Umpire—
I OT.innell. Scoreir -Weber and Waldorf. Time
uf same- 1:35.
Attributed to Cahill.
WATSONVILLE, May 30. — Pitted
against nine Sand Crabs and an umpire
Farmer Struve's Sugar Beets came within
one tally of winning out to-day. If Um
pire Cahill retains his official position it
Is a safe proposition to buy pools on Santa
Cruz winning the pennant. The Crabs
boast that Cahill is the greatest umpire
in baseballdom, and is always wined and
banqueted on his trips to Santa Cruz.
Up to the sixth inning to-day the score
was 2 and 2. Donlin went to feat and put
a foul over the righ field fence. Cahill
called it fair and let him take second
base. It was the rawest decision made
in a baseball game this season. In the
eighth inning, with two men out, Balsz hit
a fair ball In the right territory and Ca
hill yelled "Foul!". It was an attempt
to square his former decision when It
would do the Crabs the least harm.
In that inning a new ball was thrown
out to the umpire, given by him to Balsz.
and then the latter deliberately threw It
out into a strawberry field. It was sent
back to him again by the umpire, when
Devereauz got hold of it and threw it
further away. Courtney, who was on sec
ond, came home. Finally the new ball
was again recovered and Balsz agreed to
twirl it. In the face of all this raw work
Cahill ordered Courtney back to second.
The most remarkable play of the game
outside of Cahllls work was Donlin's
catch of a batted ball in deep center and
his return to the plate in time to put out
Courtney, who was running from second.
Score:
WATSON VI LLE.
AB. R. ]tll SB. PO. A. E.
Rrockhoff, 3 b 5 0 0 0 1 4 l
McCarthy, s. s 4 l l 0 2 0 •}
Courtney, c. f 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Belna, 1 b 2 0 0 0 12 0 1
Morrow, c 4. 0 0 0 5 2 0
I'lake. 2 b 3 0 10 15 0
Hayes, 1. f 4 1 2 v 1 0 0
Hie. r. f 1 0 0 0 2 0 0
Wheian, p 4 0 2 2 0 1 0
Totals 34 2 7 2 24 12 5
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. H. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams, 2 b 4 0 (I 0 5 7 3
Donlln, c. f 4 1 2 0 1 1 0
Devereaux, 3 b 2 0 0 0 1 0 0
Pace, c 4 0 0 0 6 10
Clark, 1 b 4 0 0 0 8 0 1
Stretb, 1. f 4 1 0 0 1 0 0
Kleibe'r, s. a 3 10 0 3 Ift
Burse, r. f 2 0 1 0 2 0 0
Balsz, p 3 0 0 0 0 1"
Totals 30 3 3 0 27 11 -1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
W&tsonvllle 0 0 0 0] I 0 0 o—2
Base hits 0 10 0 2 115 0 7
Santa Cruz 0 0 0 2 1 0 0 0 •—
Base hits 1 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 •— 3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Balsz l. Two-base hit
—Donlln. Sacrifice hit— • ■ eaux, i — on
WatEonville 2, Santa Cruz 2. Hit by
pitcher — Struck out— By Balsz 5, by
Whelan 5. Passed balls— Pace 1. Morrow 1.
Wild pitches— Whelan 1. Balsz 1. Left on
bases— Watsonville 8, Santa Cruz 6. Time of
pame — 1:30. Umpire — Cahill. Scorer — T. A.
Peck ham.
BOXERS AWAIT THE
REFEREE'S SIGNAL
George Green and Al Neill will meet to
night in Woodward's Pavilion for a
twenty-round bout, under th- auspices of
the Western Boxing Club. The match has
excited unusual attention, as both nun
are young Callfornians. Green has won
fame, as an athlete outside the borders of
this State, while his opponent is nearing
the top of the championship ladder with
giant strides
Although but a novice in the ring Neill
has, by his recent showing with Tom
Traeey, a veteran at the game, gained
the confidence of many sporting men.
This Is shown by the betting. It was ex
pected Green would open a 10 to 7 or s
favorite, but Instead of that the first odds
chalked up were 10 to 9. This will prob
ably be the ruling price when the men
enter the ring, although the pressure of
Xeill money may make, it an even-money
chance.
Neill did his training at Blankin's Six
mile House and is pronounced lit to right
for his life. He has not required much
conditioning, as he hardly went out of
training since he made his professional
debut with Frank McConnell some months
since. Green has been in almost the
same condition. He prepared carefully
for a meeting with •'Mysterious Billy"
Smith, which did not take place owing "to
the latter's withdrawal. He has not over
trained recently, but took only enough
exercise to keep on edge. Neither man
has experienced any difficulty in making
the weight stipulated, 154 pounds, so they
will have no excuses to offer on that
score.
Notwithstanding the confidence of
Neill's friends the wise division looks to
Green to lower his colors. The latter Is
pronounced a clever ring general and
knows all the tricks of the boxer's art.
He Is considered just the man to stop th"
gallop of even so promising a boxer as
Xeill. This speculation on the outcome
of the bout has not had a depressing
effect on either Xeill or his friends, toe
latter believing he is Improving as a
boxer every day.
The preliminary between Jimmy Law
lor and Billy Otts is a promising one.
Both r. re willing boxers and are capable
of good work with the gloves.
Walter Watson will referee the main
event, while Joe Acton will pass upon
the preliminaries, if they go the limit of
ten rounds each.
Trunks, valises, traveling rolls, belts,
Eurses. Best goods, best values, at San
orn & V ail's, 741 Market street. •
Residents of the City Spend the Day in Full Enjoyment of Their Favorite Pastimes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAT 31, 1899.
Harpoon Leading the Great Fleet of Racing Yachts.
GATHERING OF
THE LADS IN
TARTAN PLAIDS
Caledonian Club's An-
nual Outing.
The "skirl o' the pipes' "and the "hoot
! mons" heard at Shell Mound Park yes
terday gave evidence of the fact that the
is had gathered once again, and it
was acknowledged to be one of the most
! successful events in the history of the
(lonian Club during its. thirty-three
years of < xistence.
There were more people assembled on the
grounds than for many years back, and
th' Ir expectations that the games com
mittee would provide an attractive pro
gramme of events were more than fully
realized.. The chief, Angus McLeod, and
the other members of the committee were
1 here, there and everywhere yesterday,
from 10 o'clock in the morning, when the
; game- commenced, till 6 o'clock in the
•.veiling, when the last event on the pro
gramme was concluded. The chief was
ably assisted by William Mitchell, Daniel
A. McDonald, George McDonald, An
drew McNair, .1. li. Duncan and J. J.
Cameron. All the ex-chiefs were present
and helped materially in making the
quests of the club feel at home, in' which
, they were helped considerably by William
I I rquhart, the ex-first chieftain.
Among the guests of the club were: Col
onel Thomas McGrergor of the- Ninth
Cavalry, with headquarters at Fort
Grant. Ariz., who has made it a pleasure
and duty to be present at th- annual
gathering of the clans for the past twelve
years, unless something unforeseen hap
pened t < j prevent him; Supervisor Deasy,
: ex-Supervisor Morton, Sergeant Bethel,
IJeutenant Xash. Billy Jordan. Colonel
Eddy, president of the Phoenix Republi
can flub; James MeXab. Hugh Fraser,
• 'hief li. K. McLellan of the Caledonian
Club, Sacramento; ex-<'hiefs John Mor
rison and David Reid, and others.
The events on the programme were well
contested and called forth the applause
■ of the thousands of people who witnessed
! them. Among the competitors were some
from the Kast and from the Pacific Coast.
An innovation was the linemen's pole-
I climbing contest, which afforded a great
deal of amusement to the spectators. An
exhibition of the sailors' hornipe, given
by Miss Rosie Forbes of Portland, Or.,
and Miss Maggie Bassett of Oakland, was
one erf the most enjoyable features of
the dancing. Miss Bassett took all the
firs/ prizes for dancing, and she showed
■ that she Is one of the most graceful
! dancers that has ever appeared oh the
platform in the park. Neil Lindsay, the
> club piper, won the first prize for the
best dressed man In full Highland cos
| tume, which he has done for the past
; four years.
Great interest was manifested in the
I tug of war between the married and
: single men. and after a stiff and long
: pull the single men were, as usual, de
• feated. The married men who pulled
were; John Cameron, J. J. .Cameron, D.
IR. Campbell. Thomas Carroll, W. R.
i Bentley. James Gladstone. J. McFarlane
i and R. McDonald; captain, C. A. McPhee.
Dancing was kept up all day in the
' two pavilions and the guests of the club
I were looked after by the reception cora-
I mittee in good old hospitable style.
Following were the results of the dif
: ferent events:
' Quoits— First, Alexander Sharp; second, R.
Jardine; third, John Swan.
Bacc for sons of members and Scottish so
cieties-First, James Heck; second, J. McDon
ald; third, George Elder, Alexander McNlcoll.
Handicap raco for sons of members and Scot
tish soeK-ties— First. Robert Ross; second, Elder
V.vt.ster; third, R. Duncan.
Handicap rare for daughters of members and
Scottish societies— First. Grace Paul; second,
Eva McFarlane; third. Haze! Allen.
Vaulting with pole for sons of members and
Scottish societies— First, A. Ross; second,
Thmoas Scott and W. Reid, tie.
Throwing heavy hammer for members and of
sister societies whose record Is not over 76 feet —
First, J. A. Cameron, SI feet 4 Inches; second,
R. S. Duncan, 79 feet 6',-i inches; third, D. Reid,
69 feet 9 Inches.
Throwing light hammer for members and of
sister societies whose record is not over So feet —
First. J. A. Cameron, 102 feet 10 inches; second,
D. Reid, 101 feet 6 inches; third, R. fc>. Duncan,
100 feet 3 inches.
Putting heavy stone- lor members and of sister
societies whose record is not over 26 feet— First,
J. A. Cameron, 27 feet 4 inches; second. It. S.
Duncan, 27 feet I* inches; third, D. Reid, 24
feet 7 inches.
Putting light stone for members and of sister
societies whose record is not over 34 feet -First,
J. A. Cameron, 35 feet 1 inch; second, it S.
Duncan, 33 feet 5 Inches; third, D. Reid, 32 feet
7 inches.
Best dressed men (in plain Highland costume)
— First, John Morrison; second, D. Reid; thlni,
P. D. Finlay.
Best dressed men (In full Highland costume)
—First, Neil Lindsay; second, Hugh Frazer;
third. J. S. Mclntosh.
Best dressed boys (in full Highland costume)
—First, D. Smith; second, J. McCaw; third, W.
Reid.
Boys' handicap race (under 15 years)- First,
E, Webster; second, \v. Coburn; third, H. Mo-
Govern.
• ir.-md Highland reel (m?n In Highland cos
tume)— First, J. S. Mclntosh; second, A. Ik-
Caw; third. I". I>. Finlay.
Hare for men — First, M. W. Beck; second, F.
Wilson; third. Artie Jelynsky.
Throwing heavy hammer- First, D. R. Camp
bell, US feet 1% inches; second. Thomas Car
roll, 107 feet '.' Inches; third, J. J. Cameron, l') 4
feet 1 in'-h.
Throwing light hammer First, Thomas Car
roll, 136 feel 8 Inches; second, D. K. Campbell,
185 fpot 7 inches; third, J. J. Cameron, lfci
f'f t v Inches.
Running hop, Btep and Jump-First, C C.
Ream, "'.' feet 3 Inches; second, W. Minnehan.
36 feel 8 Inches; third, J. J. Cameron, 36 feet
7 mc! ■ B
-I'utting heavy stone— First, Thomas Carroll,
• - l" tnchea; second, I>. R. Campbell, 35
feet 8 Inches; third, .1. J. Cameron, :S2 feet 6
Ini hes.
Putting light stone— First, l>. R. Campbell;
second, Thomas Carroll; third, J. J. Cameron.
Hurdle me. -First, M. w. Beck; Becond, F.
Wilson; third. L. Hughes.
Highland fling (lads and lassies in costume,
12 years nnd over)— First, Maggie Bassett; sec
ond, Itaniel Smith; third, Bessie Allan.
Swi rd d;>n--.- (men in costume)— First, A. M< -
I'aw: second. J. S. Mclntosh; third, P. 0.
Flnlay.
Running Jump— First, M. W. Heck. 19 feet;
id, C. i . Ream, 17 feet 10 inches; third,
\v. Minnehan, i« feet 7 inches.
Reel o' Tullock (men in costume)— First, P.
D. Flnlay; second, J. S. Mclntosh; third, James
Baxter.
Linemen's pnle-ellmWnK contest— First, J. J.
Cameron; second, Ellison; third, Verdi n.
Running high leap— First. M. \Y H.-ck; sec
ond, Thomas Carroll; third, C. C. Ream.
Highland fling (children 12 years and under),
prize t.i each- Twenty competitors.
Standing high leap -First, T. Carroll; second,
J Sexsmlth; third. C. C. Ream.
Reel o' Tullofk (lads and lassies in costume),
prize to each Twenty-two competitors.
Throwing 66-pound weight— First, T. Carroll,
?(j feet 7 inches; second, R. R. Campbell, 2>3
feet; third. J. J. Cameron. 2." feet 2 Inches,
Sword dance dads and lassies In costume)—
First, Maggie Bassett; second, Bessie Allan;
third, Robert Ross.
Iyons race fur men— First, F. Wilson; second,
M. W. Beck; third. A. .Telynsky.
Tossing tliH caber— First, T. Carroll, 37 feet:
second. I). R, Campbell, 3fi feet S inches: third.
J. J Cameron, 35 feet 2 Inches.
Tup of war Oi£ht men on a side), married
and single men— Married men won.
Highland fling (men In Highland costume)—
First, J. S Mclntosh; second, P. D. Flnlay:
third, James Baxter.
Sack race— First. L. Hazelbecken; second,
Adam Mcßride; third, W. Gllbes.
PIGEONS COVER A
MEASURED COURSE
John Filmer's Bird Wins Open
ing Race From Santa Rosa.
The first young bird race of the north
ern series, arranged by the California Pig
eon and Homig Society, was flown yes
terday from Santa Rosa. The birds, fifty
six in number, were liberated at 10:30, the
weather conditions being reported as fair,
with a westerly wind blowing.
The race was won by John Filmer's
bird. A 575. which arrived at its owner's
loft at 12:07. The distance covered was
fifty miles S.sfl yards, an average speed of
913 15-100 yards per minute.
H. C. Wbod'a bird, A 31. arrived at 12:05,
covering forty-eight" miles 867 yards at an
average speed of 896 81-100 yards per min
ute.
H. Van Cortehook'B bird. A 1177. was
third, reaching Its loft at 12:06%. It cov
«■;■. <l a distance of forty-nine miles and
41" yards at an average speed of 896 69-100
yards per minute.
A Benjamin's bird. A 169, arrived home
at 12:0s 1 *;, covering a distance of forty
seven miles 1f,60 yards at an average speed
of 855 63-100 yards per minute.
G. Neiburger"s bird. A 117, arrived at
12:12%. covering forty-eight miles 1600
yards at an average speed of 838 44-100
yards per minute. •
YACHTS SPREAD
CANVAS TO A
BRISK BREEZE
Two Regattas Sailed
Yesterday.
The yachtsmen enjoyed a gala rlay on
the bay yesterday. The Corinthians held
their annual club regatta over the usual
channel course; the Californias sailed
their class-flag repatta, and the canoe
ists on Oakland Creek had a sloop race,
a canoe race for the holiday cup. swim
ming races and a general jollification. In
Importance and general interest the Cor
inthian regatta stands first, and though
a somewhat small number of yachts
sailed the course, the race proved both
picturesque and exciting.
The most notable event of the day w;is
the defeat of '■x-Cdmmudore J. W. Pew's
famous sloop Truant by Commodore Carl
Westerfeld and R. H. Morrow's sloop
Aeolus. The victory of the Corinthian
commodore was exceedingly popular, the
more so as he sailed his own boat and
displayed excellent seamanship through
out the race.
A few seconds after the three whistles
which were the starting signal for the
30-footers the sloop Aeolus crossed the
line, and, standing well in shore, made
for the lirst mark, the Presidio shoal
buoy. This she rounded handily, more
than four minutes ahead of the Truant,
which was set back too far by the tide
and had to make a second attempt. The
advantage thus gained was never lost,
and the flagship crossed the finishing line
4 minutes and S seconds ahead of her ri
val, or taking into account her time al
. lowance of 1 minute and 12 seconds, 5 min
utes and 20 seconds to the good. The fast
est actual time over the course was made
by Vice Commodore W. H. Toepke's
I sloop Harpoon, which covered the thir
! teen nautical miles in 2 hours 55 minutes
i 55 seconds actual time. The only starter
iin class 1 was the sloop Speedwell. In
the 36-foot class the sloop Harpoon won,
with Edna second; the sloop Freda did
not finish, and the sloop Emma was dis
qualified for touching the Presidio shoal
i buoy. After the race a protest was lodged
by E. P. Sagar of the Edna against the
Harpoon for fouling the buoy in round-
I ing it. The weather was not heavy
I enough to suit Frank Bartletfs Queen.
i In the 25-foot class the speedy slope Me
rope proved winner, ana in the 20-loot
I class the Witch was the only starter. A3
the tide was flowing- strongly all the at -
I ternoon there was very little sea. The
1 breeze was at first moderate, but fresn-
I ened considerably during the afternoon.
I No mishaps of any kind occurred, and the
I regatta passed off very suecessrully.
! The committee in charge of the regatta
was made up of T. J. Kavanagh. Dougla-s
Erskine and P. J. Martenstein. The sloop
i Arcturus was used as stakeboat, and,
i with all her signal flags flying, presented
I a pretty sight. After all the yachts had
I crossed the starting line the judge s tug,
with a large party of yachtsmen and la-
I dies on board, steamed out toward the
Presidio shoal buoy, from which, how
ever, she kept a respectful distance so as
to avoid all risk of interfering with the
yachts. Commodore E. A. Wlltsee cruised
i around in the schooner Aggie, while Com
modore T. L. Hill had a large party on
board the San Francisco flagship Cyg
nus.
The California Yacht Club held its an
i nual class flag regatta over the usual
: course yesterday. Starting one and a half
j hours later than the Corinthians, they had
a fine sailing breeze, which freshened to
a strong wind. In class 1 there were two
starters— the sloops Regina and Vega.
The latter carried away her topmast off
Goat Island on the beat out, but was
pluckily sailed round the course, though
she had no chance of finishing first. In
class 2 there were also two starters — the
sloops Royal and Secret. Both crossed
the line almost together and soon after
the signal. The Secret made twenty sec
onds better time over the course, but the
Royal having an allowance of 1 minute 22
seconds won on corrected time by 1 min
ute 2 seconds. In class 3 there were four
starters— the sloops Pactolus, Embla and
Occident and the yawl Idler. The Pac
tolus, Embla and Idler crossed the line
almost at the same time and within ten
seconds of their class signal. The Occi
dent lost about three minutes in crossing
I the starting- line and later on lost three or
four minutes more by yielding the right of
way, according to the sailing order of the
day, to a Corinthian boat at Blossom
Rock buoy, which was one of the marks
in both regattas. The loss of time, how
ever, made no difference In the result, as
her corrected time was 22 minutes 25 sec
onds slower than that of Commodore Al
len M. Clay's Pactolus, which beat the
Embla, her nearest rival, by 2 minutes 17
seconds. The course was estimated at
ten nautical miles. The regatta commit
tee consisted of B. W. Robson, J. W.
Homer and H. W. Seebach.
On Sessions basin. East Oakland, the
Canoe Club kept open house all day. The
swimming race, 220 yards, was won by C.
L. Taylor Jr.. and the tub race by G. G.
Williamson. The sloop race was won by
Charles Stewart's Beatrice and the Holi
day cup by C. S. Myrick in the canoe
Pirate, C. L. Taylor Jr. being second in
the canoe Nereid and R. B. Bain Jr. third
in the canoe Vitesse. The sloop Beatrice
took out two or three parties for a cruise
on the creek and Commodore Philip
Caduc entertained visitors on his sloop
Annie, the flagship of the club. After
dinner the boathouse was illuminated and
a dance was enjoyed. Among the mem
bers and visitors present were the fol
lowing:
Commodore Philio Caduc, Mrs. anil Miss
Marchebout, Miss Kate and Miss Nellie Calnes,
Miss Grace Larzelerc, ex-Commodore and Mrs.
T S. Rnweiis, Miss Bowens, W. D. English,
Miss Knelish, Mrs. Bray, Mrs. Cook. N.
T. Whiting, Charles Stewart. Guy Bayley, R.
J. Chapman, E. Curtis, furtls Wright, Thomas
Cuphinp, the Misses Lazarus, Miss Maizie Otey,
Miss Helen Gompertz, Miss F>.'rr»r, Miss Lucy
Cushing, Miss Klise CuphlnK. Mixs Agnes Cush
int. Miss Warfield, Miss Anita Gomi'ertz, Miss
C. Barto, the Misses Lazarus. I»uis de F. Bart
leU and Miss Grace Larzelere.
GOLF-PLAYERS ON
OAKLAND LINKS
George Greenwood and H. H. Smith
Win the Memorial Day
Cup.
OAKLAND, May 30.— George Gfeenwood
and H. 11. Smith won the Decoration day
cup in the foursome match for gentlemen,
played on the Oakland Golf Club links
to-day. The first set was between Green
wood and Smith against 1,. McNear and
T. H. Remilard, the former winning. The
second set was between W. P. Johnson
and J. H. Ames against R. M. Fitzgerald
and C. O. G. Miller, the latter winning.
The winning sets then played, Greenwofcd
and Smith being victorious.
E. R. Folger and H. M. A. Miller next
played Harry J. -Knowles and George S.
Wheaton, the former winning. They in
turn met the victors of the day, Green
wood and Smith.
The finals for the captain's cup were
also played to-day, between C. P. Heb
bard and J. A. Folger, the former win
ning. The Tibbitts cup was won by
Rlchard Cook, defeating J. A. Folger.
AWKWARD SQUAD
OF THE GUNMEN
AT THE TRAPS
Feature of the Day at
Antioch.
GOLCHER WINS A TROPHY
BEST MARKSMAN OF THE AMA
TEUR BRIGADE.
For the Third Successive Time Nau
man Captures the Association's
Individual Champion
ship Medal.
AXTIOCH. May 30.— This was a remark
ably fine day for bluerock shooting—
scarcely any wind and the weather balmy.
The whole town turned out to witness the
events of the closing day of the seventh
tournament of the California Inanimate
Target Association. Several crack shots
who failed to get here for the first day 'a
shooting arrived and participated in to
day's events.
The feature to-day was the shooting of
what was termed the awkward squad.
This was composed of men who had never
before shot at sailing clay saucers. As
semblyman Bel.shaw received the trophy
in this event, but it is said that Phil
Bekeart's green jacket, which was
loaned to Belshaw for the occasion, wa.s
the mascot that enabled him to win. The
shooting of the awkward squad was to
the tournament what the clown is to a
circus, and it created a great deal of fun.
The target smashers are more than,
pleased with their treatment at the hands
of the local clubs and the people of An
tioch. Last night they were amused at
a show by Zamloch. the conjuror, and
to-night they were forgetting loved ones
at home while basking in the smiles of
Antioch's fairest at a dance given in their
honor in the pavilion by the Antioch Gun
Club. Many of the marksmen left for
home on the Stockton steamer to-night
after the dance.
For the San Francisco Gun Club trophy,
twenty singles, Dr. Hyde, Mr. Ricklefsen
and O". Feudner each took 20 straight. In
the shoot-off Feudner and Hyde smashed
15 each and Ricklefsen brought down 14.
In the shoot-off between Hyde and Feud
ner Hyde scored 20 straight and Feudner
15. Thus Hyde became the winner of the
second trophy also. The Fresno man did
remarkably well in carrying off the two
trophies against such a strong field.
The third event was the Golcher Indi
vidual trophy, twenty singles. Joe Ross.
Nauman and Schultz tied with clean
scores of 20 straight. In the shoot-off
Ross broke IS. Nauman 18 and Schultz 15,
and in the shoot-off between Ross and
Nauman, Nauman beat Ross. Nauman
afterward acknowledged that in the sec
ond contest he was credited with one
saucer that he never touched, so the
trophy was awarded to Ross of Antioch.
For "the California Inanimate Target As
sociation individual championship medal,
at twenty singles. Hyde smashed 19, Nau
man 19, Hobson 19 and Olsen 19. In the
shoot-off Hyde and Nauman knocked
down 16 each, the others 12 each, and in
the contest between Nauman and Dr.
Hyde the former won by a score of 15 to
14 They had been at a great nervous
strain, and that accounts for the low
«core- besides, just as they shot the wind
blew harder than at any other time to
day This is the third time Nauman has
won the medal, and it is now his perma
nently. In each of the last three tourna
ments he has battled for it manfully, and
his opponent in to-day's contest. Dr
Hyde, was the first to grasp his hand and
offer 'congratulations.
The scores for the Antioch Gun Club
trophy, six men team shoot, follow:
JLntiOCh Gun Club-Joe Ross 19; L. Durham,
16 R E Lemoln. 14; A. G. Fliekenger, lb; J.
P Tavlor IS; A. C. Hartley. 13. Total, 98.
Lincoln Gun Club-"G. Bear," 15; D. Daniels.
17 ■ J Hruns 13; Eugene Fonster, 17; J. Karney,
is' y McCrae, 20. Total, 102.
Union Gun Club— W. L. Robertson, IS; J.
Beckerstaff, 19; M. McDonnell, 15; E. Olsen, 11;
£ Hauxhurst, 16; E. S. Mlchelsen. 11.
Fresno* Gun Club— "Fox," 18; D. Dismuket,
19- S C. St. John, 1">: L. Ingalsbie, 17; A. T.
Hyde 17- Sam Thompson. 17. Total, 103.
Empire Gun Club— J. H. Durst, 17; W. F.
Andrews, 18; C. T. Mitchell, 17; C. Debenham,
IS- J B. Haver, 12; Fred Feudner, 16. Total, 98.
Garden City Gun Club— "Heidelberg," 19;
George H. Anderson, 19; R. Coykendall, 18; W.
B Hobson. 17; \V. H. Varien, 14; Frank Mer
rill. 17. Total. 104
San Francisco Gun Clvb — \V. Sears, IS; E.
Schultz, IS; E. Klevesahl. 14; H. Ricklefsen, 15;
C. H. Shaw, 15; W. E. Murdock, 17. Total, 98.
The Garden City Gun Club was de
clared winner of the trophy.
The several trophies were distributed to
the winners this evening. Following is
the complete score of the day's shooting:
20 Birds .
J H. Hatcher 16 18 15 18 IS
J \V Moonaw 16 13 12 13 15
F W. Velie 12 13 16 15 14
H. H. White 11 17 14 16 18
M. Allen 10 1« 14 14 14
L Ingalsbie 17 11 16 18 17
J H Durst 19 16 16 18 18
W F. Andrus 7 12 13 14 16
D.R.Halle 14 13 13 8 13
C W. Debpnham 14 19 18 14 18
j' B Haver 11 16 15 10 12
F Feudner 14 17 1* 18 15
J B McCutchen 14 17 13 12 11
M McDonnell 13 15 16 14 17
L Hauxhurst 16 15 12 14 13
j' Blckerstaff 14 In 16 16 18
E S Mlchelsen 12 15 11 11 15
J. McDonnell 0 11 S 8 ..
H. Justins a 16 14 10 10
"Trombone" 16 16 14 16 17
Charles Carr 13 19 16 13 •16
L. D. Owens 19 17 13 14 17
W. U Orear 15 M 15 13 11
C. F. Grant U V 12 15 13
W Sears 13 IS* 15 15 IS
E Schultz 18 18 20 17 10
E' Klevesahl 15 IS 14 16 17
H Rlcklefsen 17 20 IS 15 17
C. Shaw 11 16 17 16 14
N Neustadter 16 12 16 11 34
"G Bear" ....16 14 16 11 13
Eug Forster 17 14 15 13 H
E Kerrison 17 18 13 14 15
J Bruns 17 16 10 16 15
J. Karney 14 18" 14 16 IS
P. Bekeart 18 18 13 17 18
-Fox" 18 19 19 IS 1$
Sam Thompson 14 18 18 14 16
S C. St. John 17 14 13 17 15
A. T. Hyde 20 20 15 19 l«
"Slim" 13 12 14 11 15
"Glazier" 14 14 15 17 19
Joseph Ross 19 19 20 16 18
L. Durham 14 19 15 13 12
A. E. L#moln 19 16 14 13 18
J. P. Taylor 16 16 17 17 17
A. C. Hartley 13 14 16 13 16
A. G Flickenger 16 16 17 16 18
0 Feudner 17 20 18 16 17
C. Nauman 19 19 20 19 17
A. J. Webb 17 19 16 15 17
d A. Haight 18 18 16 17 17
\V J Golcher 15 16 15 14 19
Edgar Fors^r 16 16 18 14 * 16
"Heidelberg 19 18 15 14 18
S. H. Anderson 16 IS IS 17 19
H. Coykendall 14 17 19 17 15
W. B. Hobson 16 16 17 19 IS
W. H. Varien 14 17 13 15 15
F. Merrill 18 19 IS 14 IS
£ Merrill 14 16 16 11 13
F. W. King .....17 12 18 16 15
1. R. D. Grubb 14 14 9 13 14
IV. L. Robertson 15 19 18 15 18
C Rosenberg 12 13 11 9 10
K. D. Lockwood 11 15 13 g 13
H. A. Hoyt 13 14 13 9 14
D. Dlsmukes 16 17 16 16 19
3. Lammers S 12 11 10 8
B. T. Harrison 9 14
W. D. McArthur 13 15 13 11 18
rom Colt 4 116 3
V. Lamotte 17 18 14 8 16
R. B. Hayden n
C. F. Mitchell 11 16 12 17 17
P. H. Holmes 12 IS 15 12 14
Clem Argues 11 15 10 10 16
SV. E. Murdock 15 16
W. S. George 10 16 17 8 12
"Outcault" 14 13 10 11 13
Q. Myrick 12 5 8 11 U
George Seeds 9 13 13 n 9
1;. \V. Baker 12 17 15 15 14
Joe Taylor 10 12 13 6 15
D. Daniels 16 17 16 IS 14
P. McCrae 18 15 19 18 IK
E. Olsen .: 15 17 17 19 II
R. Liddle 14 14 12
J. J. Anderson H ..
Stanley Fish v „
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mls»ion. BaW
water direct from ocean.READY TO BEGIN
LIFE'S STRUGGLE
Commencement at San
ta Clara College.
DEGREES FOR GRADUATES
NUMEROUS AWARDS MADE TO
THE DESERVING.
♦
Eloquent Address delivered by Arch
bishop Riordan to the Class
Whose Student Work
Is Ended.
• Sped*] Dispal i. . , .... Call.
Santa CLARA, May 30.— forty
eighth annual commencement exercises
of Santa Clara College began last even
ing and -were concluded to-night. Tha
programme last evening consisted of lit
erary exercises and the distribution of
pnzc-s. An excellent musical programme
was rendered by the Santa Clara College
Orchestra, A large number of medals
and premiums were awarded to students
who by diligence, industry and applica
tion distinguished themselves during the
term. That these rewards were distrib
uted with discriminating judgment was
evident from the genera! applause with
which the Btudenjs greeted those who
■were successful.
-William Tell." James Sheridan
Knowles' greatest play, was produced in
an admirable manner by a east made up
from the students of the college. An au
dit-nee that taxed the College Theater to
its utmost capacity witnessed the per
formance.
This evening the scientific entertain
ment was given and the diplomas were
awarded. The degree of A. B. was con
ferred upon Thomas Nihill, John Welsh,
Arthur Prill, Aloysius Welsh and Prank
Gaffey. The graduates in the commer
cial courses were George Abell and James
Flynn.
The entertainment was of an instruc
tive character. Three of the graduates
discussed the tertiary age of the earth,
their remarks being illustrated by the
triuniai electric lantern, recently in
vented by Father Brunengo, of Santa
Clara College, and experimented with for
the first time this evening. It was pro
nounced a decided success.
Thomas Xihill discussed the "Develop
ment of the Earth." John Welsh chose
for Is theme "Orogenl< or Mountain-
Making Movements of the ("rust." Ar
thur I'rill discoursed on "Igneous Activ
ity -of the Age." Robert P. Keating, an
undergraduate, lectured on "Xummilitic
Formation; Diatomaceous Sediment
Radlolarian Ooze."
The music was furnished by the Santa
Clara College brass band and was ex
cellent.
bishop Riordan conferred the de
grees and presented the diplomas. He
delivered one of the most forcible and elo
quent addresses ever heard in the col
lege.
The annual prize of $60, founded in ISTfi
By Joseph A. Donohoe of San Francisco in
honor of the first president of Santa Clara
College. Rev. Father John Xobile. S. J.. to
be given to . the student who shall be
deemed first in morals, obedience and
general application to study, was awarded
this year to William Johnson. Next in '
niorit was VaJente "ilii pini. Those dis- i
ÜBgUished wore: John Li. Welsh. Thomas ■
Casey, \ViHiain..Ki<?f<?r<]nrf, William Scifl- j
ly. -Edward Leonard. John Clark and Ed I
I. Lcake.: {
The junior NobilJ medal, established in
WM by Michael H. Kelly, was awarded I
this year to Robert Keefe. Francis Wat- i
kins was next in merit and those dis- !
tinguished were John Regan, John Casey, '
Walter Fleming, Guy Mclnnis and AI- |
bert Orive.
The Archbishop's medal, for the best ]
paper on the subject, "Catholic Devo- |
tions." was awarded to Arthur Prill;
next in merit, William Gaffey; distin
guished, Edward McFadden.
The Donahue medal, an annual prize of
$50, founded in 18S3 by P. J. Donahue of j
San Francisco, to be given to the student!
who has made the _■■ •■•• progress in j
the Latin and Greek languages luring
the session, was awarded to Edward Cos
griff; next in merit, Francis Farry. to
whom a special premium Is awarded by '
the faculty; distinguished, Robert Keefe. j
The Ryl-and prize of $45. founded in 1897 '
by Hon. C. T. Ryland, to be given to the !
student who may be deemed by the col- >
lege to be the most worthy of the prize, I
has by the faculty been set apart for the
student making most -:•-.- in the sci- |
entific class. The prize was this year j
awarded to William Kleferdorf. ;
The Owl medal for the best paper on
"Expansion" was awarded to Andrew '
O'Conor; next in merit, B. Dob)
The McCann medal, an annual prize of I
$25. founded in 1894 in memory of Daniel
J. McCann, S. 8.. '84. The medal this year I
for the best paper on the subject, "Our !
War With Spain," was awarded to Stuart j
Duncan; next in merit, Charles Fox; dis- j
tinguished, Francis Watkins.
The Kennedy medal, a prize of $30. pre- |
Rented by John A. Kennedy of San Fran- j
cisco to the rhetoric class, was for the j
best oration on the subject of "Heroism" i
awarded to Carl Fitzgerald; next in merit, !
Francis Farry: distinguished, James Ryan !
and Herman Hoffman.
The senior medal for elocution, a prize '
of $30, presented by "a Friend," was j
awarded for. the best specimen of elocu- i
tion in the senior elocutionary contest to i
John Clark; next in merit, Riley King; j
distinguished, Piero Gelcich and Leo Ellis, i
The junior medal for elocution, a prize
of $25 presented by David Henderson of
Santa Clara, was awarded for the best j
specimen of elocution in the junior elo- j
cutionary contest to Justin Wilcox; next
In merit Harry McDonald; distinguished, ;
POSTUM CEREAL.
KING COFFEE
Caused Weak Heartand Other
Trouble.
( >i;r family is a large one and we have
all been greatly helped and benefited
by the dismissal of cc-ff.ee and the daily
.:; Food Coffee. I formerly)
■ very weak heart that troubled
ne greatly, and the trouble was gradu-
ally getting worse while I was using j
I also bad frequent headaches and :
sleepless nights. These have all gone
since the drug (and one may well call
a drug) has been dismissed. A j
neighbor, Mr. A. Woodruff, was a con- 1
I dyspeptic for years until he quit j
SOffee and began to us<> Postum. Now
lie is entirely cured and thanks Postum !
for it. Mrs. M. Munson and Mr. D. S. j
Barclay, friends, have found great re- j
lef from leaving off coffee and using ■
Postum Food Ccrffee.
I have made many inquiries among
juite a list of persons who have been
jsing Postum, and always find good ac- j
■ounts where it has been prepared i
rly. You cannot Impress that
Krint too Strongly on the people where
race make a trial of Postum, for if I
t is not thoroughly boiled it has a flat
and that drives them away from
t, whereas if they only knew how de- !
i< lotfs It is when well made and how
heir health would be improved by its
)s< they would do almost any way to
getting good Postum. 1 can send
-nua long list of names of those who
eally know how to make Postum and
ise it every day, if you care for them.
U. :;. Woodruff, 353 Crescent Aye.,
irand Rapids, Mich.
PADEREWSKI DIDN'T
MARRY HIS SISTER
Sensational Press Led Into a
Cortical Error Concerning
the Pianist
PARIS, May HO.— The agents here of Ignace Jan Paderewski, the
Oelebrated Russian pianist, declare there is no truth in the report that
Paderew&kJ had married the former wife of Ladislas GorsffH-the violin
ist. The lady, it is added, is Paderewski's sister.
A cable dispatch from Paris was printed in the United States on Sun
day last, in which it whs stated that Paderewski was 9ecretly married
last December. Confirmation of the statement was given in the fact
that Mine. (Jorski, when In Geneva recently, registered at the Casino as
Elena Paderewski. The dispatch added that Paderewski, who has been
a widower for several years, was attracted to Mme. Gorski by reason of
her kindness toward his invalid son. The story went 'on to say that
Mme. Gorski and Paderewski were living quietly in Paris together await
ing the Pope's dispensation before having an ecclesiastical marriage. This
dispensation, however, was said to be unnecessary, as the lady's mar
riage to Gorski was Illegal, having been without the consent of
parents, as the Polish laws require.
Leo McDonald, Raymond O Brien ana
Joseph Doyle. ,
The Minims medal for elocution, a prize
of $25. presented by the faculty, was
for lie best specimen of elocution in the
Minims elocutionary contest awarded to
Leo Jones; next in merit. John Regan:
to whom a special prize is given; distin
guished—Aloysius Erwin, Francis Dunn,
Julius Nelflng and Alphonse Quevedo.
The alumni dinner was given to-day, in
addition to the faculty ami graduates the
following were among the distinguished
guests present: Archbishop Riordan,
Father Lally of Haywards Father Hud
son of Gilroy, Father McGuire of San
rose Very Rev. Dr. Frieder,. provincial
of the Order of Jesuits who recently re
turned from Europe: Father Foley of
Alameda, Father Crawler. «-Lnited
States District Attorney Foote Judge
Coffey, J. J. Barrett. Attorney OGarra,
J. M. O- Connor. Dr. McCone, John A.
Kennedy, Railroad Commissioner Lau
meister. James R. Kelly, Supervisor I*
Bvington. Joseph B. t Kennedy Attorney
Humphrey, Banker Brooke?, all of San
Francisco; Judge Lorigan. James H.
Campbell, Nick Bowden and \\ . G. Ken
nedy, all of San Jose.
NOTRE DAME GRADUATES.
Archbishop Riordan Presents Diplo
mas to Nine Young Women.
SAX JOSE, May 3\— elite of the
city crowded the college of Notre Dame
Hall this morning to listen to the forty
enghth commencement exercises of that
institution. Many of those present be
longed to the alma mater of Notre Dame,
and the cheery welcome and sisterly af
fection that pervaded the whole assem
blage made it a notable school gathering.
Flowers and greenery, mingled with the
pretty white organdies of the pupils,
blended into a pretty scene. The stage
was decroated with a profusion of white
c&lla lilies, palms and ferns, while above
were draped two large American flags. In
th. bunting were hung the pictures of
Washington and Lafayette The statue
cf the Virgin Mary .stood out in pretty re
lief in the rear of the stage.
The class motto, "Lei Peace and Truth
Bo in fur Day," of white letters twined
with smllax was across the top of the
stage. Seventy pupils of the college in
white organdies occupied seats on both
sides of the hall.
Archbishop Riordan was present and
spoke on "Christian Education." after
which he presented the diplomas. The
graduates were: Miss Estelli Kelly, Miss
Elizabeth t Bradley, Miss Alice Graves,
Miss Pauline Ivaneovich, Miss Helen
Hkelly. Miss Stella Raton, Miss Gertrude
guilty, Miss Grace Buckley and Miss May
rallagher. ...
The programme whs undoubtedly the
i Bt of Its kind ever rendered in this city.
\li the numbers were good, arid the
riginal essays of the graduates attracted
articular attention. A Te Deum com
>csed by the Sisters of Notre Dame, with
i chorus of forty voices, and an overture
>n seven pianos played by pupils were
•specially good.
The programme was as follows:
Grand march (six pianos), Misses V. /-'Aihala.
tl. Wilcox, C. Silver, M. Gonzales, F. Smith,
-:. Jones, a. O'Conor, M. Longe, V. Uakee,
. Dickson, A. Holt. (Janko keyboard.); cho
•us, vocal classes, piano accompanist. Miss Ab
Campbell; guitars, Misses H. Rowland, C.
Mlver. H. Skeliy. E. Bradley, P. Ivaneovich;
vayslde calendars, original. Miss G. Buckley;
extet (two pianos) (Mason), Misses M. Wilcox.
I. Smith, J. B. Lathrop, M. Somellera,' A. Auze
ais, B. Skelly; allegro an dandante (Jendow
ikt), arranged for first mandolins, Misses G.
guilty. L. Bradley, A. Tombs, J. S. Lathrop,
I. Silver, A. Holt; second mandolins. Misses
3. Buckley,. H. Rowland, K. Ivaneovich, G.
: heehy. A. Auzerai.s. E. Jones; third mando
ins, Misses L. Maliano, M. I><jnge, A. O'Conor,
3. Ortega, B. Skelly, M. Marizuya, A. Soto;
:ithers. Misses M. Gonzales, D. Cosca, M. San
I'lneente; harp, Miss M. Dowsett; piano,
Hisses P. Amestoy, V. Inlgoi^drienne de'La
ay ette, original, Miss H. Skelly; graduation
lonors, Hungarian fantaisie (two pianos)
Liszt), Miss H. Skelly (Jantfo keyboard), Miss
-:. Bradley; "I Also Am a Painter!" original,
Alaa G. Quilty; extra prizes. Music of Nature,
>rlglnal, Miss S. Eaton: award of medals;
Memorial day, original. Miss A. Graves; fan
aisle caprice, violin solo (Vieuxtemps), Miss
?. Eaton: accompanist. Miss H. Skelly (Janko
keyboard); Mute ' Monitors of Night, original.
Him P. Ivaneovich; Resignation (Fauconnler),
ir«t violins. Misses S. Eaton, AI Camp
•'!!. H. Wilcox. G. Dowsett; second violins.
Mi^es S. . emu, A. Holt, V. -Zfetbala; third
nolins. Misses J. S. Lathrop. M. Longe; viola,
Miss M. Dowsett; violoncello, Miss E. Rou
eau; piano. Miss 10. Bradley; Millet's "Painted
Prayer." original. Miss M. ■ Gallagher; award
Df premiums; A Hundred Years Ago. original.
Miss E. Bradley: overture (seven pianos)
(Stansy), Misses E. Bradley. P. Ivaneovich,
L Bradley, Ah. Campbell, E. Amestoy, T.
Lyons", D Cosca, D. Guerrero, I. O'Conor, R.
C.'unha. H. Skelly, A. Holt (Janko keyboard);
violins. Misses 8. Eaton, Al. Campbell, G.
Dowsett, li Wilcox, S. Kleeman, J. S. La
ihrop, V, Zabala; violoncello. Miss E. Rouleau;
Pax et Verltas, original. Miss E. 'X.Mlv: "Te
Deum," vocal classes, S. X. D.; accompanist,
Miss Ab. Campbell.
A sort of reception and farewell-taking
took place between the Sisters and the
pupils and their friands after the exer
cises. ■ '
FEAST OF THE HOLY
GHOST CELEBRATED
Portuguese of Lisbon District Crown
Miss Maria S. Caldiera
Queen.
WOODLAND, May 30.— Nearly 2'KW peo
ple gathered at the church across the
river from Freeport on Sunday to view
the weird and pleasing festival of the
Holy Ghost. This festival is Riven under
the auspices of ;t Portuguese society with
Its headquarters in Lisbon district, and is
li> i<l annually.
The festival began on Saturday evening
with fireworks and a procession, and con
tinued through'. ut Sunday and Monday,
the main feature taking place on Sunday,
when a young Portuguese maiden. Mips
Maria S. Caldiera, was crowned queen in
the church and sent forth in triumphal
march, to the blare of music and the
fluttering r.f flags. The ceremony of
crowning took plaoe in the little church
directly opposite Freeport, presided over
by Rev. Father Soaras. After the crown
ing, which was preceded by the celebra
tion of mass, the queen, accompanied i>y
her escort, proceeded up the levee for a
distance 01 B half mile, where the tables
were .spread beneath the shade of trees.
Both sides of the levee along the line of
inarch were dense with people, who stood
with uncovered heads as me procession
When the chapel, a half mile away from
the church, was reached, there was a
brief ceremony, in which the queen's
crown was delivered over to the custo
dian, and the procession dispersed. The
hour which followed was given over to
feasting.
Until well into the evening the people
of the Portuguese settlemeut and the
hundreds of visitors from the surrounding
country amused themselves with dancing
in a great hall built on tho ground, over
which the American Hag fluttered in the
south breeze^ while outside bombs boomed
and skyrockets burst in the air.
The celebration was under the auspices
of the Holy Ghost Society of Lisbon Dis
trict, of which Jose L. Manica Is presi
dent. Antone P. Valien vice president, An
tone S. Content secretary and M. L. Sauza
treasurer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 31, 1899.
CITY OF TENTS
GROWS LARGER
Adventists Gathering in
Numbers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, May 30.— The Adventists
I are arriving at their camp meeting
grounds by every kind of transporta
tion, ancient and modern. Large num
! bers have come by train, others arrived
;by boat this morning and during the
. day several of the old-fashioned prairie
schooners brought in zealous members
of the sect.
The meeting partakes of the nature
\ of the old-fashioned backwoods gather
ing and of a modern camp. The place
is complete in all of its appointments.
! The main tent is to be lighted by elec
; tricity and nearly two thousand com
fortable chairs are arranged around the
large platform to be occupied by the
• heir, the elders and the speakers. A
baggage tent has been established and
was doing a great ouslness all day.
; Hundreds of trunks and boxes, together
; with every conceivable kind of baggage,
! was delivered there by the transporta
tion co-mpany and later distributed
through the tented city.
A choir of seventy-five voices selected
from the various churches of the Cali
fornia conference is being" organized to
lead the singing. Musical instruments
are plentiful throughout the camp. The
large tents are occupied by the confer
! ence officers, the book store, the Healds
burg College delegates and the kinder
garten for the children.
One of the most noteworthy persona
at the conference is Elder J. N. Lough
borouffh, who has been identified with
j the church since 1849 and has contrib
| uted a great deal to the literature of his
! people.
The first service was held this even
ing and was in the nature "i a prayer
meeting- The 5 o'clock bell to-morrow
will really signalize the opening of the
conference.
On the morning boats large delega
tions will arrive from the bay cities,
where the Adventists have their largest
churches. The camp and the meetings
I are open to all, but the managers of the
conference insist that every one shall
respect the regulations. Peddlers or
venders of any sort are prohibited
; from entering the grounds. Tobacco,
coffee, tea or meat are not in evidence,
! and it may truthfully be said that the
inhabitants of the place do not look as
j though they had suffered physically by
j having tabooed these articles. It is the
j intention of the people to continue the
! camp meeting after the expiration of
i the ten days if there is sufficient local
I interest to justify it.
The conference assemblage will be
I distinct from the general camp meeting,
■ inasmuch as the participants will be
j limited to a certain number of dele
i gates from each church in good stand
| ing. The women are fully represented
i among the lay delegates. The camp was
a surprise in size and in appointment
! to the several thousand persons who
, visited it to-day. •
STRINGENT ORDINANCE
TO PROTECT GAME
Text of the Measure Adopted by the
Supervisors of Marin
County.
SAN RAFAEL, May 30.— The ordinance
formulated by the Marin County Game
Protective Association in order to provide
against the wholesale destruction of game
in the county was adopted by the
Supervisors after a brief address in its
favor by Attorney Thomas P. Boyd.
Its provisions would do honor to Draco
and will doubtless result in a howl of
indignation from metropolitan sportsmen. !
The close season for deer will be from !
September 15 to July 15, and for quail
from February 1 to November 1. The use
of repeating shotguns is prohibited, and
no one person may kill more than twenty
five quafl in one day.
All wild birds, excepting blue jays and
hawks, are protected continually, and
hunting is forbidden in parks mid lnclo
sures adjoining hoflses and along the
public roads. Hunting for market is
placed under the ban. and transportation
companies are forbidden to ship gameout
side the county. Trout may be caught
with hook and line only from April 1 to
October 15.
Violation of any of the provisions of the
ordinance is made punishable by a fine of
|200, or imprisonment at the rate of one
day for each dollar of the tine.
Death at Marysville.
MARYSVILLE, May SO.— Philip Brown, I
who had resided continuously in Marys
ville from 1807, died this afternoon, aged
S3 years. He was a native of Russian
Poland. He wrtp married three times.
seven children resulting from the first
union, four from the second and three
from the third— fourteen in all. During
his long residence in Marysville he con
ducted a clothing business. He was a
member of the Odd Fellows, United
Workmen, Knights of Honor and Chosen
Friends lodges. Paralysis was the cause
of death
Sutter County Official Dies.
TUBA CITY. May 30.— Austin S. Me-
Phetridge, Auditor and Recorder of Sut
ter County, died last night. He was a
native of Missouri, aged 55 years. ■ He
leaves a widow, , two daughters and one
son. ' Mr. McPhetridge had "been Auditor
and Recorder for the past seven years.
■ » ■
.Floral and plain crepe ::*' tissue ■''"■p aper,
flowers and lamp shades cheap at San
born & Vail's, 741 Market street. "
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Henry J. Foley to Thais A. Foley, lot on W
line of De Long avenue, 160 S of Frederick
street, S 35 by W 80; also lots 6 and 7, block Z,
Park I>ane Tract No. 6; gift.
Ellen, William A. and Mary E. Hogan, Emma.
Burton and Carrie Gallagh to Michael Hopan,
undivided half of lot on W line of Bfrnlce
Ptreet, 80 S of Twelfth, S 24:8>v W 75, N 26:8%.
B 7.">; $1.
Louise R. Barrollhet to Carrie B. <le Golia
(wife of George E.), lot on N line of Fifteenth
street, 25 W of Dolores, W 75 by X *»; $3000.
John H. and Margaret E. Gallivan to James
A. Beckett, lot on N line of C street. 52:6 \\
of Twenty-fifth avenge, W 25 by N M 0; W.
Louis and Rose Llpman to Lawrence and
Margaret Spillane. lot on N line of I street, 4a
E of Twelfth avenue, E 25 by N 100; $li).
Louis J. Neuman to Solomon Getz, lot on
S line of H street, 52:6 W of Eighth avenue,
W 25 by S 100; $10.
George R and Margreth Tscharner to J.
Wallace W'estover, lots 1 and 2. block A, as per
map 1 of Sutro's Addition; $10.
Peter McNamara to Solomon Getz, lot on NW
line of London street, 100 NE of China. XE SO
by NW 100, block 1, Excelsior Homestead; $10.
William C. and Sarah J. Hajnerton to Andrew
J. Headrlck, lot on E line of California avtnue,
80 S of Cobo, S 25 by E 70, lots 114 and 116, gift
map 3; $10.
Alexander Patterson to Jr>seph Winterburn,
lot on SW corner of West Eddy and Wlllard
Btreets. W 100 by S 25, lot 26, First Avenue
Land Association; $10.
Thomas W. Fisher to William D. Reynolds,
lots 4 to 7 and SE half of lot 8. In block SQ7,
Salt, Mureh and Tide Lands, 225x100; $10.
Alameda County.
Union Savings Bank to Hattie A. Hunter, lot
on X line of Edward street, 950 E of Telegraph
avenue, B 45 by N 125, Oakland; 110.
Algernon M. and Ida M. Goodnough to A. L.
Patton, lot on XE line of Orange street, 140 SE
of Walnut or Grand avenue, NW 50, XE 100,
SE 50, SW 100 to beginning, being the PE 50
feet of lots 47 and 48, Marion Tract, Brooklyn
Township; grant.
Herman Bremer to M. E-. Ackerson, lot on N
line of Taylor avenue, 21S:2Vt W of Sixth street,
W M by N 100:2, Alameda; $10.
Alfred H. Miller to Charles M. Miller, undi
vided one-quarter interest in lot on E line of
McPherson or Nmth street, 200 N of Santa
Clara avenue, N 40 by E ISO, Alameda; $5.
David Ury to Sarah Try, lot G, block 15,
Town of San Leandro. EUen Township; gift.
Anna E. Meyer to Catherine J. Meyer, lot on
W line of IVralta street. 124. 57 S of West
Elehth. S 25 by W 135:6. beiner portion lot 9,
Map of Barry Tract. Oakland: gift.
Johanna O'Connell (wife of William) (Harl
ihy) to Julia M. Barry lot on NW lin* oi Pe
ra'lta street, 14S». 1O'«. SW from S Eighth, SW
25 by NW I'M. being the .SE 2-3 of lot 10. block
— , as per survey made by W. F. Boardman
of the lands of John Barry. Oakland; gift.
Andrew H Kitchen to John Kitchen, lot 7,
block X. ParadiM Park. Oakland: $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Eliza
Franck, lot 64 in Plot -7. Mountain View Cem
etery, Oakland Township: $603.
, W J and Grace E Mortimer to William
I-eschinsky, subdivisions 21. 22 and 23. block
25 Daley's Scenic F'ark Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Martha and William Gregory to Charles Cam
den lot 6 on map of portion lot E, City Hall
Tract, Oakland, $10.
Albert Brown and E. A. Heron (trustees A.
M. Benham and W. R. Thomas) to Standard
Building and Loan Association, lot on N line
of Twenty-eighth street. 75 E of Filbert. E 30
by N 100, block B, Golden Gate Homestead,
Oakland: $2043.
Edwin F. AdaniH and as attorney, and John
! C. Adams and Julia P. A. Prather (by Edson
F. Adams, attorney) to Mary S. Cope (wife of
I George W ) lot on E corner of Jayne avenue
I and Lee street. If produced SE, thence NE
| 144.33 SE 50, SW 130, thence NW on a curve
to the left, the radius of which curve is sflO
and the course of said radius SW a distance
of 22.5S to end of curve, thence NW 29.28 to
beginning, Oakland; $2000.
I John L. and Eliza A. Cooke to James S.
Naismlth. lots 7. 8 and 10. block 101, mai> of
Watson property. East Oakland (Quitclaim
deed); $10.
G. H. and .Tuli-i Baker to Albert S. Wood
l bridge, undivided half interest In lots 1 to 6.
1 12 to 18 20 and 21. Mountain View Tract, being
! a portion of Dohr Tract. Berkeley,: $5.
E. J. and Ellzalx-th B. Dodsre to James L.
Barker, lot on S line of Ward street, 2«0 W of
j Ellnworth. Wloby S 134 : R. Berkeley. $400.
Carrie Edstrom to James Irvine:, lot on SW
' corner of Dwlnelle and Effle streets. W 40 by
S 132:6 being lot 11, block 7, Case Tract. Berke
ley; $10.
H. c. Morris to Bengt. Magnuspon. lot on
l W corner nf Mountain View avenue and Olive
street. SW r.o by NW 140. being lot 9. block
26 Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Joseph Gottllob to Alameda Savings Bank.
lot on E line of Park street. 2R:4 S of San Jose
avenue. S 2fi by E 132:*". being a portion of
bl^ck 16, Alumeda Park Homestead. Alameda;
$10.
Joseph Gottlieb iby commissioner) to same,
lot on E line of Park street, 28:4 S of San Jose
avenue, S 52 by E 132 ;I'-. excepting in feet in
Width along XW side thereof, taken to widen
Park street to SO feet, being portion block lfi',
I Alameda Park Homestead. Alameda; $BS9.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May 31.— Silver. 2S l-16d; French
rentes. I'i2f 15c; wheat cargoes off coast, buyers
indifferent operators; cargoes on passage,
hardly any demand; English country markets,
quiet.
I.IVEKT'i Kil.. May 3<>.— Wheat, steady; NOj 1
standard Cnltfornia. fin X'-jilfitis 4d ; wheat in
rails. Steady; Hour in Paris, firm: French
country markets, firm; weather in England,
brilliant.
< < rTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. IV California. 6s
3Hd#«s 4d; No. 1 red Northern Duluth, 6s 4</ad.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days,
113.000 centals, including 72,000 American.. ■■ •>■
CORN— Spot, steady. Receipts of American
corn during the post three days, 141,400 centals.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 30.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were firm but Idle. Americans
were neglected and dull. Canadian Pacifies
were strong on the April traffic statement. Ana
condas were slightly under 12. Utahs, B*4.
Money was in fair demand; calls. 1%; bills,
2V4@2 9-16.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 102; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 78%; Union Pacific preferred, 77; Ana
conda, 11%: bar silver, steady, 28 l-16d ,j>er
ounce: money, 114l l 4 per cent.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. May 30.— CATTLE— Trade In cat
tle was animated. at steady prices. Fancy cat
tle, $j 60(g5 70; choice steers, {5 35(g5 55; me
diums, $4 BOOS 95; beef steers. $4 EO&i S5; stock
ers ; and feeders, $4 2006 25; bulls, .$3 85@4 50;
cows and heifers, $3 70©i BO; Western fed steers,
ii 75@5 50: Texans, $4 StO@s; calves, $6®6 96.
HOGS— Hogs were 2^o lower. Fair to choice,
$3 77%@3 57%; heavy packers, $3 5."i(g3 75; mixed,
$3 604i3 80; bute'ners. $3 6, ,@3 85; lights, $3 65@
3 82%; Piss. *3 25<&"3 75.
SHEEP — was a good demand for sheep
and lambs at the recent decline. Poor to
choice sheep, $3 5005 25; yearlings, $5 26®6 75;
wooled Colorado lambs, $6 50(g6 65; spring
lambs, $6©7 50.
Receipts— Cattle, 7500; hogs, 35,000; sheep,
13,000.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS. May 30.— COTTON—
middling, 5%C •' -
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 30—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last ' season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 33.17 33.21
Red Bluff 000 20.54 14.91
Sarramento 0-00 14.10 10.37
San Francisco 0.00 IH.IO f1.19
Fresno 0.00 7.03 4.95
Ban Luis Oblspo 0.00 16.46 7.16
Los Angeles B.flO 4.95 7.06
San Diego 0.00 4.97 4.97
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.63
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
58;" minimum, 4S; mean, 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours over the entire Pacific
Coast. A storm of moderate energy is prob
ably off the coast of Vancouver and Northern
Washington. A depression over Arizona and
Southern Nevada will probably move northward
and unite with the low off the Washington
coast. ■■.-:. ■
The temperature has risen generally over
California, Nevada and Southern Oregon.,
Throughout California the temperatures are
from two to eight degrees below the normal.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Fort Canby, 48 miles per hour from
the southeast; Idaho Falls, 36 from the south.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending at midnight, May 31, 1599:
• Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Wednesday with showers in the north
ern portion; fresh southeasterly winds.
•Southern California— Cloudy, and unsettled
weather Wednesday; probably showers; fresh
southwesterly winds. ,
Nevada— Showers Wednesday. |
Utah— Cloudy, warmer Wednesday. 7- i-;'.
Arizona— Cloudy, warmer Wednesday.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and
unsettled, weather with showers Wednesday;
southeasterly changing to fresh southwesterly
winds ALEXANDER McADIE,
. . - , . Forecast Official.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoißted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 121 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places^
WEDNESDAY. MAY 31.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are hut
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the sounding? on the
Vnited Statp? Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of th>> lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May 30. 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m. Greenv.ich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. I. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, May 30.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 78 hours from New.
port (8).
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Rngg.
Stmr Westport, Peterson, 51 hours from New
port (Si. . WOMP
Stmr Lacuna, Ericsson, 19 hours from Bear
Harbor.
Br ship Glenard, Turner, 158 days from South
Shields.
Sehr Webfoot, Attwood, 9 days from Colum
bia River. ;
Schr Louise, Rasmussen. 5 days from Ump
qua.
S<-hr Metha Nelson, Rice, 24 days from Ma
hukona.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Johannssen, 9 hours
from Sewarts Point. 4
Sehr Ruby A Cousine, Knudsen, 11 days from
Port Gamble.
Schr Eliza Miller, Christiansen, 3»4 days from
Coos Bay.
Sehr John A, Wilson, ■• 60 hours from Eureka.
-. .:- SAILED..
■ Tuesday, May 30.
Z Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka, js. -;.-
Stmr Tlll&mook. Anfindsen. .
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, Point Arena and Al
bion. « '
U S stmr Grant, Buford, Manila, via Hono
lulu.
Bark Haydn Brown. Paulnen, Kahului. •
Rchr Volante, Stanford, .
Sehr Jennie Thelin, Holmberg, Grays Harbor.
Sehr Five Brothers, Jensen. .
Sehr C H Merchant. Olsen, Seattle.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 30. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind west: velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN. ,
Per stmr City of Rio.de Janeiro. April 29, lat
21 42.14 N. long 165 12 W— Ship Marlon Chilcott,
from Seattle, for Manila.
Per Glenard. May 16. lat 19 31 N. long 125 34
W— Br ship James Kerr, from Tacoma. for Liv
erpool.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 28— Schr Mag
gie C Russ, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 30— Stmr Noyo, !
for. San Francisco.
Arrived May — Sehr Monterey, hence May
28. .
NEAH BAT— Passed in May Haw stmr
San Mateo, from Port Los Angeles, for Comox;
ship SDartan, hence May 14. for Seattle.
POINT LOBOS— Passed May 30, at 11 a m—
Stmr Rival, bound from San Pedro, for .
ASTORlA— Arrived May Stmr State of
California, hence May 28.
Sailed May 30— Br ship Iverna, for Queens
town.
EUREKA— Arrived May Stmr Portland,
hence May 29: stmr Pomona, hence May 29.
Sailed 'May 30— Schr Bertie Minor, for New
port; stmr- Portland, for "Victoria and Un
alaska; stmr Weeott. for San Francisco; bktn
Uncle John, for Hilo. ■
USAL — Arrived May 30— Stmr Newsboy, hence
May 29.
Sailed May 30— Stmr Navarro; for San Pedro.
MENDOCINO— Arrived May 30-Stmr Point
Arena, hence May 29.
TACOMA — Arrived May 30 — Stmr Walla
Walla, hence May 25; stmr Lakme, from As
toria. ■ ■
Sailed May Stmr Cottage City, for Dyea.
SEATTLE— May 30— Ship Spartan,
hence May 14; stmr Al-Ki, from Dyea,
Sailed May 30— Stmr Cottage City, for Dyea.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PORT PlßlE— Sailed May 29— Bark Abby Pal
mer, for Newcastle, Aus, and San Francisco.
• TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 30— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse, from Bremen and South
ampton.
•""V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A»jig%iM 025 KEABNY ST, Established
I Hri IthbU '" IN!>4 for the treatment of Privata
1 ■TT iJth-WM I'lsciuscß. Lost Manhood. Debility or
■uKSHEcSw disease wearing on bodyand mlndana
tjHMHBm Skin Diseases. I'hedoctorcureBwhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low
rWßiiiiiilin <iire»ffnarnntf>rd. Call urwrlte.
Mr. J. Jt' uIBBOII. Box 39S7.Sau Francisco
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEpAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
■ ncr First and Brannan streets. Ip. m for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at - Hongkong with steamers for
India,, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. .. . .: ■:'■•-.
NIfPONMARU;.... Tuesday. June 27
AMERICA MARU...i Saturday July 22
HONGKONG MARU Thursday, August 17
. ' Round-trip tickets at L reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market st., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mall Steamships
Sail from New York Every Saturday for
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage, $50 and upward.
Second Cabin . - 1 *
City of Rome, $35. Other Steamers, $30.
Steerage Passage . -
Rome. $25.60. Furncspla, $24.50. Othtr
Btrs.. $23.60.
■ For Book of Tours and Information apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS. *
General Agents, 7 Bowling Green. ■■ New '•or*.
Or J. F. FUGAZI. 6 Montgomery st.
Or L. F. COCKROPT. 114 Montgomery st.
Or R. ;R. RITCHIE. 2 %'ew Montgomery st.
BAN FRANCISCO. , ■/■.,
Tne s - s - Australia
a^^^M3BlllniE palls for Honolulu
ss¥ Jw^H fc *^ Wednesday. May 31.
■ VK,M . at 2 r m. .■■:";- . ':
PHBbIUMIM Tne s - s - Australia
3EMRIE ?a . lls for Honolulu
[•C** 1 ""* Wednesday, May 31,
m - at 2 r m.
V/L^ SS - Alameda sails
WsHKbW ANIP/HTl^nilW vla Honolulu and
G)lMllljlllU c -' Auckland for Sydney
fnITIRSRII— Wednesday, June 14,
vutiipaictp at 10 p . m .
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India, Sues,
England, etc.; $610. first class. *&S9lNts^Bg|g£B£bg
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agls.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St* Freight Office, 327 Market St.
AUCTION SALES.
GRAND AUCTION SALE !
£& — OF — • £*
FORTY-FIVE HIGHLY BRED TROTTING
HORSES, PONIES. CARRIAGE
- TEAMS, ETC.
Handsome roadsters, stylish, matched teams,
draft and all-purpose horses, ponies, and one
of the handsomest stallions in California, in-
cluded in this sale.
From
BELLOTA SI OCK FARM
(C. E. Xeodham, Proprietor).
THIS DAY
"WEDNESDAY MAY 31. 1999
. OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 Howard street, near Third.
HORSES AT SALESYARD.
\VM. G. LAYNG, Auctioneer.
$50,000 BANKRUPT STOCK.
' SUN FAT & CO., NO. 39 GEARY STREET,
Will Be Sold Out
BY AUCTION
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE CREDITORS,
Commencing
TO-MORROW.
THURSDAY >.' .....JUNE 1. 1599
At 2 and 8 p. m. daily until all are disposed of,
— Consisting of
CHINESE AND JAPANESE GOODS; Old
Gold, Satsuma and Cloisonne Wares: Bronzes;
Ebony Goods; a beautiful collection of Carved
Ivory Goods; Silks; Silk Piece Goods; Ladies'
and Gentlemen's Underwear; Silk Bed Spreads;
Robes; Jackets and Table Covers. A full line of
Ebony Goods. Cabinets, Tables, Stoves, Screens,
etc. C. P. TROY & CO., Auctioneers.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Steamers leave Broadway
TWfc^ wharf. San Francisco:
MUUk For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m. .
BppnW May 21. 26, 31; June 5; change
Hr£%3^lal For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
BSy^CTJfjSSjiVi C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
Tacoma. Everett. Anacorteß
and New Whatcom (Wash),
10 a. m.. May 21, 26. 11; Juno
6. and every fifth day thereafter; change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and .O. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. By. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. .
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., May
19. 24. 29; June 3, and "every fifth day there-
j after.
i For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
j Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. . Huenem*.
Ban Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., May 20. 24, 28; June 1, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblgpo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. May IS. 22. 26, SO; June 3. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensinada, Magdalena Bay, Ban Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and. Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th at each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of pallfne. --
TICKET OFFIOB —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. Ran Francisco.
THF.O, R. &N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m. .
CADC *1* l-irst lias* including Berthi j
rHriL <S8 Second Clas* and .Meals.
Columbia sails June 2. 12. 22: July 2. 12, 22. i
State of California sails June 7. 17, 27; July
7, 17. 27.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Eeast.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
MEW rORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDOH. PAttli.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a, m.
New York May 31 New York June 21
St. Paul June 7 ' St. Paul June 28
fit. Louis June 14 St. Louis July 5
RED STAR LINE.
r»ew York «nd Jlntwern.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington .May 31 I Southwark June 21
Noordland June 7 Westernland ...June 28
Friesland- June 14 j Kensington .....July 5
EMPIRE LINE
6eattf«. St. Michael. Dawgoi Cltr.
For full information regarding freight and pas- j
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St., or any of its agencies.
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRAKSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. _ ■r-Ctrm
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <2kt!3[jp>
from Pier 42, North River, foot of ••2 | ***-** s >
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. June 3; LA CHAM-
PAGNE. June 10; LA BRETAGNE. June 17;
LA TOURAINE, June 24; LA GASCOGXE, July
1. First-class to Havre, $65 and upward. 5 per j
cent reduction on round- trip. Second-class to j
I Havre, $45. 10 per cent reduction en round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green. New York. I
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 j
Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m. |
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m. I
j daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers !
| leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m. j
; daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND. IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOB (J. S. WAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
HON., Tuea.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45 j
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri- I
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8 j
p. in. Landing and office, Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. 1 Telephone Main 1508.
FARE ..■■■soc
RAILROAD TRAVEL. «.
A Superb Train
<$BBjk EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR |
iPlunion Pacific. 1
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN . TOURIST . SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 3H DAYS TO CHICAGO.
LeaTM Ban Francisco daily at 6 p. m. .
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General 'Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street, - San Francisco.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
VUStusUtt Parry.
• Commencing April 23, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. •8:00-, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; I
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00. 5:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San ;
Rafael, on . . Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11: JO p. m.
SUNDAi'S— 'SiOO, *9:00. •10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m. 1:00, •1:45. »2:30. *4:00, 6:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. i
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, • '6:40, 7:55. 8:40, *10:2Q ;
a. m. . 12:30. 2:15. «3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on '.. Mondays. Wednesdays ;
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
. SUNDAYS— 7:OO, '8:00, *9:45, '10:45, *11:45
a. m.. 1:00, .: 2:20. *3:30. '5:15. *iM. 7:00, 10:15
p. m. . .
. Trains marked (•> run to San Quentln. •
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. \
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50. 7:55. 5:55, 10:35 !
a. m.: 12:35. 2:45. 4:55, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays,,: Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, ■ 10:20 p. m.
. SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00, 11:10 a. m. 12:05, \
1:20. 2:40, 3:55, 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
'; THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns. '
8:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:16 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)— ,
.'> Point Reves and way stations." :, , - ■ .
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and .way sta'ns. I
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns. |
RAILROAD TRAVEL. .
IWITUEBiI riCII'ICCOiirAHT.
(rAcmc system.) -• C'"M'
: flTr»lB« leave Mntl me due to arrive mM
SAN tltt.\( IM< O. .
(SUta Line. Foot cf Market Street.)
ieavb — i From Mat 7, 1399. |— : arrivs
7:OO\ Benicia, Suisunansl Sacramento.... 5:43p .
T:OOa Marysville, OroTilleand UeddingTia
Woodland *.. 5:45p
7:00 a Elmira, Vacavillo and Rmnsey 8:-13f
7:aOA Miirtiiier, .San Kamon, VaUeJo, Napa,
Cttli-Uigaau.l Santa Rosa 6:15p
8:00* Atlautlo Express. Ogden and East.. 8:45*
»i»Oa San .love, liiTermore, Stockton,
Ion;-. tiacrameuto, Placerville,
.V. MurysTillc, Chico, RedJUult 4:1.1*
•Milton, Oakdaloand Sonora 4:15p
9:OO a Haywards, Niles tad Woy Station*. 11:43 a
9:OOa Martinez Tracy, liathrop. Etocktoo,
Merced and Fresno ; 12:13»
• :«u A Frosuo, llakerslield, .Santa li.irliam.
Los ADgcles, Doming, ■ El Paso,
New Orleans and East 0:45»
1O:OOa Vail jo, Martiuez and Way Stations 7:45r
11:OOa Haywards, Pfiles and Way Stations. 2:45»
liiiiMtM Kilcs, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
meuto, Mendota, Hanford, Viaali*.
, rcrterrillß 4i15»
•lt«w>i> Sacramento ICtrei Stemners. ...:....' *8:OOf
3:OOp Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. »:45y
4s««p Martinez, Han Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, <:a!inl,oK». Kuuc.i liosn !»:i(IA
4:WOp Benicia, Vacavilln, Bacnuiiento^
Woodland, Knights Laudiug,
' MarysTiile, Orovill.. ; • 1 0:454
4:3OpNUe3, San Jose and Stockton 7:13p
4:SOp Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:15*
O:OOp Stockton, Merced, Frasuo 12:I3»
5:OOp Martinez, Tracy, Mc-mlota, Fresno.
Mojare ami I. on Angeles S:4.la
s:o<>p Banta Fn Uoute, Atlantic Kiiiress
for Mojave and Rast 6:4»»
•:OOp The Owl. Fresno, BakersCeld, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 8:45 v
CjOOpKnropemi Mail, Ogiloti and Kaati 9:l.iA
6:00p Hay wards, Niles and San Jose 7: 15a
•6:00 1- Vallejo , ...;.... 12:13»
7:|»Op Oregon press, Hacniiiiento, Marrs-
villo, lt.'.lcllng, Portland, I'nget
Boiiiidaiid East 7:43*
}8:00p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tlons ...;"■■ tlO^Of
COAST DIVISION (Ifarron (iuuge).
(Foot of Market Street.) J
{7:43 a Santa Crnz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Station! {»:©»•
8:1 Newark.Centerville.San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Sauta Cruz and Way
Btatlons 0:3»»
•2:15p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Btations *10:50*
. 4:13r Sun Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:2»*
MilSp Felton. Banta Cruz and Way 6ta>
tious /O:2B^
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frta SIN FEIKCISCO— Foot of M»rket Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 COO 11:00 a.m. tl:03 *2:00 t3:o§
•1:00 JB:03 •6:00 p.M.
fromOlXUKD— ?oot orßroaiwaj.— "6:oo 8:00 I0:O0a.«.
»2:QO *I:QQ t2:CO *3:00 tI:C3 *S:OQP.Ia,
COAST DIVISION Gauge).
(Third and Townsend Sta.) ■■
•6:1 Oa Ocean VieW, South San Francisco.. *0:30»
•7:OOa San Jopo and Why Stations (New
Almadfii Wednesdays only) 1:30?
J7:3Oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Parifi; Grore and
Principal Way Stations :*:33»
•i<M>A San Jos.-, Tres Pinoa, Hauta Cruz,
Pacific prove, Paso Hobles, San
Luis Obisno, Ouadahipe, Surf and
Principal Way Station* 4:10*
1O:4Oa SaUJosennd Way Stations..* «S:OOA
11:80 a San Jose and Way Stations 5:30*
*a<43p Sau Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park. : . ,y;
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Gllroy, iiollister, Sauta Cruz,
' ' Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grove «IO:38i
•»t«Op San Jose and Way Stations *!>:(>Oa
•4:15p San Joseainl Principal Way Stations «:43*.
•5:00p San Jose and Principal Way Station* fi::«A
S:3op Sau Jose aud Principal Way Stations *8:33 A
• San Jose and Way Stations Zi'Mr
f11:43p San Jose and Way Stations " 7:30p
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
• Sunday eicepted. 1 Sunday only. Saturday only.
bSaturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday. ;
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot off Market t3t,»
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35.
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:34
' and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a, m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45,
8:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips ;at
1:56 and 0:25 p. in.
BUNDAYS— B:IO, 8:40, 11:10 a, m.; 1:40, 3:40, 6:06,
6:25 p. m. .
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
tame schedule as above. ■
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
April 16, ■ —
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- Week
Days. days. . Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 110:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pmj 9:30 am . Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. ' 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 ant
Heald&burg,
Lytton,
Geyserville.
8:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am . ' Hopland and 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
7:80 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Ouerneville. 7:35 pm .- r
8:30 pm ' 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and ■
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. j 6:03 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am! Sebastopol. 10:40 amilO:2s am
8:30 pm 5:00 pmj I 7:35 pin; 6:20 pro
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and "White Sulphur Springs; at Lytt' a
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley"3.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville.
Booneville. Philo. Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion. Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg-,
Westport. Usal, Willltts. Laytonville, Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's,. Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
, Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays ■ round trip tickets to all point!
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bids.
HC. WHITING, - ( R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent,
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting: Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th»
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 ;3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is in Addition to the Daily
Overland Express. ..;•;; ;
SAN ' FRANCISCO lICKTIFFIK— 528 MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. i.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.'
San Jose Office— West Santa Clara St
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. M
From Jan. 2S, 1899, trains will run as follow*!
South-bound.. North-bound.
Passen- I Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.,
T:2O am 10:30 am '- Stockton ; '3:45 pm 6:00 pra
1:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pro, Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pra
11:38 am 7:43 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfield 2:00 am 11:00 ara
11:59 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla 8:40 am 1:22 pin
12:15 pm| 6:63 pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection!
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
Mrtet. San Francisco. ; -. - . •■ -
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave ' San Francisco, via Sausallto Kerry,
I Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1533. - ;
.WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 fa. m. V
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.; Returning Same Even- ■■'
ings. Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m. ..-
SUNDAYS, 8, 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30
and 4 d. ■m. ' -
On May 30 Trains Run. on Sunday Time
Fare, S. F. to Summit and ■ Return. $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agta.. 621 Market at.
910
FRATERNITY OF
EAGLES IS NOW
UNDER THE BAN
Oakland Lodge Gives
Up Its Charter.
EFFORT TO PURGE THE RANK
CHARACTER OF GRAND OFFI
CERS IS IN QUESTION.
American Bohemian Eagles Will Form
a New Grand Nest and Soar No
More With the Old
Order.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
90S Broadway, May go.
Th» Eagles have spread their wings an.
flown. The immemorial tenet that "bird
JAMES TAYLOR, Ex-President of tfoe Seceding
Lodge of Eagles.
of a feather (lock together" has been
shattered, and Oakland Lodge No. 7. Fra
ternal Order of Eagles, has surrendered
its charter to the Grand Lodge because
the supreme officers are birds with which
the Oakland Eagles no longer care to
soar.
The step v.is decided upon at a very
spirited meeting held by the local lodge
last night, with President James Taylor
In the chair, and was the direct result of
nference held in San Francisco last
Sunday for the purpose of devising means
to purge t hi ranks of an objectionable ele
ment.
A 1 the conference held last Sunday
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cured Her Rupture,
Happy Restoration From a Dan-
gerous Malady. v
The Rice Method Is a Wonderful
and Certain Cure.
Although 62 yearn of :ig» and raptured mnny
}••■•« r*. Mr*. E. Drew of Ipswich, South Dakota, j
«r>uld net give up the struggle to bo .cured or
iMr affliction. After repealed failure sb« tried :
* . . ,
MRS. E. DREW. Ipswich, South Dakota.
the well known treatment Invented by Dr. W.
S. Rice of 41SD Main St.. Adams, N. y., and
was perfectly restored to permanent physical
strength and the rupture completely healed.
When we consider th« number of people who
have been ruptured nearly all their lives, who
have struggled through weary years of un-
certalnty, failure of trusses, constant fear of
widden "death and all the pain, misery, dis-
comfort and loss of time and pleasure, in life
It Is a wonderfully bracing thing to know that
there really is a cure for the malady.
Write to Dr. Rice for his free book that fully
explains all about hfs plan of treatment. Write,
to-day. Do not put oft the Inclination hut go
right at it and learn all about this new and
marvelous rupture cure that restores you to
permanent freedom from rupture.
It Is a home cure, safe, painless, without
ration or detention from work and every one
should send for Dr. Rice's book and mail it to
nny on* you know to be ruptured. Such an
art of kindness will be remembered by those
who suffer With the great affliction' of rupture. ,
there were present representatives from
the lodges at Sacramento, San Francisco,
San Jose and Oakland, among som? of
the prominent delegate? being San Fran
clsco's County Recorder, Attorney Ko
walsky, Attorney Crowley, who is prime
mover with the knights of Pythias; Dep
uty Recorder Bohr of San Francisco, who
Is also president of the Eagle Lodge in
the metropolis. A report was read from
the representatives of these lodges, who
attended the Grand Lodge .in Seattle on
the 6th inst.. and the report teemed with
charges of a most sensational nature,
questioning the character and reputation
of some of the grand officers.
"Why, do you know the representatives
termed the grand officers a disreputable
crowd," said President James Taylor of
the Oakland lodge, who attended the San
Francisco conference, "and the Seattle
papers commented most unfavorably upon
the whole affair. Bo we decided that the
term Eagle is one that every true Ameri
can should look up to. and we did not
propose to allow the name to be smirched
by such an element as prevails m be
attle. Hence the conference was held to
perpetuate the name Eagles in an honor
able way."
\fter a three hours' consultation at tne
conference a committee of eleven was ap
pointed, with Attorney Crowley as chair
man, to prepare articles of incorpora
tion for a new order to be known as the
"Bohemian American Eagles." This com
mittee was instructed to rile the neces
sary articles Immediately and have the
documents ready for the formation of a
"grand nest" in San Francisco next Bun
day afternoon.
Oakland Lodge is th< first to withdraw
from the old order. At its meeting last
r.ighi President Taylor stated, in a stir
nng speech, that as presiding officer he
vould be bound to r.how respect to the
grand officers, but he thought the lodge
could not expect him to take those officers
out in carriages and introduce them to
Mayor Snow. "Oakland Lodge," he con
tinued, "does not wish to smirch its repu
tation a> j;onii citizens by being controlled
bj an organization of such characters. 1
As a result Oakland Lodge, which was
organized last March with ins members,
among whom are some of this city's most
prominent merchants and professional
men, by a unanimous vote surrendered its
charter, and fifty-four names were signed
tr- the roll for membership in the new
sect of Eagles.
The principles of the proposed "Bo
hemian American Eagle?" will be strict
ly American in patriotism, Bohemian in
liberality and good fellowship. No one
can become a member except American
citizens of good moral character, good
standing in th" community, irrespective
of religion, politics or profession.
The appropriate titles of the officers of
the Grand Nest will be as follows: Grand
golden eagle, past president: grand gray
eagle, presiding officer; grand black eagle,
vice president;- grand sacred eagle, chap
lain; grand recording eagle, secretary;
grand guardian of the nest, treasurer;
grand left wing, inside guard; grand right
wing, outside guard; grand guiding eagle,
conductor.
■ ♦ ■
RITCHIE'S HORRIBLE DEATH.
Freight Clerk Struck by an Engine
and His Head Severed From
the Body.
OAKLAND, May 30.— Homer E. Ritchie,
ti Biding with his widowed sister, Mrs.
Voight, at 815 Henry street, was run over
and killed by a switch engine at the
Peralta -street freight yard shortly after
H o'clock this morning, his head being
severed from the body.
Ritchie was a clerk in the freight office
of the Southern Pacific Company and
had just left the platform of the freight
transfer sheds to take a handful of bills
to the office. While walking between the
tracks, evidently deep in thought, switch
engine No. 1051 backing down the track
struck him. notwithstanding Switchman
Albert Pool, who was standing on the
step of the engine, called loudly warning
him. Two wheels of the tender passed
O'ler his head and neck before the engine
could be stopped. Deceased was a single
man. aged 40 years. The Inquest will be
held to-morrow night.
O'SULLIVAN'S IRISH
SONG RECITATION
"Vnien a song recital in San Francisco
draws a parked, fashionable audience on
the night of a holiday the attraction is
something- unusual. The Sherman & Clay
Hall was uncomfortably crowded last
night when Dennis O'Sullivan sang. The
programme was made up entirely of Jrish
songs and the singer was In the best of
voice and (spirits. Nobody else sings these
songs as lie does, and it is small wonder
that the concertgoers and critics of Ire
land aad England bave granted him first
platie in this specialty. Whether it be in
the melodramatic, humorous sentimental
or patriotic songs of Ireland, Mr. O'Sul
llvan gives them for all that they are
worth. He brings the character out of
every one.
The programme commenced with a
brace of songs from Stanford'!* "Shamtis
O'Brien" that brought welcome souvenirs
of O'BulHvan's big success In the title
part of that opera. Needhain and Lover
were well represented in the programme
and there was a group of ballads by Tom
Moore and another of folk Bongs arranged
Iby Charles Wood. It is :i pity that Mr
O'Sullivan cannot give another recital
prior to his departure for Europe. Many
of hi 6 friends were unable to get tickets
for last night. H. J. Stewart contributed
admirable accompaniments on the piano
forte and altogether the concert was an
artistiu and social success.
■ ♦ .
San Francisco Chess Champion.
San Francisco won two (if the live tele
praphic chess games played with Seattlo
yesterday. Two games were drawn and
nnc was taken by the Seattle team. One
of the consultation games was won by
San Francisco and the «ther was de
clared a draw. »
■ ♦ ■
Walcott Scores a Knockout.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., May M.— Joe Wal
eott. the Barbadoes demon, to-night
knocked out Jim Watts (colored), middle
weight champion of the South, in the
eighth round of what was scheduled to
have been a twenty-round contest.
THE SAIS FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 31, 1899.
MORE SALOONS
MAY SOON BE
CLOSED DOWN
Council Has Set Up
a Precedent.
! PROTESTS WILL PREVAIL
SEVEN DRAMSHOPS IN A BLOCK
SAID TO BE TOO MANY.
I Councilman Girard Reminds His As
sociates That He Was Opposed
by Liquor Men at the Last
Election.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 30.
Not for ten years has the saloon busi
ness received such a shock as It was
I given last night, when the City Council
I decided that whenever a substantial pro
test Is presented against a license it will
not be granted. The extremists are al
ready declaring that In this manner Oak
land can soon be made a prohibition
town.
The fight on the floor of the Council
was very determined. Two ministers and
an ex-Judge led the protestants, and the
applicants and Councilmen Mott and
Schaefor acted in harmony. Councilman
Stetson clinched matters for the West
Oakland applicants yesterday by stating
that there are now seven saloons within
•a radius of one block from where the ap
plicant resides, and that there )b no need
for eight. This license was for a now sa
loon and was denied.
The case of the Union Bar of East
Oakland Is somewhat different. The place
has been licensed for thirty years and has
only recently been complained against. An
organized tight has been made against
i the renewal of the license, on the ground
! that It is a residence district. This pro
test also prevailed. Now them Is a reel
ing of unrest among many other saloon
keepers whose licenses will soon expire.
Especially is the case in the Seventh
Ward, where the Union Bar Is located,
as at the last special election to decide for
or against saloons tills ward was the only
one that gave a majority against the
liquor traffic.
Councilmen Girard, Upton, Rowe,
Cuvellier and Stetson are already on rec
ord as being opposed to granting licenses
when a protest is presented, and if they
I can depend on one more vote they oan do
!as they please. Mr. Girard made a very
significant remark when he said that the
I saloon men had fought him at the polls.
| but that the decent element had elected
t him. and he intended to stand by his
supporters. Tt is well known that there
: are several licenses slated for a denial of
| a reissue.
CLASS TENNIS AT
CALIFORNIA CLUB
Clever Racket Wielders Play for
Prizes and Honors.
The class tournament In singles of the
I California Tennis Club attracted all the
local racket wielders to the courts yes
terday morning and afternoon. The sec
! ond and third class entries wound up their
! matches, so nothing: remains but the
round robin interelas* contests between
the winners of the separate classes.
The entries for the first class were
limited in number, being confined to the
Whitney brothers, Robert and George.
Robert Whitney defaulted to his brother,
leaving George to contest the champion
ship rights with Salisbury, the winner of
the third class, and with George Brad
shaw, the winner of the second class.
These three class champions will fight
it out among themselves in a round
robin, next Sunday being the day selected
for their meeting.
Some little difficulty and contention oc
curred In regard to the first class
matches. James A. Code, who represent-
I ed Werner Stauf as one of the committee
on the tournament, wanted the two Whit
neys to compete in the second class, as
they were the only players' entered in the
first class. The Whitneys refused point
i blank, and Code finally surrendered. Rob
ert Whitney did not play, and this left
George the champion of his own special
class. - - '
The preliminary matches of the second
class resulted as follows: H. E. Bunnett
defaulted to Code; Bradshaw beat Drum
mond McGavln, 6—2, 7—5. McGavin, al
though one of the youngest players on
the courts, is rapidly rising to the top of
the tennis ladder and will soon be among
i the first class players. Bradshaw's vie-
I tory was won by hard work. He is the
I best second class player In the Califor
nia Club. Dr. C. B. Root beat Grant
Smith, 6—4, 4—6, 6—3, after a most inter
esting match. R. J. Davis and alter
McGavin drew a bye, McGavin -winning
' out, I—6. c — 6—3. Harry Weihe default
i ed to Walter McGavin.
The semi-finals produced some excellent
i tennis. Bradshaw defeated Code in two
! straight sets, the first. 6—3, giving him
Ino apparent labor. The second set was
: -won. B—6. after a protracted struggle.
Walter McGavin defaulted to Dr. Root.
i The finals between Dr. Root and George
: Bradshaw proved an easy victory for
i Bradshaw, the score reading 6—2. 6—3.
The preliminaries of the third class
were: Beal defaulted to Mann; Henly
! was defeated by Cornell, 6—2, 6—3. John
i son defeated Mann, 6—o, .B— 6; Salisbury
! defeated C. Smith, 5—7. 6—3, 6—4; Broem
i mcl defeated Fuller, 6— 4, 6—3, and Cornell
' defeated Moore, 6— 2, 7— The semi-finals
were victories for Salisbury over John
son who defaulted, and Cornell over
Bro'emmel, 6—2, 6—l. The finals of the
third class went to Salisbury, who de
i feated Cornell in two straight sets,
6-0, 7-5. . - . ■■' ;' : ■■•-. '■ .
~«~
THIRTY HORSES BURNED.
Jeff Powers' Willows Stable Con
sumed by Fire in the Mission.
j The Willows stable, owned ~ by . Jeff
' Powers, on Mb%pn street, between Seven
" teenth and Eighteenth, was destroyed by
: ! fire early this morning. .
I The Fire Department quickly responded
: I to an alarm turned in from box 144, but
• ' when It arrived the building was a mass
| of flames, and an effort to save thirty
• : two horses which were imprisoned proved
i futile.
Two finally escaped, but were badly
! : burned. The remaining thirty perished.
' At 3 o'clock the fire was under control.
— — — ■ ♦ • — " I
DEMOCRATIC HEADS
MAY BE CUT OFF
Revenue Collector Lynch Said to Be
About to Make Numerous
Removals.
LOS ANGELES. May HO.— John C.
Lynch, Internal Revenue Collector, who
holds the most profitable Federal position
in the State, will to-morrow attend the
annual meeting of the Sixth District Ag
ricultural Fair Association and will suc
ceed himself by unanimous consent as
president of that organization. It is said
to-night a resolution will be introduced
at the meeting of the association that will
forever bar coursing, on the grounds.
This movement has the hearty indorse
ment of the directors.
The fact is apparent from the anxiety
on the part of many politicians that the
presence of Lynch is of greater Import
than surface ripples indicate. It is said
by Lynch's Intimate friends that Presi
dent McKinley's recent order will give the
Collector an opportunity to fill a great
many places In San Francisco and Los
Angeles, now held by Democrats, with Re
publicans. The first that will go are the
gaugers, whose per diem is $5, exclusive
of traveling expenses.
JAMAICA'S LEGISLATURE
FAVORS RECIPROCITY
Three Delegates Will Be Sent to
Washington to Confer as to
Terms.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 30.— The
Legislature to-day decided to send three
delegates to Washington to discuss
reciprocity arrangements. They will go
with clear instructions from Mr. Cham
berlain that reciprocity cannot be enter
tained if an appreciable loss of revenue
be involved, as appears to him inevitable.
The Governor announced later that he
was opening correspondence with the Ca
nadian Government to establish a direct
quick steamship service between Canada
and Jamaica for the development; of
trade. The Legislature gave an assur
ance of a substantial subsidy. Trade de
pendence on the United States was felt to
be perilous, and the present tariff menace
is causing Jamaica to look for hope to
Canada. It is feared the United States
tariff will at no distant date exclude Ja
maica fruit in favor of Cuba and Porto
Rico. Money was voted for the estab
lishment of a West Indian trade agency
in Ottawa.
The Legislature also adopted resolutions
stating that owing to the adoption by the
United States of countervailing duties,
sugar cultivation should be saved from
actual extermination, and calling on the
imperial Government to act in unison
with the United States as the largest
two sugar-consuming markets in the
world to bring about an .abolition of
bounties.
KRUGER AND MILNER
WILL MEET TO-DAY
Elaborate Preparations for Their Be- j
ception at Orange Free State's
Capital.
BLOEMFONTEIN, Orange Free State,
May 30.— Sir Alfred Milner, Governor of
the Cape Colony and British High Com
missioner of South Africa, and President
Paul Kruger of the South African re
public, left Cape Town and Pretoria re
spectively this, morning for their meet
ing here to-morrow to consider the de
mands of the Outlanders. Great prepara
i tlcns for their reception have been made
here. A triumphal arch has been erected
outside the railway station and addressses
I expressing hope for a successful result of
j the conference will be presented to the
officials.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL..
C I, Brown. Red HluffiA J Hudson, Templetn
i O W K>ttl.>well. S Rsa J M Morris. Boston
! V A Daroux. BactO . P Q Bluhm. Huston
W S Jenkins. Sonora jT Cox. Napa
W Moduli*. Dutch Fl C M Yates. S Clara
J B Hall. Ohio ill Thorp. BactC
F J Pogee, Ohio J T -Rogue. Murysvllle
T O'Brien. Cat J P Onstalt. Yuba Cy
A Flbush. Oakland iE C Newreich. Sacto
H A Clark. Oakland. J W Wood. <'al
O W Yates & w. Minn 8 S Hall. SaotO
C Hegrard, Fresno X E < 'undo, Sacto
H Fronmuller & w.NY 8, A Chase. Wis
R R Dorr. St Paul J Harrington & oak
R C Shaw. Cal S D Harm * w. Term
H E Flsk, Chpo W E Johnson. Anrtoch
X D Josephl, N V Mrs I, B Warren. N V
J Jacobson. NT C G Warren. X T
\V I^autenbaeb. NY H C fNward. Sonora
C Wetmore. Bnlaun Mrs CM Paine. Sacto
U Atwood. Mokne Hill Mrs Q II Clartc. Sacto
Mies Iv Cordes. Stktn ij c Fireman. n V
]> I" fctewart. Chgo I
PALACE HOTEL.
C A Sheets. San Jose Mrs H<»rKfif>ld. N V
A S Levy. N V I Mrs S H*>inhart. S Mon
H .1 Dyaa, NY P }saer. Chgo
A Mordecia. USA .iF S Macomber. Sonora
Mrs Mordecla, USA ,L Rodjcers. Salinas
Mlsa Mordecia. D i? A A 11 McKay. Mok Hill
C B Beardsley. Chgo .15 V Norrls. Ch*o
X J Snow. N V Mrs B F Norris. Chgo
Mrs E.l Snow. NY A L Levlnsky, Stktn
i S A Reed. N V W Peyton, S Cruz
1(i w Reed. Berkeley F" Maytnam. Stunford
j J Jacobson. N V H Welnstock. Sacto
I Q I BrlgX*. NY R A Penrose. Ariz
A Macarthey, Kenwd a L Sulvakt. Texas
A M iAUtroback. N V T Minturn. Mlnturn
F M Mondell, Wy A I»nRlnl, Baltimore
■ Mrs Mondell, Wv CM Myer. N V "
( B Bersfleld, NY '
NEW WESTERN" HOTEL.
D Young, Santa Rosa .1 If Daly. Boston
<" W Nelson. Boston C a Sinclair. Chgo
S A Hayes, Merced .1 Meertha. Pa
.1 II Viyael, Stockton A J Borsaeaa, Canada
.1 W Ellsworth. Cal W.E Bejivts. Sacto
8 M Falrdyee, Nev IT White. Racto
J L Coleman. Colfax T Alexander. Sacto
G II Field. Merced C S Hunt. Mich
J C Hrownsweney.Mex
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44, F. and a
A. M— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) M%_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third .If- "If jf
gree. TIIEO. .FROLICH. Sec. />T^
CROCKETT Lodge No. in, F. and A. ■
M. —D. 2 THIS (WEDNESDAY) A
EVENING. May 31. at 7:30 o'clock, Hv YV
.order of the W. M. /VN
H. FQRTRIEDE. Sec.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A~ m
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- J&
DAY) EVENING, May 31, at 7:30 3f
o'clock. Third desrrre. ■ f^^S
■ THEODORE E. SMITH. Sec.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and V. M.— m '
Calle:! meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) /V
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third lv- YV
gree. CD. HUNKER. Secretary. /^r>
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. H. Southwlck. In the North
Hill placer mine, near Milton. Calaveras I
County, to deposit tailings in Rich Gulch: ;
from T. B. Bennett, In the Ohio mine, near |
Wash, Plumas County, to deposit tailings on
n flat below the mine; from W. E. Duncan
Sr.. In the York Ranch placer mine, near
. Spanish Ranch. Plumas County, to deposit
tailings on a flat below the mine; and from
Alfred BchoHeld. In the Klondike mine, at
Whisky Diggings. Sierra County, to deposit
tailings behind the dam of the Washington
mine, in Slate Creek, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59, Flood build-
ing, San Francisco, Cal., on June 12 1899
at 1:30 p. m. .
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board I
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June. A. D. 1899, at 11 o'clock In the fore-
noon of said day, at the principal place 'of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of . Directors usually
i meets, namely, at the office of said Company
' number 827 Market st. In the City and County
of San Francisco, Stat« of California; that
! the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded Indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000). in
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to . complete the construction
of Its steamships : and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company: and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
. to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company. .'.';.
By order of the ■■ Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company. . ■
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
COACHMAN and gardener wants', situation:
careful driver: best city references; 5 years
In last place. ; Boi 17. Call office.
speciaiTkotices.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened,- $1* up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st;
BAD tenants ejected for S4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery. St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
ir. IDEM) v :-i( ks.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 93 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany, will be payable at the office of the com-
pany on and after THURSDAY, June 1. 18».
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY. Mar
16, 1899. at 3 o'clock p. m. ' .
■ E. H. SHELDON. Rerr»t<u-r.
EMI'LOVHKNT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment — Japanese. Chi-
nese. 42S Powell, nr. Sutter: ■ tel. Black "132 L
CHINESE and Japanese help: established 20
years: tel. Main ISO 7. ' Bradley A. Co.. 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS \VA\TIiU-KEJIALK.
C. R. HANSEN &CO .......Phone Grant 185
We have now on hand and open to engage-
ment two first-class Swedish, girls, cook and
second, . Just from New York;: best Eastern
references; Swedish cook,' .'> years last place
and many others. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary Bt. ' :  ' " - ' " • .
FIRST-CLASS, chambermaid wishes a ! situa-
tion; beat of references. J. F. CROSETT &
' ' CO.. 316 ; Sutter st.y-.:'. : ■-.'.. . - .1 ' .
1 AT ' the German Employment : Office, -.MRS.
LAMBERT. 41S ; Powell: St.. telephone Main
1 ? 5332, cooks, second girls, ; young, purse girls
■ ; : and girls to assist await j positions. ■ ■;. , ,
' SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
! WOMAN with a child I desires situation as
housekeeper; $10 to $15 per month: city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. _
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
' best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
'- LEN, 325 Slitter st. .'■' - '
FIRST-CLASS infant's. nurse desires situation:
3 years last place: city or country. MIsS
I CULLEN. 32.', gutter St. ■
FIRST-CLASS Waitress and parlor maid de-
sires situation; best references; city or coun-
try- MISS, CULLEN. 325 Stttter st.
GERMAN middle-aged woman: good cook and
houseworker: Jl2 to $15; references. ilKb.
NORTON, 313 Sutter at. ■ : ' . - __
SWEDISH, first^clafiß cook: 5 years' references;
city or country. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutler.
YOUNG Swedish girl; good cook and house-
worker- good references; strong ana willing.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
GERMAN second girl; good waitress and seam-
stress; city or country/. MRS. NORTON. 313
Slitter st. _ '^ • __
RELIABLE woman wants work by the day to
do washing, ironing or housecleaning. w 11
work reasonable. Please call or address 1036
Potrero aye., near Twenty-third St. .
WANTED— elderly American woman, house-
work in small family; small wages, qU y 'J_ e
or address. A. M. C. 124 Scott place, be-
tween Pacific st. and Broadway. ■
EASTERN woman of 30 wishes position as
managing housekeeper; good home more of
an object than wages; city or country. 29
Eddy st., room 15. first floor. %
COMPETENT girl wishes position as child's
or invalid's nurse; hospital experience from
New York. . 2313& Bush st.
1 SWEDISH cook wishes situation in American
family: $30 per month; city references. 22.
Lily aye. . . • —
COMPETENT woman; good cook; city or
country; no cards answered. Addres 1309
i Larkln St., between Pine and California.
WANTED— A situation by a competent woman,
general housework: city or country. Please
call 1095 Howard st. •
SITUATION wanted by a young trirl to do
housework and cooking. Call at 422 McAllis-
ter st.; wages $20. ■ ' *
AMERICAN lady would like a situation to do
chamberwork or infant's nurse; is willing ana
obliging. Call 995 Market St., room 7.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes a situa-
tion to do general housework; is willing and
obliging. Call 711 Natoma st.. over grocery.
2 NEAT young girls from the East wish gen-
eral housework; city or country. Please call
1007 Natoma st., near Eleventh.
EXPERIENCED woman wants work by the
day; *1 and car fare per day; references. Box
55, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes to do housework and plain
cooking In small family. 724',. McAllister st.
TWO Swedish girls wish situations, one to do
general housework, $25. one as cook, $30 per
month. 326 Lily aye.
SWEDISH girl would like a position as gen-
eral housework; is good cook or second work.
■ 16 Laskie St., between Eighth and Ninth.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes housework: wages
$10. Call 713 Central aye.. between McAllister
and Fulton sts. , .
EXPERIENCED cashier wants position; good
security or bonds given. 1026% Washington
St., near Powell: postal cards answered.
DRESSMAKER wishes work in families. $1 50;
dresses made over; suits made In 2 days. Ad-
dress 945 Sanchez st., near 23d. :
LADY would like plain sewing and mending to
do at home. S2l Mission st., room 1.
LADY would like position to do plain sewing
or . second work. 865^ Market, room 9. -
' WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $150 to $«
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414,* O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
THOROUGHLY competent stenographer and
typewriter, who has had experience in court
reporting and years of experience in otllce
work, wants employment; best of references;
city or country- Address F. 0., box 66, '-ill.
WORKING foreman on ranch wants situation;
married, one child; handy with all kinds of
tools; wife first-class cook and housekeeper.
Address box 84. Vallejo. Cal.
MAN and wife; first-class cook and laundress;
man in or out door work; hotel or private.
Address W. S., 1125'/_ Mission st.
MACHINIST helper and good hand for small
mechanical work.. G. CORNELL. 60 Third st.
COACHMAN and gardener; thoroughly compe-
tent and good, j careful driver; can milk
and do all other work around gentleman's
place. Box 896, Call office. ,
THOROUGHLY experienced salesman, now
representing the largest manufacturer In the
East, having moved his family to California,
desires to connect himself with some reliable
house to represent them in California; am
capable cf earning a good salary and will
not consider any line which will not pay It.
Address G. R. MOHR. Covina. Cal.
MARRIED couple wish places in country; man
good coachman: wife first-class cook and
housekeeper. Inquire Call Branch Office,
Kentucky and Twenty-second sts., Potrero.
YOUNG man will work on fruit orchard for $1
a day; must be steady place year around;
any part of State; well recommended. Box
80.1. Call office.
BAKER, foreman, with beat of references,
wishes place as such; city or country; bread
and cakes. Address Baker, 309 Third st.,
Oakland.
PROFESSIONAL gardener. Scandinavian, with
j first-class references, desires a situation. Box
i 342. Call. « ' ■
HELP WANTED— FUJI ALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO .Phone Grant ISS"
We want to-day 10 waitresses for best city
hotel?; $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 -Geary.
/WE want about June 15, 25 Southern California
waitresses for the best resort hotels In Cali-
fornia. C. R. HANSKX ft CO.. 104 Geary St.
HEAD waitress. $30; 10 waitresses for resorts
and springs. $20; 15 waitresses, different com-
mercial hotels, $20; 4 chambermaids, to wait,
$20; woman cook .for mountain resort, $40,
see party here;. 2 fancy ironers, $10 week;
plain ironer, $8 -week. .
FA M I LY D EPA RTM ENT. .
Woman cook for mining-town/ $20, fare paid;
house girl, small family, no wash. Martinez.
' $15, see. lady hero this morning; 40 competent
girls for cooking and housework, city and
country, $15 to $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
■ 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook, . Alameda, : $20 per month; cook
for a coffee parlor, city, $20. MISS CUL-
I.EN. 325 Sutter st. .
AN Ironer, $3 per week; apply early. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
COOK, slimmer resort, $25 per month." MISS
CULLEN; 325 Sutter st.
HKAD cook for institution. $40 per. month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl for Mayfleld. $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. "
YOUNG girl for chamberwork, sleep home, $12
per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
SECOND work for the country, $25 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
SECOND girl. $25 per month; 3 second girls,
city and country. $20 and $25 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. '
MOTHER and daughter. $35 per month; coun-
try;, see party here. .MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st. ■ ,
REFINED girl for upstairs work and taking
care of children. $25 per month; Alameda.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— EarIy ' this morning and see *lady
--, in . our office, two neat waitresses for ; coun-
try hotel, $20. fare advanced; also 3 waitress-
es for another hotel in country, . see boM at
our office; -these are ! nice places for wait-
resses If you want them to-day. J. F. CROS-
ETT •& CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— A large number of girls this morn-
ing to fill our several situations too numerous
to • advertise, such as German conks. $30;
second girls: nursery - governess and cooks
and housework- girls for the country. J." F.
•CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to wash dishes and do
cleaning; small country restaurant; $15 to $20.
MURRAY & READY, 684 and 636 Clay st
WOMAN .to do I cooking and : housework, no
washing, country < town, $25; ranch cook, $25,
. see party at our office » a. m. to-day. ' MUR-
RAY & READY,- 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOK and i housekeeper for a \ few men on a
ranch. $20. MURRAY ft READY. 634 and 636
Clay st. .- - - -■;.-, ■
CHAMBERMAID. . $15; housekeeper, short dis-
tance, $15; cook. $25: house girl, family of 2,
- $20.. MRS. NORTON. .13 Suitor st.
COOK, Sen Jose, 325; middle-aged woman,
■ country, $20; . woman to ■ cook in restaurant.
• $20; must sleep home; S young girls to assist,
$10 to $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sinter st. ■
WANTED— Id and waitress for ho-
tel in Truckee, $20 and • are advanced. W. D.
EWER & ' CO.. 62G Clay st. .- ..
WANTED— Middle-aged woman for housework,
■ small . family,', no washing, wages $15. 6SO
. Castro st. • '■* .. • ' :
WAIST and skirt hands. 1106 Market St., this
• morning. '■' ■" *
GERMAN girl ''■ to . assist ; In ' housework; small
\. family. Call afternoon. 543 Pine st. .
WANTED— A^ good girl - for ~ housework. .. 1126
; Turk st. ;' wages $12. ; '
HELP WANTED— Continued.
ELDERLY woman care for children in return ■
for good home and small ■ salary. Apply 90S
Sansorne St., top floor.
WANTED— GirI to cook and assist with house-
work. 2409 ■ Jackson . st. -. ' V
WANTED— good tailoress. Apply at T. J.
ROWLAND'S. 2132 Mission st.
WANTED — Girl for housework; German pre-
I ferred. 1053 Market St., upstair*. ■■
■ GIRL to make herself generally useful in deli-
cacy store. ' 619 Post st.
GIRL or woman; light housework: no cook-
ing; small wages; good home. 57S Sixth st.
GIRL wanted for general housework, $13 per
month. 911 Larkin st. ■
PANTS finishers and apprentices; paid while
learning;, good sewers. . 124 Turk st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; small family.
2504 Clay st. " '
WANTED— Neat girl for housework. 1542 Mc-
Allister St. -
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking;
small family. Call 10 to 12. 2243 Post st.
GIRL to assist in light housework. ISO 6 Ellis
street.
YOUNG girl to learn dressmaking; paid while
learning. 1318 Larkin st. ;
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking.
Call after 10 a. m., 720 Howard st.
MARRIED lady to take charge of small room-
ing house; free room rent. 417 Harrison st.
GIRL wanted for general housework; German
preferred: wages $10. 2650 Twenty-first st.
GIRL for light housework; good home. 138
Russ st.
WANTED— Good operator on custom coats;
steady work. 40 Ellis st., room 52.
STRONG competent German girl for cooking
and general housework. 317 Larkin st.
WANTED — A girl; good home to right party,
. with small wages. %7 Cypress St., Oakland.
FINISHERS, on pants. SSS Howard a*., over
bull court; steady work.
FINISHER on coats; steady work. 473 Te-
hama st.
Al PUPILS for select milliner}' school; trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
, guaranteed; terms easy; evening classes. 506
I Leaven worth St.
PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week; re-
spectable; moderate rate. 192 Seventh st.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment. Eaglcson Co.. 53.=: Market.
HELP WANTED— MALii.
TEAMSTERS, laborers, concrete mixers, track
. layers, $1 75 to $2 a day, fur the Coast Road
at Surf; free fare.
3 stonemasons, $3 a day, free fare; 5
headermen, $2 50 a day; benchmen, hammer-
men, drillers and Bhovelerß for the tunnel,
$2 25 and $2 a day; free fare.
3a teamsters and laborers for the Coast Road
at Rlverbank, Monterey County, $1 75 and $2
a day and free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NIGHT cook, $60; lj*oiler. $43; second cook,
plain hotel. $35; cook, $10 a week; night
short order cook, $7 a week; both fare 50c;
second . cook, plain hotel, $35; second cook,
mine boarding house, $35; dishwasher, $30; 2
dishwashers, same country hotel, $22 50; 2
dishwashers, same country hotel, $20; dish-
washer, hotel, city, $20; 5 dishwashers, res-
taurants, $23; pantryboy, springs, $15; pan-
tryman, restaurant, $20; baker's helper, coun-
try, $20. •
Head laundryman, hotel, $60 and found;
polisher and starcher. country steam laundry,
$50 and found; laundryman, . summer resort,
$30 and found; laundryman, springs, $30 and
found.
Head waiter, family hotel, $40 and found;
head waiter, springs, $40 and found;' working
head waiter, .mining town, $30 and fare ad-
vanced; night waiter, $40; waiter, stage sta-
tion, $23; 2 waiters, same plain country
hotel, $23.
Gardener and porter, summer resort, $25 and
found; Catholic gardener, for an Institution,
$30 and found; houseman, country hotel, $20;
3 elevator boys, $10 and found; boy for
store, $4. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH for a camp, $35 and found;
blacksmith's helper, $30 and found; painter,
' $30 and found; 2 well diggers, $26 and found;
4 farmers, $30; choreman, $25.
Woodsmen, screw setter. $50; 3 fellers, $40
and found; axmen, $26 and found; cross-
cutters, $35 and found; sniper, $2 a day; labor-
ers, $30 and found; see boss here; strong boy
for a store, $4 a week; and others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GARDENER with good reference* for -private
place. $30 and found. C. It. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
COPY OF TELEGRAM 5ENT..........
....;; MAYOR W.C. FLOWER...
:.... ..NEW ORLEANS
No room for colored help in California.
Don't agitate it.
-.; MURRAY & READY,
California Labor Agents.
TO-DAY FROM 7 A M WE WANT
3564 men. from $95 to $15 per month and found
136 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, at $26,
$23 and $20 and found.
25 chore men and boys for ranches
$25, $20, $15 and $10 and found
16 milkers and butter makers
$30, $25 and $20 and found
12 haymakers, different jobs
$42 and found 2 and 4 horse teamsters
$42 and found
35 laborers, city jobs
! $1 75 day and $30 and found
12 men and boys to pick fruit, Santa Clara Co.
6 gold miners $75
29 laborers for gold mines $60
109 laborers for sawmill, fare paid
...: $26 and found
6 bark peelers, $26 and found; 5 tree fellers,
$40 and. found; 2 head donkey men, $40 and ]
found; 3 spool tenders .„
25 crosscut sawyers $35 and found
. 2 redwood peelers, $2 day; shingler, city Job..
Log fixer, $2 day; sticker hand, $40 and found.
12 2-horse teamsters, city jobs .
..$26 and found and $1 75 day
12 laborers, Pnn Mateo County ....$2 day
10 laborers, fare $1, no experience '.
$2 to $2 50 day
12 blacksmiths* and horseshoers for shops,
camps, ranches, etc., $3 and $2 50 day and $50,
$40 and ?30 and found; 2 helpers
Painter, carriage works $3 day
6 carpenters, near city... ...$2 50 day
Young man in carriage shop $40 and found
2 milk wagon drivers $35 to $40
Gardener, $30... Driver, city delivery wagon...
197 tie makers, tools furnished. .Sc to 12c each
264 woodchoppers, tools furnished— s2 to $1 cord
3 plate splitters 3 block makers, $2 50 day
Machinist, country shop $2 50 day
2 diamond dri11er5............... $3 io day
197 laborers and teamsters, near city
:••■•• $2 and $1 75' day
22 laborers. Monterey Co., fare paid. .sl 75 day
12 teamsters, Monterey Co., fare paid. ..s2 day
FOR EVERY RAILROAD IN CALIFORNIA
Some other States: altogether we want 936
laborers and teamsters, $2 and $2 50 day 190
drillers and harness men, $2.50, $3 and $2 25
day .
ALL .... FREE FARE ......OFFICE FEE $1
FREE T0.... L0S ANGELES DISTRICT....
Four and two horse teamsters....
• ••• .'.....; ..;■ $1 75 and $2 day
• Laborers Drillers $175, $2 to $3 day
All free fare...... Office fee $1
Phone Main u5W........ MURRAY & READY.
.'.Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
_ • ••••• ••• .634-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE.. .....T0-DAY FREE FARE
And every day, via S. P. R. R., Coast
Division
:.. Drillers : ..Office fee $i
.Hammermen ...; Office fee $1
Laborers ; Office fee $1
Two and four, horse teamsters Office fee $1
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS ..... DISHWASHERS
IS cooks for hotels, boarding houses, camps
ranches, springs, mines, $60. $50, $40 $30 $ 5
and found; 8 waiters, different jobs, ' $30 ' $25;
$20 and found; 27 dishwashers, $25 120 and
$15 and found ....'..........
4 camp and mine waiters. $25 and found
Roustabout for miner's hotel $23 and found
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
PORTERS ....... BAKERS .......BUTCHERS
3 porters, different jobs, hotels, $20 and $15
and found; baker shop, country. $35 and
found: 4 assistant bakers. $2'>, $30 - and $20
and found - .
Elevator boy ..:........... .......Boy for store
: 2 butchers for a ranch/fare $1.-830 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-036 Clay St.
WANTED— « drift gravel minors. $40 and
board; 2 quartz miners, $2 50 day; timberman
for mine. $2 75 day; blacksmiths. $30 and $40
and board' and $60; Ironmolder for country,
' $3 day; screw turner for mill. $70. .1. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Farmers. $25 and $80; milkers, $25.
$26 and $30: choreman, J2O: sheep, herder. $20;
3 Jackscrewerp. $32 60; laborers for wood*. $26;
laborers for mines, railroad and tunnel work.
J26 and $1 75. $2 and $2 50 day: timber fellers,
$40. .1. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento.
WANTED— ■Butler. $3.1 and found; cooks, wait-
ers. ■ kitchen men. dishwashers and others.
.1. F. CROSETT & CO.. C2S Sacramento st.
WANTED— in 1 miners who understand running
power drills: three-quarter fare advanced;
wages $3 50 a day; see boss In city. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— A neat butler for private family,
. $35. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Coachman for gentleman's place.
near city references required, $30 per month ;
and found: 3 laborers for mine. $45: tool sharp-
ener for mine, see boss here. *2 2." per day:
3 drillers for same place, $2 25 per. day;. 2]
miners. ■ $?23 per day: farmers and haying;
hands, near City. $1 25; milkers, near city,
' .'s2s and $30: 10 men for brickyard, near city.
free fare, $30 per month and board; crosscut
. sawyer for first-class Job near city. $30 and
board, and others. W. D. EWER & C 0.,: 626
■ Clay st. . ■/ : '■'■■ ■'.'■■■■■■■ \ .■■
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper, for mine, • $2
• per day: 6 laborers for good mine. $2 per day:
10 laborers for brickyard, long job, $26 in $30
and board, v W. D. EWER & ' CO.. 626 Clay.
YOUNG man with $125 can make $75 a month;
good security. Call to-day, 625 Montgomery at.
.HELP WAXTED-Contlnned.
WANTED— Cook for country hotel, near city,
$40; waiters for railroad house, fare ad-
vanced, $23; cook for small hotel, near city,
$30 to $10; kitchen hands and others; miners,
drillers farmers', milkers and others. R. T.
WARD & CO.. 610 Clay st.
COOK, apply early. MISS CULLEN, 325 J
Slitter st. ■
FIRST-CLASS butler. $10 per month; an Eng-
lish second butler. $30. per month, good place.
Miss CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— Men accustomed to working on
Jacks and track in connection with steam,
shovel; location of work. Point Richmond.
Apply to JAMES a. McMAHOX, 210 Spear st.
WANTED— Steady man to keep plain accounts
find assist in light work: must have $123 cash
and be satisfied with $15 per week. Western •
Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$16 A WEEK to sober Industrious man with
small cash capital; no experience necessary;
light work, Western Investment Co., 9 Geary.
BRIGHT, intelligent young man having experi-
ence In canvassing: good pay. Call 526 Tele-
■graph aye.. Oakland, room 7, 9 to 12 a. m.
YOUNG man, German preferred, for saloon;
must draw beer and wait at table. Box 57,
Call office.
WANTED— man for nursery and florist busi-
ness: wages from $15 to $30" and found. Call
1570 Market st.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 30; new shoes,
slightly damaged half price 562 Mission St..
bet Ist and 2d gts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
HANDY men, moderate wages, for fence writ-
Ing, painting and doing chores. Apply room
11, 632 Market st.
BARBER wanted: steady. 39^ Turk st.
WAITER wanted. 217 Sixth st.
SOLICITORS to take orders for renovating
carpets; new process. 1171 Mission st.
GOOD agents wanted. Address SI KLEGG.
General Postofnce, San Francisco, Cal.
LUNCH waiter wanted. NE. corner Howard s.
and Beale sts. . 1
BARTENDER wanted; German. Please call .
at 53 Third St.. between 10 and 11.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 406 Ell st.
GOOD waiter wanted at Fifth St.: call
early. .... : v
BOY from 14 to 17 years of age. 246 Sutter st. t
room 14.
WANTED— An elevator boy at 29 Stockton st.
BARBER for Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day. 222 Gough st. :■-. ' :: .--~ ■'■,
SALESMEN— S4OO a month and all expenses
guaranteed selling to merchants Arctic re-
frigerating machines for cooling refrigerators;
guaranteed 75 per cent cheaper than ice; ex-
clusive territory assigned. Arctic Refrigerat-
ing Co., Cincinnati, O.
MEN wanted — Laborers, drlllmen and team-
sters on railroad work; blankets and bedding
free; fare from Oakdale to Sonora free. Ap-
ply to A. E. BUCKMAN. 302 Montgomery st.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Teals,
coal mines, Alameda County Cal.; sufficient
new ground has been opened up during th«
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor is required.
and miners unaccustomed to pitching vein*
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO.. R. H. Nor-
ton, superintendent.
RAILROAD teamsters wanted on the Valley
road; apply at Stone's camp, near Giant sta-
tion; wages. $1 75 to $1 90; also first-class
tunnel men: apply at Point Richmond: wages
$1 75. $2 and $2 50. E. B. STONE. San Pablo.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $3
per day and expenses paid; cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco, Cal.
GOOD coppersmith; permanent employment to
the right man. Box 768, Call office.
WANTED — men to occupy rooms; 10c pep
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
TAILOR wanted at OTTO KAISER'S, corner
Baker and Greenwich sts.
MEN to work about steam shovel; also track-
men, dumiimen and trainmen, for Point
Richmond. JAMES A. McMAHON. 210 Spear.
BUTCHER wanted at 146 Second St.; call
early.
WANTED — Barber to buy a shop with fine liv-
ing rooms; good business; 'cry cheap. 618
Clay St., G. A. TROST. __^
BARBER wanted. 108 Fourth st. ; $4 guaran-
teed. : __
BUSH, 421, above Kearny— Choice rms.; gas
and stationary washstand; 15c, 25c up.
200 CLEANEST rooms in city; 13c to $1 night;
90c to $3 week. New Grand, 246 Third st.
FIRST-CLASS tunnel superintendent; good sal-
ary references required; state experience.
Apply box 7843. Call office. .
PAINTER, whitener, paperhanger, who will
take work out In rent. Address box 19. Call.
WANTED— 4 camp blacksmiths for general
work. Apply to E. B. STONE. Elmhurst.
BARBER shop for sale in Healdsburg. J. M.
KEYES. ■ ■
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at Devisa-
dero and Broadway, city.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and i
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
_, : ■ -•
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138% Eighth st. >'
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 250
per night. Lindell, and Howard: read. mx.
ELLIS. 321 (Roßedale House)— l6o rooms, day.
week or mo.; rates, 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers: reading room.
PENSIONS— J. H.« SHEPARD & CO., attorneys
— Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel, Jessie 1164.
SINGLE rooms, • 15c, 20c. 25c. per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House. 863% Market st.
TRY Acme House. 967 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— for Hawaiian Islands Ma-
nila Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent, 504-506 Davis st. . _
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room: frea
•bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 gutter st.
AGENTS WASTED.
SELL Magic Heel Protectors, sample * ( ? : i>? I (I
Leather Lustra sam. 2,1. BROWN. 332 Bush.
FLATS WASTE D.
FOUR-ROOM flat wanted steady tenants; two
adults; $10 to $12 rent. Box 22.>. Call office.
~ ROOMS AID HOARD WANTED. _
TOUNO gentlemm wants
board in small German famib near Fifth
■and Market sts. Box .14. Call office.
.WASTED- MISCELLANEOUS.
TO trade— High-grade wheel for young horse, •
T 0 weigh about 1 pounds. Box 302, Call. .
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst. • ■
AMATEUR musician* to Join orchestra, for so-
cial purposes. 328 Bush St.. room 4.
LiJIICATIONAL. . .
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics. ■
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice.
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 21
teachers, - day and evening; catalogue free. -
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
AYRES' Business Collese. 723. Market at.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc. : life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
MERCANTILE College, room 60. Flood build-
ing. S. H. TARR. Principal: pupils fitted
for all office work; course in bookkeeping;
rapid calculations unequaled; - short time.
_^__™^_—^^____ — _ .^__ ~ -
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mkt- ,
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.: day & eve.:
• est. ISM. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. -S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland ; day and night; correspondent*.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing %
.specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hjde.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
lness College. 305 Larkin st..jopp. City Hall.,
• SEWING- MACHINES;
FOR sale— 60; Singer shoe-patching machine
Apply 106 Ninth st. " "
$2 MONTH rented: repaired, bought, sold; "
. 'machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone .Mint 43.- '
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer. White cheap-
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought Id. exchanged, rented; re* "
.pairing at lowest rales. 203 Fourth st. ;nCSINES CHANCES. J
A— s32so: CORNER saloon, with 5 furnished
rooms; established ears; everybody knows
this as a money-making place; never clears !
linn than fL'.'d per month; owner wants to 1
make a triu to Europe. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. sw> Market st.
-fo -$300; BRANCH Bakery in -the Mission; 4
T living rooms; rent $20; a good paying place;
/ clears about $100 per month. R. G. WILKE.
*<§ Market el.
A— J1000; PARTNER wanted in detective
asency; the oldest i.!>..! best established bu-
reau In this city, all R. G. WILKE. 90S
Market st. °HfTW
A— J.Vifl; SALOON doing a good business; Mar-
ket and Seventh Hts. ; rent $40; a btrgain. R.
_ G -"' AVILKE - yOfi Mark st.
A-SoOO; SALOON, doing a first-class business; '
estab. years; 50 feet from Call bldg.; account
of sickness. Particulars R. G. Wilke, 90S Mkt. j
A— sl6oo; CORNER grocery and bar; living
rtns.; one-half block from Wieland's Brewery; !
dally receipts about $26; cash trade only; a
rare chance. Cali K. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
J4SO— BRANCH bakery and stationery store In
the Mission; living rooms; rent $1S; average
daily receipts *10. Call R. G. WILKE. S»M>
Market st.
J2oo— CORNER saloon; rent $35; California and
Market .-is. R. G. WILKE,. 906 Market St.
SiCßi— Restaurant; daily receipts $20; rent,
$21. Call It. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
$SOO— FIRST-CLASS day and night saloon north
of Market; good business location; disagree-
ment of partners cause of . ale. m, la I GH-
1-I.N & CU., 777 Market st.
?-."Ii)— PARTNER wanted; light indoor business;
will pay over 56 (per month to each yearly.
__McLAI.GHLIN & CO., 777 Market St.
A— s3so; CANDY and ice. ream parlors Market
ft.; $1S dally. KREDO & CO., 22V4 Geary Ft.
A— s22G; BRANCH bakery and notions: ■■ dally;
stock. KREDO &; CO., 22'j Geary st.
A— sS;o; RESTAURANT; fixtures am! furnish-
ings; daily rcpt9 $40. Kredo & Co., 22' i Geary,
J4oo— PARTNER; coiner saloon In Mission; do-
ing business $400 to $r.uo per month; everything
J rst-class. JONES & CO., SGS Market st.
\.;O— SALOON; north Market; doing good busi-
ness; owner sick; must sell. JONES & CO.,
165 Market st.
$12i»— HOTEL; clears $150 per month.
$J2;o— Salocn; clears $250 per month.
$Sso— Stationery; clears $125 per month.
$"X'C — Saloon: clears $100 per month.
NATIONAL AGENCY, 7S3'i. .Market st.
MILLINERY and dressmaking parlors at your
ovn price; rrcpritturs sick. GERMAX-
AMEKICAN. 34 Kearny st.
A— JIJUO; GROCERY ami bar; centrally located;
sacrifice to-day. COWING & CO., fAi Market.
RARE bargain— A tirst-elass hand laundry for
sale; doing business from *«') to 570 a week;
can clear from $30 to $40. Address box 4.".. Call.
FOR SALE— Restaumnt: good location; cheap
rent; receipts $15 to $20 dally; any reasonable
offer accepted. Address box SS, Call office.
?200— PARTNER wanted in established busi-
ness; " places to look after; plenty of work;
no experience.; trial given. 265 O'Farrell St.
31AROAIN— Notion, stationery and candy store;
near school: cheap rent. 1105 Buchanan st.
WANTED A good- reliable modern grocery
clerk, familiar with the business and the city,
having $2000 cash to go In partnership with a
wholesaler and run a branch store In a very
good location secured ahead and ready to
open. Apply with references to box 306, Call.
GRUB stake by practical miner for new gold
fit Ids; Lower California; fortune for both.
Address box 27<. Call office, Oakland.
FOR HALE— Good ' paying candy route, with
horse and wagon'; all in good condition. Ap-
•
$130— BRANCH bakery, notion, stationery,
grocery, on account sickness. Box 303, Call.
A SACRIFICE— OId established fruit store;
. good chance. 130 : lighth st. : no agents.
' GROCERY and bar in Mission at inventory;
owner going to Manila; cheap rent.' Apply
1(06 Mission st.
THE best-paying liome bakery in the city; suit-
able for man and wife or two ladles. Box
GOOD-PAYING stationery store; fine location.
Inquiie CUNNINGHAM, CURTISS &
WELCH. 321 Sansome st.
FOR sale— Delicacy and dairy produce busi-
ness; a good place for man and wife; will
be soid at a sacrifice. Box 740, Call.
BAKERY in country town, doing good business i
outside and inside. Apply Call office.
IST-CL'ASS saloon. East st., nr.Market: account
'• ill health. Lane & Connelly, 204 Market st.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar. Apply cor. Precita
aye. ami Folsoni st.
FOR pale— Old established restaurant; cheap.
I3ti.Jt\>lk *t.. .
$300— GOOD-PAYING saloon in business center
of city. Inquire Call office.
PHOESHOP must be sold: good paying busi-
ness; 1 room furnished; good prices. 332 Bush.
HOTEL in Mayfield, 13 rooms, all furnished;
rent $10. H. M. COVERT. 425 California st.
$I:s— GO< iD-PAYING candy crisp business for
sale; a snap; investlcate. ISOS Central aye.
SALOON and 6-room lodging-house, completely
furnished, for sale. SO Jackson st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.?. 415 Sacramento «t.
hOUTE CD this paper lor tale. Acpiy tali \
cfflce.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
*1 15-ROOM house; worth $500 $250
* 16-room house; on sixth st 550
2S ro3m». sunny corner; clears $200 1100
26-room house In Oakland; only 850
50 rooms; best corner in the city 1800
10 rooms; on Jones; worth $1000 500
14 rooms: on Taylor st. (good) 550
24 rooms: on Howard st 450
ad-room boarding house; clears $300 2250
1020 MARKET ST. 1020 MARKET ST.,
;-.: H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market st. ■ 1020 Market st.
$175 LODGING house of II rooms for sale.
Call 226 Third Ft., in bakery, near Tehama.
FOR sale cheap— House; 9 rooms: good order;
Felling on account sickness. 276 Minns Ft.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined, j
t&Oc. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for tale; also wagons, buggies. |
cart?, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market. ,
??7 Sixth st. ; aucticn sales every Wednesday. ,
f-I'LLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived, two carlcads well-broken bunl- :
n*ss and work horses. Chase & Mc-ndenhall.
successors Kllllp & Co.; salesyard, 1732 Mkt.
SIX young draft horses for sale at M Hubbard
st. ; cheap..
FOR sale — 40 horses and mules at old Turk-st. |
rar Ftnbleo. 1201 Turk Ft.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SETS tecond-hand harness; wagons, carts, j
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Fnlsom at. :
FOR «*—-««* KI.I.AWKOUg.
IJOIITeRR, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me- j
INTOSH & WOIiFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
"WANTED— Parties to buy half Interest In gold j
4. quartz mine; rich ore; free milling: steam !
Aioißt; shaft and drills. C H. STREET, 303 i
Examiner building. i
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters, !
I linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand. j
J.- NOON AN, .1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st., !
above Sixth. j
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors, |
bought. ro!d and exchanged. 1O«3 Mission, st.
T • N OVERSTOCK — :
st Germain Billiard Co., 409 Market st.; all |
styles, new and id-hand tables, bar fixtures, 1
supplies: best beer pumps: cheap; installmts. .
80-Mli.E-POWER field and marine glass; cost
originally $35: to lie sold now for $14. At
UNCLE HARRIS", 15 Grant ave^
NATIONAL cash register and fire-proof safe ;
* for talc- cheap. IS Main tit., S. F. ■
sRESs"pants, J2 95; fine suits. s3 S3. Misfit Cloth- i
ing Parlors. £13 Montgomery, Commercial. I
FOR sals— Cheap; bakery and notion store. 909 ;
Bryant st. j
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100, 2 h. p. 5123, 3 i
a, p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co., 527 Mission. 
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, scrap iron and
metals bought. S. F. I. V.. 204 Mission St.. |
LAUNDRY plant, complete: boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S. BIG Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Beale St.
SAFES— AII sizes; new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
POLYPHONB attachment (only). $15; will >
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand, all ]
sizes; half original ccst. 109-111 Market. S. F. j
L STORAGE. .
<.ALA."~Storage.Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; tsieds guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Of nee. 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711. j
PERSONALS.
IF ARCHIE MORRISON, formerly of Wheat-
land, Cal., will write to his father he will
hear of something to his advantage. HUGH
MORRISON. -
YOUNG healthy mother would like to wet
nurse. Address box 369, Call office. ■
LEDERER'S Quintonica. a rare hair tonic, 55c
bottle; cleanses the scalp; see great window
display this week. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S artistic hairdressers have that
touch which makes a coiffure stylish; price
25c ; switches, $1 up; open Sundays and holi-
days 9 to 12 a. m. 123 Stockton st.
LINCOLN BROS!
Sell S lbs coffee. $1; 12 cans table peaches,
$1; 2.". cans sardines. $1; 12 cans oysters.. $1;
20 lbs rice. $1; 4 rolls butter, $1: 20 cans devil-
ed ham. $1: 60 cakes soap, $1; 25 lbs prunes or
pears, $1; 2(Tlbs cornstarch, $1; 5-lb can bak-
ing powder, $1; 10 lbs cheese, $1: flour. 75c
sack. LINCOLN BROS.. Cash Grocers. 226
Sixth m.. above Folsom.
A— ELEGANT ladies' tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. H. KRAMER, 20 San-
some st.
LADIES' tailor-made suits. $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., 1814 Market st. Open evenings.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private Individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr, 2nth; Guerrero st. cars; tel. Blue 931.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITANI. 313 Sutter st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms-
2fc to $1 60 Der night: $1 GO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
1000 ENVELOPES, billheads, cards, noteheads
or statements printed, $1 50; send for sam-
ples. BLEY, printer, 511 Sacramento st. •
phone Main 1536.
T. BRILLIANT. 335-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods,- tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladles' tailor-made suits; low
prices; easy payments. 'Eastern Outfitting
Co., cloak and suit dept., 1306 Stockton st.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. _2L_ Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr.Gordin.sl4 Pine, Kearny.
FOLDING beds $8 £0; bedrm sets $B;bed lounges
$4 60; open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth.
WANTED— gold for manufacng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. ?4< O'FnrrPll. bet. Powell <- Mason
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 387 Geary St.: dresses made, $5
up: perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyance; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st. *
Miss HODGE, materializing seance Wednes-
day evening, 8 o'clock, 50c. 330 Ellis st.
MRS. MANDENA. clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; satisfaction or no pay. 234% Sixth.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate-
writing medium. lIS Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon., 8; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia St.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
toller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. SYLVESTER, the celebrated clairvoy-
ant, palmist and card reader, returned from
abroad, opened parlors at 112 Mason st., near
Ellis: hours 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; open Sundays;
fee 25c: for ladles only; card reading at pri-
vate entertainments.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladles, 50c; gents, $1; sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. GORING, the powerful clairvoyant,
brings lovers together; settles domestic
troubles. 345 Fifth St.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis St., parlors 6 and 7.
MME. HANSON, palmist ar.d card reader;
past, sent and future; 25c. 148 6th. rm. 12.
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
1065 Market St., room 2.
MME. ETTA RALPH, magnetist and psychom-
etrist: parlors 2 and 3, 935 Market st.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth Bt., rooms 2-3.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c; Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkln St., room 6.
MISS GREhN. card reading ana palmistry. 203
Post St., room '7.
MISS TESSIE GRANT, returned, card reader
and palmist. 36% Geary st., rooms 1 and 3.
MRS FRANKIE WILLIAMS has returned;
magnetist. 906 Market St., room 21.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission st. : clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c.
MISS MAY FOX, celebrated card reader. 304
Sutter M. |
JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader,
removed to 865% Market St.. rooms 8-9.
MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist.
Parlors 12 and 18, second floor. 865% Market.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE. clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned revealer. first
in her profession; never fails. 325 A Sutter st.
MISS OLLIE LAKE returned, palmist and
card reader. 118 Grant aye, r. 15. second floor.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS A. FAURE. card reader and palmist, 405
Kearny St., r. S4; French and English spoken.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. \ 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
M pages, In wrapper, for malllne. $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
malne. 616 Geary st., above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621: reading by mall. $1.
YOUR fate IS in your hand; scientific palmis-
try. MME. GERMAINE. 90C Market st.. r. 30.
A— WE BUSHNELL, the famous palmist.'
816 Bush St.. between Taylor and Jones.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless : extraction a specialty; Inferior
work dene on the teeth Is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure cold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— Sea our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber: crown and bridge work;
teeth without places our specialty: flexible
plates from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. corr"4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, S a. m.' to 10 p. m. ; Sunday 9 to 2
• p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts' and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings. 25c up; gold
crowns, $3: gold bridge*, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission St.. cor. «th.
VAN V ROOM— Painless dentistry; guarantee 10
years; lowest prices; 10 operators; no stu-
dents; painless extraction by electricity. '997
Market St.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; teeth without plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS. 8 Mason st.. corner Market.
NEW YORK dentist, 9C9 Mission St., corner
Sixth. . • : .
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling, 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open ev'gs. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st ■
..MINING ENTERPRISE.
TO the new gold fields, Lower California—
Dewey Navigation and Trading Company will
dispatch a fast vessel to Todos Santos and
Asuncion Bay, Lower California, the early
part of June with passengers and freight;
accommodations for 150 passengers; call early,
as only few berth? left. CHAS. F. BLAN-
DIN. President. 10 California St., room 5.
~~ PHYSICIAN S. ~~
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
• 1021 ft Market at., bet. 6th and 7th.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAT 31, 15 99.
HOUSES TO LET.
BAT WLxlom^HOUS&^nr^eTrT^r^ear
Fourth Bt. ; 4 rooms: rent $10; water free.
Apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. •
NW. COR. Guerrero and Twenty-first sts.; fine
house of 12 rooms; large grounds, stable, etc.;
in splendid condition; warm, sunny place.
TWENTY-FIRST St.. near GuerreTO," two fine
houses, 3356 and S3SS; 7 rooms; in first-class
condition. ■'
FURNISHED HOUSES TO L*IET.
PARTLY furnished house; modern conv'ces;
2533 Mission. Apply room 8. Flood building.
FLATS TO LET.
A.-M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
FLATS. COTTAGES.
431 4th aye., 6-r $15 1245 Sanchez. 5-r.. 513 50
1217 Pacific, 5-r 13 1241 Sanchez. *-5-r.... 13
318 Pt Lobos, 6-r.. 12 501 315 Jersey, 5-r 13
1914 Union. 5-r .....12 4218 26th. 5-r IS
328 Lombard. 5-r.... 1213993 Army, 4-r 8
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. •
I FRANKLIN. 714, near Golden Gate aye.—
Lower bay-window flat; 4 large rooms; bath;
yard.
LEAVEN WORTH.- 1519— Upper fiat. 5 rooms;
gas; bath: modern Improvements. '
MCALLISTER, 1441— Handsomely furnished up-
per tlat; 7 rooms and bath; reasonable to de-
sirable party. Apply 9:30 to 3. - .
SIXTEENTH, near Howard- Nice, clean sunny
upper flats; 7 rooms and bath; $16; repairs to
suit. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY bay-window flat. 6 rooms and bath;
electric and cable pass the door; rent re-
duced. 4"M Eighteenth st.
TWENTY- FOURTH aye., 210— 4-room flat; part-
ly furnished if desired; fine marine view;
cheap rent. ■
UPPER flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent reason-
able. 244 Oak st. -
UPPER fl^t. 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry;
ttcrerocm: $12. 24!* 1 Clay St.. near Ktllmore.
$8 UPPER flat of 4 rooms: sunny side. 472
Linden aye.. near Lagruna and Hayes sts.
6 ROOMS. $14; cottage, 4 rooms, $10. Key 623
Second St.. corner Rlncon aye.
$10— LOWER flat of 4 sunny rcoms. 27 Pearl
st., off Market, near Valencia. .
$16— 5-ROOM upper flat. 4140 Twentieth st.,
near Castro.
: 4591, 45>7A EIGHTEENTH St., near Hattie— i
rooms and bath: $10 and $12.
FURNISHED FLATS.
LOVELY furnished flat; fine marine view. 1217
Leavenworth St.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— 2 LARGE sunny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; 2 folding beds, one in kltcii-
en, one in bedroom; $10 per month, $2 50 per
week: furniture all new. Apply at shoe store.
562 Mission St., bet. First and Second sts.
A — TWO large sunny rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping, $8 per month. $2 per
week. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mission st,
between First and Second sts. .
AT 14A Geary St., a completely furnished suite
for housekeeping: closets and running water
in both rooms; $20; also other rooms cheap.
BUSH, 140S, near Van Ness— 3 nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping, $20. _^___
CAPP, 614, near Twenty-first— sunny com-
fortable connecting rooms; yard.
CLAY, 1723. near Van Ness aye.— To let. 3
rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
EDDY, 305— Large front housekeeping; also
single rooms; private family; reasonable.
FILLMORE. 2017— 512: 2 furnished rooms for
housekeeping, with bath, wash room; yard.
Fi 'IS' >M. 523— Parlor floor flat of 3 large rooms;
furnished complete for hskpg; use of piano.
GEARY, 1317— $18; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath; 2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404— Elegant parlor suite,
vacant after June 1; references.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050— 2 well-furnished
Bunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
gas stove; use of telephone.
HARRISON, 946— Pleasant sunny front rooms
for housekeeping, only $8 a month.
HOWARD, 761V4— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window and other rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD. 640, nr. 3d— Sunny bay-window rms;
also single; 25c, 75c night; $1. $2 50 week.'
HOWARD. 2971. near 26th— 2, 3or 4 sunny un-
furnished: rooms; convenient; large closets.
HYDE, 129 — nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow rooms, complete for hskpg.; single; reaa.
HYDE. — 2 to 4 connecting housekeeping
rooms,* complete with gas and range. $3 to $16.
KEARNY, 104— Front suite unfurnished, $10;
front suite and kitchen furnished, $20.
LEWIS, IS, off Taylor, near Post— 3 unfurnished
sunny rooms; also 2 rooms; cheap.
MARKET, 102&— Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed, closet, $12; 2 unfurn., $5.
MINNA, 546—2 sunny connecting furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; corner house;
| rent ch«ap.
MINNA. 546 — One. two or three rooms complete
for housekeeping; sunny.
MISSION. 821— Large front room and kitchen,
complete for housekeeping, $3; furnished
room, *2.
PAGE. 26S— Three sunny front connecting
rooms, complete housekeeping; gas; bath; $14.
POLK. 608—2 or 4 sunny unfurnished rooms on
bathroom floor; private residence.
PROSPECT place, 123. off California, between
Stockton and Powell— 2 large sunny rooms;
housekeeping; Just renovated and running
water; $10; private; German.
POWELL. 417—2 or 3 housekeeping rooms to
rent; reasonable.
j SIXTH, 10S— 2 sunny furnished rooms, suitable
for light housekeeping, $2 50 per week.
SIXTH, 420 8 ay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and en suite; bath; reasonable.
STOCKTON, 711— Nice furnished rooms for
housekpg, $8 to $10 month: other nice rooms.
STOCKTON. 1715—2 sunny rooms; furnished
| complete; yard; low rent. '
TEHAMA. 153. near Third— 3 rooms, parlor,
bedroom, dining-room and kitchen: all newly
and completely furnished for housekeeping;
rent $14; without ' furniture, $9; will sell the
furniture for $90. Key at JOHN APPEL'S,
IC3 New Montgomery at.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3278, near Valencia— Sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; renovated;
bath; laundry.
' VAN NESS aye., 904— Unfurnished sunny par-
lor?; also other rooms; housekeeping.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
tunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable. •
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service: elevator;
bath: rooms, 60c to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 16 Stockton St., "The Pup"— Nicely fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen.
BUSH, 717. near Powell— Furnished front room
with gas; 2 windows and balcony; $3 month.
BUSH, 1124— Beautiful rooms, $10 and $12; sun,
bath, running water; home comforts.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis,' cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
I EDDY, 917—2 or 4 nicely furnished, clean, con-
necting; gas range; splendid location. .
■ EIGHTH, 10H, near Market— Furnished front
rooms to rent.
FIFTH, 353 — Clean furnished rooms; 1 single,
$5; 1 double, $7; private family.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny front rooms; other
rooms; privilege light hkpg.; piano; 'phone.
GOLDEN GATE, 523 — Large front room suit-
able for 2; also single; private family; rent
reasonable. •
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.-
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week. , . - ■
HARRISON, 946— Pleasant sunny front rooms
for 2; also single rooms.
HOWARD, 827 A— front furnished room,
$2 per week. .
• HOWARD, 2971, near Twenty-sixth— One large
furnished sunny room, closet, $4 a month.
LARKIN. 706— Light sunny front room; light
housekeeping if desired.
LARGE sunny furnished room to, rent reason-
able. Call 865 Mission st.
MCALLISTER. 408—3 unfurnished rooms, bath,
$10; 1 large skylight room, cheap.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, .$1 per .week; transient. ■.
MISSION, Large nicely furnished sunny
room, $7; also front hall room, $5. ■ v,: :>l-'
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny : furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month. .
O'FARRELL. 208— Several nice furnished rooms
from 51 50 to $2 50 per week. .-:■••
O'FARRELL, 274, nr. : Powell— Elegant modern
sunny rooms, suite and single;* reasonable. \
ROOMS TO Continued..,
i „ ... . . . .. . , . .
POLK, 17— Sunny double or single rooms; $1 to
$3 per week. - ,
POST, 507— Pleasant furnlshrd sunny rooms;
rent reasonable; running water and gas.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
! ladies' parlor: rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50;
week. $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with not, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN . Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 136— Large front room suitable for
business; also rooms fdr light housekeeping.
THE WALDORF. 24 Fifth St.. near Market—
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1792.
VAN NESS, 904— Elegantly furnished alcove
and single room ;' reasonable.
. BOARDING AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First st— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $4 a week up; Swedish home.
LADY who has had much experience in board-
ing school abroad is going to start boarding
school for small children in Berkeley; Eng-
lish, French. German, music, drawing; best
care; terms, $25 a month. Box 804. Call office.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, $25; double, $20.
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
sq.— Furnished suites and single rooms; in
business locality for table boarders.
ROOM and board cheap. 546 Howard st.
1 OR 2 children to beard, and room for par-
ents. 439 Minna St.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD to board; terms reasonable. '■ Call 2 to
4 at 1915 Central aye.
GOOD home for children, $8; Infants. $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
... cream parlar. 103.'. Market st.; popular prays.
stores' TO let.
ELEGANTLY furnished store; living- rooms;
rent reasonable. 256 Third st.
! — — -^ — — — — i^—^— — ■ — — — «— —
OFFICES TO LET,
| •-.■>'.n.r -,r -,-li
TO-DAY, choice furnished office or clerk room
in MCCARTHY & CO.' B offices, 646 Market.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
i GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician;
: charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 10714 Market St., S. F. ; examlna-
tlon free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, hafe and speedy cure for all female
! diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
• aged should call on the doctor and state their
i case before going elsewhere; they will find
In her a true friend; a home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
! tal and privacy of a home: consultation free.
i and confidential; home treatment, $5. No In-
struments used: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER,
agent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s infallible
pills, 510 Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Lcrkln; of-
fice hours. 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8; Sun-
days. 4 to 8 d. m.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure: relief guaranteed
j at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
'■ came day; no Instruments used; cure at office.
, $5; home In confinement; skillful medical at-
I tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St., bet
Hyde and Larkln; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
| p. m. ; Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2t04 p. m.
} ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davien.
I true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
I BO years" practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure, relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
. lay; pelf-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills. $1: very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays'. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. ■
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing: travelers helped
i at once: safe: call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure. $5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent: consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 87 years.
i DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st
I — —
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
i ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
" free. Call or write. 1023H Market st. •
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay St.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
• est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
St.; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
j ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; Rafe cure; $2 50,
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Const Agents. Oakland, Cal.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours: reli-
able, safe, sure; maternity home: no Instru-
ments; consultation free, confidential; home
treatment, $5. DRS. ALLEN, 228 Van Ness.
"MERITO"; safe: sure; a boon to married
ladles: write for circular or call Merlto Mfg.
Co., 227 Leayenworth st., San Francisco.
] MRS. DR. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate aye.;
private home In confinement.
| DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or'mcney back;ss up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
LOST.
LQST— Fox terrier, brown and black marks;
"cense No. 2448. Please return to Bavaria
Brewery, Greenwich and Scott, for reward.
LOST last Sunday— Ladies' silver watch and
chain between San Francisco and Fruttvale.
Liberal reward for return to fi2S day st.
. LOST— At Caledonian picnic or 5:30 train, light
purse containing money. Liberal reward at
2130 O'Farrell st. . *
j ST. BERNARD dog 16 months old; strayed
Saturday. Reward offered by returning to
S 3v<2S Seventeenth st.
I LOST— Black cocker spaniel dog with tag 2365.
Reward at 910 Geary st.
LOST— Dark' blue greyhound, white spot on
breast, Friday night; reward. C. ANDER-
SEN, "!27 Second St., or 57 Clementina.
FOUND.
FOUND — Brown water spaniel ■ dog. G. H.
PORTER, Cal. Market, after 6 p. m:
FOUND— Sorrel mare; prove property and pay
expenses. 1908 Greenwich st. .
FOUND— Pa(r fox terrier pups; prove property
and pay expenses. - 1920 Greenwich st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & . GALLAGHER— James O. Ma-
guire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and • County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 825-855 Market t*t. ; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law,
sixth floor, Chronicle building; nc advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees: call or write.
NO charge unless successful; advice free; of-
fice open evenings from 8 to 9. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604, Emma Spreckels building.
ADVICE' free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee , without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
MRS. CLARA FOLTZ. attorney at" law; pro-
bate and guardianship; Sth floor Crocker bldg.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.- W.
W. DAVTDSON. 927 Market ; st. :; y
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning ; works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, - Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you I become disgusted with | poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, Sc per yard. H. L. JONES,
.300 McAllister St., cor. Larkln. Tel. Mint 1501.;
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
.453 Stevenson st. ; ; tel. South 228;, lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; I laid at : 30.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth ; St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. ,240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74. ■
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
'■■■' Gate; , carpets cleaned, 3c yd. ; | tel. | Mint - 348. j
j CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 1 333 Golden
j Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
CITY REAL ESTATBJ.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
GOLDEN GATE AYE. CORNER.
$40,000— Large improved corner on Golden Gate
aye.. a few blocks from Market st. ; bank fore-
closure; must be sold; lot 85x120.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$30.i)00— A Western Addition corner, not far
out and well improved; paying $220 per month;
no better income property on market.
DOWNTOWN RESIDENCE.
$12,000— Large residence on Jones St., near
Clay; fine neighborhood; lot 27:6x127.
MISSION CORNER.
$7000— Four flats of 5 rooms and bath; all
modern Improvements; bitumenized street;
rents $Gj; corner lot 37x64.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER FLATS.
$6000— Four flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath;
good condition; on one of best corners on
O'Farrell st. ; street bitumenized.
MARKET-ST. LOT.
$4100— Will sell a fine lot on Market st. for
mortgage and expenses amounting to $4100; lot
cost $7800 3 years ago.
$4000— Corner on Devisadero St.; 34x125 feet.
SNAP.
$4000— Three flats and rear house: good con-
dition: near Second and Mission sts.; ground
alone worth money.
MUST BE SOLD.
$2000— Two tenements of 4 rooms each: rents
$22 50; lot 25x100; on Florida St., near Twenty-
sixth.
PRETTY RICHMOND HOME.
$2600— Nice cottage of 5 rooms and bath and
basement on Fifth aye., near Clement.
CHEAP LOTS.
$2600— Northwest corner of Willard and Par-
nassus aye.; tine marine view.
0 per lot— 3 lots on west side Broderick
st. ; 25x125 each.
$1100—3 lots, 25x115 each; double frontage;
Dorland st., near Dolores.
$600— Twenty-second st., near Sanchez; lot 25x
114.
$50C— Ninth aye., near A St.; street work done;
I lot 25x120.
We hold our regular auction sales every two
weeks. For further particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
$3750— MUST te sold; SW. corner Dolores and
Army sts. ; lot 33x90, with a new residence of
7 rooms anu bath: all rooms elegantly decor-
j ated; there is= a 33x6."> vacant lot suitable for
j a store and flats; only $950 cash required aa
I a first payment. Apply 232 Liberty st.
$24.500 — FOR sale, good business property; lodg-
ing-house anci stores with business; a part
cash. Address Owner, box 845, Call office.
POOR MANS CHANCE.
$1250 — Terms, $450 cash; old-fashioned house
containing six rooms and high basement;
Third aye., bet. Point Lobos and. Clement;
plre of lot, 35x70; vet permit from office to
inspect. F. A. McNALLY & CO., 19 Mont-
gomery st.
$3000 CASH— Reduced from $4500 l 50- foot lot;
northwest corner of Twenty-third and Dolores
Bts.; 2-story building, store and flat; a big
buy; will sell at above figure if sold within
10 days. GEORGE B. M. GRAY, owner, 454
Ninth St.. Oakland.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO.,
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate P*rlc,
west of First aye. , and you wish to sell,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
<HKAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
T'nited States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MP9ICAL IKSTttPMJSNTa.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 23 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices- lowest; every-
thing possible dqne to please and satisfy the
customer.
FOR sale— Upright Steinway piano In good or-
der; also Callgraph typewriter No. 3. 1900
Vallejo rt.
OUR specialty is renting new pianos; $2 50 per
mo. Scutt-Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
R. A . DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 308 to 312 Post st.
A— CFRIQHTS, |ii up; Installments, $5 75 up:
rents. $2 up (allowed on Bale). Heine, 136 Ellis".
A NEW Chickerini-' and 3 Steinways. Keeffe's,
1019 Van Ness. nr. Geary; tel. Larkin 706.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
A— s<Ss; UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Oood upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister st.. next Hibernia Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MI'LLKK. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
PROPOSALS.
FROPOSALsT~
STATE PRISON SUPPLIES.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received at
the office of the Clerk at State Prison, SAN
QUENTIN. until 10:30 a. m. SATURDAY,
10TH DAY OF JUNE, 1899,
And at the office of the Clerk at State Prison,
FOLSOM, until 9:30 a. m. SATURDAY.
17TH DAY OF JUNE, 1899,
At which times and placee they will be
opened In presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, con-
sisting of subsistence stores, forage, fuel,
clothing, medicines, lime, cement and other
staple supplies, from July 1, 1899, to June SO,
1900, Inclusive, on conditions as per printed
schedule, which will be furnished upon ap-
plication at either of the above offices.
No bid will be considered unless made upon
said schedules, nor unless accompanied by
the certified check therein required, nor from
any other parties than bona fide dealers in
the clashes of articles to be furnished. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount, payable to R. M. Fitz-
gerald. President of the Board, of his bid,
conditioned that the bidder will enter into a
contract upon notice of acceptance aa re-
quired by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sepa-
rately. All payments made on contracts will
be paid in cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules.
The Board reserves the right to reject any
or all bids as the public interest may re-
quire, and to order any quantity over or under
amount specified.
R. M. FITZGERALD, President.
J. V. ELLIS. Clerk.
PROPOSALS—
Proposals for Hardware, plumbers' mate-
rials, lumber, paints, oils, etc.. furniture,
fuel, stovepipe, stationery, library books,
physical, chemical and other apparatus and
supplies, printing, lithographing, etc.— Sealed
proposals will be received by the Superin-
tendent of Common Schools in open session
of the Board of Education, on Wednesday,
May 31, 1599, at 8:30 o'clock p. m., for fur-
nlphing the School Department of this city
and county during the fiscal year 1899-lftOO
with hardware, plumbers' materials, lumber,
paints, oils, etc., furniture, fuel, stovepipe,
stationery, library books, etc., and for do-
Ing the printing and lithographing required
during the said fiscal year, in accordance
with specifications at' the office of the Board
of Education. City Hall.
The parties to whom contracts are award-
ed will he required, prior to or at the time
of execution of the contracts, to pay their
proportion of the cost "f advertising.
J. A SIMPSON, Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., May 27, 1899— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 12 o'clock m., Monday, June 26. 1599. and
then opened, for furnishing, during fiscal year
ending June 30, 1900, oats and hay. to be deliv-
ered on board of vessels at wharves in San
Francisco, Cal.. for shipment to Honolulu, H.
I. Government reserves right to reject or ac-
cept any or all bids or any part thereof. Pref-
erence gi'en to articles of American produc-
tion, conditions of price and quality (includ-
ing In the price of foreign productions the
duty thereon) being equal, and such prefer-
ence given to articles of American production
produced on the Pacific Coast, to extent of
consumption required by the public service
there. All information furnished on applica-
tion to undersigned. Envelopes containing
bids to be indorsed "Proposals for
at San Francisco, Cal.," and addressed to J.
M. MARSHALL, Deputy Quartermaster Gen-
eral. U. S. A., Chief Quartermaster.
IMPROVEMENT of San Luis Oblspo harbor,
Cal.— T'nited States Engineer's office. »Laugh-
lin building. Los Angeles. Cal.. May 27. 1899.
Sealed proposals for continuing construction
of breakwater at San Luis Oblspo harbor.
Cal., will be received here until 11 a. m.,
June 27. 1899, and then publicly opened. In-
formation furnished on application. JAMES
J. MEYLER. Captain Engineers.
CoTp A R~TXIiRSTiIP~PiOTICES.
NOTICE of dissolution of copartnership — No-
tice is hereby given that WINFIELD 8.
DAVIS, BURT L. DAVIS and CARL A.
HENRY, formerly doing business as co-
partners under the firm name and style of
DAVIS & HENRY, have dissolved such co-
partnership and the business heretofore done
by such firm will hereafter be conducted at
No. 215 Sansome st. by DAVIS & HENRY, an
incorporated company.
Dated February 28, 1899.
CARL A. HENRY,
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
BURT L. DAVIS.
' CITY REAL. ESTATE. .
A. M. SPECK & CO., "*"
667 Market St., opposite Kearny. .
;. CHOICE INVESTMENTS.
$70,000— Corner, 1 block from Market st., : ' near
Powell; 52x98:6 feet; 5 stores; old improvements
rent for $5200; rarest buy downtown.
$45.000— % block from Market St.. near Fifth;
lot 35x135 feet; stores and lodging house; bank
mortgage of $30,000; rents $200.
$25,000— Best retail block west of Taylor st.:
49x135 feet; 2 stores and 6 fiats; fine building;
rents $2400.
— Valencia-st. business corner; worth
$35,000; 87x103 feet; mortgage $15,000.
$20,000— McAllister-st. corner; stores and flats;
rents $2100.
$16,000 — Leavenworth-st. corner; 60 feet front-
age; rents $135; $12, mortgage can remain.
$15,000— 3 new flats; near Taylor and Bush
sts.; rents $12; a fine buy.
$Ssoo— Stockton-st. .. business property; brick
building; rents $840 net; 10 years' guaranteed
lease. : < !■- : -.';"*-
-$B2Oo—Northeast0 — Northeast corner Van Ness aye. and
Green St.; lot 45x124 feet; ready to build; re-
duced from $11,000.
$5000— 4 flats; No. 1114 Florida st., near 23d;
rents $480; want offer.
$975— Mission home; 5 rooms; lot 25x114 feet;
near car line.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market st., opposite Kearny.
$2500— NEW modern 6-room cottage, with all
the latest conveniences; $400 cash, balance $25
monthly; lot 25x125; near corner Twentieth
and Castro sts- F. NELSON, Builder.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and lot 27:6x100;
furniture Included. Diamond St., near 20th.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
COUNTRY REAL INSTATE.
FOR sale — By owner; bargain.
Model home, located In beautiful frostless
Hollywood; most healthy and accessible suburb
of Los Angeles; reached by electric cars In 30
minutes from city center; fare, luc; 5 acres in
full-bearing lemon and naval orange trees, pro-
ducing abundance of fruit, which Is I shipped
to San Francisco market, bringing highest
prices,' being choicest quality. - : -..;
- New 2-story Colonial house, up to date, viz.:
open plumbing, range, hot and cold water, fine
bathroom, porcelain tub; house wired for elec-
tricity; new barn and carriage-house; shade
trees, palms, flowers, etc., etc.; abundance of
water for Irrigation; perpetual water right and
paid for; Income from fruit sales pays hand-
somely on Investment; owner engaged in mer-
cantile business in San Francisco, and interests
are centered there.
Would consider exchange for desirable San
Francisco or Oakland property. Address the
owner, W. B. GLIDDEN.
120 Sutter st., San Francisco, Cal.
FOR sale, Charming summer residence
and large grounds on Cowichan Lake. Van-
; couver Siand; unexcelled salmon and trout
fishing and hunting; owner leaving- country.
Apply to JAS. ROBERTSON, Duncans, Van-
couver Island. .
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2160 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of -1897-98 address THE
COCATI CO.. 302 California st..' S. F.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms." .
W. D. HOLCOM * CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages,, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
REAL estate. 6 per cent; 2d mortg.. chattels,
undlv'd lnt'ts. etc. Harper & Kreiger, Sl2 Ex-
aminer building;.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their. notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bid*.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save Inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATES.
BOOM—
In North Oakland Real Estate.
Prices of Lots in this part of Oakland are
Increasing every day.
NOW IS THE TIME .TO BUY.
NEW RAILROADS.
NEW FERRY.
- NEW ELECTRIC LINE.
ALL MAKE PROPERTY VALUES GO UP.
ONLY CHANCE TO BUY AT YOUR OWN
PRICE.
San Pablo Avenue Lots.
Market Street Lots.
Thirty-third Street Lots.
Thirty-fourth Street Lots.
Beautiful business and residence property.
AT AUCTION 3 : AT AUCTION
SATURDAY. JUNE 3. 1899.
lON THE GROUND.
NO RESERVE.
STREET WORK ALL DONE.
EASY TERMS.
ONE-THIRD CASH.
ONE-THIRD IN TWELVE MONTHS.
ONE-THIRD IN EIGHTEEN MONTHS.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
903 Broadway. Oakland. :!
Mills Building. San Francisco.
Rooms 15 and 16. Second Floor.
$1100— 5- ROOM house; bath; near trains; also 8
lots cheap. '.'62 Third si., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR HUB.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture denier Tlth «n<l Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
$25 CASH, $5 60 monthly till paid for; a now
3-room cottage; high basement; lot 50x250
feet; price all told $425; Westall Tract, in
tropical Frultvale, adjoining East Oakland;
rich soil; grand view; superb climate; no -cold
winds nor fogs here; electric cars and a 30-
-foot wide boulevaj-d near; not far from a hne
3-story schoolhouse: there are quite a numocr
of S. F. merchants now located In this sec-
tion. Call or send for circular to 455 Seventh
st near corner Broadway, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
$500 CASH, balance on time to suit buyer; a
lovely home; modern, up-to-date 2-story new
house of 10 rooms and bath; large lot; situate
In tropical Fruitvale, ; on Frultvale aye., th«
center of attraction; electric cars pass the
door; close to a fine school; sewered and city
water and gas; price all told $2000: easy pay-
ments; this is a fine buy. 455 Seventh St.,
near corner Broadway. • Oakland. -.
H. Z. JONES. Owner.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for 'ladles In delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS FITNKE. 1416 Bth it.
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
ONLY $1600 for a very desirable 6-room house
and lot; handy to electric and local station.
O. G. MAY & CO.. Berkeley.
"^ BERKELEY HOUSES.
FINELY ; furnished cottage, 4 . rooms; bath;
pantry; high basement. -: Northwest corner
Cedar and Arch sts.. North Berkeley.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
MACDONALD— In this city, May 27, 1899, to the
wife of George F. Macdonald. a daughter.
MARKS— In this city. May 26,- 1599, to the Wife
: of Frederick Marks Jr., a son. j
ROSENTHAL— In. this city. May 2S. 1899, to the
• wife of S. Rosenthal. a daughter. • _^
1 DIED. .
Barrows, Charles M. Jessup, Dr. Thos. C.
Bartlett. Henry S. . Johnston, Margaret
Brown. Ida Klnne. Mrs. W. H.
Callender. John R. ' Lavin. Lizzie
Cassell, Robert J. McCumlskey. John
Chaffee. Irene Maloros, Andreas
.Chevassus. Edouard Mayers, Gittel
Cowan, Ann O'Leary, Margaret
Darrin, Edmond J. O'Neil, Edward
Grindley. Dr. T. R. Schott. Charles
Hall, Mrs. May Stelljes. Herman
Hettle, Joseph Suren, Waldo
BARROWS— In Berkeley, May 30. 1899, Charles
Mosher Barrows, a native of New York State,*
aged 55 years 3 months and 27 days.
BARTLETT-Ini Oakland, May 30. 1899, at the
residence of his brother, George C. Bartlett,
514 Twenty-third street, Henry Snow Bart-
lett, a native of Rhode Island, aged 39 years
11 months and 15 days. (Rhode Island and
Vermont papers please copy.)
ETFriends are invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the
residence of his brother. 514 Twenty-third
street. Oakland. Interment private.
BROWN— In this city. May 29, IS9». Ida, be-
loved daughter of James and Mildred Brown,
and sister of George Brown, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 2 months and 4 days.
CALLENDER— In this city. May 30, 1899,. John
Richard, beloved husband of Carrie B. Cal-
lender. a native of Barbadoes, B. W. 1., aged
41 years and 6 months.
CASSELL— In this city. May 29, 1899, Robert J.,
beloved husband of Jane Cassell. and father
of Joseph B. Cassell, a native of Ireland, aged
69 years and 4 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
. dence, 318 Van Ness avenue, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CHAFFEE— In Oakland, May 29. 1899, Irene,
wife of the late P. M. Chaffee. and mother of
Mrs. Jessie L. Hogle, Mrs. Lulu M. Hender-
son, Mrs. L. M. Ogden, Mr. Frank Chuff
and the late Mr. O. C. Cook, need 66 years
and 9 days.
tTTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the furferal this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of Bessie J. Wood, 1128 Twenty-third
: avenue. East Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery-
CHEVASSUS— In this city." May 29. 1899, Edou-
ard. beloved husband of Louise C. Chevassus,
and father of Gustave C. Chevassus, a na-
tive of France, aged 67 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at . 8:15 o'clock, from his late
residence. 2221 Scott street, thence to the
French Church of Notre Dame dcs Victoires.
Bush street, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated . for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by special train from Third and
Townsend streets.
COWAN— In thiS city, May 29, 1899, Ann. widow
of the late Hugh Cowan, and mother of Mrs.
A. Wilson, Mrs. J. R. Lawson. Mrs. J. C.
Hamilton, Mrs. William T. Boyce and Wil-
liam and Hugh Cowan, a native of England,
aged 69 years and 10 months.
ETFriends are respectfully invited to at-
' tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 1332
Folsom street. Interment private.
DARRIN— In this city. May 30, 1899, Edmond
J.. beloved son of Edmond K. and the late
Margaret Estelle Darrin, and grandson of Mr.
and Mrs. Joseph Schumann, a native of San
Francisco, aged 10 months and 17 days.
GRINDLEY— In this city, May 28, ISM, Dr.
Thomas R. Grindley, a native of Scotland,
aged 59 years 2 months and IS days.
(C7"Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday),' at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
- chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
, pany, 2425 Mission street', near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage. '
HALL— In this city, May 28, 1899, Mrs. May
. Hall, mother of Mrs. John Bennett, a native
of New York.
: . • (C7The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her niece, Mrs. A. E. Riley, 4409
Eighteenth , street, thence .to St. Francis
Church, Sixteenth and Dolores streets, for
services. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HETTLE— In this city, May 30, 1899, Joseph,
; beloved son of Annie and the late Jacob Het-
tle, and brother of the late Cecelia Hettle and
Mrs. G. W. Barry, a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years and 7 months.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1319 Scott street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
JESSUP— In this city. May 20. 1899, suddenly,
at his residence, 135 Haight ' street. Dr.
■ Thomas C. Jessup, dearly beloved husband of
Elizabeth Jessup. and dearly beloved father
of Douglas C. Lloyd and Eulalle Jessup. a
native of Indiana, aged 74 years. (Portland,
Or., and Washington State papers please
copy.)
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 135 Haieht street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
JOHNSTON— In this city. May 29, 1899, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Owen John-
ston, and mother of Winifred, Annie, James,
Liilie, Thomas and Helena Johnston. Mrs. P.
McDermott, Mrs. J. Haughton. Mrs. Norton
and the late Mrs. W. McKenna. a native of
Donegal, Ireland.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 62 Rausch street, - thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. • Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KINNE— In Redwood City, May. 29, 1899, Mrs.
W. H. Kinne, a native of Nova Scotia, aged
53 years 6 months and 19 days. ' (Boston pa-
pers please copy. )
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the Con-
gregational Church, Redwood City. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery on arrival of 12:12
o'clock train.
LAVIN— Haywards, Cal., Lizzie, beloved
daughter of Mary A. and the late Edw. G.
Lavin, a native of Haywards, Cal., • aged 29
years 9 months and 4 days. -3aeg§S
C?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully. invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), from her late residence. Castro
• Valley, thence to All Saints' Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul. Interment Dublin,
Cal. . .
McCUMISKEY— In this city. May 30, 1599. John-
McCumiskey, a native of the parish, of Dro-
mantaa, Ireland, aged 60 years and 11' months,
EFThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Charles Borromeo's Church.
■ where there will be a mass for the repose of
his soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MALOROS— In Agnews, Cal.. May 29, 1899,
Andreas Maloros. a native of Viuttano, Aus-
tria, aged 55 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, thence to St. Joseph's Church, corner
1 Market and San Fernando streets. San Jose,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul. ■
MAYERS— In this city. May 29, 1899.' Gittel.
wife of the late A. L. Mayers, and beloved
mother of Mrs. M. J. BJackman and Benjamin
and David L. Mayers, a native of Russia,
aged 85 years.
(T^Friends are respectfully: invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at 10
o'clock, from the residence of her- daughter.
2520 Sutter 'street. Interment Hills of "Eter-
nity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train, from
Third and Townsend streets. • ■■; .- . ,' ',}
O'LEARY— In this city. May 30, 1899, Margaret,
wife of 'the late Dennis O'Leary. and mother
of John D., Annie. Emma and William A.
O'Leary. Mrs. J. C. O'Connor, Mrs. M. S.
Leon. Mrs. William Harvey and Mrs. T. G.
Berkeley, a native of County Armagh. Ire-
land. aged 69 years.
ICTThe . funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. . 614 Jones street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn : requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the .repose of
her soul, .commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'NEIL— In this city. May 30. 1899. Edward,
- beloved husband of the late Ellen O'Nell. and
father of Mrs. E. Cheverria and Nellie and
Edward O' Neil, a native of Ireland, - aced 60
years. - ; •■ "> -
(rcTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co., lIS Geary street. In-
terment private. Remains at the parlors- of
A. W. Martin & Co., 118 Geary street.
SCHOTT— An- anniversary mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of the soul of :■ the late
Charles Schptt at St. -Bonifaces- Church;
to-morrow' (Thursday), at 9 o'clock. Friends
are invited to attend. " . •. " ', . ' .:
STELLJES— In this city,' May 29. ' 1899. Her-
man, dearly beloved- husband Of Anna B.
Stelljes, and father of Herman and Henrietta
Stelljes, a native of Germany,' aged ,43 years
■ 6 months and 28 days. ' •-". J ' : .'.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 341 Sanchez street, ; between Six-
teenth and Seventeenth. Interment .Masonic
Cemetery.
SUREN— In this city. May 29. 1899, Waldo, be-
loved son of Joseph and Annie Suren. and
brother of Ludwig. Leo and Theresa Suren, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 ; years 4
months and 21 days. .
Friends- and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 327 Eureka street, thence by
funeral car at Guerrero ■ and Eighteenth
streets at 2 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn
. Cemetery. -
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO., \
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAUMIH
10 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln Scfeook
- TsUpkon* South M. . . ■ ■ -
McAUOY & CO., ■ I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, I
1233 Market st., between Sth and 3th. I
' Telephone, South .2tt.___ I____^m1 ____^m
1112
KALBEN DESERTS THE SOLID SEVEN
AND WILL OPPOSE NEW FRANCHISES
The Market-Street Company Defeated in Its Infamous Attempt
to Kill Competition and to Make the City Its
Prey for Fifty Years.
Sensational Develop
ments in the Scheme
of the Railroad to
Grab the Streets of
the City,
THE Southern Pacific Company
and the Market Street Company
have been defeated In their effort
to make the < -ity their prey for
rifty years. The franchise which
these corporations attempted to secure
by corrupt means will not be granted
by the Board of Supervisors. The peo
ple of San Francisco have won a vic
tory which in its effects and general
benefits is perhaps without parallel in
local history. All the powers of the
railroad, from the blackguardism of
its ruffian employes to the 1 ribery of
its twisted corruptionists, have. gone
for nothing. The "solid Beven" in the
Board <>f Supervisors have lost one of
their members, and their loss deprives
them of their «-vil power to injure the
< ity.
Supervisor E. C. Kalben has deserted
the s.'ljd seven and has allied himself
with the honest members of the board
who so stubbornly and cleverly pre
vented the bought agents <>f the rail
road from earning their price of shame
from their masters. Supervisor Kal
ben will vote against all of the out
rageous demands of the Southern Pa
< iti<- Company and the Market Street
Company. His position in connection
with recent events is a unique one and
is Intesestlngiy explained.
The representatives of the Southern
Pacific Company and of its local street
SUPERVISOR ALBERT HEYER.
feeder have feared a defection in the
ranks of the solid seven, and in threat
ening boasts have declared that
if their demands were not granted by
the Supervisors a bitter attack would
be made in the courts upon the charter.
But boasts frequently attain no se
rious importance, and at all events the
city will not be burdened by the weight
of railroad monopoly for fifty years.
And the victory has been won without
a resort to extraordinary legislative
measures.
Mayor Phelan will not have to exer
cise his great power and refuse to call
a meeting of the Supervisors until af
ter July 1. The board may meet as
often 1 as it pleases without danger to
GENERAL BARNES IS
OUT OF POLITICS
WILL NEVER AGAIN BE A CAN
DIDATE FOR U. S. SENATOR.
Politicians Are Wondering Why
Governor Gage Does Not Issue
a Senatorial Commission
to D. M. Burns.
"Whfin General W, H. L. Barnes packed i
up his traps at Sacramento after the
Legislature finished the balloting for I
United States Senator he declared that '
he was out of politics forever and would j
never make another speech which did not |
begin with the words, "May it please your
Honor." Some of the politicians fancied
that the orator's utterances were due to
a sudden warmth of feeling inspired by j
the occasion . and would be recalled after;
calm deliberation. The general has not '
yet changed his mind on this topic. He
says now:
"I shall never be a candidate for the
Senatorial or any other office. I am glad
1 was not elected last winter and I would
not attend another session of the Legis- i
lature if 1 could be assured the Senator
ship for the rest of my life."
The politicians are still wondering why
D. M. Burns does not receive his Sena
torial commission from Governor Gage.
One man who professes sincere friendship
for Burns made this remark at the
Palace:
"If 1 were in Burns' place I would go to
the Governor and ask for the commission.
Burns, with a commission in hand, would
be in a position to meet Senator Quay
and submit to him that they had a com
mon fight. They could pull together to
secure a sufficient number of votes in the
Senate to admit them to seats."
It is the talk among the politicians that
<;hK' will appoint the Board of Health,
Labor Commissioner and probably the
Code ' 'nmmissioni'rs before he goes to the
Yosemlte Valley. In the appointment of
Bteppacher and Rickard the Governor
recognized Burns and MeLaughlin in
local affairs, hence Crimmins and Kelly
are anxious that the recognition should
IT IS NO MORE
A SOLID SEVEN
SUPERVISOR j^C. KALBEN. |
SUPERVISOR E. C. KALBEN can no Tpnger he counted as a <
member of the "Solid Seven" so far as street railway franchises ■»
are concerned. The following card shows that he places himself '
on the side of the people in the fight: "J
To My Friends and Patrons: I was in <
favor of granting the corkscrew fran- <
chise as recommended by the Merchants'
Association and the North End Improve-
ment Club with the distinct understand-
ing that the franchise should be upon
Post street, and in noevent to be granted
for any part of Geary street. As to the 4
proposed double track in the Mission h
district, the Geary street and all other <
franchises applied for by the Market
street system now pending before the <
Board of Supervisors, I am unalterably
opposed to the granting of them, as the (
city can acquire greater benefits <
through the laws on franchises in the <
new charter than it can under existing j
laws. -j
I am sorry that my intentions and ac- J
tions were so misunderstood at yester- 1
day 1 s meeting of the board. lat no time "
announced or intended to vote for the -
granting of any of these franchises.
San Francisco, May 30, 1899.
not be extended to the Health Dfpart
! ment. It is reported that the Governor
! has also about reached the conclusion
that his administration has done more for
Burns than should have been done and is
therefore minded to advise with <"rim
mins and Kelly as to the Board of Health
| appointments.
A TWO DAYS' FESTIVAL.
German Societies of the Coast Will
Make Merry on July 30 and 31.
Arrangements are being made for the
biennial festival of the Pacific Coast Turn
Bezirk, or federation of Turn Vereins of
; the Pacific Coast, whielTwlll be held in
this city on Sunday and Monday, July
i 30 and 31.
! A meeting of tho committee of arrange
i mrnts was held last night In the hall of
! the San Francisco Turn Venin, at which
a rough draft of the programme was elis
cussea. Members of the various Turner
societies were in attendance, and at the
! close of the meeting all sat down to a
bountiful cold collation.
; The two clays' festivities will open with
'• a grand street parade on Sunday morn
j ing, in which all German societies will
i participate. The procession will go to
<;!<-n I'ark, where the biennial athletic
> competition will be herd. Music and
i dancing will be provided for those who
! do not care to witness the feats of skill
and daring. On Sunday evening the vari
ous singing societies will compete for
' prizes in Turn Verein Hall on Turk street.
On Monday morning the festival will
reopen at Glen Bark. The athletic compe
tition will "be continued and the Schuet
i zen Vereins will also have a spirited con
test for the superiority of the Pacific
Coast. The day's exercises will terminate
• with a grand ball and banquet in the Turn
i Hall. On Tuesday the visiting delegates
I will be taken for a ride on the bay and
i otherwise entertained. The committee of
I arrangements is as follows: P. Attlnger,
! president; J. Simmen, secretary; J.
; Straub, treasurer; William Plagemann,
I Theo Planz, H. Maret, F. Willenbrink and
] Robert Barth. The following are the
chairmen of the sub-committees: F. At
tinger, finance; Theo Planz, athletics; J.
Slmmens, singing; F. Attinger, shooting;
William Plagemann. transportation; H.
Maret, banquet; F. Willenbrink, ball; J.
Straub, press; Theo Planz, grounds; F.
j Attlnger. music; 11. Maret, decorations.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 31, 1899.
RAILROAD EMPLOYES
HOLD THEIR OUTING
SPENT DECORATION DAY AT LOS
GATOS PARK.
The Pleasure-Seekers Taxed the
Broad-Gauge Accommodations to
Their Utmost Capacity.
The employes of the local freight office
of the Southern Pacific Company- held
their sixth annual excursion and outing
yesterday at Los Galos Park. The affair
was perhaps tlu> brst attended and most
enjoyable of any held by tho railroad em
ployes in years. Fully 4000 people, most of
whom were young folks, journeyed down
to the little town at the foot of the Santa
t'luz Mountains and whlled away the
pleasant hours dancing, strolling in the
foothills and participating in the games
The picnic was the largest that has been
held in Los Gatos for some time, and the
broad gauge was taxed to the utmost to
accommodate the merry crowd The
train which transported the excursionists
to the picnic grounds was divided into
five sections, each following closely on the
other.
The picnic grounds with the moving
throng of pleasure seekers clad in outing
costunftfl of variegated hues presented a
gala spectacle. It seemed as If each and
every member of the freight department
was trying to outrival the other in wear
ing tropical raiment. Andrew Kasten the
popular representative of the auditing de
partment, presented himself on the floor
or tli>- pavilion arrayed like a rainbow
tinted nightmare, and were it not for the
unexpected appearance of "Jim" Symons
clad in a shirt which resembled the
Aurora Borealis, Kasten would have
easily carried off the- laurels. Symons'
shirt, which was a symphony in sunset
red. made so much noise that Floor Man
ager Lou Fortune good-naturedly re
quested Jim to hie himself far up on the
:: uw of tho hill. Thirsty farmers sat
feasting their eyes on the. white-aproned
waiters skin Tying about the picnic
grounds vvith large trays of liquid re
in Bhments.
i Oft the journey home the merriment
A Revolution in the
Board of Supervisors
Saves San Francisco
From a Reign of Cor
ruption.
the city. The fangs of the majority
have been drawn. Six members of the
j board have called forth upon them
: selves the scorn and contempt of de
cent men, and they have for their pains
only their own shame. They have been
bought, and the purchase price will not
be paid, for the Southern Pacific Com
pany never pays anything for nothing.
The exciting scenes at the session of
the Board of Supervisors on Monday
were the topic of general conversation
J yesterday in all local circles. Never
I before had such a determined struggle
! against official corruption been made in
San Francisco. Never before had such
a signal success crowned the endeavors
of those that fought for the public wel
fare. In the comment and criticism of
the action of the Supervisors the names
of two members of the board were used
: almost incessantly.
One of these members was E. C. Kal
ben, s"ome of whose friends declared
that they could not understand the
stand he had taken in voting with the
six men whose names now constitute
a. shameful roll. Kal.Den's friends pro
tested that his position was to them a
mystery. If this was true Supervisor
Kaibon has cleared it away. He has
addressed to the public an open letter
in which he declares that he has been
misunderstood in his Intentions and in
his actions. He says that he never in
tended to vote for any of the franchises
asked by the Southern Pacific Company
and the Market Street Company, and
certainly did not do so.
He calls attention to the fact that
absolutely no vote was taken upon the
franchises themselves. The first and
j only material vote in reference to the
j outrageous demands of the railroads
was taken upon the motion to refer the
recommendations of the Street Commit
tee back again for further considera
tion. Such a reference. Supervisor Kal
ben declares, was unnecessary and a
useless loss of time. He says that he
had determined to vote against the
franchises and he saw no reason why
the vote should not be taken at once
as well as later. This is the reason he
gives for his vote, and with the reason
he gives an absolute assurance that
when the matter is again before the
Board of Supervisors next Monday he
will vote against the grant of all or any
of the franchises.
This means that the atrocious meas
ures will be defeated. The railroad
people, with all their power, cannot
control more than six votes. They have
reached such a desperate stage in their
evil fight that they have not hesitated
to slander one of the men who fought
so persistently in behalf of the city.
This man is Supervisor Albert Heyer,
who enjoys an unsullied name as a pub
lic official of long experience. When ru
mors began to circulate that the solid
seven could not be held together and
that the railroad might expect defeat
Henry Lynch of the Market Street
Company shrugged his shoulders, and
with a sneer said that whenever the
railroad wanted the vote of Albert
Heyer it would get the vote.
This unwarranted and absolutely
fals." assertion has been indignantly de
nied by the friends <>f Supervisor Hey
er. In the following interview Super
visor Heyer tells emphatically what he
intends to do in reference to any future
reached Its height. h.very car had its
vocalists, and they warbled every song
from "Rosie O'Grady" to "Dad's Dinner
Pail "
When the trains deposited their burden
ci" satisfied pleasure-seekers at the depot,
the railroad picnic was voted the most en
joyable outing of the season.
STOLE A WATCH.
Two Soldiers Booked for Grand Lar
ceny.
Andrew Hogue and Rurlen Whiteker
were arrested early yesterday morning by
Officer Burke, wfjo placed a charge of
grand larceny against their names for
Mailing a silver watch from L. McClus
key.
Hogue and Whiteker are recruits on
their way to Manila to join the Four
teenth Infantry. They were exhibiting
the watch and MeCluskey thought It had
been stolen from a friend of his. He paid
the soldiers $3 50 for It and they after
ward took It away from him. He there
upon had the men arrested. The money
and watch were booked as evidence.
The best bicycle and bath enamels, also
house and floor paints cheap, in Artists'
Material Department at Sanborn & Vails,
711 Market street. *
Olympic Club Events.
A number of swimming events wore on
the programme at the Olympic Club last
evening. The first, a six-lap rare between
Bretrer and Melrose, was won by the
former. A water polo game between
Getez, Pomin, Smith, KeTinison, De Lyons,
Flynn and Brewer of the Lurline Baths,
and Pape, Melrose. James, Habernicht,
Phillips, Hammersmith and Hinckle of
the Olympic Club was won by the. lur
line team. Score 1 to 0. A 100-yard race
between Doc Flynn and Dennis Carroll
was won by Flynn. The relay between
Getez, Brewer, Pomin, De Lyons and
Smith of the Lurlines and Melrose, Hinc
kle, Hammersmith, Carroll and Pape of
the Olympics was also won by the Lur
lines. Trick and fancy springboard div
ing filled in on the programme.
■ m ■
Dear Madam: "Pegamoid says come!
You're welcome, Chronicle building:, No. 61.
consideration of the franchises:
I will oppose the granting of the
proposed franchises to the Market
Street Bailway Company as long as
I have a vote in the board. This
appears to me to be an instance
where the interests of the city are at
stake, and as I consider myself mere
ly a servant of the people I hold it
to be my duty that I should do all
that I oan to advance and protect the
welfare of the people. If the needs
of the city demand that there shall
be street railroads over the streets
where franchises are asked for I see
no good reason why a delay of six
months should work any hardship on
the persons or corporations seeking
the franchises.
Certain benefits will accrue to the
city by reason of the provisions of
the new charter. These benefits be
long to the city and should be pre
served for it by the members of the
Board of Supervisors. On Monday I
voted against the attempt to grant
the proposed franchises and I shall
continue so to vote to the end of the
chapter.
These 'words of Supervisor Heyer
show that when corruption cannot buy
votes slander certainly will not. Lynch's
remarks have naturally created indig
nation and protest. Lynch is the man
who packed the assembly chamber of
the Supervisors on Monday with rail
road loafers, who waited for an oppor
tunity to use intimidation. Their offen
sive presence, however, was no more
serious than a hiss.
With defeat staring them in the face
the railroad people intend to adopt new
tactics. They threaten to use every
possible means, corrupt and otherwise,
to defeat the operation of the charter.
If the new- charter goes into effect and
the gigantic steal of the Geary-street
franchise is not effected before July
1 it is among the possibilities, if not
the probabilities, that the city may own
the Geary Street Railroad and operate
it. This would be the beginning of the
municipal ownership of railroads and
would be the commencement of a for
midable competition to the monopoly
of the Market Street Company.
This will illustrate the enormous
value of the rights which the Market
Street Company has attempted to steal
from San Francisco. If the theft can
not be accomplished through the Board
of Supervisors the ruilroad people de
clare that it will be through the courts
by defeating the operation of the new
charter. The threat of the Southern
Pacific Company to exercise its influ
ence in the courts to cheat the people
out of the benefits of the charter is by
no means a new one, and many well
informed people have reason to believe
that no serious consequences will fol
low the threat.
It is looked upon as an idle boast of
men angry at their inability to win in
evil triumph, although they have at
their command and are using every
artifice and corruption, from intimida
tion and the boycott to bribery. The
announcement of Kalben that he will
vote against the franchises is the pledge
that the people of San Francisco have
won a great victory.
GREAT WORK
OF THE BAPTIST
MISSIONARIES
Spread of Christianity
Westward.
The Baptist anniversary week is draw
ing to a close and the various national
organizations of the denomination that
have been holding sessions in the First
Baptist Church of this city since last
Wednesday are rapidly completing the
work that brought them to the Pacific
coast. Yesterday afternoon marked the
completion of the labors of the Ameri
can Baptist Missionary Union, and the
sessions of the American Baptist Home
Mission Society, which began last even
ing, will continue through to-day and to
morrow forenoon, when the work of the
general conference will be completed and
a linal adjournment taken.
The »flrst session of the American Bap
tist Home Mission Society last evening
marked the sixty-seventh anniversary of
that organization. Owing to the unavoid
able absence of President Stephen Greene
<if Massachusetts, O. M. Thresher of Day
ton, Ohio, presided. The session was
opened with a prayer by Rev. Dr. Willey,
a Congregational clergyman who is a
pioneer of the Pacific coast.
Mr Thresher delivered a short address
and then introduced T. J. Morgan, cor
responding secretary, who read the re
port of the executive board for the year
just closed. The report shows that the
society has a surplus of $40,890 in the
treasury, $35,0<K) of which has been set
aside as an emergency fund. This favor
able financial showing is due to the lib
erality of churches and individuals, but
more especially to the exceptionally large
sums, amounting to $100,000, liberated
from the annuity fund by the decease of
Mrs. M. M. Gray of Oakland and Deacon
Martin E. Gray of Wllloughby, Ohio.
The feature of the report Is the an
nouncement that Cuba and Porto Rico
have been transferred from the control
of the Foreign Mission Society to the
Home Mission Society. The loading of
the report was followed by the announce
ment of the various nominating commit
tees bi' the president.
Rev. Dr. H. L. Morehouse of Now York,
field secretary of the society, read '& long
and decidedly interesting paper entitled
"Fifty Years' Work on the Pacific Coast."
Among other things he said:
"Wise men were our ancestors, but poor
prophets. Little did they drao.il of a con
vocation like this in a city like this on
the Pacific slope at the pikl of the century
in which they lived. Their estimates of
what this West was worth and what it
would become went wide of the mark."
He traced the westward movement of
Christian civilization across the continent
and referring to the part the Baptist
church has had in developing this section
said:
"From the first it has been the great
pioneer evangelistic organization, fts early
exploration missionaries being practically
Baptist bishops or overseers, for whole
territories, and its local missionaries hav
ing numerous out-stations in order that
t*ie largest possible territory might be
brought under Christian influence." He
spoke in glowing terras of the work ac
complished and in conclusion said:
"For this ultimate result have we
wrought the last fifty years; to this we
regirci ourselves for fifty years to come
so that this West, conquered for Christ,
may go forth with augmented power to
conquer the world for him."
An invitation from Irving M. Scott to
visit the battleship lowa Thursday after
noon was accepted.
ADJOURNED TO MEET
IN DETROIT IN 1900
The American Baptist Missionary Union
concluded its labors yesterday afternoon
and adjourned to meet in Detroit next
year, and fn the first year of the twen
tieth century in Kansas City. The morn-
Ing and afternoon sessions were highly
_^^__ ADVERTISEMENTS.
FIVE SPECIAL
VALUES!
At $2.50 Each.
175 DRESS PATTERNS, jet black figured
mohairs (English manufacture), 9 differ-
ent designs, goods 44 to 48 inches
wide. Worth $5.00 pattern.
At 35c Yard.
50 pieces GENUINE ENGLISH IRON-
FRAME ALPACAS, 40 inches in width,
in browns, tans, beige, grays and navys.
Reduced from 75c yard.
At 50c Yard.
35 pieces 44-INCH FRENCH MIXED SUIT-
INGS, in all the new colorings. Regular
price 85c and $1.00 yard.
At 53.25 Pair.
'l 5 cases (450 pairs) FINE WHITE CALI-
FORNIA BLANKETS, full size and extra
weight, fresh from the mills and perfect
in every particular. . Worth $5.00 pair.
At \%c Yard.
10 cases EXTRA QUALITY COVERT SUIT-
INGS, 18 different colorings, in all the
new mixtures. .
111. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
interesting, and were . attended by the
usual large crowds. The early meeting
was opened by the Women's Foreign Mis
sionary Society. At 10 o'clock the Rev.
Robert Leslie of Oregon led in devo
tional exercises. * At their conclusion the
audience arose and sang "America."
In behalf of the Baptists' Union of Great
Britain Dr. George C. Lorimer present
ed a proposition to appoint a committee
to visit the Czar of Russia in September
next to implore him to prevent further
persecution to the Baptist denominations
in his domains. The matter was referred
to the executive committee. The follow
ing cablegram was received from the
head of the American Peace Commission
and aroused applause:
THE HAGUE. May 29, 1899.
Fuller President Baptist Missionary Union. ■
San Francisco: The American Commission to
Peace Conference deeply appreciates and sia
cerely thanks your convention for sympahy
and good wishes. v\ HIT E. 1 resident.
HOLLIS. Secretary.
The following resolution was introduced
in connection with the commission to the
Czar:
The Missionary Union sympathizes most
deeply in the effort proposed by the Baptist
Union of Great Britain and .Ireland to obtain
for our hounded brethren in Russia deliverance
from proscriptive ecclesiastical interference,
and hereby instruct the executive committee,'
in conjunction with the Home Missionary So
ciety and the Publication Society, to appoint
a representative delegation to meet with the
English Baptists. ; - ;:■; ,-. 1 .
Rev. J. Sunderland of Oakland followed
with an able paper On "The Pacific Coast
in Fifty Years of Work for Foreign Mis
sions." It was a review of the progress
of the work in this State, and proved
highly interesting. Statistics and inci
dents in the past half century were en
tertainingly set forth. The paper will be
printed by the union. ■ ■ •
The Rev A. J. Frost of Los Angeles,
who is said to be the tallest Baptist min
ister in the State, was next introduced.
He opened a discussion on the subject
that Dr. Sunderland handled, and in- the
course of his talk said some witty things.
His patriotic allusions to Memorial day
enthused his listeners.
President Fuller introduced a discussion
on "The Lav man in Foreign Missions."
He was followed by Colonel Estee a
member of the executive board, who told
nf the missionary concerts his father and
mother used to hold in the winter
months. He said his father read reports
frSm the missionaries, his mother made
the prayer. and he used to pass around
[he hat: Rev. George C. Wooster was
also introduced and addressed the gath
ering Talks were delivered by Thomas
Johnson of Waltham. Mass.; Dr. Thomas
S Barber and Rev. Dr. Stevens following
Rev Dr. King offered the following
; resolution, which was adopted unani
mously :
Resolved. That we express our profound In
terest in the proposed ecumenical conference on
foreign missions to be held in New York April
21 to May 1 1900, and that we notify the mem
' bers of all our churches to join in earnest
Driver that the blessings of the great head of
the church may rest upon the meeting* that
arl to be held, and that the- conference may
' fhe means under God of greatly advancing the
caus? of Christian missions of every denomina
*%,£&£ 3 recommend to our people
in anticipation of the meeting of this confer
encl to inform themselves as to the labors of
men who have tolled and are still
• JniiinK in foreign fields, and as to the wonder
ful achievement of the spirit of God through
'■ th l r <,o r ive n d Str T l narwe encourage our people to
1 ««ist in every way in their power to make the
moving of this conference a most Bucessful
' ° n The afternoon session was opened with
' devotional exercises led by Rev. C. H.
: - a tributl to % late Dr. S. W Duncan,
"tribute to the late Dr. S. W. Duncan.
1 foreign secretary of the American Bap
> tut Missionary Union. They were unan
• imouslv adopted by a standing vote.
A number of addresses by missionaries
'■ fWr/fo lowed Rev. J. : L. Deering of
! Japan was the first introduced. He read
' a number of messages from that distant
• country and argued in favor of fore gn
' missions Rev. A. Frlesen. a Russian
m onary to the Telugus. was the next
> Sneaker and despite his accent charmed
• his audience Rev. J. W. Carlin of China
tofd of his work in Hongkong. Rev. J.
M Lynch gave- a short description of his
labors in Africa and made an appeal for
thf» missionaries. ' Rev. D. C. Simons of
, Canton Ch"na. and Rev. B. G. Phillips of
Asslm.' British India, followed. William
Ashmore Jr. was introduced and received
a welcome from the congregation.
i Mrs Friesen, wife of the Russian mis
, sionary, who has aided him in his labors,
was = escorted to the stage by f her hus
c band knd received a handkerchief salute.
• Rev. Dr. Hulbert. dean of the : Chicago
- Theological Seminary, introduced, a se
r ries of resolutions thanking the people of
this city for their hospitality, the press
for their splendid reports, the First Bap
tist Church, its pastor, choir, railroads
and steamship companies for courtesh-s
extended. The resolutions were adopted
and the convention adjourned to the call
from the executive committee.
Reception to J. A. Wiles
A reception was tendered J. A. wiles,
newly elected president of the Stale
Christian Endeavor Union, by the mem
bers of Golden Gate Union in the parlors
of Calvary Church Monday evening. The
reception was a very enjoyable affair,
and shows the high esteem in which Mr.
Wiles is held by the Endeavorers of this
city. Charles M. Whitney, president of
Golden Gate Union, acted as chairman,
and among- the numbers on the pro- k
gramme was a recitation by Miss Lowen- w
berg and a solo by Mrs. Mark. Music '
was furnished by the orchestra of the
First Baptist Church.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREUD'S
CORSET HOUSE
t Retiring from
Business!
PRICESCUT BELOW COST
On all the Leading and
Weil-Known Brands of
CORSETS
An early call advised,
for at the prices marked
sizes will soon be broken
M. FREUD & SON
742 and 744 Market St. A
AND *
10 Grant Avenue.
'
* For the Best $10 Suit
to order you must go to
JOE POHEIIYS.
For $25 you can get a |
fine, well made and well j
trimmed suit at i
JOE POHEIM'S.
Will cost elsewhere $40.
All-wool, stylish-cut
Pants to order from $4
JOE POHEIM'S,;
i 201-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bu«h # ,
1110-1112 Market St., 6. F. i
yfg^k »HOTOCRA?HS» 111 V■ I If*
9I(!^mI il ■ A™
THE NEW
war 10th Day. «S« smL: lL ■ fit II II 1 1
VITALSS cothDa - 1 - *L • DCIICnV
PnODtCIS THE IROYK 30th Day. , lI CHI Ell 111
BKSI'LTS. It quickly 4 surely removes Nervousness, Impotencr
Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effect*,
of self-abuse or rxcrss and indiscretion. - Restore! Lost Vitality m
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity »nd Consuls!
tion. Cures when all others fall. Insist on ha-ring VITAIJS^
no other. . Can be carried in the Test pocfet. By mail 111 <)••
per p»ckageorsix for »5.00 with a guarantee to Cure OF
Kefund the Money. Circular Free. Address ■•-..".
CALUMET CUKE CO., 884 Dearborn St., Chlca«»
■ Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy,
W. J. •". Bryan (two stores). Grant Drug Co.. In
• Oakland by Owl Drug Co, I"* ~ ■ •