VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 121.
MALOLOS TAKEN,
BUT AGUINALDO
HAS RUN AWAY
MACARTHUR
CONTINUES
TO ADVANCE
Nowhere Can the Insurgents
Stand Before the Boys
in Blue.
THEY FIRE THE CITY
The Rebels Retreat Along Railway
Into a Country Adapted for
Guerrilla Warfare.
feieclai Dispatch to The Call.
INILA, March
31.-12:35 p. m.
— General Mac-
Arthur's forces
entered Malolos
a few minutes
after 10 o'clock
this morning to
find the greater •
part of the city in ashes, having !
been burned by. the insurgents be- 1
fore evacuation.
It was learned that Aguinaldo
and his Cabinet left the city yes
terday, taking the archives of the |
tiled Filipino republic with
them. They have gone presuma- j
biy to San Fernando.
The insurgent army retreated
northward, after being driven out
of Malolos, and it is supposed
have the same city for an objec
tive point. The failure to capture
Aguinaldo is a source of sincere
regret, as it was believed his ar
would so dishearten his fol
lowers as to cause them to lay
down their arms, and the war
would end.
The Americans bivouacked at
Giguinto last night. The place
was not taken without a struggle,
which cost the Americans ten
killed and fifty wounded.
This morning baggage trains
were brought up and the bridges
repaired preparatory to begin
ning the advance upon Malolos.
Our scouts reconnoitered the
country within a mile of Malolos.
They did not find the enemy in.
force, though they discovered
many scattered bodies of armed
Filipinos and about 2000 panic
stricken natives, who were re
treating to the hills to the east
ward
The main body of Mac Arthur's
force reached a point about a
mile and a half from Malolos
without tiring a shot at 8 o'clock,
and after a rest of an hour and
coffee the advance against the
city was begun. They immedi
ately met with some opposition j
from a few hundred of the enemy
who were hidden in the woods,
but soon drove them out.
Half a mile farther on they had
another engagement with about
aooo rebels, who stood for a feu
minutes, but finally lied precipi- j
lately, leaving dead and wound
ed td the number of at least 200, \
showing the terrible havoc
caused by the American fire.
Another halt was made here, i
during which the troops were so
annoyed by the fire of the rebel
sharpshooters that they became |
impatient, and the order for the >
march against the city was given.
About' this time a dense vol- j
urae of smoke began to rise from j
Malolos, showing that it had been !
fired. The advance was made ns
vapidly as the heat would permit
m the hope of engaging the in
. sirgents before they could march
out, and a detour was made «*ith
the idea of heading off the army,
The San Francisco Call.
AMERICAN AND BRITISH FLEET SHELLING SAMOAN VILLAGE.
ADDITIONAL
CASUALTIES TO
OUR TROOPS
Otis' Official Report of the
Killed and Wounded Dur
ing the Fighting.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 3d.— Under
thi« date General Otis from Manila for
wards to Adjutant General Corbin the
following:
Addiitona) casaulties, March 28:
Killed— Second Oregon, Company A,
Private Bert T. Clark. Wounded—
Company L, Captain H. Wells, stom
ach, spent ball, slight; Sergeant W. W.
Wilson, hand. Blight; Private Charles
R. Robert, leg, slight; Frank E. Adams,
side, severe; Benjamin F. Smith Jr.,
legs, severe. Injured— Company X,
Quartermaster's Sergeant E. D. Coigan,
leg, slight. Company M, Private Ed
ward Jacques, hand, slight.
March 26: Wounded— Second Oregon.
Private Frank C. Woodruff, heel, mod
erate; Company G, E. G. Thornton,
hand, moderate.
March 29: Killed— First Nebraska.
Company B, Private James J. Boyle.
Wounded — First Nebraska, Company B,
First Sergeant Robbins, scalp; moder
ate; C, Privates Bruce Macy, shoulder,
severe; D, Charles Knapp, thigh, se
vere; E, Gustave Myer. knee, severe;
G, Lewis Reed, chest, severe; H, Emery
W. Grossman, arm, moderate; Charles
H. Youngs, thigh, severe; I, James
roll, thigh, severe; Joseph A. Wuhoe,
leg, moderate; M. Corporal Monroe
Spenee, foot, ."light.
Twentieth Kansas— Major Wilder 8.
Metcalf. foot, severe; F, Privates Hen
ry Ratcliff, thigh, severe; Waiter
Kemp, abdomen, moderate; William- E.
Ebert, hip, Bevere; Thaddeua <;. Alger
man, thigh, snirht; John E. Ballou. el
bow, slight;. L, Walter M. Yatt. fore
arm, slight; X, Sergeant Joseph De
wald, wrist, severe; Private A. I>. Hut
field, wounded March 27 and since died.
First Montana— A, Corporals William
H. Tolbert. wrist, severe; H, Sorunaen
Smith, arm, moderate; Privates Fred
Wheaton, back, severe; D. William
Marshall, head, severe; F, Edward ii.
Bewen, eye, Blight.
Tenth Pennsylvania — D. Corporal
Thomas Critchfield, groin, severe; Pri
- Patrick Cummings, heajd, moder
at< ; C, Ralph Downs, thigh, severe; E,
William H. West, leg. Blight; H. Alex
ander Young, arm, alight; I, Archibald
Powell, elbow, severe.
S.-cond Oregon — X, Private Thomas
C. Tov.nßend, foot, slight. Injured —
Tenth Pennsylvania, A, Private Alex
Coulter, groin, slight.
■♦©♦C+O-rO+O* O+G *©♦•©♦©♦©♦ H
which was known to be in retreat.
Several squads, aggregating 1000
men, who had been left to guard
the rear and engage the Ameri
cans so as to enable the main
body to make good its escape,
were encountered and after fir
ing a few volleys fled inconti
nently. The pursuit was kept up
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MARCH 31, 1599.
THE AMERICAN SOLDIERS
WERE DETERMINED TO KILL
EVERY FILIPINO IN SIGHT
WASHINGTON. March 30.—
The following extracts are
from a report just re
ceived by the Red Cross
from F. A. Blake of Califor
nia, in charge of the Red Cross work at
Manila. The report is dated February
15. It says;
"Just one week ago did the fighting
actually commence, and the past week
has brought about changes little
dreamed of. The insurgents have been
pushed back on all sides until our cir
cle and outposts have advanced in some
directions as much as twelve miles.
"Our boys fought like tigers and
made such a name for themselves for
bravery, endurance and strict disci
pline as will, be handed down to pos
terity for ages to come. With the
thirty-three wounded last night at
Malabay, it brings our total dead and
wounded up to date a trifle under 200.
I never saw such execution in my life
and hope never to see such sights as
met me on all sides as our little corns
passed over the field, dressing wound
ed legs and arms nearly demolished,
total decapitation, horrible wounds in
chests and abdomen, showing the de
termination of our soldiers to kill every
«♦©♦©♦©♦ © ♦ © ♦ O +©+©+©♦ O-fO-t-
for probably half a mile, when,
not coming up with the enemy,
orders were given to retire upon
Malolos.
The American casualties were
very light. None are reported
killed, while the wounded num
ber not more than twenty-five or
thirty. It is not known whether
the pursuit will be continued to
day. The insurgents are so de
moralized that it is not thought
they can be reorganized into a
formidable force, even if given
time, while a rest will be of in
calculable value to the Ameri
cans.
Calumpit, six miles north of
Malolos, will be the next point to
be gained, and orders have been
given for the transportation of
rails and bridge material to that
point. The country in that vi
cinity is rough and badly cut with
water courses, making an ad
vance necessarily slow. This is
an ideal country for guerrilla war
fare, and it is possible that the in
surgents may make a stand there.
Reports received at General
Otis' headquarters indicate that
General Hall's brigade had a
brush with the insurgents at Ma
riquina this morning, in which
the Americans suffered severely.
'♦MANILA, March 31 —
Adjutant General, Wash
ington: Mac Arthur cap
tured Malolos at 10:15
this morning. The en
emy retired after slight
resistance, firing the city.
"Hall had quite a se
vere engagement beyond
Maraquina. Casualties
20. Enemy driven. OTIS."
native in sight.
"The Filipinos did stand their ground
heroically, contesting every inch, but
proved themselves unable to stand the
deadly fire of our well trained and eager
boys in blue. I counted seventy-nine
dead natives in one small field and
learn that on the other side of the river
their bodies were stacked up for breast
works. The blockhouses filled with na
tives were stubbornly held and only
taken after bayonet charges. There is
where we had so many wounded.
"You see, they seek shelter behind
the densely wooded localities, while we
must advance in the open, and many ,
times only guess at their locality. I
witnessed many daring deeds of indi
vidual soldiers and officers, absolutely
defying death under a perfect shower !
of bullets. This kind of fighting and j
pushing forward has completely par- j
alyzed the natives, as the Spanish
would simply make a sortie and return
for a siesta and smoke,- wait for an
other week or mo-nth and repeat the
thing. A Spanish officer, surveying the
field, made the remark that the Amer
icans had no etiquette in warfare, not
allowing the troops to stop for a week j
after an attack. This rush is putting
©♦©+©+©♦ C ♦ © +© ♦ © ♦ ©♦©+©+ ©C<
No details are yet obtainable.
The casualties in the light last
night at Giguinto are officially
reported as follows:
First Nebraska — Four killed,
thirty wounded.
Tenth Pennsylvania — One
killed, three wounded.
First South Dakota — Ten
wounded.
The troops are standing the
work better than at first. The
army is in splendid lighting trim.
The infantry is doing most of the
work, as the artillery cannot be
brought up rapidly.
The enemy's loss was appar
ently small, the jungle affording
them such protection that the
Americans were unable to see
them, and in firing were guided
only by the sound of the Fili
pino's shots. The American ar
tillery was handicapped for the
same reason.
Last night's long line of camp
fires made a beautiful sight, with
the Twentieth Kansas Regiment
on the left of Giguinto station
and the Pennsylvania Regiment
on the right, beyond the river.
The provision train was de
layed by broken bridges, but the
stores of grain and flocks of
ducks in the locality furnished
THREE WARSHIPS
STILL SHELLING
SAMOAN REBELS
the fear of God in the natives and I
think when Aguinaldo's headquarters
is attacked they will cry enough and
surrender."
Blake goes on to tell erf arduous
work performed by Dwight, Tanner,
Nurrows and himself: how the Filipinos
fired on wounded being carried from the
front, and adds:
"We found all we could do dressing
wounded Filipinos after first satisfying
ourselves that our own had been at
tended to. The moral effect it had on
the natives to see their wounded being
so humanely looked after was electrify
ing. Had the order of things been re
versed our wounded would have been
treated to a machete stab.
"Our surgeon (Dr. Young of Utah),
while actually dressing a wounded man
on the field, was cmtrapped and his
throat cut from ear to ear, his fingers
cut off and otherwise most cruelly
mutilated, showing the treachery of the
natives and utter disregard for Red
Cross attaches.
"Yesterday I was with Colonel Smith
of the First California and in the name
of the BOciety presented him $1000 for
the regiment and $1000 for the Ermita
Hospital. Both were most gratefuL"
ample forage.
The hospital work is remarka
bly efficient, as it has been
throughout the whole campaign.
The telegraphers keep abreast of
the line and maintain a constant
connection with the city.
WASHINGTON HEARS THAT
MALOLOS HAS FALLEN
Belief That Further Resistance
on the Part of the Rebels
Will Be Hope/ess.
NEW YORK, -March 30.— The Wash
ington correspondent of tho Herald
sends the following. The news cabled
to The Call-Herald of the fall of Malo
los was conveyed to^the White House
by Assistant Secretary Meiklejohn and
Adjutant General Corbin shortly be
fore 1 o'clock this morning.
It was the first news of the capture
received In Washington, and was re
ceived with Intense satisfaction. The
President had retired and the night
doorkeeper at the White House decided
not to disturb him.
"You have given us the first news
and it is indeed pood new?." said As
sistant Secretary Meiklejohn. "It is
just what I have been expecting. The
fall of Malolos. I presume, means its
capitulation and practically the end of
the war in the With this
city in the h %'r of the Americans,
Aguinaldo has ar his base of supplies
so that further resistance seems hope
le?F."
In a dispatch received by the War
Department last night General Otis an
nounced the commencement of the at
tack on tho rebel Ptronghold. His dis
patch is dated Friday because of the
ENGLAND IS
URGING THE
AMERICANS
Sentiment of Great Britain
Voiced by "The Speaker"
This Week.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, March 30.—The .Speaker
this week, commenting upon the diffi
culties of the Americans in the Phil
ippines and asserting that the new se
ries -of troubles, which is said to be in
evitable, even after the capture of Ma
lolos, probably puts an end to the Fil
pino republic, says:
"It must be noted throughout the
present struggle that the Filipinos have
put themselves in the wrong. The plea
that they were nghtintr in defense of
their rights does not hold good in the
case of Manila, which is the center of
European interests. It could not be
left to the mercy of revolutionaries. j
America, through no fault of her own. '
has become responsible for the goo.d
government of the Philippines, and is
bound to suppress Aguinaldo as we
suppressed Arabi Pasha, for the pro
tection of European interests in Egypt.
''It may be possible hereafter to give
the Filipinos local self-government,
even independence, but, for the present,
it is absolutely necessary to secure
peace at Manila for the maintenance of
the commerce of the islands. If, by
threatening this, the Filipino govern
ment made itself impossible, the fault
lies with itself and not with the United
States. For the present the gallant
troops in the newer west are the man
datories of civilization and Europe and
are carrying oil the war in the interest |
of peace."
S+O-K>*©*©+ ©♦ O ♦©*©♦©♦©♦©♦»
I
j
difference in time between Manila and
Washington. This is his message:
MANILA, March 31.—Adjutant General,
Washington: Mac Arthur made his dispo
sitions yesterday- for the attack on Ma
lolos to-day. The engagement opened at
7 o'clock this morning and is now prog- !
ressing. The casualties yesterday were
four killed and twenty-three wounded. All
were brought to Manila last night. Hall
moved out from the pumping station at
daylight this morning with three bat- \
talions northeastward. He attacked and
has taken Maraquina and is pursuing the
enemy. "He was ordered. to return this
afternoon. OTIS.
The department was informed yester
day of the dispatch of the Minnesota
regiment to the front in order to
strengthen General Mac Arthur's com
mand in the attack upon Malolos.
Among the foreign attaches stationed
at Washington the fighting about Ma
nila is- being followed with critical in
terest. They speak of it in rather seri
ous terms, the prevailing view being
that the insurgents can keep up a long
and harassing running fight.
One of. the foreign representatives
who has seen long service in the Far
East said that casualties of twenty-one
a day may seem small, but when Ions:
Continued on Second Page.
PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
THE KAISER
IS NOT APT
TO MAKE WAR
Official Press of Berlin Takes
a Most Conciliatory
Tone.
WASHINGTON UNEASY
Probable That All of the Officials
Now at Apia Will Be
Recalled.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, March 30.— A brief
dispatch from Apia, Samoa,
dated March 30, says:
The bombardment con
tinues. In pursuance of military
orders the whites have evacuated
many houses.
The chiefs of the Tanu party, who
were exiled to other islands, have
been brought back from Upolu. The
firearms and ammunition taken from
the Tanu men on January 2 have
■ been returned.
■
The German Government was taken
. wholly by surprise with the news from
| Samoa. The Imperial Chancellor, Prince
j Hohenlohe, is spending his birthday,
j which occurs to-morrow, at Baden
Baden, and the Minister of Foreign Af
faiFS. Baron Yon Bulow. is enjoying a
fortnight's vacation in Holstein.
But a well-informed individual Bays
the Government here is skeptical as to
. Admiral Kautz' instructions. He adds
that the instructions for a bombard
ment were based on the British and
American claims that Mataafa was con
travening the Samoan act. But. the
official points out, the contravention
was not specific, and the Government
presumes that if the act was really in
fringed Horr Rose, the German Consul,
I would also have protested, as his Gov
ernment had instructed him to strictly
( onform to the act.
! The assertion that Herr Rose protest
j ed the deposition of the pro
| visional government is doubted, as it
' is claimed Herr Rose was instructed not
to identify himself Srith Mutaafa more
closely than the representatives of the
other powers.
There is considerable curiosity in this
city as to the effect the outbreak will
have upon the attitude of the United
States and Great Britain, but the view
remains that the final settlement will
be in no way changed by the outbreak
of hostilities, but must be arranged by
the joint action of the three cabinets.
The semi-official Post comments calmly
upon the new situation and says that
Germany will remain neutral.
The National Zeitung. commenting
upon the Samoan situation, says:
"While it appears that the American
and British representatives thought
the- Mataafans were contravening: the
treaty, the meeting held on the Phila
delphia had no jurisdiction because the
unanimous approval of the three Con
suls is necessary to make any ded
j sions legal."
The National Zeitung adds that fur-
J ther information is nei ssary in order
to show whether the Americans and
| British had sufficient reason for re-
Bortlng to armed intervention, and
; concludes by remarking: "Thus far
I the only result appears to have been
: destruction and anarchy."
Replying to the allegations of the
i Daily Chronicle of London that the
I United States Embassador here, An
drew D. White, has been pro-German
in his handling of the Samoan question
the Cologne Gazette says semi-ofri
cially:
"For some time we have noticed that
the efforts of the English press to cre
ate bad blood between the United
States and Germany have taken fresh
j impulse from the latest developments
!at Samoa. Not to mention otner in
; stances which show the mood of the
English press, the London Times a few
I days ago circulated a false story to the
; effect that Germany was intending to
I withdraw frc-m the Berlin treaty. Now
> the Daily Chronicle claims to know as a
< fact that the United States Embassa
dor, Mr. White, has aroused great dis
satisfaction in the United States be
cause of his handling the Samoan ques
tion principally from. the German stand
point.
"It would be honoring the Daily
Chronicle too much if we were to en
: deavor to protect the American Embas
sador against trie absolutely unproven
accusations of a serious violation of his
duty. It is sufficient to say again that
■ bitterly and with a talent for in
venting false reports the English press
is pursuing everybody who is suspected
; of being apt to- foster the good and
friendly relations between the United
Sta.tes and Germany."
ROSE, CHAMBERS, OSBORN
WILL ALL BE WITHDRAWN
Perhaps a New Set of Officials
Can Keep the Peace in
Samoa.
NEW YORK. March 30.— The Her
| aid's Washington correspondent send*2
the following: Pending action by the
three governments looking to the set
tlement of the Samoan controversy
Rear Admiral Kautz and the command-
Ing officer of the British cruiser Por
poise will maintain the status quo in
the island?.
This agreement was reached at a
conference to-day between Secretary
Hay and Sir Julian Pauncefote and is
understood to have been acquiesced in
by Baron yon Sternberg, First Secre
tary of the German Embassy.
It can be stated authoritatively that
the administration while deprecating
the existence of such a state of affairs
in Samoa is not alarmed over the situ
ation and in fact it is expected the con
flict between the American and British
warships and the Mataafans will re
stilt in the immediate settlement of a
question which otherwise might have
been long drawn out.
It can be further stated that Chief
Justice Chambers, Consul General Os
born ar.d Herr Rose, the German Con
sul, will all be withdrawn. This action
will not, however, be taken at once and
may be dependent upon the findings of
the commission, proposal for the ap
pointment of which is understood to
have been submitted by this Govern
ment and to be under negotiations.
From ihe official standpoint there is
a discouraging lack of information and
I was told at the State Department to
day that Consul General Osboin had
been instructed to send a full report of
the trouble to the State Department.
It is expected that Rear Admiral Kautz
will append his statement to that of
the consular officer.
OFFICIALS AT WASHINGTON
ARE HOPEFUL OF PEACE
Do Not Express a Belief That
Germany Will Turn Ugly, What
ever They May Feel.
jL WASHINGTON, March 30.— The seri-
condition of affairs in Sar.ioa en-
the attention of oinciala through-
Kut the day and there were confei
ftt ihe White House between the Pr> si-
Hdent and Secretary Hay, and at the.
■State Department between the S
and the British Embassador and
w Baron yon Sternberg, first secretary
■ the. German Embassy. But out oi" i\
rot a word of additional informatiui:
was contributed from any official
source. The only autnoritative stau -
ment came from the Navy Departiu
ving a brief dispatch from Admiral
Kautz. This threw no light on the
latest outbreak and, owing to a tangle
of d&tes, it served only to further in
the mystery. In view of the fact
thai the fighting was widespread and
long continued and the Foreign Offices J
at London and Berlin had been officially
advised .of the affair, it was regarded
;^ somewhat strange that the State
and -Navy departments should be en
tirely without information on a bom
bardment by an American admiral, l.'p
to the clost_- of office hours it was stated
that nothing had conic from any of
our representatives in Samoa dealing
v.ith the outbreak of hostilities.
Sir Julian Pauncefote, the British
Embassadur. w< nt to the Staie Depart
ment at 11 o'clock, accompanied by his I
secretary, Mr. Elliott, and conferred i
with Secretary iiay. As this was the
retj.i'ar diplomatic day little signifi- ,
etince would have attached to the call
under ordinary circumstances, but with
British and American warships co
operating in a bombardment, more than
-Lial interest attached to the call.
There is no doubt that the serious de
y'elopmenta in Samoa were discussed.
While there may be a dearth of official
information, at the same time the ac
tual events carry out what haw b
anticipated and give r. basis for intel
ligently considerin-g the further joint
action of the two governments in the
complete settlement of the entire Sa
moan trouble. Both nations are acting
in complete accord, hot only as to the
general solution of the Samoan prob
lem, but in particular with reference to
the force exerted by the British and
American naval commanders.
■As to the German attitude, It is stated
positively in a quarter thoroughly fa
miliar with German official sentiment
that the outbreak now reported can un
der n,o circumstances be construed as
an overt act against Germany nor as a
C&8U8 belli. This is from such a source
that it largely removes the possibility
of international complications. As an
evidence of the conciliatory sentiment
<f the German Government' it was said
to-day that the note delivered to the
department last week urged in behalf !
< f the German Government, that the !
gbod relations existing between two
such nations as the United States and
Germany would not be interrupted by
a matter of such comparative unimpor
tance as an official dispute in Samoa.
It is said that the German Government
probably would have accepted Admiral
Kautz as a sort of umpire, laking his
decision as final, but that the objection,
quite forcibly expressed to the StaK-
Department, was the manner of his go-
Ing to Samoa while, friendiy exchanges
v.ere go-ing on -without notice to Ger
l .any,
The German Embassador has received
n© advices and no Instructions relative i
j«0 the- reported bombardment, and there i
evidence thus far that Germany I
will protest or assume a bpllif,
o tbne. From the German standpoint the
|rio c st serious aspect is that the bom
bardment will excite public feeling on
berth sides of the water, leading to pop- |
ul^r outbursts which will overcome the i
efforts to secure a settlement.
"•One of the latest propositions toward!
•c. Settlement is that three commission
ers 'be appointed, one from each coun
try, to meet in Samoa and sit as a court
in settlement of the difficulty.
The State Department has not yet
received official advices. The demon
stration is regretted, but the opinion is
exp.°pscd that Admiral Kautz acted on
whAt "vas his best judgment and infor
mation. The State Department ac- I
knowledges that no permanent agree- j
ment can be reached under the treaty j
in A l , hkh all three powers do not agree.
and ttte hope is thru s<.-m^ settlemehi
of the. difficulty may be brought about
when it becomes apparent that the
present conditions cannot exist indefi
nitely.
Admiral Kautz acted within his In
structions. It is believed he eonclU'
lifter cbnsuJtaUoti with Captain Stur
dee, of the Porpoise, * the senior British
nav.il officer. Mid the United States and
British <"<>] suls, that a state of anarchy
cxi.M"d uhi.h called f'>r action. Tlv?
fact that the edicts of the Chief JusUce
v.ere disregarded and were ignored al
though : by the representatives
of two of the governments made such
a ©ourse imperative. There is no doubt, |
■n;Uh the facts now at hand, that Ad
miral Kautz will be sustained by the
United Rates Government
The only dispatch received at, Wash
ington from Apia was given out to-day
as follows:
APIA. March 16 (via Auckland, March
CANDIES FOR
THE SOLDIERS
IN SERVICE
Sweets That May Remove the
i Taste of Bad Beef From
Their Mouths.
ALGER'S VERY LATEST
■
Army Officers Ridicule the New
Ration Ordered by the Head of
the War Department.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 30.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: A determined effort is being
made, by the commissary department
of the army to make.soldiers forget the
bad beef given to them during the last
year. They are to have candy in fu
ture. Perhaps with an idea of sweet
ening the meat this addition to the list
of soldiers' edibles has been decided
upon.
Before the departure of Secretary Al- j
gr-r from Washington he approved of I
this circular, which was issued to-day: j
"The Secretary of War authorizes the i
following articles to be kept on hand i
for sale as staples to officers and en
listed men, viz:
"Articles — Sundries: Candies.
"Varieties — that have good
keeping Qualities.
"Unit of weight or measure —Pound.
"Kinds of unit preferred —One-half I
pound."
This circular has occasioned much
comment among officers of long service, j
who ridiculed the idea of lugging candy !
along to feed troops engaged in arduous '
work.
"Think of sending candy to men who !
are fighting before Malolos," said an
army officer. to me to-day. "If some of j
the beef is supplied to them it .might J
have the effect of taking the taste out :
of their mouths, but I am afraid it I
would be ruinous to their complexions.
I would suggest that a large quantity
of oranges be sent out to Manila, and a
stick of lemon candy and an orange be '
furnished to each man. The sight of !
such dainties would doubtless make the
Filipino mouth water, and who knows
but that it might bring about the end .
of the rebellion.
"I am afraid, however, that while a .
stick of candy might suit some of the |
enlisted men of the regulars, the vol
unteers would prefer a higher grade. j
Mark my words, the candy circular will (
be the subject of legal interpretation j
before it is enforced many months."
H4©4©4 ©40404 O+O +0404©404 9
29).— Secretary of the Navy, Washington: ■
Situation is improving since the telegram
of the ISth, via Sydney, X. S. W. ■
• KAUTZ.
The President has been informed of
the situation and very much regrets
that serious trouble had arisen, but has
requested full information from our
officials in Samoa at the earliest possi
ble moment. It is learned that the dis
patch of Rear Admiral. Kautz, dated
Samoa, March 16, to which he referred
in his cable dated Auckland, gave the
result of his investigations into the
situation after his arrival. His con
clusion fully sustained the contention
of the British and American Consuls
which was in exact accord with the j
conclusion already reported by the
British naval commander, Captain
Sturdee, of the Porpoise.
The dispatch of the 16th probably loft :
Apia on or prior to the 10th instant. j
The German Embassy here received
advices forwarded by the same steamer
to Sydney which reported the arrival
of Rear Admiral Kautz and said that
he called a meeting of the Consuls |
aboard the Philadelphia for the 11th. [
So far as the text of the dispatch given !
out to-day goes absolutely no mention j
is made of the result of the meeting j
aboard the Philadelphia or any of the j
subsequent events reported in the dis
patches. Through the advices given to
the public by the Navy Department it
Is only known that Admiral Kautz's
investigation sustained the position
taken by the American and British
Consuls and that the situation since the
date of that report has improved dur
ing the time before the last brief dis
patch received to-day via Auckland
was sent.
GERMAN PRESS NOW
REFRAINS FROM COMMENT
LONDON. March 31.— The Berlin cor
respondent of the Times says: Pend
ing further Information from Samoa the
German press refrains from comment
calculated to embitter the controversy
or to imperil the pending negotiations.
The events that have occurred are de
-6 mainly because they may in
fluence public opinion adversely to the
Government's policy of cultivating
England's friendship. It is feared they
may give occasion to a suspicious and
mistrustful section of the public to re
proach the Government with the first
fruits of its rapprochement with Eng
land and the United States. On the
other hand no Inclination exists to form
premature judgment on the action of
Admiral Kautz and the British and
American officials.
The Times says editorially: "All
three- Governments concerned deserve
credit for the sensible and conciliatory
temper displayed over the events in
Samoa. Obviously no solution is ac
ceptable under present conditions save
the maintenance of the Berlin act. but
Great Britain is ready to concert with
the other powers any measures for im
proving the local situation, such, for
instance, as disarming the natives and
forbidding the Importation of arms."
BRITISH REPORT
OF THE CONFLICT
WASHINGTON, March 30.— The Brit
ish Embassy here has received advices
from Samoa in the shape- of a dispatch
to th': British Foreign Office from its
representative there. It is under date
of March M, and la a brief report on
the collisl 11 the two native
factions th< re and the bombardment by
the Brltl«!l ;m<J American vessels. The
dispatch doe* qoI go into details, but
is confirm) ! h r ' advices already
received by th<-: Associated Press. It
says that the- rebel faction advanced
into town and b<--gan occupation. It
was then determined by the command
ers of the British and American ves
sels to bombard the villages occupied.
It announced that four British sailors
were killed. This dispatch had been
cabled to Embassador Pauncefote here.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 31. 1899.
HOAR SPEAKS FOR
FREEDOM FOR ALL
Burning Words prom the Veteran Re
publican Leader That Will Mal^e th>e
Expansionists Wince,
BOSTON, March 30.— A letter bearing
the date of February 4 and signed by
100 or more of the most prominent men
In and around this city, headed by ex-
Governor George S. • Boutwell. com
mending the attitude in Congress of
Senator Hoar and inviting him to ad
dress them at a future date, was made
public to-day.
Accompanying it is the letter of ac
knowledgment from Senator Hoar,
bearing date of yesterday, in which he
says:
I do not think there is any reason per-
I sonal to me for holding such a public
nn-eting. Undoubtedly there should De
and there will be many public meetings
j the country over to protest against
trampling under font the rights of a
I brave people struggling for their liber
• ties, the violations of the principles of
our own constitution and of the Declara
i tion of Independence, and of the- contin
uance by the American people in the cost
ly and ruinous path whicn has brought
other republics to ruin and shame, which
I will dishonor labor, place intolerable bur
j dens upon agriculture and fasten upon
1 the republic the shame of what President
i McKinley has so lately and so truthfully
i declared to be criminal aggression. But
! I think it will be wiser to have meet
ings of that character a little later rather
than just now. We do not yet know
I whether ihe present war for the subjuga
tion of the people of the Philippines is
to continue indefinitely or whether there
is to be a speedy submission to the over
whelming power of the Vnited States.
If the war shall shortly be ended we
shall then be able to discuss the ques
tion of our national duty freo from the
disturbing influences which exist always
when the country is at war. If, on the
other hand, the war shall long and in
definitely continue, the people will he
ein to feel the burden of increased debt
and increased taxation, the loss of life
and health of our youth and the derange- |
ment of trade and peaceful industry.
Senator Hoar says further:
The blood of the slaughtered Fili
pinos, the blood and the wasted
health and life of our own soldiers,
is upon the heads of those who have |
undertaken to buy a people in the i
market like sheep or to treat them as
lawful prize and booty of war, to im
pose a government on them without
their consent and to trample under
foot not only the people of the Phil
ippine Islands, but the principles
upon which the American republic it- ;
self rests.
The law of righteousness and justice
or which the great and free American
people should act, and in the end, I am j
sure, will act. depends not upon paral- I
f latitude and meridians of longi- i
tude or points of the compass. It is the ■
Bame yesterday, to-day and forever. It ,
is as true now as when our fathers de
MALOLOS TAKEN,
GUT AGUINALDO
has run away
Continued from First Page.
continued reach discouraging propor
tions.
Since the fighting with the insur
gents bei?an pome of the foreign Gov
ernments have arranged to send their
military attaches to Manila to observe
the developments. The Italian mili
tary expert already has left on that
mission.
ADVANCE OF THE AMERICANS
UPON AGUINALDO'S CAPITAL
The Rebels Show Little Disposi
tion to Stand Before the Gal
lant Yankee Volunteers.
Sppolnl Cable ti The fall and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISW, by James Gor
don Bennett.
AT THE FRONT, TWO MILES
FROM MALOLOS, via Manila,
March 30.— The advance began at
2:30 o'clock this morning along
the railroad. The First Brigade
was held in- reserve. Fire was opened
cm the enemy on our extreme right.
The Nebraska Volunteers got the brunt
of it and ran for the enemy's positions.
The rebels i^ft, going toward the hills.
The Nebraska Regiment lost thirty
wounded and four killed.
The Pennsylvania Regiment lost one
killed and one wounded.
TJie South Dakotas lost two wounded.
The advance was in a skirmish line,
but was barred by jungle and lagoons.
The advance continued for a mil^ with
out incident, the enemy apparently hav
ing gone. Two natives came in under
a white flag and begged our protection.
General Mac Arthur told them to re
turn, saying we would not harm non
combatants. The natives left, but al
most immediately the enemy's outpost
fired down the railroad track on Gen
eral Mac Arthur and his staff.
On the advance of our men the
enemy's outposts withdrew. Two in
surgent trenches were passed deserted.
Immediately in our front the first
trenches of the insurgents about Malo
los are visible.
A hard light is expected. We are
bivouacking here to-night and move on
to Malolos to-morrow.
SUPERVISORS STEADFAST.
< Have Not Reconsidered Their Recent
Action Prohibiting Betting
at Race Tracks.
The statement printed in a morning
paper yesterday to the effect that the
Supervisors contemplated modifying
their recent action against horse racing
is branded as untrue by the members of
the board.
"What purports to be an interview with
me on tho racing question has been
f>rinted." said Supervisor Collins, "but
t is absolutely false. I was not inter
viewed and the sentimentK credited to me
do not express my views. The writer
was romancing."
"If tho racing question had been dis
cussed 1 would have heard something
about It," said Supervisor Holland. "I
attended no meeting, as alleged, and the
matter of a reconsideration of our re
cent action has not been broached to
me."
SENATOR GEORGE F. HOAR,
clared it in 1776. It is as binding upon
William McKinley to-day as it was upon
George Washington or Abraham Lincoln.
The only powers of government the
American people can recognize are just
powers and those powers rest upon the
consent of the governed.
No man during this whole discussion
has successfully challenged, and no man
will successfully challenge:
♦ 4
■f First— The affirmation that un- 4
+ der tho constitution of the I'nited 4
4 States the acquisition of territory, 4
-♦■ aa of other property, is not a con- 4
+ stltutional end, but only a means 4
-♦- to a constitutional end. and that, 4
-4 while the making of new States 4
4 and providing a national defense 4
4 are constitutional ends, so that we 4
-♦- may acquire and hold territory for 4
4 thr?e purposes, for the governing 4
4 of subject peoples is not a constitu- 4
4 tional end and that there is there- 4
-♦- fore no constitutional warrant for ♦
4- acquiring and holding territory for >
-♦• that purpose. 4
+ Second — That to leave our own +
4- country to stand on foreign snil is
4- in violation of the warnings of our 4
-- fathers and of the farewell ad- 4
4- dress of Washington. ■*•
4 ♦
+ Third — That there was 4
+ never a tropical country gov- 4
-t- erned with any tolerable sue- 4
♦ cess without a system of con- 4
•f tract labor. 4
COMIC OPERA
SINGER LOSES
HER REASON
WILL BE SENT TO A PRI
VATE INSANE ASYLUM.
She Imagines She Is Being Pursued
by a Relentless Enemy, Who
Wants to Kill
Her.
Lilly Post, who has achieved consider
able success as an opera singer, is locked
up In a padded cell in the insane ward
at the Receiving Hospital. Her friends,
realizing that her mind was failing, last
night concluded to have her locked up
pending an examination as to her sanity.
The unfortunate woman imagines that
pho is being pursued by a relentless en
emy who is determined to kill her. After
being placed in a padded cell she sang
several snatches from comic operas,
which were, listened to with rapt atten
tion by the other inmates and the at
taches of the hospital. Tier sweet voice
could be heard some distance away and
attracted a crowd of passers-by, who re
fused to disperse until ordered to do so
by the police.
The unfortunate woman, it is claimed,
exhibited symptoms of a decayed mind
shortly after her return from Australia,
where she had spent several months, fre
quently appearing in comic opera.
She returned to this city a short time
ago and secured an engagement at the
Alhambra.
At the conclusion of her engagement she
actrd strangely, and a grave suspicion
w;is felt that she was losing her reason.
It was not until several days ;>po. how
ever, that she showed unmistakable signs
of insanity. While walking along the
Btreet, it is said, she would suddenly stop
and listen to some imaginary song. She
would join In the chorus, her melodious
voice being heard some distance away.
After being placed In the cell Miss I'usi
piteously to be released.
"1 am not crazy." she declared. "Please
do nor let them send me to an asylum."
She then became violent and demanded
to be allowed to go home. It is the inten
tion of her friends to take her to some
private asylum, where they earnestly
hope by careful treatment that her men
tal balance will be. restored. '
Some .sears ago the California song
stress made a decided hit ai the Tlvoll by
hei Bweel voice. She gained considerable
notoriety at the time ny refusing to ap
pear In tights. She has a mother living
in this city, as well as two brothers-
Ralph Post, the well-known song and
danci artist, and "Stan" Post, the famous
angler.
Noted Railroad President Here.
C S. Mellen, president of the Northern
Pacific, is registered at the Palace with
his wife. They arrived yesterday in a
special car from St. Paul, and are here
merely on a pleasure trip.
Mr. Mellen is probably the highest sal
aried railroad president in the United
States to-day, his compensation being
the same as that of the Chief of this
great nation, (50,000. For this sum he
directs the destinies of the system run
ning* from St. Paul to Tacoma.
Two years ago Mr. Mellon was vice
president of the New York, New Haven
and Hartfora Railroad, but resigned to
accept the more exalted position for
which ho is eminently ntteu. Previous to
that he was traffic manager of the Union
Pacific w.h> n Charles Francis Adams was
Its president.
Mr. Mellen is a brother-in-law of New
ton Foster, assistant manager of the Pa
cific system of the Southern Pacific.
Here on Military Business.
Adjutant General Peeler came down
from Sacramento last evening and regis
tered at the California. He is in the city
on military business.
t Fourth— The trade advantages of 4
the Philippine Islands, if there he ■♦•
4- any, must be opened alike to all ♦
4- the world and that our share uf 4
-- them will never begin to pay the >
4- cost of subjugating them by war +
■*■ or holding thtm in si/bjection in 4
-- peace. -f
-- Fifth— That the military occupa- >•
-♦- tion of these tropical regions must 4
-- he kept at an Immense cost both 4
-- to the souls and the bodies of our 4
-- soldiers. 4
♦ Sixth— That the declaration as to +
■♦- Cuba by the President and by Con- +
4- gross applies with stronger force 4 1
♦• to the case of the PHTiippine Isl- 4
: 4" ands. ■+■
I - Seventh— That Aguinaldo and his 4
4- followers, before we began to 4
-- make war upon them, had con- 4
-- quered their own territory and in- 4
; 4- dependence from Spain with the ♦
| 4- exception of a single city and were 4
-- getting ready to establish a free ■*■
4/ constitution. +
4- Eighth— That while they are 4
-- fighting for freedom and indepen- 4
-- dence and the doctrines of our 4^
4- fathers, we are fighting for the ■♦■
4- principles that one people may +
4- control and govern another In spite 4
+ uf its resistance and against iis •♦•
i ♦ will. +
♦ Ninth— That the language and 4
-♦- arguments of those who object to -♦-
tthis war are, without change, the -♦•
language and arguments of Chat- >■
-t- ham. of Fox, of Burke, of Barre, 4
-- of Camden and of the English and 4
-- American Whigs, and the language 4
-- and argument of tho.se who sup- -f
4- port it are the language and argu- ■♦•
4- ment of George 111, of L,ord North, -f
4- of Mansfield, of Wedderburn, of -♦■
t Johnson and of the English and 4-
American Tories. 4
■f ♦
|-f Tenth — No orator or news- -f
+ paper or preacher, being a 4
■♦- supporter of this policy of sub- ■♦-
4- jugation, dares repeat in +
4- speech or in print any of the 4
4. great utterances for freedom 4
' of Washington, of Jefferson, 4
4. of John Adams, of Abraham +
+ Lincoln or of Charles Sumner. 4.
The Question the American people are
now considering and with which they are
about to deal is not a question of a day
or dl" a year, of an administration, or of
: a century. It is to affect and largely dr.
termine the whole history of the country
We can i e.j\' v " from a mistake in r<
to other matters which have liner
] ested or divided the people, however im
i portant or serious. Tariffs and currency
and revenue laws, even foreign wars, all
these, as Thomas Jefferson said, "are
: billows which will pass under the ?hip."
But if the republic is to violate the law
of its being, Ir it is to be converted into
an empire, not only the direction of voy
age is to be changed, but the chart and
the compass are to be thrown away. We
have not as yet taken the irrevocable
step. Before it is taken let the voice of
th» whole people Tie heard. I am, with
high regard, faithfully yours.
GEORGE F. HOAR.
TO CELEBRATE
"DEWEY DAY"
ON MAY FIRST
BIG EXCURSION TO THE SANTA
CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
All Under the Auspices of Pacific
Coast Association of the Na
tive Sons of Ver
mont.
Admiral Dewey's victory at Manila will
be commemorated by a grand celebration
on the Ist of May. which" is hereafter to
be known as "Dewey day." This was de
cided upon last night at a meeting of the
committee of arrangements of the Pa
cific Coast Association of the Native Sons
of Vermont which met at the Occidental.
Considerable enthusiasm prevailed at the
meeting, over which Judge Edward A.
Belcher presided and S. G. Cheever acted
as secretary. The celebration, which is
to be an elaborate affair, will be held at
Sunset Park, Wright's Station, in the
Santa Cruz Mountains, under the auspices
of the association. A number of other
patriotic bodies have expressed their de
termination to assist In the celebration.
Among those from whom letters were re
ceived signifying their intention to be
present were: James A. Garfleld Post,
G. A. R. ; Ohio Society of California; Se
quoia Chapter, Daughters of the Ameri
can Revolution; Bunker Hill Association,
Military Order, Loyal Legion of the
United States and the Veterans of the
Mexican War.
It is the purpose of the societies to cele
brate the grand victory of Admiral Dewey
on May 1 of each year (the anniversary
of the battle) under the designation of
"Dewey day."
Requests will be sent to Department
Commander General Shafter, Captain
Henry Glass of the Pensacola and Cap.
tain Silas Terry of the lowa to tire sa
lutes on that day, and a ready assent is
expected.
A blue badge was adopted, that being
the color of the admiral's pennant, bear
ing the legend "Dewey Day," in gilt let
ters.
A committee was appointed to prepare
a programme of games, for which valua
ble prizes will be given. For the exer
cises the Park Band of twelve pieces has
been engaged and Rhys Thomas, the tal
ented tenor, and his quartet will render
selections. There will be other features
of interest which will make the occasion
a memorable one well worth witnessing.
A. E. Lucas was elected grand marshal
of the day.
Round-trip tickets have been placed at
the low price of $1 for adults and 50 cents
for children under 12 years of age.
.
Vilas Party Arrives.
A portion of the Viias party, which has
heen In Pasadena during the past two
months, arrived in this city yesterday
afternoon and engaged apartments at
the Palace. It comprises R. C. Vilas of
Chicago, with his wife, his daughters
Elsie and Eleanor, his son Ward A. and
two small boys. Mr. VUaa states that
his cousin, ex-Senator William F. Vilas,
remained in Pasadena with his wife,
daughter and son-in-law, and that they
will come to this city in their special
car in about two weeks, after which i hey
will return to their home in Madison.
Wi«. Benator Vilas, ho says, is hale and
hearty and has retired entirely from pol
ities, preferring to devote himself to the
practice of has chosen profession, the
law. He is making this trip t'> obtain
necessary real after an unusually active
career. It will be remembered that he
was Postmaster General and Secretary
of the Interior during Cleveland's first
administration.
Judgments Against Baldwin.
Judge Daingerfield yesterday ordered
judgments entered in favor of James K.
Lynch and against E. J. Baldwin on two
promissory notes— one for the sum of
$33,473 21, the other for $1028 95.
HARD LIFE
WITHIN THE
FIRING LINE
Graphic Story of the Cam
paign as Told by a Cali
fornia Boy's Letter.
EAT AS THEY SHOOT
Food Secured Under Great Difficul
ties and Devoured at Intervals.
Tale of Two Heroes.
W. T. Moran. of the First California
Volunteers, who was a student at the
night High School, has written an in
teresting letter to this city under date
of Manila, February 20. in which he
says: ' ,
For ten days during the fight in which
Caloocan wa? taken our regiment was
working under stress of a great emti
gency There was very hard fighting,
with little time for sleep. Lack of sleep,
in fact, caused the greatest suffering till
some of our officers hit on the plan or
having the shelter tents just back of tne
trenches. And now when there is a call
to arms our boys just roll out of their
tents and into the trenches and are ready
for business.
The insurgents have made some very
fierce attatcks at this point, many times
coming within forty or tifty yards of the
trenches. They have never been able to
stand the fire quite long enough to reach
us, though. It was during one of these
attacks that Neilson and Packer, two pri
vates of Company F of ihc First Califor
nia, lost their lives. They got beyond the
firing line, and Neilson was hit and j
wounded. Packer could have got back
all right, but he would not leave his
chum. When we band boys went out !
after their bodies we found the ground j
strewn with piles of empty shells and j
beaten down in a way that showed they
had made a desperate fight to the very
end.
The boys have to resort to all sorts of
expedients to get anything to eat here
during the heavy fighting. About a week
ago the firing line of one of the regiments
had a lot or beefsteak sent out to them
in large paper bags. A soldier would
pick out a steak and get a firm grip on it
with his teeth. He would then pass the
bag to the next man and go on fighting.
When a soldier had a few minutes' rest
he would i>ut it in on the steak. On a
moment's notice he would start in rushing
the insurgents again with the meat in hi 3
mouth.
One regiment, the Pennsylvania, drove
the insurgents two miles after they got
the steaks. It was one of the few charge*
in which the boys did not rush forward
with cheers and yells. The reason they
did not do so was because they could not
afford to lose any food, and when they
stopped some of the men were still chew
ing the remnants of a very dirty beef
steak.
Our trouble Is due to not having
enough men. We dare not go very far
from Manila now. as the insurgents are j
likely to attack it at any time. We are ;
all hoping for reinforcements, as there ;
are so many insurgents that our troops j
are almost worn out watching them.
Our task is made particularly difficult i
since we cannot tell who are friends and i
who foes. Often wo have passed an oid
man whom we thought harmless. Later,
when our troops would rout out some
sharpshooter who was annoying us In the
rear we would discover him to be the
same apparently harmless old man who,
absolutely regardless of the consequences
to himself should he be discovered, had I
placed himself in some shack or other |
go> d position and started in to pick off j
any American he could B<
Our boys discovered a' man about SO
years of age tied in a tree two days ago.
He had but one leg. so his companions I
must have boosted him up and tnen |
made him fast. He had not succeeded j
in hurting any of us, but that he had
done his best was attested by the num
ber of empty shells under the tree. The
troops, instead of taking him down, rid
dled his body with bullets.
On Sunday week (the sth inst.) about
100 insurgents got into an old church and
our First Regiment could not dislodge
them. Heavy puns were brought up, but !
still the Filipinos would not come out. j
They stayed in the building even while :
the "church was burning down over their
heads.
They are all there yet— all good Fili
pinos now.
We find it necessary to destoy the
churches as we go along. They have been
used as forts by the Filininos all over
the country and enable fTie brown sol
diers to put up a good, stfff defense, as
the walls are from ten to fifteen feet
thnk and they have loopholes through
which rifle.-, can be thrust and fired, mak
ing it absolutely necessary to employ ar
tillery in taking them.'
The artiilt ry boys urn nil right. If it
were not Cor the Third Artillery and the
Utah Battery we would often have suf
fered severely where they have made
victory easy, 'in fact, we owe most of
our success to them.
PROBABLY BLOWN UP.
French Bark Marechal Lannes
Thought to Be Lost.
HAVERFORD-WEST, March 30.— 1t is
feared here that all hands of the French
bark Marechal Lannes. from Swansea for
Ban Francisco, have been lost. A box of
guncotton was washed ashore to-day and
the appearance of the broken boats ana
wreckage lead;* to the belief that the yes-
Bel has been blown up.
Dr. Kolf in New York.
NEW YORK. March 30.— Dr. Rolf,
newly appointed President of the
municipality of Apia, Samoa, arrived
here to-day on board the Trave.
Kentucky Association Track.
LEXINGTON'. Kv.. March :'A— The per
sonalty of the Kentucky Association
track was sold to-day by Charies M.
Green of St. Louis. The stables were not
sold, nor were the sixty-six acres includ
ed within the racecourse disposed r.f aa
Mr. Green had advertised. It is now prob
able that the course will be preserved to
the turf. Local horsemen to-day offered
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^^
®Xs»® ♦ ex® ♦ ®X?XS> ♦ ®X5X® X®XS>XS ♦®X ®X® ♦ ®X® ♦ ®Xi)X • : ♦ ?rf®X®
I MEN, GET MY BOOK !
I ' •-. • ti-
ts I .. J V You who are weak, nervous and losing the + ."-
-® ~Jj \ You who are weak, nervous and iosmg tne +
© ' (*s" / vim and ambition which should be part of -every ®
® y^^ 7 X^i man at your age, let me send you my book, which ®
♦ rf!x'\^-ti 1 I have written for the development, of a .better-^ „
® Cz..W\'M I standard of manhood. It is free to -any man who. | c •
® /?Bp'"-J[ sincerely wants to help himself. It shows how ±
? 1 Ik new strength can be got from Electricity ;• how ¥
1 wWIFm a " waste of vigor can be s{0 PP ed . and the fire I
® • -' \w ■ ■ and vim of youth infused 'into your nerves. m g-
® f/r^lS^ !t also tells the names of hundreds oi men who ®
® C^^^^" have been thus restored. I will send it to you, +
X — - sealed, free. Call or address : . »^ r
t dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, send FOft my BOOKf £§
I* 702 Market St.. cor. Kearny. S. F. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." X
I® Or 20-J^i South Broadway. Los Angeles. M ,, LED FAEE
X Office hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays. IT IS MAILED FREE £
I © 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. ©
I ®X®X®4®X®X®4-®X®^®X®X®>®X®4^>-®X®X®>®X®X®-f ®X®-f®X?XS
Green within S3OO of the price he had set
for the lease of the track. He will prob
ably accept it. The plan of local horse
men is to lease the track for a year and
in the meantime raise enough money to
buy it.
BRINGS BLUSH OF SHAME
TO THE CANADIANS
Sir Hibbsrt Tupper Attacks the
Government for the Conduct of
Joint High Commissioners.
OTTAWA. Ont., March :',»■*- In the
House of Commons to-day Sir Hibbert
Tupper. Conservative, made a bitter at
tack on the Government for the manner
in which it had conducted thinp
Washington before the High Comm:.-
He said that the Canadian Commit
era were not acquainted with the subjects
under discussion, ami thus they allowed
the United States Commissioners to takft
advantage of them. It was enough, he ex
claimed.' to bring the blush of shame to
the face of any Canadian when ho con-:
■ 1 the position taken by the United
a Commissioners In regard to the
Alaskan boundary. The reason for the
■ l States taking that extraordinary
attitude, he said, was owiiin to the
ies ilt-livered by members of the
Liberal party in past years.
Bir Hibbert devoted the greater part
of a lengthy speech to attacks on The
policy of the Government in the i ukon
district where, he said, the Government
had allowed Its agents to terrorize and
toh the people. _
"THE LORD AND LADY
WARWICK COMPANY"
Countess "Babbling Brooke" Has a
New Scheme to Startle English
Society.
NEW YORK. March 30.— A special cable
to the Journal from London says: The
renowned house of Warwick, whose beau
tiful, brilliant, much-talked-about and .
much-talking Countess "Babbling Brooke"
is forever startling English society, has
come forward now with a sensation
which will cause more than nine days of
wonder.
There was issued to-day a prospectus of
the "Lord and Lady Warwick Company.
Limited," by which historic Warwick
Castle and its adjunct estates, priceless
relics which are among: its furnishings,
rich collieries, the great income which the
Countess has in her own right— to short,
everything appertaining to the family, is
converted into stock.
The step is original. It is astounding,
but nobody is surprised at anything the
Countess of Warwick may do, and no
body doubts that the "limited company"
idea is of her devising. It is a conceit
which society, having troubles of its own,
will study with care and deep interest.
The Countess, ready of speech and im
pervious to gossip, makes no ado aoout
the matter at all. At Warwick Castle to
day she spoke to the Journal correspond
ent in a very matter of fact way about
the new company which is built upon
such ancient holdings. She said: it
was simply a business arrangement en
tered into for the purpose of concentrat
ing and developing the Warwick proper
ties. The chief object in view is to work
the collieries on a. large scale in order to
create a large revenue, which will be de
voted to freeing the estates of the bur
den of debt which at present weighs on
them so heavily."
CONFIDENT OF SUCCESS.
Carlists Wait for the Pretender to
Give the Signal.
LONDON, March 31.— The Marquis de
Corralbo, the chief agent of Don Carlos,
has gone to Venice, according to a dis
patch to the Daily Graphic from Paris, to
report to the pretender and to receive his
final instructions.
The Graphic's correspondent says that
the Carlists claim to have abundant funds
and ammunition and to be confident of
success the moment Don Carlos gives the
signal for the overthrow of the Alphon
so dynasty.
Murdered by an Italian.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March "f'.-News
has just been received here from Cran
brook, on Crows Nest Pass Railroad, that
Terance Ryan of Montreal had been mur
dered there. It is supposed that the
crime was committed by an Italian, who
mistook the murdered man for a coun
tryman with whom he had trouble. The
Italian who is suspected has fi. d. pre
sumably across the border into the States.
O'Melveney Fined.
LOOMIS, Wash., March 30.— E. H.
O'Melveney, formerly of . Los Angeles,
Cal., was fined ?7a and costs to-day for
assaulting Mrs. Julia Underwood. In
justification of his act O ufelveney said
that a conspiracy existed between Mrs.
T'nderwood and Calhoun and Jenks to.
try to beat him out of a contract under
which he is operating Mrs. Underwoods
cattle ranch.
Stole a Horse and Buggy.
SAX JOSE, March 30.— A man named
Jim Hall was arrested at Santa Clara this
aftcrnon for thf theft of a horse and bug
gy from J. J. Traver at San Francisco.
The rig was recovered at West Side,
where it had been abandoned.
Will Take Coal to Guam.
VALLEJO. March 30.— The United States
steamship Brutus will leave Mare Island
next Saturday and go to San Francisdo,
where she will load 4500 tons of Cardiff
coal for Guam.
SPOKE ON KIPLING.
Professor Gayley Lectures Before the
Charming Auxiliary.
The ladies of the ("banning Auxiliary
listened to a delightful lecture on Rua
yard Kipling by Professor Char:.
Gayley yesterday afternoon in the parlors
of the First Unitarian Church. Pr<>:
Gayley touched upon the humor and ro
mance in Kipling's verse and prose, illus
trating his remarks with readings from
"Thrown Away." "Ba-Ba Black Sheep"
and "Soldiers and Sailors, Too."
In the course of his remarks the lec
turer paid this handsome tribute to the
poet: "Kipling is the representative poet
of the Anglo-Saxon rare of to-day. An
other may be laureate by grace of Salis
bury. Kipling is laureate of all the Eng
lish speaking people by grace of God."
Father Matthew T. A. & B. Society.
The Father Mathew Total Abstinence
and Benevolent Society has elected the fol
lowing officers for the ensuing term: H.
McCabe, president: J. de Malder, ' rst vice
prpsirtent; Thomas Foley, second vice
president; J. Griffin, recording: secretary:
11. Gaffnt>y, financial secretary. T Dono
van treasurer; T. Hallinan, ' Keanrsy,
and William M. Gillespie, trustees.DEMOCRATS SCORE
THE PRESIDENT
Conduct Duringthe War
Criticized.
ALGER SCORCHED LIKEWISE
©ENOUNCED IN HIS OWN HOME
CITY.
fr-me Pretty Serious Charges Are
Made by a Congressman Speak
ing at the Mohawk Club
Banquet.
'; Special Dispatch to The Call.
DETROIT, March 30.— Four hundred)
Detrcjt I its, with a considerable I
thpany of ladies, enjoyed the ninety
third annual banquet of the Mohawk
Club, thi leading Silver Democratic or
ganization of Michigan. The large au
ditorium of the Harmonic clubhouse,
in which th<- dinner was served, was
pay with patriotic decorations. A life
sized portrait of Colonel William J.
Uryan was a conspicuous feature. L
, ters of regret from Colonel Bryan and
< rs were read.
Hon. T. E. Tarsney, president of the j
•h, introduced .Mayor Maybury as
ttraslmaster. The Mayor paid hi
lo the trusts by saying that
mob was ever so dangerous to th
: the capil ilistu gi •ed
which is culminating to-day, when
gi capita] are s<
ing t - : production, partic- j
ularly at th
- E. Barkworth, 1 •
< ratic candidate for Justice of i ■
Supreir..' Court (the bench which is
Republicans i, re
st "Partisanship and |
th- I y; Are They Always Separ
i the !
by Congri
man John J. L*ntz of Ohio to the senti- !
ment "Reform the Trusts First, and the
Fill] Cterward."
H<- said: ".L'-i but one side of any case
be presented to a jury and of course a
verdict would always be brought in ac- i
rdingly. So the American people are I
••• a jury, and if selfish and designing
wealth or po
•a! power are permitted to conl
- i abuse thf newspapers of the coun
try it would be easy for them to con-j
trol and use the people of the country, j
t the curses of the day is the fact
i newspaper lie will travel around
.irth while truth is putting on her
is no better illustration of
than the Hoods of lies with refer- ■
:.duet of Germany during
War with Spain."
Mr. Lentz told of alleged efforts to j
Ehou animosity toward the United-;
States on the part of Germany, which i
.-"dared never existed. There was
no cause, he declared, for the apprehen
sion felt by th of trouble with
• i'-rmany. Said he: "These facts could
easily have been given u*ut by the Stale,
the War or Navy Department, or the i
■..chief executive while making- poiir:
in the West, the South and
England.
"Why cculd not this administration,
■while decorating the graves of the j
m dead for political ■ purpos
have also dropped in a word or two of j
explanation for patriotic purposes and
■■ed the ] thoughts of new
c - and all the horrors of war with
tany? For that would not have
a war with Spain.
"The contrast between Abraham Lin- ;
coin and William MoKlnley grows j
■wider and wld . day. It was!
Lincoln who could say, Let us have
but 6ne war at a time. 1 It wa^ McKin
ho could remain h aid si- |
lent throughout this campaign of false
-1 malice against Germany.
"It has been the trick of European j
into war with, each otjier
■ r the masses of the pc
gun to consider and discuss the 'rigats
an.' And so-, I fear, in this
. try inn?" who dictate the policy of this
Imtnistratlon ':. so thoroughly
. larine-d at the awakening which I
pljaoe in 1896 that they have sought
refuge temporarily from their impend
ing, late by hiding their greedy pur
poses behind war clouds. We shall have J
: . vk; than enough to do if we t-ur.i our |
Gatling guns on the public enemies at
1. .:i;e."
Mi. Lentz denounced what he called
'.whitewash"
and taid:
>un Corbin and Sampson, who
were, never near a light, are promoted
and rewarded. Schley and Miles, uhoi
whipped ■■' turn i
in tne iaii' 1 withoui I :.k oui own
ire discredited and slandered.
Is this war or is this politics? :
S|.a;u's 'sens' cf Justice' or is this
America's 'national honor. Let the j
memories of Jackson and Lee, of Grant
. Sherman ansv
RESTRICTION AGAINST
CALIFORNIA CATTLE
Colorado Officials Adopt Very Strin
gent Rules Relating to
Quarantine.
DJ2NVER, March IhJ.— A Bpecial to the
X- -.\ :s from Cheyenne, Wyo.. says: The
Governor to-day issued the annual cattle
quarantine proclamation. This decrees
that all cattle from south of the tbirty-
Ch parallel must bo accompanied be-
January 15 and November 15 with
H^ showing that they have for
thirty days been north of the lnf< cted dis
trict denned by the Secretary of Agricul
ture December 3j last All cattle from
:-ou'th of. the thirty-seventh parallel must
be unloaded i<>r inspection, unless pre
viously Inspected at Denver or at Aurora,
Neb., aJid for such inspection IV4 < ■ > • 1 1 1 .s
per head miist be 'paid. California cattle
will be subjected to special insj lion for
splenic fever. All cattle found in the
which have not complied with the
rules- will be held at owners' expense un
til released by the State, veterinarian.
MEETS FATHER MURPHY.
Miss Fair Arranges for Wedding and
for Gifts to the Poor.
NEtV.TORK, -March 30.— Miss Virginia'
r met Father Thomas P. Murphy, now
.; pastor of the Church of the Sacred
at Dobl>s Ferry to-day, to arrange
:. tails of the. marriage ceremony.
Pair on her wedding day will give
-••• sum to the poor of the Roman
tic church. This has been esti
at from Sr-0.000 To JIOO.OOO. The sum
;jir Intends to give will be divided
. . ral institutions and it is prob-
I among the number will be one
'•.jnian Catholic institutions of
• rnla.
Chinese Attack Germans.
'. OCHAU, March 29 (via Shang
fiai,sMarch 31).— population of a vil
la&e^Tiear I-Tseho-Fu recently attacked
with eruna a German officer named Han
ncmaiin, a dragoman named Mootz and
a mm:. g engineer named Vorschuke,
who vr>r>-" on a peaceful journey to
J-TsoncFu. In the fight which ensued
several Chinese were killed and others
were •wounded, but the Germans finally
arrived here safely.
GOMEZ SAYS THE
PEOPLE OF CUBA
ARE UNGRATEFUL
Weary of the Whole Thing and
Would Like to Go Back
to His Home.
HAVANA, March 30.— Governor Gen
eral Brooke has almost made up his
mind to send the $3,000,000 given to pay
the Cuban soldiers back to the United
States if the Cuban Military Assembly
does not give up the army roll.
"You may as well do so and not trifle
much longer," said Secretary Algerr,
when discussing the matter two days
ago In conference with General Brooke
and General Gomez. The latter
that such a course would serve the As
sembly right.
Anyway, the impression Is spreading
that the Governor General may return
the money to Washington and it is
stirring up fresh feeling against the
Assembly. General Ernst called upon
the Cuban general, Rafael Portuondo,
chairman of the Executive Committee
of the Assembly, three days ago and
asked for the rolls.
"Do you come from General Brooke.'
asked Portuondo.
"Yes," replied General Ernst.
"Officially or unofficially?"
"I come unofficially," answered the
rican officer.
"Then I cannot give them up, re
. Portuondo. "I can only do so on
official recognition,"
\ • le of United States troops would
ibly be sent to take the rolls of
the military administration if they
km .' exactly where they were, but
there is a feeling that a mistake might
be made and the administration placed
in the light of over-anxiety and possi
bly be laughed at.
NO LONGER IN
FEAR OF FLOODS
Farms Saved by River
Improvements.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, March 30.^One of the
principal features of 'the plan of river im
provement recommended by the Commis
sioner of Public Works was the construc
tion- of a concrete weir on the Yolo side
of- the Sacramento River at a point two
miles above the Elkhorn ranch, for the
purpose of regulating "the flood discharge
through the Yolo basin by confining to the
river channel the utmost volume that it
would safely carry without endangering
the' levee system and the important agri
cultural interests on the west bank of the
river This recommendation was indorsed
by Major Heuer, government engineer.
and approved by the auditing board. Che
weir or easement,- as it is frequently
called, was completed <ast November at a
cost of $26,541 54. It la 2000 feet in length
and fifteen feet in width. The concrete is
arched, one foot in thickness and with
four-foot anchorages at each? side; There
is a double row of sheet piling ten feet
<;j: Yh-i, are tied toother with
rods The approach from the river side
is a riprap live feet wide, .and the apron,,
on the land side is also riprap, and
feet in- width and about two fee.t in depth.
The wings and end walls for the bulk
heads a?f concrete, three feet at the base
and seven feet in height. -
sement was completed it
inspected by Major Heuer who in
dorsed Pit as the cheapest and best work
of its character in the United States. His
la "ft U f/prlcfi : cally everlasting and while
monuments may crumble and stone and
brick may succumb to the wear of years
the , eisement ought to stand for
• • • it is the finest work I ever saw
in the United States. . I do not believe
there is a piece of work in all Europe that
e< ClS9BVand for many years prior it .was
impossible to maintain a levee system on
the west bank of the river. Eyer> year
CTeat' crevasses were furrowed out to a
&i near corresponding to the low
, |.f r ,, n f the river at low water Mcie>e.
Throuah theY crevasses a tremendous
volume of water poured into Yolo vasin.
and The water thus diverted left a track
of devastation many miles in widthiand
extending almost to Rio Vista, .to
County As a result some of the mo
life "and in the State was rendered l practi
cally valueless and many farms were
a Thedep d artment agreed to construct the
weir on condition that the land-owners
put up and maintain substantial levees
The crevasses were filled and good ll
constructed to such a height that the
and volume and would be regulated by
th The '"last storm afforded the first op
portunity to test the efficiency of the ease
ment and the result is highly satisfactory
and particularly gratifying, to ail con
cerned Heavy rainstorms in the valleys
and melting snow in the mountains re
sulted In great freshets, and when the
river reached the 23-feet stage at Sacra
mento everybody connected with the De
partment of Public Works knew that the
time for testing the casement was at
hand The flood water began to run over
the weir at midnight Friday. The river
continued to rise rapidly, and by 2 o clock
Saturday afternoon a sheet of flood water
2000 feet wide and 15 inches deep was
pouring over the easement. Captain Hall
of the auditing board. Engineers Nurse
and Randle. Commissioner Leake and a
party of friends made a careful inspec
tion, and all agreed that the* easement
was working admirably and will ac
complish all the beneficial results claimed
for it. The levees were In good condition
find the crests of all were from three to
live feet above the level of the river.
The flood water diverted by the ease
ment was running back into the tule dis
trict, which in time- will be drained by the
canal. There was- no water on the farm
ing land anywhere from the weir to j
Clarksburg. The farmers were cutting,'
wood and plowing and- seeding with no .
apparent feeling of insecurity. But for
the levees and this easement the flood
waters of the last storm would have cov
ered nearly all of this land, and the loss
to the farmers would have been reckoned
by the thousands and tens of thousands.
Th" question of the utility and effec
tiveness of the easement seems to have
been fully demonstrated. It will deepen
and improve the channel of the river and
increase Its carrying capacity by con
fining a larger volume of water within its
banks, and it will greatly facilitate the
disposal of flood waters, and. incidentally,
It will greatly aid reclamation.
Additional Electric Power.
SANTA CRUZ, March 30.— The Big
Creek Company has ordered an additional
electric plant, sufficient to furnish 275
more horsepower than at present, making
a total horsepower of 675. This will give
the company three different plants. The
additional power is necessary because of
the' demand of the California Powder
Works here, which alone needs l.".O horse
power. In addition the company fur-
Dishes power for the electric railway and
lighting system. The new plant will be
installed within sixty days. -
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. 31 ARCH 31, 1899.
In the course of a conversation with
an old friend from San Domingo to-day
General Gomez said: "I am ready to
go home. I am tired of this jangle
with the Assembly. I have learned
something about these people which I
did not know before. They are an un
grateful people. They do not appre
ciate what the United States Govern
ment has done for them, a service
which I am assisting.
"These Assembly commissioners have
run off again to the United States to
beg for money, while I, who have a
wife in San" Domingo, have not money
enough to bring her here. But there I
do have a house and mieht be sure of
enough to live on. I am old and tired
and I feel like going back."
The organization of the so-called Cu
ban National party is proceeding.
Meetings are held nightly and to-day
the promoters issued a manifesto to the
people <>f Havana, calling upon them to
unite their efforts to organize ward
committees with a view of disseminat
ing information preparatory to a na
tional convention. This movement, it
is said, is due to the approaching elec
tions, but it has already developed a
split in the eastern districts, where the
Cuban federalists have organized to
promote a republic. The latter under
taking is not recognized here. In Ha
vana the national party finds its oppo
nent in the Liga Patriotica, an out
growth of the recently dissolved Junta
Patriotica, which is working along the
same general lines. These disconnected
efforts to establish a national party are
regretted by the best Cuban element, as
ultimate disaster is clearly foreseen.
GOOD OUTLOOK
FOR BUSINESS
Trade Brisk in America
and England.
■ . Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. March 30.— The Statist this
week- takes an optimistic view of the
business outlook here and in America.
It points out that the activity of trade
throughout the world is due to calmer
political conditions, and referring to
America, it says:
"Speaking broadly, trade in the
United States is growing marvelously
and is likely to continue to grow unless
the new crops prove very bad indeed,
or something altogether unforeseen oc
curs.
"There is more uncertainty respect
ing the probable course of the money
market than politics or trade. The
probability appears to be that there
will he no such rise in rates in th<-
New York money market as will lead
to the shipment of much gold from
Europe to the United States before
summer. Of • »urse the true balance
of Indebtedness to the United Statt-n ia
not quite redressed. The United States
is still employing money in Europe, es
pecially in Germany, and that money
can •be withdrawn whenever it seems
desirable, but it is not probable that
money will become so dear in New
York that it will'be profitable to with
draw the sums now employed from
Germany and ship them across within
tlit- next few months.
"It will be different when the crops
begin to be moved. If money continues
■mployed in Germany on anything
like the scale it is now employed it will
be withdrawn when the rates rise much
and Germany will be compelled to draw
from England and France, and later, if
the stringency in New York increases,
gold may be shipped from Europe in
considerable- amounts."
DAWSON VISITED
BY A BIG FIRE
A Defective Flue Starts a Blaze
That Destroys Two Big
Buildings.
SEATTLE. Wash., March 30.— The
steamer City i I S< ittle, which arrived
to-niy'nt from Skag'iay, Alaska, brings
news 00 fire at Dawson March
0. The fire started from a defective flue
in a barber shop In the Rosenthal build
ing-, which v. ■ - destroyed, together with
the Adcock building.
William J. Terry, who arrived at Skag
uay last Friday with a bicycle, claims to
made the trip from Dawson on his
wheel in a little over nine days.
Thomas Fawcett, formerly Gold Com
mit-si >ncr of the Yukon, was a passenger
on the City of Seattle. Tho Investigation
of flu' charges of Irregularity against
Fawcett has been completed by Admin
istrator Ogilvie ;'.n<l the iindings have
Forwarded to Ottawa. Mr. Fawcett
is on his way to Ottawa.
Dr. Kennedy Convicted.
NEW YORK, March 30.— The trial of
Dr. Sam;:el J. Kennedy, the Staten Isl
and dentist, f"r the murder of "Dolly"
Reynolds was concluded before Judge
Williams to-night. The jury retired at
11:43, reporting 1 at 2:'S> o'clock Friday
morning. The verdict was "guilty >>f
murder of the first degree." The pris
oner was very cool under the ordeal and
never moved a muscle. None of his rela
tives were in court. Judge Williams re
manded Kennedy to the Tombs and said
he would adjourn the court until 2
o'clcok Friday afternoon, at which time
h<- will hear anything counsel may wish
to bring to his attention.
Big Barge for San Pedro Work.
LOS AXC.ELi:S. March 30.— The first
one of the barg. a to be used in the work
lately commenced under contract by the
Government at San Pedro harbor will be
launched at San Pedro to-morrow. This
is the largest vessel of the kind
ever constructed • > t ■ the Pacific coast. The
stone for the breakwater to be construct
■ d will be brought on barges from San
Clemente and Santa Cata'.ina Islands.
Drowned While Grief-Stricken.
SAX JOSE, March 30.— J. K. Watters,
?:; years of ape. died at Los Gatos yes
terday, and his funeral is set for to
morrow. The widow wandered away
•from her home thi.s morning and she
was found dead in Los Gatos Creek. It
is not jret known whether she com
mitted suicide or simply died by acci
dent in her delirium of jgrief.
Fatal Fall From a Horse.
PETALUMA, March ».— Nick Nissen, a
well-to-do farmer residing near this city,
was driving homo last night, when his
became frightened and threw Nis
.—•ll to the ground, He struck on his head
and was found some time afterward lying
unconscious and bleeding in the road and
taker, to the home of his brother, where
tie died soon after.
THE CORBETTS IN
A STREET QUARREL
Pugilist's Wife Appeals
to Policeman.
IN FEAR OF VIOLENCE
SAYS JIM WILL CERTAINLY
STRIKE HER.
Man Who Whipped Sullivan Declares
the Woman Is Sick, and
Trying to Ruin
Him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 30.— James J.
Corbett, former champion heavy-weight
pugilist, and his wife had a quarrel to
night at One Hundred and Twenty-fifth
street and Eighth avenue, and the
woman appealed to a policeman for
protection, declaring she was in fear
of violence. Several hundred persons
who witnessed the altercation gathered
around the couple and blocked the trol
ley tracks on Eighth avenue while Po
liceman Charles Snyder of the West
One Hundred and Twenty-nfth-street
station used his good offices in settling
the dispute between the pugilist and
his wife. They had been out for din
ner in a restaurant on One Hundred
and Twenty-fifth street, and evidently
had begun there the quaxrel which was
continued in the street.
At the time the thoroughfare was
crowded with pedestrians, many ot j
whom recognized the big pugilist, who
for several years has lived in Harlem.
It was noticed that the- couple were
quarreling. Mrs. Corbett spoke ex
citedly and he appeared very much ex
cited. Crossing over to tht.- wt-st side of ■
Eighth avenue they paused underneath i
the "L" structure, apparently intending \
to take the southbound electric car o-f
the Eighth-avenue line. They stood
there talking in an animated tone for j
several minutes, when suddenly a |
scream was heard and Mrs. Corbett j
ran over to Policeman Snyder, who
was standing on the opposite corner.
Throwing her arms around the blue- j
coat's neck she begged him to save her J
from her husband.
"Save me from that man," she cried.
"You must not let him hurt me. I
won't go back with him. He will strike
me."
Corbett ran after his wife and Sny
der asked what was the matter. Mr:
Corbett clung tenaciously to the police
man meanwhile, apparently fearing
that if she let go she would by as
saulted.
"He won't hurt you," declared the
policeman in soothing tones.
•Yes he will, too," broke in the gob
bing woman. "He will hurt me if you
do not protect me. As a woman and a
citizen 1 demand your protection."
•What's the matter. 'Jim." You
wouldn't strike her, would you." asked
Snyder.
'She's trying to ruin me by making
a scene here," said Corbett, who ha«l
noticed the crowd. "She's slck > and
does not know what she is doing."
Then turning to his wife he asked her
to go along with him, but she positively
refused. He then lost his temper and
swore.
"The brute. Oh! policeman, please
save me from him," repeated ihe al
most hysterical woman to Snyder.
Take her home and she will be ail
right," suggested the policeman.
"No, no; never. 1 will not s> home
with him. You can take me to the po
lice station, but 1 will not go »sith
him," she cried.
"I'll go home with you," declared
Snyder, "and see that he does not Harm
you."
A cab was then called and .he woman
entered it, after the policeman had
promised to join her Inside. Corbett
Bprang inside and telling the driver to
drive him around the park slammed the
doi i and drove off. At his home in
West One Hundred and Nineteenth
street later it was said they had net
returned.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Officers Who Will Be Examined as to
Their Fitness for Pro
motion.
WASHINGTON. March 30.— By direc
tion of the Acting Secretary of War. Cap
tain Sedgwick Pratt, Third United States
Artillery, is detailed as a member of the
examining buard appointed to meet ;it the
Presidio of San Francisco, vice Major
H. Kinzi--.-, Third , United States Ar
tillery (recently promoted lieutenant col
onel of the First Artillery;, who is hereby
relieved.
The following officers will report In per
son to Lieutenant Colonel Henry Wagr
ner, Fourth United States Cavalry, presi
dent of the examining board appointed
to meet. at the Presidio at such time as
they may bo required by the board, tor
examination as to their fitness for pro
motion, and upon completion thereof will
return to their proper stations: First
Lieutenant David J. Rumbough, adjutant
Third United States Artillery; Second
Lieutenant Edward vP- O'Hern, Third
United States Artillery; Second Lieuten
ant George T. Patterson. Third United
States Anillery; Second Lieutenant Al
bert J. Bowley, Fourth United States Ar
tillery. During the examination of Lieu
tenant Rumbough. Captain Danes will act
as recorder of the board.
Major Guy L. Edte. brigade surgeon
United States Volunteers (.captain anu as
sistant surgeon United States army), i.s
relieved from further duty at the Prt -
sidio of San Francisco, and will report in
person to il" commanding general, De
partment of California, for assignment to
duty with troops sailing on the lirst
transport from San Francisco to Manila,
and will report in person i" til-" com
manding general of the Department of
the Pacific, and Military Governor of
Philippine Islands, for assignment to
duty.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War. instructions contained in the in
dorsement dated March v from this of
fice* directing the discharge of Private
Robert C. Wortham, are hereby con-
Kecruit Renus Shell, Presidio of San
Francisco, having enlisted under fals*.
pretenses, will be discharged without
nonor from the service of the United
States on receipt of this order by the
commanding officer of his station. Priv
;ji- i i.-iar H. Hawley, band. Ninth United
States Infantry, Presidio of San Fran
cisco, will be discharged from the ser
vice by the commanding officer of his
station.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original— George T. Onlwaj ,
Redlands. $6; Franz Hermann. Santa
Rosa. $1-; 'ten years service). Stephen
Buckley, Vallejo. $S; (ten years service).
William Boughton, San Francisco, $:•>;
Henry Ayer. Raymond. $H. Increase -
David F. Jones, Sacramento, $t> to $10;
William Goltze, San Diego. 524 to $;i >.
Original widows, etc.— Margaret L. Lang
bein, Los Angeles, $S. Special, March 21
(special act)— Margaret A. Lowther,
Edna, $12; Helen S. Measure. Sacramento,
$8; Anna M. James. Wallace, $S.
Oregon— lncrease— William E. Crissy,
Vernonla, $6 to $s.
Washington — Original— Johnson A. Stout,
Goldendale, $8. Restoration and increase
—Seneca E. Rceder. doad. Teninn, $6 to
$10. Original widows, etc.— Mary A.
Reeder, Tonino, $5; Permella A. Mo 6,
mother, Skamokawa, $12.
PUTRID, SPOTTED
BEEF REJECTED IN
LARGE QUANTITIES
Commissary Gampfer Swears
Armours' Agent Said Meat
Was Chemically Treated.
WASHINGTON', March 30.— There were
two original witnesses before the army
beef Inquiry court to-day, and two former
witnesses were recalled. Lieutenant
Gampfer, who was commissary of subsist
ence at Lakeland, Fla., and Major Crelgh
ton Webb, who was on General Lawton'a
staff In Cuba, testified for the first time.
Colonel Woodruff of the commissary de
partment and Mr. Morehouse, the Tampa
agrent for Armour & Co., who superin
tended the supply of fresh beef to the
troops at Lakeland, were recalled. Major
Webb's testimony dealt almost entirely
with the canned roast beef, which he pro
nounced as useless as an article of food.
Lieutenant Gampfer said a representative
of the Armours, whom he took to be Mr.
Morehouse,' had told him that chemical 3
were used to preserve the beef. This Mr.
Morehouse, when recalled, denied.
To-morrow some of the medical officers
who served in the Cuban campaign will
be examined.
George A. Gampfer, a clerk living In Cin
cinnati, Ohio, who was a lieutenant in tha
First Ohio Cavalry during the Spanish war,
occupying the position of regimenal commis
sary while the troops were camped at Lake
land, Fla., testified first. For a time he oc
cupied the position of brigade commissary. He
di scribed the manner of receiving the fresh
beef at the depot and said it came in an
ordinary express car, wrapped in burlap bag
ging Two or three total assignments of meat
were rejected. He stated that much of the
beef had been sour, acrid and bitter and emit
ted a disagreeable od ir wh-n the burlaps were
removed. There were spots of a light green
ish hue on the beef when the bags were re
m ived showing it to be tainted. Mr. fiamp.fr
said that on one occasion while the agent for
Armour & <"<>. was present his attention was
called to the spots, and he replied that the
beef was all right, saying. Bald Mr. Gampfer.
"the spots are due to the cnemlcals wo put on
the meat to preserve it and prevent its spoil
ing within the Bixty hours called for by the
contract." .
This agent said that it wns impossible to
keep the beef in good condition for that length
of time. He stated, however, that thereafter
he would have the beef put up in tin boxes.
This he did. but the meat continued to come
with spots on it.
Mr Gampfer then presented a memorandum
kept by Captain farmichael, his predecessor a?
brigade commissary, showing what meat had
been rejected from the Ist to the 17th of Au
gust. This showed that the total consign
ment was rejected on the sth, 6th and 7th of
t; that 282 pound* were r-fused on the
: oJ the month and that no entries were
on two other days. On some o< •
chunks were cut out ot the meat and con
demned. Mr. Camp first thought Mr.
was the ag«Tit who had spoken of the
use of chemicals. The conversation had taken
place in the presence <:" Captain Carmichael
(who afterward committed suicide) and Dr.
Castle. .
Mr. Gampfer had got the impression that
some kind of a liquid composition had been
tor glossing the meat over, but he had
n> t given the matter much attention, as he
Bupposed that if chemicals had be>>n used they
were harmless. Mr. Gampfer was then ex
cused, subject to recall.
SPREADING HALLS
CAUSE A WRECK
Seven Passengers Are
Injured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., March 30.— A
special to the Journal from Parkville,
Mo., says: The south-bound Burling
ton passenger train. No. 20, from Oma
ha, was derailed three and a half miles
north of Parkville at 3:30 this after
noon. Seven persons were more or less
seriously hurt.
The injured are: F. T. Norton. Kan
sas City, head badly bruised and face
gashed; O. E. Hendee. mail clerk, Kan
sas City, face and head bruised; W. B.
Yuak. Atwood, Kans., hip bruised and
wrists sprained; Peter Moore, Palmyra.
Mo., hip and shoulder hurt: William
Rodgers, brakeman, leg and head hurt;
Professor W. F. Lohrman, Topeka,
Kans., shoulder and knee injured;
Myra Miller, Kansas City, head smashed
and head cut; Dr. D. W. Porter, Jersey
ville HI.; Phil Gardner, Booneville.
I ml.; Mrs. J. H. Yuthan. Bell Trees,
Ind.: J. B. Mallon, baggageman.
Several others received slight bruises.
The whole train except the dining
car rolled down a twenty-foot embank
ment, carrying with it several tele
graph poles, thus breaking telegraphic
communication. Fire broke out in one
of the coaches and was extinguished
with difficulty.
The mail and baggage cars were
turned bottnmside up and the sleeper
turned on its side. The dining car left
the track, but remained upright.
The cause of the wreck, though not
definitely known. Is supposed to have
been spreading rails. The train was
running at the rate of about thirty-flve
m< The injured were removed to Kansas
City on a relief train sent from that
P Late to-night Norton and Hendee
were unconscious. Their condition is
serious and neither may recover.
CARL ANDRESSEN
DIES BY HANGING
STOCKTON. March 30.— Early this
morning the body of a man was found
hanging to a telegraph pole a mile
south of French . Camp. A notebook
found in his pocket indicated that his
name was Carl Andressen. and three
cigarmakers' knives were found upon
his person. A pair of spectacles and
some January lottery tickets were also
found in his clothing. He had fastened
a strap to the pole, to which he had
tied' a baling rope. Fastening the rope
around his neck he jumped off a fence.
He had been dead several hours when
The remains were identified at the
Morgue as those of Carl Andressen. a.
baker, who kept a saloon at 628 Clay
stivet. San Francisco. He was identi
fied by George Wolf, a Stockton saloon
keeper.
Two New Smallpox Cases.
LOS ANGELEB, March o".-Two new
cases of smallpox were reported by the
Health Officer to-day. They are in the in
fected district.
French Statesmen Adjourn.
PARIS.* March 30.— The Senate ad
journed to-day until May 9 and the
('1 amber of Deputies adjourned until
May 2.
General Miles Returns.
WASHINGTON. March ik).— General
Miles returned here to-night from his
trip through New England.
Major C. Webb, who waa General Lawton a
inspector general, gave testimony concerning
the meat Issued in the Santiago campaign, re
ferring especially to the canned roast beef.
'•It was not food," he said. "It was non
nutritive, stringy, fibrous and had not the
taste. It looked like the fag-ends of beef
steak. It was opening your mouth and letting
the moon shine into it It was not satisfying,
something we did not want and could not give
away even to the Cuban troops, who preferred
hard bread."
Major Webb said that he had tried to eat
the beef occasionally when very hungry, but
never received any satisfaction from it, ex
cepting after vegetables were procurable, when
It was used as hash to some advantage.
"You do not. then, regard it as a suitable
ration for the army?"
"I do not." Major Webb replied. "It it a
weighty thing to carry and it is a waste of.
time to eat it."
Major Webb said that he had found the re
frigerator beef generally good, though some
of it became putrid in the hot climate. He had
never heard of embalmed beef until he re
turned north. '
Colonel C. A. Woodruff, purchasing officer for
the Commissary Department at New York,
was recalled. He said he had rejected some
tenders of canned roast beef, but he did not
remember the names of the bidders in any
such cases.
Colonel Woodruff stated that in one instance
canned beef which had been shipped to Liver
pool. England, was brought back to this coun
try and sold for the use of the army. This
purchase amounted to 350,000 pounds. The beef,
as he understood it. had been stored in Ar
mour's warehouse' in Liverpool and had been
sent abroad with the view of selling it to the
British Government. !■* • - '
Colonel Woodruff had letters read from
representatives of ; various firms engaged in
canning beef, all faying that the beef sold
to the army was of first-class quality and of
the same quality as the beef shipped to for
eign countries and sold to the Navy Depart
ment in large quantities. The witness said he
heard many complaints concerning this beef
from officers returning from Cuba, but that
one or two of them spoke favorably of it. He
also said that a considerable quantity of the
beef sent to Cuba had been returned to New
York and that he had tested it and found It to
be in excellent condition and palatable food.
In conclusion Colonel Woodruff asked permis
sion to make, a remark as the senior officer of
the Subsistence Department. saying: "Whether
it succeeded or not. the Subsistence Depart
ment was animated by a desire to do all It
could for the benefit of the line of the army."
Mr Morehouse, Armour's agent at Tampa,
was then recalled. He said there had been two
instances in which the entire proffer of meat
had been rejected at Lakeland and on three or
four other occasions a portion of the. consign
ment had been refused. He recalled a visit
to Lakeland early in August, when one con
signment was rejected, and to his surprise he
found the beef lying on the platform. He had
then had a conversation with Captain Car
michael, but he did not remember that there
was any other person present except Lieuten
ant Dixon. He did not remember to have then
seen or to have ever met Lieutenant Gampfer.
who I id testified that Morehouse had said
that the meat had been treated to a chemical
process for preservation. No questions had
been addressed to him concerning the chemi
cal preservation of the meat. He had never
used any expression to any one to indicate
that chemicals had been used.
Cross-examined. Morehouse said he believed
his memory as to the rejections would he more
reliable with the exception as to dates than the
memorandum of a commissary officer of the
army.
HOMEWARD CRUISE
OF THE RALEIGH
Incidents Since Leaving-
Manila.
Copyrighted, 1599, by the Associated Press.
FAY A 1.. Azores, March 30.— The
United States cruiser Raleigh. CaDtain j
Joseph R. Coghlan. ■ from Manila, on
December 15, is coaling here, will coal
at Bermuda on April 8. and expects to
reach New York on April 15.
The Raleigh has been having: stormy
weather in the Atlantic, but has been
behaving" splendidly and proves to be j
a good seaboat. All are well on board.
This is the first of Admiral Dewey's [
squadron of warships to be bound for j
home. She has on board a number of ]
men who belonged to the crew of the
flagship Olympla.
Many changes in the personnel of the
Raleigh have been necessitated since
the battle of Manila. She participated
in all the movements about the Philip
pine Islands, i. c.. in the battle of Ma
nila Bay, the capture of the Corregidor
forts, the capture of the gunboat Cal
lao, the bombardment and capture uf
Subig and the bombardment of Malate
fort, forcing the surrender of Manila.
After leaving Manila, ort December
15 the Raleigh stopped at Singapore.
Colombo, Bombay, Aden. Port Said.
Alexandria. Malta. Algiers and Gibral
tar. In all the British colonies, the
officials of the British army and navy
and the civilian population gave the
American warship an enthusiastic
welcome, showing her officers and crew
every form of courtesy. Dinners with
American decorations and American
national music were given to Captain
Coghlan and his officers everywhere, in
marked difference to the reception of
the Raleigh on her outward passage
two years ago. Governors, generals
and admirals and other high officials
all wished to visit and inspect the shiu.
The Raleigh still has her war paint
on. At Singapore she met a Spanish
transport having on board troops and
sailors from Manila. Although flying
a warship's pennant, the Spanish ship
lowered her colors and permission was
granted the Spaniards to visit the Ra
leigh, where they fraternized with the
American sailors, who gave them much
needed food and clothing. Many of the
Spaniards showed the Americans
wounds inflicted upon them by the
shells of the American fleet. The quar
antine from Bombay was waived at
Aden.
At the island of Malta, in the Medi
terranean, the Raleigh met the British
Mediterranean fleet, consisting of ten
battleships and a number of cruisers.
The British sailors extended a most
cordial welcome to the Americans, and
the sailors of the fleet and the soldiers
of the garrison entertained the crew of
the Raleigh ashore, the best of feeling
prevailing. Daring her stay at Malta
the Raleigh was crowded with British
redcoats and bluejackets.
The American officers were enter
tained at Cairo by United States f'onsul
Harris and all the British and Egypt
ian officers were present.
The French at Alfriers showed a
marked difference. There was no re
ception except from the British and
American residents, although the
! French officials were polite.
At Gibraltar the crew of the Raleigh
saw the Spanish fleet commanded by
Admiral Camara. It consisted of six
ships und was anchored in Algeciras
Bay. The Spanish fleet and the Ra
leigh sailed at the same time and pro
ceeded close to each other. The Ra
leigta hoisted the Spanish fla^ and sa
luted it. The salute was promptly re
turned by the Spanish admiral from
his flagship, the Emperador Carlos V.
The Raleigh in two years has cruised
36,000 knots.
ABDUCTED BY
A BAD INDIAN
Pretty Ellen Ward Is
Boldly Taken Away.
ONLY THIRTEEN YEARS OLD
HER DUSKY LOVER MAXINQ
FOR THE BORDER.
Cowboys and Others Are in Pursuit
of the Couple and May Make
Short Work of the
Redskin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, March 30.— Ellen
Ward, the 13-year-old daughter of Mrs.
John Ward, a widow livins n^ar Mor
ena dam, fifty miles east of this eitv.
was abducted yesterday by a Yaqul
Indian named Jose Garcia, and both
are believed to be in the mountains of
Lower California, or on the desert near
the Cocopo mountains.
The girl's father was an Irishman
and was killed, about two years agro by
failing upon a knife. The sirl's mother
is an Indian. Since her fathers death
several young Indians have hune
around the ranch, and Garcia, d Yaaui
from Sonora, made love to the widow's
young daughter. He was forbidden to
come around the pic-- on account of
the girl's age, but yesterday, without
the knowledge of anybody except the
girl. Garcia stole into thu house and
boldly abducted' her. She is not Known
to have made any resistance.
They were seen going toward OaniDO
and the boundary line in the evenine.
and as soon as the girl's mother was
notified she sent one of her employes
after Garcia.' The man started out
prepared to shoot Garcia, if necessary,
to regain possession of Ellen, and i 3
now on his track.
Word was sent to Campo requesting
that Constable Elliott join in the chase,
but the officer is on the desert and can
not be reached.
Garcia is a hard character, about 2t>
years old, while the girl, besides beinc
young is nearly white and rather ore-
Possessing. The affair has caused
great excitement in the vicinity of
Campo, and several cowboys expect to
assist in reaching Garcia and the girl
within a day or two.
NAVY MAY HELP COLLECT.
Minister Hunter Will Demand In
demnity From Honduras.
NEW ORLEANS. March 30.— Minister
Hunter left for Honduras and Guatemala
to-day. He will demand $35,000 indemnity
for the Pears killing in Honduras, and the
navy may help him to collect it. He will
then go to Guatemala in the interests of
the alleged filibusters under arrest there.
He cabled a request for a stay of pro
ceedings until his arrival and the request
was granted.
GIVEN UP
ALL hope:
He Was Resigned •to His
Fate, and Help Came
Just in Time,
An Interesting .Story as Re-
lated by J. K. Bruce. *
Mr Bruce is a prominent man of Selig-
man, Ariz. He says: I was given up to
die Was thin, weak, pale and suffered
pains in my back and limbs. My feet
would swell, and I was puffy under the
eyes. Eyes were sunken. • Local doctors
said I would never get well, for I- had a
serious kidney disease. Your Hudyan
remedy has cured me. It has removed
every symptom, and I am to-day a sound
and "healthy man. I cheerfully recom-
mend it to all sufferers. I am yours
truly . J. K. BRUCE.
Such letters as the above come to us
every day. There can be no better proof
as to the efficacy of Hudyan than the
evidence of people who have used it.
In the treatment of all Chronic Diseases
no remedy acts so well as Hudyan.
Since Hudyan exerts its influence upon
the entire' organism, chronic diseases
readily yield to its peculiar curative
powers.
NERVOUS PROSTRATION, whether
due to overwork, worry, emotion, mental
strain or severe shock, is promptly cured
by Hudvan.
"CHRONIC RHEUMATISM, that fearful
disease which causes so much" suffering
and distress in every community, is be-
coming less common through Hudyan'i
influence. Hudyan counteracts the acids
in the blood, stimulates the kidneys to
perfect action in order that the impuri-
ties will be discharged, thus relieving arid
curing the rheumatic pains.
PALPITATION OF THE HEART,
fainting, dizzy spells, headaches, weak-
ness it matters not what the cause, are
quickly relieved and cured by the won-
derful Hudyan.
IF YOU HAVE A WAN. HAGGARD
LOOK. A BLOODLESS APPEARANCE]
OF THE SKIN. LANGUOR. FEEBLE-
NESS ANY OR AIL OF WHICH MAY-
BE DUE TO STOMACH, LIVER. KID- "
NICY OR NERVOUS DISEASE. YOU
SHOULD RESORT TO HUDYAN AT
ONCE. IT WILL BRING COLOR TO
THE CHEEK AND ACTIVITY TO THE
LIMBS, YOUR MIND WILL GROW
MORE CHEERFUL. THE RETURN
OF HEALTH AND VIGOR WILL SOON
BE INDICATED IN BOTH YOUR AP-
PEARANCE AND FEELING.
HUDYAN is for sale at drug stores, or
will be sent direct upon receipt of price—
,*>oc a package, or six packages for $2 50.
Call or write the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts., •
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL..
You May Consult the fiudyan Doctors Free.
CALL OR WRITE.
STUDEBAKER'S,
MARKET AND TENTH STS.
JUST R-H3OE3I"VE!D- . .
PNEUMATIC TIRED ROAD WAGONS
AND SURREYS,
T>atest styles, best or work, strictly up to
date. In addition to this new work we are
making preatly reduced prices on a large Una
of high-grade Surreys. Road Wagons and Bug-
gies. IWnx. of repair work on short notice.
MPRX/ITA KtttOitt VITALITY
l\jfcrt VI I M LOST VIGOR,
f; 1 " AND MANHOOD
Cure* hnpotencv Night Emissions and wasting
W&k'J&m diseases, all effects of seli'abuse. or excess and
«V indiscretion. A ner»ctcm- and blood-buiWe.-.
'^t Brings the pink glow to pale check* and rr#
j*j mmj' ~J stores the tire of youth. By mail 50c per
rRA^^BL boii 6 boxes for $2.50: with a written
jjS^P^S^TO guarantee to cure or refund the mon;v-
limits medical Co., CHaton « 3acl«ca sts., ChicaaJ.
Owl Drug Co.. Sole AS"., 112S Market. S. I".
3I
MYSTERIOUS CRAFT
WILL NOW BE SOLD
Strange Story of the Scipio, Wtych
Pel! Into Uncle Sam's HaQds
During the War.
g NEW YORK, March 20.— The Scipio, a craft from "nowhere, bound to ■
p nowhere, fivir.g no flag, ownerless and crewless, is to be sold 1 to the high- &
, £ esc bidder "at the firookiyn navy yard by the United States Government. *-;
'*p" A board- has been ■ appointed to examine the ship., which lies at the yard, ;•
d Th? board will determine as to ho to dispose of her. The board will %
**." perform a similar duty with respect to the steamship Niagara, which is .^
£* also at the Brooklyn yard. This was bought by the Government from ~.
&■ the V.'ard lir.e during the Spanish war. . " 8
. £ ■'" At the outbreak of hostilities agents of this" Government were. en- j^'
'*» ir. buying ships and war munitions in England. The beginning g
■£>. of actudi warfare found some of the deals incomplete. England being a 0
;** neutral power these incompleted deals could not be pushed through— : «3
~ # that Is to say, apparently net. Soon after the beginning of hostilities a £,
•-* steamship in perfect trim frem stem to *tern, with furnace fires burn- g
ft ing. steam up. but without a soul on board, was found adrift off the. coast i*
5 of Newfoundland, found by a United States ship, too, oddly enough. H
jl' The crewk-ss ship was the Scipio. She flew no flag. and there was not <o
i» fo much as a scrap of paper to be found aboard to indicate where she P.
P sail-id from, where she was sailing to'or who owned her. She was a mys- $
*. tery of the deep. The Scipio carried a cargo of coal", but never did such ,*
--£ strange things come out of a cargo of coal as came from the depths of <>
£? the anthracite piled in the liold. There were guns, fine; modern affairs of •*
'Kf English make, Maxims, Hotchkiss cannon, fieldpieces -and other ord- S
rt? nance, together with ammunition. . s
.^ Just how the Scipio came to be found adrift with -such an opportune **
A ' cargo by a United f tates ship has never been officially. .The &
.'• Eripio has bWen at the Brooklyn navy yard since she was picked up 3
P t . adrift on the high seas. . " . g
'- 6
(O*.: t .v%v ) .ov:*.:'.: •.: > .:M'.:'. > ,«.-^',vv: > .v'.ovy,v l .v > .o i .o*.-l
WANT TO OUST
THE DIRECTORS
Union Stockholders Are
Very Active.
o ". " - ■ Special Dispatch to Xh» Call.
°_. - : pan JOSE, March 30.— The stockhold
er'era .of the Union Savings Bank are dis
•: fatisfLed with the majority of the board
° of "directors appointed by judge Lori
•^an-, arid petitions are being circulated
..for signatures among the stockholders.
\ falling a meeting for the purpose of
•'e!«c:ing a new directorate. No trouble
le- being experienced in. getting signers,
1 .end., a Meeting will be held In about
°. terijia'ys. The directors to are
•". Rea. Dunlop. Simpson and Stock. Rea
-. ,is" trustee for- one "phare,'> Simpson trus- .
•.'tee for ten shares, Dunlcp has acquired
"'. a.-.i&'i shares since' appointment, while
1 Stock owns thirty-five shares. In ail
■:..this : quartef-.wns less than fifty shares,,
.'•.yet -.they have combined and are run
liing-things. Directors C.allisch, Eaton"
and Jones, the ' minority .opposed to
- R^a's administration, own over 500
". ' "The' directors of the bank met this.
:- : morning. The seven appointed by
; Jiidge Lori gar. . were present. C. P.
" .-^raslaw, v.ho still claims to be a <ii- .
S rector, was ab=ent. Ali along he has
*. insisted he would take part in the
"■back? business, but for some reason
• ; h'e failed to appear. Trouble from him
"o ."ua°R looked for this morning, and it
tv.'-jis expected further delay would be
! The business of the bank
. ' ii'as talked over, but nothing of Im
■', "p.ortajjce done. President Rea then
»? made or.c of his characteristic speeches.
.'•'Us said several of the members of the
. board were opposed to him. He hoped
fj They would all work in harmony. In
'.fact they must or he would take- steps
•• ?.o see that they did, intimating he ■'
', tvould throw them 'out if they did not. j
: "•There promises to be some startling
palsekiEuree when tho Howard indebted
: ress comes up in court. The bank
°'-- Cairns Howard owes them $305,000. The
•- lajj'ir a?=erts about $225,000 oi this'
.*>' l-fldebtedness was relinquished tv/o
"'• v^ars ago in order to keep him In busi
-:rfefs and not drag the bank Into !n
--•:: pcrlVency th-in. The directors are going
s-to press the claim of $205,000. There
fe-JliS/jOO of this that the bank has
v.6 vouchers for. Howard is very deaf
K-.'andf always carries a. pad arourid with
.." him for persons doing business- with
'" Jrira to write or.. His business wiln
I t^i- bank was carried on in this manner.
. Howard saved all the pads, however,
'I ii'nd they will cut a figure in the case.
: It 2s said there will bo no trouble to
proVe that President Ward Wright for
.' gave' Howard's indebtedness.
AMERICANS NOT IN DANGER.
ose the Death Penalty Does Not
Exist in Honduras.
-Secretary
■
[TT, March 30.— Hay,
Advised by Pres
liers Americans
• r In peril there.
exist.
•BEAT-PRE ."
rom the United States
( eportc that Ameri
■ieath in Honduras.
Fall of the Sacramento.
\t Knights
fallen four inches
:.. r >rning. At Sacra
: jur feet, which Is the
• • reached this -■
urying more water than it
■ its. There is I*-. I
confluence of the :
Joaquin rivers than was
when the water was
■v. That is due to the
jetty system and to
nee on the current, of tne S;in
■ .- "iM.t-offs."
••¥3 9
.■"./ To keep the skin clean
••■-ris-to wash the excretions
: : from it off; the, skin takes.
•■-; care of itself inside, .if not
. ; blocked outside..
'•■' •„ To wash it often and
c „ clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle: soap, .
a soap with no free al-
ly " ii • m it. • ■
\ Pears', the -oap that
clears but not excoriates.
All ports of stores sell it, especially
druggists; ali sorts of people u*e it.
THE ROWENA LEE
IS A TOTAL LOSS
; Details of Mississippi
Disaster.
. . Special [ (pit - .to -The Call.
MEMPHIS, Term., "March CO.— Definite
information was received at the gen
eral offices* of the Lee line, to-day re
garding the na-ture of the steamboat
disaster at Tyler, Mo., yesterday after
noon: , Two' lives are- known to have
h«en, lost and one man is miS3irig. The
dead':
MRS. CHAMBERS of Caruthersviile,
Mo. .
UNKNOWN NEGRO WOMAN.
The missing man is George Keuchler,
mail , clerk. .
Th" boat left Tyler at 4 o'clock. In
backing out from the landing" to reach
the middle of the- channel It struck !
some hidden obstruction, the nature of
which is -not' known, and began to sink
immediately. The pilot at once changed
the course of the boat .and started back
to the landing, but before -It was
reached she had settled down in thirty
live feet of water. All the passengers
and crew were »aved excepting those
•who.se names have been given.
Mrs. Chambers took passage at
Caruthersville for some point on the
Mississippi. The passengers and crew
were picked up by the steamer Ora
Lee, which was turned back frt>m Tip
■
The Rowena Lee is a total loss. She
rost $40,000 in 1553 and as insured for
$15,000. __________ '.
TRYING TO HOLD
TWO OFFICES
• But Auditor Morrison Will Have- to
P. 'sign as Police and Fire
Commissioner.
SAN
er Thomas F. I
. iditor,
- has appeared for the'
B nd fire departments.
city <- har- plainly- provides
I ■ ommissioner shall not be
State office.
• declared hi.s inten
: 'h e report is current
■ rney to
an not hold both places. There
salary attached to Police Oommis
• the influpn^ one exert? in the
police and fire departments amounts to
leraole. Morrison undoubtedly see.=*
dual official life in
•i and School Trustee Langford. The
was a member of the city Board
of Education at the time of his election
■■■riff, vet Langford fills both places
■. But in his instance the law is
. plain. Morrison must resign from
the Police and Fire Commission, or. it Is
said. :=teps will be tak^n to compel him to.
There are no less than a dozen being
urg%d by their friends for Police and Fire
Commissioner. Two clergymen. Rev. Dr.
Maclaren a Presbyterian, and Rev. H. M.
Tenney. a Congregationalism think they
would make good Commission-re. and
s-c-veral influential men are making their
fight. Clifford J. Owen, city editor of the
Mercury; Ernest Lion. Al Col and Jesse
Levy, prominent young business men. are
among those prominently mentioned, and
; one of the four will most likely be chosen.
WOODLAND NATIVE SONS.
, -
Elect Delegates to Grand Parlor and
Install Officers.
WOODLAND, March Woodland
Parlor No. SO, N. S. d. W...held a- regular
meeting In Masonic Hail Wednesday
evening:, at" which A. M. Britt and M. C.
Keefer were elected delegates ■to the
Grand Parlor, which convenes at Salinas
In April. W. O. Kean and T. G; Hughes
were selected .as alternates. The resigna
tion of President" R.- M.. .Brown was ac
cepted. The other officers were advanced
nne station and installations . occurred as
follows: President, "VVlJllarn " .Hyman; !
ilrst vice president, E; T. -Lampton: sec
ond vice president, J. B. Eakle; third vice i
■president. Will Browning; marshal", w. a.
'Anderson. . : \,*'-v.-.;
. __ -^^ —
MARKS AN INDIAN FIGHT.
• Discovery of the Skeleton's of Two
Men Supposed to Have. Been
Soldiers.
CHICO, March' 30.— Last evening -
.choppers while grubbing 'out an -old' oak
tree near her .found the' of a
■'man buried face downward,' about- two
feet deep. This morning another bf>dy was
! found In the sains locality, with the last.
Rkeleton v. m-?r n-? fn\n\d a large brass button,
also several bone buttons 'and a heavy
r belt, such as were used by cavaf
| rymen in early days. " From, the: fact that
ti c bddies were very riosf to the* surface
i tlr> spot is believed to be' where an 'Indian
fight occurred in earl.y day«.
THROWN OVER THE BANK.
•Freight Cars Wrecked and - a Con
ductor Injured. .. ..
AUBURN, March 30.— Another accident
has occurred near Clipper Gap. A freight
train going west jumped the track -at "mid
night last night and', three cars and the
'■ caboose were thrown bver the" banlc. Con
i doctor Charlie Cooper was badly
d. The cars were loaded with green
bides and the contents- completely blocked
I the South Yuba canal.
Assessor Long Very- 111-.
VALLEJO, March 30.— County Assessor
; Long is so ill at his home that there are
1 Arave doubts of his recovery. <
THE SAX FEANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 31, 1899,
PRUSSIC ACID IN
THE CUYAMACA
Startling Discovery at
San Diego.
MANY LIVES ENDANGERED
FARMERS GET WATER FROM
THE FLUME.
The City Physician of the Southern
Town Starts to Make an In
vestigation at •
Once.
Special Dispatch to ; The Call.
SAX DIEGO," March 30.— water
supply in the Cuyamaca reservoir,
owned by the San Diego Flume Com- ;
pany and situated fifty miles northeast ;
of this city on the summit of the Cuya
maca Mountains, is said to have been
poisoned. Recently a big cyanide plant ;
was erected at the Stonewall mine, near
the reservoir, for the purpose of -work
ing over the tailings of the mine, and
there are fears that the waste water
from the plant, impregnated with prus- j
sic acid,. are poisoning the water in the
reservoir. At the present time the city
does not draw upon this supply, owing |
to the small quantity there, but ranch- j
ers along the flume line will be in great ,
danger if they follow their usual cus
tom and use the water for domestic ;
purposes.
City Physician Stockton yesterday j
received. a gallon of water from the
reservoir, having sent for a sample, and
by analysis makes the startling discov- |
cry that .the water contains between j
sixty and sixty-five grains of prussic j
acid. A few drops would be sufficient
to kill a. human being.
Without wasting time in the matter ;
Dr. Stockton left for iyamaca this j
afternoon to ascertain whether the j
water from the cyanide plant is actu- j
ally running into th« reservoir. He Is j
personally acquainted with the topog- j
raphy of the ground in the vicinity of |
the tailings and the reservoir and to
day lid that he does not see how waste
water from the plant can be kept from
running into the Cuyamaca reservoir.
':lt is a serious condition of things,"
said Dr. Stockton, "and I shall investi
gate it- thoroughly. If this deadly
poison is running into the reservoir an j
injunction will be asked for in r'ie
courts to prevent the flume coir.. j
disposing of any of the contents of me I
reservoir. Ranchers, I believe, get their j
domestic supply from Cuyamaca— those j
li.-ing along the flume line— and their j
lives cannot be endangered. I cannot j
believe mat all the water in th« reser
voir is as greatly Impregnated with
prussic acid as the gallon that was sent
to me, but only a small quantity is nec
essary to poison considerable water. I j
have notified the flume company that
I intend to investigate the conditions;
and the superintendent of the company-,
will accompany me to the reservoir to- i
night." = .
LITTLE ROCK AND
NEW ORLEANS RACES
Blue Dan, a Good Thing, Causes the
Bookies to Lose Quite
Heavily.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., March SO.— Blue
Dan. in the sixth race, was the good
thing: at the opening day of the Little
Rock J.ockey Club's spring meeting. ; He
was backed liberally at from 20 to 10 to 1.
and won very handily. There was a
strong tip out on him and the books lost
heavily on the win.
The Derby, the fourth event on the
card furnished one of the hottest fin
ishes of the day. The attendance was
large and the weather fine in the after
noon after a cloudy morning. Track line.
Results: ,
Four furlongs— Rush won. Red
Cross second, Special Notice third;
time, olhi- _ r !'■-.
Six furlongs— General Magrudef won.
Thanksgiving second, Granby third; time,
1:17%
'Four furlongs— Unsightly won. Lizzie
McCarthy second, Benlta Brush third;
time. 51 1 /*- _ . 
Arkansas Derby, one mile— Prince Mc-
Clurg 112, (Van Dusen) • coupled with
Haraee Pardee, 2 to 6, and Leo Planter,
119 CEveret) 8 to 5. dead heat; Hardee
Pardee, 115. (T. Burns), third; time, 1:43.
Mona B also ran.
Six furlongs— Horseshoe Tobacco won,
Braw Lad second, Deßlaise third; time,
'Seven furlongs— Dan won, Tony
Honig second. Ransom third: time, 1:30.
NEW ORLEANS. March 30.— Weather
showery, track fast. Results:
Selling six furlongs— Cottonplant won.
Command second, McAlbert third; time,
1 li' i
'Five furlongs— True Fit won, Myrtle
Gebauer second, J. Lucille third, time,
Belilng one mile and three-sixteenths—
Sutton won. Woodranger second, Fri.skal
third: time, 2:02%.
Seven furlongs— Vv atercreat won. Gold
Fox- serond. Tom Klngs'.ey third;
time, 1:27. ■
Selling, one mile and twenty yaraa—
■.on, Climacus second, Caslln
third; time. 1:45. . „..'■'
■p- Beven furlongs— Scriviner- won,
Nannie: L second, Prince of India third;
time, 1:32. «
LITTLE CHILD DESERTED
BY TITLED RELATIVES
Niece' of " the ?arone'ss de Buren,
i Relative of the Late Empress of .
Austria.,' Needs Assistance.
LONDON, March 30. — A woman acrom
: panird by a- pretty 8-year-old Rirl applied
.at the Bow Street Police court to-day for
: 'assistance. She said that three years ago
!•• Buren. alleged to be a.
relative of the late Empr< .<=? oi Austria,
brought to the applicant's home a young
v.< man- 16 ream of aj?e. who the Baroness
ber Bister. Later the latter was
•confined and remained three months with
•the nurse. The girl's mother and sister*,
who, according to the applicant, were liv
ing in an expensive bouse in tbe west end
■ :id"on, refused to take the child, and
told the nurse to send it to a foundling
hospital. -or do what she liked with it. The
applicant, however, was not willing to
make the- child a pauper, and kept it. But
now the mjrse was in such straitened cir
cumstances that she was unable to keep
it any longer.
The applicant also said that when tho
baby was a year old th^ family went to
where the applicant knew
tbe father lived.
Judge advised thft nurse to write
to th". parents of the child, and to no
tify th"m that if they did not support it
the child -must be sent to the workhouse.
Child Killed by a Wagon.
i CHICO, March 30.— At noon to-day G
; year-old August Noble was killed by fall
inK between the rear wheel and body of a
i heavily loaded wagon. After falling to
I the ground' the child walked about sixty
feet, when he fell unconscious, dying im
mediately. An examination by a physi
cian revealed the fact that the neck was
| broken. T.he driver of the wagon was ex-
I (irinrnti'l • f rom bljUTlOw
CONSPIRACY TO
REMOVE THE CZAR
Nicholas' Mother and the Head
of th)e Holy Syood Implicated
in a Plot.
■ PARIS. March SO.— The Echo de Paris to-day publishes a sensational ■
0 dispatch from Copenhagen, saying a plot against the Czar, in which his '-.
£2 mother and M. Pobyedonotseeff, the head of the holy synod, are impli- #
25 cated, has been discovered, the object of the conspirators being to take .*
& advantage of the state of the Czar's health, to remove him from power P.
"A and confide the government to his uncle, who is classed as a notorious q
it reactionary. ;•
1 •:••.■:■%•:■ \ :\o %•;•% o*. OK cess v:-*.o\ ■:••.•:■*.:• •.•:■*.:• v:-\ o\ •;•*. o\o \v\c-*?
IS SHANGHAIED
WHILE AT CALLAO
Story of a Sailor From
the Battleship lowa. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, .Wash.. March 30.— John
H. Abel, a young man about 22 years
of age, Is anxious to be placed under
arrest as a deserter. He alleges that
he has been a member of the battle
ship lowa's crew for four years and
that he was shanghaied at Callao,
Peru, in January last. He says that he
I has passed through the Santiago cam
paign on board the lowa, and met with
misfortune while the ship was making
the voyage from New York to San
Francisco.
Abel's story is to the effect that when
the lowa was at Callao. January .', he
and several of his mates had a forty
eight hours' shore leave. They imme
diately started in to enjoy the sights
and for a time drank deep of the pleas
ures of this Peruvian port. As is cus
tomary they finally ended up at a sail
or boarding-house. Here Abel says he
was given knockout drops in a drink
or whisky by the keeper, whose sur
name is Aleck. He was relieved of all
of his possessions, and when he re
gained his senses found himself on
board the Italian bark Altcar. bound
for Vancouver, B. C.
For about two months Abel per
formed service on board the Altcar.
which arrived at Vancouver March 4.
\t that port the kidnaped Bailor, in
company with several of the crew, left
the bark because the captain refused
to pay them money until they returned
to Callao. Abel soon cut loose from his
companions and made his way across
the Canadian line into Northern Wash
ington. He secured work in a sawmill
at ming and wrote a letter to the
commander of the lowa, reciting the
story which he rehearsed at police
headquarters this afternoon. He re
ceived in reply a letter from Captain
Terry advising him to give himself up
as a deserter.
Abel then made his way to Seattle
arid consulted the police as to the pro-,
per method ot delivering himself, wish-.
ing to %f\. back to the battleship. He
was referred to Assistant Quartermas
ter W W Robinson and United States
District Attorney Gay, who will likely
communicate with the San Francisco
officials. _
WHIPPED TO DEATH
BY TORRES' ORDER
Revolting Details of the Punishment
Inflicted Upon a Rebel at
Bluefields.
:v YORK. March 90.— A N< ■
A pri
-. . [ved In this city from
u-agua, gives the revolting
detail-- leath under the penal
of a young native of the Mosq
who had fallen under the displeasure of
va's grand
igua do not
a<im:t of the d< ■ ' in theor;
the young man. Quadra by nam<\ waa
-
Ing was kept up till the youth fell
dead at the feet of hla executioner.
H. 251 blows fr"m a bamboo
ro ,i s. extinct. The -Time
• ;n<lra was guilty was in i
Ing General I ■ yes of a plot to assassinate
him that was being hatched at the time
when Reyes was still at the head of his
revolutionary - at Bluei
R would lave been
ted and as a reward
the young fellow a captain. Tne
ing whs done in the presence of
more than 200 persons, and the whipping
■ [g now a regular establishment in
strict.
THROUGH OGDEN GATEWAY.
Eastern Trunk Li^es Will Recognize
the O. R. and N. Co.
PORTI*AND, Or., March 30.— Hereafter
the trunk lines will quote the same rates
to Puget Sound points by way of Ogden,
Huntington and Portland that they do
now by way of St. Paul. General Pas
senger Agent Hurlburt of the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company to-day
received the news that at a meeting in
New York the trunk lines hnd agreed to
quote through rates to Puget Sound
points via Huntingdon. '
F< r several years the trunk lines and
the New Kr.gla.nd. Association have de
clined to quote tnrough ratcn and sell
tickets to Puget Sound points through the
Opden gateway, basing their refusal on
toe statement that the Oregon Railway
and Navigation Company had not a com
plete line through to the sound, and being
also influenced by the objection of the
Pupot Sound lines to allowing the Oregon
Railway' and Navigation Company any
entation in business to those points
Portland.. That objection .has now
been overcome.
SPIDER KELLY WINS.
Easily Outfights Bob Thompson at
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. March 3.—Sp ider j
Kellv w.n the decision to-night in a j
•"•■'■n-round bout with Bob Thompson'
(colored) of this city. Kelly outpointed
the colored man from start to finish of '
the fight. Thompson was hit repeatedly,
and in the thirteenth round was badly
punished, but he pluckily stayed to the
*Th* men fought at catch weights before
tb« Los Angeles Athletic Club of this
John Brink was referee. The col- j
ored man attempted to rush the fight in !
its earlier stages, but later on devoted bis
talents to staying the fight out. Kelly
was in fine form, though slightly over- ;
drawn. Kell} won the fight on his dcv-
Hls blows had slight effect on the
colored man. He claimed a foul on sev
era! occasions when the colored man de
livered kidney blows, but the claims were i
not allowed. . ,
There was an interesting prehminary
n fc^-n Lewis (colored; of San
Francisco and Dummy Rowen of Illinois,
which was declared a draw.
Observances at Santiago.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, March 80.— In
former years, under the Spanish regime,
the interval from 10 o'clock on the morr
ing of Holy Thursday until Easter Mon
day w;is invariably a government holiday. ,
This year there is, as usual, a general j
suspension of business, and the railway
lines will not be in operation. To-morrow
the cable office will close at noon, not to j
roooan until the next day.
GOVERNOR GAGE
AND DAN BURNS
They Have Journeyed to
the Southland.
Epecial Dispatch to The CaJL
LOS ANGELES, March 30.— The com
ing together of many prominent Re
publicans in the home city of Governor
Gage has caused a lifting of ears and
archi' i The first to ar
rive was Collector John C. Lynch, who
insists his Federal position has not lost
him his residence in the Southland, and
deferred going north a? he knew the
Governor would reach here. Judee Is".
Blackstock follow- l and announced
the policy of ti.
To-day Governor Gage arrived.
so quietly has he moved about that
a friend greeted him at the dei">t. Af
ter a visit to his law offices the Gover
nor retired to his Downey ranch. He
says he has come home for ten days'
vacation to get away from office
and office
It has leaked out inadvertently that
Dan Burns cam*: down with Gaee in
company with expert Hamilton, and is
examining the Red Rover gold mine at
Acton owi oator White. •
<;. J. Denis ar.d Governor G -
This property has never * n exnerted.
and Burns was asked by Gage to make
i.il trip at thi^ time. BO that the
Governor and associates could be (!■ li
nitely informed whether or not the
bricks coming from the property are
th<- nal thing.
Politicians shake their heads wh^n
canvassing the information that the
visit of the Governor and Burns is duo
.solely to the fact that the executive
wished Burns to insp'-ct th<- Red Rov
er fnine. The shrewdest Republican
leaders believe that if Colonel Burns
really came down with Governor 1 1 -
the prospective Blate of new appointees
Stal would undoubtedly be
canvassed before Burns leaves Los
Angrek-s. The cheek by jowl attitude
of the Republican machine and the R<
publican executive causes many of the
faithful to think that Burns will be
able to speak by card when ht: returns
north.
A pretty contest in Democratic poli
tics is being mapptd out. If su
ful, the plans will tend t-> the realign
ment f'f several factions <>f th" Darty
at this end of the State, on one side
v. iii h.- »he Vln Is. led by
Stephen M. Whit-, with • Pat
ton, W. Ti. Burk" and John T. Gaffey
aa lieutenants in th.- field. In oddosj
tion will b- thr- faction led by Abbott
Kinn^y, with the leaders of the old line
directing operations in the tren
The prize contested for in to be the
i States Senatorship, providing
th r - Governor does not call the Leeis
lature together to fill the vacancy.
Senator White's fri^nrls have always
contended that he is the Moses who
has I years led *h>.- party to
victory in this vicinity.
Kinney and friends will next y>ar
=rr-k control of delegates from Los An
to the State convention, where
on test will hf> whether there shall
solutions pledging the delegation
from California to vote at the national
convention for William J. Bryan and
16 to 1. Kinney, while never exactly
a 16 to 1 man on the silver auestion.
i has always supported Bryan and the
i Chicago platform.
FIGHT BETWEEN THE
SAILORS AND NATIVES
Two Men of the Indiana Killed by
Jamaicans and Others Badly-
Injured.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, March 30.—Dur
ing the fight between American sailors
and native boatmen on Tuesday at the
wharf the casualties were:
Indiana— Two killed OGrady and an
other—and several wounded.
Texas— James Darc-y. oiler, concussion
of brain, and F. R. McMahon. fractured
knee; are going north on the Supply.
Three men from the Texas are h
pita!. One. named Green, a water-tender,
26 years old, may die from stab wounds.
The other sailors wore injured in the
clubbing affair on th» Supply. That ship's
whaleboat crew, being Mon^d by th.c na
tives, wore forced overboard to . escape
death. Eight natives are reported killed.
The Newark arrived this morning.
Dewey Wants the McCulloch.
VALLEJO. March 30.— 1t is th" general
among naval officers that the cut
ter McCuHoch, now at Mare Island, will
be ordered back to Manila after giving
her a battery of four-inch guns. When
the McCullocTi was detached from the
Asiatic fleet and .ordered to San Fran-
Admiral Dewey said to Captain
Hooper, " tho McCulloch's commandnr.
that he could better afford to let the
Raleigh go than the McCulloch. Th». lat
ter, owing to hf-r light draft and handy
qualities, appeared to Dewey the most
pffkient type of craft for shoal water
work.
Native Sons' Delegates.
SALINAS. March 30.— The following del
egates hay* been elected by Santa Lucia
Parlor No. 97, Native Son?, to attend the
meeting of the Grand Parlor on April 24:
P. E. Zabala, L. U. Grant, with Mr. Mer
rltt and K. J. Harris as alternates. Great
preparations arc now under way to re
ceive the visiting de-legates and others by
the local parlor.
New York Police Assessed.
ALBANY. March 30.— Governor Roose
ve'.t has received from several members
of the police force of New York City com
munications to the effect that an a
ment has been levied on that department
for some unknown purpose. The Governor
made a statement to that effect to-night.
}Ie refused to divulge the names of his
correspondents or to permit the contents
of their communications to be published.
To Box Twenty Bounds.
MEMPHIS, March CO.— Dan Creedon of
Australia and Jack Root of Chicago have
been matched to box twenty rounds for a
$1500 pursf before the South Memphis
Athletic Club Friday. April 17. The Ten
nessee Derby will be run on that date.
Princeton's Team Beaten.
BALTIMORE. March 30.— Princeton's
baseball team to-day vanquished Johns
Hopkins University representatives, 12
to 1.
HUMAN FIEND
DULY HANGED
Man of Many Murders
Pays the Penalty.
WENT WITHOUT A STRUGGLE
REFUSED TO HAVE SPIRITUAL
CONSOLERS.
fitting Close of the Career of E.
Bates Soper, Who Killed His
father, Wife and
Children.
• "aa.
HARRISONVILLE. Mo, March 30.—
E. Bates Soper was hanged at 5:30 this
morning-. He refused to have a:.y
spiritual conEok-ri-. He fell a distance
of seven feet, breaking his neck and
dying without a struggle. The execu
tion was private, being witnessed by
only forty persons.
E. Bates Soper was one of the most
cruel and most unusual of murderers.
The crime for which he was executed
was the murder at their home at
Archie, near here, of his wife and two
daughters, the latter aged four ar. .
years respectively. The murder had
been deliberately planned and v..
volting. Soper ran a butcher shop,
day in April. l»91. he announced that
hy had learned that there was a 'blind
or an illicit saloon in town and
that he could not live in a place so
wicked. He soid his shop and disap
peared. Four days later neighbors
broke into the Soper home and found
the mother and children dr-ad in bed.
The heads of all had been crushed with
an ax and blood and brains were every
had left a note saying
he could not properly support his fam
ily and he believed they would be better
off dead.
Soper went to Portland, Or., and,
taking the name of Prentice, married a
respectable widow. In April, 1897, he
deserted his second wife, taking their
two-year-old child with him. He after
ward killed the child, choking it into
insensibility. and burying' it alive/
Later Soper, under the name of
Homer Lee, leased and worked a small
fruit farm near Ashland,- Cad., where
he was captured June 11, 1897. After
being landed in jail here Soper con
fessed not only the killing of his wife
and two children in Missouri and his
chil-d in Oregon, but admitted the mur
der in 1880 of his father. According to
his own story, on the evening of the
last-named murder Soper started to at
tend a literary society. On the way he
met his father and shot and killed him.
Throwing his revolver away, he pro
ceeded to the society and took part in
the exercises as if nothing had hap
pened. •
Sire to Son on the Scaffold.
KANSAS CITY, March 30.— James
iged .- years, colored, wa3
hanged in the jail yard at the County
Jail at 10:50 o'clock to-day. Rc*d shot
Mrs. Susie Blakesley to death in her
home in a fit of jealousy. H« di^-d on
the same scaffold on which his father.
Martin Reed, died in L*34 for thr- mur
t his wife, Jim Reed'a mother.
MRS. BANNING'S BITTER
RANCH EXPERIENCE
An Experiment That Has Resulted
in Many Years of Litiga
tion.
LOB ANGELES, March 30.— Mrs. Mary
H. Banning-, the present bead of the il
lustrious southern California family, la
: taintiff In a suit which has been
dragging wearily for seven years. She
to obtain n of livestock,
including one bull calf, heifers, mai
pony plow and a lawn mower. The live
'iuring these years of litigation has
to maturity, while the implemt nis
art' out of date and useless with
The :- - :. of Mr?. Ban
ning.- 1 venture in ranching in conn
wit6 Dr. Joseph Hannon, wh^m she nad
known for twenty years. He induced her
the Tejauta ranch"
Compton for $31,500 in 1887. The d
who nosed as a rich man. caused her to
pay iin.<»ni cash and both signed two
••aoh. The first year the
ranch paid, but the following season a
deficit of from S3OOO to $6000 was incurred.
The <": day confessed that he
could not meet th<
iKinga were all mortgaged, which
caused the plaintiff to pay off the debt
and take r
In the spring of 1891 Dr. Hannor.
back to the ranch under an agreement
to farm on shares. He was to have the
k and machinery. During
thia period 1 ms surged
the physician-farmer encom
i his financial ruin. The property
was attached, his creditors be
lieving that the chattels belonged to
Mrs. Banning has beer, trying for
years to prove otherwise.
DESIRELLO DULY CHARGED.
Information Filed for His Brutal
Murder of Young Johnston.
REDWOOD <ITY. March CO.— An infor
mation was filed this morning in the Su
perior Court by District Attorney Bul
••.gainst Fred Desirello. the Deputy
• able, charging him with the mur
der of James Johnston, who was killed
at Colma on the 17th inst. The defendant
was present in court with his attorneys
and .the information read To him. N rl
Monday morning has heen set by 'the
court as the time at whicti he shall ap
pear a.nd\ plead. . .
Odd i'ellow Delegates.
"WOODLAND. >larc!i 30.— H. C. Howard.
A. L. "Ludden" and F.- B. Ferguson have
been elected delegates to .represent Wood
land Lodge No. 11l at the Grand L<
O. O. F., which convenes in San Francis
co on the second Tuesday in May Mrs
A." I* Lu-lden.and Mrs. D. K. Jacobs "have
bosen to. represent Sylvan' Rebekah
Degree Lodge No. 10S at the grand assem
bly afthe same time and place.
.. _• ;_____ ADVERTISEMENTS. • '
%* + + **%%%%% %%%%%%%%%%% •
T. ~ t A A bLbv 1 rwiv m
• JI&WTiIW . opt i r r r o t •
i sy • it!? •• . r^L B" 1 I I T • w
• '^'B 6 ' M\ ■ DLLIO* #
O "^ ' I -<? "^Nw x « »n Kltotnc P*U there are twa A
A A »* '/••V- ,'V VS-Jp- »Uh the gentliMnan whose opt* countenance I
■ Aft vit*s3 :s - -g
JL h'< Ja AND ' worth mow than $$> *sul th« •* c '3 n^,2 ie «tl od "^
• ■/***/> rx- «■•
i •|S l '.4fec*-jaK ifW* «y ' "em «t t?v4iWWto J» «»•»«. «na have been •
2 hm^zC ft?*!
2 " AhMI ; Fierce electric co, j
• ■,: ; -^-^;a# ' ! no market street •
• ',• • • • ••••-••• # # • • • ••••••
CISSIE LOFTUS
SEEKS DIVORCE
Mrs. Justin H. McCarthy
Files a Suit.
THE HUSBAND IN ENGLAND
WHILE THE WIPE, AN ACTRESS,
REMAINS HERE.
The Defendant, Who Is an Ex-Mem
ber of Parliament and Son of the
Irisii Leader, Will Not Oppose
the Separation.
Special Dispatch to Tfe* Caii.
NEW YORK, March SO.— Cissie Lot.
tus McCarthy, an actress, has begun
suit in the Supreme Court in this city
for an absolute divorce from her hus
band, Justin Hunley McCarthy, son of
the famous independent political leader
and author. He has filed an answer to
her complaint denying her charges, but
it is understood this action is merely
formal and intended to prevent the
trial of the suit in open court. in ac
cordance with the provision of the law
relating to undefended cases.
Mr. McCarthy returned to England
a week ago Wednesday, leaving his in
terests in charge of former Judge Koch.
He was served with the papers in the
case before his departure.
Abraham Hummel of Howe & Hum
mel, will act -for Mrs. McCarthy. . Mrs.
McCarthy's complaint is based on
statutory grounds. Her husband in hia
answer makes no counter charges. No
prominent names aside from those of.
the principals are mentioned in the pa
pers. • It is expected the case will he
sent to a referee and the divorce will
be granted without difficulty.
Mrs. McCarthy >s how .playing in
Philadelphia in "A Dangerous Maid.'
in Sam Bernard's company.. Her man
riage to Mr. McCarthy created a* sen.- .
•sation. in England. They eloped" to.
Edinburgh, and were married on August ■
28, 1894, by the Sheriff. Mr, McCarthy
was then engaged to Aida Jenoure, an
other actress, to whom he had been at
tentive for a year. He had been en
gaged previously to John L.- Toole 3
daughter, but she died and he dedicated
to her memory a volume of poems ex
pressing his grief. He sat in Parlia
ment for Newry for several years, and
was noted as the youngest member of
that "body. He retired in 1?92 and de
voted, himself to writing.
JAPANESE SCHOONER
REACHES HONOLULU
Going Alter Sharks, the Vessel Is
Driven by Storms to a Port of •
Safety.
HONOLULU. March 21.— There arrived
here to-day, about two hours previous to
the departure of the Australia, th- .w- :
masted Japanese schooner Riusiu Maru,
Nakegave master, eighty-ore days from
Tokio and sixty-tour from Wake Island.
She put into this port in distress, having
had all her sails carried away, in an aw
ful gale near Wake Island. She was n.z
the mercy of the storm and was driven
along .for six days. At the end of this
time the weather abated and'some new
saiis -were made. With these the Klusiu
made Honolulu; where the captain intends
to have repairs made. ...,.-..:
The little forty-fon schooner went" to
Wake" Island after sharks, which abound
there. It is well known, of course, that
both Japanese and Chinese are very fond
of shaTk meat, and that very profitable
cruises are sometimes made. •
The Riusiu Marti is the first Japanese
schooner that has called at this port. She
has seventeen Japanese and ■ four Euro- 1
peans aboard. Of the former three are
apprentices learning navigation. The
Riusl-u Mar is owned by a Japanese lieu?
tenant-in the Mikado's navy. ; •*..'::_
■ . -■ ■ - -
LATEST NAVAL ORDERS.
Transfers and Promotions ' : at . the
Mare Island Yard.
VALLEJO, March SO.— The following are
the latest naval orders: >*•--..
Surgeon C. T. Hibbett, transferred from
the Glacier on her arrival at Manila' to
i the Baltimore. ' •
! Chief Engineer H. R. Stanford, detach*!
I from the Boston Navy Yard, ordered to
duty as superintendent of construction of
the Hospital at Mare Island.
Lieutenant W. E. Safford, from th*
Scandia to the Brutus.
George Richards has been appointed
' major and assistant paymaster In the
United States Marine Corps.
, Past Assistant Engineer A M^ritx. from
the Bancroft to the Newark. I'"":
I Chief Engineer A. J. Kiersted, ordered
Naval Cadet I S. Williams, detached
from the Massachusetts and ordered to
the Aberanda. V" \_
Gunner C. B. Babson has been detached
from the Brutus and ordered to the Pen
sacola. _
Constructor Baxter left for Portland.
Or., yesterday on business connected with
the building of torpedo boats. .
Assistant Engineer D. M. Garrison ha?
been detached from the lowa and ordered
to the Nero.
MRS. OELRICHS FAINTED
i Suffers From Over Exertion, but Soon
Revives.
NEW YORK. March SO.— Mrs. Herman
; Oelrichs went shop] yWsterday with
her sister. Miss Fair, and after she had
reached her home, on Fiftieth avenue
and Fifty-seventh street, fainted from
overexertion. She quickly revived with
the aid of restoratives. Mr*. Oelrichs is
a devout Catholic and has been carrying
out Lenten obligations rellciously.
Valuable Jewelry Stolen.
VALLEJO, March 30.-J. R- Andrews, a
"jeweler, was robbeti Wednesday nfgrht of
$600 worth of jewelry- He left it in his
house while he went to the theater. Upon
returning he saw a man to his bedroom,
who ran away. Throe men were arrested
on suspicion, but released.BUSINESS MEN
FAVOR PUBLIC
IMPROVEMENTS
Work for Merchants'
Association.
WILL AID THE SUPERVISORS
PROPOSITION TO ISSUE BONDS
= ; ' MEETS with, FAVOR.
Plan .'Submitted by. the Directors In
—Resolution of Thanks to '■
■ Claus Spreckels for Gift to
• =;• •■■■• the Park. ; " .- .
-"The quarterly' meeting -of the Mer
.. chants" Association was held in the hall
of the Academy at Sciences building last
evening, presided over by President F. W.
Dohrmann". "• A report. of the work of the
association for the past three months was
• c ; read and approved and a brief statement
made by the president in regard to vari
ous projects which the association now
has in .hand. Mr. Dohrmann ■ regretted
that the "efforts, of the board of directors
to. secure "rapid transit in some erf the
downtown streets had not been' success
ful, but he believed the object would be
achieved in the near future. He further
suggested, the advisability of inaugurat
ing a movement for placing underground
.of all overhead wires, as had- been done
in Boston.. New York and other cities' in
the East, and for a system of public con
veyances i.n the park. He referred to the
gift of Cla'us Spreckels of $60,000 for. the
CTecttpn of a music stand in the park and
to the movement inaugurated, by Mrs.
Hearst, having in view the general im
provement of the City, suggesting that
their example should be emulated by oth
• er public-spirited citizens.
But the- most important matter taken
up was the action to be taken by the
association in regard to the request of
% the Board, of Supervisors for the' consid
eration:., and: opinion of the association'
upon- the ' various projects petitioned for
by improvement clubs and" others and
•what provisions should be made to meet
such needed improvements as- may be
indispensable, and whether . the funds
therefor should be raised. by the .issue of
bonds "or in the tax levy without refer
ence to. the dollar limit. The following'
. plan, prepared by the. directors .and sub
mitted for the consideration of the asso
. ciation, was unanimously adopted:
" • Resolved, That we recommend to our
■ -board -of directors the advislblllty of tak- I
Ing up this Important subject upon the fol- ■
. ltnVirag lines: . ;-, .' -:
• I First— What Is the entire income of tire
city and county. of San Francisco. from di
re' taxes- and from revenues exclusive of
taxtj?
„ nd- — What are the necessary current
° t expenses of "thj» city government, segregat
'lng'the statutory from the flexible expenses,
and what savings can be made In tHe latter?
■>• '■'Tjilrd^-After payment of the necessary
current expenses of the city government,
' what :BUrplua will .remain 'or permanent
' ■'improvements, keeping within the "one dol
lar 1^ limit of taxation? ' ..• : :'v-)
Fourth— What improvements of a perma
nent, nature are most -urgent, and will the
- surplus be sufficient to pay for such im- ■
" provements?
Fifth— lf the surplus is not sufficient, how
much will be required in excess of the "one
c doilar" rate of taxation, to pay f<jr such
.•o urgent improvements? •■
„ t ".Sixth-T-Whaj Improvement should be made
or acquired -by the issuance 'of municipal
bonds and what steps shall be recommended
.in this direction? '.-
The association also adopted the"follow
ing resolution by a unanimous vote*
'■ ■ Whereas. Through the publio-spirited '
■ .munificence of Mr. i.'lavs Spreckels, a mag
nificent music stand, to cost 160.000, • will .
soon adorn Golden Gate Park and contribute
to the...hi£hest enjoyment of the people of
•Sari Francisco; and ■ ■
°: Wliereas. Such a grnerous deed not only
..•awakens other praiseworthy 'acts, but' also
:;-be% unifies the ray and adds to its attractlve-
• o nes,s," thus branding about one <>f the main
:- objects for which the Merchants' Associa
? tion was organized; therefore, be it
O o Resolved. By the Merchants' Association,
° In meeting assembled, that oar heartfelt
thanks are her- tendered to Mr Claus
„ gpreckels for this notable 1 evidence ,of his
. Oo .noble philanthropy;
, '. "Resolved, That ■ a certified copy of these -
. resolutions be forwarded to Mr. Claua
<- Spreckels and spread upon the minutes of
the Merchants' Association. • -^
An informal discussion was then had, on
the general subject of improvements, and
Mayor Phelan voiced the sentiment of all
present when he declared that the time
had come when San Francisco should be
git; thi- work of improving and beautify
ing the city along scientific lines. .Refer
ring to the request of the Board of. Super
visors for the advice and assistance of
the Merchants' Association, he said the
subject of an adequate sewerage system
should receive the first consideration, as
the city was sadly lacking in that respect,
and suggested the appointment of a com
mission, consisting of an expert from the
East and two local engineers, to draft a
complete system. Street improvements.
new Bchoolhouses and the extension of
.the park to Market street he regarded as
of the next in importance. He called at
tention to the fact that ' San Francisco
occupied the unique position of a city
without a debt. But if.it was without a
debt, it was also without improvements,
such as have made other cities models of !
beauty, and progressiveness. He favored I
bonding the city to secure funds to be ex
pended in making necessary improve
ments, and declared that the result would
repay the investment a hundred fold.
FELL FROM THE ROOF.
Serious Accident to Henry Gocke, an
Old Carpenter.
ke. an old carpenter, was fix-
Ing the roof of a two-story house at
streets yesterday after
wh< n h< slipped and fell through
a light well to the yard below. He was
t'i the Receiving Hospital in the !
patrol wagon, where Dr. Bunnell found i
that he had possibly sustained a fracture j
at the base of the skull, as he was bleed
ing from his ears.
The- old man refused to remain "at th»
hospital, as he wanted to get to his home
on Eiaiffht street, between' Steinf-r and:
He lives alone, but all the entrea
: the h< -vital attaches could not j
make him change his mind, fie persisted i
In saying be was all right except for a '■
pain in his left shoulder.
BUNKOED BY A CLEVER
FERTILE PICKPOCKET
H° S. McCORMACK. a guest at
° the Palace Hotel, Was clev-
erly robbed by a woman who
professed to have met him in
the c »East. McCormack had emerged
from the o hotel arid was walking- up
Market street when he was accosted
by a well-dressed young .woman
wearing- -a sailor ohat.0 hat. V.V
j I After declaring that she had been
Introduced to him while he was
traveling with a theatrical company,
of c which she was the star, she in
vited him to accompany her to the
home of her parents. ■ .Having
•walked several blocks.- the .worn.an
apologized for not being' able to 'take
him . to her home, as she had an
important engagement which she
, mugt ftiliill. McCormack, thinking
the was In earnest, bowed . cour
teously, and after bidding her good
bv -started to return to the hotel.
M rmack walked only a short dis
tance, when he was surprised to
afc-in meet the woman,
' 1 thought you had an important
DISPOSED OF THE
CALF IN CHINATOWN
MARKET INSPECTOR DAVIS
is' sorely perplexed over the
disappearance of an immature
calf, which he had confiscated
and which was stolen by a tramp,
for whom he is anxiously searching.
After seizing the calf. Davis, fol
lowing his usual custom, saturated
the carcass with coaloil. He tem
porarily placed the carcass in a bar-
rel, awaiting the arrival of the
wagon which was to remove the
premature beef to the fertilizing
works, where it was to be destroyed.
While waiting for the wagon Da
vis became interested in a d.og tight,
which was in progress on- the oppo
site side of' the street. While his
attention was thus distracted a
tramp sneaked up to the barrel and
purloined the condemned calf. Davis
discovered the theft a short time
afterward, and after vowing venge
ance against the tramp he started in
pursuit of him. Suspecting that he
would attempt to dispose of the car
WILL BE NO
NEW MORNING
NEWSPAPER
False Rumor Started
in Sacramento.
GREW OUT OF BURNS' FIGHT
WAS A GOLD BRICK FOR SEN
ATOR SHORTRIDGE.
Flat Denial Made of the Report That
the Post Is to Be Sold and
Made the Mexican's
Organ.
Rumors have been current for some
weeks that San Francisco was to have
! a new morning newspaper and that it was
partly owned by D. M. Burns, who
"also ran" recently for the United States
Senatorship. The story went further to
the effect that the Post was to be trans
planted into the morning field, and was
thus to be made a more effective organ
I for the Southern Pacific and was to con
i tlnue the fight of Dan Burns for the Sen
| atorship. Charles M. Shortridge, who was
one of the stanchest supporters of the
Mexican throughout his disgraceful can
didacy, was mentioned as the man who
[ was to guide the destinies of the morn
ing journal.
It can be stated on the best of author
! ity that there is no foundation for these
| reports. The rumors originated at Sac
j ramento during the heat of battle over
I engagement," he laughingly asked. ;
as he again raised ills hat to the
young woman. ■-;:-■-,
"I told you an untruth," she rath
er coyly answered. "I told you
that in order to' get away from you." '
Continuing, she surprised McCor
mack by Informing him that she ; :
had stolen his. purse, which con
■ tamed 1860. -.-■;. !
"1 became conscience-stricken
after I left you," she declared, "and '
I determined to return you your
purse and contents."
The female pickpocket then hand- ' !
ed the astonished stranger his wal
let. • McCormack complimented her <
on what he termed her honesty, and '
at once returned to his apartments
in the Palace. On the way he exam- <
ined the contents of the purse, and
was astonished to find that the •
"honest" young woman had ah- '
Ptracted a $100 bill. Last evening ;
McCormack visited police headquar
ters and reported the occurrence to <
Captain Bohen. He gave a good de
scription of the woman, and to-day ;
an effort will be made to arrest her.
-■■: •■- ■ !■. • . ■ f. " " ■ ■ :' (
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 31, 1809.
caps in Chinatown, Davis, accom
panied by one of his lieutenants,
lost p.o time in visiting that delecta
ble quarter. He visited the various
Chinese butcher shops, but without
getting a trace of the stolen calf or
the thieving tramp. Last night, evi
dently determined to find the kero
sene soaked carcass, and incident
ally the tramp, the Market Inspect
or went to police headquarters and
invoked the assistance of Captain
Bohen and his men.
"It's tough to be done up in this
way," he remarked. "Supposing
that the calf was disposed of to a
Chinese butcher and then sold to his
patrons? I would be arrested for
murder, as the innocent persons who
eat it cannot possibly survive its
deadly effects. However, I do not
intend to rest until I lay my hands
on the tramp who got away with
the carcass, and I have a good de
scription of him. and if I happen to
meet him the Coroner will have a
lob on his hands."
the Senatorshin, according to the state
ment of YV. H. Mills. There was a group
of Burns' friends talking about the weak
ness shown by him. and it was generally
attributed to the fact that he had no
paper of influence supporting his candi
dacy. Some one suggested that as Burns
was reputed to be a millionaire he should
buy the I'ost, convert it into a morning
paper and thus place himself in a posi
tion to get his views before the people.
Incidentally Shortridge was named as the
probable editor of the new morning jour
nal. It is said further that Shortridge
swallowed the bait, and that in all prob
ability the whole story was started to be
passed to the Senator from Santa Clara
as a gold brick, such as were so pro
llflcally produced in the Burns camp.
Editor Hume of the Post is also au
thority for the statement that the Post
is neither to be sold nor to be placed ir»
the moaning newspaper lieUl.
TO MAKE NO DEFENSE.
I Mrs. Adams' Attorneys Will Not Ex
, pose Their Hand Now.
Mrs. Minnie Adams, accused of having
poisoned her two-year-old son, will
probably be held for trial before the Su
perior Court by Acting Police Judge Bar
ry to-day. The prosecution has about
completed its case, and the attorneys for
the woman have decided to offer no de
fense at this time. They argue that a
committing magistrate would hardly ac
cept the responsibility of dismissing a
murder charge in any case, and to expose
their line of defense at tfiis time would
merely give the prosecution an opportun
ity to take advantage of them. For tnat
reason they will abide their time until
the case comes up for regular trial.
Police Sergeant Duke concluded his tes
timony yesterday, and Identified the
boards removed from the floor of the
outhouse, which he said were saturated
with something that smelled like car
bolic acid. Defendant had told him that
she had used no acid and did not have
any in the house. She accounted for the
moist spot on the boards by saying that
the dead child had caused it shortly be
fore noon. It was then after 8 o'clock
at night.
Frank T. Green, chemist for the Board
of Health, testified that he had made an
analysis of the saturated portions of the
boards, as well as a piece of newspaper
found in the place, and found that car
bolic acid had been spilled on them.
Detective Graham gave practically the
same testimony as that given by Ser
geant Duke. Ho was still on the stand
when the hearing was continued until
to-day.
PUNISHMENT FOR SCORCHERS
The Golden Gate Park Commissioners
are determined that the pernicious habit
of scorching on bicycles in the city's
pleasure ground must stop. Coasting will
also be vigorously suppressed. Orders
have been issued by the Commissioners
to this effect, and they will adopt meas
ures to see that they are rigidly enforced.
The park police have received instruc
tions to arrest offenders and will be on
the alert for their game. These steps
•were obliged to be taken on account of
the many serious accidents caused by
reckless riders, who have apparently no
regard for life when they mount their
machines. The municipal authorities re
cently took the matter in hand, with
good effect, and the park authorities pro
pose to work on the same lines.
BLEW OUT THE GAS.
Through her ignorance of the use of
pas, Anna M. Peterson, a domestic in the
service of K. Olsen, 913 Geary street, had
a narrow escape yestcrflay morning from
occupying a slab at the Morgue.
She arrived here from Copenhagen about
three weeks ago, and Wednesday Rev. O.
Oroensberg procured the situation for her
v.ith Olsen. She went there Wednesday
night, and Olsen was particular in ask
ing her if she know about the workings of
the gas jet. She said she did, but yes
terday morning she was found in bed un
conscious with tho gas turned on. She
had apparently blown out the light.
Sne was taken to the Receiving Hospital
in the ambulance and the usual remedies
were applied. Yesterday afternoon she
v. as j.roncunced out of danger. I
JOHN H. JEWETT
GETS ANOTHER
GOLD BRICK
Victimized by a Confi
dence Man.
. j
POLICE AFTER THE SWINDLER
REPRESENTED HE WAS A SOLIC
ITOR FOR THE RAILROAD.
Obtained Money for Inserting a Steel
Engraving in a Book En
titled "West of the
Rockies/
John H. Jewett, ex-president of the So
ciery of California Pioneers and president
of the Marysville Bank, has for the sec
ond time within a few months been the
victim of confidence men who have played '
upon his well-known generosity.
Yesterday he called at police headquart
ers and reported that he had been swln- j
died out of $65 by a man representing him- i
self as a solicitor for the Southern Pa- j
cific Company to obtain subscriptions or \
photographs of public men for a book j
they were to publish entitled "West of
the Rockies."
"The man. who gave his name as E. N.
Baker," said Mr. Jewett. "called at my
house, 931 Pine street, yesterday morning
and represented that Claus Spreckels, i
Colonel Hager and other prominent men
had subscribed for the book, which would j
contain steel engravings of prominent j
men only. Articles were to be written
by Mr. Spreckels and other leading men j
on subjects pertaining to California and
the book was to be circulated free in
hotels, railroad depots and other places.
He asked me to agTee to have a steel
engraving inserted in the book, which j
would cost $65, and believing in his rep- i
resentations I gave him the money and j
my photograph.
"I happened to meet Colonel Hager this
morning and mentioned the book to him.
He said the man had come to him, but he i
had refused to have anything to do with I
the book. I then made inquiry and dis
covered that the representations made by
Baker were false. I am afraid the fel- i
low will go around showing my photo- !
graph and get others to pay him $65 in
the same way."
Last July a man called upon Mr. Jewett
and represented that he had been sent
by the Republican State Central Commit
tee to ask him if he would receive a com
mittee of Republicans who desired to ten- i
dor him the nomination for the head of j
the ticket. Mr. Jewett declined the honor
and then the man presented a donation
list and asked him to subscribe to the
campaign fund. He looked over the paper j
and saw the names of Postmaster Mon- !
tague and others, who had apparently
subscribed sums from $10 to $20, and he |
gave the man $10. The man was profuse
in his thanks and as he left said that j
the committee would soon wait on Mr. |
Jowett. That was the last he saw or ]
heard of the man and a few days later
he discovered that the man was a fraud. |
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND BACE TRACK, Thursday, March 30, 1899.—Sixty
ninth day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast.
JOSEPH A. MURPHY. Presiding Judge.
JAMES B. FERGUSON. Starter.
QQn FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling: four-year-olds and upward; purse. $300.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Ist.
Vim.
V4m.
«4m.
Str.
867 Gov. Sheehan. a 111
709 Polish. 6 l"i
76S Roadwarmer, 6 109
726 (;racla*. 4 102
726 Sierra Blanco, 4 104j
7R."> Melkarth, 4 104
r.72 The Last, 4 107 1
BS6 Greyhurst, 6 120!
867 Nllhau, 4 104
SOI rr.lask!, a 10S
572 Bliss Rucker, 4 107
726 Jerilderio, 5 11l
"j I>. fonder. 3 10S 1
872 Schnltz. a 116
816 Henry C, 4 110
... Seven Up. 5 112;
3
■' 4
1
8
2
J
6
5
15
7
■;
H
lio
ii
In
16
1 13
• • «
...
3 3
5 M
1 l
8 1
2 4
7 h
6 M
9 1
11 2
14 4
4 1
1C
10 >4
13 M
16
15
...
3 4
4 1
I*
1 h
7 1
6 Vi
9
10
11
8 4
12
13
14
IS
16
1 3
2 14 !
3 3
4 4 i
5 2
6 3
7 %
8 h
!) 1
10 Vi I
11 4
II
13
14
15
16
W. Narvaez..
[Frawley
;Thorpe
jW. See
■Ruiz
[Mills
|Gray
O. Wilson
JMacklin
12
4
-2
10
10
20
10
8
15
15
6
4
; 6
8
IS
to
40
8
6-5
13
20
40
20
20
15
100
20
7
12
30
40
60
ICole
J. Daly
•Jones
McNlchola ...
[Hyland
iGlover
jMike Bergen.
Time— To Vi, :22: to \-z, :46%; last S. I:QJH; short \ : I:l2V*. Winner, W. LanJsberg's
b h by Falset'to-Altaire." Poor start. Won first three driving.
His Excellency won easily. Roadwarmer stopped. He is not game. Graoias ran a good
race with a "conk" up. Sierra Blanco showed plenty o f speed. Greyhurst pulled up lame.
Jerilderio badly handled.
qqw SECOND RACE— Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
St.
Vim.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
SS3 Sly. 5 118: 3
884 February. S 109 1
2" Harry Thoburn, a... 113, o
tSB Hefcrb Ho, 4 1W 9
(S2.">) Kamsin. 6 120 10
gM Socialist. 4 M 9 7
KK3 Jim Rrownell. 4 107, 4
884 Montallade, 6 113j 2
889 Ringmaster, 5 113 11
S7S Alicia, 6 Hi 8
S7B Midas, a 11l *>
(S7l) Ruskln, 4 109| *
3 >/*
13
4 [ 2
1 Vi
10
6 4
5 h
2 4
9 £
S \t
11
2 1
1 I'-.
4 %
8 1
7 V 4
6 4
9
3 2
5 4
10
li
1 h IBullman I 6
1 M Thorpe | 3
:: ••■• Ruiz i 6
4 h IJ. Reiff j 8
t h Hennesay l"
6 h IGray fi
7 2 JMounce | 15
X 2 Jones 6
!) 3 W. See I 40
10 10 I. Powell | 8
11 'Holmes | 40
I Jenkins ! 8
9-2
7-2
12
20
15
20
6
60
10
100
7
•Ix'ft
Time—To \, 21' i; to Vi. :46V4: last %. l:02Vi : short ?i, I : l 2 Vi . Winner, Lassen Stable's
b ni by Raclne-Aurelia 11. Good start except Ruskin. Won first three driving.
Sly was best. February rnn her race. Thoburn will do next time. Hoigh Hn came
from away back. Kamsin finished strong. Socialist poorly ridden. Nothing floins Alicia.
Scratched— Don Fulano 116, Be Happy 114, Silver State 106, Ricardo 113, Kaiser Ludwig
116.
OfkQ THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
OUO» purse. $400.
Ind°x. Horse. Age. Weight.' St. Std. Urn.
Urn.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
870 Robert Bonner, 5... 103 ; 4 6 4
870 The Fretter, 3 33 I 11
870 Castake, 4 102 3 2 M
SOI Vincitor. 5 115 2 4 £
SS3 Tom Calvert. 5 109 8 814
881 Saintly. 3 S."> 5 3%
i(t96) CroHsmollna. 3 84 6 I %
873 Benamela, 6 103 9 10
812 Watossa, 3 83 7 6 h
823 Ma—us. 4 103 10 9%
702 McPryor, 6 103 11 11
869 Sir l/rlan. 3 ■ 8S »
4 1
2 2
3 2
5 3
10 8
1 3
8 1
11
6 *.
9 1
7 1
32
2 4
4 8
5 4
7 3
1 14
6 1
11
8 1
9 2
10 8
1 1
. 3 2
4 3
5 3
6 2
2 V,
7 8
11
8 4
9 2
10
1 n
2 3
3 1
4 5
6
6 1
8
9
10
11
1 h !
2 10 I
3 6 j
4 I
5 1
6 2
7 10
8 1
9
10
11
!J. Reiff
McNlchols ...
5
6
3
I
12
S
8
3
40
40
50
5
6
7
5
S
40
15
8
4
100
100
300
5
i Jones
f-m. A «
Thorpe
Flint
J. Daly
ICoburn
Ruiz
Johnson
W. Narvaez..
Romero
IDevin
4tn»-\-\% :06H; »-16. :30; 9-16, :55Vi : 13-16. 1:22: mile. 1:42: 1 1-16 miles, 1:48%. Winner.
I. H. Ezell's eh. g. by imp. Rosslngton-Belle of Nantura. Poor start. Won first three
F \lobert Bonner received best ride. MoNlchols, who rode The Fretter, is three removes
from a dullard. Vlncltor could raise no speed. Saintly stopped. Benamela as good as
Scratched— Adam Andrew 1Q& Rapido 103.
_»OQ FOURTH RACE— Four and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; General Arthur stakes;
O«7*J» value $1230.
Mm.
\m.
Str.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
Index. Horse.
Weißht.
K44 Kitty Kelly 1
(85-8) Loch Katrine 1
862 Lomond 13
893 La Amiga V
I 3
,'l 2
! 4
2 2
32
1 h
4
1 2
3 3
2 3
4
1 3
3 3
2 h
4
1 4
2 4
4_
J. Reiff 1
Hennessy .... |
Thorpe I
Pnh
5-2 5-2
3-2 |
1 11-10
15 10
Ruiz |
Ruiz
Time— l-16, :07V4 : 6-16, :3Hi: fl-l«, :"»6*i. Winner, W. L. Stanfleld's br. f. by Apache-Play
Toy Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
The winner was best. Loch Katrine finished well under weak riding. Lomond stopped.
La AmiKa cr**y.
f\{\(\ FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth mile.*; selling; three-year-olds and
yUU« purse. $400.
upward ;
I
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Std. »4m.
Mm.
?ira.
Str.
Fin.
717 David Tcnny, & 1101 2
876 Morinol. 4 105 1 1
841 Mistleton. 5 102; 3
3
1 2
2 h
2 h
1 2
3
2 h -
1 2
3
2 2
1 1
3
2 3
1 Vi
3
1 2 'Thorpe 4-5
2 3 [Jones 3-2
3 JMcNlchols ... 6
1
3-2
5
Time— VA :13Vi: %. :33V>; %. l:04V4; "i. 1:30%: mile, 1:43: lVim, i:33Vj. Winner, Burns &
Waterhouse's b. h. by Tenny-Mamle B. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
Tenny won on class and sameness. Was not up to a bruising race.
Scratched— Rey del Tlerra 114.
Of~|l SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and upward; free handicap; purse, $300.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Mm.
Hm.
*m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
863 Rosormonde, 4 103)
gSI Kf-rreatlon. 4 87 j
887 Ollnthus, 3 104:
(BKR) Topmast. 6 115
773 Hohenzollern, 5 104
S7B Frohman, 4 87j
3
4
1
2
5
i « '
1 1
3 3
2 h
& 3
• -4 1:V
6
1 2
2 4
2 2
4 2
5 3
6
1 1
2 4
3 2
4 4
5 3
6
1 1
3 2
24
4 3
6 5
<
1 ns
2 2
3 2
4 3
5 5
6
Bullman
J. Reiff
E. Jones
4 7-2
4 5
4 9-2
8-5 15fJ
10 20
6 9-2
Hennessy
McNlchols ...
J. n.ily
Time— v,, :25; M. :49<4; %. l:lsVij mile, l:4lVf. Winner. J. Naglee Burkes b. m. by
imp. Ormonde-Imp. Fairy Rose. Poor start. Won first three driving.
Bullman's good riding told at the end. Topmast ran queerly. Frohman virtually left.
Scratched— Cromwell 112.
GATHERING OF
THE OUTSIDERS
AT OAKLAND
David Tenny the One
Winning Choice.
KITTY KELLY TOOK THE STAKE
LOMOND PROVED A BIG DIS
APPOINTMENT.
Governor Sheehan Won at Odds of
40 to I— Sly Fancied the Weather.
David Tenny in Society
Again.
There is no gainsaying the fact that
the racing game is getting to be a diffi
cult one to beat as "get-away" day draws
near. The races at Oakland yesterday
were a veritable potpourri of wonders;
too deep for the strongest minds to de
cipher. Bullman made Ills reappearance
in the saddle and received a mild ova
tion, for the riding talent is bad— very
bad. He accepted but two mounts, and
on both occasions was returned a winner.
Game David Tenny was the lone equine
hero, the only winning favorite.
Not many days ago Ivy Powell rode
Governor Sheehan in a race, took his
time and ran unplaced. His odds on that
occasion were not loose. Yesterday, in
the opening sprint over the Futurity
course. \V. Narvaes, who has not piloted
a winner since the ice broke up in the
lake, sat astride the Governor, and at
odds of 40 to 1 won easily. So much for
the caprices of racing.. Roadwarmer
rated favorite, and was beaten for the
place by Polish, after showing in front
for many rods.
The invulnerable Sly, the wizard mare
of the Hanlon string, took the spin over
the Futurity course that followed. The
price, 6 to 1, was rather refreshing, and
Bullman got her to the wire a head be
fore February. Harry Thoburn, meekly
ridden by Ruiz, secured show honors.
Johnny Reiff captured the mile and a
sixteenth run. with Robert Bonner, an 8
to 1 shot. Ezell's horse was a real live
one, and taking the lead in the stretch
disposed of The Fretter in the mix-up by
a head. The latter should have won, but
was ridden by the idiotic McNichols.
Vincitor had his odds pounded down from
8 to 4, and ran like an artillery horse.
The General Arthur stake for two-year
olds proved easy for Kitty Kelly. Lo
mond, with Thorpe in the saddle, had
first call in the betting, but ran disap
pointingly. Kitty Kelly led Loch Katrine
past the judges with considerable to
snare. The winner was 3 to 1 in the bet
ting.
The long price of even money was
chalked against David Tenny winning the
mile and a furlong run. He collared Mnr
inel at the head of the stretch, beating
her out like breaking sticks.
The free handicap, at a mile, went to
Rosormonde. Bullman had her in front
from the start, and driving hard at the
■ THE EMPORIUM. . ; THE EMPORIUM. •
?£»»»»»»»»»»» ****** ********* ***************^
ft Vargas and We shall an- *
!r operatic duets {§3fjil*'*** \ar»<J ■ c j > «
ft at concert to- ** OoWcnaCkßazaar. V^ in Sunday s J
I at concert °- papers — it
A morrow night. c*M*m*stmx%r-«muiofsc**wursnm. watch for it.*
a — ~> * *
* s^2f . 0^- — <* \
* // Spcc/al s5aL£S — // *
* is v *
* A large and unusually attractive assortment of Easter^
ft Cards and Booklets, from designs of the leading artists of «
ft the world. Prices range from 2c to $2 each. . ;J
* The Easter window, "Simply to Thy Cross I Cling," has never J
A been equaled by a window decorator in this city. Other beautiful ♦
* Easter decorations in main aisles. *
♦ The Biggest Bargain Yet
ft For Music Lovers.
+ Ordinarily we sell 50c Sheet Music at
ft 35c. To-day only we offer the choice of
A any piece in our extensive collection of
ft 35c Sheet Music Tor 26c
ft And with every purchase of Sheet
ft Music we will present you free an
J artistically printed copy, on . good coated
ft paper, of the latest popular two-step, i
ft "The Bridesmaid March," which we sell
ft regularly at 35c a copy. Among the |
ft pieces from which you can select at 28c
ft are:
ft Stars and Stripes Forever.
A My Sweet Eileen.
■* Bride-Elect March.
ft ■ La Bouton March.
ft My Honolulu Queen.
T Hottest Coon in Dixie.
£ Sleep. My Little Pickaninny,
A Honolulu Rag-Time Patrol.
A Georgia Camp Meeting March.
ft Cyrano Waltzes, Etc.
A Until Saturday Night, These
♦ Extraordinary Prices — An Easter
ft Offering in
i Fine Liquors.
ft Especial attention is called to the Old
A f*W[ Government Bourbon at
ft ii! ' QsOm Where can you get
ft iz it wholesale at this remark-
ed i able price?
ft Z. Good Bourbon Whiskey —
♦ J* Si our $2.50 per gallon quality
* /<£ I|l\ —all this week $2.00
ft jgs :^=J Good Sherry Wine — our
♦ KjVl^ij $L5O per gallon g rade ~ all
ft H(dß3oy this Week 98c
A Ml* California Sauterne, a very
ft f " 7u *"' < ''! t , v fine quality — 5 years old —
♦ .JUI. I.*1 .* ' regularly 75c gallon—
? ....."" week 53c
? -^__ "^ Old Government Bourbon
ft l -*= — — 100 proof— bottled in bond
ft —regularly $1.50 bottle— this week.9sc
A Or you may have Old Government 1
ft Special Reserve, distillery bottling, at
ft same price if preferred.
A I,
ft Price Reduced for Friday Only.
% Drapery Silk, 63c.
ft 310 yards of choice sl Drapery Silks — '
jr full 28 inches wide — heavily embroidered
? with gold— in white and light shades of
ft blue, pink and Nile green — offered for to- i
ft day only, yard 63c
ft "
ft For Bargain Friday Only.
ft Leather Belts, 13c.
ft Solid Leather Belt, like picture — with
A _.
♦ covered buckle — the kind that retails for j
$ — in black and colors — 42 dozen of- ;
ft fered to-day only, each 13c
ft sOc on the $I—A few very fine j
ft Jeweled Metal Belt?, that have been $1 j
A to $15 each, offered to-day to close out
ft the lot at exactly one-half the marked
ft prices.
ft —
ft* On Bargain Friday Only.
% $2.25 Bibles, 88c.
ft Divinity Circuit Bibles- — flexible lap-
ft over Morocco covers, with round corners
ft — printed in good-sized type on fine !
J paper with red under gold edges — 17 j
J full-page plates — latest approved ''helps"
ft — publisher's price $2.25 — for to-
ft day only • 88G
wire the Ormonde mare snatched the ver
dict from Recreation by a nose.
Track Notes.
Ruiz was Indefinitely suspended by the
Judges for his indifferent handling of Bena
nitla.
The stewards of the California Jockey Club
met last evening, but nothing of importance
was transacted. All former rulings were re
affirmed.
To-Day's Entries.
/First Race—Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
896 Henry C 119 89S Magnus 116
897 Midas 123 885 Royal Fan 102
639 Formella 114 871 Sweet William.. 123
872 Colonial Dame..ll4! 771 Dolore 118
575 Merry Boy 120 553 Petrarch 120
S9O Earl Islington...lo7 885 Sidelong 104
566 Polka 104 S6'J Madrone 120
Second Race—Three and a half furlongs; two
year-old fillies.
893 Tanobe 1101 BSO Basseda 115
BS6 Icedrop 115) 880 Palapa 110
891 Pidalla 110! 829 Kolena 110
891 Solace 1101 593 Fannie Mi 115....110
556 Champion Rose. 110 i 850 Giga 110
Third Race— furlongs; colt and geldings.
BS6 Big Horn 103! S6S Gusto 103
891 Slsquoc 103 1 ... Saul of Tarsus..ins
Limerick 105' 893 Tom Sharkey 100
893 Yoloco 10S!8S6Tar Hill 103
Sl5 Yellow Tall 113
Fourth Futurity course; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
885 Yaruba 104 SSI Charmante 102
895 Stromo 104 SSS Anchored 107
(S9:)Faversham 107 893 Ocorona 102
576 Malnbar 116' 886 Jingle Jingle 102
(750)JudKe Stouffer. .120 i 765 Tiburon 104
557 Sombre 1°
Fifth Race —One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward'; selling.
KM Horatio 110! 873 Eddie Jones 110
889 Earl Cochran...lo7| ... Don Vallejo 107
852 Imp. Mistral 11.110. 804 Moringa 103
875 Joe rilman lll|(Sl4)Gotobed 106
882 Truxillo -.110!
Sixth Race— and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward.
88° Byron Cross 85 889 Prince Blazes...loo
895 Limewater 96 876 Una Colorado... M
847 Twinkle Twink. 97 847 Torsida 103
853 P. A. Flnnegan. 98 843 Coda 102
Selections for To-Day.
First Race—Polka, Dolore. Madrone.-
Second Race—Basseda, Icedrop. Solace.
Third Yellow Tail, Big Horn, Saul of
Tarsus. '/■■
Fourth Sombre, ' Tiburon, Judge Stouf
fer. .
Fifth Race— Joe Ullman, Morlnga, Eddie
Jones.
Sixth Limewater. Torsida, Coda.
■ ♦ ■
The Children's Society.
The office of the California Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children has
been moved from 211 Powell street to room
306, third floor of the Parrott building. It
was decided some time ago that the old
location was a little too far from the cen
ter of the business part of the city. It is
believed that the change will be very
beneficial to the society. The new quar
ters are sunny and attractive.
' They'll Need Them Easier. . > ♦
Children's Shoes, j
Paris Kid Lace or Button X
\^^W& Shoes— fancy dotted silk
|'.-»^W\ vesting tops — new coin*
\~\' .A * oes — a tent leather tips — JJ
A?"""**"'^i sewed soles — spring heels — J
f*s}!«-'.''Vv U P to date in S
Ofo»"'*^^»- style and win
:s *^" \fel^ ye sa^' s f ac * "#•
i jffB^ tory wear. "fl 1
$1.50 sizes— B', to 11— to-day.. $1.03 «
$2.00 sizes— ll^ to 2— to-day... 51.23 *
* <*
Grocery Specials. «
77/£S£ deeply cut prices on the *
highest quality food products are *
/or //?«? balance of this week only. %
Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate — 1-lb ♦
tins— regularly 30c 24c JJ
Ghirardelli's Breakfast Cocoa — 1-lb 5,
tins — regularly 45c 4-Oc 21
Royal Baking Powder — 1-lb cm±.39c q>
3 tons Good Prunes — per lb 5c *
Emporium Mocha and Java Coffee — <#
regularly 35c— spedial this week... 3OC *
1000 lbs Sultana Raisins— regularly Sc ♦
lb — special this week s\O J
A. Roche Imported Sardines — 143 — reg- 2>
ularly lOc'tin — this week 8c
10-oz Candles— this week 6 for Sc «
f
For Bargain Friday Only, <*
*.— __ M 15c Towels I
mmss for We. J
iwtP?' » | Frictional Tow- *
lI'TIWEES els — Closely woven*
'""^"v nr\^k»Bl crisp finish Turkish *
y" U(9:^p| Towels, for the bath— *>
hj-xS . .' .t*Trii^RJ good large size (20x42
Wni%7'Z> r s/P/F-&' >ii inches) — neat red line wv
-^£££%M?i£x< o° r " G — regularly^
F«^-sj«s;;^,«^2 $1.80 dozen — ♦
MMJjSj f° r Bargain Friday to, *
each file J
For Bargain Friday Only, .
50c Vests for 25c. %
Ladies' Imported Swiss Ribbed Real *
Lisle Thread Vests — — no sleeves *
— silk braid drawn through neck and 2
arm holes — sold ordinarily by other deal-
ers and ourselves at 50c each — special ,g>
to-day only 2Sc *
*
Attractive Friday Bargain in *
Picture Frames. *
Fancy Wood /iSw *
Frames for Cab- ffi^^r~__233s *
met size pic- j&^"' •■'•'JW J
tures, dark olive III:!'"" ■-t "fjf 2
green, light // '7 HZ 4 «
green and ma- / / 7 win «\ «
roon colors — If I ' ''IS\ ♦
a mental brass /// Mill V *
corners and top Lf/Mlk'iii/llri l; nJy^ 4 1
piece — I^-inch fist^ il ' ; -_' 77^6f ' *
mat and glass "•*.
complete — hang or — regularly 60c *
each — to-day only 33c 2
Friday Special Sale of #
Writing Paper. %
Whiting's High-grade Writing Paper — *
Royal Satin and Royal Linen Cream — 50 JJ
lbs weight— octavo or commercial sizes 2
— at the price we quote for to-day only
— the biggest value ever offered in this
city 96 sheets for 18c «
A
WILL RACE AGAINST
THE EASTERN CRACKS
McFABLAND AND STEVENS LEFT
YESTERDAY.
Downing and Ziegler Will SooJ!
Follow —San Leandro Electrio
Koad Will Not Charge for
Wheels —Road Race.
Floyd A. McFarland of San Jose and
Orlando L. Stevens of lowa, with their
trainers, James McFarland and Ed Juth,
left for Louisville, Ky., last night, whera
the two first named will go into active
training for the coming season on the
Eastern cycle racing circuit. McFarland
won the one-mile championship of Amer
ica in IS9S, and now that Eddie Bald has
given up racing is in a fair way to head
the list of American riders.
Hardy Downing, Otto Ziegler Jr.,
"Baby" Gibson and Trainer Ward will go
East about the middle of April. Downing
is going to Louisvile. while Ziegler and
Gibson, with Ward, go to Cincinnati.
Downing writes that the San Jose track
has been covered with dirt at the homo
stretch, to make a better baseball dia
mond out of it and the center space. Thia
can be removed at any time prior to a
meet, however. The men have been train
ing on the road in consequence, doing
from ten to thirty miles twice a day,
weather permitting.
The San Leandro electric road made an
announcement yesterday which will pleas*
all wheelmen who have occasion to cress
the bay. Commencing at once, bicycles
will be carried free on all cars of the
company. Heretofore the charge has been
equal to the fare of, a person, which to
Haywards is 25 cents, so that the saving
to the riders who patronize the roads is
considerable. The change was brought
about through the efforts of President
Paul M. Nippert of the Asociated Club.-,
and the broad policy of the company is
again evidenced.
The postponed road race of the Bay City
Wheelmen will be held over the five-mile
stretch from San Leandro to Haywards
Sunday morning next. Captain Menne
will take a club run over on the 9 a. m.
broad gauge boat. Entries and handicaps
will be announced to-morrow.
The Bay City's annual party will occur
next Wednesday night at the Palace
Hotel.
The regular monthly meeting of the
board of governors of the Asociated Cy
cling Clubs will be held to-morrow night
at room 562. Parrott building. All dele
gates are requested to be on hand prompt
ly at 8 p. m.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen will hold a
sealed handicap ten-mile road race over
the second relay, ending at San Mateo,
Sunday. The entrants are E. F. Russ.
George P. Fuller. H. D. Bean, E. O. Krag
ness. George E. Kroetz. M. M. Cook. Per
cy Dell. Joe Kingsl^y. Eddie Adams.
Hank Ford. James Smith. L. H. Smith,
William Walters, H. S. Henderson and
James L. Ustl, all candidates for posi
tions on the club's relay team.
56
FRIDAY  MARCH 31, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. J^ K^J^^i!!!L.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 186 S.
I DITORIAL BOOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 18 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents. • ;
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday (-all), one year $6.00
IjaILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «fie
BUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL.' One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies Will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE . Wellington Hot«l
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESB, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock. 387 Hayes street, oocn until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- £29* Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until. 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:50 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an«
"' Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Rob Roy."
Orpheum — Vaudeville. .
Alcazar — "Nerves." *
Tlvol! "The Bohemian Girl."
Alhambra — "Saved From the Flames."
Grand Opera House— The Southwell Opera Company.-Sat
urday evening, April 1.
Chutes, Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
AUCTION SALES.
=
. By Davis. Belaa & Co.— This Day, at 11 o'clock, High-
grade Bicycles, at salesrooms.
= , By F. W. BiAterfleld This Day, at 11 o'clock, . Furniture,
at corner Sixteenth ajid Sanchez streets.
MISPLACED SELF-LAUDATION.
OUR esteemed contemporary, the Examiner,
ratulates us upon furnishing it with evi
dence that in the last campaign some of its
partisan predictions were founded upon facts. It
claims that it warned us against the Board of Super
visors, the Railroad Commission, Dan Burns and the
Legislature, and it now alleges that although its as
sertions were discounted by the people at the ballot
boxes, they have all turned out to be true. It construes
some recent criticisms in The Call. as confessions of
error, and it only regrets that we did not see fit to
join with it at the last election "in preventing the
election of the scoundrels" we now- condemn.
This is all very well, but it is what our esteemed
railroad contemporary, the Evening Post, would call
"tommyrot." Suppose we had united with .the Ex
aminer at the last election in opposing the success of
the entire Republican ticket, State and city, and sup
pose we had succeeded in electing the .entire Demo
cratic ticket, what would have been the result?
Would we have obtained a better government at the
hands of the Phelan-McNab combine, than we ob
tained at the hands of the same combine two years
We beg to remind our contemporary that in
1896, when the people adopted its programme, the
Examiner imposed upon us the worst Supervisors and
School Directors ever known in the history of San
Francisco. A majority of the Board of Education
were downright thieves, and if justice had been done
every one of them would now be wearing stripes.
.Mayor Phelan himself, in order to save his repu
■n, was compelled to institute proceedings for
ousting the Board of Supervisors. As a matter of
fact, that choice band of Democratic boodlers was
thrown out of the City Hall by a body of policemen
and only regained power through a decision of the
Supreme Court, which held that the Mayor had
adopted the wrong method of suppressing them.'
At no stage of the game did anybody defend that
Board of Supervisors, and we have never heard a
word of praise outside the penitentiary for the Ex
aminer's School Directors. Of what avail would it
have been in the last campaign to follow the counsel
of a newspaper which brought such a government
upon the city only two years before? The present
administration .may not be the best we can get, but
it is a vast improvement upon the Phelan-McNab ad
ministration of 1897-98. In fact, we regard the Ex
aminer's self-laudation at this time as entirely mis
ed. It is buncombe and will not stand analysis.
1 government cannot be produced by giving the
oftices to the Phelan-McNab combine.
PESTHOUSE IMPROVEMENTS.
WITH commendable promptness the Super
visors have projected plans tor the improve
ment of the Pesthouse and rendering the con
dition of the inmates more comfortable. The plans
thus far outlined are not imposing, nor will they cost
much when carried oourt r but they promise the imme
diate attainment of the desired object of relief.
Superintendent Thompson, who has had charge of
the construction of the Hall of Justice, and who has
been in consultation with the committee of the Board
of Supervisors having the subject in charge,' is re
ported to have advised the total destruction of the
present dilapidated structure by fire and the construc
tion of a smaller building at a cost, not to exceed
$1000. It is believed that such a building will be ;
ample for the needs of the institution and that it will
afford the afflicted shelter and warmth.
If ior so small a sum as that the evil plight of the
inmates of the Pesthouse can be freed from the dis
.comforts of their present quarters, there can be no
; excuse whatever for delay in performing the work.
■ould be undertaken at once.
• While the plan suggested has been favorably con
sidered, it has not yet been adopted by the committee.
It is expected, however, that a definite plan of im
provement will be reported to the Supervisors at the
meeting next Monday, and in the meantime the com
mittee is to make a careful examination of the whole
subject The prospects, therefore, are that within a
comparatively short time the unfortunates of the city
who are afflicted with pestilential diseases will have
for their abode a true hospital and not a damp,
moldy barrack swept by the winds and dripping with
moisture in every rainstorm.
Whatever is to be done must be done quickly. Nor
should there be too much haggling over the matter
of cost. In any event it need not be an expensive
undertaking, and every instinct of humanity calls for
its accomplishment.
This country will mourn with J. Pierpont Morgan
the loss of a $4000 collie, particularly as the next busi
ness combination made by Morgan will force the
country to pay for that purp.
THE DROUGHT APPROPRIATION.
LAST December it became public that the people
of a considerable section of two counties in this
State were so enfeebled in their resources by
the drought that they were unable to iced and carry
their livestock over to seeding time, were without re
sources for procuring seed grain, and in many in
stances were pinched in their supply of the neces
saries of life. The extent of the emergency has since
been measured in the closing of banks in the towns
to which the stricken region is tributary, because
there was no business for them, and their assets could j
not be realized on because of the prevailing lack of
resources among the people.
When this emergency appeared at the close of last
year it was seen to involve the interests of the public
and the State to such an extent that public action was
immediately required to relieve the distress and miti
gate to the minimum the harm to the reputation of
the State, which must come by the spreading abroad
of exaggerated and sensational reports.
California is the second State of the Union in area,
and the first in the variety of its soil, climate and re
sources. The district affected by drought in Monterey
and San Luis Übispo counties bears the same relation
and proportion to the rest of the State that a county
in New jersey does to the whole area of the Middle
5. But abroad the news of that limited and local
...■-.• presents to the minds of men all California
scorched and feared by drought beyond the possibil
ity of self-support of her people.
Aware of this, the mercantile organizations of this
city and the State Board of Trade at once took meas
ures to ascertain all the facts, to make public the
boundaries of the troubled district and the conditions
therein which had caused the only real distress that
followed the drought.
The Examiner had already commenced exploiting
the matter as a newspaper sensation, and had by sub
scription raised a small sum of money, of which it
constituted itself the almoner, and with its "commis
sioners," artists, reporters, and wagons with its ad
vertisements printed on them, was entering upon a
winter's campaign of newspaper sensation which
all thoughtful men saw would inflict the i
maximum of damage upon the State while |
affording the minimum of relief to those who j
needed it. To avert this, and to carry the smitten peo
ple over to a more propitious season, was the problem
which confronted the State. The Governor of the
State, being without available pubiic funds for the
purpose, sought some quarter in which an advance
of the funds necessary could be secured, upon the as
surance that the Legislature, soon to be in session,
would refund the money and appropriate as much
more a* might be found necessary to carry en the
relief work until a better season made the needy peo
ple again self-supporting.
Upon application to Air. Claus Spreckels the Gov
ernor was offered by that gentleman a check for
$50,000 to be used in supplying forage for ranch
stock, food for the people and grain for seeding. It
was determined that half that sum would do the work,
and Mr. Spreckels therefore advanced $25,000. This
sum was put in the hands of Mayor Phelan. Mr.
Dohrmann of the Merchants' Association and Mr. A.
L. Spreckels, as commissioners, to apply it to the pur
poses for which it was advanced.
The case was not without precedents. Twice in_
public emergencies which the State had no funds to
meet the late Mr. Charles Crocker advanced the
money, on one occasion in the large sum of $75,000,
and in both cases was duly reimbursed by an appro
priation made by the Legislature. These precedents
■ made it clear that- the- Governor could solicit and the
State receive advances of money in emergencies, and
that the Legislature could recoup the party making
the advance.
The cash advanced by Mr. Spreckels was imme
diately devoted to the purpose for which it was in
tended. The office machinery of the Merchants' As
sociation was used in the orderly transaction of the
business, without cost to the fund distributed, and in
due time a bill was introduced in the Legislature by
the representative of the aided district for the return
of the money to Mr. Spreckels, and was passed in
both houses without a dissenting vote.
As this bill remained in the Governor's hands, after
adjournment, without action, Mr. Dohrmann, presi
dent of the commission to distribute the fund, made
inquiry of Governor Gage as to his intentions con
cerning it, informing him that there was a balance of
the money advanced by Mr. Spreckels on hand, to
the amount of about $12,000, the use of which was
necessary to continue the relief work, but that its de
votion to that purpose would be optional with Mr.
Spreckels if the appropriation failed to receive the
Governor's signature. To this the Governor made
answer by way of inquiry, asking: "Did not the
Examiner donate $5000 to the same relief work and
did not Mr. Spreckels Jbnate thereto this $25,000, and
was not a picture of the check printed in The Call,
and did not this paper publish abroad compliments
to the philanthropy of Mr. Spreckels?"
To this Mr. Dohrmann answered with a statement
of the facts, as above narrated, md thereafter the
Governor withheld his signature from the bill, as he
states upon constitutional grounds, ; .id the appropri
ation therefore was killed.
If the Governor's objection was constitutional, it is
unfortunate that he put it on other grounds in his
communication to Mr. Dohrmann, for the letter
answered only the objection made by the Governor,
to wit. that the money was a philanthropic donation
by Mr. Spreckels, and demonstrated that it was an
advance made to the State, to meet an emergency, at
the request of Governor Budd. Had Governor Gage
put his objection upon constitutional grounds in the
first place, the Relief Commission would have sub
mitted an argument in answer thereto. But as the
matter stands Governor Gage objected to the appro
priation on one ground and killed it on one entirely
different, to which he' permitted no argument nor ex
planation.
It appears, therefore, that the emergency for which
the money was advanced by Mr. Spreckels existed,
that the Legislature has adjourned and the Governor
has defeated a measure intended by it to meet that
emergency, and that it is left to be met solely out
of the private funds of Mr. Spreckels, at his option.
The people in the district affected cannot pay their
taxes, cannot buy grain for seeding a crop, cannot
carry themselves over to the harvest without help, but,
as far as the State is concerned, the Governor has left
them and their livestock to starve and their fields to
go untilled and unplanted.
Similar emergencies are not unknown in other
States. Only recently they have been met in
Nebraska and elsewhere by aid extended out of the
public funds by the State. They may arise here
again, and if the constitution prevent the extension of
that aid by the State, it should be known now. To
this end it is only reasonable to expect that Governor '
Gage will make public his interpretation of the con
stitution which caused him to kill this appropriation.
If it turn out that the constitutional objection is un
tenable a bad precedent has been established.
When Mr. Spreckels was informed of the Gov
ernor's action Mr. Dohrmann told him that, in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 31, 1899*
deference to the self-respect of the fanners to whom
relief had been given, they had been permitted to give
the Relief Commission their notes. Mr. Spreckels
then instructed him to return these notes to their
signers with his compliments, and there, so far as he
is concerned, the incident closed. But as concerns
the State it is not closed. Future emergencies will
arise and citizens will be again called on to assume
burdens for which the State is unprepared. Whether
they will do this in the prospect of the State's repu
diation of responsibility the future must disclose. The
correspondence in the matter and the facts concerning
it will be found in our news columns, and the facts as
i to the Governor's action are thereby submitted to
l public judgment.
THE SAMOAN CRISIS.
BEYOND a doubt the Samoan Islands are pro
ductive and the islanders are busy producers,
but of late years the soil and the people to
gether, under the stimulating influence of the aggre
gated governmental energies and science of the
United States. Great Britain and Germany, have
raised more Cain than sugar, and the crisis crop has
been bigger and more frequent than the cocoanut
crop.
There is not the slightest danger of a war growing
out of the imbroglio, tor it is too much like the com
plication of a comic opera to be taken seriously even
by diplomatist?, but it has already reached a develop
ment which has called for the roaring of big guns and
caused a considerable number of deaths. Silly as the
quarrel may be, it is clearly time to put a stop to it.
The affair has gone beyond the domain of talk, and
sonic action must be taken to restore order and pro
tect life and property.
As the situation stands the German representative
in the islands is in the wrong, and it is not likely
his Government will sustain him. Of the three
powers equally vested with authority in the islands
and bound by agreement to act in harmony, two have
supported the government of young Malietoa, and
moreover the Supreme Court established by the
powers has confirmed the title of that government.
Such being the case, it is the duty of the German
representative at Apia to obey the court and leave
to the Berlin Government the duty of making any
protests which German interests require to be made.
By acting as they have done the Germans have
stirred up a strife which has forced the American
and the British warships to fire upon the natives,
the German warship in the port remaining an inac
tive spectator and giving no help whatever to en
force the law. It is evident such a situation is intol
erable. It cannot be "long now before the tripartite
government is abolished. Either the islands will be
divided or it will be determined which power is going
to rule theni.
THE CEMETERY QUESTION.
THE cemetery question in this city will never be
settled until the Board of Supervisors passes an
ordinance forbidding further burials within the
corporation limits. There are practically no argu
ments against the enactment of such a law. The only
persons who have appeared so far in opposition are
■those whose financial or other interests impel them
to take issue with the promoters of the closing move
ment in the Western Addition.
This matter will come before the Health and Po
lice Committee of the Supervisors this morning, when
the old straw will be once more threshed over. The
ordinance pending before that committee changes
the boundary line within which further burials are
permitted after 1902 in such a way as to virtually
close the present cemeteries. This ordinance has been
indorsed by the Western Addition and Richmond
improvement clubs and is advocated by the Mission
Federation of Improvement Clubs.
The necessity for the passage of such an ordinance
is that no matter what progress cremation makes, it
is certain that burying will be the practice for many
years to come. Therefore cemeteries should be lo
cated a long distance away from the habitations of
the living.
While there is a dispute as to whether burying
grounds propagate disease, it cannot be claimed that
they are health resorts. Decaying bodies cannot pos
sibly improve the soil nor increase the purity of the
air. The Supervisors possess the power to forbid
burials, for cemeteries are subject to police control.
The Western Addition cemeteries are an injury to
that portion of the city, and their closing is demanded
by every consideration of the present and future wel
fare of the city.' The old City Cemetery and Italian
Cemetery were closed by the last Board of Super
visors, and the same action should be taken with re
spect to the remaining cemeteries. The Committee
on Health and Police should give this subject earnest
consideration and decide it in such a manner as will
satisfy the people generally, who, we think, are in
favor of closing.
There is hardly a doubt that the story of a plot
against the Czar, wherein his mother is a central
figure, is a baseless and silly yarn. The good lady
would never subject her son to the embarrassment of
having to send her to Siberia.
This thing of taking up the white man's burden
lacks all the essential elements of a picnic. The bur
den seems to be stacked up in every quarter waiting
for some white man to come along and break his
back under it.
The Senate of Kansas has declared a judgeship va
cant because the man elected had given out some
ante-election cigars. Probably he made his mistake
in not giving better ones.
»
Missouri has just hanged a man named Soper for
the murder of five people. Soper owes to society the
duty of being reincarnated four times and hanged
each time.
Ingleside is now trying to show what it has done
for the city, but the record of the courts and the
Morgue is the proper place to look for definite in
formation.
To observe three undertakers squabbling over pos
session of the body of a stranger teaches among other
things that the deceased left some money.
Apparently no proprietor of a ham sandwich
wagon can shift quarters any more easily than
Aguinaldo his capital.
No Anglo-American alliance has been formed, but
the guns of England and America seem to be aimed
at a common target.
Probably in the statement that Alger has got out
of the War Department for keeps the wish is father
j to the thought.
It must make those Colorado silver men suffer to
observe how the mines there go right on producing
gold. •' . .
General Eagan swears so violently as to rupture
his judgment
MINERS WANT
AN ADDITIONAL
APPROPRIATION
Lack Funds for State
Exhibit at Paris.
THEY NEED $100,000 MORE
SUPERVISORS WELL BE ASKED
FOR §50,000.
State and Local Mining Interests
Expect to Be Able to Raise
the Balance From Other
Sources.
The San Francisco Miners' Association
and other wealthy Interests of this city
Intend to make a determined effort to
induce the Board of Supervisors to set
an appropriation of J50.000 to be
used in sending and maintaining at the
Paris Exposition a suitable mlninj
hibit. The miners of the city and State
are very much disappointed over the
State appropriation of only (120.000, which
must cover the cost and maintenance of
the entire exhibit of the different produc
tive Interests of the State.
Only $25,000 of this sum was set aside by
the Legislature to defray the expenses of
the mining exhibit. Those interested in
the mining resources of the State feel
that the above mentioned sum is wholly
insufficient for a creditable exhibit of Cali
fornia's vast mining resources, and they
intend to raise at least $100,000 more, mak
ing the total amount to be spent in Cali
fornia^ exhibit at the Paris Exposition
$225,000. •
if they can Induce the Hoard of Super
visors to appropriate J50.000 tor this pur
pose the miners fe< i certain that they can
easily raise $JO,O'JO more from other
sources throughout the State.
Jt is feared that the mining interests of
the Stale wiil Buffer Irreparable injury if
they are not properly exhibited at the
Parts Exposition. If t .hey are successful
in raising the money the San Francisco
Miners' Association and the California
Mining Association will probably
suggest that the exhibit be placed in the
hands of reliable men chosen by the com
mercial interests of the State and city.
This will in' done to obviate the possibility
of the exhibit and money appropriated to
make it a success being placed in the
hands of politicians.
When seen yesterday afternoon Julian
Sonntag, president of the San Francisco
Miners' Association, pointed out many
reasons why the mining interests would
be injured by not being properly exhib
ited at the exposition. Mr. Sonntag ad
mitted that the miner.- were greatly dis
turbed by the prospi d of only sending
v exhibit to France. He said:
"There Is absolutely no doubt that such
a picayunish exhibit) in of our vast min
ing resources will work a great Injury to
California's reputation as a mining State.
"It will not only Injure the State in
that direction, hut the people will feel it
here at home. During the next two yeara
the output of our mine:-; should be at
least $20,000,000 more than it lias been for
tin last two years. The winters of '97
and 'ys were exceptionally dry seasons
and the mining interests of California
w<re considerably affected by drought.
This year, however, the State has bet •;
blessed with its usual downfall of rain
and the mining; industry will show a
healthy increase.
"If our exhibit Is properly handled, with
these favorable circumstances an influx
of foreign capital to California will re
sult. Prosperity throughout the State
means prosperity in this city. San Fran
cisco is to the Pacific Coast what New
York is to the Atlantic Coast. If our
mines are running full blast and our
miners receiving good wages these
healthy conditions in the interior reflect
on the commercial mirror of San Fran
cisco.
"The merchant feels it, the insurance
man feels it, the laborer feels it— in fact,
all branches of commercial life are ef
fected by the prosperity. These are state
menta that should be thought of sen
ously by the members of the Board oi
Supervisors when the miners appear be
fore them to request the appropriation.
California's ground has not been mined.
It has only been scraped. Mines of wealth
untold slumber in its bosom, needing
nothing but capital and energy to make
them yield their Btores.
"I was East last October and Novem
ber and I talked with a large number of
people about the resources and general
conditions existing in California. I can
safely say that the people of this State
are ignorant of its resources, importance
and possibilities. Eastern folk look with
jealous eyes on California. They. realize
that this country out here is a serious
competitor. The West will some day sup.
plant the East in importance. It is slow
ly doing that now.
'■Look at the fate of Massachusetts.
Before the war she was the great cot
ton manufacturing State. Now that In
dustry has been transposed to the South.
These are things that the people of our
State should consider. California has the
natural advantages. Look at 'our water
power, our climate, our soil and oui
mines. These natural advantages should
be consplculously displayed to the eyes
of the world at every opportunity. Ad
vertising of this kind induces an influx ot
capital. A creditable exhibit of our min
ing industry at the Paris Exposition
means all these things and more, too. It
means prosperity all over the State from
one end of it to the other."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NOT IN THE PREMIUM LINE— F. Q..
Oroville, Cal. Of the eleven coins de
scribed in your letter of inquiry there is
not one that commands a premium.
THE MONADNOCK-M. M., City. The
Monadnock was built in San Francisco
between the year 1874 and 1883— that \s,
commenced in the first named and fin
ished in the last named.
EXPANSlON— Subscriber, City. "What
is the greatest expansion by an athlete?"
has been submitted to a number of per
sons well posted in regard to such mat- !
tens, and It has been mot with the coun- '
ter question, "What kind of an athlete?" j
If the correspondent will designate an an
swer will be furnished.
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY— B. F.
8., Sun Jose, Cal. According to the old
style calendar, George Washington was
born on the 11th of February, but under
the new style, which advanced dates
eleven days, it made the llth of Febru.
nry the 22d, and as we have adopted the
new-style calendar we celebrate the an
niversary of the birth of the Father of
his Country on the day that corresponds
to the llth of February, old style.
ERlCSSON— Subscriber, City. The re
mains of John Ericsson, the inventor of
the Monitor, were sent to Sweden by the
United States Government. Amid a great
naval pageant in New York harbor, or
dered by the Government as a token of
respect to the memory of the deceased
his remains were placed on the then new
United States cruiser Haltimore A.u
gust 23, 1890, for transportation to Swe
den, where they were received and in
terred with equally impressive public cer
emonies.
PUBLIC SCHOOL SYSTEM— A. D. F.,
Tulare, Cal. Before the war of 1861 there
was no general and well denned system '
of common schools in the Southern States j
of the Union, but in the new consti- I
tions provision was made for .the main- ;
tenance of such schools. To ascertain
which was and when the last of the '■
Southern States accepted the public !
school system would require a close ex- i
amination and comparison of the consti- !
tution of each of the States and the
legislation thereon, a task that would take !
up more time than this department can »
devote to any one question. In Germany,
while the public schools are not entirefy
free, every child Is compelled to attend '■
school. Compulsory education prevails
to some extent throughout the greater I
part of Europe. There are free schools
to England.
WILL DISCUSS
THE QUESTION
OF FRANCHISES
Electric Wires May Go
Underground.
COMPETITION WILL BE OPEN
SUPERVISORS AND MERCHANTS
TO MEET IN CONFERENCE.
An Appeal From Downtown Property
Owners for Proper Recogni
tion in the Next Tax
Levy.
0.
The Supervisors intend to discuss at
length the matter of preparing the way
for competition in the matter of lighting,
not only the streets and public buildings
but the' stores and houses of private con
sumers. The matter was discussed at the
meeting of the Street Committee yester-
It developed upon* the reading of Dr.
Perraulfs resolution, presented at the
last meeting of the board. This provided
that equal rights be granted all com
panies, present or projected, to erect
poles for lighting purposes outside the
fire limits, and also that all wires be
' placed underground within the fire limits.
i As so much is involved in the matter it
was determined to request representa
tives of the Merchants' Association to
meet the committee in joint conference.
| This will be held in the rooms of the
board next Wednesday afternoon at 2
o'clock. The outcome of this discussion
will determine the Supervisors as to their
report to the board.
Julius Sonntag and Edgar Painter, rep
resenting the North Central Improvement
Association, made an earnest plea for
I improved streets in the business section
of the city bounded by Market and Kear
ny streets and the bay. On behalf of the
improvement association the offer was
made that if the city would pay half the
expense- of placing the streets in repair
property-owners would pay the balance.
The entire cost was estimated at 5100,000.
It was held that property values and rents
had been reduced one-half in recent years
and that the city was a loser thereby in
a lower amount of taxes being paid.
As others have pointed out recently,
Mr. Sonntag said shipping and commer
cial interests were improving and a boom
was sure to reach the city shortly. This
would bring into use buildings and ware
houses for which no tenants can now be
found. It was granted that the outlying
districts had claims on the Supervisors,
but it was also pointed out that the bulk
of taxable property is in the heart of the
city and its requirements should have first
call on the attention of those in authority.
Chairman Aigeltinger explained that the
next tax levy would fall $1,250,000 short of
the requirements of the city. He did not
see his way clear to give the asked for
relief in pledging the board to provide for
this work in the forthcoming tax levy.
The request of the Market-street Rail
way Company for a franchise to run cars
propelled by electricity over certain down
town streets was again considered. Rep
resentatives of the company had riled two
petitions with the board, and as they
were at variance one with the other no
definite action was taken. The committee
could not determine whether the officers
of the company wished to run their cars
down Post street to Montgomery or to
Grant avenue, thence to Bush street and
thence to Montgomery.
An amended application will be re
quested. The committee will report in
favor of either of these routes, but will
not grant a franchise for a road on any
portion of Geary street over which it was
originally intended it should pass.
UNDERGROUND WIRES
IN THIS CITY SOON
MERCHANTS WORKING FOR A
CONDUIT SYSTEM.
For several weeks past the officers of
the Merchants' Association have been
considering- the proposition of the re
moval of ail overhead electric light,
telephone, telegraph and other wires
from the poles and substituting some sort
of underground system. The organiza
tion took up this subject a year ago and
a meeting was held in the offlca of the
Mayor. After discussing the disadvantages
of the present system and the advan
tages of having all wires laid in conduits,
those who attended the meeting agreed
that the change should be made as toon
as possible, in order that San Francisco
might keep pace with the up-to-date
cities of the United States. At that time
no further move toward the change was
made on account of the lack of informa
tion, but the association agreed to fur
nish the data as speedily as possible.
President Dohrmann made a visit to
Europe and upon his return to America
he was joined in New York by J. M.
King, superintendent of the association,
who was sent East to gather informa
tion relating to modern municipal im
provements. Together they inspected all
of the underground systems for wires,
etc., in the larger citt^, and upon their
return the associate requested of Mr.
King a report. The reason for this was
the determination to again agitate the
laying of wires of all kinds underground
and thus remove- one of the greatest
menaces to life and property in San
Francisco. The report has been pre
sented and shows the systems in use in
New York, Philadelphia and Boston. The
latter city, with its conduit system, has
been more successful than the other*.
The city was laid out in districts and
as fast as one locality was complete an
other was taken up, until in February,
1897, the conduits amounted to ninety-two
miles, carrying about 37,000 miles ci' wire.
During the past two years the work of
clearing the city of overhead wires has
been actively pushed. Of the conduits
used Mr. King says:
In the subways constructed, five different
systems of conduits were employed, viz: Sheet
Iron pipe lined with cement; plain wrought
iron pipe coated with asphalt or tar; vitri
fied clay; creosoted wood, and the Edison solid
tube system. Sheet iron pipe lined with
cement constituted the bulk of the conduits
laid. Creosoted wood was little used since
1894, and the greater portion of the Edison
solid tube system was laid previous to that
time.
The information presented by Mr. King
has received much attention by the offl
cera of the association. One thing has
been decided and that is to follow the
example of Boston and district the busi
ness portion of the city and a part south
of Market street first, and not attempt
to make wholesale changes. A number
of conduits have already been laid by
light companies, and the advent of the
new electric light company, of which
Claus Spreckels is the president, is re
garded as an important factor in the
movement, as the wires of this company
will be placed underground. Within a
tYw weeks it is likely that a special
meeting will be called by the directors
to take active steps toward introducing
the underground wire system here.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
E. W. Runyon, a Red Bluff banker is
a guest at the Palace.
M. Burk, a mining man of Demi'ne N
M., is located at the Occidental.
John Swett. the well-known ' educator,
is registered at the Lick from Martinez '
■ Ex-Congressman C. A. Barlow of San
s Luis Obispo is at the Grand with his wife
, H. E. Barber, a capitalist of Stockton,
is at the Grand, accompanied by his wife
Nathan J. Cole, the free silver advocate
hfs^eld^lSs! 3 maklnS the C^^nla
C. H. Wagener and John Beare of Lon
don, England, who are making a tom O f
this continent, are at the Calif
Sheriff Robert J. Langford of Saji
is located at the Lick.
George Bray, a vlneyardigi
owner of Santa Clara, is at th<
George T. Clark of Hoopi
is making a tour of the United SI
registered at the Russ.
J. J. Hebbron of Salinas, m
the Pacific Improvement I ■ ,
ranches, Is at the Grand for a
John A. Gill, Pacific Coast fi
of the New York Central Lin<
to Los Angeles to look o .■
under his supervision. Jl> v.
Saturday.
William J. Lempe. pm^
sive breweries in St. Louis
Palace with his wife y. -
left on the afternoon train foi
but will return in a few days.
D. A. Dowsett and wit
who have been in Hay.
time on account of the
have returned to the < '
Dowsett has completely 1
her indisposition.
The Webb party, which
city last Tuesday in
for New York last cv. i I
present at the wedd i
bllt and Miss Virginia 1
is composed of Dr. W. S< w
president of the Wagner
Airs. Webb, who was a V
son. J. Watson Webb: Mr. a id Mi
Vanderbilt, Mr. and Mrs. J
rence, Mr. and Mrs. Geori/
and Mrs. J. H. Purdy.
Chris Harrington. George Harm. -
Frank R. Reed, three mining me
have been guests at the Russ
time, left on the evening train
for Seattle. They are on th< lr
Circle City Alaska, to dev<
claims about seventy n;
place. They left the Klondik.
year and a half ago and exp< d I
two years. During their stay hen
purchased an extensive ranch :
County, and after stocking it v>itl;
and cattle left it in char?;.' of a
tent man while they are away
northern country adding to their Bt
wealth.
t TO MUCH t
OF A
DRAUGHT.
There is
tain broker in
the Custom
House in
city who !
unalterable aver
sion to dr;s
not the
kind, but the cold-producing variety, to
whose bad influences he is highly
c^ptible. He is continually lnv<
against the practice of opening a window
now and then in the old building to pur
ify the stuffy and oppress
phere which pervades the precincts
where customs duties are colle
Not a morning passes but this "di
objector" reads a chapter to the i
and others on the floor about the evil i f
fects of opening the windows or doors.
and he has finally come to ho r
a harmless crank on the question.
The other day one of the clerks ha
temerity to open a window just a> the
broker came in. and the latter immedi
ately proceeded to register his usual
kick. When he got through with a
castigation on the offending cl(
latter quietly remarked:
"Say, old man, do you know W I I
think about you?"
The other expressed a desire to be en
lightened on the subject.
"Well, I'll tell you," replied the clerk.
"I think that if you were to die and be
cremated and the attendant should open
the door of the furnace while you were
being incinerated you would rise out of
the casket and say:
" 'For heaven's sake, close that door.
There's a frightful draught in this
place.' "
The broker subsided and has never
been known since then to complain about
draughts.
■ m ■ — ■
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March sn.— J. J. Murray
of San Francisco is at the Bartholdi; F.
W. Bradley of San Francisco and S. B.
Welch and wife of San Francisco are at
the Manhattan; R. D. Davis of Sacra
mento is at the Imperial.
■ ♦ ■
In the Divorce Court.
Alvina Schmidt has been granted a di
vorce from Carl H. Schmidt on the ground
of desertion. A decree of divorce has also
been granted Sarah C. Pickens from Ar
thur Pickens on the ground of desertion.
Marguerite Hensley has sued William I>.
Hensley for a divorce, alleging failure to
provide as a cause of action.
■ ♦ .
Want Block Pavements.
The Teamsters' and Draymen's Associa
tion of San Francisco has petitioned the
Board of Supervisors to incrude wood
block pavement in the list of materials
used for paving city streets.
■ ♦ ■
The best Easter gift for your Eastern
friends. Townsend's California Glare
Fruits, 50c lb. in fire-etched boxes or Jap
baskets, 627 Market. Palace Hotel bldg. •
■ ♦ ■
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). slo Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
■ ♦ ■
Printing, engraving, stamping, visiting
cards and wedding invitations at Sanborn
& Vails. • •
■ m «
If you call a woman "well preserved."
She'll say it's so herself;
But you mustn't tell her you mean the
kind
That's put "upon the shelf."
Philadelphia Bulletin.
IkM IJ«M IBIPIBT
» ♦ ■
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by mili;
mothers for their children while Teethii:-:
rerfect success. It soothes the child, softer.:
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind
ulates the Bowels and is the best rervu
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teethinp >>r
other causes. For sale by Druggists in • < ' r >'
part of the world. Be sure and ;i.-k for Mrs.
"Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
■ ♦ ■
HOTEL DEL CORONADO
of the round-trip tickets. Now only I
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $3 per day. Apply at 4 Xew
Montgomery Street, Sm Franois>r.
"You're arresting the wrong feller,
fiercely protested tne man with th>^ closed
eye and the bloody nose. "I'm the one
that licked!"
With a muttered apology tho policeman
let him go and arrested the man with tne
broken Jaw.— Chicago Tribune.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dr. Mitchell says in diffi-
cult cases of Anemia, he adds
cod-liver oil half an hour
after each meal and he likes
to use it in an emulsion ; that
he has watched with grow-
ing surprise some listless,
feeble, creature gathering
flesh, color and wholesome-
ness of mind and body from
this treatment.
"Scott's Emulsion" is cod-
liver oil combined with hy-
pophosphites. It regenerates
tissue, invigorates the nerves
and brain, enriches the blood
and adds fat and strength.
«oc. and #100, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New \ot*.
iSUGAR FROM
HAWAII NOW
RUSHING IN
Fleet From the Islands
in Port.
TRANSPORT NELSON SAILS
CUT IN SAILORS' WAGES NOT
TO GO INTO EFFECT.
Shipping Commissioner Gwin Is to
Bo Superseded — Transfer Men
Will Not Be Allowed on
Eroadway Wharf.
A sugar fleet made port from Hawaii
yesti rday. Two schooners, a brig and
two ! arks came In before a spanking
ze. one of the barks. An
. Welch, has the credit of the short
age by the fleet, while the
; lark, C. I>. Bryant, hiade the long-
The brig Consuelo was 15 days from
Wahukona, tier Anne M. Camp
from Honolulu, schooner
days from Honolulu.
larks C. D. Bryant 21 days and Andrew
"\V,i. h li'j d lys from Honolulu.
The tug Ida W, while towing the
schooners Herman and Emma Claudina
to S' lay afternoon, got the tow
:n her wheel and broke down. The
.sit happened off North Beach and
nera came to an anchor. An
other tv& was sent out and towed them to
[da W w;;a brought back
to her berth. She will have to go on the
urydock to havo the rope cut out of the
propeller.
The transport Charies Nelson got away
for Manila last night. She had sixty-six
Infantry under Lieutenant Alfred Aloe of
Eighteenth Infantry and l*»j t'iV> of
ard. Among the freight »\vere
(fflns, In which the remains of the
Foldiers who have died lighting for their
country will be brought back. This is
the second ci-r.t-ignment of caskets thai
Spne to Manila, the other lot having
been taken down on the Morgan City.
The attempt of tho" boarding masters to
cablisb tho eld practice of paying
"blood money" for sailors has failed. The
or: was to cut wages to $15 a
:.. with a bonus of $20 added for each
••p-water vessel. The
Shipping Commissioner would not tolerate
any such state of affairs and wages are
back to the old iigure. The Agenor, load
ed for Sydney, has secured a crew for $20
a m irith, ana the lir.skine M. Phelps.
bouii>: lulu to load sugar for New
York, . a. month to Honolulu and
New York. Only one month's
I sailor under the new
a boarding master has to mako
\penses.
uhoritatively on the
■ ■ mmissloner" is to be
weeks to succeed Wil
liam M. Gwin. The latter is under civil
to a ruling made by
:;d. but President Me
a that it is one oi" the offices
ac under the head of
The matter has lain
I a long- time, and the im
t abroad that Mr. Gwin was
iain in office Indefinitely. This is all
iw, and a Republican will be
inted to the position at one*. Paris
irn was Blated for the position, but
the position of Har
- in will have
■
transfer men will be allowed on
•way wharves to-day. The steamer '.
\\ arrive from southern ports
i from Mexico. No solie
■ ■ alii wed on the wharves, and
■ will have to go outside to get
■ nndled. This state of af
f an order Issued by
ijners yesterday, and
any ti nwho attempts to dl
the rules will be arrested by the State po-
Captain Bennett, su
dock, attempted to
the ti men out, hut the case
• I into the courts and the men
because one company was allowed
and the others were not.
The company In question will now board
Bttamship Company's
Steamers In the stream and the other
transfer men will be left out in the cold.
Th^ Valentine law. that has caused so
much trouble on the water front, is now
raising a rumpus in Sacramento. The sal
nry warrants issued to the State em
■■.ding in on the Corr.p
-. and he does not iik" !t. He has
accordingly notified Secretary English
that after this the payroll is to be sent up
end the money will be sent back in a lump
Bum. Then the men will be paid as here
tnf ire. Secretary English and ex-Secre
tary Keegan will co to Sacramento next
week to arrange the course of procedure
■with Comptroller Colgan.
The Merchants' Exchange
states that th<-- name board and skylights
and hatches of the French ship Mareschal
I, axir.es had gone ashore on the western
< xfremity <>f rh<- Welsh coast near the
Bristol channel. The chances are that the
vessel has pone down with all hands. She
Tvaa a bmiirt new vessel and was three
days out from Swansea with a load of
coal for Pan Francisco.
The Hawaiian Star of March IS says
tfcat the st' Jim whaler Jeannette took
away from Honolulu ever $2000 worth r,f
merchandise, "mostly liquors and cigars."
The vessel is bour.'l for the Arctic, and
the captain has evidently seen to It that
there will be no lack of creature comforts
for his crew.
George Korowski. the popular baker en
tstralia, has become a ben
rdlck, and his shipmates did not forget
that fact when the ship reached port.
Everybody on board subscribed, and a
handsome silver service was purchased
and presented to the groom yesterday. He
was completely taken by surprise and
< ould only stammer forth his thanks.
New and Original Advertising-.
It is interesting to watch the new ideas that
■ are always to be found In the advertising of C.
•I. Hood and Co., the proprietors of Hood's Sar
sap.ariUa. At the- present time they are run
n'ri- a line of advertisements that are espe
• - daily unique. Kcch advertisement begins with
:- - a familiar proverb which Is made to lead up
■ • to,, tome of the good qualities of this famous
, inert IS inc. The argument In every case la
•' -by a String of condensed testimonials
■ from people -whom the medicine has cured. It
Ik gratifying to see the continued success of an
. •' tirfiela' of genuine merit. While many other
preparations have come to the surface from
' time to .time, and after a short career have
disappeared, ' Hooii's Sarsaparilla has steadily
a - maintained c lts place in the confidence of the
P n
. ♦ .
Benefit for San Francisco Girls' Union '
A tea for th. benefit <>f the San Fran-:
c->;r-o Girls' Union will be given at the j
Sorosis Clubhouse n ->.20 California street, |
on Thursday , April (!. from 3 to 5 and from j
8 to 11 p. m. The programme for the after
noon will consist of music anrl recitations,
and a vaudeville performance is announced j
for the evening. The following artists
have kindly v I their services: i
Irs. Carrie Brown D< xter, soprano; Mrs.
ramatic recitations; Mi.«s Susie I
violinist; Miss L. Howland. direct- ;
[awali&n quarut; Miss Hooper, gui-
I the Columbian quartet and Miss
ornery. Litfht refreshments will bo |
The object of the San Francisco Girls' ;
\ a is to extend aid to the self-depend- j
em, eel f -respecting glrla of San Francis- I
co, Irrespective of creed or denomination.
Orpneum and Tivoll tickets free by
S your music, etc., at J^ruenn's, i
: Post sti eet *
Santa Clara vs. Normal*.
■us in
a Xa !n «- of ba.soball played with the Nor
mals yr-sterday at the Stale Normal
grouiiis. The Normal team made a good
BhowluK, but were not quite up to the
form «jf the college boys. The contest
was very exciting. The score was 8 to 7.
THE TRAMP STEAMER ETTRICKDALE.
THERE is 6uch an accumulation of goods in Hongkong and Yokohama for the United States and also
at San Francisco for the Orient that the regular steamers cannot handle it. To relieve the
situation the Pacific Mail Company has chartered the Ettrickdale and a couple of other tramps.
The Ettrickdale brings over 1600 tons of freight, nearly all of which is composed of teak planks, nut oil
and rice. She will sail again in a week with all the cargo she can carry
CHAMBERMAID
SUES A GUEST
FOR DAMAGES
Seeks a Heavy Sum
for a Beating.
HOTEL PLEASANTON STIRRED
S. ROE'S VIOLENT TEMPER
CREATES TROUBLE.
Was Accidentally Locked in His
Room and Afterward Wreaked
Vengeance on a Weak
Woman.
If Charles S. Roe, a wealthy Chieagoan,
who was a guest at the Hotel Pleasanton
up to Wednesday night, could hear the
opinions expressed by the lady guests of
that fashionable caravansary he might
consider himself the brute he is charged
with being. According to the former, Mr.
Roe is a nasty, mean old thing, a brute,
a villain and other detestable things. For
tunately for Mr. Rie, these pleasant re
marks ha\e missed his ears, as he Is
speeding back to Chicago in an effort to
escape the service of a $50u0 lawsuit filed
against him yesterday by Miss Lizzie M.
Boyd, a chambermaid at the hotei, who
accuses him of severely beating her.
Through her attorneys, Messrs, Knight
and Hooper, the lady riled her action, al
leging that he unlawfully and brutally
beat her, much to her bodily pain and
suifering, and as a result she is confined
to her bed and will not be able to attend
to business for many weeks, and that she
has expended the sum of $200 in uoctor's
bills.
A pathetic story of a much injured
chambermaid and a violent man underlies,
the tiling of the suit. On Tuesday last
Miss Boyd, in the course of her employ
i ment, had occasion to enter Mr. Roe's
room. Believing him to be out she opened
the door and entered, but was surprised
I to see the defendant asleep on his couch.
fcihe deposited some clean towels on the
dresser and tiptoed out of the room for
i fear she might awaken Mr. Roe, whose
crankiness was known lo the servants j
or' iho hotel. Jn her excitement, through j
force of habit, she locked the sleeper in. i
When he attempted to leave some min
utes later nt was astonished to rind him
self a prisoner. He wan instantly thrown
Inio a frenzy and nearly broke the call
bell in an eftort to have himself released.
The "bellhop" came rushing down the
( hall with Ice water, hot water, a bill 01 I
fare and other necessaries usually ealleu ;
for by the guests. When he arrived out-
Bide Mr. Roe's apartments he was com*
manded on pain of Instant death to re- :
I lease Its inmate. The quaking bellboy
I rushed off after Miss Boyd and after some
! delay fouijd her. lie explained to her the
: Btate of affairs and she, remembering to ■
bei sorrow that she locked the door, tiur
: rledly tried to repair her mistake by un
! locking the door. Her apologies, although
j profuse, only drove Mr. Koe into a fur
ther frenzy, and forgetting her sex and
j his own gallantry he roughly caught her
! and threw her to the floor. Her screams at
tracted a male guest, who grabbed the j
Infuriated man before he could wreak |
further injury on the chambermaid. Mr.
Roe's anger passed immediately and he
tried to make ajxiends for his nasty ac- !
tion, but the maid would have none of it. ;
The shock to her nerves, the bump on :
1 her head and a slight injury to her back
necessitated her taking to her bed, where j
I she remains, being attended by a num- ;
, ber of physicians, whose bills she thinks
will aggregate J2UO.
Mr. Huu left the hotel the next day, not ■
caring to face his fellow guests who had '
heard of his action. Humor has It that
lit; is on his way East. Borne guests con
done Mr. Roe's iirutality by claiming that
he has been Buffering from nervousness
i during the past two weeks and, In fact, ;
I has been constantly attended by a physi- !
I cian; that when he found himself a pris
oner in his own room he thought the :
chambermaid was making sport of him,
and when he saw her his pent-up feel-
Ings gave way to an outburst of angei-.
They also say in his defense that as soon
as he recovered himself he tried to make
amends to the injured female, but she i
wuuld not listen to him.
Mr. Roe is said to be connected with a i
largo electric light company in the Windy
City, and has been out here to escape the
rigors of a cold winter.
-The American .r-orier, me product or me
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass' n— la pungent,
)lquant. palatable, more so than the imported. |
flic new American brew.
. ♦ ■ _
Adolpn Sutro's Estate.
The rf-appralsement of tho estate of the
ate Adolph Sutro was filed with the
Jounty Clerk yesterday. The entire es
ate is valued in the reappraisement at
12.734,127 83.
■ ♦ ■
Writing papers, pens, inks, blank books
md legal blanks cheap at Sanborn &
/ail's. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, MARCH 31, 1899.
ANOTHER MONUMENT
TO ADORN THE PARK
THK Goethe- Schiller monument ar
rived here from Germany yesterday
and will soon find Its resting place in
Golden Gate Park. It was ndmitt.-d
into this country free of duty and the
HOW MARINE HELM
PLAYED THE PIANO
It Was hither a 1 rick Instrument or He
Used His Feet Instead of His
Fineers*
I KNOTTY problem was present-
A e<l to Judge Graham yesterday
f-\ as to whether a marine of the
■ ■*- battleship lowa walked on the
ceyboard of a piano, thereby de
troying some of the strings, or
whether there was an electrical ap-
paratus inside that caused the keys
to fly out as the marine struck them
with his finger?.
Charles B. Helm and E. J. Tucker,
marines on the lowa, went into the
saloon of Mrs. Julia Conley, 706
Howard street, Wednesday night,
and after having a few drinks J-lelm,
who is a musician, was invited by
Mrs. Conley to play on the piano,
which was in a room in the rrar of
the saloon. The marines adjourned
to the room and Mrs. Conley, who
was in the bar, was startled by the
terrific noises that came from the
piano. She ran into the room and
discovered that several of the
strings were broken, and as Helm
refused to pay the damage she called
in Policemen McNamara and Cook
and Helm and Tucker were taken to
the City Prison, where a charge of
malicious mischief was booked
against them.
When the case camd up before
Judge Graham yesterday morning
Mrs. Conley testified that Helm
must have tried to play the piano
Southern Pacific, which brought It over
land, charged nothing for transporting it.
It is four years since the idea of erect
ing a monument to Goethe and Schiller
llrst received attention in San Francisco.
Funds were quickly raised and the work
of securing the monument was proceeded
with at once. It Is an exact copy of the
famous group that has stood In Weimar
for three-ciuarters of a century. Per
mission to make the copy was obtained
from the King of Saxony, and the cast
ing was done under the supervision of
one of the best sculptors In Berlin.
The monument will stand near the new
music stand to be erected by Claus
kels on the site of the old Midwinter
Fair, and its unveiling will be made a
great event. This, it is hoped, will be in
August next.
INDUSTRIAL ART EXHIBITION
Will Be Given in May by the Califor
, nia Club.
The California Club held a meeting yes
terday morning at Its rooms In the Y. M.
C. A. building, at which organization. was
completed for an exhibition of the indus
trial arts of California, to commence
Tuesday, May 16. under the auspices of
the club. No place for the exhibition h;is
yet been selected, but an early announce
ment will be made. The purpose of the
exhibition is to bring together for inspec
tion and comparison articles which show
a union of utility and art. The executive
committee consists of Mrs. George H
Ripley. Mrs. William H. Mills, Mrs. A.
K. lotton. Mrs. Arthur Cornwall, Mrs A
I). Sharon and Miss Mills.
No admission fee will bo charged. The
affair will be open to all In the city and
State. Consignors are expected to defray
the cost of transportation on their ex
hibits. A committee of selection will pass
upon all work submitted for exhibition.
Full information may be obtained by ad
dressing any member of the committee in
care of the club at Y. M. C. A. building
corner of Mason and Ellis streets, San
Francisco.
Child Study Club.
The San Francisco Child Study Club
will hold its regular meeting at the Oc
cidental Hotel this afternoon at 3 o'clock
The subject of reading and discussion will
be "Developing the" Senses."
wun nis reet instead of his fingers
from the horrible noise it made. Shn
found several of the strings broken
and demanded $10 for the damage,
Helm refused and offered her $1.
Then she called in the police.
"It was this way. your Honor,"
said Helm, when asked for his side
of the story. "When I struck the
keys with my fingers I could not
get any tone out of it, and then I
Btruck harder. First one key flew
out and then another and so it went
on till in fear I stopped. I think
there must have been an electrical
machine in the piano, as the keys
flew out just as if they had been
charged with electricity."
Attorney Gallagher made a .strong
plea for the dismissal of the case,
as the defendants had fought and
bled for their country while destroy
ing Cervera's fleet. Referring to
the piano he said that it must be
one of the trick instruments invent
ed for the purpose of Hying to
pieces at opportune moments.
The Judge did not believe in the
trick instrument argument and
asked Helm if he would pay for the
damage. He said he would and a
corporal who was in court promised
that he would see that the money
was paid. The case was dismissed
and Helm and Tucker left the court
room in charge of the corporal.
NEW TRILBIES
TWINKLE THEIR
FEET IN TUNE
A Dozen in a Bunch i
at the Chutes.
HYPNOTIZED THE AUDIENCE
AN AMATEUR NIGHT SPECIAL
CATCHES ON.
The Dancing Was Somewhat Weird,
but the Girlish Girlies Did Their
Best to Please the
; Crowd.
Double "Uncle Tom's Cabin" combina
tions may have to take a back seat. They
will probably not be "in it" longer with
the theater-going public since last night,
when a dozen Trilbies tripped on the
stage at the Chutes to paralyze the optic
nerves of an unusually demonstrative
"amateur night" audience.
They were an assorted lot of young
sters, showing none of the beefy pro-
portions of female professionals. Their
nether limbs, on the contrary, were in all
cases spindling and the display of toot-
Ble-wootsiea at the extremity of this un
derpinning was dazzling in its variety.
There were tall Trilbies with splay feet
and short Trilbies with hay feet. There
were Trilbies, judging from the way they
danced, whose feet were "nobular," with
O-*-« -•-+ -♦-♦-•-♦-♦-♦-•-♦-♦-
the nobs cruelly prominent, and there
were yet other imitations of the victim of
the- baleful Svengall, whose feet were not
mates.
They were all a little awkward, as a
sure-enough Trilby should b<\ and me
audience was Inclined to guy them a hit.
but the whole dozen danced barefooted'
nnd barellmbed to the edges of thPir sol
dier coats, and smiled in unison and
•-♦--s>-•- <§> -♦-^ -♦-♦-♦-•§>-♦- ■$>-♦-•
seemed to enjoy it Immensely. What
they were dancing nobody knew and no
body dreamed of figuring out. Some
times, especially when Svengali's power
tickled the soles of the feet of the pret
tiest Trilby, who was also the highest
kicker, the suspicion dawned that they
weren't even dancing, and there are somo
people hardhearted enough to say inf.
suspicion v. as correct.
Hut whether or not they danced was
neither here nor there with the audience.
It had been satisfied earlier In the even-
ing crying down the voices of a dozen
aspiring amateur vocalists, despite the
plaintive sign, "Remember All Profes
sionals Were Amateurs Once." It was
content to keep still, especially when it
suld that the Trilbies only Intended
chaiming with their pedals. And so the
Trilbies continued for the space of ten
minutes to fill the air with spindling an
kks and pink feet until Svengali, who
was practically professional, thought he
had worked enough for once night and
blew the whistle on the job. Then the
Trilbies trotted off and their one night
of glory had faded.
SIR TATTON SYKES HERE.
British Nobleman Who Gained Un
enviable Notoriety.
As stated in yesterday's Call, Sir Tat
ton Sykes has arrived in this city from
Monterey and engaged apartments at the
Palace. He is accompanied by R. Chol
mondeley and H. Simpson. The party
registered from Mexico, where they were
sojourning previous to going to the
southern part of the State. Sir Tatton
Sykes has the appearance of having
aged to a marked degree since his vfartt
here four years ago, the result, no doubt,
of the divorce proceedings which he was
obliged to begin against his wife. She
it was who squandered his lordship's
wealth and involved him in all sorts of
difficulties by her extravagant habits.
He has been granted the decree of di
vorce and is now making a tour of the
world to enable him in a measure to
forget his sorrows. From here the party
will go to the Orient for a protracted
stay.
Lord Sykes is the possessor of one of
the richest estates in Yorkshire, England.
Some time ago he was sued by an Eng
lish money lender for £16.000 on notes
bearing his name. He refused to pay on
the ground that the signatures were for
geries and the suit developed the fact
that his wife caused the forgeries. It
created a tremendous sensation when
Lady Sykes on the witness stand ad
mitted having borrowed the money, and
that she had played it all away on the
races. She claimed that her husband
was so parsimonious that he would not
advance her money. Friends of the lady
nnally paid the debt.
MORNING STAR AT HONOLULU
Will Convey Missionaries to Islands
in Micronesia.
The missionary ship Morning Star,
which sailed from Snn Francisco on
March 3 for the islajids in Micronosia, is
expected to leave Honolulu about April 1.
At the latter place it took aboard Rev.
Philip A. de la Porte, wife and child, and
will take them to Pleasant Island, where
the clergyman has been laboring in mis
sionary work for a number of years. He
speaks the language of the natives and
has already succeeded in converting many
of them to* the cause of Christianity. On
his vacation, from which this is the re
turn, he married Miss Saline Schaeffer of
San Francisco, whom he met on the At
lantic en route fo,r Europe.
The Morning Star was to have sailed
some time last summer, but owing to the
recent war with Spain the American mis
sionary committee of Boston deemed it
best to delay lta departure until after
the danger was over. Captain Bray, the
commander, is accompanied by his wife
and children. Mi:?s Wilson is also aboard.
She goes as a teacher to one of the isl
ands. After the passengers are taken to
their destination and the lumber and
stores landed, the Morning Star will make
a cruise among the islands. Its future
home will be at Honolulu.
BURIED IN A SEWER.
Ban Sheehan Resurrected in the Nick
of Time to Save His Life.
Daniel Sheehan, a laborer, while en
gaged in digging a sewer on De Haro and
Twenty-third streets yesterday forenoon,
had the unpleasant experience of being
burred alive for a short time. Sheehan,
with others, who were empldyed by a
contractor in putting in a sewer at the
place mentioned, neglected to shore up
the sides of the excavated ditch. This
omission come very near costing Shee
han his life, as the embankment gave way
and buried him beneath its weight. His
fellow workmen hurried to his assistance
and succeeded in digging him out before
anything more serious occurred to him
than the unpleasant sensation of having
been shut out trom the land of the living
for a brief period. As soon as he was
taken out of his temporary grave he was
hurried off to the City and County Hospi
tal, where Dr. Roche examined him and
found nothing more serious than a badly
lacerated hand and arm. where some
rocks had crusheo against the limb.
After this little scare had passed over
the sides of the si.wcr received the neces
sary shoring up to prevent any further
casualties of a similar nature.
Anna Greenwood's Will.
The will of Mrs. Anna Greenwood, who
died March 11, leaving an estate valued
at $26,000, was fiied for probate yester
day. The testator bequeaths her entire
estate to her children— Mary, Walter and
Jimmy Greenwood— share and share alik^.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DRUG
PURITY
Prescription Accuracy,
Lowest Prices. ' These
are our three watch-
words. .
Pierces Medical 'Discovery 7Oc
Plerce's Prescription 7Oc
Hood's .Sarsaparilla 70«
Ayer's SarsaparLH* "tic
Pure Cod Liver Oil 4Oc
Scott's Emulsion ! 70c
William*' Pink Pills 85c
Plnkham'a Blood Purifier B."ic
Maltine Preparations NISe
McGlH's Orange Blossom 73c
Swift's Specific S. S. S 70e
Cupidene 70c
Schenck's, Beecham'B, Carter's, Wright's
or Ayer's Pills l.'c
Fascination 35c
Lydia Pinkham's Compound 70c
Kilmer's Swamp Root 4Oc
Gude's Pepto Mangan HOc
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
nLOp! IMHW $
JF ' HEXI TO_ HALE BROS-^^
1899 MODEL
CLEVELAND
BICYCLES
$40 and $50.
Old wheels taken in exchange
Second-hand Bicycles for sale cheap.
Cash or on installment plan.
LEAVITT & BILL ■ ■ ■ 389 Larkin St.
PURITY Use /%.
HEALTH- Woodbury's m>%
BEAUTY Facial ream "^s^
Naturally follows the use of WOODBUKT'9
Facial Soap and WOODBURY'S Facial Cream.
Being strictly antlsetlc, their cleansing and
purifying effect is unequalled. For sale every-
where.
j^^^-'^i^^^N— v DOCTOR
Mmr^^t M EY E RS
rw *I^kfsiB\ Specialists for Men
v I'nfortunate men who c«n-
ESTABLISHED IT YEARS. _ AJj } j Fl^ E^ omti
Thor.MDdK cureil .it hom«i
Al! inters confidential; No Charge for Consultation.
731 SfrSiciico lElevat"1 Elevat " Entrance -
<^^^^3^>. I will iriiarantee
B^W>^^ that m Rheumatism
ikHjmj|ffiHL Cure will relieve lum-
■ffpr bago. sciatica and all
fcPC JSB| rheumatic pains in
fel «m-»jl^w^ two or three hours,
Vr <*?}&&[&'' an(^ cure ' n a few
/pt^^|K^ At all druggists,
ypn^MnHCSnWßf' to Health and mcdi-
" 1 • 1505 Arch at.. Phila.
™V£rJbl:vP^ THE NEW
i«*Da r . stiKVxJnpa £j© w mr yf y
vrtr ioth Da y . «s- s&l. tf rnEHkftm
YITALiS '- uthß! *- tL. M DCUCnv
PRODU KS TIIK ABOTfc. 30th Day. IHZnCUIII
RKSII.T9. Jt quickly *».irel T removes NerTou.DMs.lmpoUncT
Rightly Emiuiont, Evil Dre.ms W.tinr Di»,«« and a!T«ff"S
of self-abuse or excess and lnditcmion. Restore* Lost Vitaliti
Pow.r and Failing Memory. Ward, off Insanity and Con *„ Jl
lion Cure, when all other, fail. Insi.t on haring VIT 41 IS
no other. Can b« carried in the vast pocket. By mail lieu
per p.ck. eorsli for «5.00 with » guarantee t. Cure "r
Refund the Money. Circular Free. Address "" r
«ALrMET CCR£ CO.. 884 Dearborn St., CWcag»
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
AMUSEMENT'S^^
Big Bill of Vaudeville Stars
THE MATWEEFS, Europe's Greatest Acro-
bats.
PANTZER BROS., Equilibrists.
MANNING AND WESTON. Star Vocalists.
OLA HAYDEN. Girl Barytone.
GYPSY QUINTET. New Repertoire.
PERCY HONRI, THE DARTOS. MR. AND
MRS. WILLIAM ROBYNS AND BARNES
AND SISSON.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
Coming— of Hopkins Trans-Oceanlcs in
conjunction with Orpheum features.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
_-.-■ .. ...
THE FAMOUS
BOSTONIANS.
LAST 2 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
NO SUNDAY PERFORMANCE.
The Great Romantic Opera Success,
ROB ROY!
PRICES .; 50c. 75c,. $1 and $150.
NEXT WEEK.
Bostonians= -"THE SERENADE."
SEATS NOW SELLING.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine .Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT AT 8:10.
Balfe's Ballad Opera,
THE BOHEMIAN GIRL
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2 P. M.
TO BEGIN NEXT MONDAY EVENING,
OUR EASTER EXTRAVAGANZA,
"BEAUTIFUL GOLDEN LOCKS."
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50c.
BEATS ON SALE.
OUR TELEPHONE, Bush 9.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Corner of Eddy and Jones Streets.
THIS EVENING
The Great Emotional Actress,
AGNES HERNDON,
Supported by Albert A. Andruss and the Al-
bambra Eastern Stock. Company, in
the Latest New York Melo-
dramatic Success,
"SAVED FROM THE FLAMES"
NEXT WEEK.
"MARRIED— NOT MATED."
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Prices 10c, 15c. 25c and Jso
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
But 4 More Performances of
NERVES.
ONLY MATINEE - - -- ■ - SATURDAY
15c, 25c, RE 8 8 _5$_r D 35c, 50c.
NEXT WEEK,
"CHARITY BALL"
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
: Morosco Amusement Co. One.) Lessee
A BRILLIANT OPENING!
SATURDAY EVENING April 1, 1899
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA GO.
THE BLACK HUSSAR.
8 years at the Grand Opera House, Philadelphia
3 Prima Donnas — Tenors— Chorus of 40.
— Orchestra floor and dress circle
reserved) .OO
Admission — Orchestra floor, la3t 4 row»
of Dress Circle.... 5O
Family circle (reserved) U."»
Gallery (not reserved) 15
— Seats on sale all this week.
OOOCGOOOOOOCOOOOOO
o r^ palace: *■»■?%
g GRAND
o .SAN FRANCISCO. I?
W Connected by a covered passageway. *"*
O 1400 Woo m— 9oo w h -Bath Afaclicd. "
O - All Under One Management. O
0 NOTE TEE PRICES : _ O
0 EuropeanPlan.Sl.OO rer Hoy and upward ©
n American P, an. JJt;i.»K> per day and upward -.
" . Correspondence Solicited. V
O JOS.S C. -IRKPATBIGK. Manager. O
ooooooooooocoooooo
tIERCE'S
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
RWEAKWOMEK.
DR.MCNDLTT."
riMIIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
_ Specialist cures Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o. Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'r.«' experience. J
. Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable, lloursd
to 3 dully; B.3o to 8:30 ev'gs. Zinnia vs. iotol2. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. (.'nil. or address
P. KONCOE JIcMIiTY, 51. D.
26>£ Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
————_————————_—___________________,
Baja California *
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisine and specific tonlo
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A creat Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merita; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
322 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
D "DTTC _JT?C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
BKUbIIi_S <rs. bootblacks, bath-
**"*•■■** K^* A * - ** houses, billiard tablM.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannery
dyers, flournillls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
(tablemen, tar-roofers, tnnners. tailors, etc,
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento Si
IA/. T. HESS,
KOTART PUBLIC AND ATTOBNBT-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus SpreckeU Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California st.. below Powell.
Pan Francisco. '. ... v
! : _t
WfiO_y.Ct $1.00 BUT Year
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver advanced.
Sterling Exchange firm.
Wheat • .]'■.. Barley weaker.
Oats. Corn and Rye dull.
Another decline In Hay.
Bran weak and Middlings firm.
No change in Beans.
potatoes tjuieter and Onions lower.
Butter weaker and Eggs firmer.
Asparagus and Green Peas advanced.
Poultry firm. Game dull and weak.
Light receipt? of Strawberries.
Provisions quiet.
Tallow higher and in demand.
Beef continues firm.
Hogs lower and weak.
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
Tb. circular of Henry Clews says:
••Considerable money has come to New York i
from neighboring: cities in the last few days
and been out out on time loans. This has j
eased up call money to some extent, which has
had the effect of making holders of stocks
more tenacious in clinging to them; therefore,
forced sales have been less frequent, in con- |
sequence, than during last week. To-day's j
bank statement, however, is likely to be un- ;
favorable again, and the two following ones ;
will show but little improvement, from all in
dlcatlODS. This will doubtless cause, mean- j
trhile, the same caution which has existed dur- ;
ing the present month. Specialties, however, \
like sugar and other industrials, have moved ;
' up vigorously, irrespective of money condi- j
tions."
THE WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 30, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to '■
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours :
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka f '.oo 30.85 28.51
Red Bluff 0.00 1&-23 12.08 I
Sacramento 0.00 13.91 8.59
San Francisco 0.00 15.38 ■■■• t;
Fresno 0.00 6.62 4.16
San Luis. Obispo 0.00 14. 52 6.06 j
Los Angeles ■ Trace 4.73 5.28 ;
San Diego 0.00 4.54 4.09 ;
Yumii 0.00 1.34 1.62
San Francisco data: Maximum tempperature, j
64; minimum, 4G; mean, 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
North of the Tehachapl and west of the
Rocky Mountains the weather is generally
cloudy and threatening. In Southern , Califor
nia and Arizona it is clear.
The. pressure has fallen quite rapidly during
the day on the Oregon and Northern California ;
coast.
The temperature has generally risen over the
Pacific Slope.
Conditions are favorable for unsettled weath
er and showers north of the Tehachapi Friday j
in California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March 31:
Northern California— Cloudy with showers j
Friday: fresh southerly wind.
Southern California— cloudy Friday; I
fresh ■rest wind.
Nevada — Rain or snow Friday.
Utah — Cloudy Friday; warmer.
Arizona— Fair Friday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Showers Friday; i
fre£h southerly wind. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
•
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 30.— The movement In
stock prices to-day was very irregular, with
net changes mixed, but with losses slightly '
prevailing. Three stocks. Federal Steel, Brook
lyn Transit and Manhattan, figured for nearly
half the total sal*-.-? on the Exchange, which
■were not much below a million. Fears of
trouble over the Samoan situation gave a gen
erally easier tone to the early market, which
subsequently advanced under the leadership of
the Flower stocks and Manhattan and Sugar,
but later eased off again on the very high rate
for money, 12 per cent being charged before the |
close for call loans. The hanks early in the I
day advanced the call rate to 6 per cent. Many
brokers and traders had made early provision :
for loans, which carried them over until Mon- i
day. On the Stock Exchange the rate ad
vanced to 12 £ier cent and the last loan was ;
5%. The fluctuations were reflected in the
variable and nervous movements in many |
stocks. Washington advices that the Samoan
complications were not serious, together with !
the confident manipulation of come of the spe- !
cialties, were coincident with some of the high
est prices for the day for these stocks. Fed
eral Steel, on the largest dealings of any one
stock, advanced 7si, closing at the highest. The
preferred sympathetically rose 1%. Brooklyn
Transit, which has been very active and strong .
all week, closed practically unchanged, al- .
though at one time it was up 3 points and at
another as much below last nicht. People's :
Gas, another Flower stock, moved similarly, ;
but on less wide fluctuations, likewise closing !
about unchanged. There was no news attend
ing the movements in these properties, but a I
circumstar.ee which attracted much attention I
was the gradual troop of the railway stocks, !
which were affected by the stringent monetary :
situation and in a measure were also influ- j
enced by the divergence of active operations j
into the specialties. Rumors of a possible co
operative arrangement between Manhattan and
Metropolitan raised the former ■'. 1 4 , the highest
quotation being at the close, and Metropolitan
1%. Third Avenue, too, rose 5 points, in ex
pectation that the company's interest would not :
suffer as much as anticipated by impending leg- j
islation.
Sugar retained 2'~ points of the 6 points rise I
coincident with the advance in the refining
article. Continental Tobacco made a fractional j
advance after a large recession in the early ;
trade. The market closed with a heavy un
dertone.
Ruslness In bonds fell off considerably to-day >
and me weak spots cropped out. The main
tendency of prices, however, was toward a
higher plane, with the Atchiscns and .St. Louis
Southwestern issues in good demand. Total j
ealef, J'J.nOO.C-00.
Government bonds were unchanged In bid
quotations.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 954,400
shares, Including: Atchison, 3120; do preferred,
31.623; liurlington, IS. 400; Manhattan, 125,6*>0;
Metropolitan, ."GO: Reading first preferred, 17,
--740; Missouri Pacific. 9425; New York Central,
1C 500; Northern Pacific, 9060; Northwestern.
7250; Union Pacific, 11,27.'.; St. Paul, IG.GSO;
Southern Pacific, 13,580; Texas and .Pacific,
3400; Union Pacific preferred, 13,660; American
Steel, 14.557; do I referred, 8320; Federal Steel,
203,000; do preferred 15,051; Tobacco. 5S0O; Peo
ple's Gas. 18.835; Brooklyn Transit. 114.440; Con
tinental Tobacco. 31.710; Sugar, 67,580; Tennes
eee Coal and Iron, 13.C70; Chicago Great West
ern, 7^20.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchl?on 21%: St Louis & S W... 1174
Do prefd 61% I Do prefd 33V*
Baltimore & Ohio. 72 St Paul 12774
Canada Pacific... 567, * Do prefd 170
Canada Southern.. 59*4 St P & Om 96
Cent Pac 51% Do prefd 170
Ches & Ohio 27 -V, So Pacific 33% :
Chi & Alton 173% ISo Railway 12% j
Chi B & Q 144 ' Do prefd .li
Chi & E 111 73% Texas A Pacific... 22% |
Do prefd 123 Union Pacific 4S
Chi G W 16% Do prefd M',
Chi Ind & L B% U I' I) & G 12%
Do prefd 44 Wabash t-Va
Chi & N W 159%' Do prefd 23%
Do prefd 153 : Wheel & L E 11%
C C C & St L .Vi'l-! Do prefd 32
Do prefd 97 ' Express Companies —
> Del & Hudson i!." ! /2 Adams Ex 112
Del I. & W 172 American Ex 140
Den & Rio (i» 22Tg United States...... 53
Do prefd 7:,-. 4 Wells Fargo 125
Erie (new) 13% I Miscellaneous-
Do Ist prefd 3S'i A Cot Oil 35%
Ft Wayne 180 Do prefd 92%
Gt Nor prefd......lSlH Am Spirits 13>4
Hocking Val h'-i Do prefd 39
Illinois Cent 116% lAm Tobacco 223',i
Lake Erie & W.... 18% Do prefd 142«/ i
i;.> prefd '"■'' i Cons Gas 203
Lake Shore 200 c,.m Cable C 0.....155
Louis A; Nash 65Vi Col F & Iron 35%
Manhattan L. 115% Do prefd 96
Met St Ry 266 Gen Electric 116
Mich Cent 114 ; Haw Com Co si>
Minn £ St L :>2hi Brooklyn R T 132%
Do Ist prefd 99 Intl Paper T.3V4
Mo "Pacific 4«'4j Do prefd $2
Mobile & Ohio 43% LacleQe Gas r.S'A
Mo K& T 13 Vi I Lead 35 \
Do prefd 3:*'. I Do prefd 112^, i
N J Central 118% Nat Lin OH 5 |
N % Central 141% j Pacific Mail 4574
X V Chi &St L... 14 People's Gas 125
Do Ist prefd 65 .Pullman Pal ;-.161
" Do -d prefd 33 Silver Certificates. 60
Nor West 1814 Standard It & T... 10%
No Amer Co 0% Sugar .'...lfiS
No Pacific r.2*j Do prefd 117 t
Do prefd 78Vi T C ft Iron 53% I
Ontario & \v 27% r S Leather 6%
Or R & Nay 44 ■ Do prefd 7274
Do prefd 70 Tj S Rubber ." 'IK
Or Short Line 41%: Do prefd 11«
Pac C Ist prefd **• : Western Union 93U
Do 2il prefd C 2 Federal Steel CT%
PlttEburg ISO Do prefd n'' v «
Reading 23V& Am S & W CSH
Do Ist prefd <>!>% Do prefd I**l/4
II G W 35 Con Tobacco C 0... "<'i
"Do prefd "oH I Do prefd 89
Rock Isld. ex-dlv.Uß%|Pac Coast «'4
St Louis & S F.... 1174 Colo Southern 7
Do prefd 71 i Do Ist pr«fd 54<$
Do 2d prefd 40 I Do 2d profd 22
CLOSING BONDS.
r/ s 3s 108 N V Central 15t5.114%
V S new 4s reg.,..129',4 N'JC 5s HS%
Do coup 123U North Carolina .130
V B 4" 112*4 Do 4s 108
Do coup 11414 No Pac Ists 117
Do 2ds 9914 Do 3s 6774
VS 5s reg 11J% Do is ......... ..l'fl^
Do 6s coup 113'/. N V C & S L 45. .107%
District 3.65s 117 Nor * W C"----;-- I^,,
Ala class A 110 'Northwest consols. 142> 2
Do H 110 ll Do deb 8s 123
»Do C 100 O Nay ists 11l
Do Currency ....100 'O Nay 4s lot
Atchlson 4s 103 Vi O S Line 6s tr....12!>%
Do adj 4b S3", O S Line 5s tr....111%
Can So 2ds 110 Pac Con 6s ...... 120U
C St O 4!is 94 'Beading 4s »8»
Chicago Term 45..100 mR ° W lsts 9 "}4
C & Ohio 6a 119%' st L & I M Con 58.111%
C H & D 4V49....104V5t L & S F Gen fis.lSi
D & n G lsts ]OsV4!St r Con 168%
D & II a 4s 101% St P C & 1' 1at5..121%
East Term lsts 108 Do Da 121
Erie Gen 4s 73 Bo Ry 6s 10s%
F W & I) lsts tr.. S4V4 Standard R & T 6s 50
Gen Klec Cs 115 iTenn new pet 35.. 9714
GH&S A6s 11l Tex Pac L G lsts. 115
Do ids 110 Do Reg 2ds 54
H & T C Ss US ! Do 2d» 103%
Do con (!s 110 |W Shore 4s C 2
lowa C lsts 109 Vu, Centuries 116
!r\a new consols 4s. 109% i Do deferred VI
L & N Unl 4 3 !«j% Wls Cent 1144
MX & T 2ds 68 Colo Southern .... 35
Do 4s 94 ! Do Ist prefd .... 9
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 35 Ontario 5 50
Crown Point 26 Ophir 105
Con Cal & Va 2 00 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 65 Quicksilver 2 00
Gould & Curry 40 Do prefd 650
Hale & Norcross.. 33 Sierra Nevada 110
Homestake S3 00 Standard 2 65
Iron Silver 65 Union Con 60
Mexican 70 Yellow Jacket 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Ed Eleo Tel 200
Call loons* 3 @4 'Atchlson prefd 61%
Time loans 3Vi«j.4% Bonds-
Stocks— Atchiaon 43 100%
A T & S Fe 21% Wls Cent Is 67%
Amer Sugar ..16SVi| Mining Shares-
Do prefd 118 Allouez Mm Co — 10
Bell Tel 367 I Atlantic 34
Boston & Albany.. 2s3 Boston & Mont 355
Boston & Maine. .l 73 'Butte & Boston 85
Boston L 97 Calumet & Hec1a..770
Chi Bur & Q 144 Centennial 474
Fitchburg 121 Franklin 26
Gen Electric 116 Old Dominion .... 45%
Fed Steel 6? Osceola. 91
Mexican Cent 8 Quincy lob
Old Colony 202 Tamarack 24-5
Rubber Wolverine 45%
Union Pac 4S%!Parrott 49%
West End 93% Humboldt 2»4
Do prefd 113 \ Union Land 8
Westingh Elec .... 4S*4 i Adventure 14
Do prefd 64 '
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 30.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were rather more active to
day than was expected. The tone was firm,
except in Americans, which opened above
parity, and improved slightly, but in the ab
sence of New York support closed heavy.
Tintos were 4'>4; Anacondas. 9.
CLOSING.
LONDON, March 30.— Canadian Pacific. 53%;
Northern Pacific preferred, Sl%; Union- Pacific
preferred, 53%; Grand Trunk, 8%; bar silver,
steady, 27 7-16 d; money, 2 * per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. March FLOUR— Receipts,
32.405 barrels; exports, 15,156 barrels. Steady
and firm.
WHEAT— Receipts, 40,000: exports. 88.732
bushels. Spot easier. No. 2 red. S3c f. o. b.
afloat to arrive. Options opened strong on
higher cables and crop news but subsequently
sagged off under realizing, big Argentine ship
ments and a sharp break in March wheat.
Near the close there was a second advance
on active foreign buying of July, which closed
that month Vie net higher and the market firm.
March closed 2c lower and May unchanged^
March, *\%<m* 13-16 c. closed 82 - 4 c; April. 7!>%i(p
79Vic, closed 78% c; Ma:. 77@78*c, closed .be;
July. 76%@78c. closed 77Uc.
HOPS—
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
METALS— The features of the day In the
local metal market were stiffening of the price
of copper and a weaker ruling of lead. The
former was due to a scarcity of spot delivery
metal and urgent demand, the latter to in
creased offerings and an indifference of buy
ers The other departments were practically
unchanged. At the close the Metal Exchange
called: "..'...
PIGI RON— quiet and nominal, with
$10 50 bid and $11 asked. ;
LAKE COPPER— Firm, with $17 .5 bid and
TIN-^Firm, with $24 bid and $24 25 asked.
TlN— Firm, with $2-S bid and $24 2d af=ked.
LEAD— Easy, with $4 30 bid and $4 35 asked.
The brokers' price for lead was $4 15 and for
copper $17 75S1S.  -
SPELTER— with $6 30 bid and $6 3j
asked. . .
COFFEE — Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points higher. Sales. 6300 bags, including:
May, $5 06; September, $3 35; October. ?.". 4^;
December, $3 85; March (1900). $5 80@|S 85. Spot
co ee — mo, dull and nominal. No. 7 .invoice,
6 I-!'".'-; No. 7 jobbing, 6 5-16 c.
SUGAR— Raw. steady, but quiet. Fair re
fining, 3?<ic; centrifugal, M test, 4%c; molasses
sugar, 3%c. Refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2563 packages. Steady.
Western creamery. 17@22e: Elgins, 22c; fac
tory. 12&14' 2 c; imitation. 13%«»15%c.
E Receipts, 18,840 packages. Steady.
Western, 12% c; Southern, 12V4C.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, March 30.— California dried
fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7<f?BVic;
prime wire tray, S%*gß%c; choice, 9@9V«c; fan
cy. 9%®10c.
PRUNES— 4 »;@9%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13@14c; Moorpark, 13%@
17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9@llc; peeled, 25@2Se.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 30.— For the first fifteen
minutes there was more wheat for sale than
the buyers could absorb. May opened a shade
lower at from 73>ic down to 73c, and rapidly
declined to 72% c. That proved the rallying
point. After May had worked gradually up to
73% c the market became heavily charged with
buying orders. That shot the price up to 74% c.
July meantime sold from 72% cto 74% c.
The easy opening was largely due to the
Price Current and the Thoman report falling
to confirm the crop damage claimed by country
correspondents of commission houses. Another
bearish factor was the rather reluctant re
sponse from Liverpool and New York to the
extreme bullishness prevailing here. Country
men from every point of the compass were
still filling the markets with damage reports,
sensational in magnitude. Reported shipments
of 2,576,000 bushels from Argentina for the
week encouraged the bears to Jump on the
market, rushing May wheat from 74% c down
to 72->s<s'72%e. and July from 74% c down to
72*, c. The crop condition could not be forgot
ten, however, and the market rallied strongly
again, closing with May bringing 73»ic sellers.
July lett off at 7:ic buyers.
Corn was dull with a weak undertone, but
any important decline was prevented by the
firmness of wheat. In view of the holiday to
morrow the crowd was inclined to even up.
May corn closed %c lower.
Oats were active with heavy buy>ng of July
by outsiders. That option was relatively
firmer than May and the spread was narrowed
Me to •■■«(■. The delay in seeding was the chief
bull Incentive. May closed a shade lower.
Packers had more for sale than the specula
tive trade wanted and provisions ruled heavy
and spiritless. Large hog receipts and a slow
cash demand had a depressing influence. May
pork declined 7%c, lard 2'/z@sc and ribs 5@7%c.
Holiday to-morrow.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High.. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 73\; 745, 72% 73*4
July 73% 74T4 72% 73
Corn No. 2—
May 36Vi «*6% 35% 36
July 36% 36}, 36% 30%
September 37% 37% 37 37%
Oats No. 2—
May 27 21% , 26% 26%
July ." 26 26% 25% 25%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 9 17 ! i 9 20 9 10 9 15
July 9 32' i 935 925 9 27%
Lard per 100 pounds-
May 5 32% &32% 5 27% 5 32%
July 546 6 47',, r> 42% 545
September 6 60 5 60 C 55 5 57%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May * 77% 182% 475 4 77'
July 4EO 4 92% 485 4 87%
September 5 02% 505 00 500
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, moderate demand and firm: No. 2
spring wheat, 71<S72c; No. 3 spring wheat, 66
©'71c; No. 2 red, 75%!&76c; No. 2 corn. 35% c; No.
2* oats, ZVAQt&c; No. - white. 30@30%c; Pip. 3
white, 2!J%©3oc: No. 2 rye, 54% c; No. 2 barley,
37@47c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 21%; prime timothy
seed, $2 33; mess pork, per barrel, $S 95(fi9; lard,
per 100 pounds. $5 22%<fi5 25; short rib sides,
loose. $4 40<54 no; dry salted shoulders, boxed.
4%@4%c; short clear sides, boxed. t'/n'< 10;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
$1 26; sugar, cut loaf, 6.83 c; granulated, 5.33 c.
Articles— • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels' 19,000 26.000
Wheat bushels 32.000 85.000
Corn, bushels l."7.000 75.000
Oats, bushels 328,000 183.000
Rye bushels 10.000 9.000
Barley, bushels 23,000 8,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm: creameries. 14rfi21c; dairies,
ll^.<&lSc. Eggs, Arm; fresh, ll%<@l2c. Cheese,
steady; creams, 11%@12%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— V Bushels. Bush-^3.
Minneapolis 321.480 27.720
Duluth 97.071 . 7.806
Milwaukee 21,700
Chicago
Toledo 3.901 7.000
St. Louis .••• 7.000 2P.OM)
Detroit ■ 2.469
Kansas City 23^000 22.5 M
Totals
Tidewater-
Boston i 23,26.1 172.307
New York 40,000 88.732
Philadelphia... " 372 55.290
Baltimore 8,419 37,963
New Orleans •■ 164.000
Galveeton 14,616
Totals
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— March. ' May. July.
Opening '. 5 6% 5 5%
Closing £« 6 6%
THE SAST FEA^CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, 31ARCH 31, 1899.
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— March. May.
Opening 42 GO 43 30
Closing 43 10 43 60
Wheat—
Opening 20 SO 20 "'
Closing 21 CO- 2100
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
I IHICAGO.
CHICAGO, March CATTLE— fan
cy, J5 ?'a.'. 96; choice steers, f5 *o®3 S5; medium
steers, $4 70@4 96; beef steers. $3 90©4 85; bulls,
$2 60@4: cows and heifers, $3 40© 4 25; Western
fed steer?, $4 2605 00: Texas bteers. $3 'Jo©s;
calve.-. $4#B SO.
HOGS— There was a rood demand for hogs
at 2%C higher for desirable offerings. Fair to
choice, $3 75@3 57%; heavy packing lots, $3 »5©
3 72%; mixed. %1 86©3 80; butchers, $:'. 80©3 5.%;
light*. $8 60©3 SO; pigs. *3 25©3 60.
SHEEP— Active and 10c higher. Sheep sold
nt (SOS 05, chiefly at J4 CO and upward, while
heavy exporters 'brought $4 Ss#s 03; yearlings,
$4 4G(fjs 10; lambs, $5 60®6 10, mostly S3 DO.
Receipts— Cuttle, S0OO; hoes, 2S.000; sheep.
10,000.
THE COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 30.— COTTON— Steady.
M NEW*' ORLEANS. March 30.-COTTON
.Steady. Middling, 5%c.
MONEY IN DEMAND IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. March Many commission
houses and Individual operators on the Stock
Exchange second their call loans early to-day
because of the extended period that the loans
would cover, call loans made to-day carrying
until Monday because of the holiday to-mor
row. Good Friday. The banks early advanced
their rates to the legal figure, 6 per cent, ana
•many loans were made at that figure. i lit.
rate advanced during the day on the StocK
Exchange mostly to belated borrowers. 1- per
cent being touched five minutes • before j the
close, but the rate ran off and closed at j-jSi'j
per cent. The squeeze In call money ha been
anticipated by many and most of the business
was done before the fancy rates prevailed.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March Consols, 110 13-16; sil
ver, 27 7-16 d; wheat cargoes off coast, buyers
and sellers apart; cargoes on passage, sellers
at advance; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL March 30.— Wheat firm; wheat
in Paris, firm; French country markets,
steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 3%.
WHEAT— Spot, firm. No. 1 red northern
spring, 6s %d.
CORN— Spot, quiet. American mixed, new,
3s •;■,:: do old, Is 7%d. „-.,.,
Futures steady. April, 3s 5%d; May, 3s 5%d;
July, 3s 5%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures closed firm. April nomi
nal; May, 5s 6d; July. 5s 5%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or, March 30.— Clearings, $202,
--169; balances. $45,620.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or., March There is quite
an Improvement In the size of the bids that
were put out for wheat to-day. Export prices
having failed to dislodge much wheat, parties
in need of the cereal were bidding up to SS(?J
5S : *c for Walla Walla, with Valley quoted at
60c and ' Bluestem 61c. Parties who are in no
pressing need of wheat refuse to bid above so'o>
c6c for Walla Walla and 57c for Valley. There
Is a good demand for flour and mills are using
large quantities of wheat.
Cleared — Steamship Monmouthshire, for Chi
na and Japan, with 29,812 barrels of flour; Brit
ish bark Bowman B. Law, for Queenstown,
with 24,060 barrels of flour.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 30.— Wheat — Club. 68c;
Bluestem, 61c. _
!■"♦■
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S5 l i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 SS
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraph — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars — 45@48%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
(Xote — The Produce Exchange will not be In
session to-day— Good Friday.)
WHEAT — Chicago was unsettled. The local
operators and foreigners sold freely, but tho
country bought freely in the belief of serious
crop damage. This market showed no change,
but the tone was rather firm than otherwise.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 074gl lv; milting,
$1 12%(gl 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls. $1 12%;
4000, $1 12%; 2000, $1 12 7 -,,; 28,000, $1 13. May—
2000, $1 03%.
Regular Morning Session— December— Sooo ctls,
$1 18%.
Afternoon Session December — ctls,
$1 13.
BARLEY— The market was weak, both on
and off call, without any particular decline.
Feed, $1 17%@1 20; Brewing, 51 23@1 30 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99, new
— SOOO ctls, S6c: 2000, 85% c; 6000, 85%< . 10,000,
5.",-V: 18,000, Ss%c; 4000, 85% c. December—
89140.
Second Session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls,
85% c; 18,000, 85c. •
Regular Morning Session— Seller '90, new—
8000 Ctls, Ssc; 26, C00. 84% c: 4000, 84% c; 8000, S4%c.
December— lß,ooo, 88% c: 2000, BS%c; 10,000, 89c.
Afternoon Srs3ion— Seller '99, new— 2'jOO otls,
84% c; 12,000, 84% c. December— 2ooo, SS%c.
OATS— The market is still devoid of life and
quotations remain unchanged.
Fancy Feed. $1 42%©1 45 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 37'-T; 1 40; common. $1 82%@1 35; Sur
prise $1 4501 30; Gray, $1 324©1 37%; Milling,
$1 4"'il 42%"per ctl; Red, $1 45@1 50; Black, $1 30
01 40.
CORN—
Small round Yellow, $1 25: Eastern large Yel
low, $1 1031 12%: White, $1 10; mixed, $1 07%@
1 10 per ctl: California White, $1 12%.
RYE— sl 074'5l 10 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
California family extras, $4; bakers'
extras, $3 5503 90; Oregon and Washington.
$3<fi3 65 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 pounds: Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 6004 73;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4©4 25: Cracked \\ heat, $3 75;
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 ?s<g6 95; In sacks, $6 35$ 6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5: Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay is off again and weak at the decline.
Bran is lower, but Middlings are firm and in
light supply.
The circular of Somers & Co. says of Hay:
"We have a rather weak Hay market to re
port at the present time. Throughout the storm
of last week no auction sales were attempted
here in town, and contrary to the expectations
and wishes of consignees an average amount of
Hay kept coming to market dally. No Hay
could be handled because of the rain, and as
has always been our experience, consumers
would not even talk Hay until the weather
cleared. On Saturday last the storm broke and
a sale was held. The entire week's accumula
tion was offered for sale on that day, with the
result that prices dropped about $1 per ion
all around. Buyers knew of the amount of
Hay on the market, and in many Instances
dictated their own price on what had to be
unloaded. All this Is evidence that the farmers
realize the futility of holding their Hay for
the extreme prices of last spring. Having
come to this determination, they ail seem to
feel that they cannot dispose of their Hay
quickly enough. As we expressed ourselves last
week, this is an erroneous idea, especially when
stocks of Hay are low throughout the coun
try as they are at the present time.
"To keep our market properly supplied all
holders of Hay should send in their holdings
at Intervals so as to dispose of their lot; at
the end of the season, but not before. Receipts
for the past six days have been about 2400 tons,
a very heavy supply. Yesterday and to-day
we noted a fairly active demand, and our
opinion of the matter is that prices will go
no lower unless we have a recurrence of our
experience of last week, but that present prices
I or a little improvement on the present range
I will continue throughout the balance of the
season, providing shipments are regulated
properly."
BRAN— per ton. Pales nn call of 4000
ctls seller "99 at $11. and 2000 at $11 50.
MIDDLINGS— SI9^)2I per ton.
FEF.DSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. J2f.'a27 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31^31 SO; lob
bing, f32<932 50: Cocoanut Cake, $24@23; Cot
tonseed Meal. $2S@?.O per ton: Cornmeal. $23 50
(?i24 60: Cracked Corn, $24©25; < Mixed Feed.
$1!) 60920.
CALIFORNIA Wheat. $1.-.*?16 50 for
good to choice and $13(514 for lower grades:
Wheat and Oat. $i3(Hir. 50: Oat. $12(?14 50; Island
Barley. $12<f?13 50: Alfalfa. $'«510 50.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
— Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $12®14; Cheat.
$10 50^11 60; Grass Hay. $9 50@M 50: Oat. $12*J!
14: Clover, $10 50@ll 50; Timothy, $11@12 per
ton. .
STRAW— 2S©7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The market Is quiet and unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 75@1 85; Small Whites,
$2 1091 20; Large White?. $1 R0f?l 90; Pinks..
$2 o»<Jr2 15; Rede. $3 23@3 35; Blackcye. $3 750
3 85; Butters. $2 25@2 50; Llmas. S3 oOffS 60; Pea,
$2 2502 50; Red Kidneys, $2 5062 60 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3 75@4 per ctl;
yellow Mustard, $3 23@3 50; Flax. $2 15<f?2 25;
Canary Seed. 2Vi@2%c per n>; Alfalfa, 8%(99%c;
Rape, 2%@2%0; Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy, 5(§5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 65@1 70; Green. $23>
2 30 per ctl. •■ ■
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 563 boxes Asparagus, 710 boxes
Rhubarb and 84 sacks Peas.
Or.ions continue to decline.
The expected arrival of 12,000 sacks of Pota
toes from Oregon to-day causes some hesitation
on the part of buyers, but the market Is no j
Asparagus did better under smaller receipts. i
Rhubarb was weak, but Peas advanced.
Cabbage is scarce and high. Mushrooms are |
a POTATOES— SI Co@l 75 per ctl for Early Rose
■1 .-,!• 1 1 75 tor River Burbanks; Sonoma and
Marln Burbanks, $1 50@l 75 per ctl; Oregon,
«1 100160 for seed and II 76©1 95 for large;
Sweet Potatoes. for Merced; New Pota
toes 3 1 '. <;•!' ■ per lb.
ONIONS— SI@I 40 per ctl, outside quotation
for Oregon.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 75C©»1 25 per box
for No. 2, $1 6092 for No. 1 and $2 26 for
fancy; Rhubarb, 30@75c per box for the general
run and $1 for fancy; Green Peas, 6@7c; String
Beans. ; Cabbage. $1 25©1 60; Tomatoes ; *2
for Los Angeles: Egg Plant. 15c per lb; garlic,
6-57 C per lb: Dried Okra, 15c per lb: Dried Pep
pers', 10c; Green Peppers, 30035 c; Carrots, ... i
33c per sack; Mushrooms, 6®loc per lb; Hot
house Cucumbers, $I@l 50 per doz.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A carload of Eastern sold as follows: Hens.
S7'i7 50; young Roosters, $S@S 50; old Roosters,
$5 50; Ducks, $7 50 per doz; Geese, $2 50 per
pair; Live Turkeys. 14@16c per lb.
There will be no more Eastern this week.
Local stock is generally firm at unchanged j
prices. Game continues dull.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. M©l«c: live
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 14*j-loc for
Hers- Geese, per pair. $1 50@l 75: Goslings. $2 2..
gfso Ducks. $6@7 for old and $7©B for young:
Hens. $5 .■■-;•: ■'•"; young Boo^f^i * 8 T f r 9 ', °' J
Roosters $5 =••.,«; Fryers, $7«7 50. Broilers,
f5 50@6Sfor large, |3#4 60 for small: Pigeons.
$1 50« 175 per dozen for old and $2&2 uO for |
Sq GAME-<sray Geese. $3: White Geese. 75c;
Hare 50c@$l: Rabbits. St 50 for Cottontails
and $1 for small; English Snipe, $3 per dozen.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter is a shade lower. Eggs are a fraction
higher, as the demand for Easter Is excellent j
and keens stocks down. Cheese shows no {
change.
Creamery- Fancy creamery, 17%@lSc; seconds, |
16%@17c.
Dairy— to fancy, 13@lG%c; common
grades, 14c.
8 CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll(f?ll%c; old,
10@10%c; Cream Cheddar, 12«'.2%c; Young
America. 11%«?12%c: Eastern, U%@l4c.
EGGS— Quoted at 13@17c per doz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUIT.
Receipts of Strawberries were extremely light,
but there was some left-over stock on the mar
ket. There is nothing else new.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 75c@$l 25 for common, $1 50521 75 per
box for No. 1 and $2<S2 50 for choice to fancy.
Strawberries. 25c*i$l per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $2 23113 50
per box: Seedlings, 1101 75; Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 50@2; Lemons, 75c@$l 50 for common
and >.-'■!'- 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes $4 5005; California Limes. 75c©$l per
small box; Grape Fruit. $1 50@3: Bananas. $1 50 ,
<Q2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Now that the Raisin Association is running
well again the movement in Raisins ought to
Improve. The other descriptions under this
head are unchanged.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for *0-7>'s. 53 1
6%c for 50-60" 5,4@4%c for 60-70' 3Vi©3%C for
70-SO's 2%@3c for SO-90's, 2%®2%c for 90-10Cs '
and 2©2»4c for 100-110's; Peaches, S%#9'.ic fct j
Mcd to choice. 10c for fancy and — for j
peeled: Apricots, 12%@15c for Royals and
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, B%@9c: sun
dried, s*i's%c: Black Figs, sacks, 2©2>ic;
Plums, nominal, 2c for unpitted; Pears, nomi
nal.
RAISINS — for two-crown, 4% for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, ! 'g6c for Seed
less Sultanas, .'4c for Seedless Muscatels
and $1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes,
2%@3c.
'NtJTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb: Walnuts, 6©Be
for hardshell, lOtfllc for softshell; Almonds,
S@3c for hardshell. 12@13c for softshell. 14© 16c ;
for papershell: Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern and ;
4-.. ,-,.-, c for California: Cocoanuts, $4 50<7?5.
HONEY— Comb. lOfillc for bright and B@Dc
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7 1 > 4
<g"%c; light amber extracted, "c; dark, 5@5%c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2T/q 27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Trade continues dull at previous prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 8c per lb for heavy,
B%@9c for light medium. 10%igllc for light,
12c for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar
cured: Eastern Sugar-cured Hams. 10%@llc;
California Hams. 10c: Mess Beef. $12<g12 50 per
bbl; extra Mess Beef, $13 50; Family Beeef,
$14 50£15; extra prime Pork. $12: extra clear,
$1S; mess, $16; Smoked Beef, 10%@llc per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5@5%c per lb for
compound and 7%c, for pure; half barrels,
pure, 7%@Sc; 10-lb tins, 2 c; 5-lb tins, gy c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6%®'6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails. 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 in
a case, B%c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, S\c;
&0-lb tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7"4 c; wooden buck
ets, 20 lbs net, 84c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net,
7%c; half-barrels, about" 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
There is a demand for Tallow at better
prices. Otherwise there Is nothing new.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, S@S%c; Cow
hides, BV4©9c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, &c: Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 15c: culls and brands.
12c: d:y Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 10®30c each; short
Wool, 35@60c each: medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
90c(g$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 7601 23
for large and $1 for small; Colts. 23@50c foi
small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4Vic per lb;
No. 2 "'uV-.<-: refined. 4%@5c; Grease, 2%c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Southern Mountain. 12
months, 7«i3c: Foothill and Northern free. 10
<ffl2c: Foothill and Northern defective. 9@llc;
Humboldt and Mendocino. 14@15c; Nevada. 10
(!-■■• Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools —
Humboldt and Mend0cin0.. ........ ......9 @11
Northern Mountain 7 010
Southern « @ 7%
Plains « ®7
HOPS— crop, 10<3>llc per lb for ordinary.
12®12%c for good and i3@lsc for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags. 5%c for June
and July; Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San Quentln.
Bags, $4 95.
Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 '0; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5: Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 in bulk and $9 25
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $S 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com- j
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed j
and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Powdered, 5%c: Candy
Granulated, s'4c; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Con- j
fectioners' A. 6Hc; California A, 4%c; Magnolia
A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%c: Golden C. 4%c; half
barrels, \ic more than barrels, and boxes, 14c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are weak at the decline. Beef Is firm,
at the revised prices. The other descriptions
are unchanged. . .
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7%®Sttc per lb.
VEAL— Large, 7c; small, 74@8c per lb.
MUTTON— 7%@Sc; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— 10c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, s@sVic for small. B%c for
medium and 4%c for large: stock Hogs and
Feeders, 4@4Vic; dressed Hogs, 6%@7%c.
RECEIPTf OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, March 30.
Flour, qr sks ...>24,940 Hay, tons 466 ■
Wheat, ctls 680 1 Hops, bales 2
Barley, ctls 400 ; Wool, bales 431
Corn, ctls 30; Pelts, bills 255
Butter, ctls 37« Hides No 559 i
Cheese, ctls 223 Chicory, 1)bls ... 50 j
Beans sks 2:>.<l Eggs, doz 22,590
Middlings, sk3 .. 325 Quicksilver, flks. 6 I
Potatoes, sks ... 1,285 ; leather, rolls .. 142
Onions, sks 150 Wine, gals 47,300
Bran, sks , 625 Lime, bbls 135
Straw, tons s ! Sugar, bbls 163
OREGON.
Flour. qr sks ' 1,7601 IHay. tons 20
Wheat, ctls 6,100 'Shorts, sks 160
Potatoes, sks 2851
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls ...... «00|
NEVADA.
Hay. tons 101
'^ _' 11 — ■ m ■ :
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business was lively on the Bond Exchange !
yesterday. There was less panic in Gas & i
Electric, but the stock was not distinguished |
for firmnesß. Contra Costa Water was weaker
jat $66(ft66 75. The sugar stocks were generally
steady.
An upward turn in mining stocks in the after
noon regained the ground lost the preceding
day and more too.
The boards will be in session as usual to-day. I
The official report from the Justice mine for
the past week states that on the 370- foot level, j
upraise No. 1 was advanced ten feet, making i
its total height fifty-two feet. They commenced j
stoping ore March 2* on the north side of this !
upraise. This stope shows a width of six feet i
of ore. The south drift was advanced thirteen
feet, making its total distance 136 feet. This
drift has connected with the old west crosscut
from the Waller Defeat-Justice south lateral
drift. The north drift was advanced eight feet,
makin* its total length twe»ty-el«ht feet; tße
faco shows three feet of "re, assaying, sow
524 80 silver 11 oum-es; total. $31 2S per ton
During th.> week they hoisted fifteen tons of
ore from this drift: car sample of same aver
aged, gold *1S 73. silver S ounces; total. *---*
per t.m. On the 400 level the upraise frcm the
south drift was advanced eiKht teet; total dls
tance twenty-eight feet They hoisted ntteen
tont of .ire from this upraise; car aamiple aver
aged, Kold is L'T, silver Vik ounces; total, JO2 n
per ton.
STOCK AXD BOXD EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, March 30—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ; Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Equit G L, Co. '.<'-* 9%
4s quar c0up. .113^114 I.Mutual El Co. 12^ —
•is quar res... — — Oakland Gas.. — 4.>&
4s quar new..l2SUi29Vi Pac Gas Imp. 78% —
3s quar coup.. 107 |Fac LCo — 4SU
Miscellaneous— S F G & B — 78% —
Cal-st Cab 55. 116 — San Fran 3Va 3%
Cal Elec L. 6s. 125^127}* Stockton Gas.. 9 —
C C Wat ;5....105>4 — I Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — — Flrem's Fund.22o 225
E Ii & P 6a.. 131 — Bank Stocks—
F& Cl Ry 63.116 — Anelo-Cal . ... >'>'< —
Geary-st R ss. — 98 Bank of Ca1..207 257U
H C & S 545. — 105 Oil SD & T.. 98 : —
LAL. Co 65.. — — First Nationl.22o 225
Do sntd 65.. 101 — Lon P & A... 129^133
Market-st 65... 128 — Mer Exchange — 16
Do Ist M ss. 116 ,2 Nev Nat 8k..150 —
N C NG H 78.107 — Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65..113%114',4 Ger S & L... — 1675
N Ry Cal 55..U3V4 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N PC R R Cs. — 107 Mutual Say. — 41%
XPC R R '.5.102V4 — S F Say U.. 500 —
N Cal R R 55.10iy.105 S & L 50.... — 101
Oak Gas 55.... 109 — Securlt SB. 300 .V.O
Om C Ry 65...12»W - i Union T C0.1462',i1464
P A Cl Ry 65.. 108 103 Street Railroads—
r&O 6s 117 — California ....112 —
Powell-st 65... — 121 '- Geary 4. > —
Par El Ry ss. — — j M:»rket-st .... 64^i 65
SP & N P 55. 112% — Oak S I. & H. — —
B P & B J\"s.ll6',ill7 I Presidio 12 —
SierraßCal 6s.lMV»lo»\4 l Powder—
S P of Ar Sa..ll2^ll2Vs California .... — 196
S P C 6s (1905)113%114W E Dynamite... — 10214
SPC 6s (1906)115',5 — Giant Con Co. 6'< * '.i : ,
SPC 6s (1912) 122 V] — Vigorit 2' 2 2%
SPC Is eg Sa.lOn — Sugar—
PBr 6s 125% — liana P C 0.... 17 7 fc 18%
8 V Water 6s.llfiWll7 Haw C&SC. 84 85
S V Water 4s.lfi3-"-i - Hutch S P Co. 31% 32
H V W4s(.-,dm).101%101-% Paauhau S P. 3S',£ —
Stktn Gas 65..102U105 I Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— A! Pac Assn.. llo 110%
Contra Costa.. 66',; 66Vi Ger Ld Wk5...250 —
Marln Co SO — Mer Ex Assn.. 'JO —
Spring Valley. 102%102?i Oceanic S Co.. — T" 1 .
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... 1% \C
Capital Gas... — — J'ac C Bor C 0.105. 105 —
Cent Gaslight. — — Par Paint Co.. 7V4 —
Cent L, & P... 7% 9»i'
Morning Session.
Board—
2." Contra Costa Water 66 73
50 Contra Costa Water 66 50
ntra Costa Water 66 P0
50 Contra Costa Water 66 25
mtra Costa Water 66 37'~s
100 Equitable Gas 9 25
10 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
l ril > Hana Plantation Co 17 62^
175 Hana Plantation Co 17 75
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 874
.'■" Market Street Railway 64 '>.:•>
lauhau S P Co 3S 75
50 Presidio R R 12 50
160 S X Gas & Electric Co 78 75
120 S F Gas & Electric Co 7» 00
23 Spring Valley Water 102 75
50 Spring Valley Water 103 00
Z Spring Valley Water, b 1 103 00
| S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mortgage) I
2 I'nion Trust Co ■- 116." 00
3 Union Trust Co 1462 50
Street—
f 10C0 U S 3 per cent bonds, cash 107 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 Alaska Packers' Assn 110 "0
10 Contra Costa Water 66 37M
80 Equitable Gas 9 25
50 Equitable Gas 9 :-0
50 Equitable Gas, s so 9 50
: n.ina Plantation Co 17 874
25S Hana Plantation Co IS CO
iwalian Commercial & Sugar S4 50
50 Hutchlnaon B P Co 31 *7' 2
75 Huicliinson S P Co 31 75
$2<l<W Market Si Ry Con a per cent bd5.,116 50
25 Market Street Railway 84 30
: I Paauhati B P Co S8 7.">
10 Pacific Gns Imp 79 25
12000 S F & S .1 V l»>nJs 117 00
2", s F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 7s 73
1" S F Gas & Electric Co 8 73
75 S F Gas A Electric Co, s SO 7S 50
90 s E Gaa 4 Electric Co 79 00
n Gas & El L-t bonds l
prlng Valley Water 102 73
11000 B V 41 per cent bonds (3d mortgage). lol 50
200 VI port t Powder 2 50
Street—
40 Giant Powder Cdn 6100
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
5 Spring Valley Wator in GO
5 Mutual Electric Llsht 13 00
6 Mutual Electric Light 13 \2>£
40 Contra Costa Water 86 87%
20 Contra Costa Water 67 00
20 Hutchinson S P Co 32 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Equitable Gas 9 50
25 Giant Powder Con 61 25
25 liana Plantation Co IT 75
10 Oceanic S S Co 75 00
$2000 S V Water bonds (3d mortgage).. .lol 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the pales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
2W Andes 201 200 Gould & Curry 4.">
200 Belcher 49 1 100 Hale & Norcra 37
st & Belcher 62 1 100 Hale & Norcrs 35
200 Be? t & Belcher 61l 300 Mexican 78
300 Challenge 401 MO Potosl 33
200 Chnllar 40' 200 Savage 33
200 i "on Cal & Va.2 20 1 300 Union Con 65
160 CoH «';i! A Va.2 2.V r.oo Yellow Jacket. 30
200 Crown Point... 32 100 Yellow Jacket. 31
Afternoon Session.
800 Belcher 51 1 100 Mexican 84
400 Best & Belcher 66 fioo Ophlr 130
100 Challenge 45 ?« Overman 20
hallenge 46 200 Pntosl 35
7 'h-Vikir 41 600 Savage 35
300 Chollar 42 r.oo Se* Belcher.... 07
200 Confidence 1 00 400 Sierra Nevada. l 35
:: Cal & Va.2 35 100 Sierra Nevada. l 30
200 Crown Point... 33 700 Union Con 68
300 Oould & Carry 4s liii Utah 23
200 Gould & Curry 49 200 Utah 22
100 Hale & Norcrs 86' 50 Utah 21
3f-n Justice 24- 200 Yellow Jacket. 31
SOO Mexican S3 l
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning- Session.
150 Andes 21 300 Crown Point... 32
200 BMcher 49 300 Crown Point... 33
1100 Belcher 50 500 Gould & Curry -ir,
600 Best & Beli-her 62 j 400 Justice 24
200 Hest & Belcher 61 400 Mexican 78
300 Best & Belcher C 3 800 Ophir 120
200 Challenge Con. X- 200 Ophlr 1 22i s
200 Challenge Con. 41 j 300 Overman 19
400 Challenge Con. 4'i 1 400 Savage 33
4' ■) < 'hollar 39 500 Sop Belcher.... 07
150 Con Cal &• V.2 2.' 1 ; 200 Union Con 67
a Cal & V...1 S 400 Yellow Jacket. 30
200 Confidence 100 400 Yellow Jacket. 31
Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha Con 031 500 Gould & Curry 48
200 Belcher 51 1 300 Mexican S3
150 Caledonia 501 2fiO»Ophlr 130
300 Challenge Con. 42 1 300 Overman 20
SCO Challenge Con. 44 1 300 Savage 34
400 Challenge Con. 45! f>oo Beg Belcher 07
Hii" Challenge Con. 46 1 200 Fes Belcher 0«
800 Con Cal & V...2 Soi TOO Sierra Nevada. l 30
400 Con Cal & V.2 32 Vt! 160 Sierra Nev...l 32H
800 CrtJWD Point... 33 500 Union Con .... fi7
400 Gould & Curry 47 ! 200 Union Con 6S
400 Gould & Curry 46
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, March 30—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con .... — 10 Julia — 05
Alta 13 14 Justice 23 25
Andes 20 21 Kentuck 07 08
Belcher 50 51 1 Lady Wash — 02
Best & Belcher 63 6."> 1 Mexican SO 82
Bullion 06 07 Occidental 30 32
Caledonia 49 — Ophlr 125 130
Chollar 41 42 Overman 19 20
Challenge Con. 47 48'Potosi 35 38
Confidence 103 1 10 Savage 34 35
Con Cal & Va. 2302 33 Scorpion 04 —
Con Imperial... 02 ftSlSeg Belcher Ofi 07
Crown Point... 33 34 Sierra Nevada. l 30 135
Con New York. 02 — j Silver Hill .... 04 05
E Sierra New 02 — Syndicate — 08
Eureka Con 50 — Standard — 75
Exchequer 03 04 Union Con .... 66 67
Gould & Curry 4S V Utah 23 24
Hale & Norcrs 35 SI Yellow Jaqket.. 33 34
■ » •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Sarah J. and Ernest A. Cox to Charles Joa-
Belyn lot on N line of Clay street, l'ja W of
Scott, N 127:8 Vi by W X; SlO.
Alfred E. Blake to T^auru 11. Blake, lot on
E5 line of Belvedere rtreet, 1?.". X of Frederick,
N 25 by B 1-1:10';. quitclaim deed; $1.
Laura M. Macdermott, Lewis S., Sherman T.
ami Robert J. Blake to same, same, Quitclaim
deed; $10.
George W. Emmons to Annie Lycett. lot on
E line .of Nevada (Norfolk) street, 185 N of
Harrison, N 79:9 by B 47:7%: $1.
Robert Adam to Tabor Adam (wife), lot on
E line of Harrtaon street. 101 N of Twenty
fourth. N 52 by E 100; tilt.
Robert Booth to Catherine Booth, lot on E
Mne of Columbia (Florida) street, 28 S of Ser
pentine avenue, S 25 by E 100; gift.
Henry and Katie Weber to Gracieuse Pon
tacq (wife of Jeani' lot on S line of Twenty
fifth street, 152:8 W of Church, W 25:5*/± by S
114; $10.
Garden City Bank and Trust Company and
Thomas F. Morrison to Phllomena Earbetta,
lot on SE corner of Vallejo and Dupont streets,
30 >>y 57:6; $5300.
William f'onley to William N. W. Warnke
lot on AY line of Mason street, 80 N of Broad
wily, N 25:6 by W tf; $10.
Charles and Julia Welach to F. Ladouceur,
lot on W line of Third nvenuo, 175 S of Lake
street, S 2:. by w 120 : *moo.
Charles and ftina Hamdorf. California Bridse
and Construction Company, J. J. Raver. Doro
thea and John Doe Lippkowski. Felix MoHutrh
and Jacob Adams, assignee (by Carl V. Elfy
inK, commissioner) to Continental Building and
Loan Association, lot on W line of Fourth ave
nue, 125 S of Point Loboa, B 25 by W 120; $1915
Julian H. Biddle to Albert Elsbaeh, lot on
W line of Thirty-fourth avenue, 100 N of L
street. P. by W Noble T. Biddle to same, lot
Mingle P. and Noble T. Biddle to same, lot
on W line of Thirty-fourth avenue 125 N Of
B street N 25 by W 120; also lot on \\ line of
i Thirty-sixth avenue. 260 N of C street, N 25
by W 120; $10.
Alaxneda County.
Alice E. Book to Henry J. and Martha J.
Snook, lot on X corner of lot 2. block A. sub
division 50 Associates- Tract and East Six
teenth street. NE 140, NW 40. SW to NE East
Sixteenth street. SE to beginning, block A.
subdivision 50, Associates Tract, East Oak-
James McGee to William and Martha M.
Hampton, lot on W line of Mary Street, 330 S
of Addison, W 130, 9 100, E 70 to center of
Strawberry Creek. thence NE to W line of
Mary street. N to beginning of block 2, Me-.
Gee Tract, Berkeley; $5.
C. A. and Henrietta L. Scoville to Sarah H.
Martin (wife of J. H. Martin), lot on S line
of Kent street 320:6 E of Shattuek avenue. E
50 by S 135, being lot 7, Scoville Tract, Berke
ley; flO.
James H. and Sarah H. Martin to Annie Col
bert (wife of J. F. Colbert), same; gift.
I). Kinseil, guardian of the estate of Annie,
Joseph, ' Polcena, Joaquina and Manuel Caton
(minors), to Joseph S. Garcia, lot on NW cor
ner of Maple street and Ashland avenue, N
75.73. W 674.4 to the Estudillo Grant line,
thence S 75.74 to a point at Intersection of said
grant line and the N line of Maple street,
thence along the N line of Maple 575.25 to be
ginning, portion of Ashland Tract, San Lo
renzo Rancho. Eden Township; $442.
Emma T. Mesow to F. H. Mesow, lot on SE
corner of Maple street and College avenue, E
120 by 8 64, lot S. block A, University Villa
Tract. Berkeley; gift.
F. H. Mesow to American Surety Company
of New York, same. Berkeley; $10. : -;" . .
John E. McDonald to D<>la Tahaney (wife of
Patrick), lot 10, block C, Elmhurst Tract,
Brooklyn township; $10.
Edward P. Flint to J. F. Dingwell, re-record
677 d -M lot 3, block G, Flint Tract. Map 4,
Oakland; $140. . ,
W. H. and Emily Butson to Laura A. Phelps,
lot on S line of Lydia street, --'-> W of Curtis, I
W 24 x S 100, block I, Curtis and Willliamg i
Tract. Oakland; SICOO. . ;
Home Security Building and Loan Associa
tion to Helen R. Wentworth, lot on N line of
Addison street. v" •"■ W of Tenth. W 100. E 31.
S 100 to beginning block 99. Tract B, Berkeley. I
Land and Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley; $10.
Laura A. Phelps to W. H. Butson. Int on S
line of Highland avenue, 124.73 W of Peralta.
E 124 72 S 200. W 132.40. N to beginning-, be
ing lots 203 to 210. Rose Tract; Brooklyn Town
ship: $1200. _ , •
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Guistl Conzanl,
lots 23 and 24. block D, Elmhurst Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $2Cki.
Marie a. and Mauritz L. Krook to Mary M.
Hahnenfeld. lot 40 on map of Henry and Phil
lips' subdivision of Bray Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; 510.
Builders' Contracts.
Houghton Sawyer (owner) with Andrew Wil
kle Jr. (contractor), architect Albert Fair—
work for alterations and additions to a two
story-and-basement dwelling on the NE corner
of Sutter and Jones streets, X 65 by E 24:10;
$3^90
William I. Smith (owner) with Marcuse &
Remmel (contractors and architects)— work
for two-story frame house and stable on N_ line
of First avenue, 75 S of California street, S 100,
W 120, N 75, E 5. N 25, E 116; $3400.
William Oechslin (owner) with K. C. Gard
ner (contractor), architect Charles M. Rous
seau—All work for alterations and additions
of a one-story building to be. a two-story
building on E line of Jones street, 40 >. of
Chestnut. N 20. E 68:9. -S 20. V.' 68:9; $1297.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of "Market street, Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High an 4 Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. PubHshed by official au- j
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at ■
the city front fMission-strert wharf) about j
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point; ;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. MARCH 31.
rises .' 5:55
sets '. 6:33
n rises 11:31 p. m.
n Time Tlmel Tiiuel Tlmel
»> Ft. 1 Ft. ' Ft. 1 Ft.
• H W LWj HWI LWj
II ...j 1:26 5.81 8:331 — 0.2 J:39( 4.3 8:10 2.9
1 2:15 5.6 9:34!— 0.t 4:50 4.3 9:14 S.I
2 ' 3:14 6.5 10:4n|— 0.2 6:02 4.4 1 10:$S 3.1
3 .... 4:27 6.4 11:45; — 0.1 7:05 4.6, 11:55 3.0
4 ... 5:46! 5.3 12:441-0.1 7:5ll 5.1
11, wj hwi !l w ;h w
5 1:061 2.51 7:00 '..3 ; 1:30 O.oi S.S4 ( n.3
6 ... 2:041 1-91 S:09! 5.4 2:28j 0.3| 9:10| 5.6
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the- successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are addiitons to the soundings on the
I'nited States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign <— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low watora.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer- '
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
March 30. 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropppd at exactly noon to-day —
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. 8. N., in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
imer.
olumbia Portland IMar. 31
. Blanehard... Cons Bay ! Mar. 31
rcata Coos Bay jMar. 31
Tlzaba Newport :Mar. SI
hiikat IHumboldt I Mar. 31
ue'.la iTlllamook Mar. 31
Fewburg i Grays Harbor !Apl. 1
rescent City. .. [Crescent City Apl. 1
ownsend ICoqullle River Apl. 1
'lppon Maru...'Ch!na and Japan Apl. 1
I'ellingrton i Departure Bay lApl. 1
uracao Mexico Ap!. 1
artar |Chlna and Japan Apl. 1
mplre Poos Bay lApl. 2
nmona IHumboldt lApl. 2
!ueen (Victoria & Puget Sound Apl. 2
anta Rosa ISan Diego Apl. 2
[Ineola iN'analmo Apl. 2
loha [Point Arena ApL 2
z.T-ina | P«»attl' > Ap'. 1
.uth ]Coos Bay |ApL 3
rogreso (Seattle ApL i
oos Bay INewport !Apl. 4
tate of Cal (Portland lApl. 6
'orth Fork IHumboldt lApl 5
i'eeott ICnof Bay lApl. S
ieelanaw IS^attle !Apl. n
rasht^naw ....jTacoma 'Apl. o ■
'eru 'China and Japan Apt. fi
orona ; *in Dif^o Apl. fi
oint Arena |Polnt Arena lApl. 8
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination, j Sails. I Pier.
"orona San Dietro IMar. 31. 11 am' Pier 11
VHianoe ...(Oregon Ports. Mar. 31. 10 amJPier 20
I'matllla ..iVlo & Put Sd. Apl. 1, 10 am'Pter »
Pt. Arena. .IPolnt Arena.. Apl. 1, 3 pmlPler 2
~"hilkat . ...IHumholdt Apl. 1, 2 pmiPler 13
V. VUanch'dCoos Bay |Apl. 1. 1 pnVPier 13
\rcata ICocw Bay Apl. 2. 10 am' Pier 13
Orizaba INewport JApl. 2. 9am Pier 11
"Vlumbia ..'Portland 'Apl. 3. 10 am f't^r 2i
?anta RosaiPan Dieeo lApl. 4, 11 anvPler 11
Dorl-' IfTllna&JipanlApl. 4, 1 pm PMSS
Pomona' IHumboldt ; Apr. 4. 2 pin Pier n
Australia ..IHonolnlu lApl.fi, 2 pm Pier T
IPolnt Arena. .lApl.' 5, 3 prniPier 2
•i,o>< Hay... Newnort lApl. f!. 9am I Pier 11
3ueen |VIC 4; Pgt Sd.JApl. fi, 10 am Pier 9
state Cal... 'Portland 'Apl. S. 10 am Pier 24
Steamer.
Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, March 30.
Stmr Charles Kelson, Anderson, Manila, via
Honolulu.
Stmr Coqui'.le River, Thompson, Grays Ha
bor.
Stmr Gipsy, Lelar.d, 1G hours from Mon
terey, etc.
Ptmr Point Arena, Hansen, 16 hours from
Mendoelno, etc.
Stmr Mackinaw. J-ittlefield, 89 hours from
Ta; oma.
Haw bark Andrew Welch, 14' i days from
Honolulu.
Bark C D Bryant, Colly, 21 days from Hono
lulu.
Brig Oonsuelo, Page, 15 days from Mahu
kona.
Schr Kdward Parke, Johnson, <S hours from
Usal.
Schr Occana Vance, Ankers, 16^ days from
Honolulu.
Srhr Annie M Campbell. Frldberg, 15 days
from Honolulu.
CLEARED.
Thursday. March 30.
Stmr North Fork, Basch, Eureka; Chas Nel
son.
r> St J7 r om , ona^ Larsons, Eureka; Goodall,
Stmr C C Cherry, Ellessen, Nanaimo; P 9
Whaling Co. "
Stmr Corona. Debney, San Diego, etc; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Cr.as Nelson. Anderson, # Manila, via
Honolulu; L' S Government.
liark Albert, Griffiths, Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond & Co.
Bark Big Bonanza, Bergman, Vladivostok;
Hawley Bros Hardware Co.
Bark Ferris. 9 Thompson, Murk, Chignlk
Bay: Hume Brba & Hume.
S^hr San Buenaventura, Lankllde, San Bias;
William Olsen.
BAIL
Thursday, March 30.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. Eureka.
stmr Greenwood. Gunderson.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanalmo.
Stmr Samoa. Jalinsen. Eureka.
.Stmr Geo Loqmls, Bridgets Ventura.
Ship James Drummond, Skewes, Liverpool.
Br ship Ditton. Stap, Tocopilla.
Br .shin British General. Thomas, Royal
Roads.
Bark Tidal Wave, Wickbersr. Tacotna,
Bark Ferris S Thompson. -Murk. Chlgnlg Bay.
• Bktn S X Castle, Hubliard. Honolulu.
Schr Baran ft. Zachary, Mazatlan.
Schr Anna. Ipeen, codfishing.
Schr Herman, Filkman, Kodtak.
Schr Seven . Sisters, Rasm'ussen, Coquill*
River.
Schr Emma Claudina. Nielsen.
Schr Western Home, Nilssbn, Coos Bay. .
Schr Occidental, Brand, Eureka.
CHARTERS.
The Nokomis loads flour- for Xicolaefskl.
The British Princess loads wheat at Port
land for Algoa Bay; 3 M Griffith, lumber on
the Sound for Taku or Xuchwant;. 58s M.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March oJ. 10 p m— Weathej
cloudy; wind west; velocity 20 miles.
. .• SPOKEN.
March lat 33 OS X. long 74 19 TV— Stmr Fi
nance, from New York, for Colon.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR March 29— Schr
La Gironde, from Santa Barbara.
Sailed March 29— Schr Laura May, for San
Francisco: schr Fannie Adele. for Kihel.
REDOXDO— SaiIed March 30— Stmr Grace
Dollar, for San Francisco. •. : ;
TACOMA— Arrived March 20— Stmr Czarina.
from Seattle.
Sailed March 29— Stmr Humboldt, for Dyea:
Br ship Frankistan, for Liverpool.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived March 30 —
Stmr Alcazar, from San Pedro.
Sailed March Nor stmr Titania, for Na
'"gREENWOOD — Sailed March 30 — Stmr
Whitesboro. for .San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived March 30—
Schr Monterey, hence March 29.
NEAH BAY— Passed March 23— Schr Corona,
from Honolulu, for Port Blakeley; stmr Mine
ola for San Francisco. March 30— Br ship
FmnkiPtan. from Tacoma, for Liverpool.
PORT TOWXSEXD— Arrived March 30— Br
ship Rhuddlan Castle, from Hiogo: bktn J M
Griffiths, from Hilo; bktn Skagit, from Hono
lulu- pchr Fred E Sanders, hence March 15, for
Port' Gamble; schr Maria E Smith, from Hono-
In' port March 30— Br ship Port Stanley, fin
Port Angeles; schr Lymaa, D Foster, from
Port Gamble, for Shanghai. -"■• __-': -*
Sailed March Schr Lymaa D Foster. foB
Shanghai; stmr Queen, for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— SaiIed March 30— Stmr Alcatras,
for San : Francisco. •
EUREKA— SaiIed March Stmr Chllkat.;
for San Francisco. '
COOS BAY— Arrived March Stmr Empire,
hence March 27: schr Glen, hence March 22|
stmr Ruth, hence March 28. _^
Safted March 30— Schr Gotama, for San Fran*
Cisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PORT PIRIK— March 29— Nlc bar*
Bundaleen. for Newcastle, NSW. |
HONGKONG— Arrived prior March Stmr
Olymriia, from Tacoma.
QUEEXSTOWX— Arrived March 29— Br bark
Lady Isabella, from Oregon.
OCEAN TBAVEI*.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
-^ Steamers leave Broadway >
F?Vi. wharf, San Francisco: ";;v-M
Ijbaguaw For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
; MfijPKjfcaw A P r - L - v - 16 - 21 > 26> May 1:
' tjfeJJMHL change at Seattle.
i HBSSN «H or Victoria. Vancouver (B. '
[_S«3al r >- Port Townsend, Seattle.
r^^^^i^ia Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash).
"•* 10 a. m., Apr. 1, 6, 11, 16. 21,
26, May 1. and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For .Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Apr. 4.
9. 14, 19, 24, 29, May 4, and every fifth day
i thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, ■
Cayucos, Port Karford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme,
i Ran Pedro. East San Pedro (Los 'Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Apr. 2. 6. 10, 14. IS. 22. 26.
30. May 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m..- Apr. 4. S. 12. 16, 20. 24. 28. May 2. and
. every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa RosalU.
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain • folder.
The company reserves the right to chantr*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
an<l hours of sailir.tr. •
TICKET OFFICE— I New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
Prom Spear-street Wharf at 19 a. m.
CADE Si 2 First Class Including Berth*
rHIiL £8 Second Cla»« and Meal*.
Columbia, sails March 14, 24; April i, U. H.
I State of California, sails March 1». 29; April
8. 18. 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market atrwt.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
.^ _^ . . 1 m
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday 10 a. m.
St. Louis April 12 1 St. Louis.. May 3
Paris April 19 'Paris May 19:
New York April 26 St. Paul May IT
RED STAR LINE.
New York anH Antw:ro.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 = noon.
Soutb.wark April 12 1 Noordland May 8
Westernland ...April 19,Friesland -.". May 10
Kensington April 26 Southwark May IT
EMPIRE LIINE.
Seattle, St. Michael. Dawson City. - „ ; ,
For full information regarding freight and pas- ■
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery St., or any of its agencies. »:
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. jab.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. < X Kit Y>
from Pier 42, North River, foot of "*'*"*■
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. April 8; LA,
BRETAGNE. April 15; LA TOI'RAINE. April
22: LA GASCOGNE, April 29; LA NORMAN-
DIE May 6. First class to Havre, $6.' and up-
ward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond class to -Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction .
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowlinff-
Green, New York. .1. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pa-
cific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHaT:
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1p- m - tof°
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai. a-nd o r ;
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day o .
of sailing. . » ° o '
NIPPON MARTT Wednesday. April II
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May \,-
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. June "».
Round trio tickets at reduced rates. •> For
freight and passage apply at company's of flee,
421 Market street, corner First. . ° °" '
I W. B. CURTIS. General Agent. ;
»IMHUI4 The S. S. Australia -
l&flHIft! Falls for Honolulu
i*Bl "*• Wednesday, April 5, .
8M i .- at 2 p. m.
m.LjS — t* at 2 P 's m ' o Mariposa
JSjWnrchinc) *ails vla Honolulu
GXCdIIDIIIU 0 -' an ci Auckland . for
CcMPIWU^ Sydney ■ Wednesday,
ts^*. vyiiipaiusr A prU - 19 at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Bamoa. New Zealand, Australia, India, Sue*.
England, etc. $610 first' class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St
HOLLAND=AMERICA LINE.
NEW YORK -ROTTERDAM, VIA BOU-
logne. The Short Route to Paris «
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
(8300). STATENDAM (10.500). First Cabin. &0
upward; Second Cabin, $37. ' ._-—%«-.
Saloon steamers MAASDAM, SPAARNDAM.
etc.. $37.
Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THOS. COOK & SON. Pacific Coast Passenger
Agente*. 621 Market Street. San Francisco. .
BAY AND BIVEH STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m., 3:15, S:3O p. m. (ex. Thurs, night): Friday*
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., S p. m.
Landing and office. Mlssion-at. Dock. Pier No.
2. Telephone Main ICOS.
i FARE 60«LEFT FOR THE
DECISION OF
HUNTINGTON
Will Act on the Grain
Rate Case.
SITUATION IS COMPLICATED
THE CO3IMISSIONEBS AT SEA
AMONG THEMSELVES.
An Interesting Session Promised,
With a Three-Cornered Contest
Between the Members in
Prospect.
-. ;■ i P. Huntington. president, and
General Thomas H. Hubbard, vice presl
.-:-:-.'. of the Southern Pacific Company,
Tv'il decide whether or not the suit of that
poration against the State Board of
Railroad Commissioners is to be dismissed
■ a compromise effected with the com
riiissioh en the basis of an 8 per cent re
daction in grain rates. This information
rcmes from an absolutely reliable source.
;•. was further stated that the present
>]!spositJon and policy of the railroad com
pany i* to fight the case to a conclusion
in the courts in its merits.
F>o;h the gentlemen named are due to
'arrive in this city early next week to take
; ■.:! in the annual flection of directors
.-: the Southern Pacific Company, to be
14 Id on April 5. As the action of the Rail
: .-..; Commission will be largely depend
• nt on that of the railroad company, the
;.-i;.»fr must make a definite move before
-.he 10th of April, the date lixed by the
i intmissioii for final action. If the rail
road should determine not to dismiss the
s-uit -rt-t I tie time, the position of the com
mission will be peculiar.
Ai its last meeting it decided to rescind
;he resolution, of the former commission
■ whkh involved it in the present litigation,
provided an S per cent reduction in grain
r&.tfcs were made by the railroad company.
.Vijt commission, in fact, conditioned one
pita upon another, and the precedent con
<:::ion is controlled by the Southern Pa
f.fic Company. If the latter does not take
stfej^s to have the injunction against the
commission dissolved, the commission will
be unable to make the proposed reduction
in grain rates, the resolution of the old
beard will have to stand and the pending
iiiigation necessarily be continued. These
are the expressed views of Commissioner
Laumeister, but they do not accord with
those of the two other Commissioners.
' Commissioner Blackstock believes that
the- commission of which he is a member
actually rescinded the resolution of the
old board, and thereby removed all cause
for litigation. His attitude was clearly
<-nui:eiated in an interview had with him
at. Los Angeles a few days ago. wherein
Jie. ; used the following language: "Our
• ''hrd will meet in San Francisco on April
:,'. at which time all the litigation which
] a* for years been on between the board
ivn<l the Southern Pacific Company will
be formally ordered dismissed. "
, .-Blackstock's idea is that on the aban.
dantnent of the defense of the suit insti
tuted by the Southern Pacific Company
that corporation will make no contest
, ever the proposed reduction In grain
rates. If Blacfcstock'a plan Is carried out
.the costs of the pending suit will fall
•upon the people, while if the programme,
;as -understood by Laumeister, is put
the Southern Pacific will have to
■ft-and the costs.
■•" -Commissioner Edson has' the unusual
l : coarage to admit that he was bunkoed
r : when he was Induced to vote for the am
/bfguous resolution contrived by the joint
;-efforts of Blackstock and Laumeister,
= and at the forthcoming meeting he in
:. tends to repudiate that document.
.For these reasons the approaching
;."s>ssion of the commission promises to be
one of the most interesting in its his-
HARBORED BURGLARS.
Mistake Made by C. Peters in Sub
letting One of His Booms.
: , C. • Peters, 332»i O'Farrell street, swore
-to. a. complaint in Judge Mogan's court
yesterday for the arrest of Frank Hcaley
and two other men on a charge of bur
glary. The warrant was placed in the
•; hands .of Detectives Crockett and Silvey.
...Pt'ters rents three rooms at the house
snd a fey.- days ago he sublet one of the
■ rooms to the three men. Monday morn- ,
iog he discovered some burglars' tools in
•the room occupied by the men and he at
' once. told them to get out.
: ' They left, but returned Wednesday dur
l ing Peter's absence and FtoJe a lot of
bis clothing which he values at $50.
CaC » _
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Swimming, Russian, hot
isl<i cold tub baths. Salt wntpr direct from ocean.
REPORTED DEAD, BUT
IS VERY MUCH ALIVE
I 4 Questionable Joke Played on a
E "Party Wire" Telephone at the Ex-
I ;y pense of W. JJ. Lange.
1 V/TANY a subscriber has cursed the "party wire" inaugurated some time
g M ago by the telephone cursed the -party wire" inaugurated some time
ago by the telephone monopoly, but none more tnoro » ghl} ' * n< * {[J™.
5 V the heart than William A. Lange. contractor", carpenter and builder
I JL " J - at 515 Pine street. Through it he was reported dead and lost a val
-6 oabl« contract In consequence. The Joker who sent the message along the
1 wire will fare badly if Mr. Lange learns his name.  ■ , t
% : -A couple of days ago one of the wholesale grocery houses wanted a lot
I of carpentering done. Lange had done their work before and he was at
i> once telephoned for. "Central" made the connection and some one else on
6. t?e "Party wire" answered. The conversation that followed was something
t like thi.-:
3 "IB . Mr. Lange?"
H "No- do you want Mr. Lange very much?" ■
I '■ "Yes; I want him and want him in a hurry. Tell him to come to the
' "phone." , ,
i "Wait a minute. Haven't you heard the news?"
E » "Xo; what news?"
3 . "Why Mr Lange dropped dead at 12 o'clock to-day. 1 - ..
% *-° "My God! you don't tell me so. Why. I saw him at 10 o'clock. Good-by.
$ .„ Inside of half an hour the news of Mr.Langc's death had spread all over
5 Kearny Montgomery. Pine and California streets, and each business man
t pdol timer was asking how and where the thing happened. A crowd soon
3 gathered around Lange'a shop and commented upon his horse buggy
* Ktnrdine in 'he street and his lap robe, whip and gloves lying on the desk
? inside the door, waiting for the owner, who. as they thought, would never
t h esTnUy a a' heavy set man began shouldering his way through the
5 crowd and when he got near the door asked. "What's the matter here any
£ how?"
I \ ' ::^ i^Tne^ ?^r^!ir!?^rep^»wel.. I'm Mr. Lange and
\ J d^en°?he V mT^^\^n a tr^^d^^f 1? M, Lange an, several friends
I bPd been for over an hour in the drug store on the corner of Kearny and
R ißnorancc of what the "party wire" was responsible for, he went back to
n Ir ignoVicc 0* what the "narty wire" was responsible for. he went back to
I h?s sho P to be told of his own sudden death. For two hours the manner in
% which the story had got into circulation was a mystery to him. Then he
* happened into the grocery store and the whole thing was explained Not bo
? SShone Part of it. however. The company made an Investigation, but
I which one of the half dozen who used the line sent the infamous message
f' ceuld not be discovered. "'';'■:' ;:■.''.•■■'  '■>
I • The worst feature of the case was .that the grocery firm, thinking Mr
* Lan-e dead telephoned for another carpenter and gave him the job. The
I m?n"who sent the news of Land's sudden death across the wire had bet
\ -ter keep oiT that line lor some months to come, as his voice may be recog
\ rlted.
FIRST DAY OF THE ANGLING SEASON.
HOW JO REACH
J.HE PLACES
WHERE
Q/\JViy TROUT
/\W/\IJ
WORJ^I /\JMD FLy.
JHE BEST STREAMS TO FISH
f rare not, I, to fish in seas.
Fresh rivers best my mind do please.
' Izaak Walton.
THEY'RE off! Anglers, no matter
where they may be, always hail the
first of April with delight.
Trout fishing is a fascinating pas
time, and much has been said and writ
ten from time to time in praise of the
art and charms of angling.
For weeks before the opening day the
experienced angler takes great pleas
ure In preparing his tackle; he sees that
his rod is varnished, his reel oiled and
his flies and spoons are replenished.
When the first of April arrives he
feels that he must don his fishing suit
and hie himself to his favorite stream,
and if it should be high and the pros
pects poor, he has at least the satisfac
tion of having had a pleasant outing.
Last Saturday a weekly sporting pa
per contained the following notice:
"We trust that anglers who fish on the
first will report their takes. A postal
card from each, designating the local
ity, files used, number and average size
of fish killed, etc., will enable us to
make a pleasant rod column the fol
lowing week."
Ask any angler a few days prior to
the opening day where he Intends fish
ing on the first, and his answer inva
riably will be, "I haven't made up my
mind yet."
All anglers are to a marked degree
selfish in this particular and are not
prone to tell any one the stream or
creek they intend fishing.
The angler, however* is a different be
ing on a stream, as he is generally lib
eral to a fault. W hen brothers of the
rod meet they usually first exchange
compliments, the flask then follows and
that means a toast to pleasure and suc
cess. Your newly formed acquaintance
may show you his catch— that is. if he
has any fish worth showing; but you
will have to be very intimate before he
will tell you the location of the pool
or pools they had been taken from.
As a rule, the fly fisherman, so-called,
looks upon bait fishers with scorn, and
there are quite a number of "flymen"
who will tell yol without a smile that
they never used bait of any kind.
Suppose a fly fisherman is fishing
down stream and casts his fly in the
tail of a ripple and a beauty of say
THE SA^ FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 31, 1899.
two or three pounds rises to it, but
misses. As a rule the whipper will give
up in disgust after making a few in
effectual trials and pass on to the next
->00l or ripple. If he knew anything of
bait fishing he would remove the fly,
put on a No. 10 hook with a small piece
of fish as bait attached, drop It in the
pool and stand back the length of the
rod from the edge of the water, Keep
ing the bait In motion. The lure is al
most certain to be taken, and after a
sharp struggle the fish is landed. Plac
ing the beauty in his basket the prac
tical angler proceeds on his way, re
joicing in the fact that he knows a
little something about bait fishing.
A good mode of bait fishing a small
stream is to use only one hook and no
sinker. Attach the hook to a three
foot leader and with about twenty-five
or thirty feet of line out let the current
carry it downstream. If you are using
light tackle and should hook a fair-sized
fish, it will take considerable skill to
handle the prize successfully.
Of course, compared with fly or spoon
fishing— to use a common expression
bait fishing "is not in it."
The angler who can handle a rod deft
ly and drop a fly on any desired spot at
from thirty-five to fifty feet distant can
be considered an artist in the full sense
of the word. -•-:--.. ; ...
The Sari Francisco Fly-casting Club of
this city can boast of quite a number
of such experts, viz: Walter D. Mans
field, H. C. Golcher, H. Battu. T. W.
Brotherston, G. C. Edwards. E. Ever
ett, A. E. Lovett, E. A. Mocker. H. F.
Muller, F. H. Reed. H. E. Skinner. A.
T. Vogelsang, C. G. Young, etc. In fact,
the president of the club, Walter D.
Mansfield, Is the long-distance cham
pion fly-caster of the world. There are
other members, however, following
closely in his footsteps, one being Harry
C. Golcher, who made a cast the other
day of 118:6 feet.
The San Francisco Fly-casting Club
Is an excellent school for the amateur,
as he will learn much of the art of fly
tasting if he will visit Stow Lake, in the
park grounds, on Saturday afternoon
or Sunday morning during the summer
months.
Quite a number of local creek-tramp
ers have in the last few years taken
kindly to spoon fishing. Such fishermen
as Al Wilson, Charles Precht, Del Coop
er, Charles Cate, H. Battu and Louis
Rondeau will tell you that it is equally
as good sport as fly fishing.
Now, then, for April Fool's day.
Should the weather be unfavorable for
an outing in the country, where flowers
and fishes abound, the exodus of an
BOLD DAYLIGHT ROBBERY
OF A BANK MESSENGER
THIEVES GET
AWAY WITH A
SACK OF COIN
They Secure $2500
■ ■■ j ■ ■■.
in Gold.
Through the clever and successful op
eration of two bold thieves the Anglo-
Callfornlan Bank was yesterday robbed
of $2500. The crime was committed In
broad daylight and on one of the busy
thoroughfares of the city. It was evi
dently the result of a well laid plan, and
the police at a late hour last night were
working on the case without any indica
tions of success crowning their efforts.
During the morning the bank sent some
shipments of coin to the office of Wells,
Fargo & Co.'s express in the wagon of
the bank, which was driven by the regu
lar messenger of the institution, Joseph
N. Waters, who has been in the employ
of the bank for the last fifteen years.
When Waters was on Second street,
near the express office, which is at the
corner of Second and Mission streets, he
was accosted by a stranger and asked
the way to the Grand Hotel. He informed
the stranger and then drove on to his
destination. While unloading the vehicle
he discovered that a sack containing
$2500 in gold coin was missing. This is
the story told by Waters to P. N. Lilien
thal, the president of the bank, as soon as
he returned, which he did without loss of
time.' He believes that while he was talk
ing to the stranger a confederate of the
latter sneaked up in the rear of the
wagon and abstracted the sack of money.
The police were immediately informed
of the occurrence, but have no clew to
the thieves, except a description of the
man who stopped Waters to inquire the
wav to the Grand Hotel.
waters is an old man, who lives in
Oakland, and has always rendered faith
glers from the city will not be heavy,
but then there are among the fraternity
a class known as thoroughbreds, who
never miss wetting a line on the inau
gural day of the trout season. In fact,
the thoroughbreds would feel disgusted
and weary if. by some reason, they were
compelled to remain Indoors. Doubt
less the weather may not be suitable
for fishing to-day, still it is safe to say
that there will he quite a number of
rods seen on creeks that are within
easy reach of this city. The veteran
angler need not be informed as to the
most inviting streams, but the amateur
will look to The Call for information,
and for his special benefit the following
streams are recommended: San Pablo,
Wildcat, Redwood Canyon, Sausal, Cal
averas and Alameda. Wildcat Creek
clears rapidly. There are some nice
pools on Sausal Creek up in Diamond
Canyon. Follow the creek up from High
street' bridge, Alameda. The Calaveras
is an excellent stream: also the Ala
meda, but they will be somewhat late
this season on account of the recent
rains. However, they will probably be
in condition by May l.
Smiths Creek, in Santa Clara, is a
good early stream. The Guadaloupe Mine
Creek, Los Gatos, Saratoga and Ste
phens . creeks are all fine streams and
Within easy distance of Los Gatos.
There are quite a number of excellent
mountain streams in San Mateo County.
One of the best Is rtWe Purlsslma. Take
the train to San Mateo, stage to Span
ishtown, and .if you will notify Mrs.
Dougherty she will send a team for you,
or if you will take the morning train
the Mage will take you through. The
San Gregorio is another good stream.
The La Honda, another favorite. is on
the same road. Further south are the
Lobitos, Pompano. Pescadero and Clear
Creeks, all of which are excellent early
streams.
Boulder Creek. Bear Creek. Kings
Creek and the San Lorenzo River are
all excellent streams. The three former
are early waters. Good fishing can be
had on the San Lorenzo during the en
tiro season with either fly or spoon.
Benn's royal coachman is a killer on the
Lorenzo.
Sonoma Creek affords excellent sport
throughout the season. Fish up from
the town of Sonoma. There are several
small streams emptying into the Sono
ma, especially those In the vicinity of
Glen Ellen.
Latest reports from Hopland and Clo
verdale state that the creeks are in
good shape.
Salmon Creek and Mud Creek, in Ma
rin County, are good early streams. To
reach Salmon Creek take the North Pa
cific Coast over to Bodega roads; it is
ful service to his employers, and no sus
picion is said by them to attach to him.
FOR EASTERN GUESTS.
Reception in Honor of Prominent
Church Workers From Detroit.
The ladies of the deaconess" bureau of
the Women's Home Missionary Society
tendered a delightful reception to Mrs.
Jane Bancroft Robinson and her sister.
Miss Henrietta Bancroft, at the residence
of Mrs. Rolla V. Watt yesterday after
noon between the hours of 2 and 5
Twenty ladies of the. bureau acted as
a reception committee and welcomed
those assembled in the visitors' honor.
The home was prettily decorated with
a wealth of seasonable flowers and the.
afternoon was spent in music and con
versation.
Mrs. J. R. Simms, president of the local
bureau, and Rev. J. X. Beard, dean of
the bureau, spoke words of welcome.
Mrs. Robinson, who is the organizer of
the deaconesses' movement in the United
States and has charge of the work in
Detroit. Michigan, told of the work she
had accomplished.
Bflsfl Bancroft, field secretary, also had
much of interest to say.
THE CASE AGAINST
LIEUTENANT NEALL
FURTHER CHARGES CONCERN
ING THE OFFICER.
They Relate to Deception and False
hood, but Their Exact Nature
Is a Secret.
The court-martial formed to try Lieu
tenant Neall for his delinquencies or
ganized yesterday morning, hut pro
ceeded no further. The accused was not
even arraigned. The charges again.st
him were presented but were not read,
and as they had been somewhat altered
and other specifications had been added,
Crittenden Thornton, counsel for the ac
cused, asked for a continuance of a
week.
In making his request Mr. Thornton
called attention to the fact that he had
been only recently retained and he had
not had sufficient time to prepare him
self on the charges as originally served.
Just before the court convened, he said,
the charges had been amended and oth
era had been added, and he had been able
DON'J FORQEJ
yOUR FLAS)<,
ALSO
YOUR LU^CH
/IND A
QOOD-BY, DEAR.
a pleasant walk of six miles to the 4
stream. To reach Mud Creek, get off (
the train after crossing the trestle at -»
Tomales and fish up stream. ... (
Those who can spend a few days In ■*
the neighborhood of Cazadero will be (
well repaid. Austin, a quickly clearing -<
stream, Is only about fifteen minutes' £
walk from the station. Kidd Creek and _,
old Bridge Creek, tributaries of the .
Austin, are good early streams and can '
be easily reached from Cazadero. A six- *
mile drive from Cazadero will bring you €
to the Little Gualala, which is an ex- -<
cellent early stream. Freezeout Creek, (
Willow Creek. Sheephouse Creek, How- „
ards Creek, Russian Gulch and Jennie c
Gulch Creek are all good early streams 
and are within easy distance of Dun- c
cans Mills. A
From reports recently received the <
San Geronimo, Lagunitas and Paper ■*
Mill are clearing rapidly, and in all {
probability the trout will take the fly •*
on the opening day. (
The local anglers who have signified -
their intention of celebrating All Fools' i
day on the trout streams in the near-by "
counties are: John Gallagher, O. Brans- i
dorf. Al Smith, Frank Vernon, J. A. -
Pariser, J. R. Tyson. E. W. Currier, I. i
W. Dickinson, Fred B. Surryhne. J. B. -
Gilbert. Dr. W. E. Brooks. Captain (
Charles Kimball. R. E. A. Isenbruck, D. -
Cooper, Alex 8. Ireland, Frank Hall, A. ,
E. Lovitt, H. C. Golcher. James Chesley, '
Billy Chambers, Lloyd Eaton, John But- "
ler, Frank Marcus. R. Terry. Charles <
H. Kewell, John Kennedy, "Wax End" -
Mead, Frank Rumpf, Henry J. Herzog, <
Charles Precht, Charles Briedenstein, ,
Rod McKenzie, W. A. L. Miller, Frank (
Dolllver, John Lawrence, O. Musser, Jack -
Lemmer, W. B. Cameron, A. Banker, (
Al Newman, L. H. Pockman. H. Battu, -
J. H. Gam mi, A. Lorsbach, John Fuller, (
Fted McGregor, "Doc" Simpson. Henry -
Hanson. Clifton Brooks, Sam Husrhes, (
Will Kittle. Charles Cate, H. F. Muller, -
George J. Stoll, James S. Turner, G. C. i
Edwards, W. D. Mansfield. Judge John „
Hunt. E. A. Mocker, F. H. Reed, A. V ,
Vogelsang. C. G. Young, J. J. Fat jo. E. *
Everett, T. W. Brotherton, Howard Ver- "
non, Theodore A. Eisfeldt. GuyY.Ekrl, '
James Allen, Walter W. Hunt,' J. 11". -*
Moffltt Jr., Dr. Charles L. Morgan, A. B. (
Finch, James Watt and E. Kolb. ,
Lloyd Eaton, John Butler, Frank Mar- <
cus and Professor Terry will fish April l ,
and 2 in the lagoon on the San Gregc- <
rlo. ,
Charles H. Kewell, John Kennedy, i
"Wax End" Mead, Frank Rumpf and
Henry J. Herzog will fish the Lagunitas <
Creek from the bridge below Llberrys tD "
the tankhouse. <
to give them only the most casual ex
amination. Two specifications had also
been added to the former list, he said,
one attempted and actual deception and
falsehood to lieutenant Floyd W. Har
ris, Fourth Cavalry, adjutant of the
post, in an official matter. The second
referred to the same offense committed
against Lieutenant T. H. Sladens. quar
termaster of the Fourth Cavalry. Mr.
Thornton also referred to the fact that
certain specifications alleged deception
against Colonel Charles E. Comptpn,
Fourth Cavalry, who is now in Hawaii,
and he said Lieutenant Neall was un
willing that the charges should be dis
missed or passed owing to the absence
of Colonel Compton or that they should
be investigated without Colonel Compton
being present to testify. If the postpone
ment should be granted he was sure the
case would then continue until the re
turn of Colonel Compton.
The room was closed, the court con
sidered the application, and then it was
announced that the time asked for had
been granted.
Every officer was in full dress uniform
when the court was called to order. Th»
Judge Advocate. Captain Robert H.
Nobb, administered the oath to the pres
ident and members of the court, and
then the president administered the oath
to the Judge Advocate. The court was
composed of the following officers:
Lieutenant - Colonel Henry Wagner,
Fourth Cavalry, president: Major FVId,
Second Artillery; Major Guy L. Edie
brigade surgeon United States Volun
teers; Captain Sedgwlck Pratt, Third Ar
tillery; Captain Henry C. Danes, Third
Artillery; Captain Isaac P. Ware, assist
ant surgeon; Captain Frank Greene.
Signal Corps; First Lieutenant William
S. McNair, quartermaster Third Artil
k-ry.
Neall was asked if he had any objec
tions to any officer serving on the court,
and Mr. Thornton announced thnt th«»
accused was satisfied. Then it was that
Thornton made his application for time,
and when it had been granted he asked
that Neall, who is now confined to his
quarters, be given the liberty of the post.
This was denied by the court, as the
president stated that such matters were
not within the court's jurisdiction. Then
an adjournment was taken until next
Thursday at 11 o'clock.
The request for more liberty was after
ward made to Colonel Wagner, as com
mandant of the post, and it will probably
be acted upon to-day.
Wlisma SHRDLU nnd when the man fro
Robs the Poor Boxes.
John Fitzpatrick, a tough old tramp,
w;is yesterday sent to the County Jail
for six months by Judge Mogan on a
charge of petty larceny. He was ar
rested at tho Paulist Church on Cali
fornia and Dupont streets, where he had
stolen silver candlesticks. The police
stated that the' old man systematically
robbed poor boxes and he admitted that
he had been arrested several times for
petty larceny and vagrancy.
For Stealing a Pig.
Charles Jackson, Robert Hansen and
John Linartinl, the three boys charged
with burglary tor stealing a pig from
the ranch of John de Santl. Butcher
town, were in Judge Graham's court yes
terday. None of the parents of the boys
appeared and the case was again con
tinued until to-day. Hanstn is known as
a chicken thief and has twice escaped
from the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society.
Rear Admiral Schley writes about
the most thrilling moment of his life,
in next Sunday's CalL
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
H Eppinger Jr. Cal IB Parker, Detroit
E F Rink, Pa (Mrs R Parker. Detroit
R E Jack. San Luis Mrs E Brodwcll.S Or-
J B Fari.^h. rvnver i ange
T A Dean. Chicago ! Ml«a Wardwell, S Or-
D Marc. Moscow ange
O P Jenkins. Stanford Mrs E D Matthews,
C L Flack, St.>ckti)ti ! Dtlca, 111
J \V Smith. Colorado IDr G G Graham. Pa
H Ro^onsiein, N V I Mra G ' : Graham, Pa
X W Runyon, Cal ■ H Hapmann, N 1
D F Daniels, Wash G W Wood. Plttsburg
A Campbell. Shanghai Mr? (1 W Wood, Pa
R Nixon, Portland F M Carnegie, Pa
E O McCoy. Oregon IE G Blackford. N i
Mrs E O McCoy. Oreg j Mrs E G Blackford.
C S Mellen. St Paul ! N V
Mrs C S Mellen. St P Miss ETackford, N i
Miss Raymond, St I' Miss Ada Blackford.
H A Deiibian. St Paul N V
M L Lautk-ker, NY J M Leavitt, Boston
L M Bushn. 11. Chicago G J Kadderly, Stanfd
Mrs H D Worthington, ■ M Meber, Texas
Ohio ' Mrs M BCi ber, Texas
•Miss Worthington. Ohl C Hoik, Mexico
S S Bellmer, L Ang G Oliver. N V
J R Forest. N T Mrs <; Oliver, N V
C A Caruthers, Ky G II McDowell. N V
H A MclntOSb, fhgo Mrs C H McDowell,
G G Quincy. B.^ton i N V
H W Aldis. NY R C Vilas. riii'-aRO
r a Caldweil, N V Mrs it C Vilas, <"iigo
Mrs W R Whiteheai, Miss Vilasfl Chgd
Denv.T - X Vilas. Chgo
Miss Whitchcad. Deny \V A Vilas, Chicago
Sir T Syk-'s. Mexico I, Vilas, Chicago
R Cholmondley Mcx L S Vilas. Chicago
H Simpson, Mexico Mrs J X Armsby, Chg
(» W Fly, N V W Ii Brtdffman, Cal
Mrs G W Ely. N V Mrs w II Powers. NY
Miss Ix>we, N V Miss O H Powers, NY
Miss F French, Ohio L Powers. N V
Miss I. C Stevens. N V o w Powers, N V
Marquis D Pallaircino, Mrs J A Drake. Cliro
Italy Miss L X Thomas,
Lieut A Pallaircino, Chicago
Italy Mrs A L Berry, Me
Dr G Perranrfo. Italy A 1. Berry, M
L English. Italy Mrs J Westqn, Maine
Co] J A Hardin. Cal Miss X J Weston, Me
Mrs .T A Hardin. Cal Miss M Weston, Me
Miss E Hardin. Cal I
GRAND HOTEL.
D Goodsell. Portland |W T Johnson, Oakvll
F Dulmaine. Grass Va Miss !. Mullery, S Rafl
L F Brennen. Sacto J II Ewanton. S Cruz
,T a Baker, Chgo J A McGowan & w, f)
E L Foster. Vallejo 3 A A'iains &- W, S J
ii v Woodward, N V Mrs \V X Jenkins, S J
F II Green. S Rafael C McCracki
T G Phelps. S Carlos J> 1" Lowe San Juse
J D McGllbery, Colo H Block, L \t\k
3 C Edwards. S Jose ; B Grnfdee, chgo
W F Gebhanl. Eureka R W Skinner. Marysv
H A Johns A- w, Chgo M Abrams. Santa Cruz
C X Woodruff. N ,V IE Swinford, Colusa
F. G McCoy & w, Tex W 1! de .T:irratt. CaJ
C W Hotchktss. Conn I.T Loch, Williams
II N Savage, Natnl Cy Mrs 1> Vmiclman, Valj
F L Baker, L Ang E W Vest. St Louis
.1 Mier, Los Angeles T s Skinner &w. Port
r A Barlow A- w. 11l 1 Huron
W Ii Rodgers, Cal D Campbell, L Ang
B J Lvnn ,V- w rtali U Mayer, Santa Rosa
T M McCain .£ w, Chg Miss F Compton, Mass
Mrs A Compton, Mass I H A Bey, Chl
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P Holmes. St Paul IC Montalne, Riverside
C W Sears, Utah G Smailman, Portland
J Burmeister S Jose Z E Bucknter, Cl
: J Burgess, L Ang Miss Wheelwright, H I
i H w Plumer, Cal Miss Engelsbee'. Cal
1 A Shapley, Fresno J Mdretta, S Jose
j W -I Sterling, Manila IE Van Hynrn, N V ■
\ Furse. Enirbnil W Ebert, Ariz
p ,\,Hv T ; Gat of M Williams, Fresno
/^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JjL-rtg&jjfa 625 KEABKY ST. Established
ftS*?*^*?* In I>»s* for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
B2SKEABNY.ST. K.stabllsbed
In ISS4 for the treatment of Private
I>iseuses. Los*. Manhood. Debility or
KBWraSts^tjSk disease wearing on hodyand mintland
Skin Diseases, l'he doctor cures
others fail. Try him. Charges low
ygBBBcSCSgI rurntgiisrantffd. Callorwrita
»r. J- F- GIBBON. Box 13S7.Sau Francisco
. BAILBOAK TBAVEL.
-
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives in Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday-Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
m FRANCISCO ticket office— ki market si.
KPT-TONE main IBJI.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento — 201 J Street.
Ban Jose Office— Ws3t Santa Clara St.
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAB
M*MpjJ4*sß Union Pacific,
BBS?' Union Pacific*
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 3% DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco dally at 6 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street. San FrancUoo.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAiLROAU.
VJn Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
P " AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— "7:2O. •3:30, 11:00 a. m.; *1:45,
1-45 5:15, *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafae! on Mon-
days Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «S:OO, '10:00. *U:3l) a. m. ; *l:lo.
1:00, »4:8O, 6:15 p. m. ■■■■:•■
• Trains marked * run to Han Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:25. «8:35. 7:45. «3:80 ft. m.
''eXTBa' TRIPS ' oV' Mondays. Wedn-sdayt
KXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and" Saturdays at 6:40 p. *\'i:oo. mtU a. m. ;
SUNDAYS-6:I0. '3:09. '10:00, '11:55 a. m.:
•1:15, »3:10. 4:40. •6:20 p. m
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM 'VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:<5. 6:45. .7:55. 8:40 a. m.;
S2-38. 2:45. 3:50. G. 20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
"^/DAYB-8:00. 7 i0!05 a"™.: 12:05. 1:20. 3:20.
1:00. 8:20 p. HROUGH TRAIKB .
720 a m. week days— Caiadero and way sta'ns.
1:43 p. it. Saturdays— Mills and way
1:20 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a,
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIIf
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S. 1899. trains will run as foUow«|
' South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- j Mixed. Mixed. I Passen-
ger. | Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. [Exo'ptd Exc'pid Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 8:45 pm! 8:00 pm
1:10 am 2:05 pro Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 ami B:SS pm Fresno I 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:99 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am! 1:45 pro
2:28 pm 12:30 am Bakersfield 2:00 am ill. am
11:68 ara 6:25 pm VlsAlla 6:40 ami 1:22 pm
12:15 pm! 6:53 pmi TuUrc 8:50 am' 1:06 pm
' Stopping at intermediate points as required. '
For particulars of stare and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
art. 2»b Francis co.
'.UOUItT TAMALPAiS SCENIC RAILWAY..
(Via Sausalito Terry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
B«pt. 11. 1S98; - "" •' . *"
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, 51.
THOS. C4X>K * SON. Ager.ta. «31 Marks*
»tre«t. Ban Francisco. , :- ,
AUCTION SA^ 3^
BICYCLE RIDERS,
ATTENTION!
THIS DAY.
FRIDAY, MARCH 31, 1899,
At 11 o'clock a. m. .
At Our Salesrooms, by Catalogue
SPECIAL AND PEREMPTORY SALE OF
150 NEW AND STRICTLY HIGH-GRADE
WHEELS!
LADIES' AND GENTS' MODEL. 1599
To be sold without limit or reserve. Dealer*
and prospective purchasers will rind it to high-
Interest to attend this sale. Wheels are high-
grade and In perfect condition. „•„__>, «o
Wheels -on exhibition THURSDAY, March 30,
18 "' DAVIS, BELAU & CO.. Auctioneers^
DAVIS. BELAU & ' n - f>er »- -
ELEGANT FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (FRIDAY), AT 11 A. M.
CORNER SIXTEENTH AND SANCHEZ BTB.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 667 Market. _
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
KOIJTHKKN rACiriC COMI-AStT.
(PACiriC SYMTKM.)
•*" vi l««i»*«> J»ml »■■«• •'«•«• •*» i»i'rl»w nt
" FU "* MAM VKAtiVISVA*.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
LEAVE - From March 29, 1889. - ARRITK
•«:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... '*■*%*
7:0Oa Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... o--»op
7:00* MarysTille. Oro»Uleand Kedding via
Woodland m'.Vt,*
7:00 k Klmira, Vacaville and Ruiusej.. M " r
7:»O\ Martiuei.SauHamon,Vallejo. IMapa, ,_
raiisU>ea»n.l Santa R0aa......... 2;!»;
S:OOa Atlantic Kxpress. Og.lou and Kant.. »•*•>?
k:3Ot Sun Jose, LiTermore, Stockton,
lone. Hacramento. PlacerrUle. _
MMyarnie. Chico, U.-.l Ulult *****
M:3oa •Milton, Oakdale and 50n0ra....... '• :lo . p
9:00 a Martinez, Tncy, Lathrop, Stockton, ._
Merced and Fretuo 19-.IST
»iO«a Fresno, l!ak<-rsii«M. Santa lUrl.*ra.
Los Angeles. Dealing. El Paso,
New Orleans and East 5 : 1?
IO:OOa Vullr jo. Martinez and Way Stations t:+>*r
12:OOM NUes, LiTermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento. Meudota, Hanford, Visalia,
PorterTille .J 1 !?'
I # l:OOp Sacramento Uiier Steamers ■■ »•«""
•»:OOpM(irtinei, San Uaiiion, Vallejo. _,_ A
Nap», UalUtnga, Sauta Kosa 3:10*
4:«»r Benicia, VacaTille, Hacrßinento,
Woodland. Knights Landing. ._-_
MaryeTllle, OroTill« '2 : ,2*
4 :30r Niles, Han. and Stockton ....... '•«'
S:OOpSan Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bak»rsSeld, ban-
.- ta Barbara, Los Angeles . . . ...... »:«A
•ISiOOr Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rook, St.
Louis, Chicago and East a* ■***
»:aOp Stockton, Meroed, Fre«uo J*:l»r
3:»Op Martinez, Tracy, M.-n.lota. Jresno,
Mojave and hoi Angeles Si*i»A
SiSOp HauU Vn Konte. Atlantis Kxpreis
f..rM(.Ja»» and Kaat 2 : 2? P
tt:OOr Knrope.iu Mail. <>«.lei. and ICast.... *••***■
8:« Op Haywardß, Niles and Han Jose ' •■+*<
•«:«Or Vullejo ./....;:... I*u «P
{7:O»p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tloun J»:**r
l:(l«r Oregon lixj^rwis.Sacraiiieiiti), Marys-
■ ville. Ke.l.lliiK. l'..rtlaii(l, Pnget
Hound ami Ksst Ssl»A
aIO:OSp Sunset Limited. Fresno. I. OS
Angeles, £1 Pa«o, New Orleans
| ancf East ■ el:4sp
SAN LKANIHtO AM» lIATWABOS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
"1 Metros, Scmlniirj I'nrk, (
»-OOa I Kltrliliurp, Kliulmrst, 6:*."i»
<tt:OOA San l.cnnilro, Sonlli Kan 1*9:43*.
lO.ooa j .I.«ainlro, »>t.B<llllo, !2«*
U 1:00 a Loremo. Cherry • \z l lil
7jo »' ! i Runs through to Niles. 7s *
; t Prom Niles. I
COAST lUTISION (Narrow «nnge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
Bil»ANewark,Centerrille.BanJose,Kelton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
Stations...... ;■■■ St9o *
! •2«15p Newark. OenterTille, San Jose, Itew
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way ._ _.
SUtions *« : 2A 4
4il3p Newark, Han Jose and Los Gatos... »:Zoa
1:1. "5 Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t^^O^
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
»r«mS*S raiKCisca— fool if M»rk»t Street <sii? —
•7:15 9:00 11:00a.h. 11:03 *2:00 t3:of
•4:00 t5:09 *8:00 rM.
| rr»mOiUHlD— Foot «f Broadwaj. — "6:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 »l:03 18:00 ; 3:03 14:03 »B:OQf.M.
COAST HI VISION (Broad «3ange).
I (Third and Towngend Sti.)
j 7SOOA Han .lose and Way Stations (New
Alniaden Wednesdays only) 1:39r
•io«a Han .lose. Tres IMnos. Hunt* Cruz,
I'acilic Uio»i), Paso Ruble*. San
Luis <H>is|.... Gnadalnps, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:10p
I 0:40 a San. lose and Way Stations "SiOOa
! I1:3Oa Han Jose and Way Stations Bi3sa
•2i45r San Mateo, Itedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Man Jose,
Gilrny, Hollister. Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
(iri) T e *IO:30a
•3«» Op San Jose and Way Stations *»:•«*
•I:15i- San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 0:45 a
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:35 a
3:30r San Joss an. 1 Principal Way Stations . 5:»o
«::iWr San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
: Ml:43r- San JoseamlWay Stations 7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•SinxUjrsencepted. 1 days only, f Saturdays on!/.
aSatardays. (Sundays.
CALIFOINIA NOHTHWESTEBN HT. CO.
LESSEE /: .
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIO
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Peppy. Foot of Market fit.
. BAN FRANCISCO TO SA-N T RAFABL.
*TEBK AYS— 7:BO. 9:00, llioo a. m. ; 12:3k.
1:10, 8:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdayß— trt»
at 11:30 p. in. Saturday's— Extra trips at 1:64
and U;tu p. ni. : . ;
(TOI)AT8- 9:M, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:M. J:^
»*O0,» t'.Zt) p. m.
BAM RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
♦VEEK DATS— «:IO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: U:«,
8:10, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips as
: 1:65 and 6:83 p. m.
Buy DAYS— B:I9, »:40, 11:16 a. m.; 1:4% I:<(V
: J:00 8:28 p. m. ,
Between San Francisco and Schu«ts«n Part*
fame eohedule as above.
1 7^aav» Arrive
' Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francieoc
, , October 16. • ■ ■ — — -
1 I Week I Sun- 1808. sun- i Week ,
Days. ' Pays. JDestinatlon. days. I days. ■
, 7-30 am 8 -CO am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
B:S')pm 8:30 am: Petaluma 8:10 pm!lO:l6 era
I 6:10 pm 5:00 pml Santa Itota. life pra t:jOfn
Fulton.
I fan am Windsor, 10lH am
Healdsburg;,
Lytton,
Geys»rvllle,
I:S0 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:86 pm «:H pm
Hopland and
7:30 am Ukiah. 7:g pm 8:« pm
T:Eoarn. 10:18 am
8:00 am GumarvUle. 7:85 pm
8:80 pm ,-; .; ; ;•;.•" 8:33 pirn
1:t0 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 3:40 am
and
j 6:10 prn 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm «tSlpm
! 7:30 ana! 8:00 urn 3»bastopol. 10:40 am 10:&3 am'
I ,8:30 pm }:00 prtil 7:36 pm 8:22 pra
i SUg-e« connect at Banta Roea for Mark Weetl
Iprings; at Lyttoh for Lytton Sprlnsa; at G«y-
perviUe for Skajrtfs BpriniD at Cloverdale tor
' the Gaysers; at Hopland for Duncan S&r!n£s.
! Hishltna Springs. Kelseyvirie, Carlsloa*
springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartl»t»
Spring-*; at t?klah for Moby Springs. Baratog*
Spring's. Blue Lakes, Laurel LVSJ Lake. Wltur
Fprlnje, Upper LaKe, Porno. Potter Valley,
. John D»rs. Riverside, Lierley's. Bucknell's.
fianhedrln Heights. HuUvlUe. Eoonevill*. Orr*«
Hot Spring*, Mendoclno City, Port Bras*.
weatpOrt. I*9Bl. Willitts. Laytonvflle, Qum«
! knlnra. B.eJVe Springs, Harrlt, Olwn'B. Dyer.
: jeetia and Eureka.
r Saturday to Monday round trip Uofcata at
; rcdiiced rate*.
i On Sundays round trip tickets to all paint*
beyond San Rafael at ha!? rates.
Ticket Offlotw, 650 Market st.. Chronicle bid*.
B. C. WHITING. R- X. RTAN.
' CUaasal Minazor. Gen. Pass A«.enJL
BUY A FARM FOR SILVER
AND SELL THE PRODUCTS FOR
GOLD.
YOU CAN DO IT IN
mExico,
i RAISING COFFEE, ORANGES, BAN.'.NAS
AND CATTLE.
THE MEXICAN CENTRAL STAND-
ARD GAUGE RAILWAY
i Reaches all the important points In the Re-
■ public.
Excursion tickets, limited nine months from
date of sale, may be purchased at any rail-
road ticket office.
Address the undersigned for descriptive mat-
'■ ter including "Facts and Figures About Mcx-
! ico." mailed free. - -^
i C. E. MINER.
General Western Agent, room 203 Houser build-
ing. St. Louis. Mo. ; -v'-
W. D. MTJRDOCK.
' Asst. Gea'l Pass. Act., City of Mexico. -
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
SEQUEL OF A
RACE TRACK
TOUT'S ARREST
Paul Kay Will Sue
the Sheriff.
RELEASED ON HABEAS CORPUS
RE WAS REARRESTED BEFORE
HE LEFT COURT.
Determined Effort of the District At
torney to Hold the Man Who
Stole Two Valueless
Pool Tickets.
Oakland Oriice San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March o".
Attorney L. < '. Pistoles! announced this
afternoon that he will sue Oscar L. Rog
ers, Sheriff of Alameda County, for $5000
damages for the illegal arrest of Paul
Kay, whose petition for release on a writ
of habeas corpus was granted by Judge
Ellsworth shortly after noon yesterday.
Kay is the man who over two months
ago was arrested on a charge of grand
larceny for stealing two valueless pool
tickets on the races at Emeryville from
one P. Wall. Thrice had
his former attorneys attempted to secure
his release on habeas corpus proceedings,
and thrice they failed. Attorney Pistolesi,
however, dared the fourth attempt anu
proved to Judge iiu.ll yesterday that the
original complaint in the Justices' Court
fatally defective. Judge Hall dis
d the charge, but remanded the pris
oner to the custody of the snenff ana or
. the District Attorney to apprise the
Grand Jury, with a view of securing
Kay's indictment.
r i lie alert attorney protested that his
client should be released. Judge Hall re-
I, and Pistolesi then sued out a fifth
writ of habeas corpus, which was heard
before Judge Ellsworth at noon to-day.
Judge Ellsworth held that Judge Hall
had no jurisdiction in remanding tne pris
under the circumstances, and or
dered his release. But before Kay had
got both feet outside the courtroom, and
while tv steppe.i into the corridor Deputy
Sheriff George Wales rearrested him
•without a warrant and "on the same
chargi declared. Kay was re-
Incarcerated at the instance of Sheriff
rs iin the advice of District Attorney
Allen.
Later Attorney Pistolesi appeared again
before Judge Ellsworth, apprising him of
Kaj. s rearrest, which he declared consti
tuted tl)e grossest contempt of court. He
Showed that tnere was no complaint, in
dictment or information filed against his
client, yet Jud^e Ellsworth declined to
aci further In the premises. As a linal
recourse Pistolesi went before Judge
Greene and sued out— for the sixth time—
a writ of habeas corpus for Kay's re
lease, on the ground that h>- was illegally
arrested. Judge Greene will hear this to
morrow morning, but intimated that he
would in all probability discharge the
prisoner. If so. Attorney Pistolesi will
then file a (3000 damage suit against Sher
iff Rogers and his bondsmen for the false
Imprisonment of his client. Should the
writ, however, be denied, the attorney
will sue out a writ before the Supreme
Court, and in case he is then confirmed
in his tenets he will likewise bring the
damage suit.
The District Attorney contends that
Kay is now held on suspicion of having
committed a felony, and a complaint will
be. filed, it is known that Mr. Wall. Kay's
alleged victim, has all along shown a dis
position not to force the prosecution of
his original charge.
LIVING PICTURES ARE
TURNED TO THE WALL
■
MR. MASON AND HIS FRIENDS
ABE TRIUMPHANT.
AJameda's Social Set Decides to Put
Proper Clothing on Its
Statuary.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
141^ I'ark Street, March 30.
Brainard C. Brown's onslaught on the
local school trustees has faded into in
significance in comparison with the pub
lic interest taken in P. B. Mason's cam- '
paign against living pictures. The edict
has gone Forth that even mention of Per
ham Nahl's living bronze statuary will
not be tolerated in the upper strata of
Kncinal society in which Mr. Mason
moves. Costly works of art In marble are
being appropriately draped and some
pictures that do not live are being turned
to the wall bo as not to shock the mod
esty of Mr. Mason and Flevnon Drake,
the Christ Church vestryman, whose
crusade against the real thing in statu
ary being exhibited at church socials is
the talk of the town— outside of th<
of course, of which the gentlemen are
honored members.
The ladies • : St. Agnes Guild, whose
Dtertainment was so cruehy
crushed by the opposition of the vestry
to the Xahl numbers on the programme,
«.re doing their best to maintain harmony
Jn the church, but Inwardly they are
nursing considerable disappointment and
chagrin. They refuse positively to give
an opinion of Mr. Mason <>v .Mr. Drake, i
but there is a look on their faces which
expresses in silence a great deal more
than they would .are to tell. TJjey sti !
insist that living pictures are neither de
moralizing nor Improper and are not out
of place at a church entertainment when
sandwiched in between a little music and
a few efforts at declamation. Mrs. if. k.
Osborn. president of the guild, steadfast
ly refuses to discuss the situation. The
other ladies of the organization are fol
lowing her example.
Mr. Mason has withdrawn his offer of
$20 for information leading to the iden
tity of the person who gave the story
out. He was in a more amiable mood
to-day than when seen last night by a
reporter. He is impressed with the idea
that lie has don< a great public service
In nipping the living pictures before they
donned their lights and coating of bronze,
and with this idea he i< satisfied to en
flure -ill f'i (> adverse comment that the
ladies may direct at him.
"1 will not make any defense of my ac
tion or stand in the matter.' said Mr.
Mason. "It is an affair that only in
terests the church, and the general pub
lic and the newspapers have no business
to meddle with it. At first I was anxious
to know who had let the secret out, but j
now 1 have come to the conclusion that !
the information would not interest me.
My side of the story needs no explanation
arid if it did I would not give it."
BYROD'S MARRIAGE DENIED.
A Nephew From Washington Is
After the Estate.
OAKLAND. March 30.— George R. Kr.s-
WOrtta Of Washington. D. C, lias author
ized Attorney Hiram Luttreil to contest
the claim of Frederick W. Byrod to the
estate of the late Sarah Byrod. Ens
worth declares he la the nephew and only
surviving relative of the deceased, next
of kin and sole heir of her whose name is
Sarah Byrne Ensworth. It is alleged in
the papers filed to-day that there never
was a marriage between Fred W. Byrod
and the deceased.
Bvrod. it is said. m*»t Mrs. Ensworth
in Washington when she was employed
in a Government office. They went away
together and came to Oakland many
yean ago. They separated, and six
months ago Mrs. Bvrod. who had been a
teacher in the Oakland public schools,
died and left an estate worth about $6000.
DECLARE GAGE
HAS FORGOTTEN
TOO SWIFTLY
City of Dr. Pardee Is
Cinched.
LEAVITT'S BILLS KILLED
FRANK JORDAN WINS HIS ONLY
BATTLE.
Even the Transposition of a Noted
Poem ueems to Have Slipped
the Memory of the
Governor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. March 30.
Oakland is in sackcloth and ashes. Sev
eral messages have been sent to Sacra
mento t"-day concerning the pocketing of
certain bills, and the answer has invari
ably been the same. Nut a single bill in
which Alameda County had an Interest
except one has become a law.
Governor Gage has not been generous
to the city wherein lives Dr. Pardee.
Many think he has not been ordinarily
kind' while iust a few think he has been
positively mean if not unjust. Among
this latter vlass it a host of disappointed
deputies, who were banking their all un
iln (iuvernor signing the many bills
amending the county government act.
Oakland will not have a harbor com
mission, the various departments of the
county government will haw to struggle
along" without assistance more than that
allowed two years ago, and even tht State
University is not to have Its new build
ing.
Yet Governor Gage is being highly com
manded for the relief he has affored Oak
land in one particular. For two years the
Unit- shivering daughters of John C. Pel
ton, the State's pioneer schoolteacher,
have been peddling their father's poems
on the trains, and they have been tol
erated in the hope that in the future
spine Legislature might grant the old
pt-dugogue relief. Governor Gagu has
bigned the bill granting Mr. Pelton $lUOU,
and for a year at least he will not be in
need. This may be a small return to the
party fur six months of shouting for Mr.
Gage, but it is better than nothing.
Tin' claims of Oakland certainly have
not received the recognition from the
Governor to which many think they are
entitled. At the last Republican State
convention everybody knows what Ala
rh.da County did. A large portion of it
went to Sacramento and howled and
howled for its favorite candidate, as it I
had a right to do. They were even pre
pared with a ready made song to cele
brate the victory of Dr. Pardee after he
should have been nominated With un
swerving fidelity to their party the Ala
meda County contingent, seeing that their
choice was not to get the plum, called a
meeting of their committee on poetry,
and with the assistance of C'a! Ewing,
Jim Oliver and W. Nat Friend, trans
posed the poem. Anybody knows what a
hard task it must have been to transpose
a poem ending with "dee" and to make it
rhythmically correct by substituting
"Gage." However, the task wa_s success
fully completed, and although it might
have tasted something like crow to a tur
key appetite, the "Alameda solid" howled
it "just as lustily for the Governor-elect.
Now lie has had his revenge for that
,poem.
The greatest surprise is the pocketing
of Senator Leavitt'a pet measure creating
a Harbor Commission for Oakland. The
Senator from the moment he was nomi
nated never wavered a particle in his
allegiance to Mr. Gage and his friends,
especially Colonel Burns. During the lat
ter part of the Legislature the m<ist
prominent Burns man at Sacramento was
Senator Leayitt, and it was confidently
expected that his measure at least would
receive the official sanction. But it is
dead, as are also the Senator's two other
hills for arranging the salary for the
Harbor Commissioners, and for appropri
ating 000,000 for maintaining the commis
sion and building wharves.
Auditor Cal Kwing and Assessor Dal
ton, and to a lesser degree District At
torney Allen and the Coroner and Re
corder and the Sheriff are particularly
sorrowful. All have been in Sacramento for
weeks, incurring heavy expensen for the
purpose of boosting along their own little
lights, and all have landed in the same
tureen. Their wretchedness is not alle
viated by the thought of the heroic work
including the surgery of the celebrated
poem, that they did last fall for the man
From Los Angeles.
These actions of the Governor leave the
immense patronage of the harbor, con
sisting of a wharfinger at $100 per month,
in the hands of the City Council, and has
given Increased hope to the nineteen can
didates who will struggle next Monday
night for the appointment.
Out of nine members of the Legisla
ture from this county, four voted for Mr.
(lake's friend Burns for Senator. Th*
county is now attempting to figure out
how much more it might have received
;>! the hands of the Governor had the
delegation been a unit for Mr. Herri n' a
candidate and if its people had not earned
the title of "rice eaters" by proclaiming
so strongly against Mr. Burns at the time
of the defection of the member from
Berkeley.*
Charged in Two Courts.
Wan Sing, a Chinese lottery ticket
seller, was fined $1') by Judge Conlan yes
terday, and acting Police Judge Barry
imposed a similar fine upon him. There
was consternation at the City Prison later
when there was a prisoner short. Ser
geant I^indheimer spent considerable time
in investigating the mattpr, and discov
ered that Wan Sing had been booked
twico for the same offense and also fined
twice.
Petition of B. Schwartz & Co.
B. Schwartz & Co as a firm and its
members, individually, Bernard Schwartz
and H. Kirschbraum, filed yesterday a
petition in Insolvency In the United States
District Court. Their liabilities are about
SiiS.OOO. The firm was engaged in conduct
ing a general merchandise store in
Grangeville, Kings County, and went out
iif existence in 18%. The present proceed
ing Is to clean up the record.
Sold Watered Milk.
Chief Food Inspector Dockery yesterday
arrested Ernest Crandall, a milkman do-
ing business at lnifi Devisadero street, on
a charge of adulterating milk. Several
gallons of watered milk found in Cran
dall's possession was confiscated and
dumped Into the street.
MABEL JORDAN A
VICTIM OF AMBITION
OAKLAND. March 30.— After an illness of only two
weeks, Mabel F. Jordan, daughter of William H. and
Mrs. Mary F. Jordan and niece of County Clerk Jor
dan, died at 5 o'clock this afternoon at the home of
her mother, on Twenty-third street. Miss Jordan was a
native of thiH city, aged 19 years, and was very popular
In local social and musical circles. She was a member
of the famous Hay den trio. Last year the deceased gradu
ated from the Oakland High School, and since last Sep
tember she had been attending the State University at
Berkeley. Her death was accelerated by her ambition in
trying to make up six months' arrears in her studies at
the university. Two weeks ago the severe mental strain
resulted in an attack of spinal meningitis, which was com-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 31, 1899.
DR. SELFRIDGE
IS CONVICTED
OF CRUELTY
Drove a Fine Mare!
Sixty Miles.
i ANIMAL'S CHiST SUNK IN
THE VALUABLE STEED IS NOW
WORTHLESS.
For Two Days the Doctor Was Touring I
Through Centerville, San Jose,
Alma and the
Vicinity.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 30.
Dr. Clarence M. Selfrldge was convicted
this afternoon of cruelty to animals. His
trial consumed the whole day in Justice
Larue's court and the testimony showed
that the wrecking of a fine animal was ,
caused by driving it from Alma to Oak
land, a distance of nearly sixty miles, j
without giving it any rest.
The evidence showed that Dr. Selfridge
: hired the horse and drove to Centerville.
| The stableman did not like to let him
have tile superb animal without the pro
prietor's consent, but finally permitted
Dr. Selfridge to take out a gray mare, I
which was the best horse in the place.
The physician used his own buggy and
the livery animal was in perfect condi
tion -when taken from the stable. Two
days later the mare was brought back in
such a condition that she could hardly
stand, and she is now useless for livery
purposes.
When Dr. Selfridge was told of the ani
mal's condition he sent two veterinary
surgeons to look after her and A. J.
Simonson, the owner of the horse, en
gaged a third. The three have not been
able to improve the horse's condition to
any extent.
One of the witnesses testified that Dr.
Selfridge said he had driven to Center
ville the first day, to San Jose the next,
and from there back to Oakland in tour
hours and a half. Evidence was offered
to prove that the doctor used the whip
and that the animal was very speedy and j
never needed a whip; moreover, that sh« I
would not stand it. Her fore feet are now
BO stiff that she cannot walk and her |
chest is sunken in, and an expert horse
man said that she. was absolutely value
less
The doctor testified that he went
through Alma, which is beyond LosGatos
and that he drove from there to Oakland
with a few stops. He was not aware of
the condition of the animal until tele
phoned to on the evening of the day on !
which he returned and he at once ordered ]
two veterinaries to attend to her.
Deputy District Attorney Hynes made j
a forcible argument to the five jurymen j
who tried the case and they returned a
verdict of guilty. Sentence will be pro
nounced April (J.
The Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Animals is greatly pleased with |
the success of its efforts to carry on its I
work It has brought about three prose
cutions within the past week and in two !
instances it has been sustained, while the \
third case is pending.
BRANDES MURDER CASE
NOW NEAR ITS CLOSE
ATTORNEY BENNETT CON
• CLUDES HIS ARGUMENT.
He Refers to the Prosecution's Ex
perts as "a Handful of Ignor
ant Physicians."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. March 30.
It is expected now that the fate of the
accused murderer Brandes will be deter
mined by the jury next Saturday.
Attorney Bennett, fur the defense, con
tinued his argument to-day, directing his
efforts mainly to the theory that Lillian
Brandes' death was caused by asphyxia
tion due to hanging. For several hours
he held the skull of the dead girl in his
hand, illustrating his theories. The pres
ence of the blood stains at the back of
the skull, he claimed, was (hit- to the fact
that the girl lay fpr thirty-two hours
after death in such a position that the
blood settled there. He declared that the
skull speaks for itself and controverts the
theory which Dr. Buteau conceived when
performing the autopsy. Jn conclusion
Attorney Bennett said:
"Are you going to hang a man on the
speculative theory of a handful of ignor
ant physicians? Why, wherever you
turn- innocence stares you in the face.
Brandes has been the victim of an awful
set of circumstances. He has been an un
fortunate creature, and I hope that you
wUJ bring in such a verdict as you will
never regret."
An hour still remained before adjourn
ment time, and this was occupied by At
torney Sawyer, Bennett's colleague, who
will probably conclude his plea by noon
to-morrow. The dosing argument by Dis
trict Attorney Allen will be ve*y brief.
Rescued a Chinese Slave.
A pretty . sixteen-year-old Chinese girl
was rescued from a den on Ross alley
by Policeman Murray last night. The
girl sent a note to the Presbyterian Mis
sion informing- the superintendent that
she was being held against her will and
begging her to secure her release. She also
.described how she would be dressed and
that when the police entered the den she
would wave a handkerchief so that they
would at once recognize her.
M (Murray went to the place last night
and as he entered the girl had not put
on the dress she was to have worn, but
catching a glimpse of the officer she im
mediately waved her handkerchief. Mc-
Murray then took her in charge and es
corted" her to the Presbyterian Mission,
where she will be cared for.
To Test the Wine Tax.
Restaurant proprietors of this city have
retained Bert Schlesinger and P. A. Ber
gerot to make a test case on the wine
stamp war tax clause of the revenue bill.
The contention will be made on appeal
that Congress did not Intend to tax cheap
wines which are given free with meals.
A NOTED EDUCATOR
DIES AT BERKELEY
ANDREW J. RICKOFF of world #
A wide fame in educational cir- |
h\ cles passed away at his home, 0
corner of Charming way and |
Telegraph avenue,' Berkeley, last 0
Wednesday. Although retired from [
active service in the world of learning #
for the past four years, his loss will be |
severely felt, he having been termed the £
'"Chevalier Bayard" of his profession. |
Best known among his text books a
were a reader and an arithmetic com- j
piled for D. Appleton & Co., the well £
known New York publishers. The i
readers, published in 1577, found sale
to the number of over 5,000,000 copies, y
His arithmetics did not net such hand- X
some returns, owing to a combine on |
the part of book publishers. '
During his life he was regarded as •
one of the principal educators of the J
United States. In the State of Ohio, •
where he received his early schooling /
and spent the major portion of his life, O
he was honored by the highest posi- I
tions in the school system of the •
State. In 1881 he was made a life mem- I
ber of the National Teachers' Asso- #
ciation, being at that itme president of I
the Ohio State Board of Examiners of #
Teachers. In the cities of Cleveland ( |
and Cincinnnati he held the Superin- '#
tendency of Public Schools and served |
on various Boards of Education. He A
r also was an expert on classification and grading of schools and an authority |
L on school architecture. •
i While visiting his only son in Washington State six years ago the boy |
L was drowned and his heart-broken parents returned to New York. Rickoffs £
f wife died about a year ago, and he came to Berkeley with his daughter, i
L Bertha Monroe Riekoff. and resided there until his death. Another daugh- £
' ter Mrs. Martha Hinckley, is principal of a large school in Cleveland, Ohio. ■
L A private funeral will be held at his home this afternoon, after which the L
' remains will be shipped to Cleveland, where those of his wife rest. y
HAROLD M. SEWALL ON
AFFAIRS IN SAMOA
; BELIEVES TN THE ABOLITION
01" ITS KINGSHIP.
Roasts This Government for Not
Faithfully Abiding by the Fa
mous Berlin Treaty.
No one at present in this country is
better abli to discuss the present trou
ble at Samoa than Harold M. Sewall,
who has been the United States' special
agent to Hawaii ever since the latter's j
annexation and who arrived in this city j
a few days ago. He is a member of the ,
oornmisskn that drafted the famous Ber
lin treaty under which the Government
of Sam.a was operated. In an interview
yesterday Mr. Sewall said:
I was fully advised at Honolulu of evenU in
Samoa and" have anticipated the perplexing
conditions which have at last been brought ;
about. The neglect and indifference of our |
Government during the first and m n<] admin
istrations of Cleveland caused the present i-.m
--dttl ms. Had this Government faithfully
abided by the Berlin agreement and done what
It was honorably bound to do under that agre< -
ment the present trouble would have been
avoided. ,
Periodically th<se disturbances have arisen
in Samoa "l do not like to think that they
are to be traced to any authorized action of
German agents there, but there is a strange
similarity In th<> situation now and in the pre
ceding crisis, precipitated by German action ;
This goes hack to the very beginning of our
r,-lationa anil Germafi relations with Samoa.
In 1884 and ISSS it wan only by the unauthorized
action of our Consul in rasing our nar over
the is-lands that German seizure of them was
avoided. In ISS7 and ISSS the situation was
similar to that of to-day— disavowals from the ;
German Foreign Office, but acts of aggression
almost to the point of conflict with our civil
and naval authorities on the part of the Ger
man representative In Samoa.
I am delighted that Admiral Kautz has acted
in iupport if the terms of the Tiprlin a.^r*>o
ment which if honestly abided by will gl%e
the Islands all the Government they need. I
regret as mmh that the guns of the Pmladel
iihia should be turned against the finest native
people In the Pacific I firmly believe that an
ateri and benevolent diplomacy at -Washington
London, Berlin and Apia could have avoided
the present distressful situation, and even now
It may not be too late to do so.
Mataafa himself is to my mind a representa
tive Samoun In birth and ability and in all the
qualifications that make him fit to rule. Above
this consideration must he placed the fact that
three powers are honorably pledged to support
the Herlln act and the decision of the American ,
Chief Justice appointed under It. It is due to j
the powers that they themselves be vindicated ;
first by the restoration of the status ante quo—
the status existing before the present revolu
tionary proceedings. Then if I were to be asked
the remedy for the whole situation, it would
not be in the division of the group, which is
not large enough to admit or separate owner
ship: not In the recall of honest and able
American officials who have done their duty
in the face of great discouragement on all
sides but In certain amendments to the Herlin
act chief and principal of which would be the
abolition of the kingship of the Islands. With
this principal amendment and the loyal support
of the Berlin act. which has done more for
Samoa than I believed possible when it was
framed, I believe a clear way will he found
nut of the present difficulties, and I hope our
Government will not be slow in availing itself
of so prompt and humane a solution.
ITALIAN NOBLEMEN.
Two of Them Arrive and Are at the
Palace.
Two Italian noblemen arrived in this
city yesterday from Genoa, Ttaly, ami
took apartments at the Palace. They
are Marquis Dominic Pallavicino and
his brother. Marquis Ale.xandre Palla
vlcino. The former, whose health is
somewhat shattered, is accompanied by
his physician, Dr. G. Perrando. In the
party is also L. Taglioli, whom the oth
ers met In New York and prevailed on
to come to this coast.
The Pallavicinos are among the wealth
iest people In Italy, owning 1 numerous
family castles and immense landed in
terests that are highly productive.- The
elder Dominic is chairman and one of
the principal stockholders in the Medi
terranean Railway Company, which la
operated partly In the southeastern por
tion of Italy." While in New York he
had a conference with Brown Brothers,
brokers, in regard to $200,000 worth of
Confederate State bonds, issued by the
State of Virginia during the Civil War
and purchased by his father. The bonds
art- now held by the family in common
and the brokers incline to the opinion
that they will be recognized by Virginia
and about $15,000 may yet be realized
upon them. The Pallavicinos also possess
some plantation interests in Virginia.
Marquis Dominic speaks but very little
English, but through an interpreter he
said:
"] am perfectly astounded at the won
derful development of California in the
short period of its existence. Why.
everything grows here. What a soil it
is to be sure. If we could but transfer
it' to Italy how thankful we would be.
In the southern part oi the State I saw
nothing but groves of oranges and olives,
the perfect cultivation of which would
put Italy to the blush.
"Again I cannot compliment your peo
ple too highly on the splendid operation
and equipment of your railroad system.
It eclipses anything I have seen any
where. Such a well favored State as
California would be hard to find, I am
sure."
PEOPLE'S PARTY DISSENSIONS.
Hearing of the Charge Against Ex-
Secretary Clough for Stealing
the Minute Book.
The dissensions in the camp of the Peo
ple's party were aired in Judge Graham's
court Wednesday when the search warrant
case against George A. Clough, the ex
pelled secretary of the County Committee,
came up for hearing. The People's party
was represented by Attorney .Tame? Gal
lagher and Clough by Attorney Monteith.
Clough is charged with stealing the min
ute book of the County Commitee, and
the book was introduced in evidence. Dr.
Cli-v»>land. the present chairman' of the
County Committee, testified that the min
ute book belonged to the committee. He
did not see It bought and could not say it
was bought with the money of the com
mittee, but it was used by the committee
and was, ex necessitate, the property of
the committee.
Ex-Chairman Glllesple of the committee
testified that the book belonged to the
committee because Clough had put in a
voucher for the amount and If the com
mittee paid for it then Olough stole it. He
further testified that on March 14 at a
meeting of the County Commitee, Clough.
Dr. Griswokl and Garret W. Smith had
been expelled from the party.
The hearing was interspersed with long
arguments by the attorneys, especially re
garding the admlsßibillty of the book
as evidence. The defense will be heard
Saturday morning.
WAR TAX DECISIONS.
Commissioner at Washington Trans
mits a Few That Are of Inter
est to Business Men.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue
has transmitted to Internal Revenue Col
lector Lynch the following decisions on
the war tax stamp law, which are of in
terest 10 the business community:
il tax (license) need not be paid for
th«* sale ol wood alcohol provided it be entirely
free from admixture with distilled spirits or
vino ..r othei alcoholic liquor.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue again
warns the public that drafts must be stamped
at the time they are issued by the drawer re
gardless Of the fact of whether they are ulti
mately paid or not. Some parties have pub
lished opinions that drafts are not taxable
until paid, but these opinions are entirely er
roneous.
In view of the increased time for which loss
in warehouse is allowed the commissioner has
decided that any loss which exceeds by more
than 60 per cent the legal allowance on any
cask or package will be regarded as excessive,
and Collectors will immediately collect the tax
due on the original contents of such cask or
package, less only the allowance authorized
by law. As before, a smaller loss than that
specified will also be regarded as excessive
where the condition of the warehouse or the
cooperage of the packages in the warehouse in
dicates the want of proper cure on the part
of the distiller.
When a draft properly stamped is presented
for acceptance, and the acceptor writes on the
draft an order for some hank to pay the draft;
this additional order requires an additional I
cent stamp, whether the draft is at sight or
on time.
A broker who receives from foreign houses
orders for liquors or wines in casks or bar
relß, purchases these liquors from W. L. D.'s
and executes bills of lading in his own name
collecting payment himself, is liable to tax
as W. L. I), (wholesale liquor dealer).
Hills of exchange drawn abroad but payable
in the Tnited States are taxable at the rate
of 2 cents on each $100, whether the bills are
at sight on demand or otherwise than at sight
or on demand.
A DEFECTIVE BOILER.
A New Danger Confronts the Unfor
tunate Inmates of the City and
County Hospital.
Danger of a boiler explosion has been
added to the other terrors that confront
the patients and inmates at the City and
County Hospital. A report that has been
filed with the Board of Supervisors gives
the details of this latest addition to the
chamber of horrors on Potrcro avenue.
It is as follows:
SAX FRANCISCO, March :'T. 1599.
To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors of
the City and County of San Francisco—Gen
tlemen: An internal examination of the steam
toiler located at the City and County Hos
pital was made on the 2Mh inst. by our in
spectc.r, David Stark, and his report of such
examination is as- follows:
"This is a horizontal, tubular boiler, sixty
inches by sixteen feet, built of iron. The
thickness of the shell is live-sixteenths of an
Inch; of the head, three-eighths of an inch.
It Is double riveted and fairly braced. The
size of the dome Is thirty-three by forty inches.
This boiler contains fifty-eight four-inch tubes,
and one live-inch lever safety valve, set at
eighty pounds. The steam gauge and gauge
cocks are in good condition. The blow valve
is clear. The feed apparatus is in gooii con
dition. General care and management ire. lalr.
Remarks: This boiler is old and weak in
places The steam dome is thirty three inches
In diameter and riveted to ilv shell by a sin
gle row of rivets. The shell under the dome
Is cut away, leaving a hole in the shell twenty
four Inches in diameter, making it very un
safe at the pressure they arc now carrying,
viz : seventy-five to eighty pounds. This boil
er was not built this way originally. This hole
has been cut in the shell since, for what pur
pose I ennnot say. I would not advise that
the pressure carried exceed fifty or flfty-t}ve
pounds. The furnace doors should have new
liners. By reducing the grate surface from
twenty to sixteen square feet, better results
will be obtained and fuel saved."
Yours truly.
A. P. REDDING, Secretary.
Both Undertakers Satisfied.
The contest for the possession of the
body of Charles I. Highet was ended yes
terday by ih<' representatives: of the" es
tate of the deceased paying Undertaker
MeAvoy for the embalming done by him.
The body was thereupon delivered to Un
dertaker Gray.
Want a Boxing Permit.
The Merchants' Athletic Club, through
its president. John Pastene, has applied
to the Board of Supervisors for permis
sion to give a boxing exhibition at Wood
ward's Pavilion some time during the
month of April.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. March 30.
Schr Nettle Low, Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
SAILED.
Thursday, March 30.
Stmr Westport, Peterson.
Stmr'Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Htmr Willamette. Hansen. Seattle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TORT RLAKELSY— Arrived March 30— Br
ship Port Stanley, from Port Townsend ; schr
Fred X Sanders, hence March 15.
TAC'OMA— March 30— Ship Louis
Walsh; hence March 10.
Sailed March 20— Stmr Edith, for Alaska.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed March 30-^Stmr Penn
land for Philadelphia.
Arrived March 29— Stmr Teutonic, from New
York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed March 29— Stmr Brit
annic, for New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed March 30— Stmr Cymric,
for Liverpool.
BREMEN— Arrived March Stmr Lahn,
from New York.
ROTTERDAM — Sailed March 30 — Stmr
Spaarndam, for New York.
JUDGE ISRAEL
LAWTON HAS
PASSED AWAY
Died at His Home in
Oakland.
ONE OF THE OLD-TIME JURISTS
HAD BEEN AN INVALID FOB
A LONG TIME.
Under Cleveland's Administration He
Served Four Years as Super
intendent of the San Fran
cisco Mint.
OAKLAND, March 30.— Judge Israel
Lawton, the pioneer Jurist, who since last
December has been lingering between life
and death, passed away to-night at his
home, 1207 Castro street.
Deceased was born in Coeymans, Albany
County, New York, In 1562, making his age
67 at the time of his death. In his early life
he taught school while attending the Al
bany Law College, from which he was
graduated with high honors. At the age
of 30 his learning and ability won for him
the honor of being elected a Probate
Judge in New York City, which position
he filled capably for twelve years.
Judge Lawton came to Oakland twenty
five years ago and formed a law partner
ship with Judge Yule. He was appointed
Superintendent of the Mint at San Fran
cisco in ISS4 under Cleveland's administra
tion, serving until the expiration of Cleve
land's term, when he retired both from
office and the practice of his chosen pro
fession.
Eight years ago he lost his only son
through death, and he has since made his
home with his daiiKhter-in-law. His de
clining years brought with them contin
ued ill health, and last December his life
for a time was despaired of. Deceased
was a widower.
Handball Tournament.
ALAMKDA. March 30.— The handball
tournament of the Encinal Recreation
Club was continued last night. In the
first class Fred Hamma defeated C. E.
Innes; score 51 to 39. R. B. Elster made
his first appearance in the tournament aa
one of the contestants in the second class.
He defeated his opponent. George Innes.
so handily that he is looked upon as a
winner of the class; score 3o to 9. In
the same class R. A. Meserole defeated
J M Brewer; score 35 to 23. In the third
class C. W. Hopkins won from A. L.
Behneman; score 21 to 5.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. •_•
T.. Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- HT
Bomery Pts.— Regular assembly THIS __B
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 clock. »3»
Order of the Temple. All fraters are Tr
cordmlly g in R V Ued^ P . FRASER. Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. an.l A M
M.— Second Degree THIS (FRIDAY) wjr%_
EVENING, nt 7:30 o'clock. By order T^\
of the Worshipful Master. „„-„ / ~r '
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
BAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3.
I. O. O. F. — Initiation and flee- _g3l»>sii?
ticn of representatives to Grand ~^^Jffs<^-
Lodge FRIDAY. March 31. -^
ALEX JACOBI. N. G.
W. D. WILSON, R. S.
j MEET to-day at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant
aye.. to borrow money on any old thing.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devlsadero st., near Sutter.
BAD tenants elected for 14: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Pair.t Co., 319 3d st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 91 of the
Oceanic Steamship Company (fifty cents per
share) will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market street, on and after
Saturday, April 1. 1899. Transfer books will
close on Saturday. -March 25, 1899, at 13
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED F_3lAL_.
COMPETENT German mother and daughter
desire situations; mother good cook; daugh-
ter second work or nurse; references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
i COMPETENT Swedish cook desires situation;
best references: city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and laundress
desires situation; 2 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
SWEDISH cook, best of city reference, desires
a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sut-
ter si
COMPETENT English cook, middle-aged wo-
man, kind to children, good housekeeper, will
work for steady home; small wages; city or
country. Call at 60 Third st.
AMERICAN woman desires position as nursery
governess or companion to invalid; best of
references. Address E. D., 2413 Sacramento.
COMPETENT lady wishes position of trust,
care of children or housekeeping. MRS.
WHEELOCK. 54 A "astro st.
POSITION as working housekeeper or take
charge of rooming house. Address room 4,
116% Second st. *
MIDDLE-AGED woman will assist in nice
family; small wages; good references. Box
762. Call. .
GOOD German cook wishes position as cook or
help In kitchen; city reference. D. D.. box
754, Call.
WOMAN wishes to do housework In city or
country; work for small wages. 220 Third St..
room 6.
YOUNG German woman wishes work by the
day cooking or housecleanlng. 2748 Lombard.
RESPECTABLE young woman wants position
as wetnurse; age 22. Box 772, Call office.
LADY would like situation as chambermaid or
housework; city or .country. 1007 McAllister.
BORROW money' on diamonds, silver, sealskins,
silks. UNCLE HARRIS. _ Grant aye,
YOUNG widow With 1 child wishes position as
housekeeper for an old gentleman or lady.
Call or address M 5 Fifth st.
WANTED— Situation by a young woman; any
kind of work by the day; $1 25 per day. Ad-
dress 20S Drumm st.
WANTED— Position as working housekeeper or
care of children: no objection to country.
New Western Hotel, room 51.
TWO young ladies would like positions; one as
waitress: the other to do second work. Ad-
dress or call room 9, 216 Kearny st.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation as second girl |
or light housework. 645 McAllister St.
REFINED, domestic woman would keep house
or go as companion to elderly person; pleas-
ant home; small wages. 597 Market, rm. 10S.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish seamstress and wait-
ress wishes position: wages $25. Call 150 Cook
St., off Geary, after 2 p. m.
SWEDISH Kirl wants a position to do fancy
ironing in dyeing and cleaning works. Call
150 Cook St.. off Geary.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third sY.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry elevator.
SITUATIONS WANTED— .HALE.
GARDENER, botanical, landscape, propogat- ',
Ing, greenhouse experience, the very highest
of reference given, wishes a situation. Par-
ticulars of J. F. CROSETT & CO., &iS Sac-
ramento St.
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary st. ; tel. Polk ]2.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office:
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 42*.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st.; tel. Grant 56. |
*Mm ■■! ■■Til >iini mi ilin ln«_it— iiwim * i\um n\iTm m ■■■» *W' i
SITUATION'S WASTED- Continued.
WANTED— By a young man. position as secre-
tary or traveling companion to gentleman of
means; capable of filling position of respon-
sibility: references given. Address box 7442.
Call office. .
PROFESSIONAL male nurse wants a position;
2 years' experience; no objection to traveling;
nervous cases desired: best of references
given; single. Address box 8473, Call office.
BY young man capable taking care horses,
cows, garden; good driver; repairing harness;
handy with all kinds of tools; good refer-
ences. Box 771. Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener, thoroughly under-
stands his business, wishes situation; city or
country; good reference. Box 770, Call.
FIRST-CLASS gardener wants position to take
charge of gentleman's place; city or country;
good references. Box 767, Call.
DRAUGHTSMAN accustomed to general ma-
chine and engine designing desires position.
Box 760. Call office.
BEDMAKER or night clerk wants position In
lodging house. Box 154. Call office.
STEADY man would like situation "as mill
blacksmith. Sl2 Kearny st.
MONEY to loan you on watches, guns, musical .
instruments. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant are.
YOUNG German wants position about gentle-
man's place; second butler, choreman or
gardener; understands the cultivation of
flowers and vegetables thoroughly; good ref-
erences. Box 759. Call office.
SOBER middle-aged man wants work; private
family, horses, garden, cooking, useful in
general; references; wages no object. Address
box 4421. Call office, Oakland.
SITUATION by elderly man; gardener, man
about place; understands care horses, raising
vegetables; handy with tools; references. W.,
box 751. Call.
STEADY young German Catholic: 28 years old:
care horses, garden and make himself useful
around house. Box 7.">8, Call office.
STRONG boy, 17 years old. wishes work of any
kind- German descent: reference. Address
H. SPECKTER. 652% Natoma st.
BAKER— man; first-class baker on bread
and cakes. Address 134 and 136 Fourth st.
MAN and wife with a 3-year-old boy wish
situations on a ranch; w^fe Is a good cook,
and the man understands all about dairy or
farm business. Inquire or write B. F.. 2425
I st.. Sacramento.
SITUATION as bookkeeper, collector or sales-
man; best of reference. Address box 743.
Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— By a young couple, situations; city
or country; handy all-around people. Ad-
dress 208 Drumm st.
YOUNG German gardener wishes position In
private family; city or country. Address 2102
Larkln st.
HELP WASTED FEMALE-
MIDDLE-AGED woman; care of baby; $10; good
" home. MISS CULLETN. 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, $20 per month. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
GERMAN or Swedish s«cond girl, $25. good
place; parlor maid and waitress. $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter bC
HOUSEWORK girl. Bleep home, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
8 HOTEL and restaurant waitresses. $20 and
$25 per month; 6 waitresses, $15 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 HOUSEWORK girls, Alameda, $25 and $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
SWEDISH cook. $30. MESS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, assist light work. $12. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. . ; ■
C R. HANSEN _ CO Phone Grant 185
6 waitresses, country hotels, $20; 2 waitresses,
city $20; 2 arm waitresses, city. $20; waitress,
$is' 2 chambermaids to wait, city. $20: pantry
girl, short ways country. $20. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary at. _ _____
MAN and wife, waiters for country hotel. $40.
see party here 10:30 a. m.. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary at.
3 COOKS. German style, $25; yonug second girl.
$15- middle-aged German woman to care 2
children, country, »15: number of cooks and
housegirls, $15 to $25: nursegirl. care of baby.
$8 to $10. no office fee. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
4 COOKS in American and German families.
$25 and $30; German or Scandinavian second
girl, $20; waitress and parlor maid. $20;
French lady's maid to travel, $25; 3 nurses,
$20 and $25; and. girls for cooking and house-
work in city and country. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st. '
CHAMBERMAID and laundress, hotel, $20;
hotel chambermaid: chambermaid, wait 1
meal. $20; 4 waitresses, $20, $5 and $6 week;
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter Bt. ■ "••'"•
GIRLS to fill various positions wanted imme-
diately at MISS DILLON'S. 315 Sutter Bt.
GOOD cook or general housework In the coun-
try; wages $20. MISS DILLON, 315 Sutter.
GERMAN second girl for San Rafael: girl for
general housework in Suisun; wages $22 50.
MISS DILLON, 315 Sutter st.
GOOD girl for second work and care of chil-
dren. MISS DILLON. 315 Sutter at.
COOK for country.' MISS DILLON. 315 Sut-
ter st.
SECOND girl, $20; infant's nurse, $25: seam-
stress, $25; 10 girls for housework. 631 Lar-
kin st.
WAITRESS, country hotel, wages $20. HOTEI*
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
WANTED— GirI to assist in general housework;
one with some knowledge of cooking: Scotch
'German or American preferred. 3793 Twenty-
fourth St., corner of Church: call between 10
and 12 a. m. ; wages $10 to $12.
WANTED— hands at E. MESSAGER'B
Cloak Store, 145 Post st.
WANTED— Reliable girl for general house-
work: $12. 2510 Pine st.
WANTED— woman for housekeeping.
Apply 214 Ellis st.
ENGLISH girl for second work. Call between
1 and 2. 2214 Clay st. .
YOUNG girl to assist in housework; small fam-
ily; $10. 2116 Sutter st.
WANTED— experienced apprentice girl on
custom coats. , 927 Market st. , room 526.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter; assist in
office Address S. G., Call office.
WANTED— tidy girl for general house-
work. Apply 929 Sutter St. '
DRESSMAKING help wanted at once. 60»
Taylor st. ______ ___
GIRL or woman to care for baby evenings.
Apply after 12, 740 Howard St.. In basement.
WANTED— A woman for very light housework.
10 Steuart St.. upstairs. : ,
BORROW money on your valuables: private en-
trance, ladles. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
GIRL or mldde-aged woman for housework.
716 Green st. ___ __
COMPETENT Swedish girl to do housework In
small family. Call at 441 Sixth, near Bryant.
FIRST-CLASS advertising agent; lady or gen-
tleman. Room 4. 408 California st.
WANTED-Thoroughly competent kid glove-
saleswoman for Sacramento. Apply 523 Mar-
ket St., room 7. from 2 to 3 p. m.
YOUNG girl for upstairs work. 1207 Gough
ptreet. .
YOUNG girl for downstairs work and cooking:
good wages. 1207 Gough st.
HELP WANTED M--E.
MulTrT?^Ri£^J^^ Mal "^«
Blacksmith" and' 'horseshoer. country shop.
Camp blacksmith... •••■•• stableman
Private family, gardener *-;< and found
Farm hands, milkers, drillers, etc.; ID more
woodchoppers, tools advanced: oO woodenop-
ners different parts of the State, $1 50, $1 25
an™' SI cord. MURRAY _ READY. 634 and
636 Clay st.
COOK and wife, country hotel. $45 and found:
baker $50; 5 waiters. $25; cooks, $30 and $35;
ironers. country laundry. $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
C R HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
Meat and pastry cook, country, $50; head and
second cook, country hotel. $70; night coo*.
$50; waiter, country, $35; second cook.
springs, $30. cook, $40 and free fare.
Railroad camp conk. $40 and free fare.
Laborers and teamsters, railroad work,
free fare: 2 ranch carpenters. $30 and found.
3 milkers, $25 and $20 and found.
Barber for springs.
Walter and wife for a country hotel.
C. R. IIANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Machinist for country. $2 50 -day: 3
more drift gravel miners. $40 and board; car-
riage painter. $2 50 day; blacksmith and wood
worker fur mine. $35 and found, see boss
In city: assistant gardener. $•» and found;
blacksmith helper. $1 day and board; cooks.
waiters and others. Apply to J. if. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
FOR the" woods, to go to-morrow, 10 redwood
tie makers. 12c each; 4 woodchoppers, $1 75 per .
cord: 2 farm hands. $15: and others. R. T.
WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
BUTLER. $35: good place. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter St.
WANTED— LadIes and gentlemen as canvas-
sers; good wages: no experience required.
Call from 1 to 8 p. m. at 373 Hayes st.
MAN and wife wanted on ranch in Santa Cruz
Mountains; German preferred: wages $35. In-
quire J. UTSCHIG'S, 326 Bush St.
WANTED— Steady man: light outdoor work;
good, wages; must have $60 cash. 1033 Mar-
ket St., room 4.HEU 1 \V. w.\Tl__>— Continued.
WANTED— A window dresser at S. N. AVOOD
6 CO.'S. VI S Market Et.
FIRSTjCL'ASS b.irber wanted to work In coun-
try; steady position. Apply at S7l Market gt.
BARBER wanted for Saturday, good wanes.
Inquire 737.M1g_10n st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 2> > 6 av-
_ fnworth st. _________
FIRST-CLASS cook for a small restaurant;
firet-class only. Apply 519 Post st.
JOOD agents wanted; big money. 40 Ellis St.,
room ly.
'-'OATMAKEIi for country. Apply REISS
CAPABLE men for office and street; new line.
..
AN elderly man as bedmaker at 52 Second St.;
HANDYinien|fori. whitewashing. Apply to up-
per part 27 Stevenson ft. _____
wan-- •
WANTED— FirM-class ccat maker; work in-
side. 225- x Montgomery aye.
DISHWASHER. 23 Fourth st.
UPO.OOO TO loan on diamonds, watche?. Jewelry,
Pianos, silver. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant : j^
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's fhoes. some
nearly new, from Soc' to $1 50; m-w shoes.
E'.it?htly damaged. nn.--half price. 562 Mission
st.. bet. First and Second sts.; npen Sundays.
HOME for _"man. 30 Hannah St., Oakland,
Watts Trart: Berkeley train.
STRONG boy wanted In fruit-store on Satur-
days only. 9SO Fillmc-ro st.
GET your shoos half-siled whil" waltine. Ssc
to 50c. 562 Mission st.. be_l Ist ; and j2d jsts-_
FIRST-CLASS salesman on commission for
ivell-advertiped specialty: references. Box
11.5. Call office.
WINCIIESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
,.k<?t; 700 rooms, 2.'.c nlgtit: roadir.e room: free
'bus and bagg.i.ce to and from the ferry.
IT Boulder Crrek— l ri o tie mr.^er*; good tim-
ber ; lons Job; V.-Sx* font ties. 12 cf-nts enoh.
MIDDLETON & BLUM. Boulder Creek. Cal.
CN T to go north: long Job: no experience re-
quired: no charges; everything found. At
HERMAN'?. 26 Ptouart Ft.
KCRUrTP wantod for the United States Ma-
r'ne Corp? United States navy: aWe-bodleJ.
unmarried men between th« ages of 21 and 33
years who arf citizens of the X.'niteJ States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such: must be o: good
character and li_b!ts nn.l able to speak, read
and write Enß'.i^h. and be between 5 foet 5
Inch.s ar.d 6 fert i:i hr-tght. For further in-
formation apply at the Recruiting office. 40
Ellis St., San Frnnclscn. Cal.
■VRBER'S Progressive Union: free cmploy-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
'ANTED— Men to Uarn thf> barber trade;
rummer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
."ANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Rpno House proprietor, still
rurs Denver Hou?c. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
BAILORS, green hands, blacksmiths and car-
penters for steam whalers: seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 5C4 Davis st.. near Jackson.
HOQSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
to Me; $1 to ?2 per week.
20 MEN to go on whaling cruise: no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 13S'i Eighth st,
FINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts. .
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50: men's
soleing, 3Sc; only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, 15c\ 20c, 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, S63>_ Market St.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter at.
SINGLE furnished fine large sunny and airy
room. 25c r.ight Roscdale House, 321 Ellis St.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st . below Sixth,
for a room :• 25c a night: $1 a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
COUNTRY to sell Leather Lustre: best seller
out: hiur.pie postpaid; 25c. J. Brown, 332 Hush.
BE wise and get in while the proposition I-
new ana make ;rood money. IS3 Seventh st.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER with means to assist a lady In a
good paying business: a fortune guaranteed
to the right party: none without means need
apply. ... Slox 732, Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— By single gentleman, two unfur-
nished sunny rooms or one large room, up-
stairs, in the Western Addition. in strictly
private ■family, with light breakfast, the lat-
ter to be served in his room: references ex-
changed. Please address C. F. L., 21S Cali-
fornia st.. room 7.
.MI.D- MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Soldiers' additional scrip and forest
reserve scrip. Address J. E.. r<23 5 3 : well.
SCRAP iron, bra?s and copper bought: coun-
try trade solicited. S. F. I. V.. 204 Mission.
HOUSES.
FOR sale— Kentucky bre.l saddle horse; Fingie-
footor. gentle, in harness. 7 years old and
sound: a!«o box liujrgy and road cart. Ml IN-
ARCH $ STABLES. &B Bush st.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons., buggies.
Smarts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
2271 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN £• DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
_T_C^D-HA^^"u^jyT~Tery iP. at meat
market, f.7_ Howard Ft.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons: ; bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery waX- S 2S Harrison.
100 SETS seiond-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and hordes. 1140 Folsom st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE, combination desk, sowing ma-
chine, bicycle; all good; cheap. 11S7 Dolores.
4 ROOMS furnished in cak for $<R 50. with No.
7 range. Klr.p Furniture Co.. ll.;-im Market.
FOR SALU— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand ma'jhint>ry. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 19:,-!S7 Fremont st.
JIO—GOOD Singrr sewing machine; attach-
ments. S9 Julian aye.. off Fourteenth Bt.,
between Valencia and Mission.
FOR sale — New . National cash register at a
bargain. 34 1 .- Rinpold st.
FLAT-TOP desk. Remington typewriter, rug
and chairs. 612 Examiner building.
2 GENUINE Alaska .Siwashes and 4 pups.
■
KILK quilt for sale, exchange or raffle; rea-
sonable. Box 774. Call office.
FINE ot of fancy and common pigeons for sale
at 83. San Carlos aye.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, country,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOO.VAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Miesion St.,
above Sixth. •
$350— SALOON; corner East and Greenwich sts. ;
rent $2ii; owner has two places. Call at 230
Pacific at.
CREAMERY machinery for sale; a bargain;
almost new; latf-st type separator, bollrr, en-
gine, etc. : soid separately or together. Apply
box 447. Petal u: Cal.
GAS engine. 3 1 -. horsepower, cl-"0: S horsepower, ,
$350: others, new an<l second hand. DYNAMIC
ENGINE'CO.. m California st.
FOR cale — Llewelyn breed pups; ; month old;
cheap. 739 Pin** st.
ENGINES, dynamos, boilers, pumps, belting,
etc. WHITE'S, 515 Mission Et.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;
complete; cheap. ISIS Mission St.. near i. th.
PULLEYS covered by pat. 1-atder prevent slip-
page; paves power. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission.
PRENTICE lathe, screw cutting; fuil set of
attachment?. See owner. 72S Capp st.
£.\FES— AI! sizes new and *eco..,i hand. THE
'.MANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sarramonto st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery-
ASHMAN <- BURKE. Yi'i Hr-ale st.
OVERSTOCK— St. Germain Billiard Co.; tables,
saloon fixtures; bter pumpa; rented: 403 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines— l hon-er-ower, jioo; 2. $125;
3. $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO., 527 Mission st.
j'OLYPHONE. ?3.">: attachment (only). 15; will
f.t phono or graphophonc. Baclgalupl, 033 Mkt.
FaFES— Bargains In nr-w ,in<l second hand: all
tizps: half original cost; Iv9-11l Market, S. F.
sew ing ;; machi .es.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; -repaired, bought, sold;
marhir.e supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; ro-
palrir.s at lowest rates. 20."i Fourth st.
PHYSICIANS.
MRS. DI;S. DONOVAN, G2l Hayes St.; all
kind. of v.-omb trouble a specialty; diseases
of the eye treated by herbs.
DR. CC. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
iiiZV/i Market St., bet. 6th and 7th.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
NEAT ccrner grocery and bar. well stocked;
line fixtures; living rooms; rent $26; price
$600. WILKIE & UNFUG. 90C Market st.
GENERAL merchandise store connected with
pestofftee in lively country town; no oppo-
sition; Including building. 2 lots 2axlj.O;
$2000: stock of merchandise about s>wj ;
rarest chance. For particulars call \\ l _..•_!_
_: UNFUG. SQg Market st.
A-$4OO-SALOO.I; doing a splendid business:
beEt down-town location: California and
Montgomery sts.: rent $45. Call WILKk. &
UNFUG. 906 Market st.
TRANSFER corner saloon; IS furnished
rooms; 3 pianos; cash register, safe, etc.;
clearing about $175 per month; large stock
of liquors: sickness cause of a great bargain.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
$2i5-CIGTvR stand. Stockton and Market sts.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st. .
JICOO— SALOON with 9 furnished rooms; estab-
lished many years; always been money-mak-
ing place; best location; close to California on
Kearny St.; rent low. Particulars WILKh,
& UNFUG, 906 Market st.
$3250— ATTENTION grocers; the best paying-
corner grocery and bar in this city; estab-
lished for many years and doing first-class
paying cash store and bar trade; choicest
location; close to Baldwin Hotel; owner
must leave for Europe on account of family
affairs: a great sacrifice. Address box 4*o,
Call office.
', $4«^-R_STAURA_r_ and oyster house, bargain
if cold immediately, on account of going
K.ist. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market at.
SALOON; bargain; will sell at gr^at sacrifice.
Mclaughlin & < ' '.. 777 Market st.
$500— PARTNER wanted in a well established
tobacco and cigar business; receipts $90 per
day. MCLAUGHLIN & C 0.71 777 .Market. St.
$500— PARTNER in manufacturing business;"
la^-ge stock; exclusive trade; $.3 to 5100 a
month clear each; no experience required;
i plenty of work Western lnv. Co., 9 Geary.
$200— PARTNER, light business; $18 a week; no „
experience required; trial given: sea it. West-
I crn Investment Co., 9 Geary st^ ..-
-; A— sSoo; DELICACY, pork storp and branch
bakery; $25 daily. Klti-lX) & CO., 22% Geary. .
i A^-$l5O- BRANCH bakery and delicacy: receipts
C-S daily; 8 living rooms. Kredo, 22 1 , i Geary.
J $..'O— CORNER cigar stand; a rare chance; bar-
gain. KREDO & CO., 22Vi Geary £t.
j FOR best water filter ever offered on this mar-
ket: sell on sight; need not remain idle. S.
H. GOL'LD & CO., 632 Market st.
| YOUR money back from the first shipment of
on? and one-third of mine given tor this ad-
vonce; principals only. ROBINSON, 22', -
Geary St., room 27.
! $KO,OOO TO loan en diamonds, watches, Jewels.
silver plumis. guns, sealskins, sllk6, paint-
ings, at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
WE buy and sell business opportunities of
all kinds; our list Is the largest in the city.
National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for
I cash apply to MOON _ CO., 10084 Market st.
; $400— RESTAURANT: north of Market st. COW-
ING _ CO., 995 Market Et.
| BAZAAR FOR SALE.
Established 14 years; well paying: in one of
the cities across the bay. Address box 763.
Call office.
BARBER, good workman, wants steady job
evenings or Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day. Box 766, Call office^
' SALOON; south of Market; fine fixtures; good
stock; piano and side rooms; very reasonable.
Inquire at 1011 Folsom st.
I FOR pale— Best centrally located barber shop
In San Jose; proprietor being otherwise en-
gaged will sell at a great sacrifice. Address
A. F. NOFTZ, 36 Fountain St., San Jose, Val.
TO Occidental Hotel, Mayfleld, Santa
Clara County; rent $15 per month. Owner, F.
L. PRITCHARD, 12 Market St., B. F.
I FOR sale— A good-paying route on this paper.
1 For particulars call or address 219 Liberty st.
! WAFFLE wagon; complete; 1 horse; everything
i new: $300. 2106 Mason St., in rear.
FRUIT "store for sale cheap; good chance. 130
Eighth _.
I FOR SALE— Good-paying business; fitted out
complete; only $60; chance you will never get
again. 1225 Polk St.
WANTED— Loan of $75; a piano as security,
where girl of 13 years can be boarded. Box
3M>, Call office. -■ '■■ ; -
GROCERY and bar; good stand; doing an all
cash business; rice $1000. Box 1201. Call.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply 1737
Hyde st. ______
RARE bargain: corner grocery; 4 living rooms;
furnished; $000. 133-\ Fair Oaks St., nr. 22d.
I SALOON; good paying; in business quarter.
: Apply book store. Clay and Montgomery sts.
I REST AT *RA N T for sale cheap; near Union
; Iron Works. 1245 Kentucky st.
I SALOON Inquire Anchor Brewery, after 3p.
m., or at 636 Third st.
• PARTY wanted to take interest In water
power 100 horsepower current wheel; will be
operated on tidewater on Kentucky st., near
Army. A. KRUSE. 314 Fifth aye.
I BA RG A l N— Shoe store; nice stock and fixtures.
Box 446, Uklah, Oal.
j WELL stocked saloon; good location; cheap.
Apply this office.
> CORNER grocery; rent $35; a bargain. Inquire
of E. H. GEORGE, 533 California St.
j FOR sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus doing business of $15 to $25 a day, or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply £00 Haight st.
BAKERY In country town: good store trade: 4
horses and 2 wagons; $1200. Apply Call office.
i JOHN REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires
to sell hi» tailoring business, including stock
and good will. 340 Third st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
j H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
I 11 -room house in Angels Camp $4*o
I ■ 15-room house; central; $100 cash 300
j 30 rooms: rent $90; on Mission st 1300
M-room" house: clears $300 1600
17 rooms on Sixth st 450
6-room flat: cheap rent 175
2S-room house; clears $150 550
24-room house; new furniture 3400
16-roum house; fine corner 1000
14-room house; new en.l good 800
16-room; fine corner; must sell 900
11-ronm ■ use; clears $75 800 I
FOR a HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. sih. ■
IS-ROOM house; worth $800; if taken to-day $350
will buy it. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
10 ROOMS and bath; new furniture: $300 cash,
balance payments. DECKER, 1020 Market.
A— KREDO _.- CO ..;.. . .2:".. GEARY
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
100 rooms: clears $3000 yearly; trial given. $4000
50 rooms; hotel; fine dining room 2500 !
35 rooms; all new; best transient 1000
24 rooms; Geary st., near plaza; a snap 800
23 rooms; south of Market; clears $75... 500
12 rooms; best on Post; great' bargain.. 650
9 rooms; elegant home: carpets new.... 600
6 rooms; 9 rooms pay rent; new 150
i.:: Call and see list. KREDO.
TO buy a dgr'.ng house, borrow the money of
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
A— slsoo; 40 ROOMS: best blnr-k Mkt st. : offices;
large transient. Kr'edo & Co.. 22H Geary'st.
$1600— ROOMING-HOUSE; north of Market st.
COWING & CO., 995 Market St.
LODGING-HOUSE; bargain if sold this day.
COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
36 ROOMS, central location; complete and In
good order and on paying basis; $1000 cash
and $ir.<">o In approved real estate or on time.
C. P. DAVIS & CO., 846 Market St.
40-ROOM lodging-house: good location; owner
has run it for 10 years; compelled to sell ac-
count of other business; _ bargain: cheap
rent. Call 317 Third st.
A— $1000; LODGING-HOUSE. 72 rooms, a prize;
■ 15 rooms for $S0O; one to exchange for notion
store. ELSTON & THOMPSON, 239 Post. r. 1.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 9 rooms; newly
furnished; low rent; owner obliged to go
north. 17 Powell St., upstairs.
HOWARD. 833— Vienna Beer Hall; for sale
cheap on account of discontinuing partner-
ship. ; "■ '
GROCERY, wood, coal and feed business;
whole, part; cheap. NE. cor. Valley, Dolores.
FOR sale— l 9 rooms, whore a good living can
be made; cheap. 48 Soventh st.
ROOMING and boarding house for sale. 513
Howard .-.t.
HOUSE of 32 rooms; suitable for Induing house.
Inquire 1153 Howard St.. near Eighth.
CA.U'ET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. M«r.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULTIN( '. Pioneer Carpet-
. boating Works, 353-857 Tehama St.: tel. 6. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel: Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
JTe. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East i.6.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FEIDAY, MARCH 31, 1899.
PERSONALS.
WANTED— To know the whereabouts of PROF.
N. N. KIDDELL, formerly of Raymond,. Neb.
Box 1176, Call office. -,;
HIE THIENG, 26 Glasgow St., first-class Chi-
nese laundry, removed to 33S Minna st.
A FINE suit or overcoat to order. $10 75; we
have contracts with mills to take all their
remnants; samples sent ail over the country.
L. LEMOS, 1117 -Market st., bet. 7th -and Sth.
YOU can MAKE your hair grow by using Led-
erer's Quinonia, 35c bottle. Lederer's Foamo
Shampoo Is 5c pkg: G. Lederer, 123 Stockton..
THEATRICAL managers will find it to their
in' "rest to Invest in my wigs, closing out
. '.J at 25c on the dollar; halrdressing 25c.
G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE. '■ Patent, Trademark i
" Attorney at Law, -and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Law a Specialty,
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. ' Patents Solicited".
WRINKLES removed a specialty at the new
and handsome quarters. Harmonic Life In- .
stitute. 70S Putter st.. near Taylor; consulta-.
tion free; receptions . every Monday and
Thursday from 2 to 3 p. m.
SUPERFLUOUS .hair removed: no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. IMS Butter St. MRS. CLAYTON.
OPERA bangs and switches. Me up; this week
only; artistic opera dressing. La Verite Hair.-
dressing Parlors, 30 Ge'ary; phone red 3733.
S"U.ITS to order on installments at cash prices;
• $1 a week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
ELECTRIC 'lights in every room; Winchester
.Hotel, -44 Third St., near Market: "00 rooms;
I 25c to .$1 50 per night;- $1 &0 to $6 per .week;
free '-bus and baggage to and .from the ferry.
AM"no lawyer, but can. materially assist .you
free of 'cost .'lt you want -divorce; strictly con-
fidential.- Box' i 193. -Call. . : " • .
CITY OF PARIS la undry. removed from 119
Stockton to -331 Ge.ary. MME. JAUSSAUD..
THf: gepuine misfit, ':■" Fifth -st.;. $30. and: $40
suits at your own price;- perfect "fit guarant'd.
. PRIVATE residence for ladles .In delicate
health. MRS DR. FUXKE,- 1416 "-th.. Alameda.
RUPTURE, stricture "cured; no knife; no In-
jection;guarntd.Dr.Go"rdin,sK Pine. ab. Kearny
DR F. YON ■ BUELOW has removed from '822
Valencia to 1206 Market -st.,. rooms 9 and' lo.
BATHS, 12\ic; 30 porcelain tubs: separate .en-
trance for ladies: lady .attendant. 34 Fourth.
FOLDING beds $S 50; bedrm sets $8: bed loung-
es $4 50; open €vs. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
A — Ladies' or gent's clothing. furniture, bought.
Fold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 ages. In wrappers for mailing, $1 per year.
DRESS3IAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $s up; dresses made
over; perfect fit.. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP. spirit seer. 1724 Market
St.. near Polk; counsel. 50c; by letter, 50c;
. meetings every night. -10c.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; tests to
all; 10c; prophetic readings daily- 120 Sixth.
i C V MILLER'S materializing trumpet se-
ance. S p. m., 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. lIS Halght st.
MRS ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ; |
Mon.. S: 25c: sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
'"' "
CLAIRVOYANTS.
al^rTvaXl^xtkaordin ar y.
GOOD news FOR ALL.
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary St.,
bet. Powell and Mason. Her success as a
medium has startled the entire world. Her
power is acknowledged by press and public to
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human power.
Her parlors are thronged by anxious people
looking for important information, and /-very
reply is most gratifying: all are pleased.
Without a question she tells each caller their
name and for what they came. She gives
advice on business, speculation, lawsuits, old
estates, love, courtship and marriage — every-
thing. The unfortunate and troubled should
seek her counsel and start aright. Positively
no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom-
panies. 9 a. m. to 9:30" p. m.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; horn with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing; ladies. rue; gents, $1; sit., $150. 126 Turk.
YOUR future told by cards; ladies, 10c; gentle-
men, 25c; satisfaction guaranteed. 77 Ninth st.
GYPSY life reader gives true readings: ladles,
25c; gents. EOc. 1C63 Mission st., near Seventh.
MISS A L CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny St., rooms 9 and 10.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
t reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.'
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st.; clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay: 25c.
, MMii RAVENA reads life fluently: business
; advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 2f.c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
MMFS NEERGAARD, , pupil Count St. Ger-
malne. 33SS Twenty-first St.. above Valencia;
tel White 1571: reading by mall. $1.
~ SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
st. ; 15 years' experience: references given.
DENTISTS.
DR T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
" Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; platen i
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth j
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood big., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our. specialty; gold crowns,
}-. 50 up; plates, extractions. Tree. $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m.- to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. _ W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates- light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; filling, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132..
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns, $2: bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth, $5: crowns, $3; fillings, 60c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental j
Parlors. 8 Mason st., corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DPI LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market Ft., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET if teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth,
$4; filling, gold. CO.-; silver. 25c: crowns. $3.
. LOST.
WHITE spitz puppy dog. Return to 1309 Utah
i>t. ; reward.
LOST Wednesday— BiH<-k Japanese game hen;
$2 50 reward. At 2509 Bryant st.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Ravings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of LORENS MELCHIOR, No. 199-131;
the finder will please return to bank.
OLD gold, diamonds, silver and pianos bought;
highest prices paid. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
LOST— A black pocketbook containing money I
and private papers in the name of i: Klrman. j
Finder may keep j money and receive addi- j
tional reward by returning the papers and ,
book to .1 B. O'BRIEN. Call office.
FOUND.
FOUND— In Oakland Creek, small light-
er about tfii feet long; owner can get same
by paying for trouble. Address 708 Chester
St.. Oakland. '.
STORAGE^
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing, advance, etc. 735 Market; tel. Black 311.
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 24 Morris aye., off Harrison, near Sixth-
Sunny 5-room house, renovated, $1"; water
free; appreciated if seen; plea.se investigate.
BEAUTIFUL modern lO.nVjms. ria.th; reduced
from $65 to $4<i to good tenant; Ills Guerrero,-
nr. 23d. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
HOUSE to let; G rooms. 23V» Morris' ave., near
Sixth and -Harrison sts.
SEVENTEENTH, 3434. near Valencia— House. 7
• tooms and bnth; in first-claps order; rent $20.
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
jirintod list of houses from BALDWIN &
lIOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
2 SUNNY front rooms, water and closet; rent
$6. 2 V J Natoma st.. near Fourth.
I'IRMSHED HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED— ISM Post, near Franklin; 9
rooms, bath, etc.; very sunny; large grounds
. and. lawn: rent low on lease. Apply MADI-
! Hi i.V & BURKE. 626 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON, .333— A cottage of 3 rooms, chick-
en house, yard ; Mateo cars to Thirty-
fifth st. ; rent $S:
$10— COTTAGE. 4 sunny rooms; 1U blocks from
Market st. 132 Rose aye., bet. Cough and
Octav.ia sts.
.'. ILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
■ will call. ' GEO. M. SALBBURY, builder. 521
X . St., Sunset District.
KLATS TO LET.
ASHBURT, 105— Five' large sunny rooms and'
' Viath;. both nicely furnished; no children.
H, .726— Sunny front room .for gentleman';'
■ -$7 pox month; references.
CLAYTON. 872, -south of- Frederick— Modern
.'sunny 'flat, 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FIFTEENTH, 1525, near Howard— Lower flat
•-ci 4 rooms and bath; reasonable!
FLAT 3 rooms.' 61 Pleasant st., between Jones
■' and Taylor, • near. Clay ; lar«e sunny yard.
1- L-i'l 1 &- 4 rooms, bath, bay-window, $12. 716
Xa't'onia Et.,. between Eighth and Ninth.
ELA.T of 4 sunny rooms; gas and bath; fur-
nished. ' 123_ Vailejo st., near Hyde; rent $13.
GUERRERO, 1151. corner- -4th--5 and 7 room
' sunny modern flats; Btqne- basements , Jl". |20.
HOWARD,' 1722. near Thirteenth— Sunny, new,
1 rooms; bath; $1J; very choice; laundry.
LOWER flat cheap: 3075 Twenty-fourth st.,
near Folsom; 4 rooms, bath; large yard.
LADIES' private entrsmee. polite attention, at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grar.t aye.
NEW flat with 4 rooms and laundry; latest
improvements; sunny belt. Mission. 347
Liberty st. .
Ol'R rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery -t.
RINCON Hill- Americans owning house would
let (to parties without children; sunny corner
flat of 5 rooms and bath; bay windows; fine
view of city and bay;, last party stayed 9
years. 351 First St.; references^
SIXTH. 536 A —Upper flat, 5 rooms, bath, large
yard; rent reduced; $12.
SUNNY Hat, 5 rooms and bath. 207 Stelner
st., bet. Halght and Wallei\
TWELFTH. 322— Lower flat of 3 rooms.
,s. bath. Sl2 and $14; 5 large rras., bath.
laundry, gardens, J22 50; 7-room house, bath,
laundry, gardens. $25; flne ft-room housi
cheap. $35- Dempster. 36 Glen Park aye.,
of l-th st.; location sh uld be seen.
tl7_FT J AT newly papered and painted; 5 rooms
and bath. Apply 220 Thirteenth, near Howard.
4073 TWENTY-THIRD St., near Caatro; upper
Funny 5 rooms: $15.
E97 No* St.. corner Nineteenth; upper 5 rooms;
j
ROOMS FOR HOUSEREEIM.VG.
C-XSTRO, 423. rear, near 17th— 2 sunny hkpg.
rooms; large yard: stable if desired; cheap.
CHESTNUT, 2:>3— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping, marine view and sun; cheap; no
small children. '
EDDY, 48! Front bay-window and small con-
necting room; running water: light hpkg.
FELL. 26 — 2 or 3 nice sunny front rooms; fur-
nished; running water; reasonable.
FTFTH 309 New house; well furnished suite
with kitchen; suitable for 2 or more.
FOUR Bryant— HoOsekpg. rooms;
front alcove, suitable for quiet family; cheap.
GRANT aye., 15— The most respectable place
to borrow money on your valuables^
HARBISON, 7M 3 rooms furnished complete
: : or housekeeping; largo yard; rent Jl2.
liY!>i:, 609— Nicely furnished sunny housekeep-
ing suites of 2 or 3 rooms; $9 to $16^
JKSHIE. 43.'!— Two sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap. _____
JULIAN aye., 192, corner lPth— 2 neatly fur-
nished front rooms for honsekpg. $10; one. $6.
LA I' K IX 804 Large sunny front with small
i in. neatly furnished, for light housekeep-
ing; $10.
LEXINGTON aye., 210— A large front alcove,
with kitchen, complete housekpg; bath; $13.
MARKET, I"2S- Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bc-d, closet; $12.
MINNA, 646 — Furnished rooms, complete for
keeping; large yard.
MISSION, 949— 1 or 2 rooms furnished complete
housekeeping; cheap.
MISSION, ' sunny rooms for light
housekeeping; American family; cheap rent.^
M-SSION, lflffl Furnished rwms ' for house-
keeping; gas. running water; reasonable.
MISSION, 17291 i, near l"th— l or 2 rooms for
housekeeping; 1 or 2 b.-tls ; bath. laundry; $'
and Jio.
NINTH, 20—2 sunny connecting rooms, $10;
bay-window suite. $12; Stove, water, gas.
POLK, -■"• -2 sunny furnished rooms to let for
• keeping: good location: bet. Market and
es; rent $12; rail net. 2:?." ar.d 6 p. m.
TKFIAMA, ■ Sixth— 3 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; $12.
TENTH. 136 -3 sunny furnished rooms; house-
ke< ping: lower floor; also single.
TWENTY-SIXTH, "o*7, n«ar Mission— Two
sunny furnished housekeeping suites, $S and
$10. also single.
VALENCIA, 1 101 — 3 newly furnished rooms;
sunny parlor; main kitchen: no children.
VAN NESS aye., 1021 — Sonny front parlor
suite. 3 or 4 rooms; kitchen; gas range.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single: first-claps
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
■ like house; modern service; elevator;
bath; room?. EOc to $1 B0 day. MRS .T KING.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms: suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk., $1 50 to
$3; siTitcle, $1 to $1 BO; night. 25c to 50c.
lu-rnk.tt. I42>j Markfil (old No 11*4)— Fu- j
nished reoms, suites, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH, 534 The La. Mar- Newly furnished
sunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable.
EDDY, I.lA— Pleasant sunny front rooms: also
single and housekeeping rooms; rent reasnbl.
EDDY, »H4 Single 'sunny front room; gas.
bath, closets; private family: $R.
F« iLSOM, 76i -Large single room to let; $4;
all conveniences.
GEARY, 14A— Single room, running water, $1 25
]>ci week.
GEARY. 736 fold number 710), near Leaven-
worth 1 room suitable for 2. $6; 1 single, $4.
GEARY, 522 -Sunny front suite; single rooms;
hot and cold water; folding ln-d.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. iirner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates: families.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
li- 'WARD, 825* — Rooms from $1 week up; tran-
sient. 2&c to $1 night.
i\ 812. near Ninth— Two furnished rooms,
$4 and $T>.
LOANS mnde on trunks, pianos, paintings,
statuary, bric-a-brac, furniture, valises, guna.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
MARKET. 1130. near Taylor— House changed
hands; nice front sunny rooms, suitable tor
offlceß; other rooms; rent very reasonable.
MISSION, BSStti near Fifth— Large double and
single sunny fnuit rooms; also housekeeping.
: MINNA. 713, near Eighth — Large double sunny
rooms; also on< m.
: MONTGOMERY, «7, and Hush, 108— Nicely
furnished rooms by the day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. "0 — Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. 902— Large Funny parlor suite
and front alcove, prettily rurmshed: private.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st..
Market "furnished and unfurnished.
SHIPLEY, 51, nr. Fourth- Two nice furnished,
suitable for one or two gentlemen.
(Girard House)— Sunny rooms;
reasonable: also housekeeping.
SIXTH, B*— One large front room suitable for
j business; also other rooms.
SOUTH PARK. 80— Large room suitable 1 or 2
gentlemen in private family; rent low.
TURK, 303%— Parlor floor; 3 unfurnished rooms,
$17: -furnished $20; bath.
BOARDING AXD .ROOMS. ;
ELLISp6O7— Newly furnished rooms with first;
class home cooking; with gas, bath and tel.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding. witi»
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
GEARY. Front suite, suitable for doctor
or dentist: single rooms; board optional. •
IF you're short borrow of the respectable house,
of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. :
HOWARD, 2606— Large sunny room: large
cluset; grate,; good home cooking: for 2; reas:
HYDE, 299— Large eunny rooms, with excel-
lent board; families solicited: reasonable. •
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms: ex-
cellent board: reasonable; table board.
O'FARRELL. 923— Large nicely furnished front
' room with board; private; $45 for two.
POST. 609. near Pleasant sunny rooms,
.with excellent board; meals at all hours.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front suite: bath; excellent board.
" RESTAURANTS.
PERINTB, 16 Mason French dinner. 50c:
lunch. 25c or a la carte: prl. rmg. for ladles.
CAMPI'S Restaurant: any 2 15c dishes, with
email coffee. 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner. 25c; 10 a. m. to B-
p.. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and- ice
cream ptr'lor. 1035 Market.: .popular r-ric--*.
. ' - CHILDRE:. BOARDED.
GOOD home for .chiMren, $S per month. .. 210
'Lexington ..near Nineteenth st. £/
LADY alone would' like 1 .or 2 children ■to
. 'board; good home; near sea. Address MRS.
-ri:XI. West Berkeley P-. O.
STOKES TO LET.
STORE and 2 living rooms.; cellar. Apply 4174
Third st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS,
THE wrong glasses will' ruin the strongest
eyes; any sensation of pain Is warning;
Mayerle's glasses 'relieve headache, painful
smarting,' Itching, discharging, burning,
twitching,' scratching, inflamed eyes and
failing sight; Danger Signals and Mayerle s
Self-fltting System mailed free; write to-day.
QEO MAYERLE. • German Expert Optician,
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians 1071% Market St., San Francisco.
MEDICAL. -y.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause) safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5- home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS DR. WYETH, 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to o and 7 to S
p."m.; Sunday; 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will tine in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home: consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed,
without injury to health, or money refunded,
by MRS. DR. GWYER. ElO Eddy St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4
and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
SO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong. $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or Instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $6; by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 31S Kearny St.
A— DR <■'■ W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. CDonnell
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, pave time and money:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
, free. Call or write. 1023% Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions-
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;*
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home: best medical attendance: pills, SI; cure,
$,"). 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
A TREATMENT that restores- instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at office, $.". ; travelers helped in-
stantly: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St., between
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 to 5 p. m.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention: terms mod-
erate: regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; Infants adopted into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs; over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and
7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
st. ; $1 f>o. Send "<- stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALT' HAT'S French pills, 1 boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OEGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
DR. and Mrs. Wis". Ills Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $6 up.
PRIVATE home In confinement: best refs.:
1.40% Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
Ifi page?, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS~we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash: bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some Brood pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Ptelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Putter
ptK., San FranciHCO, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW good bargains In uprights from $120
up. All guaranteed.
Weber, in fine order.
Estey. used very little.
Bradford, good as new; Knabe, used seven
months. Easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & CO. Chlckering Agents,
16-20 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houße
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
HORNUNG'S Pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st. .
MAGNIFICENT high-grade piano: little used;
sacrificed for cash. Room 12, Flood building.
$150 — ELEGANT upright; " stool, cover; on $5
Installments. 1115 Post rt
PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted; send
postal card to COOKE. MM Howard st.
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms. 1710 Mkt.
NEW pianos, stool and scarf. $3 per mo. rental.
SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $63 up: installments, 16 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
BOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent. m Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mangy, 308 Post at.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTTLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W.King, attorney at law; 6th
floor. Chronicle building: no advance charges;
estates, mortgages, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts, etc..
drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, S5O Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; all legal matters. J. B. EVANS.
14 McAllister st., near Hibernia Bank.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Bpreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free: no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
. EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining: as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, gaol-., min-
eralogy surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers day and evening: catalogue tree.
HEALD 8 BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
MERRILL-MILLER college; .shorthand, typing;
Individual instruction: new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rma. 572-6 Parrott bldg.
A-Y-RES' Business College, 723 Market st.:
shorthand typing; bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship,. ISO; low, rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates: day,
evening. SAN" FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 122S Market st. '
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. suryey. assay, arehi.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. "VAN DEB NAILLEN, 033 Market.
FRENCH, .Spanish,, etc. Prof. De Filippe's
Academy of Languages, "2" I..st j ablest pro
' CITY KEAL ESTATE.
SNAP— Elegan-t residence; lot 100x150; San Jose
aye., near Willow St.. Alameda; -worth $5000;
will sell for 13000; cash ?10C0, balance on
• time. ROBINSON, 22H Geary St., room 27.
WANTED. at onee — Income property; must be
cheap. Call A. M. SPECK « CO.. 667 Market.
WAY below cost: fine store and elegant flat,
6 rooms and bath: always rented. $60; lot
27:6x132:6. Premises, 3027 Sacramento st.
COUNTRY iIEAL INSTATE.
$5 TO $.30 an- acre: list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. . Cottopwood. Shasta County. Cal.
MARIN Co.. 26.'mlles from S. F.— S4" to ISO per
• acre: choice lands in tracts of all sizes: im-
" proved farms, rhieken ranches, hay. grain,
'fruit and vegetable -lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit:. good schools. HOME AND
. FAKM CO.. rm. 2.7. 3th floor. Mills bldg.. S. F.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
■ tracts: 2150 acres sold .to 120 families; 7500
acres- left. F.or particulars of immense crops
' raised in dry reason of 1597-9S address THE
CO.TATI CO.. California st.. S. F.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
•United States or Canada one year for $1.
' postage paid.
;£ PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
SNAP— Elegant residence lot 100x150; Fan Jose
aye.. near Willow St., Alameda: worth $5000;
will poll for $" " ensh JIOHO, balancp on time.
ROBINSON, 22U Geary Ft., room 27.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a whole: if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
elre; avoid red tape and publicity; see U3 first:
you wlir be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call €8-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission ; no delays. J.
NOONAN. • 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. J.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates: circu-
lar mailed to any address. R. GOULD, 131
Montgomery St.. S. F.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 546 Market st. : telephone Main 1644.
BORROW money on indorsed paper or your
salary: small loans a specialty: any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d and Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell St.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st.
ON furniture pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 688 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortjr. ;
any pr^no-=lt)"n Tirv^on. 413 Montgomery »t.
FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— Real estate. 2d mortK.. chat-
tels, etc. TTarner £• FCrHa"er 312 Kmnroin«»r big.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL HISTA-'E.
WRITE TO
E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
If you want a farm or home In a beautiful
land.
Fruit, dairy, agriculture or stock farm, large
or small: perfect titles; specialties of large
tracts for colonies. lumbermen or cattle
ranch in California and Mexico. For sale or
exchange. 1000 ranches, city residence and busi-
ness property, business chances, orange groves,
vineyards; houses rented; taxes paid; corre-
spondence solicited.
B. E. BUNCE, 903 Broadway, Oakland.
; $10— FOR rent. 6-room house; S3S Oak st.: also
lovely furnished flat with large back yard,
for $25 rent. ALDEN CO., 902 Broadway.
SO ACRES at Fruitval.': $200 per acre: reduced
from $1000. Apply quickly. ALDEN CO.,
902 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR BALES.
FURNITURE— Oood and cheap. H. SCHELI*-
HAAB' old utore. 408 Eleventh at. Sea aim.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$2000— COTTAGE. 6 rooms and bath; lot SJ:4xlso;
fine artesian well, windmill, etc.: easy terms.
$3100— Elegant new home. S rooms; lot 42x138;
Santa Clara aye. : terms $400 caßh, $25 per mo.
$2600— Naw Colonial cottage, 6 rooms; lot 42x
107; half block from station and high school;
terms $400 cash. $25 per month.
$3500— New house of S rooms; lot 40x150: flna
location; San Antonio aye.: Chestnut Station;
i terms $500 cash, $25 per month.
A fine business corner, !SxS2:G; store and flat
above; new and modern; must be sold; owner
going East.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda,
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
HANDSOME house and lot, 57x14(1; 9
rooms NE. corner Bants Clara and ran:.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
7-ROOM fiat, completely furnished; modern,
elegant furniture; all complete for housekeep-
ing: rent $40 per month. D. J. TOBIN. Real
Estate Agent, 2121 Stanford place, Berkeley.
TO LEI«E.
TO lrase— For wholesale and retail wine and
liquor business, store with large light base-
ment on very prominent downtown corner.
Apply to WILLIAM HENDRICKSON & CO.,
614 Call building.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
John de Faoll and Mary Ferogiaro 25-18
J. F. Fleming and Josephine E. Murphy.. 2S-I9
Jacob Creyer and Emma Oroirher 33-2S
Frank ScWultz and Caroline Fetsch 26-23
F. J. Ehrmann and Margaret T. Mull. 2S-22
Charles Barron and Lena Silver 27-22
Michael O'Toole and Delia Connolly 25-24
Josef Kuef nnd Katie Woerlein 39-25 .
Edward N. Sharp and Julia Smith 2S-26
Peter Andersen and Meta M. Homann 17-19
C. A. Westapher and Lizzie L. Royal — 35-27 ]
— — ■ . '
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per- j
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
FARRELL— In this city. March M, 18M. to the
wife of James H. Farrell of Mountain View.
a son.
GOLDSTONE— In this city. March 29. I 4 to
the wife of Mos A. Goldstone, a son.
KERNER— In this city. March 2:', UM, to the
wife of L. P. Kerner. a daughter.
SAMUELS— In this city, March 19, 1593, to the
wife of Sam Samuels, a son.
ZIMMERMAN— In this city, March 27. 1599, to
the wife of Ernest E. Zimmerman, a son.
~ MARRIED.
CONDEN— BARNES— In this city. March 29,
1899. by the Rev. Philip Coombe, .William D.
Conden and S. Adele Barnes, both of San
Francisco.
DIED. ~~~
Chiesa, Erminio Madden, Thomas
Crapuchettes, Marc Mason, William S.
Crowley, Timothy A. Mentz, John H.
Davis, Benjamin Munz. Willie
Delany, Thomas North, Minnie C.
Dowd, Maurice C. Norton. Jane
Duffy, Louisa Osborne, Theresa A.
Haines, Clifford Russell. Mary E.
Jordan. Mabel F. Silveira, Joao V. da I
Lieb. Charles W. Smith, William M.
Lewis, Mary Trampleasure, Helen 1
Lopez; Joseph Vincent, Annie M.
I.■ - ■ "
— —
Luhrs, Frederick Wellman. Ruth M.
McCue. Nellie Wlnegar, Ashbei B.
M. Master, Ellen F.
CHIESA— In the City and County Hospital,
March 30, 1899, Erminio Chiesa, a native or
California, aged 26 years.
CRAPUCHETTES— In Oakland. March 30, 1599,
Marc, beloved husband of Scalastique. and
' father of Leon and Leonie rapuchettes. a
native of France, aged 33 years.
CROWLEY-In this city. March 30. 1599, Tim-
othy A., beloved son of Timothy A. and
Mary Crowiey, a native of San Francisco,
aged 8 months and 1 day.
DAVIS— In this city, March 30. 1599, Benja-
min, beloved husband of Annie L. pay 19 -
-and father of Bennie Davis, a native of iNew
Orleans, La., aged 59 years and 3 montns.
rrFrien.la and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors or
the California Undertaking Company, wo
Powell street, corner of Post. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DELANY— In this city, March 29. 1899, Thomas,
beloved husband of the late Sarah Delany.
a native of County Wicklow. Ireland, aged
70 years.
[ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th.« funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 167 Octavia street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church. Fell and FMlmore streets,
where services will be held, commencing at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DOWD— In this city, March 30, 1?99, Maurice
C, dearly beloved and only son of Charles
J. and Annie E. Dowd. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 years and 10 months.
DUFFY— In this city, March 30. 18», Louisa,
beloved wife of John Duffy, daughter of the
late Edward and Elizabeth Barrett, niece of
Bridget Leary, and cousin of Mrs. F. L. San-
defur and Lizzie and Teresa Hartnett. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 32 years and 8
months. (Boston, Mass., papers please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 609 A Minna street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HAINES— In this city. March 2S, IS??. Clif-
ford Haines, a native of England, aged 32
years.
JORDAN— In Oakland. March 30. 1899. Mabel
F., daughter of William H. and Mrs. Mary
F. Jordan, a native of California, aged 19
years 1 month and 20 days.
LEWIS— In this city. March 30, IMB, Mary, be-
loved wife of A. M Lewis, and mother of
Mrs. E. Dosch. Ophelia and Arnold Lewis.
Mrs. A L. Neumann. Mrs. G. L. Grant and
the late Mrs. R. G. Willis, a native of Edin-
burgh, Scotland, aged 64 years 4 months and
2 day?.
C3"F» lends end acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
('Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter. 1271 Twenty-third avenue.
East Oakland. Interment Mountain view
Cemetery.
LI KB— ln this city. March 29. 1599. Charles W.
Lieb, beloved brother of William F.. Adam
H. and Henry H. Lieb, a native of Phila-
• delphia, aged 15 years 2 months and 26 days.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass. 917 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LOPEZ— In the City and County Hoepital,
March 31. 1599, Joseph Lopez, a native of
Mexico, aged 29 years.
LUHRS— this city. March 29. 1899, at his
residence, 327 Duncan street. Frederick, be-
loved husband of Sophie Luhrs. and father of
Henry. Elsie. Hilda and Gertrude Luhrs. a
native of Germany, aged 52- years and 8
months. A member of Noe Valley Lodge No.
185 A. O. U. W., and Court Star of the Mis-
sion No. 7197, A. O. F.
tT3Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
\pril 2 at 1 o'clock, from Mission Ma-
BoniC Temole. 2668 Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, under the
auspice? of Noe Valley Lodge No. 188, A. O.
U. W. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
McCUE— In this city. March 30, 1599, Nellie,
dearly . beloved wife of Timothy Mc< up.
mother of John P. McCue, sister of Mrs.
James Kelly, and sister-in-law of Thomas,
Stephen and James McCue and Mrs. Doran.
a native of the parish of Minlough, County
Oalway, Ireland, aßed 31 years.
C'T'Kr'fnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1367 Stevenson street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services, to commence
at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
McMASTER— In Alameda. March 30. 1899. Ellen
F . beloved wife of the late William McMas-
ter. a native of Ireland.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
MADDEN— In this city, March 29. 1599. Thomas
Madden a native of County Roscommon.
Ireland, aged 30 years. (Chicago, 111., paper*
please copy.
tETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitd to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
I lors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy ctreet. Inter-
| ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MASON— In Portland. Or.. March 2«. 1899, Wil-
liam S. Mason,- a native of Virginia.- aged 8i
years.
CyFurieral services ' to-morrow (Saturday),
at 2 o'clock, at Golden Gate Commandery
Hall 627 gutter street, under the auspices of
Golden Gate Commandery No. 16. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
MENTZ— In this city, March 29, 1899. John
Henry Mentz, beloved father of Ida and
Harry Mentz. a native of Russia, aged 77
years 10 months and 15 days. '
(CTFuneral services to-morrow (Saturday),
at 1:30 o'clock, at Masonic Temple, corner
Post and Montgomery streets, under the aus-
pices of California Lodge No. 1. F. and A.
M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MUNZ— In Oakland, March 30, 1599. Willie, be-
loved son of Heinrike and the late Andreas
Munz, and brother of Carrie and Minnie
Munz, a native of Oakland, aged 9 years 1
month and 10 days.
(C?'F: !encln ana acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
\rril 2 at 2 O'clock, from the family resl-
' de'nce. 421 East Twelfth street. East Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery-
NORTH— East Oakland. March 30. 1*99, at
1768 Eleventh avenue, Mihnie C. beloved wife
of Samuel D. North, and mother of Ida Os-
good North, a native of Denver, Colo., aged
24 years 11 months and 18 days.
IT? Notice of funeral hereafter.
NORTON— In this city. March 30, 1899. Jane
Norton, beloved mother of John Callan. and.
sister of John and the late Joseph and Wil-
liam Smithurst and Sarah Eade. a native of
! Jersey City, N. J., aged 43 years 11 months
and IS days.
lC?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 244 Clara street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Thirl and Townsend streets.
OSBORNE— In Oakland, March 30, 1899. Theresa
A beloved wife of L. M. Osborne. daughter
of ' Mr. and Mrs. Louis Selby. and mother of
Rhoda OFborne, a native of Oakland, aged 21
years 5 months and 11 days. (Chicago papers
please copy.)
(T7"FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 502 Eighteenth street, thence to • th»
Church of St. Francis de Sales, where serv-
ices will be held, commencing at 2:30 p clock.
Interment St. Marys Cemetery, Oakland.
RUSSELL— In this city. March 30. 1599, Mary
Ellen beloved daughter of Norah and the
late rick Russell, and sister of Patrick
and Norah Russell, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years and 10 months.
1 Friends .>U(i acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
April 2 at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 44 Gilbert street, thence to St. Rose's
Chu-ch where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SILVEIRA— the City and County Hospital,
March 9 1899, Joao Veterino da Silveira, a
native of' Azores Islands, aged 27 years.
SMlTH— Entered Into rest In this city, March
28 1899 William M. Smith, a native of New-
burn N. C, Hired 76 years 11 months and 24
days. (Washington. D. C, papers pleas»
C °C?"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
this day (Friday), at 11 o'clock, at his
late residence. 1008 Leavenworth street. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
TRAMPLEASURE— In this city, March 30.
1899, Helen A., beloved wife of Thomas E.
Tra'mpleasure, and mother of Edward H. and
the late Albert M. Trampleasure, a native of
Rhode Island, aged 58 years.
VINCENT— In this city. March 29. 1599. Annie
M beloved wife of James B. Vincent, and
mother of Hazel Vincent, a native of Den-
mark, aged to years and 7 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 309 Clipper street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
WELLM In Alameda, March 30, 1599. Ruth
May. Infant daughter of W. B. and Jule W.
Wellman. aged I months.
(CTFuneral private.
WINEGAR— In this city. March 4. IS9S, Ash-
bel B . beloved husband of Jan' 'I. Winesar,
and father of Charles E-, Harry P.. George
11 and Edward M. Winegar. a native of
Sp'rlngport. N. V-, aged 78 years 3 months
and 15 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitd to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. C Bunker & Co.. 1666 Mission
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third, Mission Masonic TemDle. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS. .
We take this means of thanking the many
friends and relatives for the sympathy and
flowers extended to us In our late bereave-
ment ■ His sorrowful widow and children.
MARY and PETER KROGH.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERB.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
McAVX)Y <fc CO., 3
FUNEKAI. DiUliuTußS & EJIBALiIEM I
USS Market st.. between co., I
rUNEiiAI. uluiiLlußS v* E.MtJ,vI_MEB» I
1226 Market at., between Bth and »ta_
Telephone. South 147. I
1112
ESTABLISHMENTS LICENSED
TO DEBAUCH THE YOUNG AND
PANDER TO THE DEPRAVED
Market-Street Phonograph Parlors Permitted by
the Authorities to Offer a Daily Outrage
Upon the People of This City.
Children Corrupted by Indecent Sights and Sounds — A Pub
lic Evil Which Has Grown to Appalling
Power.
THE attention of pedestrians was
attracted last night by an un
usual scene on Market street
above Powell. A crowd of boys,
just liberated from their duties
at an evening school, were throng
ing into an establishment which for
months has been an affront and an
insult to those whose necessity or in
clination prompts them to use the main
thoroughfare of the city. The place.
Into which the children thronged, was
brilliantly lighted. The discordant, in
harmonious sounds of a phonograph
attracted attention and solicited a pat
ronage that meant moral pollution in
its satisfaction. Two boys In the place
told the story of a new evil whi *h has
grown with inconceivable rapidity in
the c;ty.
These boys stood before a "muto
prr.pe" above which was the allurine:
nlgn "for men only." The elder of the
twu had dropped a nickel into the ma
chine and, quickly grasping his young
er and smaller companion, he lifted
lilm until the little fellow's eyes could
follow the moving scenes that inflamed
his Imagination with corrupting
thought. The incident meant a profit
of 5 ce!it3 to the proprietor of the place
and a lasting lesson in Immorality to
the child.
This evil has worked an insidious pro
press in the city for many months. The
police, with customary ignorance, di
not know of its existence. The local
society whose aim it is to suppress
vice, at least in its open expression, is
Tdind to the fact that decent men and
women are affronted by the glaring
advertisement of indecent show shops
and that children are corrupted by
sights and sounds which are flaunted
on the main thoroughfare of the city.
Protest after protest has been made
against these establishments, but no
material result has followed complaint.
The "phonograph parlor" has become a
recognized and legitimate business in
dustry in the city. For some reason
best known to those who are financial
ly interested the police are deaf, dumb
and blind to the existence and the char
acter of these places. In this city the
phonograph and the "vitascope" have
become instruments of the grossest im
morality. On Market street, between
Mason and Kearny, establishments are
conducted to debase the minds and
morals of children, to outrage the de
cency of reputable men and women and
to pander to the lowest and vilest as
pirations of the debased.
A powerful corporation is the feeder
for these Places, and municipal tolera
tion is the right by which they exist.
Their location needs, perhaps, no de
scription for the people of the city who
are affronted by them daily in sight
and hearing. For the benefit of the po
lice and for the officers of the local so
ciety, whose aim is to suppress vice, it
should be stated that the head and
front of the evil is located in the es
tablishment of Peter Bacigalupi at 1030
Market street. Bacigalupi is the pio
neer in phonographic filth and through
him the other local retail sellers of this
commodity receive their supplier.
The evil has grown to such dimen
sions that a plain statement of its char
acter has become a public duty. A de
scription of the establishment of Baci
galupi will illustrate thoroughly the
character of every other "phonograph
parlor" in the city. In this indecent
show shop at 1030 Market street there
are phonographs, "vitascopes," "muto-
Bcopes," "artoscopes" and electrical ap
pliances of many sorts. An unmusical
phonograph with horn* attachment as
saults the ears of pedestrians day and
right. Crowds throng into the place
and choose what sight or sound suits
the fancy. Over the "mutoscopes."
eloquent in their dumb presentation of
vicious scene?, are placed sain- 1^ pic
tures of those that move under the
charm of a 5-cent piece.
M m and women are attracted to the
plact under the impression that it af
fords a decent and innocent diversion.
When they have entered tlvy an' in-
Bulted by lewd pictures, suggestive
songs and the ribald remarks of loafers
inspired by the foul scenes of the muto
scope. Protest has availed nothing und
the pla.ee thrives. Tender the false
colors of art indecent moving pictures
are displayed. Scenes of every sort
that may inflame the imagination of
the young and satisfy that "f the de
praved are in public view and yet the
police are ignorant of the evil and its
How Market-Street Phonograph Parlors Teach Boys and Girls a Lasting
Lesson in Immorality.
consequences.
Children of ail ages are admitted and
may for -a 5-cent piece be debased as
they could not be perhaps in any other
public place in the city. If one enjoys
the confidence of Bacigalupi that
worthy •will condescend to place in his
phonograph dialogues and songs that
are shocking In their immorality and
gross-, indecent suggestion. Bacigalupi
has a plentiful store of such things,
but they arc reserved for the delecta
tion of select patrons. The owner has
become a notorious panderer to the
young and the vicious and he offers his
wares with a single thought cf what
shall be the best profit.
At 848 Market street is another es
tablishment similar in character tc that
conducted by Bacigalupi. This concern
is operated by M. Kollman, a cigar
dealer. The place is thoroughly open
to the public. Its suggestive, indecent
pictures and moving scenes are free
to every possessor of a 5-cent piece.
Boys and girls are daily corrupted in
the shop and those that care may sice
upon young faces expressions that
should not be there. M. Kollman, like
his associates, enjoys a municipal
license to corrupt the young of the city.
At 730 Market street is anothe.- "pho
nograph parlor" weighed w:th its im
moral merchandise and appealing for
public patronage. At 415 Kearny street
is still another that i 3 crowded day and
night by men, women and children.
There has never been in this city
perhaps so flagrant an outrage upon
public decency as these establishments
offer, yet the authorities, v.ith every
warrant to act, are inactive. The Su
pervisors have adopted laws to sup
press this immoral traffic, but the laws
are inoperative. There are at least
four municipal ordinances that make
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 31, 1899.
the proprietors of the indecent places
amenable to punishment, but punish
ment is not inflicted and suppression
has not been attempted.
In hundreds of saloons and public
resorts these moving pictures and viLe
exhibitions have been distributed. In
decent placards are placed above each
to allure and attract. Curious people,
careful of their nickels, may in each
machine receive a sample view, and
ii" satisfied may then purchase the rest
of the disgusting exhibition. Thou
sands upon thousands of dollars have
been invested in the business and a
tremendous daily revenue is the result.
A powerful corporation has been or
ganized to debauch the young and to
insult the decent elements of the city.
Men and women are employed to pose
for outrageous scenes, and then the
vile presentations are offered for the
inspection of the boys and girls of the
city. Loafers are hired to sing ribald
songs into a phonograph and the de
bauching sounds are sold into the lis
tening ears of children.
The corporation that controls the in
dustry in this city is wealthy and pow
erful. The directors of the concern
are as follows: C. M. Koolsaac. S.
Friedlander, G. Payne, P. E. Ryan.
Peter Bacigalupi, H. Green and J.
O'Brien. These men control the des
tinies of the great vice breeder and
flood the town with machines that in
any community, except San Francisco
perhaps, would be suppressed as con
trary to public morals.
SCHOOL JANITORS
MUST HAVE A PULL
THE SCALING OF SALARIES
CREATES A STIR.
Proposition to Change Principals
From One School to Another in
the Interest of Efficiency.
The action taken by the Board of Edu
cation Wednesday in ordering a general
reduction in the wages paid to janitors
in the employ of the department has had
the effect of creating a great stir among
the employes affected by the cut. The
reduction amounts to about 7M per cent
of the. total salary roll and effects a sav
ing to the department of $881 50 a month.
The system of paying janitors a fixed
sum per month for each room under their
care will afford the Janitors* Committee
of the Board of Education an opportunity
to do some good work. The number of
roomp assigned to each janitor is fixed
by the committee. Those janitors who
have sufficient "pull" to get plenty of
rooms assigned to them will not suffer on
account of the new order of things. Those
who have no friends at court will be
forced to accept such scanty crumbs as
fall to their lot.
There is a feeling among the members
of the Board of Education that the pol
icy of allowing principals to remain in
one school from year to year is a bad
ore nnd has resulted in many of the
teachers becoming fossilized and of com
paratively small value. In order to aseer
ta"in how far this may be true and at the
name time inaugurate a new order of
things, it is proposed to transfer prin
cipals from one school to another.
SLOW PROGRESS IN
ANTI-GAMBLING CASE
BUT FIVE JURORS SECURED TO
TRY H. L. JONES.
Attorney Ach"s Motion to Discharge
the Entire Panel on a Techni
cality Is Denied.
The tedious work of securing: a jury to
try H. L. Jones, charged with violating
the new anti-poolselling ordinance, ■* H3
resumed before Judge Mogan in Police
Court No. 1 yesterday afternoon. At the
hour or adjournment the following had
been finally acepted as jurors in the case:
George McLeod, G59 Howard street.
G. B. Larose, butcher, 535 Valencia.
D. Black, salesman, 804 Webster.
F. B. Norton, provision merchant, 715
Cole street.
Bernard Bradley, painter, 1264 Eddy
street.
Up to the present time the defense has
made use of five peremptory challenges
and the prosecution ihree. Ten witnesses
have been excused for cause, generally
for having formed opinions as to the guilt
or innocence of the accused. At the pres
ent rate it will take all of next week to
ml the jury box with "good men and
true," who will fully meet the exacting
requirements of Attorney Ach.
Mr Ach was in an objecting mood yes
terday, and the record of the proceedings
bears convincing evidence of this fact. He
objected to the questioning of veniremen
by the court, to the manner in which
they were called into the jury box, and
finally moved that the entire panel be dis
charged because one of the hundred citi
zens sumonod informed the court that he
had not been personally served with a
summons. These objections were over
ruled, as were a score of others of less
attorney for the bookmakers is evi
dently determined that no man shall have
a voice in determining the fate of his
client who is a subscriber for The Call or
who has even a passing acquaintance
with any person connected with it In
reeard to other newspapers published in
San Francisco, he was not quite so partic
ular, although his questions to the venire
men Indicated that he preferred a jury
nf men not in the habit of reading the
iaily Vapors. He also manifested a desire
to exclude from the jury box any and
.very man who was personally acquaint
ed with any member of the Police D«
nartment or who had any relative or
iend thus favored. The case was con
tinued until next Tuesday afternoon at
I o'clock.
Templar's April Fool.
To-morrow night Templar Rebekah
Lodge, I. O. O. F., will give an April fool
party in Memorial Hall, Odd Fellows'
building, at which there will be. according
to the announcement of the committee on
entertainment, a "fund of amusement."
TWO MORE WEIGHERS
SUSPENDED FROM DUTY
SHARKEY AND QUINT FOLLOW
RHODES.
Assistant Weighers Thomas J. Sharkey
and Douglass IT. Quint were suspended
from duty yesterday by request of Spe
cial Agents Lfnck and Smith, who are in
vestigating the charges of drunkenness
and absence from duty which have been
preferred against them and against
Weigher Rhodes, who was suspended on
the preceding day. It came to the knowl
edge of the special agents that Rhodes,
Sharkey and Quint had been attempting
to intimidate witnesses by threatening to
have similar charges of drunkenness pre
ferred against them if they should testify
against the accused.
The accusations against the three men
are serious, and the evidence taken thus
far indicates that those charges are well
founded. Intoxication seems to have
been regarded as one of the virtues of
the weighers' department, the three ac
cused men being the most conspicuous
examples of dereliction of duty. Evidence
against Rhodes is accumulating-, and the
fact that he has been 9. persistent bor
rower of money from fellow laborers in
the Federal vineyard and a constant for
getter of financial obligations when pay
day came around, has also been brought
up.
The special agents say that they are
determined to probe the matter to the
bottom, and to uncover irregularities of
conduct not only in the weighers' but in
every other department in the Custon»
House, if it should require three year*,
to accomplish the work. They invite in
formation as to Irregularities and will
hold all such information as confiden
tial. All that is necessary is to push the
button and the agents will do the rest.
Artists' materials, house and floor paints
and fine bath enamels cheap at Sanborn
& Vails. •
RELIEF COMMISSION HAS
CLOSED UP ITS AFFAIRS
Pocket Veto of the Bill Reimbursing
Claus Spreckels Stops Further Aid
to Drought Sufferers.
Balance of the Fund Returned to the Gentleman,
Who Requests That the Notes Given by
Assisted Farmers Be Canceled.
In view of the refusal of Governor Gage to sign the bill en
abling them to continue their labors, the commission appointed by
ex-Governor Budd to furnish relief to the drought sufferers in Mon
terey and San Luis Obispo counties has decided to terminate its
labors. The necessary steps were taken at a meeting held yester
day in the Mills building. There were present all the members of
the commission, F. W. Dohnnann, president of the Merchants' As
sociation, chairman; Mayor Phelan and A. B. Spreckels, president
of the State Agricultural Society.
The commissioners decided unanimously, even though they
realized that more relief was needed, to return to Mr. Claus Spreck
els the undisturbed balance of the $25,00 vhe had advanced for the
drought sufferers.
It was found from the books of the commission that $11,675 82
had b-en advanced from this funr" to the needy, leaving a balance of
$13,324 18. For the return of this to Mr. Spreckels a resolution was
adopted, and the money will be refunded within a few days. To rep
resent the $ 11,675 82 advanced there are in the hands of the com
mittee unsolicited promissory notes representing $9784 20. These
notes were forced on the agents of the commission by those seeking
relief but refusing to accept it unless they were allowed to give
their promises to pay.
These notes, at the special request of Mr. Claus Spreckels, the
commission decided to return to their makers, and Secretary L. M.
King was so instructed.
At the quarterly meeting of the Merchants' Association last
night President F. W. Dohnnann made the following brief state
ment of the work of the Relief Commission:
"When the cry of distress came up from the drought-stricken
counties in the southern part of the State last fall Governor Budd,
who was in San Francisco, called upon one of our leading citizens
to advance funds for the needed relief. The request was unhesi
tatingly granted, and Mr. Claus Spreckels advanced $25,000, with
the promise of $25,000 more if needed, with the understanding that
it was to be returned by the State. Your superintendent was sent
south and spent six weeks investigating the condition of the people
in need of assistance and distributing relief. We have just learned
that the money will not be returned to Mr. Spreckels, as, for some
reason, the Governor refused to approve the bill passed by the Leg
islature providing for its payment. I am pleased to state, how
ever, that the commission has received a letter from Mr. Spreckels
donating all the money thus far expended by the commission and
directing that all the notes given by the farmers in the stricken
community for sums advanced be returned to them with his com
pliments."
OX the first page of The Call <>f
December 20, 1898, appears a
statement of the advance of $2f>,
--000 to the State by Mr. Claus
Spreckels, to relieve sufferers by
the drought in Monterey and San Luis
Obispo counties. The head lines over
the statement read:
JLAUS SPRECKELS ADVANCES
$25,000 TO RELIEVE
STARVING FARMERS,
for Fifty Thousand Proffered to
Governor Budd— Committee of Lead
ing Citizens Appointed to Distri
bute the Relief Fund.
Then followed this statement:
3 Plans were devised and put into o
s> effect yesterday that will afford <$>
0 ample and immediate relief for the o
) <>.< stitute farmers in Monterey and <?>
3 S;m Luis Obispo counties. In The O
•' Call of last Sunday statements <$>
? were published describing the ex- O
J> tent and nature of the destitution ♦
£ in that region. The intelligence O
% conveyed to The Call was at the *
~ same time placed before Governor °
* Hudd, who announced at once that ***
•> prompt measures would be taken O
$> to provide temporary relief and <?>
0 bridge over the distress until the O
?> Legislature convened. <$>
D Yesterday a representative of 6
» this paper waited on Governor <♦>
0 Hudd a.nd referred to the fact that O
e> at one time in the history of the <?>
3 State, when no public money was O
* immediately available for the sup-
j> port of one of the State institu- O
tions, Charles Crocker advanced %
t from his own means the sum of 9
$50,000, and was subsequently reim-
1 bursed by the State through ac- X
3 tion of the Legislature. The Gov- T
p ernor remarked that there might %
3 be some difficulty at this time in q
t> finding a man so generous and <«>
3 public-spirited as to advance the o
£ money needed to alleviate the dis- <$>
3 tress in the counties mentioned, o
» The representative of The Call <g>
3 suggested that the Governor go O
j» with him and present the case to <$>
0 Claus Spreckels. The suggestion q
is was readily accepted, and they <*,
3 called on Mr. Spreckels, who lis- o
tened with close attention to the ,
2> Governor's statement of the situ- %
q> ;ition, and then, without hesita- %
0 tion, Mr. Spreckels proffered his A
S> check for $50.i«0.
O Governor Budd had no thought q
§ of suggesting a greater sum than <j>
b $25,000, hence he was surprised and o
"> gratified beyond measure at Mr.
O Spreckels' prompt and generous O
response. The Governor, upon re- <$>
flection, decided that one-half of o
~- v the amount named by Mr. Spreck- <$>
9 els would be sufficient to meet the 6
¥ urgent necessities of the situation. 4>
? "Very good." remarked Mr. O
o Spreckels, "we will make the 4>
check for $25.(K.<0, with the assur- O
O ance that if $25,000 more is required <«>
you can have it."
O The Governor, desiring that Mr. £
6> Spreckels should clearly compre- *r
o hend the case, explained that the *
question of reimbursement would O
* rest wholly with the Legislature. <$>
7 The latter manifested no uneasl- O
ness on that score. He said he had
9 given away larger sums than that o
X and if the amount should not be v
Z, repaid he could get along very well O
n without it. He said he was taking *
£ care of fifty families in that re- O
O gion and had already advanced 4»
<h $50,000 to the farmers of that lo- O
O eallty, which would be repaid, he
>♦> fancied, when they were favored %
-_ with good crops.
•5> The whole question of affording 9
O relief to those in need of assist- <J>
3> ance is now disposed of until the o
O Legislature sees nt to make an
<£ appropriation of public money. «
O The relief can be quietly and
♦ speedily afforded in a systematic "
O and methodical manner. There V
Q> will be no occasion for printing a r
O picture of every person obtaining X
help, together with his name and ,
O biography. A sack of flour may be JJ
,^> Bent to a family in need of it, and °
o illustration of the family tree will ♦
■. rot be required as a condition of O
£ rcllof. <?>
Now that all the money needed o
q has been secured there will be no <$>
*> excuse for importuning merchants O
q of the city every hour of the day <J>
.-, to contribute either cash or mer- O
q chandise. Should Governor Budd ♦
find the sum of $25,000 inadequate he O
O can go to Claus Spreckels and get 3*
$> $25,000 more. There will be noth- O
O ing to justify any individual or ♦
;•> any community in organizing: a 9
6 begging expedition to visit the *
$> Eastern cities of the country. The 9.
o great and rich St.itt- of California y
•■ will amply provide clothing, sub- y
O sistenco and seed for the dis- '?
• trussed farmers. The greatest dan- V
O ger now confronting the State is q'
3> that an army of beggars will take %
° the field and in the name of starv- _
♦ ing humanity seek to collect °
money for needy farmera. O
" When the Legislature convenes <«>
£ there will be in the State treasury o
g the sum of $4.0T0,000. At present <*>
q the amount exceeds $2,000,000, but O
X it cannot be appropriated for any <$>
q use until an uct of the Legislature O
X authorizes an appropriation. The <«>
o Governor, observing that the State O
<£> has appropriated more than $1,000,- <•»
O 000 for the support of agricultural O
a fairs, in which horseracing is the <$>
1. chief feature of the rural display, o
*r contends that there is ample au- <j>
<v thority to use the public funds to ~
O relieve actual distress among the V
<£ farmers. He is confident that one %
O of the iirst acts of the incoming 9
•$ Legislature will be the enactment '
O of a measure to reimburse Claus 9
•*■ Spreckels for the money advanced £
O on the credit of the State to help 9
<*> the distressed farmers of Monte- q
O rey and San Luis Obispo counties. 9
* When Governor Budd went to A
9 Mr. Dohrmann's place of business <J>
* yesterday to ask Mr. Dohrmann q
0 to serve on the committee, he <£
£ found a solicitor there importun- A
° ing the merchant for a relief con- a,
1 tribution. The Governor put an q
9 end to the soliciting negotiation by <§>
;l the prompt remark: "There is no q
need. Mr. Dohrmann, of making <*>
1 any contributions to this cause. I o
a, am the Governor of the State; I
q understand the situation and am o
a in a position to take care of the <s>
JT distressed farmers. The great o
° State of California is not asking or V
<v authorizing any one to solicit re- **
O lief. All the money needed is °
t raised, and what I desire now is a
O proper and timely distribution of O
<$> the funds at my command."
O The Governor's interruption up- O
<$> set the solicitor, but gratified Mr.
O Dohrmann. Doubtless many other O
<£ merchants were interviewed *yes- ***
O terday and urged to get in and y
<J> give something to somebody. %
9 The sentiment of the mercantile 9
* community i\a expressed yester-
O day after the fact was made *
* known that Mr. Spreckels had ad- 9
O vanced money to afford ample re-
X lief was to the effect that no fur- t
o ther mention of the distress
* should be publicly made. The °
O point was raised that the distress "*>
<s> was confined to a small section of O
O the State and was not in the na- <^
<§> ture of a calamity which the o
q whole world was invited to con- <§>
<^> template, but on the other hand o
O was a little family affair, which <$►
,^> concerned Californians only, and o
O which the State was able to take ■&
<^ care of. It was suggested that no O
6 further reference should be made <&
<•> to the subject until the committee O
O was able to render a report of the <$>
<& distribution of the relief funds. O
The bill to reimburse Mr. Spreckels
for this advance passed both houses of
the Legislature, and on March 20. be
ing still in the hands of the Governor
waiting his approval, correspondence
by wire and mail took place between
him and the president of the relief com
mission, which is explained in the fol
lowing letter:
o SAN FRANCISco, March 2S.—
Z, Hon. Henry T. Gage, Governor £
X of the State of California, State £
X Capitol, Sacramento, Cal: X
O Dear Sir: On the 20th inst. the £
A following telegram was sent to °
you by the Relief Commission: <*>
•» Demands for aid to suffer- °
£ ing farmers in San Luis °
O Obispo and Monterey coun- o
o ties are very pressing. Relief £
<*> commission awaiting your <s>
° action concerning bill to re- £
o fund Claus Spreckels before o
q disti-ibuting balance of funds
* on hand. Kindly give early <*>
° decision. 2
6 Tn response to the above tele- o
<?> gram the following telegraphic <♦>
O answer has been received from o
* you: <g>
2 Did not the Examiner do- °
o nate the sum of five thousand o I
o dollars to the sufferers on the |
* occasion referred to ? Did not <$>
° Claus Spreckels make a dona- 9
o tion of twenty-five thousand o
o dollars also to the sufferers
about the same time P Did not <£
;. the San Francisco Call and the °
o San Francisco Examiner both o
o publish in glowing colors the ' o
acts above referred to as deeds •
<; of beneficence, and present <«>
o cuts of the checks drawn by o
o the individuals referred to in q
* prominent places in their jour- ♦
4 nals for the admiration of the £
o people of this State P If these t
o were gifts of course the al- o
leged bill is void. Please an- 3>
s> swer fuily so that I may give
9 the early decision referred to. c
O Complying with your request. I c
- bCS to reply fully as follows: ♦
O Upon December 19 l&jjj e x- °
• Governor Budd called on me and ♦
o stated that he bad arranged with r
•• Mr. Claua Spreckela tor an ad
o vaine of sj.'i.ooo, expecting this to '
<?> be refundfd by act of Legislature '
O later on, for the purpose of af- l
<?> fording immediate relief to the «
O unfortunate sufferers from the 9
• drought in San Luis Obiapo and '
O Monterey counties of this State,
<*> and prevent their cry of distress '
o from spreading abroad to the in- °
<£ jury of the good name of Call- '
O fornia. Governor Budd then re- l
**> quested me as president of the *
O Merchants' Association to act up- C
<* on a relief commission to expend *
O these funds, the other two mem- °
<v bers of the commission being x
o Hon. James D. Phelan. Mayor of °
<§> San Francisco, and Hon. A. B.
O Spreckels, president of the State p
■§> Agricultural Society.
O The relief commission organized
v by appointing me as its chair- '
O man. The work of ascertaining
* the actual wants of the sufferers *-.
° and distributing relief throughout °
♦ the distressed district was per- <%
O formed gratuitously by the Mer- 9.
®> chants' Association through its '
O superintendent and his assistant. 9
<& These gentlemen visited all parts ">
O of the afflicted territory and re- 9"
$> lieved the actual want of the •
O sufferers to the extent of supply- O
♦ Ing feed for their famishing ♦
O stock and provisions and modi- O
<?> cine wherever needed. As a re- J
O suit of this work of distribution' f
<*> a balance of nearly half the- sum
O remains unexpended.
Since then, on account of the
O continued drought, only lately re- \
® lieved by rain, many additional '•*
O cases of suffering, as well as re- c
<8> newed applications of those al- /i -
O ready temporarily relieved, have °
■$> been accumulating to such an ex- *
O tent that this commission, though ~
<*> having accomplished its primary '
O work, would gladly extend fur-
j» ther relief, for which the balance
° available will barely sufllce. °
3* Under these circumstance s, anrt &
O without at any time conferring <*
♦ with Mr. <"lavs Spreckels regard- '
O ing his wishes in the matter, the <
<$> commission was anxious to know <
O the final result of the bill passed '
<§> by the Legislature for refunding
O this money. Jf the bill became a
<§> law the commission would then,
O of course, feel in duty bound to
<§> extend the relief asked for to the
O extent of the balance of the fund.
<?> If it did not become a law the
O commission would feel bound to
<J> ascertain from Mr. Claus Spreck- -
O els whether he desired to donate <
<s> the whole amount advanced by
O him, or to have the balance re- C
<i> turned and otherwise disposed of, ♦
O which would enable the commis- C
<^ slon to complete its duties and be <•
O relieved from further responsl- O
<?> billty. ♦>
O Neither In sending its telegram C
<S> nor in presenting the above facts ♦
O does this commission presume to O
<$> urge upon your Excellency what '^
O course to take regarding the bill O
<«> In question, but it hopes that you <3>
O will consider its request for an O
<s> early, decision funy justified by <$
O the circumstances. O
<$> Assuming that the above expla- ♦
O nation makes it unnecessary to o
<$> answer questions pertaining to re- <•>
O ported donations of other parties, O
<§> or publish versions of the 4
O transactions between ex-Governor O
<$> Budd and Mr. Claus Spreckels, '♦>
O for which the commission is not <?>
a responsible. I remain, respectfully O
O jours, P. W. DOHR.MANN, *>
<6> Chairman Relief Convmittee. O
Instead of donating $5000, as stated
by Governor Gage, the Examiner, a?
shown by the record, subscribed S2oO
and was promoting a begging expedi
tion from store to store to raise a fund.
The Governor's incautious statement'
as to the advance made by Mr. Spreck.
els is sufficiently answered by the fore
going.
Emergencies by flood, fire and famin'
occur often, and the attitude of th
Governor toward those who suffer by
them and whose relief is a matter o J
public policy and of official concern
ivill require much explanation, mas
much as it is understood he killed th<
ippropriation for drought relief for rea
sons other than those given to Mr.
Dohrmann.
Regarding the reimbursement of Mr.
Charles Crocker for money advanced
by him for the maintenance of San
3uentin Prison in ISSS, referred to in
rhe Call's article of December 20,
luoted above, the legislative acts fo
iis relief are as follows:
CHAPTER XLIV. °
0 An act to determine the amount o
§> and to provide for the payment of <£
3 a deficiency In the support of the o
$> State Prison at San Quentin, for ,$>
3 the thirty-fifth and thirty-sixth 6
«> fiscal years. <3>
0 (Approved March 9, 1885.) o
$> The people of the State of Call- <^
£ fornia, represented in Senate and O
*> Assembly, do enact as follows:
0 Section 1. It is hereby made the O
9 duty of the State Board of Examl- ♦
3 ners to compute the amount equit- O
V ably due to Chartes Crocker, on <*>
3 account of money advances by him o
S> made, at the request of the Board <i>
0 of State Prison Directors, and the o
t> written consent of the State Board •«>
0 of Examiners, for the support of o
S> the State Prison at San Quentin, <•>
0 during the thirty-fifth and thirty- o
J> sixth fiscal years, and to certify ..
0 the sum found due, as aforesaid, o
«> to the Controller, who is hereby di- <i>
O rected to draw his warrant on the
<«> State Treasurer for such amount, q
O and the State Treasurer is in- a
0 structed to pay the same. q
Sec. 2. The sum of seventy-five <£
0 thousand dollars is hereby appro- o
8> priated out of any money in the
0 State Treasury not otherwise ap-
§► propriated, for the payment of V
0 such amount as may be found due q
$> to Charles Crocker, under the pro- "
0 visions of section lof this act. !;
S> Sec. 3. This act shall take effect °
O immediately.
q CHAPTER XLIII. <*>
An act to determine the amount 2
O and to provide for the payment of x.
a a deficiency in the support at the "r
o State Prison at San Quentin, for
% the thirty-fifth and thlrty-sixtn "
q fiscal years. o
i^ (Approved March 9, ISSo.') <^
O The people of the State of Call- o
S> fornia, represented in Senate and .*>
O Assembly, do enact as follows: o
* Section 1. It is hereby made the o
O duty of the State Board of Examl- <*>
$ ners to compute the amount equit- o
O ably due to Charles Crocker, on g
s> account of money advances by him
O made, at the request of the Board -
* of State Prison Directors, and the o
9 written consent of the State Board "
of Examiners, for the purchase J*
° of jute for manufacturing pur- "
* poses, at the State Prison at San
° Quentin, during the thirty-fifth «
and thirty-sixth fiscal years, and £
° to certify the sum found due, as "
aforesaid, to the Controller, who
O is hereby direcw to draw his war- ~
A rant on the State Treasurer for 9
n such amount, and the State Ireas-
& urer is instructed to pay the same. '
n Sec. 2. The sum of eleven thou- O
% sand dollars is hereby appropn- gated
* ated out of money in the State o
Z Treasury not otherwise appropria- J>
n ted. for the payment of such O
S amount as may be found due to
A Charles Crocker, under the pro- O
» visions of section lof this act.
3 Sec. 3. This act shall take effect o
$ immediately. *
Evangelist Moody Departs.
Dwl"ht 1.. Moody delivered his farewell
lecture at the Y. M. C. A. Hair "Wednes
day afternoon. It was entitled "The New
Birth " At its conclusion the evangelisi
requested those who were not Christians
to raise their right hands. Only one hand
n the vast audience went up. The man
ivho raised the hand was complimented
or his courage. Moody said good-by and
departed for Salt Lake City Wednesday
evening. _
W. K. Vanderslice's Will.
The will of W. K. Yanderslice, th«
wealthy jeweler who died March 12. was
filed for probate yesterday. The family
residence ;tt 2702 California street is de
vised to Janette R. and Hermine Vander
sliee, dauKhters of the testator. The re
sidue of .the estate, the value of which
ih 1 . at present unknown, is bequeathed In
equal shares to four children.
Bear Admiral Schley writes about
the most thrilling moment of his life,
in next Sunday's Call.