VOLUME LXXXY- NO. 152.
FILIPINOS
ARE BETWEEN
TWO FIRES
Must Either Face Hostile
Tribes or Battle With
American Troops.
PEACE SOON EXPECTED
•
General Otis Denies Proposals of i
Aguinaldo's Agents, and Proposes
to Proceed With the War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, April 30 8:10 p. m.- 1
While it is the general expec- j
tat ion among Americans that j
the Filipino emissaries will re- I
turn with revised proposals
from General Antonio Luna. Major-
General Otis is not letting this pros
pect interfere with his preparations for
pushing the war. Yesterday he ordered
Major Genera] Lawton t<> return tv
Angat. a few miles northwest of Nor
zagarac and not to advance aggres- ; .
sively while the negotiations are pend- I
ing. General Mac Arthur is apparently j
acting **n the safne policy, but he is re
; pairing bridges and strengthening the j
; lines of his force, which is stretched j
' out with a four-mile front and within a
: quarter of a mile of the enemy.
__
Th. possibilities of peace are grati
fying to a great majority of the army, j
who have regarded the war as an un- '
. pleasant duty that must be performed |
according to American traditions.
Manila is cheeerful over the pros- |
pect of a return to normal life, though j
> there are skeptics who remark that a ;
*"truce would enable the insurgents to j
rest until the rainy season, upon which
they have been depending as an im- j
portant aid.
The prisoners report that there are |
75.000 refugees north of San Fernando.
This is not impossible, considering the i
thickly populated region which the |
Americans have cleared. It seems also
that smallpox is spreading among
them.
Th" so-called Filipino Congress will I
meeet at San Fernando morrow.
When I>ean C. Worcester of the |
United States Philippine Commission, j
who accompanied the Filipino emis
saries from Calumpit, said to Colonel '
Manuel Arguelles that the Americans I
v.er«« under noi obligations to i train i
from fighting, the Filipino officer said: j
"Would ynij fight while we are discuss- j
ing terms of peace?"' ;
Mr. Worcester responded with the j
suggestion that an armistice would
give the Filipino leaders time, to es- j
cap , p ; _ „
'My God! Where would we escape .
to?" the Filipino exclaimed, referring j
in this to the menacing hostile tribes !
behind the Filipino lines.
Arguelles told the correspondent of |
the Associated Press that he was much j
L disappointed in the results of his mis- '
-•ion. He said also that Aguinaldo ex- j
peeted Llumpit to be the cemetery of |
the American army.
Lieutenant Colonel Wallace of the j
First Montana Regiment. Major Adams
and Major Shields, who slept on Fri
day night in General Luna's camp,
where they went to inform the Fili- j
rinos that their envoys would return j
in safety, found the Filipino command- j
er cordial, the Filipino troops remov- j
ing their hats as the Americans passed. i
The Filipinos complained to them that!
the Americans used explosive bullets, j
which is not the fact. The American
officer retorted that the copper shells
used by the Filipinos are worse than
explosive bullets. General Luna said i
he, regretted being obliged to kill
Americans, but that that was his busi
ness. General Wheaton entertained
Colonel Arguelles and Lieutenant Jtjge
Bernal and provided them with horses
to return to their camp.
In the course of the conference yes- j
tefday Jacob ii. Schurtnann, president
of the American Philippine Commis
sion; told Colonel Arguelles that if the
insurgents would lay down their arms
he and his colleagues of the com- i
mission would consult them regarding j
the plan of government to be sub
niitted fo President McKinley. He j
said he could not promise that all their j
puggestlons would be adopted, but he j
could assure them that there would be
p presumption in favor of their sug
■A- ctlons, adding that the Commission
ers would he especially desirous of sat
isfying the legitimate aspirations of
the Filipinos.
Arguelles begged that the indepen
dence of the Filipinos at once be
granted.
When Colonel Arguelles protested
that unconditional surrender would be j
humiliating, Mr. Schurmann replied:
"There would be no humiliation in
General Otis treating our brother
Filipinos as General Grant treated our
brother Americans at Appomattox."
Mr. Schurmann said to-day to the
correspondent of the Associated Press:
"I believe Colonel Arguelles is per
sonally sincere and honest, though I
have no meats of ascertaining the sen
timents and ins of the authorities be
hind him. The Filipino people, like
other Asiatic peoples, have no trust in
mere words without force behind them,
• but with force I consider a conciliatory
spirit of the utmost importance.
"I believe, when peace has been es
tablished, governing the Filipinos will
not be a difficult, matter, provided we
show them firmness, justice and kind
liness. At the present time they dis
trust and dislike us, but these senti
ments, which are, perhaps,, not unnat
ural, will soon be dispelled by the ef
tf'-ets of the good government we have
-\.'*mised them to tstablish here. It
will be the foremost duty of American
Continued on Second fas.
The San Francisco Call.
ARCHBISHOP
CORRIGAN TO
THE POPE
So-Called "Americanism" Is
Denounced by the
Prelate.
..-.../'■'■..-.
CALLS IT A MONSTER
Pleased His Holiness Has Rooted
Out "This Cockle From the
Field of Wheat."
Social Dispatch to The Call.
XEW YORK, April 30.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Arch
bishop Corrigan's letter to the Pop*, on.
so-called "Americanism" in the Roman
Catholic church has reached Washing
ton, and its translation into English
has caused a sensation in Catholic
circles.
Cardinal Gibbons, Archbishops Ire
land and Keane and even conservative
Archbishop Ketzer of Milwaukee and
Archbishop- Horstmann of Cleveland,
solemnly protested to the Pope that
the errors which ho had designated as
"Americanism" had no place in the
American Roman Catholic church.
The Archbishop of New York admits
the charges against the American Ro
man Catholic, but stands alone am >ng
the American hierarchy.
In the course of his letter. Archbish
op Corrigan calls "Americanism" "a
monster which, in order to acquire the
rights of citizenship among us, has as
sumed that fair name," and' he adds
later. "Your Holiness roots out on its
very appearance this cockle from the
field of wheat." The letter is as fol
lows:
Most Holy Father: We cannot express
in words the feelings of admiration, of
joy and gratitude with which our heart
has been penetrated toward your Holi
ness in reading the masterly and admir
able letter which you have deigned to
adiiress to us on what for some time past
has been designated under the name of
"Americanism."
It is with greatest wisdom that your
Holiness has united into one group many
and fallacious errors which would like
to pass for good Catholic teaching under
the specious title of "Americanism." but
at the same time with what great pru
dence, discretion and kindness as well as
with what force and clearness has ypur
Holiness fulfilled the mission of a sup: .
and infallible teacher.';
-In truth the last document of your
Holiness in wisdom is in no way inferor
to so many others which in the course of
your glorious pontificate have excited the
universal admiration of peoples.
For us. whom the Holy Ghost has
placed as Bishops to rule the church of
God tinder the infallible guidance of your
Holiness, we hasten to offer ami to make
known to you our sentiments of admir
ing and unqualified adhesion.
We receive and accept for ourselves,
our clergy and. for the communities and
congregations which with us work for
the salvation of souls, as well as for ail
"Testem benevolentae." We accept it
and make it our own, word for word,
sentence for sentence, in the same iden
tical sense in which your Holiness, fol
lowing the tradition and wisdom of all
Christian antiquity. intends it, and
wishes that it # should be understood by
us. *
In its regard we shall never make, nor
shall we ever permit that others depend
ing from us, either directly or indirectly,
should make any reservation or tergiv
ersation. Your Holiness has spoken. The
question is therefore ended. This thought
has given us great satisfaction.
We can say also that the monster,
which in order to obtain a lasting abode,
to acquire rights of citizenship among
us, assumed to itself the fair name of
"Americanism," has on its first appear
ance been struck down dead. But it is to
you that the glory of this happy result is
due.
If your Holiness had not opportunely
come to our aid with your admirable let
ter, how numerous might have been those
who through ignorance, rather than
malice, would have been brought into
the trap. Bishops and clergy would
have had hard work to keep their people
out of error. It would have taken root
little by little, always increasing, and
soon we should have been pointed at with
the accusation of not being Americans.
Meanwhile, this false "Americanism,"
understood like other similar titles,
which to the great delight of souls lasted
I f&r res among other nations, would have
tranquilly taken possession ln our midst.
; piling high up its conquests in enormous
proportions of time and place. it is there
fore that we rejoice greatly, that by rea
son of your infallible teaching we have
not to transmit to our successors the un
grateful task of fighting an enemy which
would not have died.
And now, with our heads high, we can
repeat that we are Americans as truly
as any one, whoever he may be. Yes, we,
are, and we glory in it. \\ .■ glory In it
because our nation Is great in its Insti
tutions and in its undertakings; great In
Its development and in its activity: but
in the matter of religion and the doctrine
of discipline, of moralty, of Christian
perfection, .we glory in following Implic
itly the Holy See.
For these reasons we are and shall ever
be most grateful to your Holiness, who,
by your imperishable letter, "Testem
benevolentae," has said to us and to all
Catholics of America, "Signal blessing."
Yes, by testimony of kindness your Holi
ness roots out on its very appearance the
cockle from the field of -wheat.
May the all-powerful Lord preserve the
health of your Holiness, for many more
years, so that your Holiness may. with
your own eyes, see ripen to perfectness
the fruit of your, apostolic vigilance. .
Prostrate at the feet of your Holiness,
and kissing them with profound respect,
we implore for us, for our clergy and for
our flock apostolic benediction.
For Bishops of • ecclesiastical province,
your province. ,*..- s * . .
MICHAEL AUGUSTINE.
Archbishop of New York.
New York. March 19. 1899/ * ""
SENATOR CLARKE SUED.
BUTTE, Mont., April 30. State Senator
Fred Whiteside, who brought about the
Senatorial bribery exposure, has brought
a libel suit for MM damages against
United States Senator W. A. Clark and
his newspaper, th* Butte Miner, for hav
ing charged him with perjury and con-,
spiracy. *;!._. ■.; i , , •
SAN FRANCISCO. MONDAY, MAY 1, 1899.
TROOPS HELD READY
TO GO TO WARDNER
MINNEAPOLIS, 30.—
Orders were received at fort
Snelling to-day to hold in
readiness troops there for de
parture at any mordent for
Wardner, Idaho, the scene of
Saturday's trouble amoi)g
the rrjiners.
ST. LOUIS, April 30.— Captain
Woodbury of the Sixteenth United
States Infantry, at Jefferson Barracks
received orders 'to-day to hold the
troops in his command in readiness
to move at a moment's notice It is
believed they will be sent to Ward
ner, Idaho, to help quell the miners'
riots. :fiff--'
SPOKANE, Wash., April 30.— A1l is
quiet in the Coeur d'Alenes to
night, although the decent people
of Wardner, Wallace, Burke, Gem
and other towns in the district
have no feeling of security, and many
of them are coming into Spokane.
Most of the rioting miners who went
from Wallace to participate in the de
struction of the Bunker Hill and Sulli
van property have returned to their
jobs in the union mines. ■ - >
Between fifty and sixty of the non
union men who escaped from the Bun
ker Hill and Sullivan have returned to
that property after a night in the hills
j and are so far unmolested.
Through the Coeur d'Alene towns' a
reaction has set in and the destruction
of so much property, throwing 1000
, men out of employment and thereby
paralyzing all business in Wardner, is
now being condemned.
Coroner France of Shoshone County
j has created a sensation by declaring
that he will conduct a searching in
j quest into the death of Jack Smith, the
; rioting miner killed in the fusillade
! when two bands of rioters fired on each
other by mistake^
"No straw verdict," said he, "will be
accepted." This is recognized as some
thing of an innovation. fyf
"I shall summon every man in the ,
county if necessary in order to ascer
tain the cause of his death," said Coro
ner France decisively to-night. "No
straw .-verdict will 'be -.received. I shall
continue the hearing as long as may
be necessary."
Smith's body is 'now lying in 'the
Miners' Union Hall at Burke,. where it
was taken by the rioters on their re
turn there yesterday' afternoon.. At
first -some difficulty was looked for in
holding the inquest.. The 'miners sent
word down to Dr. France, the Coroner,
I that he would be expected to come up
there in order to examine into the'
cause of death. They added that in
case he did not see .fit to do so, one of
the local magistrates would be called
I upon to conduct, the examination. Dr.
France /promptly telephoned to. Paul
Cochrane, the secretary of the Burke
union, and held him responsible for the
safe keeping of the: remains until the
Coroner himself could conduct the
hearing. ' .ff ffy '•:*..";. '"f'-i-'f;ff.-l* s "iff.
Last night Mr. Cochrane telephoned
back that the body would-be' held. there
subject to the , orders of , Dr. jj France.
Th- latter authorized a firm of Wal
! lace undertakers to bring ; the ' body
down from Burke, , and it will probably
be. brought back here -to-morrow..
General Manager ißurbridge, with his
family and Superintendent Burch,
* BUILDINGS DESTROYED BY UNION MINERS AT WARDMER j
THE troops at the Presidio
are practically under arms
and ready at a moment's
lotiee to respond to the call
if Governor Steuenenberg
of Idaho to assist in quelling the
riot at Wardner and preserving
order, In the absence of General
Shafter, who is at Bakersfleld.
Adjutant General .Babcock yes
terday received a dispatch from
General Miles at Washington,
notifying him that General ] H.
C. Me'rriam.^of the Department
of the Columbia, had been placed
in command of of all troops or
dered to the scene of trouble and
instructed to call for reinforce
ments without regard to depart
ment lines. General Babcock
was further ordered to Inform
every post commander in this
department to hold all troops
ready to respond to any call that
General Merriam might make at
a moment's notice. Orders were
at once sent to all the posts of
the department. At the Presidio
Colonel Compton issued orders
for troops B and . M of the
Fourth Cavalry and the com
panies of the Twenty-fourth In
fantry now there, to hold" them
selves in readiness. None of the
men, of these commands- were
permitted to leave the reserva
tion last night. All of the bag
gage that they might possibly
require was packed early in the
day, and they are prepared- to
march as soon as orders may
come.
It is not improbable that if
General Merrlam needs any
troops from this department the
cavalry and infantry at the Pre
sidio will be sent to him. j The
railroads have been informed'
that a special train may be need
ed at any time and to make ar
rangements to furnish transpor
tation. The fact that all of the
posts near, the scene of trouble
have such small garrisons, in
fact, no more, men than is ab
solutely needed to run them. it
is Likely that if troops are needed
those at the Presidio will; be or- :
dered to -Wardner, as troops can
be drawn from the Presidio more
conveniently than from any
other ' . post. " Colonel Compton
j said last night that he had is
sued the -necessary orders to the
troops under his command, and
that they -were prepared to move
at ;-a\ moment's notice. '. . •'
♦ ♦
*♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
rived to-night at : 9:30 . on the . train
which left Wardner at 2:30. They had
walked over the hills to Wallace and
thus, escaped* the mob and had joined
Mrs. Burbridge and family there. Ten
or a dozen refugees came in with them,
including several- families, who say
they will never live in the Coeur
d'Alenes agaiß.
The appearance of the refugees is
pitiable. Without an exception they
refuse to talk for publication, being in !
deadly terror of the union men of ;
Canyon Creek. Burbridge and 'Burch ,
were met here by President Bradley,
who Just arrived from San Francisco, I
and other officers of the company. The j
entire party Immediately went into
conference. Burbridge and Lurch have
been advised not' to talk at present.
State Auditor Bartlett Sinclair, the
Governor's personal representative, ar- i
rived from Boise to-night and will go
to Wardner in the morning. .
"I should have been here several
days ago." said he. "but was deceived
by misleading telegrams from Ward
ner. . 'fify.
"There are many things to be in
vestigated in this affair besides the ac
tual blowing up. 1 do not know if !
Federal troops have been ordered, but j
hope they have. The State adminis
tration will. adopt the most vigorous
: measures to bring to justice all impli
cated in the 1 outrages. The good clti- I
cens.of. the Coeur d'Alenes, p we hope,
will co-operate with us in that en- !
deavor. We shall not have it- said that
any one . has lost , money by owning
mining property in Idaho."
FRACTURED HIS ARM
THROWING A BALL
SALINAS. April 30.— A peculiar accident
befell. Harry Barlow, . a young man at
Jam* slang, a small place south of this
city. Barlow was playing, baseball; this
afternoon. - In throwing the.ball the right
arm bones snapped just below the elbow,
(making. a compound fracture.. After the
accident the- sufferer was compelled to
rid.' on horseback- over thirty-five miles
.to. this city to have the arm set. Upon
examination it was discovered | that- the,
arm bone at the place of the fracture had
'become '.'sponged." the suppositon -being
'that constant pitching caused' disease of
• the bone. - -'■■ ■ ,'7 ..,:-. • \> ■ ..
Lieutenant » Lasher's f Funeral.
MONTEREY.' April 30.— Lieutenant E.
' O. Lasher, IT. S. N.. who ; died on' Friday
afternoon, at a" hospital .at San Francisco
from ~ injuries received ,in a runaway, ac
cident at Deli Monte two weeks ago,^was
buried ' in the . Protestant Cemetery in- this
city f yesterday, afternoon, - the r interment
being private. ■'■"'• ' fy •--■■" yY?f yf " '. "J
CHILKATS
GO ON THE
WARPATH
Attack a Party of Whites
at a Camp Near Haines
Mission.
SOLDIERS SENT OUT
The Outbreak Incited by Men Op
posed to the Construction of
* a New Trail.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SKAGUAY, Alaska, April 24 (via
Seattle, April 30).— Chilkat Indians
are on the warpath. Last Sunday
twenty bucks armed with rifles gath
ered from their several villages along
the Chilkat River and marched to
Rocky Point, eight miles from Haines
Mission, where eight white men were
blasting rock for a trail to Klukwan.
a distance of twenty-five miles. The
Indians drove the whites away.
Word was immediately sent to the
United States Marshal 'and .Commis
sioner at Skaguay and to Captain
Yeatman, in command of the troops at
Dyea. Sixteen soldiers under command
of a sergeant were dispatched to
Haines Mission.
It is understood men who were op-
I posed to the construction of the new
trail have incited the Indians to make
trouble. fyfff'f.
The Dominion Telegraph Company is
making rapid progress with its line
from Lake Bennett to Dawson. The
line has been located fifteen miles down
Bake Bennett, and poles have been dis
tributed almost to White Horse Rapids.
OPPOSITION TO. THE
ORDINATION OF BRIGGS
Episcopal Clergymen May Take a
United fc>tand to Shut Out , the
Ex-Presbyterian Minister.
NEW YORK, April —With each suc
ceeding day of uncertainty relative to the
action to be taken by Bishop Potter in
the matter of the proposed ordination of
Rev. Charles A. Briggs, there is a deepen
ing of the opposition among the Episcopal
clergy to the admission to the, priesthood
of the famous Presbyterian minister. The
movement is contemplated for concerted
action to protest against the ordination,
but it Seems not .to have taken a well
defined • form. From opinions expressed
by - Episcopal clergymen th* failure to
take a decided stand ft based upon the be
lief or hope, that something will occur to
prevent success In the final step— that of
preferring charges of heresy against Dr.
Briggs. That, step is generally depre
cated except. as an extreme measure.
' A prominent clergyman said to-day that
he felt convinced the admission of Dr.
Briggs ' to priesthood .would be imme
diately' followed' by large' defections, to
the Catholic church. This opinion, he
said, was based upon conferences which
he had held with a large number of fel
low clergymen In this and other dioceses.
EX-GOVERNOR? ALTGELD
:" IS NEAR TO DEATH
Broken in Health and Spirit the Days
'yf. [yof the Illinoisan Are fyfy
Numbered.
. : NEW TORK) May -I.— A special/ to? the
Journal from Chicago says: According to
Dr. Nicholas Senn. who has 7, been". in at
■ tendance upon former "Governor Altgeld,
the latter; "has' fought his last, battle."' ,
I Immediately after saying this* Dr. Serin,
apparently tried | to " qualify his 'remarks,'
; but the fact remains the nervy politician
! is near to j death and little ..short of a
miracle can save his life. '--He- has- been
afflicted for ; some 1 time 7 with "locomotor
ataxia, and this has been aggravated by a
recent attack of grip , and nervous pros
tration. The facts are known only to his
most intimate friends, .'ifi _"".'*■
- "The ex-Governor. is» a very sick - man
and beyond all question* he has- fought his
last political' tight." said' Dr. Senn. "In
j addition: to the illness, which is in itself
i serious enough, the ex-Governor Is. I am
so.rry to say f. completely broken down in
spirit' and -despondent to the last de-
I gree.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
IMPERIALISM
STEPPING STONE
TO DEGENERACY
So Declares Bishop Potter at
an Anti-Expansion Meet
ing in Chicago.
BRITON CRIES "LIAR"
Vast Assemblage of People to Pro
test Against the Policy of
Holding the Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, April 30.— Central Music
Hall was this after filled
with an audience gathered to pro
test against the course of the ad
ministration with reference to the
Philippines. Once or twice the proceed
ings were interrupted by protests of
those who differed from the sentiments
of the speakers.
Professor J. Lawrence Laughlin. of
the University of Chicago, in speaking
of the national policy toward the Fili
pinos, said:
"There the flag is the emblem of
tyranny and butchery."
Cries of "treason" came from the gal
lery, but the cries were quickly
drowned out by approving cheers.
When Bishop J. L. Spalding of Pe
oria declared that "England had never
been a friend of this country," an Eng
lishman near the platform cried.
"That's a lie." Without noticing the
interruption' the Bishop continued his
address.
Dr. Henry Wade Rogers, Professor
of the Northwestern University, acted
as chairman. Besides him, the speak
ers were Professor Laughlin, Bishop
Spalding, J. Lloyd Jones, Edwin Bur
rill Smith, Sigmund Zeister and Miss
Jane Adams.
The following resolutions were
adopted:
4- The frank expression of honest 4
. convictions upon great questions _.
7" of public policy is vital to the "*"
4- wealth and even to the preserva- 4
. tion of representative government. .
7" Such expression is therefor* the
4- sacred duty of American citizens. 4
m We hold that the policy known x.
~ as imperialism is hostile to liberty
4- and tends to militarism, an evil 4
m from which it has been our glory .x.
-T^to-be-Xree— j \V«-«g»<;t^ u-.cti- it- .st T
4- how -necessary in the land of +
a Washington and Lincoln to re- -4.
•Tt ' affirm that all men, of whatever
+ race or color, are entitled to life. -♦"
x. liberty and the oursuit of happi- 4.
ness. We still maintain tn gov
+■ ernments derive their just powers +
x. from the consent of the governed. x.
We insist that the forcible sub- 7^
-T- jugation of a purchased people is "▼"
4- "criminal aggression." and open 4.
disloyalty to the distinctive prin
"♦" ciples of our Government. "▼"
4- We honor our soldiers and 4-
V sailors in the Philippine Islands
•▼" for their unquestioned bravery, "*"
4- and we mourn with the whole na- 4
. tion for the American lives that - .
"*" have been sacrificed. Their duty "♦"
4- was obedience to orders; our duty 4
. is diligent inquiry and fearless pro- '.
7. test. We hold, that our own Gov- "*"
4- ernment created the conditions 4
■. which have brought . about the _.
"*" sacrifice. * • "*"
4- We earnestly condemn the policy 4
m. of the present national adminis- a
T. tration in the Philippines. It is the "*"
+ spirit of ,'76 that our Government is 4
x. striving to extinguish In those a
71 islands; we denounce the attempt ~
+ and demand its abandonment. 4
x. .We deplore, and resent the a.
slaughter of the Filipinos as a
"♦" needless horror, a deep dishoror to -4
x. our nation. a
We protest against the exten
"♦" sion of American empire by Span- 4
-- ish methods and demand the im- _*.
mediate cessation of the war
;7" against liberty, begun by Spain ■+
I - ana continued by us. We believe .4.
. that a foolish pride is the chief
-1 "▼" obstacle to a speedy settlement of "♦"
!4- all difficulties. As Mr. Gladstone -4
. said to England, "We are strong
"*" enough to cast aside all considera- "▼■
4- tion of false shame, walking in -4
J the plain and simple ways of right c
"*" and Justice." .*_ jy-IyY
4- Our Government should at. once 4.
. announce'to the Filipinos its* pur* .
"*" pose to grant them under proper "▼"
4- guarantees of order the inde- -4
x. pendence for which they, have so .
~ long fought,- and should seek by "*"
+ diplomatic methods to secure this +
"x. independence by the common con- .
"*" sent of nations. It is to-day as true T
+ of the Filipinos as it was a year -4
x, ago of the Cubans, that they "are _.
and of right ought to be free and T
+ Independent." 4-
President Rogers in his address said
he had faith in the sincerity of Presi
dent McKinley. li" said the President
had declared that he desired to be gov
erned by the wishes of the people
dealing with the Philippines. This be
ing the case, he wished expressions of
opinion from both sides. He denied
that those who cavor expansion have
a monopoly of patriotism, and he de
nied - that the United i States has any
moral right to scoop in the Philippines.
Bishop Spalding of Peoria, 111., said
in part: ■■
We are, at present, in the midst of a
crisis, In which hick of thought and de
liberation may lead us far from the
Ideals ' which, 'as Americans, we have
most cherished, and expose us to evils
of which we scarcely dream. We stand
at the parting of the ways. It is not
yet too late to turn from the way which
leads through war and conquest to im
perialism", to standing armies, to alli
ances with, foreign powers, and, finally
to the disruption of the Union itself, I*
Is not too late, because it is still posSi
ble, 'probable even, that the American
people- will reconsider the whole question
of the complications in which our victo
ries over Spain have involved us, -and
calling to mind the fact that they did
not enter into this war with Spain tor
the purpose of becoming an empire, but
for the purpose of helping others to
throw off the yoke of tyrannical imperial
ism, will see that to be blinded and lee
away by success is to be weak and fool
ish; or rather, since here the highest in
terests'of humanity. are at stake, is to be
: wicked and- criminal. -If this may not
be, then 1 the American people have degen
erated, they have lost their hold upon
the historical causes and the political
habits- which led to the founding of our
institutions | and .to the marvelous growth
and prosperity" of our country. : ■-. ■.-..
We shall not believe that the gain of a
few naval battles - over a weak and un
prepared foe have power to throw us into
such enthusiasm or such madness as to
turn us permanently from the principles
and policies to which we owe our na
tional existence, our life and liberty; or
that destiny, the divinity of fatalists and
materialists can weaken our faith in the
God of justice, righteousness and love,
who scorn and thrust far away those who,
having; the giant's strength, use it to op
press or i destroy the -weak or s ignorant.2
SANTA CLARA READY
FOR THE FORESTERS
Three of the Santa Clara CltizeQS Woo
Will Entertain Visiting Foresters.
SANTA CLARA. April 30.— A1l arrangements have been made for the recep
tion of the grand officers and delegates to the Grand Court of the Foresters
of America, which is to hold its week's session here commencing on Tues
day. The decorations ire many and artistic, for the committees that have
had charge have spared no pains to make Santa Clara an attractive place. The
officers of the executive committee that has had the supervision of the details
are I. J. Koehle, chairman; H. A. Gabriel, secretary; and George Wanderer,
treasurer. County Clerk H. A. Pfister is chairman of the reception committee
and his assistants are: E. S. Wright, S. Deasy, J. J- Eberhard, William Fleury,
G. A. Gebhardt, N. M. Helter, J. A. Lovell, John Roll, P. 9assenrath, W. R.
Morgans, F. A. Bascom, 1-. W. Starr, L A. Wanderer, F. L. Machefert. D. M.
Burnett, L. S. Allen, F. Weltienberg, J. H. Neff, H. Fitzpatrick. Theodore Her
sey, George Bullock, L. O. Dossee, E. 1.. Kaufman, Julius S. Hiett, Hon. W. G.
Lo'rlgan, D. O. Druffel George Bray, S. Oberdeener, J. C. McPherson, J. J. Mil
ler. >>
To-morrow night at S:3O o'clock there will be a reception at the depot of
the two hundred delegates and grand officers and a parade to Turn Verein Hall,
where the housing of the visitors will -c attended to. On Tuesday afternoon
there will be a parade of the Grand Court officers and delegates, civic societies
and citizens to the Plaza, where there will be literary exercises. . In the even
ing there will be a concert and stereopticon exhibition. On Wednesday night
there will be a musical and literary entertainment and dance in Widney Hall
and at that time State Senator Edward I. Wolfe will address the citizens on
the objects and aim.- of the order. On Thursday afternoon there will be a spe
cial meeting of Court Sherwood, which has had the work of entertaining the
visitors under its direction, and in the evening there will be a banquet. On
Friday the roun/l of festivities will close with a ball in the Pavilion. •
While it is true that the delegates will have plenty to occupy their atten
tion in the line of entertainment they will, between times, have much to do In
legislating for the nterest of the order during the sessions of the Grand Court.
Much of the legislation that is to be discussed was detailed in The Call of last
Thursday. In addition there will be something proposed to advance the inter
est of the junior branch. known as the junior courts, three of which are lo
cated in San Francisco— Court Pride of California, Young America and Pride
of the Golden West. These courts are probationary schools in which youths
are taught the principles of American Forestry, and when they attain majority
they are ready to be transferred to the senior courts to continue in the work
-
Ben F. Newby, who will represent Court Dixon of Dixon in the Grand Court,
will be v candidate for the position of delegate from California to the Su
preme Court, being one of the number who. seek to be of the thirteen to attain
that hi «
We have never looked upon ourselves as
predestined to subdue the earth, to com
pel other nations with sword and fire to
accept our rule.-; we have always believed
in human rights. In freedom and oppor
tunity, in education and religion and we
have Invited all men to me and enjoy
these blessings in this half a world
which God has given us, but we have
never dreamed that they were articles to
be exported and thrust down unwilling
throats at the point of th. bayonet. We
have sympathized with all oppressed peo
pies— Ireland. Greece, Armenia and
Cuba. To emancipate the slave we
gladly sacrificed the lives of hundreds of
thousands of our soldiers. And now the
American soldier, who never shoulders a
gun except in a righteous cause, is sent
10.000 miles across the ocean to shoot men
whose real crime is that they wish to be
free, wish to govern themselves. To
say that they are unfit for freedom is to
put forth the plea of the tyrant in all
ages and everywhere. The enemies of
liberty have never lacked for pretexts to
Justify their wrong, but. In truth, at the
root of all wars of conquest there lies lust
for blood or for gold.
If the inhabitants of the Philippines
came gladly to throw themselves into our
arms we should refuse to do more than
counsel, guide and protect them, until
they form themselves into a stable and
Independent government. What, then, is
to be thought of those who seem resolved
either to rule or exterminate them, believ
ing, probably, that the only good Filipino
is a dead Filipino?
The argument that our policy has from
the beginning been one of expansion, has
no application In the present matter. In
purchasing Louisiana and New Mexico
and I'pper California, including Nevada
and Utah and most of Arizona and a
part of Colorado, it may be said that we
bought land and not human beings land
that was part of our inheritance. But,
now. following the lead of our great capi
talists and trust lords, we buy at one
stroke 10,000,000 human beings, who live in
another hemisphere, who differ from us In
every way. who dwell in a climate that
is fatal to the white man, who can be of
no advantage whatever to us. but who,
if we persist ia holding them, will involve
us in the most serious difficulties and
dangers.
A war of conquest is contrary
to our fundamental principles of gov
ernment; it is opposeu to all our tradi
tions. The thought of ruling over subject
peoples Is repugnant to our deepest and
noblest sentiment. We have room for
three or four hundred mi. ..ons of human
beings. If more are required, and we are
true to ourselves, British America will
come to us wn.iout there being need of
firing a gun. We have money enough
already and our wealth is rapio -- Increas
ing. What we have to learn is how to
live how to distribute our money, how
to take it from its mastery over us and
make It our servant. •
Our capital is fast becoming the most
inhuman, the most iniquitous tyrant the
world has ever known. Its tyranny is a
blight and a curse to those who exercise
It as well as to the multiutde who are its
victims. Commercial and manufacturing
competition is becoming a fierce struggle
for existence. Whereas the tendency of
true civilization and religion is to con
vert the struggle for life Into co-opera
tion for life, Into work of all for all, that
all may have those Inner goods which
make men wis., holy, beautiful and
strong; whereas, this Is the tendency of
right civilization, our greed, our super
stitious belief in money as the only true
god and savior of man. hurries us on with
increasing speed into all the venalties,
dishonesties and corruptions. Into all the
tricks and trusts, by which the people
are disheartened and impoverish
If lt is our destiny to become an empire,
It is not our destiny to endure as a re
public Empire and imperialism are asso
ciation with kingly and arbitrary rule.
with militarism nnd conquest. Was not
the Roman empire built upon the re
public?
But, we are told that imperialism has
proved a blessing to Great Britain. In
this matter there is no parity between
England and the United States. If to
day England could be blockaded for six
months, she would starve. She is
compelled, therefore, to have a navy
as strong almost as that of all the other
nations: and this has led her to make
conquest after conquest until her empire
encircles the earth. But these widely
scattered dominions, though possibly
necessary for her existence as a first-class
power, are for her a cause of weakness.
Let her colonies but become dissatisfied
and they will fall from her as easily as
the ripe" fruit falls from the bough. She
governs them wisely, because only in this
wav can she govern them at all. •
It is hardly possible for an American
to speak of England and not feel grateful
thoughts and kindly sentiments stir with
in his breast. To her largely we owe our
liberties: to her our language; to her
Shakespeare. Milton and Wadsworth: to
her Bacon and Ruskin and Newman. Nev
ertheless the more we hold aloof from
England the better shall it be for Amer
ica. She has not an ally In the world
and there is probably not a nation in the
world which would trust her as an ally.
She has never loved us from the days in
which she oppressed the colonies to
the dark days when, by aiding the Con
federacy, she sought to make, the dis
ruption of the Union permanent. She does
not love us now. We are the most dread
ed rival she has. because we threaten her
supremacy in what is nearest and dear
est to her— her finances. She is -confront
ed by difficulties and dangers of various
kinds from which we ire free.
An alliance with her would involve us
In the difficulties and dangers by which
he is confronted and from which we are
free We need neither her advice nor
her assistance. The. praises which she
now bestows on us, were they sincere,
would be superfluous; but since they are
given with the design of drawing us Into
an imperialistic policy and troublesome
entanglements, they are insidious and In
sulting. Our wisest statesmen have al
ways been opposed to militarism as a
menace to our liberty. We want nothing
more than the nucleus of an army, noth
ing which shall serve as a means of con
quest at home or abroad; and, for my
own part, I think a powerful navy a dan
ger rather than a protection. We have
nothing to fear even from a coalition of
the powers of Europe, were such a thing
possible.
With ourselves, as in the rest of the
civilized world,- there is a drift toward
socialism. We must face the great prob
lems thus raised with faith In our political
principles and with confidence in the good
sense and honesty of the people. To seek
refuge in the intervention of a standing
army, under the command of a quasi-dlc-
itor. or emperor, is to enter the wav of
anarchy and ruin.
When the American people resolved not
to hold what they never intended to take
possession of, they will have little diffi
culty in finding a solution of this Philip
nine difficulty. Above all. let them not
be misled by vanity; let them not harken
to the siren voice of English flattery; let
them not stop to think what other na
tions shall say, but let them, as becomes
a great, a free and enlightened people.
be self-directed, holding in view only
such alms and ends as are wise, lust and
conducive to the permanent welfare and
highest interest of the republic.
ILL-LUCK PURSUES ONE,
FORTUNE THE OTHER
, Contrast in the Careers of Two Men
Operating in Shasta County
Mines.
REDDING, April 30.-The sale of the
Capital mine brings Into prominence the
striking contrast in the luck of two men
[ who have been operating in the mines of
, Shasta County. One has the record of
j selling two fortunes for a tithe of their
J value, and the other of buying two bank
accounts for a song.
Last night Sheriff Behrens accepted
■ first money on the Capital mine, the bal
ance to be paid on Saturday. To-day the
i Sheriff received news from his superin
l tendent that a rich two-foot ledge had
! been struck in the Capital, and his su
, perintendent advised him not to sell the
property short of $10,000. The sale had
: already been effected for $3000. The mine
i Is located a mile and a half from Kes
: Wick. *
Not long ago Sheriff Behrenrf 1 and a
partner Bold the Mount Shasta mine for
| $6000. It has since produced many times
that amount and to-day $100,000 could not
touch it. Ninety men are employed in the
mine and 'twelve six-horse teams are
; hauling high grade ore to the smelter. So
much for Sheriff Behrens' luck.
The buyer of the Capital mine, which
trebled in value in one night, is Colonel
J. H. Moore. A short time ago Moore
bought a third Interest in what was
afterward named the Daisy Belle mine,
located near Furnaceville. ' He paid $'">
for his interest and in a few days a strike
was made which netted the owners $4500
within a week.
Eleven hundred acres of auriferous
gravel lands along the Trinity River in
the neighborhood of Bragdon have just
been bonded to an Eastern company for
$23,000.
Federation in Australia.
LONDON, April 29.— At a meeting of the
Empire League held at Osborne to-day
the Agent General for Tasmania, after
predicting the speedy and unanimous
adoption by Parliament of the Australian
federation bill, added the important an
nouncement that recently he had been
able to inform the Secretary of State for
the Colonies, Joseph Chamberlain, that
three Australian colonies are framing
tariff bills differentiating in favor of Brit
ish manufactures and against imports
from other countries. The Agent General
also alluded to Australia's gratification
at the present cordiality of the relations
between Great Britain and the United
States.
Not Warfare, hut Murder.
LONDON, April 30.— The Sydney corre
spondent of the Dally Mall says that his
Eminence Cardinal Patrick Francis Mo
ran, Archbishop of Sydney, made a vehe
ment speech with reference to affairs in
Samoa, in the course of which he said
that the fighting there was not "warfare,
but deliberate murder— worse than the
Armenian atrocities."
•
Hunared Mile Relay Race.
SACRAMENTO, April 29.— 100-mile
! relay race between the Capital City
j Wheelmen and the Terminal City Wheel
i men (Stockton) will take place to-mor
row, the start to be made from Stockton
at 10:30 a. m. . The route will be from
■ Stockton to Sacramento and return. The
race will be for the Welnstock & Lubin
1 trophy, which has heretofore been won
once by each club. _
Pacific Cable Favored.
LONDON, April 29.— The decision of the
Government to financially support the
Pacific cable project has given great satis
faction and is warmly approved by all sec
tions of. the press; in which it is sug
gested. that a cable be laid connecting the
Samoan group of islands.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 1, 1899.
WILSON CAUGHT
AT SUITS CRUZ
Mulatto Criminal
More in Jail. ..- ', h
SEEN RIDING ON A TRAIN;
WAS ATTEMPTING TO REACH
MEXICO.
The Suspected Strangler Admits His
Identity and Will Be Returned
to San Francisco for
Trial.
-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, April 30.— Harry Wil
son, the mulatto criminal who is
wanted in San Francisco for burglary,
and who Is suspected of having
strangled May McDermott and Bertha
Paradis, was captured this noon by
Chief of Police Rawle, and is behind the
bars in the County Jail. Credit for
this capture is due to Lee Rawle, son of
the Chief of Police. Young Rawle is
employed as watchman at Capitola,
four miles from this city. Last even
ing he was at Capitola Station as the
train passed through for Santa Cruz.
Rawle happened to glance toward, a car
window and got a glimpse of the face
of a colored man he thought resembled
the description of Wilson. He tele
phoned his father, the Chief of Police,
who notified other officers, and a look
out was kept the entire. night.
This morning shortly before 6 o'clock
young Rawle made the trip from Capi
tola on his bicycle, and started in
search of the criminal. He found his
man in the "O. X.," a 15-cent restau
rant, and told Wilson he was an offi
cer. Wilson seemed to be much per
turbed. He told the Chief his name
was Harrison, and that he was from
Watsonvllle, where he had been at
work for the past two years. He
could not give the names of any per
sons from -Watsonvllle, and the Chief
accompanied him up the street, where
they met a Watsonville man who failed
to recognize the mulatto.
As the City Prison was not considered
safe, Sheriff Besse was sent for, and
Wilson was placed in- a cell in the
County. Jail. He again said his name
was Harrison.
Chief Lees of San Francisco was tele
phoned to, and Rawle, after getting a
complete description, was positive he
had the right man. He returned to the
Jail, got Wilson into a private room
and told the fellow he knew his name
was Wilson, and there was 'no use
denying it. Wilson then gave in, say
ing:
"My name is Wilson and I am the
man you want."
He said if he had not been caught he
would have left to-night on the steamer
for Mexico. A telegram was sent to
chief Lees, telling Of Wilson's con
fession, and the following response was
received by wire:
"Detective Gibson left 4 o'clock train
with warrant for Wilson."
Gibson arrived this evening on the 8
o'clock train, and will leave to-morrow
morning with his prisoner.
Chief Lees received a dispatch yester
day! morning from Chief of Police
Rawle' of Santa Cruz that a colored
man answering the description of Harry
"Wilson, the suspected strangler. who
was released on straw bonds Thursday
night by Clerk Kelly of Judge Gra
ham's court, had been seen in his baili
wick.
The Chief at once telephoned to
Rawle to take the suspect into custody
and endeavor to get him to confess that
he was the right man. Detective Ed
Gibson was instructed by the Chief to
take the 4 o'clock train for Santa Cruz,
in the hope that the man was Wilson.
After Gibson had left the Chief was
gratified to receive a dispatch from
Rawle that the man had been arrested
and admitted that he was Wilson. He
will be brought back by Gibson this
morning. _________________________________ ,
GRAND ARMY VETERANS
INVADE SAN DIEGO
Thirty-Third Encampment of the De
partment of California and
Nevada.
SAN DIEGO, April 30.— The thirty-third
annual encampment of the Grand Army
of the Republic, department of California
and Nevada, will begin to-morow after
noon in the Louis Opera House. Depart
ment Commander Sol Cahen arrived on
Friday with Assistant Adjutant General
T. C. Masteller, from San Francisco, and
Ihis evening many more representatives
came in on the steamer from San Fran
cisco and other northern points. Among
the more prominent veterans now here
are: Eugene Wlegand, assistant quarter
master general; C. 11. Bllnn, department
Inspector, and Henry C. Dibble, judge
advocate, all of Ban Francisco.
The encampment will have 150 votes.
There will be sessions on Monday, Tues
day and Wednesday. The city is in holi
day attire and Dewey day will be cele
brated by the citizens and visitors. The
parade takes place on Tuesday' morning.
•
MARVELOUSLY RICH ORE
STRUCK IN KETCHIKAN
Quartz Worth a Hundred Thousand
Dollars to the Ton Said to Have
Been Taken Out
TACOMA, April 30. — Ex- Governor
Bwlneford of Alaska left to-day for
Ketchikan, Southeastern Alaska, where
he will develop a twenty-five-foot ledge
thai c. .lies gold and copper in highly
paying quantities. The sinking of shafts
and the building of a wharf will occupy
his attention, the ledge' being at the
water's edge, on the line of travel to
Juneau.
Ketchikan is experiencing a mining
boom in consequence of the commence
ment of development of numerous quartz
properties in that district. Principal
among these is the Sea Level mine, which
has uncovered several ledges of free mill
ing, ore running from $18 up to thousands
of dollars per ton. The last quartz speci
mens received contain small pieces of al
most pure gold in such quantities as to
make a ton or such ore worth over $100,
--000.
STRUCK BY A LION.
Year-Old Sacramento Child
Barely Escapes ■ Death: -• - ' •
SACRAMENTO. April 30.— A three-year
old boy of G. W. Loughman came near
being killed by a lion at East Park to
day. Loughman tossed some flowers to the
beasts. . One of them threw. out his paws,
striking the boy on the. head and shoul
der. The clothing was torn from the
lad's shoulder, the lion's claws reaching
the flesh, but not going deep enough to
do much harm. _
Snowslide Near Juneau.
VANCOUVER, April 30.— Officers of the
steamer Cutch, which has arrived . from
the North, report that as- the "vessel was
steaming into Juneau.- a big snowslide
took place on the shores opposite • the
Tread mine. The slide occurred in
the dead of night and huge masses of
snow and rock swept down toword the
water, carrying trees and everything be
fore them. It was not known If there
was any damage to property or loss of
life.
VICTIMS
OF SCURVY
AND FROST
! Sixty,. Physical Wrecks Re
turn From the Copper
River.
DEAD LEFT BEHIND
s
Oakland Miner's Vain Attempt to
Transport His Siok Partner
to the Coast. «
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Wash., April Sixty pros
pectors arrived here to-day from Copper
I River, Alaska, on the steamer Excelsior.
! They brought with them a repetition of
i the story of privation and death and
many bore evidence on their bodies of the
i ravages of scurvy and frost. A man
I named Young hobbled off the vessel on
! the stumps of two legs. Another, named
I Alex Powell, had but one foot.
F. C. Goodwin of Oakland, Cal., whose
legs are black with scurvy, and whose
knees are bruised by contact with the ice,
tells an interesting story of his experi
ences, which were similar to that of oth
ers. While camped in the interior his
partner, Wesley Scheidecker, of Grand
Ridge, 111., fell sick with the scurvy and
soon became unable to travel. Goodwin
strapped him on a sled and started to the
coast. After four days of almost her
culean labor he arrived at the mouth of
the Chitna River, but his partner was
- frozen stark and stiff to his sled. He
buried him in the snow.
Continuing his journey to the coast, he
came across a tent in which there were
two sick men with scurvy. They were
Dixon Hutton of Memphis and T. B, Raw
lins of Little Rock, Ark. Another man
happened along at the same time, and
he' and Goodwin put Rawlins and Hut
ton on a sled and dragged them to the
coast.
Just before the Excelsior left Valdes a
big slide was reported on the glacier,
but no particulars were learned. It was
rumored that a party of prospectors were
coming from the interior, and it was
feared they might have been caught in
the slide. H&Sil
The Government expedition under Cap
tain Abercromble was arranging to be
gin the construction of a road Into the
interior when the Excelsior left. Relief
parties with provisions and anti-scorbu
tics had been sent into the interior.
WHEELMEN COMPETE IN
LONG-DISTANCE EVENTS
Two Races at Santa Rosa Arouse
the Interest of the Sport-Lov
ing Public.
SANTA ROSA, April 30.— Two events I
which for weeks have been the talk of j
the local bicycle world were brought off
it- this county to-day. One was a road
race from Santa Rosa to Cloverdale, a I
distance of . thirty-four miles. The con- j
t..- ants . were Frank V. Reeves, a ma- I
chine operator on the Press-Democrat,
and James D. Gould, proprietor of the
Bonita restaurant.. The start was made
j at 5 a. m.. Reeves mounting his wheel a
few minutes after completing his work
for the night. Despite the fact that a i
wind was against them all the way the |
distance was covered in considerably less i
than two hours, Reeves winning by three
minutes and fifteen seconds. By the terms
of the agreement Gould forfeits his new
Cleveland wheel to the winner.
The other event was a road race be
tween George Felix, mounted upon a
White and Ben Noonan seated astride a
Clevelahd. This race had been arranged
between the proprietors of two local cy
cleries to settle a long-standing feud. The
course lay between Geyservllle and this
city, and a large and enthusiastic, crowd
had gathered at th.- -finishing point this
aftcynoon lv anticipation of witnessing
I the outcome.
At just .'* o'clock Noonan hove in sight,
coming down Mendocino street like a cy
clone. Felix came in seven minutes later.
The crowd gave the boys an enthusiastic
reception. Felix claims that Noonan
fouled him the other , side of Lytton
Springs by throwing a chain and padlock
into the driving gear of his wheel, break- ;
' ing his chain. This is denied by Noonan
'and his backers. The time made by the
winner was one hour and thirty seconds.
I The distance covered was just twenty
l flve miles. Al Edwardo, Fred Wiseman, :
John Goodman, Melville Shannan, J. C.
! Williamson and G. P. Barnum, the latter i
' two mounted on a tandem, acted as |
pacers. The affair and Its sensational I
outcome have occasioned a great display
of feeling among local wheelmen.
. — ■ ■ ♦
IMMENSE CROWD
AT A BALL GAME
Twenty-Six Thousand Persons Sse
the Chicago' Team Shut Out
the Leaders.
. NATIONAL. LEAGUE STANDING.
-Clubs— W. L. Pet. i Clubs— W. L. Pet.
St. Louis 9 2 .818 Boston 7 6 .538
Philadelphia 10 1 .71 1 Baltimore ... 7 8 .r.3s
Chicago II 6 .800 New York... 4 8- .3XI
Cincinnati .. 7 5 .583 Washington.. 4 9 .808
Louisville ... G 4 .565! Pittsburg ...2 7 .222
Brooklyn .... 7 6 .538. Cleveland ... 1 7 .125
CHICAGO, April Powell's wlldness, an I
error and a bunching of hits proved the lead
er's downfall In the first two innings. Many
brilliant infield plays were made on both sides.
The - crowd ■■ was so great that a hit counted
for only one base. Attendance^, 26,000. Score:
Clubs— R. if. E.
Chicago '. 4 12 0
St. Louts 0 12 3
Batteries— Callahan and Chance; Powell and
O'Connor. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
CINCINNATI, April 30.— Jack Taylor won his
first game to-day for the Reds. His support
was brilliant. Carsey was not a puzzle. In
the absence of regular umpires, Dwyer and
McAllister officiated. Attendance, DIOO. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati /....... 9 15 0
Cleveland '; 0 7 3
Batteries— and Peltz: Carsey and
Sudden, Umpires— Dwyer and McAllister.
■. « — .
SACRAMENTO'S DEWEY DAY. !
Variety of Entertainment for the Old
and the Young.
SACRAMENTO, April 30.— Dewey day
will be celebrated In this city to-morrow
with the finest floral carnival ever held
in this part of the State. The fete is
under the management of the Native Sons
and .Native Daughters. There v will be a
proceslson of decorated carriages in the
forenoon, after which the scene will be
changed to Oak Park, outside the city,
where there will be the crowning of the
carnival queen. Miss Lottie Petrie; a bat
tle of roses and a variety of entertain- i
ment to the old and young." It was
feared the rain would . interfere, but the
sky is clear, to-night and the outlook is
for a pleasant day. . 'y'Y*
Will Proceed to Madrid.
NEW YORK, April 30.— A -Washington
special to the Herald says': In anticipa
tion of the resumption of diplomatic re
lations between the two governments. In
structions have been sent to Minister
Storer • to proceed to Madrid whenever,
convenient. At the same time he has
been given to understand not to arrive in
Spain until after the Duke de Arcos has
presented his credentials to the President.
SLIGHT SHOCK
OF EARTHQUAKE
California Gets Mildly
Jarred.
— i
TEMBLOR DOES NO DAMAGE
IT OCCURS UNDER UNUSUAL
CONDITIONS. ,
Is Accompanied by a Heavy
. Downpour of Rain in Some
l: Portions of the
State.
. /
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, April Salinas experienced
an earthquake shock this afternoon at
about 2:45 o'clock, under weather condi
tions 'wherein such disturbances are un
usual. Light rain had been falling for
some time and during the disturbance the
downpour was quite heavy, although no
damage was done to buildings. There
were two seperate and distinct shocks,
each of several seconds duration, the
vibrations being from southwest to north
east. The Salinas dummy line train,
which leaves this city at 2:45 o'clock for
Spreckelsville,' was rounding the curve at
Main and San Luis streets and the engine
jumped the track, but no particular dam
age was done, as the locomotive was run
ning, at low speed. Reports from the
Spreckels factory near this city are to the
effect that some of the machinery not yet
permanently placed into position was
jostled considerably.
• MONTEREY, April 30.-A temblor that
shook this entire section of ' Monterey
County was felt at about 2:45 o'clock this
afternoon. The vibrations were appar
ently from west to east, although that is
not positively known, as no person here
abouts has instruments by which the
direction could haH; been ascertained.
The shock was the heaviest at Del Monte
and continued some seconds longer there
than elsewhere. No damage resulted. At
Pacific Grove two distinct shocks were
experienced, the second ; following the first
after an interval of two or three seconds
and being more severe. Rain has been
falling since noon to-day, a weather con
dition never before known to accompany
an earthquake. a
MODESTO. April 30.-Sharp shocks of
earthquake were felt here at 2:45 o'clock •
this afternoon. There . were two shocks.
Several showers fell to-day and the total
this evening was .10 of an inch. It is still
threatening.
DECOTO. April 30.— Two sharp shocks
of earthquake only two or three seconds
apart were felt in this section at 2:41
o'clock this afternoon. They caused many
clocks to stop and did slight damage in
some sections to badl" constructed or old
buildings. The vibrations seemed to be
from north to south and lasted several
seconds.
STOCKTON. April 30— An earthquake
was felt at 2:41 o'clock this afternoon.
Two minutes later it was followed by a ;
second temblor. The- vibrations were |
light and lasted only a few seconds.
SANTA CRUZ, April 30.— The heaviest
earthquake in years jarred this city at \
2:30 o'clock this afternoon. Houses were
shaken, bric-a-brac was broken and in
some stores clocks were thrown from the
shelves to the floor.
SAN RAFAEL. April Marin County
was shaken by a temblor a few minutes
before 3 o'clock this afternoon. The shock ]
was distinctly felt at San Quentin. The
vibration was from west to east. So far
no damage to property has been reported.
SAN JOSE, April 30— A slight shock of
earthquake was felt here this afternoon I
at 2:44 o'clock. It is reported from Lick
Observatory that the motions were varied
in their direction and the vibrations were
remarkable for their long continuance," be- j
ing nearly thirty seconds. .;..>-:_-.- 1
JUST A SLIGHT SHOCK.
"Not Worth Recording," Says Pro
fessor Burckhalter.
San Francisco was shaken by an earth- {
quake yesterday afternoon, the seismic
disturbance lasting about ten seconds and j
consisting of two distinct shocks with
Intermediate vibrations of the earth. The i
first shock was felt at about 2:45 p. m.,
and while people were wondering whether
it was really an earthquake the vibrations
nearly ceased, and then the temblor
seemed to take a fresh grip and with a
final shake that rattled the windows of j
buildings all over town, subsided. It was ;
a very ordinary "quake," and although :
felt In all parts of the city caused not
the slightest damage so far as known. In
fact, the disturbance was so slight that
many were not aware of the presence of
the subterranean visitor until after the
shaking process had been concluded and
normal conditions again prevailed.
The earthquake was felt on the other
side of the bay, but the scientists in
Oakland and Berkeley who recorded the
seismic vibrations apeak of it in a tone of
disgust as an Insignificant affair and
hardly worthy of their attention. Profes
sor Charles Burckhalter, astronomer in
charge of the Chabot Observatory, in Oak
land, was in th* act of removing a smoked
glass from the seismograph which regis
ters the pranks of the temblors when a
Call reporter arrived there.
"Why, it really didn't amount to much,"
said he. "l won't waste a plate on it.
It was only one of those chatters, an.l
the earth really did not gyrate. No
doubt it came a long distance. 1 wouldn't '
say.it was slight, but light— that's bet- i
ter. The ", exact time was 2 hours, 41
minutes, 29 seconds.' its duration was ten
seconds, and the vibrations were from !
southeast to northwest." BaPtiMEfs
The clock of the seismograph at the
Students' Observatory in Berkeley
showed the earthquake to have passed
hy the university town at 2 hours, 41
minutes and 30 seconds past noon. All
the instruments gave excellent records,
but the shock was so slight that Dr.
■ Arhln O. Leuschner, the •" director-in
• ' charge was inclined to rate it as of very
' little Importance unless reports should
show the disturbance to have been gen
eral The principal motion was toward
the west with a slight motion also to the
north By the Rossl-Forel scale its in
tensity would be measured by the Roman :
numeral it. The first shock lasted two
seconds, being succeeded by a number of
dvlng-out vibrations continuing for twelve
seconds. The latter were so slight that i
only the instruments could have detected
them. . __.___,__, .__
The principal shock consisted during the
first half second of three distinct vibra
tions causin" a total displacement of the
ground of one-twenty-fifth of an inch.
The corresponding northerly displace
ment amounted to but One-fiftieth of an
inch These figures were identical with
all the observatory Instruments.
HEAVY FALL OF BAIN.
Nature Once More Causes the Farm-
er to Smile.
SALINAS. April 30— Salinas Valley in
particular and the whole of Monterey,
County in generad has been treated to a
rainstorm during the past week which
was not only badly needed, but which w M .I
insure an excellent. crop of hay, a good
yield of grain and the production of sugar
beets such as has. never before been
raised. Although the precipitation has
not been continuous during the entire
period, yet at times the downpour was
quite heavy- The section of country
around King City and Soledad, where dur
ing the March storm comparatively no
rain fell, during this storm succeeded In
getttlng a most , thorough soaking. The
former place has already received 1.12
inches since. April 24, while at the latter
place the precipitation has been .72 of an
inch, amply sufficient for an '■ excellent
crop of hay and some barley. Wheat,
however, was too far gone to be resusci
tated. Farmers in the heretofore drought
stricken regions, where destitution was
reported several months ago, will be en
abled to tide over for another season. In
the Irrigated sections of the _ county,
where the Spreckels Company has thou
sands of acres in sugar beets, the pros
HALF CENTURY OF
WEDDED HAPPINESS
SAN JOSE, April 30.-On April 23, 1549, in Bucyrus, Oxford County, Ohio,
Wayne B. Rogers and Sarah Burgrove were married. Last Sunday, Apra
23, they celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of their marriage at their home,
seven miles south of San Jose.
Mr. and Mrs. Rogers are among the pioneers, having arrived in San Jose
on Christmas, 1852, For over forty-six years they have lived in the same house
on the Santa Teresa Rancho. __E_B
Both received their friends and callers in a manner that showed they still
have hopes of many years of life and the same degree of happiness with which
they have been blessed. All of their children, with their husbands and wives,
and" the grandchildren were present.
Eleven children were born to the couple. Five girls and one boy are living.
Two children died oefore reaching California and three since. Those living are:
Mrs. Emily J. Colombet, Mrs. Amanda C. Brandon, Mrs. Lily Singleton, Miss Ida
Rogers. Mrs. Delia Lester and George L. Rogers. The grandchildren are: Mrs.
Clementina Struven of San Francisco, Miss Charlotte Colombet, Master Charles
W. Colombet and F. C. Brandon of San Jose.
pects ara most flattering. All the rivers
and creeks, from which most of the
water for inundating land is obtained, are
full, while from some mountain streams
damage is expected. Captain O. Cayer,
who has charge of the Spreckels Sugar
Company's Spence' ranch near Salinas,
received* a telephone message from King
City stating that the rainfall at- Jolon for
the storm was over four inches and that
the San Antonio and Nacimiento were ris
ing rapidly. Word was also received that
the Arroyo Beco was booming. The tem
porary dams in Salinas River at Spreck
els for irrigation purposes were taken out
before the rise reached that point. The
weather is still threatening, the wind
from the south and th*' barometer low.
AUBURN, April 30.— 1t commenced rain
ing this morning and continued all day.
While the cherries will be damaged
somewhat and strawberries retarded,
much benefit will be done to grain in the
lower end of the county. The wheat yield
promises to be the largest since ISSO.
STOCKTON, April Rain began fall
ing early this morning and continued in
termittently until 5:30 p. m. The rainfall
for the storm is .43 of an. inch; for the
month. .53, and for the season, 15.73,
against 6.03 last season. .-
DECOTO. April 30.— Light rain com
menced falling at noon to-day and con
tinued at intervals throughout the after
noon. The precipitation was .22 of an
inch. It is a great help to the newly
planted crop of sugar beets and did no
damage to fruit on the trees.
SANTA CRUZ, April 30.— Rain com
menced falling at noon to-day and con
tinued steadily the entire afternoon.
SACRAMENTO. April 30.— There were
several brisk showers here to-day. The
fall did not measure much, but it was
enough to moisten the surface of the
ground and freshen the growing grain.
The cool, soft weather is beneficial. Vege
tation of all kinds is thriving.
SAN JOSE. April There was the
heaviest rainfall of the present wet sea
son here this afternoon. Tn a few hours
.20 of nn inch fell, and then It cleared and
is cold to-night. The rainfall for the
season is 13.53 ac compared with 6.30 inches
last year. ___________________________
CHRISTIAN CONGREGATION
DEDICATES A CHURCH
Stockton House of Worship Erected
Through the Efforts of a
Clergyman.
STOCKTON. April 30.— The handsome
house of worship of .the First Christian
Church congregation was dedicated to
day, the occasion being marked by a
scries of services extending over the en
tire day. The edifice is a frame one, but
built on lines of substantiality and
beauty. It is a monument to the two
years' indefatigable effort^ of Rev.
Thomas A. Boyer, in building up the ma
terial as v w6ll as the spiritual Interests of
the congregation. The interior is bright
and cozy, with a seating capacity of 700.
The decorations were simple but pretty.
The pulpit is at the southwest cor
ner of the auditorium, and behind
it is a baptistery hidden by sliding
doors. There are many new accommoda
tions for candidates for baptism, such as
dressing rooms and screened exits. The
seating both on the ground floor and gal
lery is ranged in a circle facing the pul
pit. In addition to the regular audience
room there are Sunday-school and class
rooms.
Rev. Dr. Boyer was assisted at tiy
morning service by Rev. Mr. Martin of
Fresno and Rev. Mr. McHatton of Santa
Cruz, denominational associates. There
was a programme of unusual excellence,
several leading vocalists of the city par
ticipating. At the afternoon service all
of the evangelical church pastors partici
pated and felicitated the pastor and con
gregation. .■•»•
The church is free from debt and has
one of the finest locations in the city, at
the southwest corner of Lindsay and
California streets.
BOTTLE CONTAINING
A NOTE FROM ANDREE
Reported Discovery Made on a Polar
Ice I toe Found Off Iceland's
Coast.
NEW YORK, April 30.— cable to the
Journal. from Copenhagen says: Informa
tion was received here to-day from Ice
land that in some polar ice in the neigh
borhood, of Husavik, north of Reikiavik,
a bottle has been found containing a note
from Professor Andree. The bottle, which
was frozen in the ice, was found by a
man, who sent it to Reikiavik with the
request to forward it to Christiania, Nor
way. The text will not be known until
the next mall from Iceland and - . these
mails reach here at uncertain intervals
about six times a, year.
STOR? SUFFERERS IN
NEED OF ASCISTANCE
Governor Stephens of Missouri Asked
to Issue* Proclamation Call-.
;.',,. ing fcr Aid. '". b\
KIRKSVILLE. Mo., April 30.— With the
exception of two victims who died to
day, all those killed in the tornado of
Thursday evening have been buried. Fif
teen thousand visitors came • from hun
dreds of miles around to view the ruins
to-day. Mayor Noonan sent a message
to Governor Stephens to-night asking him
to issue a proclamation in behalf of the
storm sufferers. Twenty-five thousand A
dollars will be needed during the next tw<y*^
weeks to prevent suffering.
CHILLICOTHE, Mo., April 30.— The
death, list at Newtown from Thursday
evening's storm has reached thirteen.
Mrs. Flagg died to-day from her injuries
and three others are dying. Thousands
of sightseers visited Newtown to-day.
FILIPINOS
IRE BETWEEN
TWO FIRES
Continued From First Page.
officials to understand and sympathize
with the Filipinos themselves."
Yesterday before General Otis had is
sued the order directing General Law
ton to return to Angat, the troops of
his command encountered the rebels in
a circle of hills outside of San Rafael,
about five miles northwest of Angp.'
dislodging them after an hour's' figb "▼
Ing. The Americans had three wound »
cd. A thousand armed Filipinos fell
back as the Americans advanced.
The villagers met General Lawton,
offering him provisions. They dare
not flee into the mountain country on
the east because of the robber tribes
there, and on the west are the troops
of General Mac Arthur.
Messrs. Carrick and Holmes, Amer
icans who had been running a sugar
mill at Calumpit and whose fate had
caused some anxiety, have sent word
to Manila that they are safe with Mr.
Higgins manager of the Manila-Dagu
pan railroad at Beyonbang.
VETERAN OF THE SEA
CALLED BY DEATH
NEW YORK, April 30.— Haverhill
(Mass.) special to the Herald says: Cap
tain E. W. Reed, a retired sea captain,
died at his home in this city last evening.
Captain Reed was commander of the
ship T. F. Oakes which arrived in New
York two years ago, scurvy afflicted, after
a memorable voyage of 259 days from
Shanghail, during which the vessel en
countered two typhoons. Captain Reed
was stricken by an apoplectic stroke on
the voyage and his wife took command of
the vessel. Because of their heroism they
were presented with Lloyds rr - "als.
The captain was we., known in shipping
circles on both continents, having fol
lowed the sea for many years. He leaves
a widow and one son.
ADVERT} SEMENTS.
WEAK MEN/"
WEAK WOMEN,
Read This:
Many men and women to-day are wrecks,
- without confidence in themselves no
vigor, snap or capability.
VITALISM
Gives wonderful, quick and sure re-
sults. There is satisfaction in it. Elec-
tricity only relieves temporarily: drugs
only irritate. Vitalism cures! Send or
call to-day for lectures and symptom
blanks; which you can fill out and get
advice by mail without charge. Send
or call at once; it costs you nothing.
-+- £ \
DR. ROUXEL,U
935 Market Street.
i Hours— l 2 to 4 and 7toBp. m,THREE KILLED
AND SCORES
ARE INJURED
Disastrous Wreck of a
Crowded Excursion Train
on the Rochester Road.
CAR JUMPSTHE TRACK
Running Down Grade at a Furious
Rate of Speed Results in the
Derailing of the First Coach.
Special Dispatch to The* Call.
HESTER, X. V., April 30.— Three
persons ere killed and more than a
dozen seriously Injured and fifty less
seriously hurt, as the result of a wreck
this afternoon on the Rochester and
Lake Ontario Railroad, better known
as the Bay Railroad at Rosehbauer's
Corners, about one and a half miles
north of the city line, when two cars
of an excursion train filled with pas
sengers left the track while rounding
a curve at full speed and were com
pletely wrecked. The dead:
JOHN HELBERG, aged 20, died at
hospital.
J. TIERNEY, aged 24, died at hos
pital.
UNKNOWN MAN. died after being
removed from he wreck.
The seriously injured: Julia Sullivan,
aged 18, fractured collar bone; George
Brass aged 36, compound fracture of
th*- forearm; Emil Steingraber. aged
22, back badly injured; Otto Hahnke.
aged 21, both legs badly bruised and
bones of right hand broken; William
Goodman, aged _. years, severe scalp
wound; Emil Schram, aged IS years,
small bones of foot broken; John Bier
shell, aged 42. compound fracture of
leg; Emma Tueselbe'of, aged IT. nose
broken, face terribly lacerated; James
Lombard, internal injury, may prove
fatal; J. F. Moore, H. 1.. Boric. »scar
Dorcshal, William Doerer, C. R. Rhine
hart, John Sullivan, Charles Warner,
Joseph Zimmer. The two latter may
die.
The slightly injured are: Charles
Darrow, A. F. Burnham, Henro Km-li
lin, Valentine Lochner, dm Russin
ger, Henry Bother, Frederick Gold
worth. Charles Nachaler, John 11.
Fredericks, John Fleming, Frederick
Schelberg, Albert Tippens; Frederick J.
Weihnert. W. S. Woodruff, John De
Roller. Joseph Hicks, .Mrs. John Hicks,
injun internally.
Besides these, at least twenty-five
are cut about the face and otherwise
injured. They went home without giv
ing their names.
The train, which was crowded with
excursionists bound for different points
along the shores of Lake Ontario in th-
Irondequoit Bay district, left tin- Bay
Station iii this- cit.v at 2:41 o'clock this
afternoon, about fifteen minutes late.
Every seat in the coaches was filled
and a large number of people * ere
islanding on the forms. The train
was made up of an engine, me closed
and two open coaches. There is a
grade about 100 yards from the corner
of North avenue and Ridge road, and
when this grade was reached the speed
of the I rain increased perceptibly.
Down the grade went th*- train, its
speed increasing constantly. When
the far curve was reached the engine
rounded it with startling rapidity.
Next to the engine was the closed car
riage, divided into two compartments, j
and when it ached the curve it veered j
over to the north side of the road
around the curve on the left wheels.
It had gone but a part of the bend in
the track when it left the rails and
shot straight ahead. There was a sud
den crash and the couplings between
the engine and coach *vere severed and
the coach again veered over and ;
plowed through the earth for several
feet before dropping on its side in the ;
front of th*- Ridge Road Hotel.
The closed coach which was over- i
turned had a partition that divided :
the front part from the rear. Men and
women were thrown into a jumbled
mass over against the roof of the car i
nnd were pinioned under the seats and
the partitions in th- car, which was
torn to splinters.
John Hilborg was standing on the
platform and was caught between the
two cars and crushed to death.
The work of rescue was energetically I
carried on, and as sunn as each sufferer
was taken out he was sent to the hos
pital.
American Shoes in Demand.
MONTEREY. Mexico. April Advices]
have reached here of the organization of
a syndicate of capitalists in the City of
Mexico, with a capital of (500.000, whose
object it is to purchase an immense stock
of American shoes and Import them be-j
fore the proposed increase in duty on 1
shoes goes into effect in this country. The j
shoes will he purchased in San Francisco,
St. Louis and New York.
Youth of Nineteen Weds.
SAN RAFAEL, April Young Paul
Arndt of Angel Island procured a license
to-day from Clerk Graham and was
united to Miss Clyde B. Keihl. :he bride's
age was 20, but in view of the fact that
the groom had only attained the age of
]!> years the father. Otto Arndt. drum
master of the Third Artillery, U. S. A.,
was obliged to give his written consent to
the Issuance of th" license.
B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-H-S-_ B-H-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B
I SUFFERING WOMAN, I
na _- i-n_m Have you 'those pains Incident to your sex? ||J
*. _j__f¥^^fV^___) Do your' nerves feel unstrung Are you suf- ,
I ___^^'' '-^y§Wlh fering from weakness and prostration? This I
B __W___\m__mßm^ V ' i" the condition in which you need more vl- ■
1 HteJK^jßti V tality. Try electricity by using |
I v-g^^y Aw Dp - Sanden's '
.■ «T y W Electric Belt. ■
1 BLmW_\y^^ L /_^_______. It has made great cures and Is a wonderful .
r" -^ '\ %mB-m\\ restorer. When you put this Belt .-,, you '
■ X • X? feel the invigorating current adding new life ■
! / NI j to your nerves and soothing away your pain. I
m _|_^»s_ R '-"' ] this letter: ■
7 X vs_V\ NO. ONTARIO. Cal., April 7, 1899. |
_T d, C°*e. _r *VH_ra\ Dear Sir: I am li*- » different woman m
■ fW\^%&'>° _>_- 4^_!Ufl^ fr " m what ' was last August, when I first 7
I tIV^'V T^fe-'™ started to use your treatment. I was entirely I
■ '-'■ I \ \^^__o_Mi s hr' l ran down, suffering from stomach, bowel and El
i 11 i%LSf °°~o~£ r; f2l_7/7w female complaints: also catarrh. I found lm- |
1 " 1 Tin ■■'.'».'?%y provement in .-* few days. It Just seemed to a
■ ' " • be what I needed. I am a well woman now. 7
1 and only wish I had used the Belt before. I took so much medicine, and doctored so 1
m with the medical concerns .hat are In Los Angeles, that I was sick and disgusted as gj
■ well as seveial hundred dollars poorer. I thank you for the wonderful good your Belt .
has done and will always be glad to verify my statements. n.,,,.™.,^ _L
B MRS. W. P. SAUNDERS. Q
i DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN, Manager, i
I 702 Market St.. cor. Kearny. S. F. SEND , FOR MY BOOK, j
B Or JMH Souh Broadway. Los Angeles. "MAIDEN. WIFE and MOTHER." __
I Offlce Hours— a. m. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays. 1
Q 10 to 1. NEVER EOLD IN DRUG STORES. IT IS MAILED FREE. I
i OUR OFFICES ARE OPEN TO-DAY UNTIL 2 O'CLOCK. ■
SLAIN AS
HE CHASES
A BANDIT
Ogden's Captain of Police
Recklessly Courts
Death.
ONE OUTLAW KILLED
While Attempting to Capture His
Companion Alive the Officer
Is Shot.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OGDEN, Utah, April Captain of
| Po.ice William A. Brown was killed
I this afternoon by a crook whom
ihe sought to arrest. Last night citi-
I zens of Brigham City were held up
|by two men, and at about 10 o'clock
the cutthroats were found near the Hot
Springs, ten miles north of Ogden. The
Sheriff of Box Elder County and his
| deputies had a running fight with them,
! during which time about forty shots were
! fired without a single one taking effect.
[ During the light the robbers threw away
their plunder. They escaped to the moun
tains.
The Sheriff telephoned to ngden for
help. Sheriff Layne, Deputies Belknap
and Bailey and Captain Brown of the po
lice force went out at 4 o'clock this morn
ing, and at 3 o'clock this afternoon they
had the two robbers entrapped in the
mountains. At the time the Sheiff's posse
was about l"" feel above the men and
looking clown on their hiding place. The
officers -all. d upon them to surrender and
the answer was a half-dozen bullets.
Three members of the posse— Sheriff Cor
don of Box Elder, Deputy Belknap of
Ogden and Captain Brown— then secured
a position behind some rocks and called
again for the outaws to surrender. The
elder of the two cried out, "We'll kill you
first." md fired again.
The three officers then took deliberate
aim and killed one of the outlaws. The
remaining outlaw started to run. Brown
cried out that he would capture him alive
and started toward him. Both were run
ning and Brown was gaining on the rob
ber, when he turned and fired, the bullet
passing through Brown's body from right
to left and penetrating the heart.
As soon as Brown fell the robber threw
up both hands and surrendered.
Captain Brown was a member of the
police force for ten years, and has been
a captain but three weeks. He had a
record for a larger number of arrests
than any other member of the force. For
years li,- was on the Union Depot heat.
and he was known to almost every
traveler who ever came through the city.
He was a brother-in-law of ex-Senator
Frank J. Cannon.
The dead robber was named 'William
Morgan and hailed from Chicago. The
younger of the two Is but IS years old.
His story is that the two were brothers.
The dead" robber was about 35 years old.
There is a rumor here to the effect that
a large party is en route to Brigham City
with a lynching In view.
FORESTS MENACED I
BY AN INSECT PEST
Government Agent Investigating in
Northern California and South
ern Oregon. |
SISSON. April 30.— A. D. Hopkins, pro- :
fessor of entomology, of Washington. D.
C, has been detailed by the Government
to investigate the destruction of timber
at Grants Pass. Or., by the insect or
borer that is becoming very destructive
in that locality. In speaking of his mis
sion Professor Hopkins said that through I
West Virginia and other Middle and j
Southern States over an area of 75.000 i
square miles the forests have been wholly j
destroyed by a borer or pest which he
thinks is the same as is reported from
this locality, and the Government is tak
ing active measures to ascertain the hab
its, character and extent of propagation
of the insect and to endeavor to destroy
It. In Squaw Valley he procured some
very fine specimens of a grub or borer |
and its workings. He expressed the belief i
that the healthy timber in this locality
was still free from the pest, owing to;
there being so much timber felled and
manufactured into wood and lumber in
this section that the 'nsect has other ma
terial in the way of stumps and old logs,
which it prefers to work on. There is
no immediate danger of the insect attack
ing the virgin forests and healthy tim
ber.
Railway Service' lmproved.
TIBURON, April 30.— Five elegant cars.
with all modern Improvements, have just j
arrived from the factory for the Call- j
fornia Northwestern Railway Company, j
and will be used exclusively in the run j
between here and San Rafael. Three are
passenger coaches of extra width and I
height, each being fifty-four feet in
length finished In mahogany and sup
plied with large curtained windows, plush !
cushioned seats and a ladies' lavatory i
finished in blrdseye maple. The comple
ment consists of a smoking car furnished
with rattan seats and a combination bag
gage and smoking car similarly equipped. ;
To Enlist More Naval Apprentices.
NEW YORK, April 30.— A Washington
speed to the Herald says: Rear Admiral
Crownlnshield, Chief of the Bureau of
Navigation, has given instructions to the
commanding officer of the Pensacola to
enlist boys as naval apprentices. The
Pensacola will accommodate 200 appren
tices, and the Adams is now on a cruise
with about the same number on board.
Barracks are being erected on Yerba
Buena Island for 400 apprentices. It is
the intention to keep half of the 800 boys
enlisted on the Pacific Coast afloat and
the remainder ashore.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 1, 1899.
CALIFORNIA INITIATES
DEWEY DAY
WrJAT WILL BE DONE ON DEWEY DAY.
THE WEATHER TO-DAY^
Fair, with brisk to hig_- northwest
winds.
THE ATTRACTIONS TO-DAY—
Outing to Sunset Park, Santa Cruz
Mountains, under the auspices of the
Native Sons of Vermont. Train leaves
from the 8:45 narrow-gauge ferry.
Flag-raising in the park. The Mc-
Culloch flag to be hoisted at the band
stand during the afternoon concert
specially arranged for the occasion.
Concert commences at 2 o'clock. The
officers and men of the lowa have
WITH the boom
ing of guns, the
flapping of flags
and the strains
of patriotic songs
without number,
Dewey day will be
launched on the
country's calendar.
It will be like a
Fourth of July
dropped into the
middle of spring; a
memory of the flame
and thunder of bat
tle, a renewal of the
cheers and an after
taste of victory to
which the year past
has added glory day
by day. It will be a
day of days, and the
gentler festival to
which the opening of
the fifth month has
heretofore been ded
icated has been lost
sight of in th- glam
or of th- name and
the exploits of the
hero of Manila.
MAY TIME OUT OK
OLD MANILA BAY.
♦ * ... ♦
IJ. T F you ' re on deck in the morning, steward, when they call the watch, ■•■ ♦
x.s> "'•Have the boatswain's mate pipe loudly alongside the "sickbay" hatch; % ♦
T ,; : Then I'll wake and see the sunshine through the port the llrst o' May % +
+ • As we saw it from the turrets out on old Manila Bay. <$> T
+** * 1
♦J. * nder slow bell, silent, southward, just a year ago to-night fr'T
+ V Were the steelly monsters moving grimly to the morrow's fight; % +
4-* In the dark gangways we waited for the coming of the day * 4
♦ — That would break in peals of thunder over old Manila Bay. 4 +
*"? * +
♦ J Never mind that curtain, steward. I'll lie here and watch the stars. £.' 4
♦ <$, How quiet everything is! Why. the engine hardly jars .!. •♦•
♦* Those bottles there! Shake up my cot a bit. nurse— good! Peaceful lay * +
It The darkness on the sea the morn we struck Manila Bay. *> +
+ .'.'. * ♦
a * Doc, once more I hear the whispers of my shipmates by the guns *b£
♦ <*> And the old man's low-toned order, "Get a little sleep, my sons!" <S>X
-4* There were wakeful moments later when those pieces came in play, *>
"** Marking epochs with their metal out on old Manila Bay. $4-
T ■>■ * +
-£* "How like a god" he stood and ran the game out shell for shell * +
+•£ And ship for ship. "Observe my flag"— he told the fleet, and well - +
Tb* They watched the little blue square flying high above the gray f +
Tij! Smoke clouds of livid war that rolled above Manila Bay. *,+
I ;> ; -' ♦
▼:* I cannot last much longer. Doc, I'll soon pay off and go, * ♦
4* With the bugle blowing "lights out" and the sea winds hymning low; ft
x.. I would not have lived and missed it— that red. rattling first o' May-- .1 4
+ # That hot picnic Dewey gave us yonder on Manila Bay. * 4
♦■♦ <•> 4
f* Tell the fellows back in Berkeley when the 'leven lines up on * ♦
yi The campus for a practice, how we lined up for the Don— £;♦
♦.f. Boston, Baltimore. Olympia. Raleigh, Concord, Petrel— say! '.- "*"
m * Wasn't that a team to tackle out on old Manila Bay? * *♦"
I* - f
+ m Tell them how we worked the "rapids" driving in the deadly shell, _[__
+ * Till each sailor, powder-blackened, looked a devil fresh from hell! ' * t
+ '$> Ah. the chap behind the gun. Doc, was a winner sure that day— <*> x
4-* Death and Dewey ran that meeting out on old Manila Bay. * I
♦.'-' * I
♦ .'.'. Often when the veil of battle round the forward bridge grew thin % 1
♦ * And the metal dogs beneath him slacked a bit their hellish din, * 4
♦«> We'd see him through his glasses take a careful, calm survey 4 ♦
I r Of the targets he was gunning out on old Manila Bay. % ♦
4 * ':'' "^
_^.;> "Send the cook here," called the hero as he dodged a Spanish shot, <£>"__
+ * "Can you serve us now some breakfast? Is your galley fire hot'" *1.
4* "Yes, sir!" "Then make the signal. 'Cease the fighting!'" That was 'I
4-.;, Dewey's way— *^
4* Drank our coffee while the guns cooled out on old Manila Bay. *>
4* Then we turned cleared up mess gear-called time on the Don again * ♦
■♦-* Reached with every gun we had the solar plexus of old Spain, ' *>
*-<j> Till Alphonso XlU's cruisers here and there in scrap heaps lay <$>'+
J* Cannoned into rigor mortis under old Manila Bay ' *4-
X. ;!_ " " +
T.^ Often through the awful pauses of that deadly iron rain % "*"
±* Came the plaintive, dying voices of the martyrs of the Maine. '■*• $
X.Q "Mine is vengeance," salth Jehovah, "verily, I will repay!" ' <• -x.
£* And the Spaniard's squadron perished under old Manila Bay. * 4
£| Did you call time on me, doctor? All right! So I'll pipe down now, % +
History hath no grander sailor— (tells of no more glorious row), * "♦
T^ Than the man who gave the calendar the famous Dewey day— <S> "♦
X* The Dies Irae for the Spaniard out on old Manila Bay. * f
4* San Francisco, April 30, 1599. £ I
■** '** S ■♦
##'.>*--• j *>y i^i~'- *4 *7 S ; y ;-.v. ; M i-};.^*.?.*^***^*.^ # .g, JiA^.«.^4s^^ ••,««. a|
••mm ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦_♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ u»»»4»Mrr?nss
In California the
clay will be one of
special interest. It
was born here and
only here Is It recog
nized as a true na
tional holiday, for
only in this State
has the Government
sanctioned the firing
of the admiral's sa
lute of seventeen
guns, which will
form the warlike
element of the cele
bration. The re
mainder will be left
to the orator, the
singer, the band and
the crowds, and the
countless flags which
will wave the freer
from the victory won
for them in the
southern seas. The
day was the sugges
tion of the Sons of
Vermont. There was
a meeting of the or
der in this city last
January and the
proposition of as
sisting the Sons of
Veterans in celebrat
ing Bunker Hill day
In June was dis
cussed. It had al
most been decided to
join in that event
when It was sug
gested that the first
of May be made a
day of their own,
just such a day as
they had been look
ing for to give an
excuse for a celebra
tion—and what more
glorious cause than
the brilliant achieve
ment of Admiral
Dewey. The Idea
took at once and be
fore a week had
passed the president
of the order, Judge
E. A. Belcher, had
communicated with
all the branches in
the State and had
written to most of
those throughout the
country, and from
every side came the most favorable in
dorsements of the plan. And In recogni
tion of the origin of the idea of Dewey
day, when the Government was appealed
to to give military sanction to the cele
bration, a salute was ordered fired in this
State— a favor granted to no other appli
cant.
The principal celebration will be- at
Sunset Park, in Santa Cruz County. The
Sons of Vermont will take charge of the
day there, and there will be speeches and
music and flags and enthusiasm to last
the day and perhaps a good part of the
night. * Judge Belcher will open proceed
ings with a few words of welcome, and
then will follow a programme of patriot
ism appropriate and inspiring.
It is announced that the celebration in
the Santa Cruz Mountains will take place
rain or shine. There Is a big pavilion at
the park, anyway, and there is no need
of any one getting wet, even should it
rain Its hardest.
The start will be made from the foot of
Market street. Those who go will have
to take the 8:45 narrow-gauge boat.
Round-trip tickets will be $1 and half that
for children under 12 years of age. They
can be purchased at tne ferry after half
past 7 this morning. The return will be
at such time as to land the people in the
city early in the evening.
Around the city the day will be ob
served in a variety of ways, but mostly in
the increase in the number of attractions
which invite people to stay out in the
air. The park will be the scene of the
prettiest ceremony of the day. With the
band playing martial airs the silken flag
made by the sailors of the McCul
loch and presented to the city when that
vessel arrived here after the battle of
Manila will be raised to its place of su
premacy over all.
There will be picnics without limit, for
this is the picnic season, and one of the
fruits of Dewey's victory was to insure
freedom to the people. There is a good
part of the population of this city to
whom freedom means a picnic.
ARGONAUTS CELEBRATE
AT SCHUETZEN PARK
FIFTH ANNUAL PICNIC OF THE
FORTY-NINERS.
Jupiter Pluvius Regulates the Ele
ments and an Enjoyable Day Is
Spent in Games and
Dancing.
When the *49ers started for Schuetzen
Park, near San Rafael, on their fifth an
nual excursion and picnic yesterday it
was raining. But Jupiter Pluvius evi
dently holds the worshipers at the shrine
of the Argonauts in nigh esteem, for the
pilgrims received one of old Sol's genial
smiles as they disembarked on the Marin
County shore and the rest of the day was
theirs to enjoy.
The excursionists crowded all the boats
plying between this city and Tiburon dur
ing the morning and a few delayed their
departure until the afternoon. In all there
were fully two thousand people at the
park, where Fred Schumann had made
all necessary arrangements for their re
ception. The day was pleasantly whiled
been invited to be present and to take
part.
Children's celebration at Glen
Park. Parade and drill of school chil
dren at 10 o'clock and games in the
afternoon.
Baseball at Recreation Park at
2:30 p. m. between the Oakland and
San Francisco teams.
Grand reunion of the parishioners
of St. Francis' parish at Shell Mound
Park. Band will leave on the 9
o'clock boat.
Picnic of employes of the Califor
nia Northwestern Railway Company
at Mirabel Park.
By TOM GREGORY.
Glen Park will be another center of en
thusiasm, for there the school children
will hold sway. There will be a parade of
scholars and if expectations are realized
there will be fully three thousand chil
dren in line. There will also be games
and music. The entertainment will com
mence at 10 o'clock.
The salute of seventeen guns will be
fired from the training ship Pensacola,
from Aleatraz and from the Presidio.
That from the Pensacola will be at 8
o'clock and from the land batteries at 12.
The celebration commenced as early as
last evening, when a number of the local
ministers took as their, texts for the Sun
day evening sermons something pertain
ing to the great victory and the man who
won it.
Rev. F. C. Lee of the California Meth
odist Episcopal Church spoke on "Admir
able Admiral Dewey. ' In the course of
his remarks he said:
All hail Dewey! All hail Dewey Day! An
other star ls added to our galaxy of heroes.
Among the Sabbaths of our national life a
new day has dawned. I believe there are
some things worth fighting for, and liberty —
civil and religious— ls one of them. There Is
such a thing as righteous warfare, and for
the righteousness of our wars as a nation we
challenge the world for as clean a record.
Think as you may, I for my part do not
believe that all the good and great men are
dead and buried. I believe there is just as
good patriotism and just as much of lt ln
the world to-day as ln any previous day. I
believe there is Just as much honor. Just as
much courage. Just as much purity and vir
tue. Just as much brain and brawn In our
land and nation this hour as there was in
'76 or ln '63. Heroism and patriotism are not
extinct virtues, and let no man, with the
record of Santiago and Manila Bay before him.
dare to write opposite these obsolete!
With our pools and combines, trusts and cor
ners ln wheat, sugar, oil, coal, our feverish
anxiety for the latest mining and stock quo
tations, it may look to a Spaniard or a Fili
pino that we worship the "Golden Calf," and
while down on our knees in worship scram
bling for the mighty dollar. But when the
trumpet of war sounds the call to arms-
I away in dancing in the large pavilion,
! games of various kinds and feasting,
most of the picnickers carrying along well
I filled baskets, which were very light bur
dens on the homeward trip.
I The principal feature of the games was
a series of races in which young and old
alike took part and furnished the specta
tors with a deal of amusement. The re
sults were as follows:
Boys under 14 years— First, Robert Merrltt;
second. Frank Curry.
Girls under 14 years— May Smith; sec
ond, Mamie Ryan.
Young men's — First, Frank Keene; sec
ond, Artie Jelinsky.
Young ladles' race— First, Martha Nickers;
second, Jennie Lynn.
Married ladles' race— First, Mrs. Margaret
Tuhey; second, Mrs. J. Jacobsen.
Fat men's race— First, Henry Kluff; second,
Jacob Carthart.
Kit ladies' race— First, Mrs. Mollie Shortens;
second. Mrs. Margaret Ryan.
Members' race— First, I. Betan; second, O.
H. Beige.
Committee race— First, Thomas Benson; sec
ond, J. T. Nelson. * •
The '49ers are composed of members of
San Francisco Parlor No. 49, N. S. G. W.
The committees having the picnic in
charge were:
Committee of arrangements— George W. Spll
ler (chairman), John Hennlng (secretary), D.
Capurro. William H. McPherson. Frank Ma
rlnl, John Kelly. J. W. Collier, E. L. Rlttore,
J. O. Madsino, F. V. Severance. J. T. Nelson,
L. P. Powelson.
Floor committee McGeough (floor man
ager), G. W. Splller (assistant floor manager).
Special exercises of the Central
Methodist Episcopal Sunday-School,
Mission street, between Sixth and
Seventh, at 12:45.
Social entertainment and ball by
the Point Lobos Improvement Club
at Richmond Hall at 8 o'clock.
Exercises under the auspices of the
Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs in the Hall of the West of Cas
tro Street Improvement Club, 612
Douglass street, at 8 o'clock.
Dressing of the ships in the harbor
and along the docks on the water
front.
when a Secretaiy of
the Navy like. Roose
velt, millionaires and
the sons of million
aires, like Astor and
Fish, enlist and go to
the front— when cur
boys, husbands, broth
ers, sons are mar
shaled Into armies and
transported half way
round the globe, then
we rub the Bleep from
our eyes, shake the
lethargy from our
limbs and ith good
American blood ting
ling through our veins
to our very finder tips,
we rally round the
flag, to protect Its hon
or or advance its cause.
And In the hour of
trial and danger, the
heart of the nation
beats true, while thrk-e
10,000 lives are loyal
even unto death. If
history has any lesson
for us it is that un
usual conditions pro
duce great characters,
and that God always
has the man for tic
hour. So while other
■ generations have had
their Moses, their
Charlemagne, Crom
well, Washington,
Wellington, we have
our Shatter, our Schley
and our Dewey! Every
epoch and evsry era
brings its own inspira
tion—the man, or men,
fitted for the times.
Let us then to-mor
row reverse the old
senseless and heartless
custom of waiting un
til our heroes are six
feet under ground be
fore we sing their
praise or wreath the
laurel. A kind word
while living is worth a
ton of granite when
dead.
Let Dewey day be
celebrated with burst
if music and roar of
gun. Let a . grateful
nation shout out its
praises so long and
loud that our words of
gratitude and good
cheer will go echoing
across the Pacific from
the Golden Gate to
Hawaii and frcm Ha
waii to Manila, reach
ing the ears and glad
dening the heart of
our Admiral — whose
name will go down In
history linked to that
of Nelson, Perry and
Farragut.
Admiral Dewey, as
an American citizen I
salute you. May you
"never give up the
ship" for the White
House; the bridge for
th*' Presidential chair!
Dr. Charles Ed
ward Locke's sub
ject at the Central
Episcopal Church
last evening was
"D ewe y's Victory
and the New Prob-
lems and Opportuni
ties It Brings to
Church and State."
His text was "God
shall Mess us; and
all the ends of the
earth shall fear
h i m." Psalms
Lxvii:7.
__. Dr. Locke said:
This evening closes the most memorable year
of this generation. Between May 1. 1898, "and
to-night events have occurred which are chang
ing the policies of the nations and swinging
portals wide open to the progress of truth.
National expansion is Inevitable; It is thrust
upon us. The Philippines are ours as part of
the victory of war. The hands do not move
backward upon the dial. It would have been
cowardly to leave the Islands in the palsied grip
of Spain, and It would be cruel to leave them
to semi-savage self-government: and it would
be puerile to refuse to bear the obligations
which their retention will Impose upon us as
a people.
To take these islands and Christianize and
civilize them Is our response to to refrain of
the ages, "Westward, ho! the star of empire
takes Its way!"
Dewey's victory, which Is to be celebrated to
morrow, has also brought new and Imposing
opportunities to the church. The church la to
carry the pure gospel and teachings of Christ
to multitudes of people to whom the Son of
God has been misrepresented. The corruption
of the Philippine Islands Is Indescribable.
Loathsome orgies of Impurity have cursed the
people. Official rapacity and priestly despotism
have enslaved the inhabitants. I have details
of the depravity of the teachers and leaders
of the people that would be Indelicate to men
tion before this audience.
It ls the church's duty to go promptly into
these our new possessions, because here for
several hundred years has been exemplified the
fact that a Christian civilization without our
Christ does not civilize. And If avaricious and
greedy men are not preceded and followed by
Christian workers lt would be better for the
Filipinos to relapse Into paganism.
Abject heathenism ls better than modern
civilization without Christ. A Market-street
firm In this city makes a boast that the largest
consignment of beer ever made has just gone
to the Philippines. The excrescences of our
civilization are a curse to any people.
The cross must go with commerce. The ma
chinery of our methods of living and doing
destroys life unless there ls the great balance
-wheel of faith In ami love for Christ.
The last of the celebration will be
flashed from the slopes of Twin Peaks,
where the improvement clubs of the mis
sion will keep bonfires blazing until after
midnight.
H. M. Locke. Charles Weber, F. V. Severance,
George Ash. George Glover, Charles Reinfeld,
George Nicholson. I. Beban, O. H. Berge, L.
P. Powelson, Benjamin Levy.
Committee of games— William McPherson
(chairman). J. W. Collier, Thomas Benson,
D. O'Connell, Thomas Hartford.
Committee on wheels (which Chairman Hen
nlng says means bicycles only)— J. A. Hen
ning (chairman), David Capurro, E. L. Rittore,
V. Perazzi.
MEDAL SHOOT AT
SCHUETZEN PARK
Owing to the death of C. Grabb, an
active member of the San Francisco
Turner Schuetzen, there were few marks
men at Schuetzen Park yesterday and a
medal shoot of the California Schuetzen
Club was the only event of the day. The
members shot off two strings each and
the complete scores were as follows:
A. Strecker. 222 and 213; J. Utschig Sr.. 221
and 212; A. Rahwyler, 207* and 17.7; C. Sagehorn,
173 and 145; E. Woenne, 169 and 199: J. Kull
man. IS9 and 198; G. Tammeyer. IS!) and 182; J.
E. Gorman, 211 and 209; F. E. Mason, 219 and
217; J. Wollmer, 193 and 197: O. Bremer. 20*5 and
211; C. .1. Walden, 192 and 195: F. A. Schrumpf,
1.7.7 and 107: O. Hreuss, 107 and 108; A. Hampel.
174 and 189; C. Waller. 135 and 140: A. Jungblut,
ISO and 16S; A. Utschig. 168 and 170; J. Utschig
Jr., 203 and 197; J. Jones. 175 and 172.
Krieger Verein Shoot.
The Fremulegge Schuetzen Section of the
__ ADVEBTISEMEKTS. *)
THE GREATEST DISCOVERY OF
THE AGE.
Cures Catarrh, Colds, Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitis, and
All Throat and Lung Diseases, and Prevents
O, Consumption,
\\ By INHALATION.
IF* %% y%\ --A il^
If ifff CLOUOS^TMEDiCATED AIR
gill J|l| ' Ifi _ ll' 8 are Inhaled through the mouth and emitted from the nostrils.
||11-- 11 t'ffl_f*'"' rli' j cleansing and vaporizing all the inflamed and diseased parts,
llil! -» Jo I IP"" |ffn which cannot be reached by medicine taken into the stom-
I VMi^i X Costs You Nothing to Test It at Any
I 1 ? jj||[| I|| JU Drug Store. Price $1, with Everything
ijfe® I Complete, at All Druggists', or Mailed
from Our Office.
DOCTORS INDORSE IT. EVERYBODY PRAISES IT
OVER 400,000 SOLD IN 90 DAYS.
Cast Aside All Other Medicines and Treatments for Twenty-four Hours
and Give This New System a Trial.
It permeates every air passage.
And at once destroys the disease germs.
It cures through medicated and vitalized air.
It is an Invigorating tonic to the vital forces.
You are not conlined to the mere odor of a remedy.
You obtain the remedy Itself applied directly to the ailment.
It positively cures Catarrh and diseases of th.- nasal organs.
It positively cures diseases of the throat and lungs.
It enables you to cure yourself at home.
It is a powerful yet harmless antiseptic.
It is as easy to breathe as the common air.
It renders unnecessary any cutting, burning or cauterizing.
It destroys at once the bacilli of bronchitis and consumption.
I « use is followed immediately by a sense of relief.
It enables you to save big doctor's fees.
It is the most rational treatment known.
It makes you feel like a new person. _,_„_,. ...  _. 
This company has prepared separate specifics for all diseases, which are sola by all
druggists. Each remedy is so labeled there can be no mistake. With them every mother
can become the family doctor. ._•_,_«. 
If you have rheumatism mv Rheumatism Cure will cure it in a few hours: -iy Dyspepsia
i Cure will cure any case of indigestion or stomach trouble: 90 per cent of kidney complaints.
i Including Bright's Disease, can be cured with my Kidney Cure: nervous affections and
j diseases of the heart are controlled and cured by my Nerve and Heart Cure; my Cold Cure
: will break up any form of cold in a few hours; 57 cures for 57 ailments. Every druggist sells
I them— mostly 25 cents a vial. Medical advice by mail absolutely free. 1506 Arch street.
Philadelphia.
Deutscher Krieger Verein beld its month- *
ly medal and bullseye shoot yesterday
at Shell Mound. The bad weather kept
the majority of the members away, but a
few enthusiasts braved the elements and
perforated the targets.
The folowing are the scores:
Medal Champion class. Carl V\ eg
genmann, 389; first class, F. Kaiser, 363;
second class, John Bender. 354; third class.
Charles Meyer, 270; most bullseyes,
George Hertz. first best shot. F. Kaiser, ;
25: last best shot, John Bender, 20.
Bullseye shoot— First prize, C. V\ eg
genmanh: second prize, X. Silbersohn;
third prize, F. Kaiser; fourth prize, John
Bender; filth prize. Charles Meyer.
Preached at St. John's Church.
Rev. Dr. Brant of Boston preached an
inspiring sermon yesterday morning be
fore the congregation of St. John's Epis
copal Church. His text was: "Howbeit
thai was not tirst which is spiritual, but
that which is natural, and afterward,
that which is spiritual." He spoke
of spiritual proceeding from the natural
as exemplified in the various affairs of
life, and the necessity of wrestling with
our difficulties for the glory of that which
shall come after.
In the evening the rector. Dr. E. P.
Spalding, was the preacher, the subject
being, "The Unchangeable God."
Manager Jack's Funeral.
NEW YORK, April 30.— Services over
the remains of Sam T. Jack, the theatri
cal manager, took place this afternoon.
Flowers and floral tributes in abundance
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purcbasers' Guide to Respoosible Merchaots, Manufac-
turers, BroKers, Importers, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers.
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION*
IN CORRESPONDING WITH ANY OP THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINO. I
LP IJFfiFV Manufacturer of Belting and
T. V LULii, LaCB Leather. 105-107 Mis- j
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. |
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, i
XV. J. BRADY. Proprietor. ■
Special Attention Fa Id to Repairs and Shis !
Work.
Cffice and Works-113-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY.. !
242 to 350 Geary Streat. Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books ond Stationery. j
piicedn v ii i F * our * ft
I UT I" MIII Ji I cur Special Brew
V/ 11 1 LIIU I I I L Overcoats and
\J 1 1 1 L_ lI\JII I L. 6c Overcoats and
Valises checked free. |
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
UOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLYTH. M?r.
C. W. Smith, Ship PlumHnu, Steamboat j
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 j
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DENTISTS.
I_D r W HCri_ CD - 806 Market, rms. « to 18. j
VII- v TT- 1/ ELM- IV Colton gas for painless
extraction of teeth a specialty. i
DRUGGISTS iWHOLESALEi.
REDINGTON & CO, S?£*ffilUS?i I
were sent by friends. The religious ser
vice was conducted according to the Ma
sonic ritual. A large number of theatri
cal friends were present. The body was
later taken to Oil City, Pa., where inter
ment will take place to-morrow.
WALTER PHILIPS DEAD.
Sonoma County Vineyardist Passes
to the Beyond.
SANTA ROSA, April 30.— Walter Phil
ips, one of the best known vineyardists
and wine-makers in Sonoma County, died
at. his home in Bennett Valley this morn
ing after an illness lasting only two or
three days. Dec-eased was BO years of age
and a native of Ireland. He leaves a large
family. He was one if the old settlers
and had resided in Sonoma County for
many years.
Builders' Contracts.
Hermann Engemann (owner) with J. H.
Hughes & Co. (contractors), architect M. J.
Welsh, all work for a two-story frame build
ing (store and residence) on W line of Mission
street, 90 S of Fifteenth. B 20 by W 60.
Robert Wilson (owner) with J. L. Wilson
and J. F. Long (contractors), plans furnished
by owner, all work except finish hardware,
which will be furnished by owner, for a three
story and basement frame building on E line
of Second avenue, 177: Hi S of i_ake street, S
25 by E 120, Outside Lands 72.
Henry Meyer (owner) with George R. Long
(contractor), architects Salfleld & Kohlberg,
carpenter and. mill work, glazing, plastering
and tinning for alterations on a residence on
NW corner of Pacific avenue and Franklin
street, W ,70 by N 127: &V*.
FRESH AND SALT MBATS,
JAS. BOYES, lg°Jef a"iff& CO,
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., Importers and Deal-
ers in hardware. 603 Market: tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton SHedley. Prom..
234 Fremont St. Castlnes of Every Do.
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
LIQUORS.
GUDOLD WHISKEY, gallon $1.50 ; east, $6.00
0. P. S. PONY, do $2.50; cue $10.00
L. CAHEN k SON, 118 Sacramento St., S. F.
PAPER DE ALERS.
1 AMFTTF PULP paper Street.
If ILLMItILI It. 722 Montgomery Street,
PRINTING.
E C- HUGHES, r,n gggggg.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
T g rf. phIc PARTRIDGE j£gg£
THE HICKS- JUDD CO., K?g •»£",£ ,,.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Ye ■-- Agents and rubllc Weigher*. C
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. «0 California Ft. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
Tl nVTIV ' ' •■"^quarters for One Jewelry and
• Limy I » --k. Weddlne Rin_r». « -A st.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MININO CO. at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIEa.
Is the Best Coal in ths Market.
fil__c« ua Yftri«~4s» Mala _.wm%
34
MONDAY MAY I, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
*ddrf>3S All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1863.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS, IR CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, fi rents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
fV.TI.Y CALL (including Sunday * all), one year ?o.o*>
I»AILT CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALI^-By Single Month <!."><_
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
V.EEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
hHW YORK OFFICE Room 183. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montfiomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 36? Mayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open ur.tl! 9:30
o'clock- 615 LcrKir. street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
:£4l Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 A\arkeS
itrcct, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open urjtll 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, ooen until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia^— "The Woman Hater."
Grand Opera House — "Xl Capitan."
Orpheum— Va udevllle.
Alcazar— "Captain Swift."
Tlvoll— "The Geisha."
Chutes Zoo and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties,
Insterstate Panorama Co.. Market street, near Eighth—
Battle of Manila Bay.
Recreation Park— Baseball. j
Glen Park— Mission Zoo.
Cnicn ("cursing Park— Coursing to-day.
El Campo— The popular bay resort. Amusements every
Sunday.
Excursion to Santa Cruz Mountains— Monday, May 1.
Sutro Paths— Swlmmins races. e*c.
A CLEAR COMMERCIAL SKY.
THE domestic and foreign trade of the United
States, as shown by the weekly exports, is ex
ceptionally prosperous. This is the season
when the export trade generally falls to its minimum
for the year, and in spite of this the exports of manu
factured products for the month of March were $36,
--000,000, or 35 per cent of all the exports, this fine
showing largely compensating for the falling off in
the shipments of cereals and other natural products.
This proportion has seldom if ever been touched be
fore, and it is a striking illustration of the great ex
pansion of our foreign trade. The exports of wheat
this crop year have been considerably less than during
the same period in 1898, the figures being 96.290,000
bushels, against 195.592,000 bushels. The bank clear
ings show no falling off in general business, those for
last week being 65.7 per cent larger than for the same
week in 1898, and New Orleans nd Minneapolis
were the only cities of any size to show a decrease.
The gain in New York was 91.7 per cent, in Boston
69.3 per cent, in Pittsburg 76 per cent, and 51 * on.
The commercial failures were 184. against 245 for the
corresponding week last year. There arc no signs
of a falling off in domestic trade anywhere, though the
demand for general merchandise is lighter, as is usual
at this season of the year, when the spring trade is
over and the summer trade has hardly begun. The
retail business of the country, however, is reported
good, being assisted by favorable weather.
The staples remain about as previously reported.
Wool is quieter but steady, and sales of foreign de
scriptions for export are still being made. Cop
per has ruled very firm at an advance. Leather is
also strong, largely owing to the small stocks of hides
available. Wheat is unsettled, but prices stand about
where they have been for some little time. Lumber
continues firm. Iron and steel are quieter as far as
new business is concerned, but prices continue strong
and the margin of profit is still good.
hi? remarkable hew well business stands the strain
of foreign complications. It was feared a week or
two ago that the strained relations in Samoa and the
Philippines would have an adverse effect, but thus far
none has been apparent. It was the same through
out the Spanish war. No matter what happened
abroad the business of the country went on expand
ing, with hardly a ripple on the commercial stream.
It is an object lesson to other countries, as showing
the stability of American institutions and the perfect
confidence of the American people in their Govern
ment. We know that we are able to take care of
ourselves on land or sea, and in the midst of war go
on merchandising as if war were a mere side issue —
something to amuse the children, as it were.
There was not much excitement in Wall street dur
ing the week. The continued easing of the money
market, larger supplies if funds and the disposition
on the part of the banks and money lenders to look
more favorably upon industrials as collateral had a
pood effect and the feeling was decidedly better. The
only drawbacks were the uncertainty regarding the
crops and a slackening of public interest in the
market, which made itself apparent in a falling off in
the volume of transactions. Bonds again came to the
front in preference to stock?, and were strong and in
demand.
Conditions in California continue brilliant. It is
resting to observe that in official reports of the
condition of the wheat crop the six principal winter
rv heat States make an average of 60 per cent, while
California is classed as perfect, or 100 per cent. This
means millions to us. and its importance cannot be
c\ stimated. If wheat is perfect the minor cereals
are likely to be equally promising, and they are. Fruit
conditions remain about the' same. With the single
exception of peaches the crop will be light, but there
will be no famine in any description, and the light
res': of the yield will result in higher prices and better
markets, besides leaving the field clear for the next
year. This season promises brilliantly for the fruit
grower and general farmer, and as a natural conse
quence for the merchant; and it is reasonably safe to
lay that 1899 will be one of the best all-round years
)he State has ever seen.
Massachusetts has* come to the conclusion that the
telephone business is a public service that ought to
be regulated by the public and not by a monopoly,
and a bill has been introduced into the Legislature
giving the State Gas and Electric Commission the
right to supervise it and fix prices. The conse
quence is the telephone company in Boston is crying
out that the good old State is getting to be as woolly
as Kansas.
.
The announcement is made that among the sup
plies the Government is to purchase for the Indians
this year re to be a number of lawn mowers, so the
next outbreak of the brave . will probably be one of
profanity because the Government did not provide
loldicrs to run the machines.
THE BATTLE OF MANILA BAY.
j r\ YEAR ago to-day, at a quarter to 8 o'clock in
i j\ the morning, while Admiral (then Commodore)
■ * Dewey and his forces were fortifying themselves
by a hearty breakfast for the second part of the battle
of Manila Bay, Colonel George A. Loud on the
revenue cutter Hugh McCulloch wrote in his diary
j the following words:
"This is Sunday and May day, and it will be an
j American date in history."
This prediction, made when the echoes of the ter
rible cannonade that had destroyed the flagship of the
Spanish admiral and wrought havoc on the Spanish
fleet and the Cavite battery had scarcely died away,
has been literally fulfilled. In the dead of the night
the American squadron had passed Corregidor
Island, and in the gray dawn it -had approached
within four miles of Manila. Five times it had
sailed in grand procession, describing a semi-circle,
and had poured jits terrific broadsides upon the
enemy, both in the water and upon the land. The
I. la de Cuba, to which the Spanish admiral had trans
ferred his flag, had been sunk. One torpedo-boat had
disappeared and another had been riddled under the
fire of the Olympia. When Colonel Loud wrote the
battle had been practically won, but at 20 minutes to
11 it was renewed, and by half-past 12 the Spanish
vessels were sunk or destroyed, Cavite had sur
rendered and Manila was at our mercy. Not an
American life had been lost and only five or six of a
gun crew on the Baltimore had been slightly
wounded by splinters.
I This is a brief record of a naval engagement that j
. humbled the pride of Spain, emblazoned our Occi- j
' dental flag with the splendors of the Orient, estab-
l ished a new epoch in naval warfare and enrolled Ad- i
: miral Dewey in the fraternity of the immortals. The j
sacrifice of life among the defeated Spaniards was
: comparatively small. But seven of their ships were
: swept from their chosen refuge, and their shore de
fenses, armed with powerful guns, reduced with a
precision and with a celerity that had never previously
been equaled. In every sense the victory was com
-1 plete. In the first actual test upon a large scale of
: modern vessels and modern armaments, in which me
. chanical adjustments play such a conspicuous part, the
United States led the powers of the world. Admiral
Dewey, with his broad intellect, with his scientific
education and trained experience, with his perfect
nerve and with his calm and prompt judgment, was
the very type of a great naval commander of the nine
teenth century. He made no mistakes, then or since,
either of omission or commission. The deep enthu- I
siasm of his countrymen, the plaudits of the nations;
have not shaken his self-poise. He remains where |
his honors were won, the appreciative recipient of !
Congressional ami popular distinction, avoiding the '■
rock of politics, upon which so many high reputa
tions have been wrecked, and illustrating his patriot
ism by the uncomplaining endurance of privations
and by the resolute fulfillment of duty. And no one
of the intelligent and brave officers and men who dis
played their superiority of race and of discipline has
been overlooked by their commander or will be for
gotten by their rejoicing fellow-citizens. All are in
cluded in the glory of this auspicious anniversary.
"Tho dominant blood that daunts the foe.
That laughs at odds and leaps to the blow-
It is Dewey's glory to-day, as Nelson's
A hundred years ago."
THE HUNTINGTON DICTATORSHIP-
T T has been the custom of Mr. C. P. Huntington
IT has been annual visit to Mr. State to deliver one
during his annual visit to this State to deliver one
speech, in which his imperial decrees were suc
cinctly registered. This year the latest phase of rail
road policy has been developed in a succession of ad
dresses by Mr. Huntington, in which his autocratic
character is boldly and incisively revealed.
He appears to entertain a sublime confidence in
himself and an unflinching determination to govern
both State and national policy. His blunt expres
sions, however, in the first place, conflict with estab
lished facts, and, in the second place, excite the
deepest hostility. If. in a few sentences on his own
behalf and representing his railroad corporations, he
would announce his withdrawal from all pretense of
supremacy over the law and over social, industrial and
political action, and then live, up to the declaration,
harmony would be restored and the railroad and the
public could labor together for that kind of prosperity
that would lift the State out of the slough of corrup
tion to a level corresponding with its geographical po
sition and its natural advantages.
But Mr. Huntington seems to be obstinately bent
upon rigid adherence to despotic conservatism, and
when, with the stern paternalism of William of Ger
many, he occasionally expresses his personal wish to
advance the public interests, prolonged and bitter ex
perience contradicts his statements.
In his address of Thursday night at the Palace
Hotel banquet he formulated his belief, in which the
intelligence of the world shares, "in the future of San
Francisco," and declared that the true interests of
the State and of the railroad were identical. This
proposition has never been seriously disputed except
by Mr. Huntington himself, whose definition of
mutuality of interest, like Lord Glosmore's concep
tion of liberty, means unqualified submission to rail
road demands and to railroad aggressions. With
marked consistency with his past conduct, but with
equally conspicuous inconsistency of sentiment, he
advocated Asiatic expansion, which would insure an
endless supply of cheap and degraded . labor, but
recognized the great necessity of California to be the
introduction of thrifty colonists. He even addressed
honeyed words to the unfortunate Finns, whose ex
cellent capacity for colonization will be generally con
ceded. But what immigrating spider would be de
sirous of entering the railroad web? Does Mr. Hun
tington remember the Dutch colony that was induced
to settle a few miles from Merced, which comprised
an unusual combination of intelligent, educated and
honest families, possessed of means, who transferred
themselves and their possessions with their Lares and
Penates to California? Those people were drawn
from their native land by glowing representations and
by flattering proposals. They brought with them the
industry and the integrity of their race and expended
large sums of money, established substantial homes,
erected ornamental and attractive structures for so-
cial purposes and commenced horticultural operations
upon an extensive and diversified scale. The result
was that, within a few years, their capital was lost and
their enterprise abandoned. Most of them were re
duced to poverty and the survivors returned to Hol
land. To-day their settlement is an uninhabited ruin.
The soil, thinly spread over the bedrock, would bring
no fruit to perfection, and the dead orchards and the
crumbling buildings are a ghastly memorial to fraud
and to greed.
White colonization is a prime necessity to this
State, but it must be promoted under public auspices.
It will not flourish through railroad methods.
There are many other striking points in the last
manifesto of Mr. Huntington. He indorsed in words,
as an excellent rule of mercantile life, supplementing
the payment of "legal taxes" by allowing a reason
able margin of profit to purchasers of goods, but he
omitted a reference, which the community will sup
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 1, 1899.
ply, to the fact that the railroad has always been the
principal tax-shirker on this coast and has rarely con
tributed to the liquidation of public indebtedness ex
cept under compulsion or through compromises that
produced the most unjust unequality.
California does need "more people" and our mer
chants "more customers," but our "logical develop
ment" can only be secured through efforts apart from
the railroad, unless Mr. Huntington reverses his
policy and renounces a dictatorship, to which Ameri
can communities will not submit.
THE DREYFUS CASE.
IT has been frequently announced in the press that
the decision of the Court of Cassation in the
Dreyfus case will be promulgated to-day. Wheth
er this statement is authoritative or not remains to
be seen. All civilized nations await the final decision
of the tribunal that represents the ultimate judg
ment of France with the deepest interest.- The real
question seems to be whether, under a government
nominally republican, the law can be gagged by
military influence.
An enormous mass of evidence has been taken and
most of it has been published. That the conviction
of Dreyfus by a court-martial was improper is the
very least that can be claimed under the additional
proof. The bordereau, containing treasonable in
formation for the benefit of Germany upon which
the prosecution was based, must certainly now be
discarded. Three out of five experts at the trial ex
pressed the opinion that it was in the handwriting
of Dreyfus, but one of these three, M. Charavay,
upon further consideration, has retracted his original
views, and the majority, therefore, now favor the ac
cused. If in other respects the trial had not been
grossly unfair, this fact alone ought to insure either
the release of Dreyfus or a new hearing.
Under the French method of reinvestigation it has
been insisted that there were other evidences of guilt,
not introduced before the court-martial or the in
troduction of which was studiously concealed at the
time, by which' the alleged crime was or. might have
been sustained. The widest latitude for the pre
sentation of this testimony has been allowed by the
Court of Cassation, which has considered an unlim
ited number of documents and many oral statements,
chiefly hearsay, matter of opinion and vague con
jecture.
The result is that the case against Dreyfus has
been materially weakened, and, in the opinion of
sound lawyers in France and elsewhere, his innocence
has been at least presumptively shown. His alleged
confession has not been proved. The secret dossier
upon which so much reliance was placed was almost
certainly an ingenious afterthought. The trial and
acquittal of Esterhazy, upon a charge of having
written the bordereau, was transparently a concocted
scheme to check the development of public opinion
in favor of Dreyfus. The confinement of Colonel
Picquart, who chivalrously assailed the proceedings
that had brought reproach upon France, is an obvi
ous persecution. The arbitrary punishment of Zola
was an attack upon free speech and upon the right
to express honest opinions, for which the only re
cent parallel to be found is the legislative onslaught
upon the California press at the instigation of the
railroad.
The law governing the Supreme Tribunal of
France lias been amended during the present year.
As it now stands the revision proceedings must re
sult in one of three judgments. It may be held that
the conviction was legal and just, but this can hardly
be anticipated. It is more likely that one of the re
maining alternatives will be adopted. The Court
may annul the sentence, declare Dreyfus innocent
and award him an indemnity, or it may determine that
a crime was perpetrated, with which he was not
legally connected, and direct a retrial before another
tribunal. The last form of decision would simply
recognize the evident fact that some one having ac
cess to the records of the Staff Department of the
French Army had committed a heinous offense, but
would not imply a judicial belief in the guilt of
Dreyfus.
It is earnestly to be hoped that the outcome of
the investigation may relieve France from the im
putations of injustice and cruelty that have impaired
her national standing, and measurably remedy an
apparent atrocity, against which more than three mil
lion Frenchmen have at last protested.
THE SIBERIAN RAILWAY.
RECENT statistics relating to the great Siberian
Railway show that the line will be something of
much more value than a mere military road.
As the line open for traffic is extended the amount
of its business increases so rapidly there is abundant
evidence to justify the conclusion that the railway is
needed to meet the demands of commerce and in
dustry and will repay the Russian Government even
if it were of no strategic value whatever.
Upon the western and central divisions of the great
road now in operation there were carried in 1896 less
than 175,000 passengers. In 1897 there were 413,000
and in 1898 fully 650,000. The present year, it is pre
dicted, will see the number increased to 1,000,000.
Equally marked has been the increase in freight. In
1896 it was scarcely 405,000,000 pounds; in 1898 it was
more than 1,475,000,000 pounds. These figures show
to what an extent Siberia is being colonized and its
resources developed.
This rapid increase of traffic is said to be surprising
to the Russians themselves. It is much greater than
the road was prepared for, and as a consequence
while the line is being pushed forward at the rate of
about two miles a day a sum equal to $9,000,000 has
been appropriated to lay heavier and better rails along
certain portions of the old track to fit it for the traffic
carried on upon it; and at the same time something
like $20,000,000 has been set apart for the construc
tion of branch lines as feeders.
It has been long foreseen that the opening of the
Siberian road will work a mighty change in the course
of the commerce between Europe and the Orient, but
it now appears it will work in Russia itself a much
greater change than was expected. It has broken up
the stagnation of ages and set large numbers of Rus
sian people to traveling in search of new homes. It
has proven that Siberia is really a rich country^ fitted
to become the home of a prosperous people. It will
bring the wheat lands of Siberia into close communi
cation with the parts of Russia where droughts are
common and will thus aid in diminishing the suffer
ing which follows the frequent famines. The rapidity
with which the traffic is increasing also has had the
effect of encouraging the Government in the work,
and the enterprise is now being prosecuted with more
vigor than ever.
Miss Viola Jeffres of Telegraph Hill, the author
of the Tom Bozzle letter, is wasting her time in a
cracker factory. Her gift of metaphor should have
no difficulty in finding a market. "My heart beats
for you," she wrote, "like a nanny-goat on a tin
roof." Match that if you can for a figure of speech.
Let every shop be closed to-day anu every starry
banner fly. There is but one Admiral Dewey in the
world — he is ours.
OAKLAND HAS
CRAWLED OUT
OF THE HOLE
Won Another Game
From Sacramento.
NEW GROUNDS DULY OPENED
HITS AND ERRORS THE FEA
TURES OF THE EVENT.
Rain Interfered Somewhat With the
Play and Prevented the Game
at Recreation Park in
the Afternoon.
In a drizzle that threatened every mo
ment to develop into a downpour, Oak
land opened its new ball grounds at Gold
en Gate yesterday morning by defeating
the Senators by a
___^ score oMI to 5. It
was a nasty day and
none of the San
Francisco contingent
ventured across the
ba y, but several
hundred loyal Athe
nians braved the in
clement weather and
rooted for their
bunch of cripples.
It may have been
the rooting, or it
may have been the
moisture, or possi
bly it was Manager
J. Cal Ewlng's win
ning smile and new
song, but whatever
the mascot wa s,
those Oaklanders
got in and slugged
the ball as they have
not lambasted It be
fore this season. Ev
erybody hit the
sphere— that is everybody who ever pre
tends to hit it, and after the third inning
the result was never in doubt.
Sacramento presented Its regular team
with Beckwith in the box. Now Beck
with is a good out
fielder, a fair sticker
and an exceedingly
fast man on the
paths, his particular
feature being his
ability to get away
from a base, but
Beckwith should take
the miscreant who
made him think he
could pitch and
argue with him to
the contrary, using a
bat to enforce his
argument. Beckwlth
sails them up the
center aisles life
sized and easy go-
Ing, a veritable in
vitation to be
swatted that is al-
most invariably ac
cepted. Next week,
win a the Senators
are reinforced by
Harvey. and the
stern-wheeler gets
down to his gait,
they will begin to
win games, but at
present they are
firmly Intrenched in the last ditch, and
It does not seem likely that any other
team in the league could rout them out
of it even If the attempt was made.
Sixteen hits, including two home runs
on,, ° *~" M ~ the sum total of Oak
land's stick work
for the game. Billy
Hammond and Mos
kinian both put the
ball over left field
fence for the cir
cult, ami Mosklman
plugged out a
two bagger be
sides. The midget
catcher, however,
was the star of the
game, for besides
his four - cushion
shot he ricked out
three singles.
Russell, not con
tent with his work
on Saturday, want
ed to repeat the
fierformance.so Ew
ng, in response to
his entreaties, al
lowed him to go Into
the box araln. But
one inning was
enough for Russell.
Sacramento piled up
two runs and three
hits, and Russell
gave way to Moskl
man, who finished
the string, Dun
leavy going to first.
The Senators were as full cf holes as
a steve, and when the Oaklands did not
hit the ball fair they manager to reach
first on a misplay.
About the only feature of the game,
aside from the slugging, was "Old Jack"
Donovan's phenome
nal slides to bases
Jack made tw*
dives and skatet
Into the bag on hi
wishbone with th*
grace and daring tha
mark* his base-run
ning in the old days
He has fully recov
ered from his charle;
horse and is one'
more easily the bee
base-pilferer in tin
league.
Just as the team:
started across thi
bay to fill their af
ternoon engagemen
at Recreation Pari
the rain began to
come down heavily, continuing until af
ter it was decided to postpone the con
test. Then it cleared up and the sun
shone beautifully the remainder of the
afternoon to the great disgust of Cal
Ewing. who was convinced that he had
shattered the hoodoo that has pursued
him all the season, and figured on mak
ing it three straight from the Senators
The score of the morning game is as fol
lows:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Peeples, 3 h 4 0 0 0 10 1
Stultz, 2 b 3 0 10 2 6 1
Stanley, c * 1 l 0 6 l l
Doyle, c. f 4 2 10 0 0 0
Egan. s. s 4 12 0 2 4 2
Sheehan, r. _ 4 0 10 0 0 0
Shanahan, 1 b 4 0 0 0 ii l i
Walker, 1. f 4 10 0 10 1
Beckwith, p 3 0 10 14 l
Totals- ...34 5 7 0 24 15 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. ro. A. E
Donovan, c. f 4 2 2 0 3 0 6
Schmeer, s. s 4 2 1 0 4 2 1
Lange. 3 b 5 3 3 0 12 0
W. Hammond, c 4 2 4 0 5 0 0
Hardie, r. t 5 12 0 10 1
L. Hammond, 2 b.... 4 0 0 0 0 5 o
Moskiman, p 5 1 2 0 4 4 0
Dunleavy, l.f. &Ib. 4 0 2 0 91 3
Russell, p l 0 0 0 0 0 0
Shea, Ib.ft 1. f 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 3S 11 16 0 27 14 "5
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 2 0200010 o—s
Base hit? 3 13000000—7
Oakland 0 13 2 0 2 12 ♦— 11
Base hits 0 13 3 13 2 3 •— l6
SUMMARY.
Home runs— Mosklman, W. Hammond. Two
base hits— Mosklman, Egan (2), Beckwith
Doyle. Passed balls— Stanley, 2. Wild pitch—
Beckwith. Base on balls— Oakland, 3. Left on
bases — Sacramento, 3; Oakland, 5. Struck out
By Beckwith. 4; by Mosklman, 4. Umpire-
Levy. Scorer— A. S. McFarlln.
Baseball To-Day.
Oakland and San Francisco will play
a postponed game at Recreation Park
this afternoon, and, in honor of the oc
casion—Dewey day— there will be no post
ponement on account of the weather.
STRONG'S MASTERPIECE
GRACES BOHEMIA'S WALLS
Portrait of dames «M. .Hamilton as a .Highlander.
JOSEPH D. STRONG'S masterpiece, the picture which added the capstone
to his fame as a portrait painter, is to be shown among the art treasures
of the Bohemian Club. It was upon this picture Mr. Strong placed the last
touches of his brush, completing the work just before he was stricken
down. James M. Hamilton, a lifelong friend of the painter, posed for the
picture. The face, slightly idealized, bears all the characteristics of the gallant
Highlander.
There is an atmosphere of the braes about it. The figure shows all the poetry
and strong character of the Scotch race, while there is a glint in eye which
speaks of the subtle Scotch humor so ably exploited here recently by the Rev.
Dr. Watson. Mr. Hamilton was a favorite model for Mr. Strong. He often
said he could, when blindfolded, reproduce the kindly and familiar features of
his friend.
The picture is said by critics to be a companion in portraiture to Charles
Rollo Peters' wonderful landscape, "The Camp by the Cross." Both bear the
stamp of genius and both are the product of the great West, now commanding
such widespread attention in art, literature ana music.
Rain or shine the game will be played, be
ginning at 2:30 o'clock.
The California League has extended an
invitation to the officers and men of the
battle-ship lowa, and 200 or 300 blue
jackets will be present to help out the
regular fans in rooting for their favorites.
Following is tne line-up:
San Franc! Positions. Oakland.
Swindell Cat* W. Hammond
Fitzpa trick Pitcher Moskiman
Sullivan First base Dunleavy
Billings Second base L. Hammond
Pyne Third base Lange
Krug Shortstop Schmeer
Mull°r Left field Russell
Hilderbrandt Center field Donovan
Fitz) itri Right field Hardie
■»
No Game at San Joss.
SAN JOSE, April 30.— There was no hall
game here to-day owing to wet grounds.
[AROUND THE
CORRIDORS j
John E. Rudd of Stockton is at the
Lick.
Dr. L. Ruck of Portland is at the
Grand.
E. E. Riggs. the capitalist of Gridley.
is at the Grand.
C. H. Schiveley, the banker of Oro
ville, is at the Grand.
A. J. Woodward, a banker of Fresno,
is stopping at the Lick.
E. G. Yates and TV. 11. Colby, of Du
buque, are staying at the Palace
Charles W. Mason and J. Sanford Ma
son, of Manila, are at the Occidental.
Dr. C. H. Gardner of the United States
Marine Hospital service is a guest at the
California.
Major C. H. Potter of the Eighteenth
Infantry arrived from Manila yesterday
and is stopping at the Occidental.
Captain C. F. Mudgett and Lieutenants
D. Redman and J. Henderson of the
North Dakota Regiment are at the Cali
fornia.
Lieutenant Hamlet of the United States
revenue cutter service arrived from Ros
ton last night and is a guest at the Cal
ifornia. He will leave this city for
Alaska in the near future.
A party of prominent New Yorkers are
stopping at the Palace: They are Mrs
Mary de T. Carry. Charles Robinson,
Frederick H. Raid win, Louis L. Lorillard
Jr. and Mr. and Mrs. James Speyer.
Frank F. Eastman, captain in the
Eighteenth Infantry; A. L. Conger Jr.,
second lieutenant, and F. C. Preen, U.
S. A., wore among the liberated passen
gers of the Sherman who are registered
at the Occidental.
A. S. Hay, son of the Peace Commis
sioner and ex-Secretary of State; Samuel
Dalzell, son of the Congressman from !
Pennsylvania; I. W. Woodward Jr. of j
Washington, and Eugene Hale Jr. of i
Ellsworth, have returned from their trip
to Manila and are registered at the Pal
ace.
«■ ♦ ■
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK. I
NEW YORK, April 30.— G. W. Shorten
of San Francisco and S. Levi of Stockton
are at the Cadillac; J. W. Thayer of Los
Angeles is at the Stuart.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
France is expending $5,000,000 reboilerlng
and rearming the older Ironclads and
coast defense vessels.
The Russian cruiser building at Elbing,
Germany, has been named Novlk and is
to be completed by September, 1900. The
vessel is only 3000 tons displacement, but
is to steam twenty-five knots, and will
cost $2,152,500, exclusive of armaments.
Three of this type are contemplated to be
used as scouts.
Two cruisers about to be built for the
French navy, intended for courier and
outlook duty, are to be very fast. They |
are 394 feet in length. 44.6 feet beam and
4000 tons displacement The engines, of j
15,000 horsepower, are to give a speed of,
twenty-three knots, and the armament
will consist of eight 3 1-3-inch quick
firers, twelve 6-pounders and four 3
pounders. Their average cost is estimated
at $1,719,000.
There is great complaint at the Keyham
Naval Engineering School over the in
sufficiency of food given to the students.
After the noonday meal they only receive
weak tea. bread and butter, and at 9
o'clock in the evening each student gets
one bun. The engineer officers at the col
lege lay the blame upon the sailor officers,
who have charge of the Institution, and
are in favor of having the school taken
away from the control of the line and
turned over to the engineers and civilians.
■ It has been suggested by the London
Daily Graphic that the ships of the Brit
ish navy should have battle honor flags,
in the same way as the regiments have.
At the break of the poop and on the bar-
bettes or on the ring wheel appear
in large letters the names of the victories
in which ships of the same name have
taken part, but no ship has a flag bearing
such a record. Such a plan would no
doubt meet with approval if adopted in
the United States navy, and it would not
be records of victories gained by name
sakes.
The. London Times expresses some un
easiness regarding the use of water tube
boilers on naval vessels. When in 1895
the Belleville boiler was first introduced
in the Terrible and Powerful the Times
was not enthusiastic in favor of this new
departure, and it now expresses the opin
ion that the boiler accident on the Ter
rible is a blow to the advocates of this
type of boiler and that an Inquiry by the
Admiralty is needed to settle the question
of preference for the old style shell boiler
and the water tube type.
The several Russian battle-ships in
j course of construction all differ somewhat
jin size and general design. The Tsare
i witch, building under contract in France,
i is the largest, being 12,900 tons; Retrisam,
: building at ''ramus', is 12,700 tons, and
Pobieda (Victory), on the stocks at St.
j Petersburg, is 11,362 tons, and is 1300 tons
smaller but of the same general design as
the islabya and Peresviet. The Tsare
! witch will cost over $6,000,000, including
armament. One of the terms of the con
tract with the Cramps firm is that the
draught of the ship, ready for sea and with
1016 tons of coal aboard, is not to exceed
twenty-six feet. The consumption of coal
is also guarded against being too exces
sive and is limited to 1.7 p Hinds per horse
■ power per hour at a speed of ten knots.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.'
■ m ■
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Rureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
* * "
An eminent professor says that tha
age of fish is almost unlimited. As to
the length of the life of fish, it is said that
the ordinary carp, if not interfered with,
would live about 500 years. The ordinary
gold fish has also been known to llva
over 100 years. .
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED,
Santa Fe Route.
Three times a week; 3*4 dm- to Chicago. 4V5
days to New 7.ork. Handsomest train and most
complete service. Full ; irtlculars at 628 -Mar
kit street.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
7 slow's Soothing Syrup. 27* c a bottle.
HOTEL. DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $2 50 per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street, San Francisco.
There is only one town in which the
singing of music hall songs in the street
is prohibited. That is Southampton, and
the prohibition extends only to Sundays.
Policemen there have instructions to stop
everybody singing in the public thorough
fares on the Sabbath. ____________
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Thin, pale and consump-
tive persons should use
some constructive tonic that
will enrich the blood, in-
crease the nerve force and
renew wasted tissues.
Scott's Emulsion is based
upon scientific principles.
We digest the oil for you
by mechanical processes,
thus strengthening your di-
gestive organs by resting
them. It stops wasting,
and produces energy, vigor
and warmth. The hypo-
phosphites in it invigorates
the nerves, and brain tissues.
50c. and $1.00, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Otemirts. New Y«k-
-• y y ■ -..,■ -'--::■'■ - •yfy'-y ■ !■■ --..■__.■_.; ' ':- 'TRANSPORTS
STILL HELD IN
QUARANTINE
-
Cabin Passengers Al- ]
lowed to Land.
l ;
CHINESE INHUMANLY TREATED
CAPTAIN AND COOK OF THE !
" MARY A. TROOP ARRESTED.
Cabin Boy Driven to. His Death by j
the Ship's Officers—
bles of the Ship
Sachem.
The transports Grant and Sherman are
irttll in quarantine. The Sherman was to !
have come over yesterdlay, but Dr.
Brooksj the United States Quarantine Of- ,
fleer, changed his mind and the vessels j
had to remain at Angel Island. Both
transports will he thoroughly fumigated j
by to-day and the Sherman will then dock |
at Folsom-street wharf. With the Grant.
however, it will be different. Her crew
will have to remain In quarantine for a j
fortnight and the vessel therefore cannot
come out of quarantine unless the Govern- j
meat supplies another crew to bring her j
over.
It was the Intention of the quarter- j
master to dock both vessels at Folsom |
street (the Government dock) and in or- |
der to make room the Beelunaw was mov- j
ed to Main-street wharf, where she will
complete her loading. Both the Grant and
Sherman are 41J feet long and on the
south side of Folsom-street wharf only is j
there that amount of space. the north
side of the wharf ends at the easterly side ]
of Kast street, while the southerly side i
continues right across Kast street, a dis
tance of over one hundred ieet. there
will be pU-nty of room on that side there- ,
lure for the Sherman to-day, and the
Grant; when she comes out oi quarantine,
will go to Pac-ilic-street wharf (.the j
Oceanic dock).
I'nited States Quarantine Officer Brooks
spent the entire day on the transports. |
When he boarded the Sherman in the ;
morning Brigadier General Otis made a I
plea t<> be allowed to land. He explained j
that urgent business required his pres
ence in Bos Angeles, so Dr. Brooks gave
him permission to come ashore and placed
the quarantine steamer Sternberg at his
disposal. The other cabin passengers on
the Sherman came ashore a l 7 p. m. on i
the quartermaster's steamer ' ' I '..well. !
They were landed at Clay-street wharf |
and as soon as their baggage was checked |
they dispersed.
The loading and discharging of the :
Steamer Australia was carried on -imul
taneously yesterday. The vessel waa j
nearly two days late getting here from
Honolulu <m account of having to wait for
troops; and in order to get her away on
schedule time the stevedores have to
work overtime. An enormous quantity of
machinery for the sugar plantations is '
being shipped by the Australia.
Captain Lewis Baker and Steward Her
bert Edgar Passingham of the British
chip Mary A. Trooj» are on trial in Kng- I
land for maltreating and driving to his :
death a Chinese boy named Ah Ching. All j
tho vessels of the "Troop" fleet are known
as "hard ships" and the Howard D. ;
Troop; now on the Columbia River, is i
having considerable trouble in securing a
crew. The Mary A. Troop arrived at
Puget Sound the* latter part of last year j
ar.d she was not an hour in port before
the crew deserted. When she was ready I
to -.u'l another crew was procured after;
considerable trouble and among them was
Ah Ching. who shipped as cabin boy.
The unfortunate Mongol was the butt of
the captain and steward from the time the
ship passed out through the Straits of j
San Juan de Fuca. He -was beaten un- :
til his body was a mass of running sores,
he was compelled to eat rope yarn and
potato peelings and to lap up dirty water
from the deck. The crowning indignity,
from Ah Ching's point of view, was the
<-utting off e>f his pigtail. He then disap
peared overboard and is supposed to have
committed suicide.
\Vhen the Mary A. Troop arrived at
Buenos Ayres the crew went ashore and
made a statement to the British Consul.
He at once caused the arrest of Captain
Baker and Steward Pa - ! ;-ham and sent
them to England for trial. With thorn
went several of the sailors who are wit
nesses In the case.
Captain "Walley was placed in command
of the Mary A. Troop after Captain Ba
ker's arrest and he started from Buenos
Ayres fnr Hamburg in her. Had luck
seemed tn follow the ship after the death
of Ah <7hing and on March 26 the Troop
put into St. Thomas in distress. The cap
tain was sick, the enronometer broken
and the provisions had nearly all given
out.
Tho America Maru. which arrived from
thr* Orient last Saturday, brought the
news of the hard luck of the American
ship Sach*m. The vessel sailed from New
V'*rk for Shanghai with a cargo of kero
sene. When about half the voyage had
been covered Captain Schulz died from
Bright's diseast' of the kidneys and was
buried at sea. The mate then took charge
of the Sachem. In rhe Formosa channel
she ran into a terrific thunder storm. A
flash of lightning struck the ship and
the mate was knocked insensible. For
throe hours he lay as though dead and It
was only by the unremitting exertions
of the crew that his life was saved.
The ferry steamer Berkeley was again
In trouble yesterday. Something went
wrong in the engine room on the » a. m.
trip and she was laid oft for two hours.
The Piedmont took up her rum ing until
the necessary repairs were made, after
which the Berkeley went back on the
route.
CRUISE MARRED BY RAIN.
Yesterday's Storm Kept Many Yachts
at Their Moorings.
A second time the fates decreed against
a comblnc-d cruise of the yacht clubs. On j
Piimlay, April 23, the California and Cor- j
inthian fleets were to have met at Pre
sidio Shoal buoy and sailed in company;
alonp the city front. Despite half a gale!
from the southwest, the California^ were
at the rendezvous, but the Corinthians ,
did nut leave buron Cove.
On Saturday night more than thirty j
yachts of the San Francisco, Corinthian,
California and Encinal fleets lay at an- ;
chor in front of the San Francisco club- !
house, and everything pointed to a sue- j
cessful cruise on the morrow. But shortly |
alter 10 o'clock yesterday morning a
heavy rain set In. and though Commodore
T. 1.. Hill's flagship got under weigh
about 11 o'clock, and was followed by aev
eial yachts, all were soon lost to view
ln the obscuring rain. After sailing over
In the direction of the city front i he flag
ship Cygnus seiuared away for Raccoon
Btraits atul Mare Island. James Kitter
man's launch America started for Vallejo
about 11:20, but more than a |ozen yachts
remained at their moorings ail day.
Nearly all the yachts of the San Fran
cisco Club arc in commission now, except
G. T. K. White's Wiil o' the. Wisp, which
was found to be leaking considerably and
had to be beached, and W. S. i ; | . (low's
schooner La Paloma; which is still In
winter e.uartcrs in Sessions Basin, East
Oakland.
Typographical Union Nominations.
San Frar.cisco Typographical Union No.
21. at its regular meeting yesterday,
nominated the following ollicers: Presi
dent. C. H. Parker, L. P. Ward. A. B.
Sanborn, 11. Gibb, W. C. . :kc rman, E. X
Sargison; l.rst vice president, '1 . lii
Arnold; second vice president, I! !•_
Sleeper; secretary-treasurer, H. Ib
White. J. E. Alnsley; recorder. Will j'
French; sergeant at arms, George L.
Tavlor. Alexander Smith, D. Connell
delegates to the International Typo
graphical Unlr.n Convention- F. Gnekow.
J. T. Houston, George Bayless. J. M
Scott, C. E. Hawkes. J. K. Phillips. W.
Cowperthwalte, H. Gibb, J. E. Alnsley;
delegates to Labor Council— M. Monahon
J. K. Phillips, C. H. Parker. C. J. Wil
liams, T. H. Arnold, E. K. Barglson; dele
gates to Allied Printing Trades Council—
M. Monahon, J. E. Alnsley. H. L. White.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPOJMUM^^^J ?J^^^?s?ss^~~~
'^* + IrV** + + + ** + + * + + * + + *Wlr + *V* + V****+^
-«(
*• Every Promise Fulfilled. We have these goods at these prices. . . *
X Largest Assortments Summer Merchandise guaranteed qualities— prices— a modern store -innumerable attractions. «p
I 35. Men's Suits $10 So, Special Sale Man- 1 Special Sale Man- The "Premiere *-***» Sporting Goods |
I "o^,y is ... „_,c,,. . ,_ m. £&* »a. ufadurers' Sam- "^"^f.,^ 1 "- ■ fl£!?ffij[f ' The most complete stock in the cl, of <« /*« *
J offer nothing for sale that we cannot absolutely guarantee— BjßbS Of SHgII GOOt/S P BGS ow BUCKieS VV c r_W© tJGST $1.25 UIOO& necessary adjunct* Or outdoor sport— cameras and <«
I that we are not willing to buy back from you at the same -z p r a ir c T h \ sm , \ offer at great reduction from tlldt have ever Seen— supplies hammocks, fishin? tackle, etc. Note these *
l pr 7JZLZfff'" l,sa, ' s ' ac '° r '' 7 A ?*?_*! C ?*' regular prices several hun- two patent clasps, prettdv prtL-.' '* g I
I and fast color Blue Serge r-^^-^ CotlWS, Neck LOttlCS aila fred Sash d'tld fleck buckles, embroidered backs, newest We have the 1899 products of such famous Baseball-makers *
► Sl , t L re "ci C rk "M 5 Back Combs in every pobu- oniv one ot a kind; the latest shades of red, blue, green, ll^i^^Sa^^^c^fc?^ |
* Ji er m ?jj th8 ~ B e nfa«» j^/ lar style, marked at prices fads, being this season's brown, tan and mode, black and Home Piates. J
J -faun piping' made' by .X^pN that Wlil clear urn Q uick^ I sample line of a leading and white— free of weig^t ss-3c'to.si.oo5 s-3c'to.$i.oo 1 *
fr one of the best makers in A \ Dotl' t 11USS this Sale. I manufacturer. Charge first time. Masks for catchers,2sc t053.50 *
J Amenca-in all regular j \ [ \\ _ L_ — _ : 2_^ ' Mitts for catchers, 25c to $7.50 — "^ -^M *
* vSueTtoarpriTO" good I I J? \ No transaction is complete with us until the customer is satisfied. Infielders' Gloves.. 2sc t0 53.50 J
fr ..... $10.00 K/fvW V^\ ___________._____■ -JM,-. _-»» nm. ,_, Lawn Croquet Sets— new designs and patterns, packed in <£•
fr soiutely fast color— line 1 VrirMv \^ = 7^ J^' f-ZweyDay- | gP^ __?& _T% ___T__l IwtM $1 — Tuesday. =^^^ ==^<^^^^^ th i n^u T f j j sets, for *
fr with sertre— satin pipings b; _^^v \ /'/ J^> ut^wsy uay mC ««a»«Ji -^^^ v " """' " y- ~x^*> S-! all hardwood sets, for J
r W i til BCILC nrtiiu i' 1 1' 1 11^,-5 -^t.VTV' X:_.\r / /_ - - /s*r< VtKl DlP*'* .^^ ___■ _____ff^_t___. __r* ____m____ V Kw*" ■m m m _• _^- > ■ "^ — -~- — — — ■ ■ - i • /»»-_ .-%-«"-/^ n»
J -perfect in fit an. finish- «T InWIyX 1- honor of the pB fioltfl^ll f^filSe ttAZA^ll*. «i| Wednesday &^ ordinary use- $1, $ $L5O «
*lS^fg?ip ftWHI —'-**-■ California- s Largest-America's Grandest Stoer. — »—*v J^^^^^^ff^^ J
J p r ?iif_l.r_nirr ry 9 S Mg^TfSlE %.*""""""" WaSh FahriCS. '*. California's Choicest Y.nk.a Quoits for lawn, which can be' played by (t0 .6 1*
» extra stouts or longs.. ~-^T -SB-t Summer WW*a2>*B rcMWrK%M9m Summer DrCSS GOOitS ESuCta I 'SS *
* $10.00 i^-1 V !///]A The greatest variety of styles and patterns brought to the &ZSBMBS§g&3 SL9H&&9 VHIM MJWS9 /»-»»,- °% #- ;"" " «*___- *
J "St coast this year (more than 1000). We've surely got exactly Assortments, style and low prices that indisputobly estab- camera Supplies at Emporium Prices. *
J BOYS V **c */ik/,o«/ wa/if of Me price you want to pay. fishes The Emporium's Dress Fabric pre-eminence. The col- w# ™ « lox pap^ r w ° k l d ? „ If , not ' ca . ,°S U3 a ° d J
ls_ _"f«rffc? M « /*£____> ' p- , . „. ■_. . , .1. ' , "  -si- s- we will snow you how easily it is handled. Special Portrait, X
* IriOtiMftMff. L rri H rf^^ c American Ginghams-new raised thread \ lection well repays a visit of inspection. special Rough, Carbon, Rough and Glossy. i
» Boys' new white duck & <£\ nJ^kViV. 17"'^^ *j *-m 44-inch Cowe/«te-durable, stylish, new grays, ** 3.^x3^— per dozen, 15c— gross _..$1.25 v
* Man-o'-War Long Trousers, Da.nty Batistes-32 inches wide-pertect col- | flf*** navy and army hiUa f....... 60C 4x4-per dozen, 25c -per gross $2.00 «
I two grades - $1.25 and 5/-50 wSe^im^r^u;;-^ m «_"'i^h_U f ***** 46-inch Cafe Core/ Novelties— tans, greens, 6Q 4x5-per dozen, 25c— per gross $2.00 «
T We are selling the best all-wool 600 Knee Pants fa our his- Whie Dl mity-hair-l,ne str,pe-30 inches f y d blues and pearl grays '* GOC 4x6-per dozen, 25c -per gross $2.00 *
% tor, sizes 3to 16 vers rDSP^^bto^l^rr™ I * - ; ***** Ottomans-^ shades pearl gray, „ 5x7- jo«n. 4 c-per gross 53.50 *
I c Kt^^!i!SSS IS S:S? J^ses^s^^^??^^ 7 • ta 4^r i o«om a w s - aJ! vive Sp^^^j^jsisr^^ $ E^ *
» Boys' Spring Weight Reefers, blues, browns and tans. stylish . white, green and white, green aDd black, tan and g^ S o?^?^^ftS.^r^J J
* an Bo^ltwooT2-Se7eSuit7atV.r Home-spun Linen Suiting-plain or fancy [J^^C ° 46-inch Tailor Suitings-ior outing suits- „- Eureka "M. Q "Develop for Velox Paper and the very best «
Boy, all *00. piece . 8 ;•••••-•- > »_«-<_. m i X9 d effects— ,av^ tan. green; royal blue and gray. 85C ■ for plates and films- 4 ozs 10c-8 ozs 20c «
» Twdl Galateas Garnet, French Blue ejects, cc. y d 46-inch Pebble Cloth-5 tones of gray mg* n 4-ounce Measuring asses 15c J
* „ # „ -^_ Percales— best grade— large assortment— I . and tan— swMl b..... $I.OQ 8-ounce Measuring Glares 20c *
I K7™ C FSidQ SMOGS* T , inch 46-inch Ohevron'Suiting^tviperef. ,*- *,« 4-ounce Ground Glass Graduates 25c *
J Values in ***** ******<***** Real Scotch Ginghams-new effects for waists ec ts— grays and blue-grays . . $B„QO 8-ounce Ground Graduates 35c J
Ladies' Chocolate Color Vici Kid Lace Bl- JSI -, _. and f 8 " il8 ""n"V;. ;-. ■;■•••••••••;•••• \_^ _ \ 46-inch Coating Serge stylish fnn 16-ounce Ground Glass Graduates 65c «
* CVCIe Shoes, new coin toes kid tii*< shoe \\ 0 7 finest. Irish Dimities- colorings fast, designs I Cj^ft effects in blue-grays, greens, browns and tans.... &M.UU Printing Frames— *
?is 9 inche, high, used for cycling, horseback \\* '7 T ..u? rren D t b" T^ L" ,' I™**** 46-inch Novelty Suitings luster— brown and B^x3* light 20c 5x7, heavy 50c J
1 ridine mountain climbing, etc., all sizes and \W // White Pique-medium cord-French make- , blue, green and black, green and red, black and -.« - n 4.. 4 x4- 4 . light 20c sxB, heavy 50c J
* widths $3.00 J. '/ Rpecial I Ydrd - gold, slate and green &S.OU 4xo, light 20c 6&_B'« heavy. 65c I
Z Ladies'" Chocolate "Color Paris ll White Dot Swiss— dot— perfect weave I 52-inch Mohair Twill - brown, navy, — n Bxlo, heavy 75c *>
» Kid Lace Shoes latest panel W\'\ English Galateas— the ideal outing fabric / heliotrope and green Seeds Plates 23, 23 and 27 gilt edge. *
». _^-<J pattern, with fancy silk vest- (*yl White Organdies— good sheer make— 6B inches . 52-inch Venetians— one of the most stylish fabrics of 2ux2^... 30c dozen 4^x4'.^... 60c dozen sxB 1.25 dozen *
* !• ing cloth and new coin toes /*/ _/\ wide | __?e_ ear the season green, garnet, royal blue, navy and *-^l 3i.,x3'»... 40c dozen 4x5 65c dozen 6 1^x8>_:. 51.65 dozen *
* \vV\n kid tips sewed flexible ft/, /ff) F.nest Scotch Madras— for waists, etc.— 32 I tt ffb brown &M.OU 3^x4^ ..45c dozen 5x7 $1.10 dozen Bxlo.. .$2.40 dozen *
%. U^Mi soles, a shoe for fit £_^-LS3 inches wide \mj hlf mljw 44-inch _B/acfr Mohair Crepons— £_- -v— Eureka Toning Solution for Nastman's Solio Paper or any J
* '• 75 ! _t»!-. and style that can't y^/^^^ French Piques— rich colorings— good cloth j Yard high luster— B beauti'u! patterns ifi. . m S3 Gelatine Paper — 4 oz, 15c— 8 oa 25c
* /frail's) 'c beat, all sizes and f/J -/ Real Oxford Cheviots— the perfect shirting I l> -inch Black Mohair Crepons— #*** Ahoy: is neatly cartooned and Ju I instruction* with each «
* \^n/K^L *"id r h3 $2.48 C=«^- , *^ New Organdies— highest art colorings 7 high luster, best finish, five patterns &<K.*MU bottle. We also carry Eastman's and Omega toning solutions. *
* Wlfe'^m Children s Chocolate C.lor Vici Kid ;V: ~ ~  44 inch Silk and Wool Brocada 4t_T*nn *
* t^hl_j__3*v Lace Shoes, new Savoy toes, kid tip', The Latest Emerald a new and handsome dress fabric &^!.UIJ This _?£**_. iff "ii ■ «tfft ___,
% \>^ sewed xi,le soles, spring heels, a o%Z*e*ff*Bll $%SZS*Z<!ZM&S2B*tP- 44y C Black Mohair Crepons \*ster- Week E&Q ILmangS l2Gm %
t X^JL— J good, strong and serviceable shoe for %St*^€HS*i %H Bii&<&Wff SMS Vjfa one of the finest fabrics imported this year— 6 tfo m , •* J
i. romrh and reid v w*it— « '',"*_,' _. _. / , patterns m^-S.-CO Tuesday, and while quantity lasts, we offer 30 pieces striped J
| -^_— -x g t?-« a Rjtftll S/.23 z^ s^ Berry or Ice re m , Sets-large , "Percasilk," a splendid skirt lining fabric, 36 inches wide, sold I
! t?H\\ , ,WtZ3jll b^^^ Se^eiLSt^aS - T*o P , W er.,y__ 0 regularly at 16^c yard, for , 12 *
J I jag JS- een p,a3S_the set of 7 P^ e c Shirt Waist Silks. Hosiery™* Underwear*
* l^^l\. B hai)elv°aBts e a?d 8 in a the ol !atestd^- S^^^^J^^y Emerald Green Glass, square No better assortments, no choicer or more correct styles Ladies' Imported Lisle Thread Hose, jr. *
i tr^i'"^^>-^ signs of uppers by leaders of Vie S^lt-K (CS^^Qa can be found elsewhere, and prices are very low, qualities • H ? rm_dorf blacc, loot with fancy Roman 4ta# *» 1
J >~^\ /^. in men's fine shoes, all sizes and . and Salts, each W^^^!^ considered. Here are four very swell effects: stripe and Tartan phid uppers, fancy drop iMkM^ 1
fr = _ l _Lljj___=^'- widths S3 'if \A"r""" ! 'ri J^Jp^mMfa!sP 21-inch heavy white corded Taffeta Silk, in grounds of light stitched or piain, worth up to $1.50 per " ix y^^t^ «
fr x \ Ni-2SZ~\ c E mera Id tureen blass Xvs^__£__i^g^ blue, heiotrope, pink, turquoise, cerise or bluet — this season's pair, now 50c and 75c 3§^v. «
* — fc^^CPu Salad or Fruit Bowl, on l^ 3 * 2^^ latest novelty for Shirt Waists— instead of making them $1.25 A choice collection of high-class novel- %£s& *
» _ _ Kl"£'l foot - llk9lllustratlon -- per yard, we say $1.15 ties in Ladies' Imported Silk and Lisle g*§ «
* WBEtßtPim W§7_P_Pl« f>^»'^b/i // •'•■;: iV'V, '""•'••", T , 22-inch Fancy Jacquard Figured Stripe Silk Lace effects, M xed and Pleated Silk Hose, comprising .t__f_S_. *
» &V,BgJ?BBVaag wwx*%*mm Wi tt 11 Emerald Glass >|-gallon Pitcher-tankard WJ . rich and dressy, made especially for summer Shirt Waists, rich Scotch and Tartan plaid, in plain or K® *
& Sn nsMJ. F*b\'-&41 Fhape ' Wlth raised grape «°d leaf decora- a complete line of new colorings— instead of $1.50 per yard, boot effect, originally sold at $2.25 and $2 tMfegK *
» lit OUr feiy tion-only •;•-::•••••• .38c marked .* $35 . pair, now *. .^ 5/-50 .^g) J
* f2_r_\_Tt>t* BrßtC*BTi**ll+4Btttaa.irQif 1&! ? J Pomade or Vaseline Box— green 24-inch Foulards, a complete line of new colorings and de- Ladies' lm:-or:ed Real Maco Cotton Hoe «^*^ EF^ 2
fr J»€#€^ftt «_F«?/#*»# mBMBdMBUm &<VM glass with gold-beaded edge on cover— only B^,, r jch satin finish and good wearmg cloth, per yard.^/.00 H-rm dorf black, high-spliced heel, double f" ys^& $
* _^-^a»te. Publishers' Our i___^S_? ISO 23-inch Black Taffeta Silk— soft, rich, lustrous fabric, made sole and French to Richelieu, Rembrandt _^^^ <<
J /&'^^\ r, 1 r , 'rt ci rl -»r_ __-- ~~f /»»» m* especially for Snirt Waists and Summer Dresses, per yard..7s<? and Cordjroy ribbed or plain, pair... 25c *
J & A F'"t Jungle Book.. $i.no $.20 SS^S^SS^tS and rZii*mt%Si*G Children's fine quality lxl ribbed guaranteed stainless black *
* W *mi& Second Jungle Book 1.60 .20 Viflir |f C7IO «fffl* • IBM UM***** «» Great Values in real Lisle ihre id Stockings, double heel and sole, with full- *
* raP^T-_-~l Days Work ,"-' on Display and selling more than ever before. Half the second __- _ _t ____*_■ . hT^jg. fashioned Fen"h toe, sizes 6to 9^, pair. 250 *
* Tt"\_JrV Captains Courageous 1.00 .20 o or given over to these departments. A fortunate buying BsM€&n§€GtSm SiiGGtSm SLSGrn La lie ' Egyptian Cotton Vests, low neck an !no sleeves, fancy J
a MR T°fe's Han,iic an" 125 I*oo chance has placed in our hands 100 rolls of Wilton Velvet and u^eu : %- o, . I - A ' lfi , * trimmed around neck and armhole, colors white and ecru all «
* JSr^W'j^. X Handicap i.-> .uu -„,,.,  D , _ „.«_,„_,„. „._,«//_,„**,•-. Doube Bed Bleached Sheeting. 81 inches wide 16c yard s zes. each .- /So «
i ,^H^^^^^ nder th^ , Deod^,-; b^ 'nX 50 rolls of Lowell Body BrusnhCarpe* which we offer h,s Pequot Sheet,, well made. 81x90 inches SOc each Ladies' Imported Lisle Thread Vests, with deep hand erf *
1 nMWJm^^y^ m7izY Room Ballads.... 12* , 00 week at lowest prices ever quoted in this c>ty for equally as Heavy Bid Spreads, crochet, 74x56 inches $1.00 each dieted front, colors pink and sky blue, each .. ..600 «
W '"'^\fm!?Wtf/ 6 volume pct ' bounrl ,n re " Sllk " good grades and patterns. All carpet quotations include lining p.ilow Cases, well ide, heavy cloth, 45x36 inches.. ..lOc each Ladies' Sea Island Cotton Jersey Ribbed Union Suits low 2
* W/w/rK r ' bbed cloth '. . I,t t0 P 3 ' rmt "' d from new and laying. Fine Woolen White Blankets, 66x80 inches, 5 lbs 53.95 neck and no sieves, knee length?, cream cilor, each 250 *
* n plates, containing : „ :00 rolls of Wilton Velvet Carpets, borders to match at the 11-4 good Gray Blankets, cotton warp, 72 inches wide lie ae.encv for the celebrated '"Stuttgar ter" Sanitary *
* Mine Own People, i. n Sod era Three, ii "''» '"'■» price of tapestry, including laving and lining, per yard... $2.50 pair Woolen Underwear for Men, Women and Cnildren. Thespring *
* * Tne Phantom Rickshaw, Barrack Koomß all ads, , 50 rolls of Lowell Body Brussels,, borders to match carpet on 11-4 Eastern White Blankets, 66x78 inches $1.50 pair weights in all sizes and styles are here. ' *
* P?lhShrices6-our price Tales From the $4 25 fl °° r ', L" $U °° White Filled Comforters, large size, hand tufted.. ..sl.oo each m wiU forward free of charge a special illustrated "Stutt- $
9 Publishers price $6- our price...... ■■'."-.•■ f.. 1000 yards of r.mnants of borders, including best grade of I rarter" Catalogue on application. Z>
I t™J *' W? « ,lk Cl ■« " SiS , gilt containing : Body Brasses. Velvets and Axmmsters, ranging in lengths from Summer HOUSB FufUlShinaSS — ■ — J
J "BarracK Room Ballads,' Light That faded » 3to 25 yards, table for halls and stars, from JOO to 50c Ollfl,fl,ef^ BBOUSC T UmiSUingS. Correct Styles in 5
J "Soid.ers Three The Phantom Rickshaw," rf - The new designs in Chafing Dishes Correct Stylos in y. . J
* i, i-i, • • «o 3 c, OS Worth from St to St.so per yard. 1 just received-thev are made of cop- _M(Bffß ' <% H&tS. I^l \ L _?
> Publishers' pnce,sd-our price 51.98 H igh Grade ilnaif Warp Japanese Matting, y-^l^^ extra heavy nickel plated, and ™"7, » ™« «** >==^ify^P Z
J _ double dyed, reversible damask patterns, p;r square yarl ch^ap G&JdS V fitted with patent ventilated asbestos Latest styles m both Fedora and J
S at 307 our price 20c 'rfe^^^. alcohol lamp, permitting the flame to be Derby Hats— louman and 1 /S" -*( ft *? , X
3, These Are §£**(& _fa_filGS_, 150 .rolls* of Fine Heavy Japanese f Matting, V/ >fN adjusted to any height— prices range Stetson shapes-all of the newest V^ ft -■> If
£ Unusual B-MMVZ?IIB VafUCOfl weighing 85 lbs to a roll, helvy qnalitv and good selection ([hf^CW from 53-35 upward. spring colorings-productions of the N^ ] /y\^ £/- / +
* Irish Linen Huckaback, 19 inches wide i2>..c yard patterns, will be sold only by the rob of 40 yards $5.50 \ tKV^^Jf Peerless Ice Cream Freezers, guar- best American hat manufacturers- ///X\K _£
£ Checked Glass Linen. 20 inches wide 10c yard 150 different -patterns Linoleum now being shown- in our Cir- i <^JFS==^\ anteed to make ice cream in 3'^ mm- the same quality that is sold by ///A |^% J
S Pearl Bleached German Table Damask, 60 inches wide.4sc yard pet Department. A good serviceable Linoleum as low as 300 j °^~ v^"~ utes— cleanly and easily manipulated. exclusive hatters at *d.UU— here. . x^y.^ "> i
£ Excellent Cream Table Damask. 62 inches wide 50c yard per yard. 1-quart size 51.45 _^-^v 9*.to J
.*. Good Turkey Red Damask, 58 inches wile 25c yard t^ . Wild's Ce'ebrated In- 2-quart size 51. t00 j^^T^^X^ ZL i_^ 7~a ''" *
» Irish Linen'Huck Towels, hemmed, 19x37 inches, special &f r:= & ! s*~^_\ /t^N laid LinoUums - Melvin 3-quart size .$l.«0 KZ^^^ffl Three-Day Specials «<
* ~^[^il^^^^^^^^i^^ \&&*&&l Wlf L'rStioforpat: TwtCeJGasStoveVfufl nickel fe^y|' £xB*®CGH&S Li€§BßOß*Sm J
J Sanitary Cotton Diaper, best make 18 inches wide.. ..60c p.e.e 11} fyfflk t>rn», sold always at plated, complete with 6 feet of Sl^rf^y] CO These big reductions in price on standard guaranteed first- J
fr :;.->-•- .-■ ~^f ({%J'Jy_\ $1-75, our price $/.32. ta^;""Vll**WaVh"p»^rVfU class Groceries are for Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday only. *
_* ' n — fe>r^ Hardwood antique fin- 1 White Tar Moth Paper, a lew I, p- — -r * / ». / / *
* «#l#^#€_T#B J^_fa_f»_f_TM_f_?»^^ iHh> 3-oiece Bedroom Set; sheets distributed in trunks .or fEZ^j y ?-' '^ S.rS-wc^- g"^"^) ffongjong *
* atyiiSn MUCK WldMr. IL-ZZbEzz: Sfts-S 1&; picture, hand,ome]j' ! closets will insure the safety of the t>>l__-^- Fine Granulated Sugar for $UOO *
fr .-.- _ , - L-_ TT' — 1 • ==^ l M % := =??^ S " ilf w,hV™S i contents— box of 12 sheets- jG " The best Creamery Butter, the usual size- 30c 4.
+ Veiling, Scarfs, etc. ~-^-^-- fe_^gd midebl^one of the bS Aluminum Pudding Pans, in great favor with housekeepers, The best Creamery Butter, full 2-lb squares 40C«
* Twice-around long scarfs, made of a fine f^V^ ) ff^*"^H&^'^ !8w I factories in Gr an v Rin as they never burn or scorch the food, are easily cleaned anl Hesperian Standard Haywards Tomatoes, per can 7c 2
* quality Mousseline, handsomely apolique 1 «H. 'V '*£— *^_ fp-, "^.il i . bureau ha; a French i kept bright, each 35c to 65c Fresh Soda Crackers, % boxes, each 380 J
* with cream honiton braid $1.75 * S'&fJ U =^= MJ bevel ass specif : The "Quick Meal" Wickless Bue Flame Oil Stove is abso- Rolled Wr.eat, in bulk, as good as the package mush, regularly J
V Ostrich Feather Boas— 36 inches long, L if ."'I 1 —! wee only at *5f3.75 ! '"tely safe, and the on y perfect wickless stove on the mar- 3c lb, 12 Ibs for 250 *
a rich 2lossv black, lustrous feathers /&F j£ 1— — — -il c J " v ! ket— money tack if they do not rive entire satisfaction. Fancy Japan Rice, regularly 6c lb, 10 lbs for 48c *
J ......! 58-50 f^gd.- The Couch like il- _X^>s^ 2-burner SB.OO 3-burner $10.50 Fancy Japan Rice, regularly 6c lb, 100 lbs for $4.65
» A choice line of Novelty 18-inch Tuxedo lustration upholstered F^S^^S^T^^^^ \ North Star Refrigerators are considered the best made— C. & B Lucca Oil, quart bottles, regularly 60c, for... 55c «
* Veiling in some very becoming mash js in W//!|r%b\\7 with a coo i tapeatrv f^S^^>-^^^—^^FfJl I they are lined with galvanised steel, the filling granulated cork Claret has advanced 5c per gallon, but we will sell for *
* Black "('-earn, Bluet and ail the new col- (//\\\\'\\ special at $3 75 L-' r "c y *%&*&Fs\ \ '< ! which will not absorb moisture— has solid bronze trimmings three days this week a "ood table claret at 250 *
* orines— yard 50c / 1 'IVVW/ Ou- sele^nn Im^ '' ■' SP' and automatic self -tightening lock which draws the door air- Cedar Run Bourbon, good value at $2.50 gallon, for J
* Black Brilliant Liberty Silk Collarettes A/ iX^/J Couches unsurpassed S^'^_SifliWl»?^ tight-economical of ice and cleanly The No. 20 medium three days ... ...$2.00 J
a with handsome, flowing ends of accordion VAjJUfn/^^ in California Prices * ' ' size. 47 inches high, 33 inches wide, will accommo late 100 lbs Wilson Fine Rye Whiskey, one of the best articles 4.
fr pleated silk— $1.25 \*a£^ range from...!. $3.75 to $75 'of ice and costs only $19.20 in the market, quart bottles, regularly $1.25, at $1.00 *
p. " .............. ... .. .. f*>
LUXOR WINS
THE STAKE AT
UNION PARK
Young America Goes
Down in Final.
The crowd which gathered at Union
Coursing Park yesterday to witness the
running down of the Class stake was
large The hares, however, were not so
tough as they had been on Saturday, and
the dogs all showed up in good form.
Luxor was victorious in the final run with
Young America. The course was short
and the decision was disputed by some,
but most were of the opinion that It was
correct. Connemara had been put out in
the fifth round by Luxor, after having
successively defeated Mercy May. Wait a
Little, Jessie Moore and Rollicking Airs.
The dog worked hard in its last two auc
■ --.■.*_
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 1, 1899.
cessful courses, and Luxor, having had
comparatively easy chases, was in much
better condition.
The first course of the afternoon, with
Lawrence and Theron in the slips, was of
particular interest, as botn the dogs have
been the winners of the last two stakes.
Theron sold a 5 to 2 favorite, but the
fraternity fell hard when Lawrence got
the flag. There were a number of short
ends during the afternoon, but no very
heavy odds were risked in any of them.
In the second round, Lawrence and
False Flatterer went to slips twice before
a decision was given. The last of the two
courses was Long and exciting. The match
between Victor Queen and Emm Pasha
was short.
Much dissatisfaction was expressed at
the decision in the course between Mercy
May and Interesting. The reason for
such dissension was the fact that Inter
etlng having become unsighted when
he left the slips had just recovered him
self when the kill was made and the de
cision given to Mercy May. The course
was so short that many of the spectators
believed the dogs had not even met and
expected no decision. However, one was
given and there was general disap
proval.
The reserve stake will be finished to-day.
The trains will leave on yesterday's
schedule time. The following are the re
sults In the class stake: - ; -':■_■"■
First round— H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence
beat George Whitney's Theron; F. Moran's
False Flatterer beat A. Massey's Hadlwlst: F.
J. Harrington's Mercy May beat Curtis & Son's
Blackette: Dennis & Porter's Interesting beat
Handy & Smith's Magic; J. Connell's Log Boy
beat F. Moran's Snapshot; Curtis & Son's Lux
or beat Lowe & Thompson's Lowlander; D. J.
Healey'a Rusty Gold beat H. Lynch's Lottie
M; O. Sharman's Walt-a-Llttle beat J. Dean's
Gladiator; Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal beat
Handy & Smith's Victor; Rincon Kennel's
Swedish beat Handy & Smith's Ida; J. O'Shea's
Young America beat J. J. Edmonds' Morning
Glory; H. A. Deckelman's Rocket beat J. Per
ry's Commodore Nash; Handy & Smith's Syl
vanus beat J. H. Perigo's Controller: J. Dean's
Moondyne ii beat a. L. Austin's Trinket; E.
R. Scott's Lord Byron beat Hurley & Reiliy's
O k Capitol; Yosemite Kennel's Beauty Spot
beat P. J. Rlelly's Warship: Handy & Smith's
Jennie Wilson beat Pasha Kennel's Sylvia; P.
J. Rlelly's Ploughboy beat 17. M. Kellogg's Kid
McCoy; Handy & Smith's Victor Queen beat
Lowe & Thompson's Patrla; J. Dean's Conne
mara beat Pasha Kennel's Rollicking Airs;
Pasha Kennel's Emm Pasha beat F. Moran's
Golden Russet; W. Creamer's Jesse Moore beat
M. H. Kavanagh's Hard Lines.
Second round— Lawrence beat False Flatterer;
Mercy May beat Interesting; Luxor beat Log
Boy: Wait-a-Llttle beat Rusty Gold; Prince
Hal boat Swedish; Young America beat Rocket;
Sylvanus beat Moondyne II; Beauty Spot beat
Lord Byron; Jennie Wilson beat Ploughboy;
Emm Pasha beat Victor Queen: Connemara
beat Jesse Moore.
Third round— Mercy May beat Lawrence; Lux
or beat Walt-a- Little; Young: America beat
Prince Hal: Sylvanus beat Beauty Spot; Emm
Pasha beat Jennie Wilson; Connemara ran a
bye.
Fourth round— beat Mercy May; Young
America beat Sylvanus; Connemara beat Emm
Pasha. 7r;^ ;-
Fifth round— beat Connemara; Young
America ran a bye.
Final— beat Young America.
COURSING AT STOCKTON.
STOCKTON, April 30.— Results at Good
water Grove to-day. Rain Interfered and
lt was late before the finals were run:
32-dog stake— Dividend beat Vic
tor Chief, Admiral Dewey beat Benda
long, Miss Skyball beat Domino, Arno
beat Persimmon, Pocahontas beat Blue
Boy. Robin Adair beat Forget Me Not,
California beat Peter M. Prince of Fash
ion beat Gilt Edge, Magnesia beat Maiden,
Nonpareil beat Bay State, Jack of Spades
beat Johnny Riley, Magnet beat Beauty,
Alma beat Montana. Red Cloud beat Hat
tie, Tip beat Riot Act, Little Hope beat
vPrst a ues— Dewey beat Miss Dividend.
pi rst ties— Dewey beat Miss Dividend.
Arno beat Miss Skyball. Robin Adair beat
Pocahontas Prince of fashion beat Cal
ifornia, Magensia beat Nonpareil, Mag
net beat Jack of Spades. Red Cloud beat
Alma. Little Hope beat Tip.
Second ties— Arno neat Dewey. Prince
of Fashion beat Robin Adair Magnesia
beat Red Cloud, Magnet beat Little Hope.
Third ties— Magnesia beat Arno, Prince
of Fashion beat Magnet
Fnal— Magnesia beat Prince of Fashion.
Magnesia flrst money, Prince of Fash
ion second money. Magnet third money,
Arno fourth money.
AMONG THE CRICKETERS.
British Sailors Tied Pacifies in the
First Match of the Season.
The first local cricket match of the
season was played on Saturday. April 22,
on the baseball ground in Golden Gate
Park between an eleven captained by C.
P. Coles of the Pacific club and a team of
apprentices from the British ship Crown
of India, King George, Coptic and Strath
don. The sailors were captained by the
Rev. H. W. L. O'Rorke, chaplain of the
Seamen's Institute of this city, . who
scored 19 runs for his side. The only other
batsman who scored double figures for
the sailors was Mr. Legg of the Coptic.
The innings closed for Cl runs. For the
j Pacifies C. P. Coles alone scored double i
figures, making IS runs. Shaw bowled
very successfully for the sailors, taking
six wickets. The Pacific innings closed
for 61 runs, and thus the match resulted
in a tie. C. Simmonds, formerly of the
Citrus Colony, Placer County, did good
service for the Pacifies, bowling three
men and catching three others.
The first match between clubs belong
ing to the California Cricket Association
will be played on Wednesday, May 3, in
Lake County between Burns Valley and
Lakeport teams, on the ground of the
former. The delegates of the Burns Val
ley club to the association have recently
been appointed. They are H. P. H. Hag
gitt and T. W. Beakbane. The Lake
County men are anxious that a team of
San Francisco cricketers should visit
them this season. They promise them
three matches and boundless hospitality.
In the last year of the century the Lake
County players hope to visit this city.
Burnell & Co., who last year gave a
bat, a pair of pads and a pair of batting
gloves to the association to be awarded
to the players making the best averages
in batting and bowling, have promised
three similar prizes this season.
The first match between city clubs will
be played on Sunday. May 7. at the Web
ster-street ground, Alameda, between the
Alameda and Pacific Cricket clubs. The
programme for the season Is in the hands
of the printer and will soon be issued.
It contains eighteen matches between the
Alameda, California and Pacific clubs for
the Brown pennant, to be presented at
the close of the season tp the club making
the best percentage.
A Musician's Suicide.
Albert Castagnetto, aged 20 years, a
musician, committed suicide by gas la
halation at 651 Vallejo street during the
early hours of Sunday morning. Despond
ency due to sickness is alleged as the
cause for his act. The deceased has a
brother connected with the undertaking
firm of Joe Godeau & Co.
JINKS, BUT NO RACES.
Ariel Rowing Club Did Net Hold its
Regatta at Long Bridge.
The proposed regatta of the Ariel Row
! ing Club at Long Bridge yesterday did
j not take place, but the rain which caused
j it to be deferred to a more favorable day
j had no effect upon the jinks in the club
i house. W. Growney acted as toast
! master, and among those who entertained
| the oarsmen with songs or recitations
were: J. R. Bockman. C. L. Ochs, H. A.
Pless. Louie Kepler, E. Lynch, George
Fancher, J. Keech and C. McAuliffe. At
■ well Webb and Eugene Adcock of the
Alameda senior barge crew came over
> with other creek oarsmen, and there were
visitors from the Dolphin, Triton and
Pioneer clubs. A pie-eating contest took
place between C. McAullffe, W. Growney
and E. McDonough. The last finished
first, but was disqualified for dropping
part of the pie. W. Growney was ad
i judged the winner.
The rowing events wil. be held on Sun
day, May 14. on which day an entertain
i ment will also be given in the club house,
jA. P. Rothkopf of the Dolphin Boat
Club has presented a silver medal, which
will be awarded as a prize in the novice
outrigged skiff race. ::.'.. '-.-' :
As far as calculations can decide, the
temperature of comets is believed to be
2000 times fiercer than that of red hot
iron.
56
OFFICERS LAND
FROM THE TWO
BIG TRANSPORTS
Gossip of the Inva
lided Soldiers.
SHIPS STILL QUARANTINED
MEN ABE ANXIOUS TO GET TO
THEIR HOMES.
First California Regiment Receives
Praise fcr Good Conduct in the
Field r.iyj. Soldierly Be
havior.
Bhen the quarantine officers ordered
Sherman and t i»o Grant to the Angel
Island station on Saturday afternoon a
general outcry arose from all the officers
and passengers on board. But the law
was enforced and for a brief twenty-four
hours the invalided soldiers fumed ami
blasphemed until liberation came- tt* them.
Some rare judgment and dlscrernment
was practiced by the quarantine officers!
i'm _r_er_i 1 Harrison Gray Otis by special
dispensation was given his freedom early
in the day. Twenty-one officers who
were <*n the Grant were, also dismissed
from quarantine; but not until late in tho
afternoon; There were a number of other
tirst-eiass passengers; men who were
among the rank and file, but who had
saved sufficient money t<> buy a first
class passage across the ocean. Th(
men, although they had associated and
fraternizi .1 with the officers during the en
tire trip from Manila t<> this city; are still
on board.
Among those who landed was Captain
C. F. Mudg.-tt of th*- North Dakota
Regiment. will return to his native
State in a few weeks:
"When I left the boys were fighting and
driving Aguinaldo inland." he said yes
terday at the California Hotel.
"The mortality of officers and enlisted
men is large enough to make us 'link
war is no plaything, but when we com
pare the American losses with those of
the natives we are but one to their six or
Si - Viii cl ( '*i ti * *
Major <'. H. Potter of the Eighteenth
United States Infantry speaks in very
laudatory fashion of the California boys.
According t<> his report, the First Cali
fornia Regiment has conducted itself as
a figthlng body, and di*l splendid work
during the campaigns:
There were a number of Nev Yorkers
an*l Washington me-ii e*n the transports.
Th.- son of ex-Secretary of State Hay:
A. S. Hay. Samuel Halzell. son of the
Pennsylvania Congressman; Eugene Hale
Jr. of Ellsworth and 1. W. Woodward Jr.
<>f Washington formed a party that left
New York on the Sherman; and have
coursed the greater part of the world on
THEY WILL UNITE
HEARTS AND HANDS
M. Charles J!. KJerulff to Wed JV_i§§
Jlliee L. Jordan.
THE announcement of the engagement of Miss Alice L. Jordan to 88
Charles A. K:crulff was made public in society's exclusive circle last .•
week, and rurnlshed a topic of conversation for the younger set with ■.
whom the ..v.o young people in question are great favorites. Miss " J
Jordan is the daughter of William H. Jordan of this city who was one •*
of the ablest Speakers that ever held the gavel In the State Assembly. She ''
resides with her parents at 1118 Gough street. Miss Jordan 's a striking bru- <-,
netto with a vivacious charm of manner and many personal attractions. She *.
is a member of '•"' Wednesday Cotillon Club and also of the Fortnightly, and "°
ls one of the acknowledged belli of San Francisco's swell set. Mr. Kier- •*•
ulff is a son of Captain I. N. Kierulff of Berkeley, who is a prominent capita .'
Ist of that city, tie has been connected for the past ten years with the c«
Western Sugar Refinery. He in a prominent young business man, who has ° J
won his place in the commercial world by his merit and ability. '*
The wedding of the young people will take place some time this sum- S3
mer. It is to be a very swell affair and the swagger Bet art anticipating it £•
with a keen degree of pleasure. Both Miss Jordan and Mr. Klerulff were *.
th" recipients of many congratulations from their host of friends last * J
week. 2?
ll SS U li » 88 li 82 82 % 82 li ti ti ti li li 82 ti li ti li li ti li li 82 •; ti li li 82 82 §
©—©—©—©—©—©-©— ©—©—©— ©—©—©—©—©—©-©— ©— ©_©_^__
1 Electricity for Weak Men.
S7 . 1 /'. i , Al\!i / / i There ls nothing like ELECTRICITY to
Tv J 'Ai'' li / / i There la nothing like ELECTRICITY to
\ \// t^*u/.7/ ' y'fffi'. J , P ut vu ' c*e * vim and ' or Into weak men or
0 \> uiif b__^V4rri^ :^^__l^Vv_?Oy women. Drugs give but temporary relief;
-^__£__yC\V^J{jßJ£^____a___-_>M_v^^ act merely as a stimulant, but Electricity
r. Eo ' B t0 aII weak parts of the bod ln-
T /y- 'sfSfvr&K^!f ________^^\________^__w\j_____ "antaneoualy, imparting nature'a force
teV'\ _ Jfbj^-mT u^r__^«*yiTOV V yCfc^a thereto and doing the required work sure-
ty _H__B_____*»^^____^f?''_. A *B^f*>f >> __3K_i_KKl '•■' and ln a permanent manner. If -'run
_U__K_fpP&* : - 'J ' y7 \T "^fty V^MB down" in health and strength you had
___ ___R_K>__ * ' V t-. /< V<-> .x -^ -__•<__■____ h,?t '"- try electricity. Use an Electric
* E- v *ivrSs^>^--->>^7^ ''_-. "itnETMH Belt ' for th!n '» th « bMt method of ap-
\£f7Al{Jr7ij\ fif^y)i&!s&fS&r\ .jflp fflysßir P'y'njr it, but be sure you get a good one
0 t_T___J_B* ! l Ji ffl'*'____Bl____B-l*inr l S_m_r!y Pr while you are about lt; In short, try "Dr.
I J^^^4Ji\llL'^i£}}^'ilJlJ&<f^r" y« r ce'»," for lt ls guaranteed to be the
i%*ffi-Sdr-^ft lItJB^HS9fjLt/iJ*^^I ItJB^HS9fjLt/iJ*^^- '' I « rr Electric Belt on earth. to be the
!^'^!rfl>i^r^>^^^^^/^<y^ CT "Booklet No. 2," free at office or
i WM^P^ rutX^/e^ 30 ""^ ■"
d fY ' -^f^ 1 PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
L Kt\ 62 ° MARKET STREET,
1 X ' N • ° pps,,tB Pstece Hotel, Sen Francisco.
that ship. "When they arrived in this city
last night they proceeded to taste the
pleasures of th*- town at once. They will
do a bit of sight-seeing before returning
to their parental wings.
The majority of the officers bring back
a tale of suffering and a strong dislike
for the Philippine Islands. To them their
return to this country is an introduction
to what they unanimously call the mod
ern paradise.
Robert Louis Stevenson.
Stevenson's favorite place to break
fast was a branch of the Pine street,
corner of Fifth and Mint avenue. See
Scribner's Magazine for May, 1899, page
60S.
SOCIALISTS MAKE MERRY.
Grand Mayday Celebration by San
Francisco Section.
The San Francisco section of the So
cialist Labor party held a grand Mayday
ration at Union-square Hall last
evening. This is In ai cordance with the
annual custom of the party, which recog
nizes May l as the universal holiday of
the international labor movement.
An excellent programme had been pro
pared, and the large audience present
signified its approval of the various num
bers by prolonged and frequent applause,
The following was the programme which
was presented by the propaganda com
mittee and accepted by the city central
commit! of the organization:
Opening remarks by Chairman M. W. Wll
ktns; trombone solo, George Ames; "The Mar
seillaise." Herman Maennerchor; recitation;
George Aspden; song. Miss Verner; speech. Ar
thur Andre; speech. Grant Williams; recitation,
M. Noble; sons. Miss Aspden.
GUS STRAND CRAZY.
Arrested for Larceny, He Has an At-
tack of Delirium.
Gus Strand, a real estate agent, who
has several times been arrested for half
interest swindles, turned crazy in his cell
at the City Prison yesterday morning. He
imagined that the cell Boor was full of
trap doors and that people were trying
to kill him. it.- was sent to the insane
ward in I he Receiving Hospital.
Strand was arrested last Wednesday for
being concerned along with Kern Kenny
In a swindle whereby a Mrs. Meyer was
induced to part with"?7"> em the false rep
resentation that she was to get an In
terest in some business.
Some months ago while Strand was in
: the prison he attempted to hang himself
; in his cell; and made another attempt in
: the insane ward in the hospital. At that
I time he was suffering from the effects of
a prolonged debauch, and it is supposed
that he had been again drinking heavily
before being arrested.
*<$a/faj*£&/fz&
Wakes every faculty that makes one nt his
best. Invigorates body and brain. Made only
by the Anheuser-Busch Brewing ' .-..'n. That
tells its merit.
Ocean Water Tv Baths.
101 Seventh street. corner Mission. Salt
water direct rom ocean.
Pierola's Illegal Closure.
LIMA. April 30 grams from all
parts of the republic censure the closure
of the electoral board. An article in a
semi-official organ, attributed to Pierola,
admits its illegality, but asserts that the
end iustilies the means. Things look dark,
as the legality of the electors appears
impossible.
"99" Cleveland bicycles. 540 and $50: "99"
Crescents. $35. Leavitt & Bill, 303 Larkin.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, MAY 1, 1899.
I •+o+©+©+©+o + o+o+©+©+©+©*o+C+©+©+©+o+o+Q+©+o+©+o+«
1 _£ r*^v
® §&-s&*™mflMk T^HE press was commended in >
- X _W^S#^f^l_^i I man y of the churches last V.
. 4 '^^«r| WB § evening for the stand it has ©
' 4 <Sffiia\m\\\ 1 taken against the gambling $
1 ® fMtMm&lllliM^ resorts of this city. In no 4
t & MBmlilsi' lfii^'^x uncertain terms the ministers + i
• X '^^mM f illW^^i denounced the places raided ©
i ° f mH^ by the P° llce as a curse to San +
- H, Hit K_ffT Francisco, and they all expressed +
' "*" mm BmV lh " hope that ,he courts woul(i aid O
- ® MW Ef- the press and the officers of the law +
• ° » i mli in ridding the city of the dens of 4
■ + Rill BiH infamy and disgrace. Following 0
4 \w_l\ Tnik are s no P sea of some of the ser " ©
i 2 «_!_&_ *"^™^ mons delivered by the leading 4
4 REV. HERBERT N. BEVIER OF THB o
; | MEMORIAL PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH $
SrtVERY good citizen must look with warm gratification upon the .now belnß 9
' © VJ made to suppress gambling within the city limits. The firm Betaken by the 4
; 4 P. Board of Supervisors, the splendid championship of the press. Particularly. The Q
© i-l Call, and the results already achieve.! are- evidences of the rise and -vrognae of
X a new and noble moral sentiment, which the church hails as the r dawning _ of * ft
. Z hptu >r <!*>-• Gambling ls one of the worst of vices It ls a gnawing and an lulling U
. © moral sore. It sends its virus down to the roots of character and thus pollutes the 4
. 4 life at its very source. Nothing has more disgraced our fair city than these dens or °
' O devilish gain-poolrooms are ante-chambers to the pit. ' '"' insidious advances or tne
' 2. gambling spirit Into our public buildings, best-known hotels and along our most promt- ~r
' Z nent thoroughfares is deplorable and menaces our highest public life. Let the gooa «
© fight go on. Down with the gamblers: Down with vice In all Its forms! Let us have +
i + a clean city, wide open only to every virtue and shut close to every crime. q
0 — J
© REV. W. E. DUGAN OF THE £
1 STEWART MEMORIAL CHURCH i
© mHE gambling scene at the Cross of Christ is one that fills us with horror because +
X M 1 "f the manner in which Christ's robes were to be distributed to these rough C}
X S ramblers. Come down with me nineteen hundred years and look nt Market V
T 1 street of our great sunset city, an.i behold the descendants of these ancient
♦ /ramblers with all the accumulative iniquity that has swept down to them through «
© the ages as they gather around their gambling tables. I am glad that an attack is +
I 4 Leingfmade upon these practices of vice, that the police have raided these dens, and I ©
© only hone that the courts will sustain the police. 1 believe that the latter will do £
4 their duty and if these places are not wiped out the fault will lay with our Police *;
-5 Judges Gambling such as is carried on "ii Market street strikes with all the X.
X- viciousness of a devil whose heart is boiling over with venom at church home and f.
0") m- -
_i_ ster of Spanish cruelty. Shall we permit the multitudes to be trampled In the tilth "£
Z and corruption and Iniquity by this fiend in our very midst? There are outrages prac- C
© ,..■, on Market street which the people of Georgia would not tolerate, They would +
4 tie the guilty ones to a burning tree. This gambling business ls nothing more than q
O highway robbery The robber holds up a man on the street and takes his money, using rT
j,j| revolver _«' the instrument; a gambler takes a man's money, using a card as the 4
4 instrument. What Is the difference? In the name of the God of Heavens let us rise Q
© in holy indignation and wipe this curse from our fair city.
4 O
$ REV, ALEXANDER N. CARSON OF THE &
$ TRINITY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH o
© +
X bmBGRE are signs of a growing healthy moral sentiment in our city, the gateway q
rt 'I ' of th" Orient, and hence," In a sense, the catch-all of all manner of wickedness and i.
X 1 uncleanness Why do 1 speak of favorable omens? Docs not wickedness abound X
J _____ everywhere? But when. our great metropolitan dallies throw down the gauntlet "
W against the wickedness that has been stalking brazen faced in our midst, openly T.
4 efj-ing law and outracing public sentiment and every sense of decency, when they take f?
© up 'the cudgel in defense of the right to plead for the rooting out of these infamous 4
4 hell holes that are debauching young men and women, and even boys and girls, sim- ©
i © ply damntnp soul? in platoons, breaking mothers' hearts, crushing fathers' hopes In or- -♦-
-♦- der that their coffers may be filled at any cost of tears and sorrow, 1 repeat that such ©
! © are evidences of a forward movement and of better day.s to me. +
o
1 REV. E. A. WOODS OF THE o
4 FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH o
. -w DO not consider it my duty to explore out city by night and ferret out Its law- *£ j
Z I breakers and criminals, but I do consider it my duty to demand the enforcement of O
© I the laws, to praise those officials who discharge their duties faithfully and to de- +
4 X nounce those who refuse to perform them. The laws of our State ami city are as q
© strict as In Eastern States and cities. What ls needed is that existing laws should * I
a be enforced. Gambling In its various forms, immoral and Indecent exhibitions, have T \
Z. been tolerated here long enough. These practices disgrace our fair city, injure It as a *•»
" place tv business and drive away those who would ike it their place of resilience 4 [
Sit %* the duty of public officers to execute existing laws without fear or favor. It © .
© is not 'for them to question or reason why. The pr -tors or these dens of vice are 4
4 just a.-, much lawbreakers as arc pickpockets and incendiaries. The eyes of the people ©
I © are on \these officers an.l courts of justice. It will soon be seen whether the laws will >
I 4 be executed and criminals punished, or whether by technicalities, subterfuges and in- © ■
© action tbe evil and corrupt classes of society shall gain a victory. 4
4 ©
I REV. JOHN A. B. WILSON OF THE ©
5 HOWARD METHODIST CHURCH. S
4 ny GENTLEMAN yesterday inquired of me: "What is behind the efforts of the ©
© #1 newspapers at this suppress) in?" I could not tell him, other than an honest de- -+-
4 sire upon the part of these great sentiment-makers, through their management, to «
© V __. give us a cleaner city and a safer place for the rearing of our children. With the V
. dreadful percentage of crime am! the awful debauchery of young men. women "JT
~Z arc children, it is time for some one to call a halt. The pulpit has been long at work O
O upon the problem. It would i- strange it' it had failed to awaken the attention of -$-
j •♦- thinking nun to the importance of investigation, and newspaper men are thinking, p.
! rt cultured men of patriotic sentiments who naturally desire to contribute their quota to y
'* the betterment of life. I thank God for their presence and leadership in the field. The 4
4 fight of The c.'all against lewd exhibitions ha. already manifested itself. I never have •**
O had such hope as now for the city of my adoption. I saw Dr. I'arkhurst in New _*.
♦ York pursue his lonely way amid -the criticisms of the pulpits and the revillngs of the f\
A city press, save one or two papers, and even pursued by the legal machinery- for he V
x only escaped a criminal indictment by one vote. That grand Juror giving his vote for «
,-.. instead of against, nd the greatest, grandest, most unselfish man in the American pul- V
V Pit for a generation would have been arraigned before the courts on a criminal charge. 7£
4 Look at the difference here. These great makers of public opinion are leaders of the ©
© crusade for purity and are asking for the support of the pulpit. They ought to have 4
4 it. and shall have it. Hut has the world ever anywhere before been favored with such ©
© an exhibit In the inception of a great municipal movement against vice and immoral- 4
-♦- Ity, nor anywhere was it ever more needed? But, thank God. with these giants in ©
© the van we will make San Francisco famous for its public morality, as it has been 4
.*. infamous for its wide-open badness. The Bght is on and will not end until the end so <*_
rt desirable has been achieved. J
Sthat the revocation of liquor licenses is threatened against the gambling X
p. houses if th*'y don't desist from their names. Why not strike at the seat of the mat- V
V ter and revoke the licenses first. Gambling, prostitutions and lewd exhibitions will go X
£ out when that greatest debaucher of public morals, the liquor traffic is destroyed w
W Portland, Me., with the prohibition of the liquor traffic, lost every gambling house +
4 and every house of shame the first year of prohibition. Prohibit the liquor traffic and ©
O enforce the law here and the same results will follow, and there will be a reduction of 4
+ crime more than one-half in the first twelve months. Z.
0 $
$ REV. MARION D. WILSON OF $
$ ST. PETER'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH ©
4 fli HE pulpit is to preach righteousness.' Sometimes in preaching righteousness the C_
q * preacher finds it necessary to warn against Iniquity— to raise each man his voice V
V I against sins that destroy character, that debase homes, that create thieves, that f,
OJL make men and women dars. It certainly becomes the preacher's duty to aid In ___
w eradicating such evils from the community. These are the specific charges against X
gambling, whatever form it may take, wherever It may raise Its hydra-headed iniquity. ©
' It become a vile and overmastering passion, until, like a cancer, it destroys and ren- x
4 ders vile the human character, It works insidiously and quietly, but grows tremendously Ci
O until the sometime temperate and home-loving husband or wife becomes utterly demor- 4
4- all zed, and all the holy and sacred ties of home are set nt naught that this passion ©
© may be gratified, It inevitably or almost Inevitably causes the spending of money -i
;4. that is needed tor other purposes and so opens the way of temptation to the young clerk ft
rt to help himself to the money of his employer, to make himself a thief. Moreover th*- i
V essence of gambling Is acquiring possession of the property of another without giving a ?x
JL fair equivalent, it Is the getting of something for nothing. In good old Anglo-Saxon V
V we call this stealing. 4
4 Gambling, then, is stealing. lying, debasing homes, destroying characters. This Is ©
© th-_ word of warning. Let bin. who reads take heed. ' 4
1 REV. PHILIP COOMBE OF THE 2
$ REV. PHILIP COOMBE OF THE o
+ RICHMOND CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH o
~ 1 -«rt 17 should all co-operate with every effort put forth In any crusade against gam- "^ '
4 \*/bllng. •' "' i especially in the present movement Inaugurated by some of the lead- 0
© Ifflf ing dallies ln this city. We should do so because gambling deatn s honor and 4
-4 II honesty, because it ls dishonest, because it destroys the intellect, it takes way fi
rt mental control. \
X Unity of action Is needed. This is what some of the daily papers are seeking to fi
X enlist, an dthelr effort is highly commendable. They are arousing the conscience of V
W the community on this question, and if the people who are ln sympathy with them in X
js4 this crusade will only work together and co-operate with them the rvll may be ban- ©
© ished. This callousness to human suffering is manifest*-. In connection with gambling X
: -jr everywhere. ' ©
; © Gambling makes men soulless, it denumanlzes them. It is the curse of the world + i
j -4- of all nations and all classes of society. We should gladly welcome any crusade ft
Q against It and willingly co-operate with any agency at work for Its overthrow. When- 4
V ever there is any great uprising In any State against gambling or any other evil it is fi
a revealed that there is enough sentiment against it to outlaw it if the forces are only _*1
: v rallied and led forth to battle. The cause of righteousness is God's cause and we shall X
X win the victory if all who are on that side will unite their power. The gambling vice __?
© and every other can be made to hide its head for shame and flee away. ' X '
I
$ REV. WILLIAM RADER OF THE $
$ THIRD CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH $
+ 1 |*| 1! 17 papers have unearthed something more than a mouse on Market street It ©
O *I' is an elephant. It is a racial sin. the wickedness which slumbers under every' city 4
4. I on earth. You cannot blot out a volcano by covering lt with a white mantle. The fi
rt ■*■ fact is. these manifestations of vice are but the symptoms Of something ineradi- V !
*f cable except by the power, of God. That is why this municipal battle is never X
I "♦" ended. The gambling vice is hard to down, driven from Ingleside, it appears in China- © •
I © town, banished from Chinatown, it appears on Market street. Remedy is more needed + i
4- than sensational revelation. Municipalities are the opportunities of the vicious classes. © I
©;_ The fact that eighty complaints were dismissed and that twenty-two cases are now 4- '
i 4. pending in the courts la sufficient to account for the Market-street scandals regard- Q i
© less of the Police Department. The courts, not the Chief of Police, are to blame. 4
i x Courts are cemeteries of dead complaints. ' X '
X The Market-street abominations are a disgrace. The men and women who have en- i
! v trenched themselves there are lawbreakers and the courts know it. The City Hall needs _!»
$a fresh supply of Invigorating public opinion; the wheels of Justice need oil' they must "
move with greater velocity. To this end the respectable portion of the community +
| 4 raises its voice in protest against the outrages on our principal street and expresses ©
© its thunderous approval of every legitimate effort to purify the city and purge it of the 4
X curse of gambling. 7.7 17-' . ©
I i Rev. William Rader received a lengthy communication from Chief of O
j A Police Lees yesterday, In which the latter thanks the minister for his 5T
. x fairness, and states that the Police Department has ever been vigilant In the a
i ft enforcement of all laws at all times, and thereby has it discharged its re- ?
*f risibility for any offense that may have contributed to the injury of the "** I
4 morals of the community. The Chief also gives a detailed account of what ©
O the department has done to prevent gambling. 4-
I + oi
[ »+o+o+o+o+o +o + +0 +o+o+o+o+o+o+o+o+o +o+o+o +o+o+o+B j
ST, PATRICK'S
IMPRESSIVE
CEREMONIES
Large Class Receives
Confirmation.
THE ARCHBISHOP PRESENT
HE TALKS ELOQUENTLY TO THE
CHILDREN.
Father Dastler, Superior of the Re-
demptorists, Inaugurates a Mis-
sion for Women — Other
Interesting Services.
Decked anew in quiet, beautiful colors,
with myriad liphts shining from every
nook and corner, St. Patrick's Church, on
Mission street, was yesterday the scene ;
of three beautiful and impressive cere-
monies.
In the morning Father Dastler, superior
of the redemptorists, celebrated solemn
high mass and Inaugurated a mission for
women. Earlier in the day 300 of th*- boys
and girls of the parish received their first
| communion. At 4 o'clock in the after-
noon Most Rev. Archbishop Riordan ad-
ministered confirmation to another class
of 300 of the boys and girls who were
gathered to receive it. In the evening
Father McGeogh preached an eloquent
sermon.
The administration of confirmtlon in
th*- afternoon was a most beautiful cere-
mony. To a class of 300 of the brightest
boys and girls of the parish the Arch-
bishop spoke long and kindly of the duties
i they were about to take up as Catholic
citizens in the highest sense. He dwelt
• upon the things they had been
taught In their Catholic training, |
■ and pointed out to them how I
, they might best adapt themselves to ]
j ful speech, brimming over with kindness I
; children with as rapt attention as by
. their parents and relatives, who crowded
the big church to the doorways.
All through the next month there will
be special devotions at St. Patrick's, and
the most eloquent Catholic fathers of the
city will be heard from time to time.
Father McKinnon of St. Jam* parish
celebrated mass in the evening at St.
Mary's.
CONDEMNED MOBS.
Rev. William Rader Delivers an Able
Sermon on the Recent Out-
rages in Georgia.
"Mobs and Government" was the sub-
ject of an Interesting address, delivered
by the Rev. William Rader last evening
before the members of the Third Congre-
gational Church. The sermon was based
, on the recent outrages committed in Geor- I
; gia by an infuriated moh and the speaker j
! condemned its lawless action. At the j
outset he said the mob crucified Christ,]
| reddened the streets of Paris and Ver- !
I sallies, blackened the name of Boston, I
j fired Philadelphia churches and disgraced I
| Chicago. It has lynched and burned and j
tortured both whites and blacks. In I
part he said: \
The burning of a negro in Georgia and th*> I
hanging of another on the evidence of the 1
first has brought the blush of shame to our
cheeks Such atrocities would make the Sultan |
of Turkey blush. The flames that consumed j
the wretch scorched the flag. For seven year:-) -
there has been on an average a negro burned i
for every year. The eight millions of negroes,
when educated. if that distant day ever comes, :
will make a rare conflict If they remain in j
i their Ignorance there will be a race war. |
Block Justice in the courts and you make a I
mob on the streets. The atrocity of the crimes I
i Incites the passions of men, which, influenced I
: by race hatred, develon the lynching mania.
Such fiends should be punished, not by lawless I
mobs but by lawful and speedy methods, Mobs I
: are anarchists. They are un-American. They I
sow seeds of lawlessness among the vicious j
' classes. The tendency toward lawlessness in
our country is seen in the fact that a San ]
; Francisco evening paper defends the atrocities
I of the South in a lengthy editorial. That is a ;
dangerous sign of the times.
! The remedy lies In a profounder respect for I
! law, as a principle of righteousness and as a i
method of Justice. Whenever an infuriated
populace takes the laws of a community into j
its own hands democracy Is defeated and the i
flag insulted. While we are expressing our hor-
ror at Spanish atrocities and respecting the 11- j
lustrious name of Dewey, let us remember that
self-government at home ls the surest guaran- !
tee to the world of our ability to govern abroad
and that to the extent of our Inability to place I
1 within the reach of the greatest wretch the j
instruments of .lustier- we shall become the j
I lauphing stock of the nations of the earth.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ j
JVappy 9// } other s
Sratitucie
I ' — * I 1
[LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM NO. 26,785]
" Dear Mrs. Pi.nkiiam— l have many, j
many thanks to give you for what your l
Vegetable Compound has done for me.
After first confinement I was sick for \
nine years with prolapsus of the womb,
had pain in left side, in small of back,
a great deal of headache, palpitation
of heart and leucorrhoea. I felt so '
weak and tired that I could not do my
work. I became pregnant again and
took Our Compound all through, and
now have a sweet baby girl. I never
before had such an easy time during j
labor, and I feel it was due to Lydia j
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. I |
am now able to do my work and feel j
better than I have for years. I cannot
thank you enough." — Mrs. Ed. Eh-
linger, Devine, Tex.
Wonderfully Strengthened.
" I have been taking Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound, Blood
Purifier and Liver Pills and feel won-
derfully strengthened. Before using
your remedies I was in a terrible state;
felt like fainting every little while. I
thought I must surely die. But now,
thanks to your remedies, those feel-
ings are all gone."— Mrs. Emilie
Schneider, 1244 Helen Aye., Detroit
Mich. © <.
(iJjBATENTSf a
__V^_^a3U MARKET ST. SfNSSr
Weak Men and Women
S£ftH_&'3___»_fH__?i
—~ — -— __ vu * i^**»««>- Depot. «2J l_Url_.t_
Badway*s
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cau«
perfect digestion, complete absorption «nt
healthful regularity. absorption and
For the cure of all disorders of the atom**.).
Liver. Bowels, Kidneys. Bladder. FemalS ft"
regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness m,
stlpatlon .Piles and all derangements of ?&
Internal Viscera. 2fio a box. At • DiikkliSl
or by mall. lUWAY & C Q.. New fork.
ADV^RTISEMEJMTS.
HIS HOLINESS POPE LEO XIII
'j^SS^k awards gold MEML
# ,n Recognition of Benefits Received from
In Recognition of Benefits Received from
MARIANI WINE TONIC-FOR BODY, BRAIN AND NERVES,
SPECIAL OFFER— To all who write us mention-
Gold Medal Presented by His - n £ this paper we send a book containing portraits
Holiness Pope Leo XIII to flnd endorsements of ' EMPtRORS, EMPRcSS.
Monsieur Angelo Marl- PRINCES. CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS and other
ani of Paris. distinguished personages.
MARIANI & CO.. 52 WEST 15TH STREET, NEW YOSK.
Sold at all Druggists Everywhere. Avoid Substitutes. B.vvare of Imitations.
P:irlB-« Boulevard Haussmann: I.^-n M»rtlr™r >tr»>t; Montreal-87 St. James street.
(' sjP* tD order you must go to ;
i /g|k JOE POHEIM. ;!
1 Mswmk For $ 25 you can ?et a ''
'' _<_illl_iil§ fine, well made and well ',
'' jj3^|§p||p trimmed suit at ( i
;! mi' joe poheim's.;;
Ii 1 mWM Will cost elsewhere $40. ,'
'! }M*H A! -woo!, stylish-cut i[
!' II ll Pants to cider from $4 \
KJ^-4 JOE POHEIM'S,; ;
I 201-203 Montgomery 6t. , Cor. Bush (
) 1110-1112 Mnrket St., S. F. {
! PURE, healthy, f%
FRAGRANT. Jgl
I The unnatural odor from per- AV%_/ Jr
splratlon and all other Impurities > ___ *^.
I are speedily and completely removed and the ;
' entire body given a pure, healthy, fragrant
tone by the dally use. in toilet and bath, of
i WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and WOOD-
-1 BURY'S Facial < Yearn.
j ;
EYERS % (?X
j [&&&& e)p£ c,AI kE M I ;
I *M -anrx' 4_l rT i a VgAR&.° .
I M 4^S#.Privare Counselor i
1 W^^-iS^ and fonSU''^ |
1 a^^» m m ?mL,§
tKwaaL^saßSaa v confidenhaLJr
\D? MEYERS &^o.= jf
\731 an rrencisco'fr
I DRPIERCfS 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
! 1 BLOOD;»VER.-HJWGS;I
I ______!
\^**t r%. 9__h wt. I __^ wis _i_U!Ut3_. Till" mi f_ 1W
iH^SS!^\^% THE NEW
UtDay. **^&'%UW ERE Mfiy
trcr ioth D.y. -^V*L, sf rnCllUllii
YITALIS MlDay -vEH M RFMFDY
: PRODI THK above 30th Dry. 51 111 kIII 1 1
* RKSI'LTS. ItquirklyAjiirelyrnnovMNcnroasness.lnipoUncy,
I Nightly Emissions, Evil Dream* Wastins Pi^rnse. and all effects
I of s.lf-oliu»e or excels and ir.rt:_ere|ion. Restores lost Vitality,
■■ Power and Failing Memory. War* off Insanity and Ccnsurr.p.
j ti™ Cures when all others fail. Insist on having VITAI.IS, j
! no other. Can he carried in the vest pocket, liv mail *t.O*>
Jer partoce or six for #5.00 with a guarantee to Cure Oi-
tefund the Money. Circular Pre*. Address
i CALUMET CUKE CO., 834 Dearborn St., Cbleaf*
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
NERVITASS^SSSJ* '
| a!M ""-WAND MANHOOD
i_____['bj Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
| ti%4i^ fi 'lise-ises, all effect, of sclf'abuse, or excess and I
j ySj Ji\ indiscretioa A nerve/tonic and blood'buiider. -
i ' xl I *&& Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re- !
I 'j, T^-^^J stores the lire of youth. By mail 500 per i
| K(^^\ ton 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written ;
j \'7 u;lran,ec to cure or refund the money.
Ilmita medical Co., CKnton * Js:Uson sts., ChiW23.
: E. L. Baldwin & Co., Druggists, 8 Market, S.F.
THE WEEKLY CALL
' ol It Publishes the Cream of tb«
Z) News of the Week and
i 2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
|«J ORiGINAL FEATURES;
°S IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©/ PAPER ON THE
) PACIFIC COAST
TJ The Best \^ / Mining
°j Telegraphic \^/ Mews Thai
°\ Service on /\ ' s Accurate
ol The Coast / \& up to data
°< _
! oc Not a Line of It Sensational
j J or Faky, and Not a Line ol
jJj it Dry or Uninteresting.
80l Not a Line of It Sensational
J or Faky, and Not a Line of
2 ** Dry or Uninteresting.
OC Bright. Clean, I A Champion ol
J Thoughtful. truth.
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Year
,*__€___ _3fe_2__*iJß „ r,c: f 3 lB , a nPn-rnt-nnoT*
fWST. VV  vv. •}' • s P e rmatorrh„. a ,
MSSM 1 <Sv*. %S Whites, unnatural lis-
fZfiitf Ociranieei H rhrirffes or «nVi,,_!_ ,
m B £zyszL.+ «on rB iM,K_, r l* I , ,fl ; i r ma -
*~jpr T t. eoo^on. t^n M^*
| fa *y HE EVANS cranes. Non-astriti*.-. nt.
WM^INCINNATI.O BMW Sold b.r Drutfyi- I*^
*^^«-fik U. 3 - -»• _2«^" r sent in plain wrapper,
'Willi I -fP'W «i r« eipre 88 _. Prepaid, fo*
V"Hfis*SSSSSKS^H & M >< " r 3 bottl.s, $2.76.
to Circular Mat ou rae__szk
~* -—i— — i
CONCERTS AND REoOjEvTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
MONDAY, MAY IST,
Grand Opening of the Swimming
Season.
(OPEN NIGHTS THEREAFTER.)
SWIMMING RACES FOR PRIZES
And the
ROYAL JAPANESE TROUPE
In Their
WONDERFUL PEATS,
Commencing: at 2:30 p. m'
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN, nc.
Bathing, Including admission, 25c. Children 20c.
PLAY J3ALL !
DEWEY D/\Y! |
OAKLAND vs. SAN FRANCISCO.
RECREATION PARK. .
GAME AT 2:30 O'CLOCK. ] <
AMUSEMENTS.
Special Dewey Matino To=Day, May 1.
Parquet, any seat, 2.7e; Balcony, * 10c; Chil-
dren, K><-. any part.
•r- T~ „
Direct from Europe, the Famous and Beau-
tiful
HAWTHORNE SISTERS.
In the Charming Japanese Romance. "TH__l
WILLOW PATTERN PLATE."
VALDARES, Tri*:k Bicyclists.
4 NELSON SISTERS. Acrobats
DILLON BROS., G. W. DAY, THK ANDER-
SONS. JACKLE"? WONDERS
Last Week of LILLIAN BURKHART AND
Ci iMPANT.
In "MY AUNT'S AIiVICE,"
COLUMBIA THEATER.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
ROLAND REED
Accompanied by ISADORE RUSH.
7 NIGHTS AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
The Eccentric Comedy,
THE
WOMAN - HATER.
By David D. Lloyd
Reed as the Misogynist— Reed as the Bigamist-
Reed as the Trlsramlst— Reed as
the Lunatic.
Next Monday— Frohman's Comedy,
"ON AND OFF."
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
TELEPHONE GREEN SGI.
EVERY EVENING AT 8.
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY,
BL CAPITAN
The Greatest Comic Opera Triumph of Many
Years. Received Nightly by Crowded Houses
With Cheers and Enthusiastic Demonstrations
of Approval.
All seats ordered by telephone to-day must
be called for by _ o'clock.
THIS AFTERNOON,
DEWEY DAY MATINEE.
DEWEY DAY MATINEE.
DEWEY DAY MATINEE.
OUR OLD PRICES 25 AND 50 CENTS.
ALCAZAR OF COMEDY.
DEWEY MATINEE TO-DAY!
To-night Begins the Last Week of
CAPTAIN SWIFT
Next Monday. May S. First Production of Clay
M. Greene's Farcical Comedy, Entitled,
H?S JAPANESE WIFE."
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT, AT 8 SHARP.
85th Time of the Japanese Musical Play,
THE GEISHA
A TALE OF A TEA HOUSE.
THE SUCCESS THE YEAR!
SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2 P. M.
PRICES - = 25 and 50 Cents.
Telephone Bush 5.
THE CHEAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
BATTLE OF
MANILA BAY
A wonderfully realistic representation of the
greatest sea battle ever fought.
The spectator stands near Dewey on the
bridge, while the contest rages all around.
Surpasses the panoramas of Waterloo and
Gettysburg In scope and present interest.
Market Street, near Eighth.
; OPEN DAILY FROM 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION, 50c; Children, "'■<•■
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
VISIT THE FUNNY LONDON MAZE.
SEE LUNETTE. THE HYPNOTIC MARVEL.
THE SMALLEST PASSENGER TRAIN IN
THE WORLD NOW RUNNING.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
TO-DAY— DEWEY DAY
« CHILDREN'S FESTIVAL!
BALLOON ASCENSION
/V\ARKEBERGJ
—^> — ■ — — —
GLEN PARK!
TO-DAY— DEWEY DAY!
SCHOOL CHILDREN'S FESTIVAL!
RAIN OR SHINE.
10 A. M.— MONSTER DRILL OF PUBLIC
SCHOOL CHILDREN.
7' P. M.— FREE VAUDEVILLE BUI*.
3 P. M.— GAMES FOR PRIZES. Prizes in-
clude Footballs, Baseballs, Bats, Skates, I Land-
balls. Jewelry, Silverware and Fancy Articles
of Wearing Apparel for Boys and Girls.
1 P. M. CONCLUSION OP VAUDEVILLE
PROGRAMME AND CONCERT.
' Lunch In cafe and restaurant at popular
prices and tables for picnickers.
Admission, 25c, proceeds to I" donated to
physical culture department of public school*.
School children and parents tree on passe*. •ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
PROBABLY THE
LAST HEARD OF
FABIOLA DAY
Opposition Does Not
Prove Acceptable.
THE LADIES ARE BLAMELESS
WORTHY CRUSADE AGAINST
VILE SALOONb.
Dens That Cost the City Very Many
Times the Amount Paid Into
the Treasury for
Licenses.
Oakland Offlce Pan Francisco Call, S
908 Broadway, April 29.
The action of the License Committee In
mending to the Council that no
liquor licenses be granted to houses where
minora have been served or crimes com
mltted; or which are known to he the re- I
sort of thieves and other disreputable
characters, is eminently proper, and is to !
be encouraged and commended. When
ever such a course has been suggested in ;
the past it has always been met by the
practice of applying for a license under
a new name, as though a dandelion would ,
smell like a rose because called one. The
habitues and environments of a saloon
determine Its character, and these are not
changed because the ex-proprietor be
comes the bartender and the nominal pro
prietor is never or seldom seen.
There tire in Oakland fully fifty dead
falls which should be closed and which !
are costing the clty many times the
amount of the license they put in the
treasury. They harbor the very worst
types of men and women; and give the
• more trouble than a score of sa
foons decently conducted. Occasionally a j
murder, or attempted murder*, or crimes
equally henlous; are committed, and tho
city and county are put to great expense
in "trying the cases, which would never
have "come up but for these dens. The
abolishing of such places would be a wise
economy. ____________
Mayor Snow has In his possession a ''.
statement from two lads now awaiting
trial for burglary, in which they tell him
*f the particular saloon where their crime
was hatched, and where they were served
with liquor, although both are minors.
Any man who would vote to continue
a license to such a house is unworthy of
a seat in the City Council or anywhere
else outside the pillory of public indigna
tion and contempt.
The Supervisors will meet to-morow,
nnd if they do what is requested of them
they will revoke the license of the notori
ous Thalia saloon on the San leandro
road. This place was, a few days ago,
the scene of a most diabolical orgy. The
details have been suppressed, but enough |
is known to justify very peremptory ac- i
tion. This is not the first time that this i
resort has been a scene of bloodshed;
but decency demands that the affair of
last Sunday shall be the last. ;
I have no patience with that large class '
of people who live by their wits and who j
are forever opposing any attempt to pro
mote decency and order on the ground
that it Is a movement to make Oakland a
"blue-law" town. Such a suggestion is I
as ridiculous as it is insincere. Because
an effort be made to close a number of
notorious haunts of vice, there is no sense
in declaring that prohibition Is the end in ,
view; because vile keno dens are driven
out to Emeryville is no argument that
every place of legitimate amusement is
being turned into ii prayer-mi
house; because vagrants, hoodlums anil
tinhorn gamblers are compelled to move
on or out is surely no excuse for saving
that no one can live in peace in this city. i
Vet this is the view taken by those who i
would subvert every attempt to suppress
vir.> nd to maintain law and to prevent '
high school students and others from that
class being exposed to temptations which
they have nut experience enough to
understand.
Rev. Dr. Sunderland has published a j
CLUBMAN,ACTRESS
AND CARNATIONS
c» -
• '<
♦
.» \f) ESTFRDAY was a cold and dreary day in more ways than the literal
♦ \y on ° for a certain well-known clubman. He remained at home during tho
.• J entire day and evening, not daring to go to the club, for there he
1 would have been sure to meet those friends he had cordially hidden to
k* enjoy his triumphs, and who, by a strange turn i.i cordially wit
strange turn of fortui
/ nessed his defeat.
It happened on Saturday evening,
and not only the clubman's friends
jut the entire Orpheum audience are
gossiping about the swell and the
long-stemmed carnations he ordered
sent to Miss Rurkhart over the foot
lights—and which she refused to ac
cept
Miss Rurkhart herself refuses to
discuss the incident. "He was just
a foolish man," she said, and then
ho showed two perfect rows of
pearly teeth and twisted her full, ex
pressive lips in a most tantalizing
manner.
"The front of tho house" have none
of Miss Burkhart's charitable discre
tion, and told the tale to all who cared
to listen and learn. This is the man
agement's version of the exciting epi
sode: A well-known clubman, dilet
tante, and admirer of all things beau
tiful in art and nature, on Saturday
afternoon loft at the Orpheum box
office a note for the fetching Miss
Rurkhart that told of his admiration
of the lady and her talent, incident
ally touch* upon his own exalted so
la! position and which concluded by
saying that he would that evening
send her a bunch of carnations, that
would be handed to her over the foet
id lights. "If I may have the rare pleasure of escorting you to supper— after
,* the performance— lake one of my carna" — ' ~"* ** *" *"•"«• v*air"
*^ the note added, and the clubman came |
£• with his friends, all in on the secret, J
V to see Miss Rurkhart "put the car- !
4 * nation in her hair." j
* Mi..; i iurkhart'- playlet ended. Tho
• t » usher, keeping stop to the music of
. applause that greeted the little lady,
g» dashed to the stage and held th* car-
nations toward her. Miss Burkhart
r» shook her head. Th" curtain fell. j
v Again the audience thundered, de
i? manding the curtain be raised again
* so the charming actress could get
\ those carnations that they imagined
£• she had overlooked^ Up again went
4 the curtain, but the lily-white hand
i^ did not reach for the flowers, and the
* usher ing them on the stage just as
•I' the curtain once again fell.
r. The clubman was puzzled. His
V friends smlied mysteriously. When
'.*, the orchestra came out from under
f * the stage and each man, from Leader
•' Rosener down, had a carnation In his
r . buttonhole, and the stagehands were
*' seen peeking from the wings each
 mother's son's coat decorated with a
•-" carnation, the clubman fled.
* The clubman's friends Saturday
k.- evening drank to Miss Burkhart's
% health. The clubman paid for the b >t
<■? ties.
♦
•♦s.^%* %>%♦?;♦ !«♦•.-»•;♦ tZ+ll+K+Zi+
Practical variation of an old adage. He
has evidently heard somewhere that there
is a torrid place which is paved with good
intentions. He makes the application to
Fablola's Derby day and very aptly.
Many well-meaning folk have inadver
tently created the impression that the
ladies who conduct that magnificent insti
tution have locked hands with the ele
ments of viciousness and have entered
into a contract to boom and extend the
manifest evils of the racetrack. This is
absurd, but not an altogether unreason
able deduction. The ladles of Fabiola
have but one object in the premises— the
welfare of Fabiola, and If some other
source of benefit can be devised the
ladies will most willingly accept It. Dr.
Sunderland says that it is all very well
for the Christians to stand up in prayer
meeting and denounce Fabiola day— such
efforts are easy, but offer no remedy. He
proposes that 'all unite in raising a sum
annually equal to the amount received
from Fabiola day and then the Purpose of
such protest is accomplished. This is
right. Oakland Is guilty of too much re
solving and subsequent inactivity. * • ,
There Is something remarkably logical
in Dr. Sunderland's suggestion, and it will
no donbt appeal to the i lies of t-abiota.
Argument on such a question is vain.
Conviction can only be arrived at from a
knowledge of practical example. There
a?e many among the budding manhood
and womanhood of our society who un
doubtedly take advantage of Fabiola day
to obtain their first experience of the
racetrack. If it could be proved that
vAbnc- Wldber were one of- these would
kny n human being dare defend Fabiola
|'v. b n ,l can it be proved that such oc
casions hpve not laid the foundations for
more than one such career?
I do not think the disseminators of vice
at Fmerv ville will receive another annual
metaphorical certificate of character from
Fablola's friends. The remedy is solely
in the hands of those who would sup
press it.
The manner in which a grand jury can
be persuaded to take up an alleged griev
ance, which is based on purely personal
motives, is rlalnly shown in the case of
ex-Coroner Evers. Some years ago a
grand jury declared that Mr. Kvers had
overcharged the county about $120*3 dur
ing his term of oflice. It now appears
that Coroners for years before Mr. Evers
was elected, the Coroner that succeeded
him and the present Coroner have made
exactly the same charges. Yet Evers
was put to heavy expense to defend him
self from these "suits, while the charges
i*re still ing made and successive grand
iuries have not thought lit to make any
more indictments. Why Evers should
have been singled out would no doubt
make a good story.
Thursday night a cultured, though
very small audience at the Macdonough,
was quietly rebuked by the artist Rosen
thal. During the rendition of a number
was heard the squeaking of a pair of boots
in the balcony, where are supposed to be
seated the genuine music lovers. The
pianist refused to play in competition to
boots. He stopped abruptly. The squeaks
kept on, then subsided. The pianist re
sumed, and Oakland people were made
aware of the fact that if they could not
support an artist for one night at the
Macdonough, neither could they annoy
him. When the Macdonuogh has added a
dispel for people who must cough
and a conversation room for people who
must talk after coming to the theater,
then it wil indeed be a model playhouse.
It was quite too bad that this modern
Athens should have suffered such a re
buke on account of the carelessness of
one "music lover."
What ls the value of a Jury? This ques
tion is brought up by the remarkable ex
hibition of injustice meted out in Justice
Quinn's court last Thursday. There were
six jurors and supposedly six mini and
intellects. There might have been two.
but. there were no more, or else, as the
Court said,* there was corruption and
crookedness. When the two referred to
have, been determined the other four are
at liberty to attempt to receive $10>)
apiece by the grace of one Morehouse of
the late unlamentcd Legislature.
Mayor Snow has a kodak with which
he Intends to secure absolute proof of
the existence of nuisances and of neces
sary repairs. If nuisances be held to in
clude human beings, who are apparently
sworn to prevent the progress of this
city, the Mayor's term of office should
be at least ten years. In no less time
can he complete the collection.
STUART W. BOOTH.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, April 30.— marriage of
Miss Henri Bertram and Daniel Green
will be solemnize!! next Saturday even
ing at St. Joseph's Church. The bride is
the daughter of Mrs. M. Berfram of 1532
Pacific avenue, and the groom is the well
known swimmer, the holder of several
State championship medals. Following
the ceremony there will be a reception at
the hem.- of the bride's mother.
M. G. Curtis, who was seriously injured
while playing handball at the Enclnal
Recreation Club and was taken to the
County Infirmary for treatment, is re
ported to-day to be Improving rapidly and
his complete recovery is looked for.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 1,1899.
NO NEED TO
PAY INTEREST
FOR SALARIES
Treasurer Gilpin Has
a Scheme.
WORKED WELL YEARS AGO
LAKE MERRITT FUND MAY NOT
BE SACRED.
Work Done After June May Have to
Paid for From the Income for
the Next Fiscal
Year.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 30.
"If I were permitted to act I could fix
matters in flve minutes so that no em
ploye of the city would have to pay 8
per cent interest, or any interest, to any
bank on his salary Warrants for the next
few months," said Treasurer Gilpin.
The prospect of every employe of the
city of Oakland having to pay 8 per cent
interest to some bank for the purpose
of drawing salary on their warrants, un
til some money is received after next
July, is causing considerable worry at the
City Hall. Mr. Gilpin, who has handled
the city cash for ten years, says he can
adjust matters if permitted to do so, al
though his methods might be considered
to be not in harmony with the law. The
method, however, was in force for many
years, and during that time the banks
cashed warrants at their face value, with
out any interest.
About three years ago the City Council
passed an order that no city money was
to be put on deposit in the local banks,
nut that the city, not having a fire-proof
vault of its own, should rent a deposit
box in one of the banks and hoard its
money in it. Since that time no money
has been on deposit in banks, and conse
quently the banks are under no obliga
tion to the city to cash warrants without
interest. There is now in the city's de
posit box a sum of money sufficiently
large to enable all salary warrants to be
paid at tin face value, If the Treasurer
be permitted to carry into effect his lit
tle scheme, which is to take the money
from the box and put it on deposit. The
banks then, having the use of the money,
would make It earn the interest which
they would otherwise charge the em
ployes.
The county of Alameda has done for
years past just what Mr. Gilpin wants to
do, and thing has been said. In the
case of the county there Is not the excuse
of there being no adequate treasury in
which to keep it, and yet here is never
a time when there is not from a quarter
to a half million dollars of the county's
funds In the local hanks.
There is also some doubt as to whether
the $48,000 now held to pay for the work
on Lake Merritt can be retained for that :
purpose after June 30, if the Council shall
undertake to transfer it to the salary
fund, and the law permits. After June
30 it is calculated that at least $30,
of this fund will not have been earned,
and consequently the work done after
that date will ii*- chargeable to the in
come of the city for the next fiscal year. }
There are differences of opinion regarding >
this trasfer of funds, but everybody seems
willing to strain a point if all the em
ployes can be saved from having to pay
8 per cent interest on their warrants,
especially now that after May 1 nearly
all such warrants have already been re
duced 25 per cent by ordinance.
THE AX HAS FALLEN.
The First Slash Strikes City Electric
Light Employes.
ALAMEDA, April 30.— The political ax
has fallen and as announced in The Call
the first blow has struck the municipal
electric light works. li: an effort to re
duce expenses and isolate the account of
the works from all oth* i bran* I of the
city government a complete overhauling
of the working force has taken plat
Rut one man has thus far lost his official
head, but it is stated i ha : as soon as the
electric light committee, composed of
city Trustees. Schulte and Mackle, thor
oughly familiarize themselves with the
conditions surrounding tho city light
plant the ax will make deeper slashes
among tho employes. William Carlson,
assistant fireman, has boon dropped from
the payroll. Fireman James Davis will
in future have no assislai and .-,)] be
forced to do duty for < [even hours at a
stretch.
Al Fisher, who occupied the dual posi
tion of collector and engine wiper, has
been relieved of the latter part of his
work, and Instead has been placed In
charge of the accounts of he plant, for
merly kept by City Clerk Lumhorn. En
gineer J. O. Messer will be given -..■> as
sistance in the engine room and will be
forced to work about twelve hours a day
tc keep the machinery in proper shape.
For some time there has been a little
difference of opinion existing between
Messer and Electrician <".. A. Weise. The
City Trustees have also taken this matter
in hand. Messer and Weiso have been
given positive orders to shake hand and
1,,- good under penalty of comb into
sudden contact with the sharp edge of the
ax. v •
.■ ♦ ■
Church Services in Oakland.
OAKLAND, April 30.— I'nion service
was held at the Chester-street M. K.
Church to-night in the interest of the
temperance cans*- and Dr. Chapman of
the Anti-Saloon League delivered an ad
dress.
"The Fatal Hurry of Modern Life" was
tho subject of Rev. Charles R. Rrown's
sermon to-night at the First Congrega
tional Church.
Elder P. Magleby of San Francisco ad
dressed the members of the Church of
Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints to-day
The last in the series of lectures on
Shakespeare and the Bible was delivered
by Rev. Alfred Bayley at the Fourth
Congregational Church to-night. "David
. and Henry V" being his particular theme
At th*> Second Congregational Church
Mrs. Hampson Hemus preached both
' morning and evening and she and her
, husband will conduct gospel services dur
ing this week.
Arthur B. Miller of the San Francisco
logical Seminary occupied the pulpit
i of the Temescal Presbyterian Church to
day and this evening Dewey day services
were held.
ur. Babcock of the university delivered
a sermon on "Layman's Creed" at Gold
en Gate M. E. Church to-night.
Noel H. Jacks, general secretary of the
Y. M. C. A., preached at the Twenty
fourth Street M. E. Church this morning
Rev. Jesse Smith, -superintendent of sea
men's work, delivered the sermon to
night.
Rev. J. R. Knodell preached his fare
well seromn to-night to his flock in Pil-
I grim Congregational Cnurch. His theme
was "Pressing Toward the Mark."
"Christianity and Woman" was the sub
ject of Rev. Dr. Coyle's sermon to-night
at the First Presbyterian Church.
Rev. C. l-:. Locke, D.D., of San Fran
cisco, spoke a; the First M. ]•;. Church
this morning. To-night Rev. E. R. Dill.
preached on "Work and Wages."
Rev. J. T. Sunderland, pastor of the
First Unitarian Church, spoke to-day on
"The Religion of Kipling."
The Luther League of Christian En
deavors of the First English Lutheran
Church will give a Dewey social Monday
night in the church parlors. The social
will be pariotlc and a good musical pro
gramme will be given.
■ ■ * ■ _
Keeping Company.
"They kept company for a long time
before they were married."
•-.'•;. and they've kept it most of the
time since. Her relatives seem bound to
live on them."— Philadelphia Bulletin.
WIND AND RAIN
DO IT DAUNT
THE SPORTSMEN
Good Shooting Done
Across the Bay.
AFTER MEDALS AND HONORS
SAN FRANCISCO GUN CLUB DOES
GOOD ware:.
Schultz and Sears Carry Off the Hon
ors at the Merchandise Tourna
—Schuetzen Club at
Schuetzen Park.
ALAMEDA, April 30.— The members of
the San Francisco Gun Club were not
scared off by the drizzling rain and
blustering winds to-day and turned out
in large numbers to participate in the
tournament merchandise shoot which
took place at the Lincoln grounds, Ala
meda Point. Considering the unfavor
able conditions for clay-pigeon shooting,
the scores were unusually large. E.
Schultz won the first prize in the prin
cipal event, smashing fifteen of the clay
discs without a miss. Sears was victor
In the expert class, with the same score
as Shultz.
The list of events and scores follows:
First event, 15 birds, entrance 75 cents, class
shooting— Rose, 11; Hoyt, 6; Palmer, 13; Miller,
8; Brans, 12; Daniels, 17; Trask, 10; Hani 3;
Mitchell, 8; Williams,' B ;Bekeart, 12; Lancer, 3;
Gibson, 7; Michelson, 11; E. Bllse, 8; Becker
staff, 7; Colt, 6; Robertson, 12; Hobble, 12; (J.
Feudner, 12; Webb. 14; H. Golcher, 11; Fisher,
14; F. Feudner, 12; Haight, 10; W. Golcher. 13;
Edgar Forster, 18; Eugene Forster, 11; Owens,
12; Slade, 12; Murdock, 13; Sweeney, 7, Ju--'iin^,
7; F. Schultz, 12; Lane, 9; Isham, 7; F. Ver
non. 12; H. Vernon, 10; Huie, 11; Cooley, 9;
Scott, 11; J. Kullman, 7; Kerrison, 11; Trom
bone, 13; Depew, 7; La Motti , 10; King, 9;
Lockwood, C; Smith, 12; Mcßea, 10; Javette Jr.,
10; Jiangs. 9; Kullman, 9; Piel, 4; Sears, 13; E.
Schultz, 17; Klevesahl, 12; Rlcklefson, 9; Neu
stadter, 17; McMurchy, 13; L. Javette, 10; Price,
4; Weil, 4; Slnkwitz, 9; Fitz.jatrlek, i, Drey
fus, 11.
Second event, 15 birds, entrance 7.7 cents, class
shooting— Daniels, 13; Kerrißon, 12; Brans, 10;
Forster, 10; Mcßea, 13; Haver, 11); Owens, 11;
Bekeart, 14; Miller, 10; Eugene Forster, 14;
Huie, 5; Lane, 5; Hose, 8; King, 8; La Motto,
0; •ley, 17, Webb, 14; McMurchy, 9; Fitz
patrick, 5; Lockw i. 9; 17. Bliss, 10; Fisher,
1"; Dreyfus, 5; Colt, 6; Hal : i. 17. Sweeney, 4;
Palmer, 12; J. Kullman, 10; H. Kullman, 10;
Trombone, 12; Hobble, 13; F. Vernon, 9; F.
Schultz, 11; O. Feudner, 13; H. Golcher, 11; W.
.'. ' 7 7 her, 14; ilia-, 3; Scott, 10; Justii S;
Slade, 13; F. Feudner, 11; Hoyt, 12; Sears, 11;
Schultz, 14; Klevesahl, 9; Ricklefson. 12; Neu
stadter, 13; Murdock, 11; Piel, S; Kobertson, 13;
Slnkwltz, 7: J. Trask, 10; Hanna, 4; Miehelson,
9; Mitchell, 6; Vernon. 10; BickeretafT, S; Price,
5: Williams, 11; Schendel, 6; Banks, 3; Kar
ney, 11.
Third event, 10 birds, entrance 50 cents, three
classes, handicap: First class, shooting under
expert rules— Trombone. 3; W. GoU-her, 7;
Webb, 8; Schutlz, 7; McMurchy. 7; O. Feudner,
S; Haight, 8; King, 4; Feudner. 7. Bears, 10;
Karney, S. Second class, at known traps, un
known angles— Mcßea, 9; Blckerstaff, 4; Brans,
7; Dreyfus. 9; Hoyt, 7; Hobble, 5; Fisher, 8;
Kugene Forster, 8; Robertson, 8; Daniels, 9;
Edgar Forster, 8; H. Golcher, 9; Palmer, 4;
Bekeart. 8; F. Vernon. 7: Bliss, 9; Rlcklefson.
9; Justlns. 3: H. Vernon, 9; F. Schultz, 7; Neu
stadter 8; Murdock, 9; Klevesahl, 8; Williams,
6; i.a Motte, 7; Haver, 7; Kerrison, S; Slade. 9.
Third class, at known traps, known angles —
Lane, 2; Piel, 4; Wlel, 4: Sweeney, 2; Rose, 5;
II Kullman. 9; J. Kullman, 8; Colt, 1; Bock
wood, 5; Fit rick, 6.
Next Sunday the Reliance Gun Club
will give a merchandise shoot for mem
bers only. There will be twenty-five
prizes valued at $65. The purpose of the
shoot is to encourage new members.
UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA NEWS
BERKELEY, April 30.— The present
academic year of the University of Cali
fornia will i"- brought to a close on
Wednesdty, May 17. From that date the
vacation will last continuously for three
months, college convening again about
the middle of August.
All recitations for the term stopped last
Thursday. The final examinations for
the year, the examination constituting
the basis for awarding the bachelor's de
gree, commenced yesterday, They will
continue for two weeks, with the excep
tion Of to-morrow, being a legal holiday.
On Saturday, May 13, the graduating class
will hold its class day exercises upon the
campus. The exercises, as in previous
years, will be in the nature of a grand
pageant, each graduate appearing in fan
tastic costume as part of a spectacular
performance, intended as the solemn ob
sequies of tho parting class. Arrange
ments have been made to hold the rites
in the natural amphitheater on the upper
campus, behind the chemistry building.
The big circus which was to have been
laid last Thursday afternoon has been set
for to-morrow at the same time. ISO
changes have been made in the pro
gramme, and it will bo given as an
nounced previously.
The members of Phi Beta Kappa, the
honorary scholarship fraternity for which
the university was recently granted a
charter arc planning to hold a banquet
in San Francisco, Saturday evening, May
13. All the fraternity alumni on the coast
are expected to be present. As a part of
the literary exercises of the occasion Pro
fessor Charles Mills Gayley of the Eng
lish department has accepted the invita
tion to read a poem.
SLASHED WITH A RAZOR.
A Painful Handshake With a
Stranger.
OAKLAND, April 30.— Denne, a
house-mover, residing at 866 Lydia street,
was treated at the Receiving; Hospital
shortly after 1 o'clock this morning for a
severely cut right wrist. The arteries
and tendons were severed and the young
man would have bled to death had
a friend not met him <n time and caused
him to be taken to the hospital.
Denne's Injury was Inflicted with a
sharp razor in the hands of some un
known person. He had been drinking
quite freely and at the corner of Seventh
and Washington streets a stranger en
tered into conversation with him. This
was at about 1 o'clock. Denne says the
fellow shook hands with him then left
him. and soon after he discovered he was
bleeding at the wrist. The injury dazed
him and he knew not what to do until
his friend approached him and called
for the patrol. Drs. Stratton and Roue
and Steward Borchart worked on Denne
several hours and with considerable diffi
culty saved his life. The case is surround
ed with considerable mystery.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Paclflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 30, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
East This East
Stations— 21 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.62 &™ 31.29
Red Bluff 0.4$ 19.9'J 12.71
Sacramento O.OS }<•<» 8.87
San Francisco O.PO IC.OO 7.75
Fresno 0-g* ,; -'-' 4.16.
San Luis Obispo 0.00 IG.3G 6.12
1., a Angeles 0.00 4.91 5.31
San Diego «-00 4.83 4.31
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.63
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
71; minimum, 46; mean, 18.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
With the exception of Southern California and
Arizona the weather is generally cloudy over
the Pacific slope. Light rain has fallen from
the Tehachapi and Central Nevada northward
to the British Possessions.
The pressure la rising over the northwestern
portion of the country and falling elsewhere
over the Paclflc slope. • .' ....
The temperature has risen over Arizona and ,
the eastern portion of Southern California and
fallen in the remaining districts. - - ,-
Conditions are favorable for fair weather In
California Monday, except in the mountains of
the southeast portion, where it will be stormy.
There will be a general fall in temperature,
especially over Arizona and the southeastern
portion of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, May 1. 1599:
Northern California— Monday, except
showers in the mountains of the southeast
portion; cooler; brisk to high northwest wind.
Southern California— cloudy Monday,
with showers in the mountains; cooler in north
portion; brisk northerly wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Monday, probably with occa
sional rain or snow; cooler.
Cloudy, with showers, cooler Monday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy In south portion, rain
or snow in north portion; cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity— Monday;
brisk to high northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON,
•■ . Local Forecast Official.
NOTICE TO MARINERS. I
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Offlce, located ln the Merchants' Exchange, ls
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
offlce. where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball en the tower of the new Ferry
building at the foot of Market street 1.- hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, Is published
ln the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
♦he city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY, MAY 1.
Sun risos 5:13
Sun sets 7:01
Mi>"n ri.-^s 0:^2 a. m.
O liiine Time! Time ITirne
g ! Ft. ——I Ft. Ft. ! Ft.
S H W L W H W L. WJ
1 ...' 2:69 6.4 10:10*— 0.3 5:31 6.0 10:34 1 3.0
2 ... 4:14 5.0 11:10 0.0 6:21 E.3 11:50 2.5
i ... 5:36! 4.S 12:09 0.3 7:09 6.5
I, W H V\ 1^ W II W
4 ... 0:56 1.9 8:55 4.8 1:05 0.7 7:49 5.7
5 ... 1:55 1.2 8: ■>■ 4.8 1:56 1.0 8 :
6 ... 2:4f> 0.6 9 09 4.9 2 6 6.1
7 ...| 3:3S 0.0 10:16 5.0^ 3:20 l.S| S:44; 6.4
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day ln the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign — precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE. j
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Luella "Tillamook [May I
A. Blanchard... i Day May 1
Weeott Yaqulna Bay May 1
Progreso Seattle May 1
Aloha Point Arena (May 1
Columbia IPortland May 1
Corona San Diego May 1
Curacao Mexico May 1
Mackinaw Tacoma May l
Newburg [Grays Harbor May 1
Grace Dollar. ...lGravs Harbor May 1
North Fork (Humboldt May 1
Queen [Victoria .<fc I uget Sound May 2
Pomona Humboldt May 2
Bonlta New] rt May 2
Santa Rosa ... San Diego May 4
Point Arena Point Arena. May 4
Aztec China and Japan May 1
sratc of Cal .. rtland May 5
Belgian King.. 'China and Japan May 5
Areata C os Bay May 7,
Moana Sydney (May 5
Homer Departure Bay (May 5
Bristol I Departure Bay May 5
Kmpire Coos Bay iMay 5
Washtenaw .... Tacoma 'May 5
Coos Bay Newport [May 6
Crescent City. .[Crescent City May 6
City of Peking. 'China and Japan May 6
Czarina [Puget Sound [May fi
Walla Walla. ...[Victoria ft Puget Pound May 7
CoqullJe River.. 'Grays Harbor {May 7
Alliance Portland IMay 9
Acapulco 'Panama May 9
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
steamer. uesiinauon. cans. i i-ier.
Coos Bay... l Newport [Apt. J". 9 amlPler 11
Areata |Cooa Bay lApl. 30, 10 am "Pier 13
Umatilla .. Vie & Pgt May 1. 10 am Pier a
Corona San Diego IMay 2. 11 amlPler 11
A. neh'dlHumboldt May 2, 5 pmjPler 13
Columbia .JPortland May 1,10 am Pier 24
Aloha IPoint Arena.. l May 3, 3 pmiPier 2
Bonlta (Newport May 4. 9 amlPler 11
Australia ..(Honolulu May 4, 2pm Pier 7
Pomona ... Humboldt May 4, 2 pm Pier 9
Santa Rosa Ban Dleiro May <*. 11 am Pier 11
AmerjMarulChina& Japan Mi v 6. 1 PMSS
Queen Vie & Pgl Sd.lMay 6. l*7itn Pier 9
PI Arena.. 'Point Arena.. May 6, 3 Pier 2
Curacao ...[Mexico [May 7, 10 amlPler 11
State Cab. JPortland May R. 10 amlPier 21
Cltyof Para Panama May X, 12 m IMPS
.earner.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. April 30.
Stmr Weeott, Dunham, 66 hours from Ya
qulna Bay, via Eureka 30 hours.
Stmr Cleone, Hlggins, 32 hours from Crescent
City.
stair Alcazar, Gunderson, 12 hours fm Green
wood: i -
Stmr Scotia, LundQUlst, 70 hours from San
dr...
Stmr Corona, Debney, C-". hours from San
Diego and way ports.
stair Aloha, Jorgensen, 11 hours from Point
Arena.
Schr Monterey, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr American Girl, Nilsen, 6 days from
Port Gamble.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, IS hours from
Rr.wens Landing.
Schr Nettle Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes .
SAILED.
Sunday, April 30.
Stmr Tillamook, Walvig. Coos Bay.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall. San Pedro.
Stmr Samoa, Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr President, Nelson, Prist. Bay.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Ney*. Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmon*!, Nanalmo.
Ship Occidental, Bennett, Seattle.
Hark Agate, Hanson, Nanaimo,
Schr Glendale, Johnson, Seattle.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS 30. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NW: velocity 20 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Cleone— 28, 4:30 p m— Off Cres
cent City, passed stmr Coquille River, bound
north, hence April 26 for Grays Harbor.
DOMESTIC 'UTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Apr 30— Schr
Bangor, from San Pedro for Port Gamble; ship
Spartan, from Seattle for San Francisco: hark
Sonoma, hence Apr 13 for Tacoma; ship M P
Grace, hence Apr 16 for Port Blakeley.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Apr Stmr Cottage City,
for Dyea: stmr Laurada, for Dyea; stmr Ho
mer, for . *
Arrived Apr 30— Stmr Excelsior, from Alaska.
EUREKA— Arrived Apr 30— Stmr Pomona, he
Apr 29.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Apr 30— Br ship
Anoyra. for Callao.
Arrived Apr 30— Schr Bangor, from San Pedro.
In port Apr 30— Ship Spartan, from Seattle
for San Francisco; Br ship Scottish Hills, frm
Port Blakeley, for Calcutta.
EUREKA Sailed Apr 30— Schr Allen A. for
San Francisco; schr Eva, for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Aor 30— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Apr 29, and sailed for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Apr 30— Stmr State of
California, hence Apr 28; schr Twilight, hence
Apr 12.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Apr 30— Schr Ban
gor, from San Pedro.
EUREKA— SaiIed Apr 30— Stmrs North Fork
and Fulton, for San Francisco.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Apr Stmr La Nor
mandle. from Havre.
HAVRE— Arrived Apr 30— Stmr La Touraine,
from New York.
/T^k. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
MtSj^aJ™ 025 KEABNY HT. Established
_SRflr ,n 3854 for the treatment of Prlvato
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABNY HT. Established
In 1884 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or j
K£Shsss!JSss» disease woaringon bodyandmindand
kSSSStsBS'S skiii Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low
t"^^_*s»____lH Curenffnarnnlerd. Callorwrite.
Ur. J. Sf. •GIBBON- Box 1357. Francisco
OCEAN TRAVEL.
HOLLAWAMScrUNE.
NEW YORK-ROTTERDAM. VIA Bou-
logne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
(8300), STATENDAM (10.500). First Cabin. $50
upward ; Second Cabin, $37.
Saloon steamers MAASDAM, SPAARNDAM
etc.. $37.
Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THOS. COOK & SON. Paclflc Coast Passenger
I Afieau, £21 Market Street, San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Sjw Steamers leave Broadway
; KHSs*.^ wharf, San Francisco:
i P_9__a_^fek. ' "" r Alaskan i»rt<*. 10 a. m.,
I P'uVi% ■ Mu - V ' 2 - 6 - v - 16 - -'• -''■■ Zl -
j ►■sj^sa_s"A=^ June 5; change at Seattle.
: |WftSW_Jßq For Victor; : '. Vancouver (B.
feS_2»-*ow_lM C-) - Port Townsend, Seattle,
r^^^£^£3jj|i Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
•.c •>. t 10 a - '" -- Mfl >" l ,; - '■'■ ''■ - 1
-h. 31 ; Juno 5, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N. P.
Ky. ; at Vancouver to C. P Ry
 For Eureka 'Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. May 4.
9. 14, 19, 24, 29; June 3. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. May 4. 8. 12, 16. 7". 24, 28;
June l. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only nt Port Har-
ford (San Luis OblsDO), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. May 2, 6. 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30; June 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
an I trnnrs of p.nllln".
TICKKT OFFICE - 1 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS <fc'CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF $12 ' irst Class Including Berth-?
I Mill. $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails April 23; May 3, 13, '23.
State of California sails April 28; May 8.
18. 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points ln the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. Genera] Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
.For
Golovln Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steamer
JOHN REILLY.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN. Master.
Will Sail on or About May 1.
For freight or passage apply to
B. COGAN, 44 East st.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mnil Steamships
Sail from New York Every Saturday for
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passajje, SSO and upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome. .fit."!. Other Steamers, $."_O.
Steerage Passage
Rome, $25.50. Furnessia. $21.50. Other
Strs., $23.50
For Book of Tours and information apply to
HENDERSON BROTH
General Agents, 7 Bowling Greer.. New Tork.
Or J. F. FUGAZI, 5 Montgomery St.,
Or L. F. COCKROFT, 111 Montgomery St.,
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New Montgomery St.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
AMERICAN LINE,
NEW FORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PART?. -
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis May 3TISt. Lo-.-ls May 24
Paris May 10 Paris May 31
St. Paul Mavl7|St. Paul June 7 i
RED STAR LINE.
New York nnd Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland May 3 I Westernland ....May 24 |
Friesland May 10 Kensington May 31 j
Southwark May 17lNoordland June 7
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas- '
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO k[semaTshT
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR- '
ncr First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and I
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for I
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARTT Saturday, May 6
HONGKONG MARU Thursday, June 1
NIPPON MARC Tuesday. June 27
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
Pf_ißSß_re__l The S. S. Australia
tifS&yfiL falls for Honolulu
£-»£«£«. Thursday, May 4, at
ly^V^S S. S. Moana sails
iIMfHSnID--' vla Honolulu and
lIUIIIIJIIIU Auckland for Sydney
(OlIlI_)3!Zfih Wednesday, May 17,
\W|II|UVJIM-J at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.: $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS, -^eaj*
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <JL_H__l^
from Pier 42. North River, foot of ■»^ =^_r;s_>
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE, May
6: LA CHAMPAGNE. May 13; LA BRETAGNE.
May 20; LA TOURAINE, May 27; LA GAS-
COGNE, June 3. First-class to Havre, $65 and
upward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre. $47* ; 10 per cent reduc-
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 8 Bowling
Green. New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.,
Paclflc Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San
Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a, m. '.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m. ;
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m '
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO. |
Telephone Main 805.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello." |
Mon.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a. j
m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays,
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m. j
Landing and office. Mission-street Dock, Pier :
No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE SOc j
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23, l.ua.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY ;
AND SAN RAFAEL-
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. »S:00. *9:30, 11:00 a. m.: !
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15. '6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *$:QO, •9:00, »10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, *1:45, »2:30, *4:00, 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to S'n Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays. !
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:40, 7:55, 8:40. »10:20
a. m.: 12:30. 2:15. »3:40. 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »S:00, »9:45. '10:45, »11:45
! a. m.; 1:00, 2:20. »3:30. '5:15, »6:00, 7:00, 10:15 ■
i p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. i
WEEK DAYS— 6:50, 7:55, 8:55. 10:35 I
| a. in.: 12:35, 2:45, 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
': and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:0_,
1:20. 2.40.,3:55. 5:30. 6:3'). 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 8. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns. !
8:20 p. in. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns. |
6:15 p. m week days (Saturdays excepted)— I
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way sta'ns. i
1:45 p. m. Sundays— PL Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY I
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1599.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and -:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving ln S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
: SUNDAYS. S. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. end 1:45, 2:30
and 4 p. m.
Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
i._ JHOS, COOK & SON. Afits.. &a Market ak j
RAILROAD TRAVEL. -b|
•»«. uii.K-s ruim « *__-.%> I.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trnlni leave iiml art* dv« to nrrlTe »•
NAN Fit A !*«<>.
(Main Line, Foot of .Market Street)
leave — From April 9, 1899. — arrivi
TkOOa Nilea San Jose and Way Stations... •B:4s__
7:«h>.\ Benicia, Suifiun and Sacramento 5:43?
■;:<»(>_ Marysville, OroTilleaud Redding via
Woodland • 5:45*
7:OOa Elcira, Vacaville end Runisey B:4Sp
7:;tO.\ Martinez, San it anion, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and .Santa Rosa <Isl3f
8:00» Atlantic Express, Ogdeu and Mast.. *:».■_»
SiltOA San Jose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placerville,
Marysville, Chico, Red Bind 4«l»p
»:30a •Milton, Oakdale and Sonora 4hlsp
9:0Oa Martinez. Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton.
Merced and Fresno l»llS»
»i«M»A Fresno, liakerslit-Ul. .Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles, Deming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East «.43»
I 0:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43»
I2:O0m Miles, Livermore, .Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Pcrterville 4it.w
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers *8:00f
Itliu. Martiuex, Ban Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, .Santa Rosa 9:19 a
4iOOr Benicia, Vacavlile, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysville, Oroville I«:49__
4 Op Niles, San Joseand Stockton 7il3p
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Cat for Raymond H:18»
s:OOl'The Owl. Fresno, l'aker_field, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles »:43*
«;stoop PsciHo Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East 48:454
3:30p Stockton, Merced, Fresno l*:l3p
3:30p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and l.os Angeles Bi43__
5:30p Santa Fu Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave an. l East «s43p
BiOOp Kuropean Mail, Ogden and East.... o:43i_
6:00p Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7i43a
•B:00_- Vullejo l»:18f
7iOOr Oregon ICxpreas, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Redding, rortland. Fnget
Sound and East 7:4»__
J8:OOp Vail, jo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tious 0:»«»
fl0:03p Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Augeies, El Paso, New Orleans
anil East 1 1 :43p
SAN LEAJUIIIO AND HAYWABDS LOCAL.
(Foot ol Market Street.)
1 Melrose, Seminary Park, f 6:434
8:00 a Kilchiii.rK, i.lntlnirst. .£0:1
tV:OOA Sati Lemiilro, South San _*0:45 a
lO.OOa Leandro. Kstudillo, 10:454
il 1.-OOa • Lorenzo, Cherry • 111 :43 a
<SittOp alll ] 12:43p
*'••* Ilajnards. {*««»
-:OOp i Rims through to Niles «!__._£
) t From Mies. ( '"'
AM DIVISION (Narrow Wange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JBj»3»
8: 13 a !eoterville,Ban Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz aud Way
Stations 5.50»
•3il3p Newark, Center7illo, San Jose, New
Almadeu, Feltou, Boulder (.'reek,
Sauta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations M0.30A
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 0 :20 A
64:15p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tiona /O:3O_L
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromS_:< FRANCISCO — Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:1*0 11:00 A.M. tl:00 *2:00 13:09
•4:00 t5:00 •6:03i , .m.
from (IiJLIND— PooI Bro»ilw»v.— "fi:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
.12:30 •1:00 t3:00 "3:00 14:00 «B:00p.1I.
COAST DIVISION (Broad flange).
(Third and Townsend .St..)
*6:IOa South San Francisco, •8:3»p
•7:OOa .San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) l:HOr
J7:SO v Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove aud
Principal Way Stations ;8:33y
OiOOa Sun Jose, Tres Finos, Hants Cruz,
Paeilic Grove. Pas i Unities, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4<lop
l«:JO . San Jose and Way Stations *8:00 A
19:30 a San Jose ami Way Stations 0:30p
*:_:-13i- .Shi: Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
Gilroy. Hollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Crove *lfl:3«A
•»:i»Op San .lose and Way Stations •!»:00a
•4tlsp San .lose Principal Way Stations 0:45 a
•3 :OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:3Oa
.->:,'[<>'• San Jose anil Principal Way Stations *M:33a
(i: :!(>!• San Joseand Way Stations 7:3<»p
til: 45 San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
A for Morning. 1' for Afternoon.
* Bundavn except* J Sunday only, x Saturdays only.
only. 'Saturday and Suitday.
/Sunday and Monday.
CALIFOENIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.'
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:SO, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:3 i,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Ext<«. trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. ;__.
BUND ATS— 9:30, 11:00 a. ill. 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SA_X FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ;-12:.5,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:56 and 6:35 p. m.
6UNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40 5:06,
6:25 p. m. ~
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Pari!
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. ,
. ■ April 16, J
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- Week 1
Days. days. Destination. days. Days. I
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pi 9:30 am] Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 anjj
6:10 pm 5:00 pm : Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pn»
Fulton, "j
7:30 am Windsor, 10:23 anl
Healdsburg-,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
1:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:29 pm
j 4 4
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 ana
3:30 pin 8:00 am Ukiah. ! 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami .0:25 ana
18:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pml 6:20 pm(
J
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and '
6:10 pm 5:00 pm. Glen Ellen, j 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am SO. am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pmi 5:00 pm | 7:35 pm 8:20 pnj
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Bprings; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop*
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
KelseyvllVe. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake*
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Sprlngß, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's.
Bucknell' Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville.
Boonevllle, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Wlllltts, Laytonvllle, Cum*
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka. :
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. l
On Sundays round trip tickets to all pointy
beyond San Rafael at half rates. '
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldft
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
.General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agents
California
. limited
Santa Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves Sari
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :30 P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob,
servation Car and Electrla
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dail*
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET BFFICE— MARKET St
TELEPHONE MAIN 15SL
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street
San Jose Office— West Santa Clan St.
THE SAN PRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1599, trains will run as follows!
South-bound. North-bound.
_ .—
passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. j Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd I Daily.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 ami 2:05 pin Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pra»
10:40 am 5:35 pm. Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pro Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am rsfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
'11:59 am 6:25 pin Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 i .m l 6:53 pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Offlce. 821 Mark*
, \_xeet_.-_aaa- Kf. ir i_lifi__r f~ - — ■ ■■* — - — jr.
78
THE OLYMPIC
TRY-OUT WAS A
GREAT SUCCESS
Wind and Rain No
Bar to Cycling.
PREPARING FOR RELAY RACE
ONLY FOUR TEAMS WILL CON
TEST THIS YEAR.
Thirty-Two Riders Go Over tho
Courses in the Mud Across
the Bay— The Re
sults.
The rain of yesterday did not prevent
the hardy road riders of the Olympic
and Bay City clubs from holding their I
last try-outs preliminary to the great an- ;
nual relay race.
The Olympics rode fourteen men over 1
the 10-mile triangle course, starting from
a point near San Leandro, while the Bay
Cltys put eighteen of their best and speed
iest over the five-mile course from San
Leandro to Haywards.
The rain, which commenced falling just !
as the club men reached San Leandro,
drenched the enthusiastic riders, their j
thin racing suits doing admirable service
at bathing apparel. But with the relay
race only two weeks in the future and
with the absolute necessity of picking out
men for the teams, mud and rain did not
daunt the hardy roadsters.
C. S. Myrick officiated as starter for
the Olympic race, the men starting two \
minutes apart and riding unpaced. The
summary Is as follows:
riace. Contestant. j Time, i
II R. O. Kragness ' 25:50
2 T. 11. White 23:11:02
3 E. A. B**zi.j 29:17:01
4 E. F. Kuss 29:42:02
5 Kd. McNess 29:45
6 George Fuller 30:01
7 T. H. Anthony 30:24:04
S George Kroetz 30:26:02
9 H. S. Bailey 30:38:03
10 George Tantau 30:52
11 K. A. Henderson 31:36:01
12 Eddie Adams 31:50
13 Joe LanKley 33:26:01
14 |Lont .<mith 34:16:01
The Bay City Wheelmen had eighteen
starters in their race and all finished,
though Robert Black sustained a fall.
Kniil Fahrbach acted as referee. The ,
times and positions of the men at the i
finish were recorded as follows:
Place. Contestant. i Time.
II I. R. Lind ] 13:38
2 74
3 E. Reynaud 14:06:01
4 R. Robinson 13:58
B C. L. Langley 14:09:01
6 F. BOHCkman 14:00:01
7 Ivan Treadwell 14:02:01
8 H. Phillips 14:48:01
9 L Draper 14:44:02,
10 H. Hennin.; 14:3*:01
11 T. d Wells 15:00:02
12 J. Kelley I 14:01:01
113 L. Dezert I 14:40:01
14 J. Warren 14:45
15 I. Chapman 16:17:03
16 E. Hofen ; 15:05:03
17 W. Stevens j 14:58:04
IS E.Fleming i 14:44:03
Captain Agnew of the Acme Wheelmen
of Oakland had a little try-out for a few
of his men, reversing '.he usual order of
things and riding from San Leandro to
High street, thus taking' advantage of the
wind, though not escaping the rain.
Boy Whitson. a new rider from the
East, ls expected to do much for the
Acme team in the relay.
It is now a definite fact that there will
be but four teams in the race this year — 1
the Olympic, Bay City, Acme and Garden
City. ■ _r= I
DEWEY DAY AT THE RACES.
Seven Well-Filled Events on the Pro
gramme at Oakland.
Seven races are on the card for decision at
Oakland to-day. The special features are the
Dewey and May Day handicaps.
The entries are as follows:
First Race— Futurity course; selling; four
year-olds and upward.
1010 McPryor 107 (1046lAlumlnum 107
920 El Salado 105 (1035) Pat Murphy. ...lu7
1017 Flacon 110; 1022 Sleepy Jane 105
1057 I Don't Kn0w. .1071 1048 Bessie Lee 110.
1028 /■mil 107 1048 Major Cook 107
932 Formella 105 1(1026) Widow J0ne5.. .105
948 Pel* tto ll2|
Second Race — Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
maidens.
1029 Glissando l ft 1029 Champion Rose 95
1049 The Buffoon.... 99 ... San Tomas 118
1049 Pythla 107: 1029 Palapa toi
1041 Bogus Bill 114 1016 May Gertrude. .111 '
1034 Moana 103; ... Norford US
758 I:.- rd 110 1041 Belle of P. A.. .106
1028 Tanobe 9.*. 1029 Big Horn 98
964 Slsquuc 10_| 1000 Aborigine 103'
Third Race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds; '
Belling.
618 Xilgar 117 879 Master Lee 114 1
1052 Chispa 112 860 May L 112
'.*92 Peach Blossom. 112 1052 Sylvan Lass 112
1052 Bid Mc 112 630 Wheat King. ...117
... Vlncltora 112 977 Ed Lanlgan 114
1037 Stone L 114 1040 Florence Fink..
1040 Noma 112 1040 Gold Baron 114
941 Strombollta ....112 992 Llmatus 112
Fourth Race— One and a quarter miles; Dewey
Handicap; $500.
1045 New Moon .2 1048 Ad. Spreckels..
1027 Torslda 98: 947 Sardonic ... 94
1014 Recreation SO; 1053 Dr. Hernav-*.... 97
1056 Rapido 80 '1 H9)Meri i s 103
(1073)Castake .... 96, 1013 Olinthus 102
1043 Roslnante .. 10Sj 1056 Alvero 60
Cavallo 86 1019 Gauntlet ... 98
Fifth Race— One mile; May Day Handicap.
1043 Satsuma 118 1025 Einstein 85
10S1 Wyoming 103! 973 Dare II S3
1013 Joe man 110 j 1025 Rosormonde ...103
995 Storm King. ...1071 (911)Rey del Tierra. lls
(lo4s)Kingmaster .... 92
Sixth Race- One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
1030 Tom Cromwell. 106 1053 Bernardino ....103
1051 Wyoming 107 1037 Whaleback 90
1026 Plan 103 1057 Alicia 101
(105if)Ca stake 103 1032 Earl Cochran.. 103
962 Don Vallejo.. ..103 (1057)Horatlo 106
1003 Los Medanos...loo 1037 Faversham .... 86
Seventh Race Futurity course; four-year
olds; Felling.
1042 Novla 1071 1089 Bliss Rucker...ll2
1"22 Judge Stouffrr.ll2 1015 Pongo 112
1010 Graclas 107 1050 P. A. Flnneganll2
1027 Dolor*. 109 1015 Fleming 109
(1 ; »Moi rito 107! 1048 Henry C 112
1046 Defender ill 296 Valenclenne ...107
924 Loch Ness 1151 1046 Magnus 109
884 Rtcardo ill
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Pelxotto, El Salado, Widow
Jones.
Second Race— May Gertrude, Pythla, Glls
"eando.
Third Race— Ed Lar.igan, Master Lee, Sylvan
Ln R.
Fourth Race— Rosinante, Adolph Spreckels,
Torslda.
Fifth Race— Satsuma, Joe Ull man, Rey del
Tierra.
Sixth Castake, Plan. Rernardlllo.
Seventh Race— Valencienne, Mocorito, Bliss
Rucker. ;£H_J___
. ♦ ■
CAPITAL PRIZES I
Original Little Beneficcnciu Publics Co. '
of Snii Francisco. Cal.
No. 4.1.7-7 wins first capital. $3750. No. 11.280
Wiri3 second capital, $1250. No. 23.375 wins thirl
capital. ?625. Nos. 3861, 30,679. 65.031, 66,462 and
75,003 each draw*. $62 50. All prises cashed in
full, without discount, at room 617, 328 Mont
gomery street, San Francisco, Cal. • |
■ ♦ •
Most Powerful Cruiser. j
LONDON, April 30.— The first class
cruiser Drake, the first keel plate of
which was laid at Pembroke Dockyard '
the other day, will be, according to ex
perts, the heaviest and most powerful
cruiser afloat, and this Is only one of four |
of the same class not yet on the stocks for j
the .British navy. |.
LIST OF FRIZES.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
OF THE—
LOTTERY
BENEFIGEIi PUBLIGA.
BENEFICED PUBLIC!
The 123 d ordinary monthly drawing, class D,
drawn in the City of Mexico on April 27, 1899.
Special Notice The public Is cautioned to
beware of concerns claiming to operate lot-
teries ln the City of Mexico or at any other
point in the Republic of Mexico, as all such
concerns are fraudulent. The Lottery of the
Beneflcencla Publlca is the only one authorized
and indorsed by the Mexican National Govern-;
ment. Beware of spurious Imitations and see
that all tickets are signed by A. Castillo.
Intervenor, and U. Bassettl, Manager, as none
others are genuine.
! No. Prize Xo. Prize.. No. Prize.
15 1001 63 20 71 40
109 201 142 100 1 237 20
_.. 21l 360 40; 808 40
515 20 582 20 733 40
1004 40 1308 20 1366 20
1565 40 1594 40, 1748 70
■17.71 40, 2263 20: 2333 40
2350 20| 2370 20 1 2363 20
2469 20| 2518 20, 2541) 20
2741 4.| .-• 20; 3161 40
3409 20; 3144 20 3477 100
8490 IOO; 3763 20, 3561 1000
3872 4' 8888 40, 3926 40
3957 100, 4050 40 4178 100
4340 100, 4359 20, 4446 4U
4479 20; 4535 20; 4598 200
4047 20 4709 20 4332 100
5013 20 1 6216 4.. 5279 20
5296 20 5324 20; 5351 20
6383 4. 5460 40 5462 200
5485 20, 5487 20, 5674 40
6796 20| 5535 20 5840 40
5867...'. 40 5860 100 6085 40
6474 20 6651 40, 6603 20
6665 40, 6715 20 6770 20
6802 40) 6803 20, 6869 40
6361 100, 7058 100 1 7111 20
7220 20 1 7403 20 7507 40
7600 20; 7684 200 1 7633 40
7756 20j 7*38 ... 20, 8116 100
8161 20, 8309 20 8336 40
M 65 40; 8480 4.' 8558 20
8631 20| 5306 20| 3006 40
9020 40 9159 100 3233 40
3385 20, 9423 100 9442 40
3501 200; 9535 40) 9562 20
3535 100; 9655 20; 9704 20
3862 2" 9368 4-' 3906 20
'.'.'42
10057.....".. 100 i 10141 10422 20
10475 40,10477 20,10494 40
10673 20;1"334 20,10-61 20
11031 20;ll(i53 11096 40
11139 20,11223 20J11242 100
11256 20,11230 20000,1153S 40
11683 20JU963 4.i 11985 20
12010 2 ■ 12228 4. 12275 20
12280 40,124.1 40,12561 20
12603 100,12731 20 12S11 20
1»S20 20:12101 20)13173 40
13253 20 ; 13373 40)13113 '-'
13425 13433 7" 17.- 20
12580 20113668 40 13637 20
13846 40 13371 13875 4.1
13839 2" in '10 40|13933 ... 20
14027 20,14062 4 . 14J14 20
14234 14332 20114510 20
14536 21 L 46. 4. 14731 20
1486-1 20,14331 20 15056 100
15141 20|15189 40 15197 20
15254 40,15271 20,15421 20
15473 20,15577 20)15639 2"
15662 200 15875 20 16038 100
16200 20|16637 20)16646 20
17037 2011704S 40 17101 4 .
17132 40 1717;* 17125 100
.627 20 1774 4 .
17577!;!!".!:! 40 17581!!!!!!!! 4" 170.7.' 21
17701 20 17714 100,17754 100
17366 40,17371 20,17380 7 I
.... 20 1— 7 200 15204 20
ibm.b!!!!!! ioo'is„3_b ! iooi.siho ... +1
13140 100:18472 20,18556 40
13592 20 '■■_! 20:18689 40
1.673 18682 40J15709 20
18850 loo'ilSMO 200|19057 20
13107 2019132 20,19361 100
19370 - 1 1401 40 1 1431 500
13446 100,19459 40,19528 40
19609 40)19801 4019814 40
20248 20-20262 60. 1.20323 2-1
20326 40 20462 20,20640 20
20063 40,20740 10V2.70'. 40
2*lBl 7.7; 20.210.S 40
21126 20 21142 * 20.21237. 40
21414 10021461 2.0,215.73 ■■■ 40
21593 4022319 20 22336 20
22163 2022467 2012246. 100
27743 20,23122 40 23204 20
2326. 20123272 20,23375 10000
23518 20 23635 20123708 20
23733 40 ! 23812 20|23J63 2 '
_4_"._ 20J24420 ■;.-!-■■
100 24D34 20i24C0_
2465s!!!!!!!! 100:24553 2027.048 20
25050 40 25090 100 25i i;*.". 20
2 _:_: ■ 20|254:-S 40
40 2567)7 7 ■ 236G1 20
26o;;b! !!!!!!! 4o i ,_6i6_!!!.!!!! 2012623:* !. 40
26370 2" 26374 40 26554 20
2 26830 40 27 _• 20
27035!!!!!!!! ! .7141 !!..!.! 20 27240...!...! 20
27259 .7116 4012740*1 .... 2'
27607 10.1-27613 20)27702 20
27771' 20,27353 202.053 20
5327 2 -• • : 100
. • 2 1 . 10]2»42S 20
2S524!!!!!!!! 4-123540!!!!!!!! 4-.;_s:._8!!!!!!!! 100
28572 20128623 ... 40 2S6SS 20
28790 100128831 20007 20
29260 20129321 2 ; ' -.7-4 20
29652 20)23776 20 29777 40
29792 ..... 100
80366 100:30567 20 30877 20
30914 4031039 40.31181 20
31201 2031312 2031390 ,20
31467 4031471.. 40131619 100
31653 7 1833 20.31537 20
31369 2013200*1 4032124 20
£2214 10032232 20 32272 20
32326 2" 32339 20 '..\y 40
32506 20,32528 600:32610 40
32672 20 32721 20 32735 20
82820 20133101 2" 33117 2.
33330 20133517 20 33752 20
33823 2033837 4083899 20
33917 4033924 20133987 *40
34015 20134119 2034133 20
34189 40134291 40134574 20
34605 100 34611 20:34339 20
34874 8035105 20135251 20
35415 2035665 20)35744 40
5...3 20035964 20 604 20
36160 100:36166 2036196 20
36236. 20 36313 20 36334 20
36389 2036456 600136435 20
36679 10C>)!3671S 41 36904 40
36915 20136957 100-37020 40
37115 20137165 2037188 20
37317 3742? 40,37441 20
37.32 20137680 40)37086 40
37787 2037520 2037846 4.
37926 4038034 100 33051 20
35159 20138287 20 35204 40
38404 20138455 20 38538 4.
38678 1 • 5917 500)39052 40
31.270 100139333 100139390 21
39451 39659 1C0 '3.634 20
39820 40 39849 40,39550 40
39991 20
40039 20 40169 40 40197 7"
40348 40 40434 20:40466 40
40481 2040657 20140701 2.
40719 100 40816 1 41171 40
4123S 2041363 2041368 40
41377 41424 20 41476 600
41526 40,41543 20 41694 100
41708 2041835 100:42032 40
42344 2042369 20142791 20
43209 43330 100143387 60000
42392 20,43436 20)43484 20
43541 2048709 20 43817 40
44103 4044317 20 4440S 100
44416 2044558 40 44569 20
44595 2044621 40144769 20
44833 20144862 200144904 2*l
44935 20 44998 40 4500S 20
45038 100 471717 20145360 ... 40
45367 2046881 *:. "i 40
45651 2046820 40 45858 20
45305 20 45927 2043969 40
46012 40 46101 ....... 40 4*7271 20
46620 20 46820 100146534 2o
46955 I'm 47725 40 47856 20
47882 20145140 40:48151 20
48182 10048174 20 45223 20
45504 40 48827 20014585S ... 20
48992 40149033 100J49129 40
40130 20 40151 40[4917S 40
49211 40140310 2049535 20
4.53*3 2049539 4049084 40
49762 2049899 100 49987 40
4994. 20149961 20
60097 40150008 50213 800
7102 2" 50417 20 l 50453 20
50476 200)50530 4050708 20
60754 40 50820 100 60829 40
60547 40 50904 600 50952 40
60959 20 51010 20 51 •".. 100
51081 . .1261 2061331 40
51337 2051417 10051473 20
51602 2051532 200 51673 20
61754 40 .moo'; 20,52040 log
62177 20 52205 40 52373 20
52380 2052446 80 62482 100
62566 4052672 20,52666 2'
62689 40 527 40 52736 40
62881 8068897 4063089 2"
63229 20 53251 20 53375 20
63430 53503 20 63572 20
63688 53695 100 53761 80
6353S 63998 20 54110 40
54127 40 54151 40 64241 40
54471 20,34657 20 54716 20
64898 4054925 20154933 COO
66031 1000 55053 407550.5e 40
65434 40 55645 20 55674 41
65735. ....... 4055790 200|..6560....>... 20
65961 20156033 2056092 20
56131 40156156 40 66208 100
66291 100 '56317 20 5633S 20
56357 2056410 40156447 20
66555 80066868 100156719 40
66798 2056813 40156845 40
57017 20167024 80157034. J1... 20
67207 20 57250 100157265 20
67597 20 577 75 20157536 20
67854 8067875 40 57922 20
58094 40165102 20158299.... 40
58386 2058498 20 68803 ' 20
SSSSI 40168898 4058899 2 00
69057 20 50071 2059119 45
69307 80J69618 20
C 0196 2060283 40'6033l 20
60483 4060456 8060498 2*
00524 20 60749 80180794..' to
U0842 2' v oO.ll 20160932 ' ,
ClOl7 2016115S 20161235 40
61255 80161847 100161397 20
CI4SR 40:61551 80161806 20
61697 40161788 20 61033 40
61035* 2061064 100!62I30 100
62170 2062199 100162200 40
-62293 • 20J62335 100 62372 20
THE SA^ FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAT 1, 1899.
LIST OF PRIZES.
No. Prize.|No. Prize. Prize.
62394 20162513 40162544 20
62569 2062653 20;62934 10")
C 3040 20 63091 40 63254 20
63322 2063408 20163461 20
63468 20163531 40,63840 40
6400S 40,64149 40 64200 20
64263 100,64305 40 64355 20
64400 40 64525 2064691 40
65025 200165226 20-65277 20
65297 40 65361 40 63359 40
65413 100 65452 100:65462 20
65483 600. 65763 20,65542 40
65844 2065837 20,66010 20
66127 100.663 >1 40 66462 1000
68479 2068489 20 65530 40
66618 20 6664S 40166852 20
073-4 40 67601 40 67710 40
67762 67838 20|67951 20
C 7953 . . 40168292 20168330 20
68623 ... -- 40168739 20
68745 40168791 40 68815 40
Cs93o » 68941 406001. 20
6:i036 20 69139 20169187 20
69277 4 . 69400 40 60172 40
89478 100169529 20:69580 20
69688 . 69814 40169923 40
69939 ... 20,69989 40
70275 2070327 20 70445 40
7 701 2070729 40170780 40
70943 4070939 40 70994 40
7109S 2071185 20 71487 100
71191 t00;71C35 4.. 71685 20
71962 40:72043 72486 200
72554 40 12588 20 72574 100
72895 20 73036 20 73078 20
73087 20 73182 47 73323 20
73762 100 73827 40t73591 40 I
71070 I 74050 100 74082 100
74180 20174209 100 74225 40
74243 74346 20,74624 20
74731 20174763 20174864 40
73003 1000176110 20175267 20
75414 20175424 20175683 20
75783 20175817 100175975 100
76359 40176488 100176555 20
76660 100176764 20J76752 40
76806 200:717833 40 76938 200
77010 20177026 40 77107 20
77317 77.-..-.;. 40 77532 20
77659 40 77857 2077969 40
78112 2078126 40 78384 20
753"3 40178463 100 78565 40'
i 78630 10078731 100178776 20
78943 40 78959 20178985 20
79039 20179095 20179222 100
79448 20179516 40179914 20
73967 40 79990 20 J
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 43337 to 43437 Inclusive, be-
ing: 50 numbers on each Bide of the number
i drawing capital prize of .60,000— 560.
100 numbers from 11230 to 11330 inclusive, be-
: Inr 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $20,000— 540.
100 numbers from 23325 to 23425 Inclusive, be-
ir.tr 50 numbers on each side of the number
• drawing capital prize of $10.000— 520.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
799 numbers ending with 87, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $60,0*30— 520.
793 numbers ending with SO, being the last
i two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $20,000— $20.
! No. 43.^7 draws first capital prize of $60,000,
sold In New York City and Mexico City.
No. 11280 draws second capital prize of $20,000,
sold In Xew York City and Mexico City.
No. 23375 draws third capital prize of $10,000,
Bold in Beaumont. Tex.
Nop. 3861, 36679. 55031, 66462 and 75003 draw each
$l,.fV> sold in Acapulco, ilr... New York City,
Mexico City. Pt. Louis. Mo., Mexico City, San
Francisco. Cal.. New York City, Kansas City,
Mo., nd Havana. Cuba.
The regular monthly drawing No. 124. with
capital prize of $60,000, will take plane on May
25, 1899. Wholes, $4: halves, $2: quarters, $1:
eighths, 50 cents: sixteenths. 25 cents. United
States money. ANTONIO PEREZ,
For the Treasury Department.
U. BASSETTI, Manager.
APOLIXAR CASTILLO, Intervenor.
Prizes Cashed at 35 New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, Cal
LOTTERY DRAWING
KENTUCKY
LOTTERY.
PRIZES FOR THE
MONTH OF APRIL
. Were Decided by the Drawings of "The Cana-
dian Royal Art Union,"
DRAIA/IN SIN PUBLIC
SATURDAY, April 29th,
! At 233 and 240 ST. JAMES ST.. MONTREAL.
FIRST SIX PRIZES,
DRAWN AS FOLLOWS:
First 88,268 $15,000
Second 27,685 4,000
Third 4,603 2,000
Fourth 61,333 1,000
Fifth 26,010 500
Sixth 22,220 500
I Prizes cashed in full at ROOM 570. EM-
PORIUM BUILDING.
HOTEL ARRIVALS. I
GRAND HOTEL.
C M Hidden, Wash IR G Whitlock, Mo
It Weldcn, San Pedro J W Bowen, Los Ang
Mrs D J Shaw, Waseca A Orlila. Arizona
I. Lodet, France W Laidsburg, Arizona I
A Joupt, France D S Wllber, Sn Diego
M Mallet, Paris W E Lindsay, Carson
A. Bodes ir, Forest Hill C J Crocker & w, Cal
J T Coleman, NY IS Marks. Oroville
Miss M Dixon. Sacto L L Green, Oroville
I A Ruble, Sacto C Thomas & fn;, Cal
II X Thomas, San Jose I C H Sliively, Oroville
li C Rambo. Oregon W Moody. Grldley
C M Wooster, San Jose J J Stephens, Woodlnd
1 Bldwell, 1! lsburg W Wines, Truckee
1 ■; Whittlngton, Ala G n Can- & w. Sacto
I B Woods, X V Miss ll M Rucker Sac
F s Robinson, NY W C Elsemore, Eureka
J Smith. Cal Mrs Lamberson, ChlcajS
G T Barber, Cal G D Graham, Fresno
W I' Marks, CniclnnatllJ W IVnler, Mexico
E G Yates, Dubuque |H Baker, Los Ang
W II Colby, Dubuque Miss A Douglass Cal
17 ;: Briggs, Gridley P A Snell. Salt Lake
Mrs E C Gordon, ChicalA McNeill, <\.l
Mi»-s 17 Gordon, Chicag, Mr & Mrs Rutte, S Jose
J Schollers, Ls Ang 5 Walley &w, Mavtleld
W F Nash, Lis Ang Mrs M A Adams, Cal
Mrs J - Charles, . lal |a J Power, Colusa
V Drummond, Cal |A L P French. Sacto
R Pico & w, Ls Ang C D Brown, X V
Dr L Buck & w. Port 1.1;
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs M Liebmann, Cal Mrs 1} W Tlnnerman,
F O Schneider, S Jose ( x V
Mrs Schneider, S Jose Master Tlnnerman, NY
F T Osgood, Colo Miss Tlnnerman, N V
Mrs J BMi Cune, Mass: J F M re X V
J D Works, I. Ang |\V D Shea,' N V
J W Hughes, Sacto ■'■ Prowley, Memphis
A I' Levy, X V R J Gibson. USA
EC Walker, Canada H O Mingsley, Ariz
Mrs Walker, Canada Mrs FI. Freeman, DC
Ml** Robins, Canada Miss E Sills, DC
II l J Waterman, Colo C Hutchlns, Boston
E H Hill. NY R c Cranston, Colo
Mrs E 11 Hill, X V W Bry. Berlin
'1 Beusdorf, Holland ill C Davis, USA
F B Williams. X J s M Strife, U S x
Mrs B U Munroe, Mass 17 Waltmann X _
Miss Munroe. Mass R It Rogers, X V
Miss M E de F Carey, Mrs X R Rogers, N V
NY 1; R Bi ak, Chicago
C Robinson, X V Mrs Boak, Chicago
F II Baldwin, X V HI W Newby Reno
L 1. Li rillard Jr, x V OB Finn. Cal
.1 Speyer & v. N V H G Lander, Nev
Mrs .1 Speyer, X V II Ii Pitcher, Cal
.1 B Peafies, s Cruz Ii Henderson, Cal
A S Hays, DC C C Block, 1' S X
S Dalzell. Pa .1 F Bowers, U S N
F W Wadsworth Jr, <E <; Yates, 111
DC |W II Colby, 11l
R Smith, Or IE Hale. Me
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J D Shunck, Mich A Bertram, New York
;■ ll King. Los Ang T King, Boston
W Rareff, Buffalo II A King, Ogden
I? A Moulter, Los Ang G A Johnson, X V
I Bishop. Grass Valley J Bishop, Grass Valley
G C Finger. Oregon ;i Nicholas, Nevada
J F Jackson, San Jose 111 Morse & w, Chicago
.1 Smith, Stockton \2 M Thompson Chicag
_-apt .1 J Shei, Sn Dieg|.V Storey, Chicago
1 Mulroy, pJlistoga II M Babbitt &w, 111
I Donovan.' New York !
». ♦ .
I Sunday's Handball Sports. i
The play at Ryan's handball court, 85S
Howard street, yesterday, was fully up
to the usual standard of previous days.
Many new entries were made for the
day's play, as many had to be refused
because they were not In time to get their
names on the much coveted sheet held by
Professor Kiordon.
The following are the scores:
M. Maguire and T. Clements defeated W. Has
sell and M. McClure. Score: 21—11, 9—21,
21 15.
J. Dowllng and B. Clements defeated M. Mc-
Clure and T. Clements. Score: 21—17, 13—21,
21—14.
D. Rodgers and M. McNeil defeated G. Mc-
Donald and M. McDonald. Score: 21—19, 12—
21. 21-10.
P. Herrin and M. J. Stokes defeated J. Casey
and P. Foley. Score: 21— S, 11 21, 21—13.
A. McVicker and J. Condon defeated A.
Smith and T. Lydon. Score: 21—17, 12—21,
21—18.
M. Maguire and D. Regan defeated E.
Murphy and J. Kirby. Score: 21—12, 16—21,
21—13.
R. Housman and M. Kirby defeated E. Barry
and T. Foley. Score: 21-9. 11—21. 21—19.
L. Ltnehan and E. Maloney defeated M. J.
Kilgallon and J. Harlow, bcore: 21—16, 19—21,
21—14.
J. Condon and R. Hussey defeated F. Smith
and T. Lydon. Score: 21—15. 20—21, 21—2.
R. Linehan and M. J. Kilgallon defeated J.
C. Nealon and A. Hampton. Score: 21—19,
14—21, 21—17.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franclaco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
nntll 12 o'clock every night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Cl 5 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Commandery No. 16. K. .*.
T., Golden Gate building, 625 Sutter *J^!«
st.— Stated assembly THIS EVENING, ff^
at 8 o'clock. Election of officers. All MMn
fraters are courteously invited. w
CHARLES L. ' PATTON. Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal ■
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. wJeV_
Business and M. M. degree. /s_«rV
OCCIDEXTAL Lodge Xo. 22, F. and A. a
M.— Stated meeting THIS .MONDAY) jk,
EVENING, at 8 o'clock. By order ofW.3?
the W. M. r^T\
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
HERRMANN Lodge No. 127. F. r.nd A. •
M.— Stated meeting THIS DAY CMON- ____>k_-
DAY). May 1, 1_99. at 8 o'clock p. m. XX '<
By order of the W. M. . /▼' !
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.. *
will assemble at the Masonic Temple. IV
on TUESDAY, the 2d, at 2 p. m.. to at- V
tend the funeral of our late brother, i^y^
E. C. MOORHEAD, of Bates Lodge No. 33,
F. and A. M. # West Virginia. Funeral com-
mittees are Invited.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
THE regular monthly __-tf__-|__.. l -r>^_
meeting of the Society iCWJSF^HSffIv
of California Pioneers >%jKßSM___PtrS_*^
will be held at Pioneer Vi&^^^S^SSw
at 8 o'clock. R. a! **^*f- JHUr XJ
Thompson Esq. will address the members. A
full attendance is requested.
J. I. SPEAR, Secretary.
ST. ANDREW'S Society— meet- - *^f ■».
ing THIS (MONDAY) -EVEN- A. iXJiJ
ING. at Scottish Hall, 117 Lar- 'fiKJUDC
kin st. Members and friends in- ~iC%
vlted. JAMES S. WEBSTER, President.
A. R. PATTERSON', Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from E. H. Adams, in the Gold Bug
mine, near Clipper Mills, Butte County, to I
deposit tailings in Grizzly Creek; from John
McCollum, In the Santa Rosa placer mine, in
Mohawk Valley, Plumas County, to deposit
tailings ln Sulphur Creek, and from the
Plumas Development Company, in the Yankee
Hill mine, near La Porte, Plumas County, to
deposit tailings in St. Louis Ravine, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
69. Flood building, San Francisco, CaL, on
May 15, 1899, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., San
Francisco. Cal., on TUESDAY, the 9th day
of May, 1899, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of eelcttng a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books will
close on Friday, April 2«, 1899, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
Office. 327 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. 1). ISOO, at eleven o'clock in the
forenoon of said day. at the principal place of i :
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market st., In the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California: that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and |
act upon the proposition that said Company j
create a bonded indebtedness of two million ;
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00), In '
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company: and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
rirv.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE partnership heretofore existing between
W. WITTLAND and S. J. BRYAN, commis-
sion merchants, has been dissolved this day.
May 1, W. WITTLAND continuing the same.
PILES— FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external, Internal or protruding
piles wlti out fail, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devisadero st., near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up; ;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
EMPLOYMENT 0 1-1 ICES.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years: tel. Main 1997. Bradley & Co.. 610 Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
GERMAN girl, good cook and houseworker; 3
years' references; country preferred. Address
or telephone MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG woman with a child; strong and will-
ing: wages no object. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
NEAT German girl desires situation; cooking
and housework; 4 years last place; small
family. MISS CULLEN, 326 Sutter St.
WANTED— A situation by an American woman
as working housekeeper or housework. Call
or add. W.. I'ost-st.. candy kitchen, 612 Post.
COMPETENT girl for general housework in
American family; city reierence. Call at 1212
Scott st.
Nil i: young German girl would like situation
for light housework and plain cooking; wages
17.. 998 Sanchez St., phone Blue 1257.
YOUNG woman wants a position as working
housekeeper. 17 Boston place, oft First st.,
between Folsom and Harrison.
COMPETENT girl; good cook; lived ln Jewish
family; best of references. 631 Larkin st. ;
telephone Sutter 72.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day,
washing, ironing or housecleanlng. 711 Minna.
LADY of 20 years' experience from kinder-
garten to normal desires a situation as day
governess. Box 316, Call office.
YOUNG lady desires position as stenographer;
thoroughly experienced; references from last
place; salary moderate. Box 127, Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the" day washing and
ileanlng. Box ?22. Call.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper: or will do
sewing at home. 150 Fourth st., room 12.
TWO capable women from the East wish posi-
tions as cook and second girl In family; best
of references. Call or address 33 Rincon pi.
WOULD like to have plain sewing and mend-
ing. Please call at 126 Fourth St., room 15.
YOUNG woman wishes position as working
housekeper; home more or an object than
high wages. Address box 200, Call office.
SWEDE girl; quiet; experienced cook; house-
work; city references. 761% Howard st.
YOUNG girl wlßhes position for second work
in private family. Call at 37S Hayes st.
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
dressing. Apply room 40*), Examiner bldg.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class cut-
ter and fitter, will go out by the day; can
make a suit in 1 day. 223 Grant aye.
POSITION wanted by experienced stenog-
rapher and typewriter: reference given: will
furnish machine if necessary. Address box
114, Call office.
LADY would like to go East as nurse or com-
panion lor fare. Box 117, Call offlce.
YOUNG lady desires position as housekeeper.
29 Grant aye., rooms 4 and 5.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
11 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; nil kinds
• help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE employmt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary st.; tel Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
SITUATION wanted by young man about place;
good horseman; can milk or other kind of
work; best city reference. HENRY ANDER-
SEN, 219 Kearny st.
GARDENER, middle-aged, flrst-class ln all its
branches, horses, etc.. will work for nice
family for small wages; flrst-class city refer-
ences. Gardener, box 120, Call offlce.
BOY. 18, would like to learn glove trade. Ad-
dress box 125, Call office. - £.
. SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
DURING evening a Japanese desires to work
as a waiter or washing dishes for his board
and lodging; wages no object. Address box
ISS, Call office.
WATCHMAKER and Jeweler, experienced,
steady, 37. desires employment; town or coun-
try references. Address box 207, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS French cook for restaurant,
steady man, with references, wants position
ln city or country; understands any style or
short orders; wages moderate. 211% Polk st.
BY draughtsman, engineers' or surveyors'
maps, plans, etc.; good mathematician; rapid
letterer: competent in field or office. Box
211, Call office.
COACHMAN— Position wanted by a competent,
reliable Englishman; understands gardening;
can milk. Address box 208. Call offlce.
STRONG boy wants work with carpenter; one
year experience. Address box 209, Call office.
YOUNG man familiar with machinery desires
employment. Address box 181, Call.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
COOK, German family, $30 per month; cook,
Sausalito, $35 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
PROTESTANT nurse, grown children. $20 per
month; nurse, 1 child, $20 per month; nurse,
$15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
15 HOUSEWORK girls, $20 and $25 per month;
S young girls to assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRL to assist In kitchen, $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
2 WAITRESSES, hotel, city. $20 each; waitress
for country. $25 per month; waitress, sleep
home. $20 per month; 2 waitresses, restaurant,
$4 and $5 per week. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
LADY'S maid, $30 per month; English pre-
ferred. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
WOMAN with a child, $15 per month; country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
3 GERMAN second girls. $20 and $25 per month;
housework, Ross Valley, $20, Fruitvale $20.
Sausalito $20 per month, Modesto $20, Healds-
burg $25, San Jose $20. and other towns.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK and sleep home, $15 per month;
second work, Menlo Park. $15 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN nurse, 1 child 5 years old, $15 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COMPANION to an old lady and do light work.
San Leandro, $10 per month. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. PHONE GRANT ISS
WE WANT TO-DAY (MONDAY)
Take notice: Waitresses for Santa Cruz
Springs and other resorts, you must be ready
to go at short notice; 2 waitresses, country
hotel, $25; 2 waitresses, Portervllle, $20, fare
paid; waitress, Gait. $20, fare paid; waitress,
Fresno, $25; chambermaid to wait, Marysville,
$20; 4 waitresses, city. $20; 2 arm waitresses,
$20; 8 chambermaids who can wait at dinner,
$20: woman cook, country, $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, San Mateo, $25; housegirl. Redwood.
$20; housegirl. Sausalito, $25; 10 German and
Swedish houseglrls for city, $25; 30 girls of
all nationalities for rooking and housework
in city and country, $12 to $15. C. R. HAN-
-7 SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK, sanitarium, $30, short distance: wait-
ress. Institution, $15. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child as housekeeper, $10;
young girl to assist. $12. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to work part of the
day and sleep home, $10. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
HOUSEGIRL for American family of 3. $20;
Irish housegirl, $26. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
SECOND girl, $20; chambermaid. $13; cook. $25;
middle-aged woman, country, $20. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
50 YOUNG girls for housework, wages $25; a
number of young girls to assist, wages $15; a
number of flrst-class ranch cooks. MISS
DILLON, 315 Sutter st. ; phone Main 801.
3 GIRLS for housework, small American fami-
lies, $20 and $25; upstairs girl. $20: 2 cooks,
$25; infant's nurse, $25. MRS. HIRD, 631
Larkin st.
WANTED— An experienced upstairs girl; must
have best of reference. Apply between 10
and 12 a. m. at 811 Van Ness aye.
BUTTONHOLE girls and finishers and oper-
ators wanted. Box 213. Call.
WANTED— GirI to assist in general housework.
1217 Webster st.
GIRLS — Experienced operators on bag work.
11l Clay st.
GIRL for shooting gallery. 424 Dupont st.
SKIRT and waist hands wanted at 1407 La-
gun-, st.
WANTED — A finisher on custom coats; steady
work. 40 Ellis st., room 62.
BUTTONHOLE worker on vests. 753% Market
st., room 9. i
WANTED— A good reliable German girl for
general housework; must also speak English;
reference wanted. Call at 3577 Twentieth St..
near Valencia.
WANTED Experienced shirt operators; best
prices: steady employment. EAGLESON &
CO., 535 Market st.
WANTED— Five competent young ladles; office
work; salary not less than $25 per month.
Box 202, Call office.
GIRL. 14 or 15 years, $5 or $6 month; good
home; German or French preferred. 128 29th.
A YOUNG lady to travel and pose in illusions.
Apply 1828 A Hayes st.
YOUNG girl for second work and to assist with
2 children; references. 160S Fell st.
WANTED— competent nurse girl to take care
of young child; city reference. Apply ISI4
Gough st.
OPERATORS on overshlrts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 26% Fremont st.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HELP WANTED MALE.
WANTED— Cook and wife (waitress), $45; cook
and wife (laundiess), $55; bread and cake
baker, country. $45; cook and baker for camp,
$40; 3 waiters for camp, $20; night cook, coun-
try restaurant, $40; pastry cook and baker,
$35; elevator boy, $4 week; hotel waiters and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st,
WANTED— 2 ranch foremen, single Americans,
with references, $500 year and $50 month and
found. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 02$ Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— blacksmiths, $50 and $60; 2 labor-
ers for mine, $26; carman for mine, $30; wood-
turner; machine man for mill; 15 farmers for
steady work, $20, and $1 day; 20 railroad la-
borers and teamsters, $1 70 and $1 75 day;
carriage painter, $2 50 day; choreman for
ranch. $20, and others. J. F. CKOSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
OFFICE OPEN MONDAY 7 A. M
Wanted for the coast railroad Free fare
Stone masons Free fare Stone masons
Blacksmith Free fare Blacksmith
50 laborers Free fare 60 teamsters
60 teamsters Free fare 50 laborers
All of the above for the coast railroad.
25 2-horse scraper teamsters, $25 and board.
15 pick and shovel laborers, $2 day, long
job; 10 laborers for a rock quarry, $1 day
and board.
RANCH WORK
25 farmers for a large hay ranch, $20 and
board; Shoreman, $25 and found; farmer. Con-
tra Costa County, $20; 6 farmers for an or-
chard north, $20; 5 field hands for a vineyard.
$25 and found; 3 milkers, see boss here, $25; 2
ranch blacksmiths, $33 find $30; blacksmith,
country shop, $2 a day and found; -edgerman,
$2 75 a day.
HOTELS AND RESTAURANTS
Chef, $90; second, $50; baker and pastry
cook, $60 (all for a summer resort, see party
'here Monday morning): cook, country hotel,
$53. and dishwasher $15: cook and helper or
man and wife for a small country restaurant,
$50 and found; second cook, $10 a week; cook,
$9 a week; pantry boy. $15; porter boy. $15;
waiter boy. $15; saloon porter, $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED this morning, between 7 and 8
o'clock, a gang of railroad laborers and team-
Fters with their blankets, ready to go to the
coast road: free fare. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary st.,
wanted to-day— 2s 4-horse teamsters, $2 a day
for coast railroad; free fare. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
MIDDLE-AGED man to do chores. $15 per
month; fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
COACHMAN and gardener, $20 per month"
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
BUTLER. $40 per month. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. -
MAN and wife, $50 per month; country ranch
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAN to milk cows. $20 per month and found
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GOOD restaurant cook wanted. 313 O'Farrell.
WANTED— Good tailors for Stockton. See boss
here at 783% Market to-day, bet 10 and 12.
WANTED— First-class saloon porter; wages $30
38 East st. ■ .
WANTED— Errand boy. Call before 10 at 136
Natoma st.
GERMAN boy as apprentice in printing shop.
635 California st., room 4.
BARBER wanted; steady Job. 131 Third at.
HELP WANTED— ContlnneA,
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
Blacksmith, country shop $52 and found
Trimmer for carriage works $3 day
5 blacksmiths, ranches, camps and shops. $60,
$45 and $40 and found; 25 2 and 4 horse team-
sters railroad work; 10 laborers, city work.
$30 and $26 and found; buggy washer. $35 and
found; stableman, $25 and found; 2 milkers.
same dairy, $25 and found; 15 ranch hands,
$20 and $26; carpenters, city and country; boy
for printing office, $6 week; 4 farmers and
wives, ranches. $40 and $30; man and wife for
orange orchard, $50; working foreman for
sheep ranch. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
2 WAITERS for the mines, $25 and found; third
hand baker, $20; private family cook, $30;
cooks, $30 and $40; waiters. $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay _J.
BARBER wanted. 39% Turk st. !
WANTED— Young man for painting. Call 7
to 8 at 1129 Mission st.
GOOD lunch waiter wanted at Home Restau- |
rant, 136 Second St. : . -' '
WANTED— Cook at 125 Seventh st.
MEN wanted— Teamsters, shovelers and drill-
men on railroad work, being built by Camp-
bell & Bucknian. between Sonora and Sum-
merville, Tuolumne Co.; take boat to Stock-
ton, then train to Oakdale and Sonora; tare
$1, Oakdale to Sclera, will be refunded if
men work one month. Apply at room 4, 301
Montgomery st. . j
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade: our '
catalogue explains how we teach the barber
trade in eight weeks; write to-day. Meier's
Barber College, 635 Clay st. :
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker; good prices and I
steady work. Apply to MACKINNON & j
HART, Merchant Tailors, Oroville, Butte
County, Cal.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 ami 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In- |
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 6 feet 4
inches and 6 feet 1 Inch in height. For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco, Cal.
ELECTRICIAN, thoroughly experienced oper- j
ating animated picture machines, to travel. ;
Apply 132SA Hayes st. j
WANTED— Coatmakers on custom work; steady !
work. 518 Market st.
HARNESS leather whltener. JOHN COUNI- i
HAN & SUNS. Eth and Carolina sts.
FIRST-CLASS ■..;,: makers to work Inside. Ap-
ply to S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market st.
250 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
House. 614 Howard, cor. New Montg.: single, ,
10c, 15c night; 60c, 90c week; reading room.
SALESMEN calling on the grocery and notion
trade to carry light side line; no competi-
tion; big commission. J. E. TRAIEL. 235 I
Powell st.
WANTED FIrst-class men's and boys' -.loth-
Ing salesman at RAPHAEL'S.
SAILORS for Honolulu, const. Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
150 MEN for cleanest houses ln city; "Cen-
tral House," 871 Market, and "Branch I
House." 861; 15c to 50c night; all dally papers
in reading room.
$10 WEEK to start: young man as partner in
genteel outdoor work with horse and buggy;
must have $150. Box 403. San Rafael, Cal.
WANTED— 2O teamsters and laborers at
Devisadero and Broadway.
YOUNG men (non-union) for coasting vessels;
good wages guaranteed. HERMAN'S, 26 |
Steuart st I
WAXTED— 2O men to occupy rooms: 10c per j
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 105 Xew Montgomery. j
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers" Union Free Emplymt.
Bureau. 1125 Market st. W. J. i,rideshaw, Sec.
Get your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ- |
m't H. Bernard, sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
17.i MEN to take best single room, 15c night: $1
week; "France House," 149 3d St., and "Oak-
land House," 664% Howard St.: reading room. (
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE. Ship-
ping Agent, 504-306 Davis St. j
WANTED Laborers and mechanics to know :
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still i
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st, near Mar- j
ket; 700 rooms, 13c night; reading room: free j
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House. 417 Kc. -ny— Rooms from 25c
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College, 135% Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 60 wk. Elcho House. 863% Market St.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room. 25c a night; $1 a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
MEN and women, good address, to travel and
appoint agents: salary $75 month; expenses;
rapid advancement: unusually brilliant op-
portunity. Address with reference. BUTLER
6 ALGER. New Haven. Conn.
PARTNERS WANTED.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a partner in fair
paying saloon; terms reasonable. Box 110,
Call office.
ROOMS AND HO All I WANTED.
WANTED— Home for boy 12 years old with
family without children; living near Lincoln
School. Address, stating lowest terms, box
123, Call.
FURNITURE WANTED.
J?~C. MUTHER. 632 Market st. pays highest
cash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LAUNCH, 25 to 30 ft., with or without engine:
must be cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil ,-.nd mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English: 24 j
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc.: life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
ing. mech. survey, assay, archl.: day & eve.;
est 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING; the only place on the coast
to learn It practically; rapid calculations; I
short time, TARR. 572 Parrott building.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin st, opp. City Hall.
LAW Schools, 927 Market. S. F.. and 906 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence. !
HORSES.
FOR sale— loo head of mares and geldings;
broke and unbroke; 4 to 8 years old: weigh- [
ing from 1100 to 1550 pounds; Belgian «too«; j
solid collars. At the Canty Ranch. Gray-
son, Cal.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons,, buggies, i
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
$27 Sixth st ; auction rales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams: all I
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE *
MFNDENHALL'S sale yard. 1732 Market st.
I —
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
LIGHT delivery wagon; fruit or peddler's
wagon; set of harness; cheap. 3516 Army St., |
near Dolores.
3-SEATED carriage for family or country ho- j
tel; canopy top; good as new. 1130% Howard, j
FIXE laundry, bakers', milk wagons: i bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts.
buggies, surreys and horses.' 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET CLEANING. j
CARPETS thoroughly renovated, 3%c yard. I
OREENWALT & CO., 127 10th: tel. Folsom
151; Howard, Mission and Larkin st. cars.
CITY Steam carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans, '
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN ycu become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st: tel. South 228; lowest rates,
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S 3 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; teL East 126.
PERSONALS.
LEDERER'S Quintonica. only preparation that
does no Injury to the scalp, $35c hot. ;swltches
$1 up. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER is the only up to date hair dresser;
price, 25c; switches. $1 up; see window dis-
play this week. Lederer's Foamo Shampoo, .
6c pkg. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st. ft
AT LINCOLN BROS.— IO lbs. rolled oats, 2.7 c,
butter. 25c roll; 20 Ins. granulated sugar, $1; 8
lbs. coffee, $1; flour, 75c sack; 10 cans Jelly,
$! : picnic hams. 7c lb.
LINCOLN BROS., 225 Sixth, above Folsom.
A BARGAIN First-class lodging use, nearly
new, 21 rooms; .Jays; near Orpheum: owner
leaving city; must sell: no agents. For par-
ticulars address A. 1... box 31S, Call office.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
. mous remedy for irregular and painful periods
of ladies: are never failing and safe, rejuv-
enate the system brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the Tailed; French Tan-
sy Wafers are the only reliable female rem-
edy in the world; imported from Paris: take
nothing else from druggists, but Insist on
genuine; in red wrappers with crown trade
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., drug-
gists. 214 Kearny st. H. L. LADD & CO..
druggists, NW. cor, 4th and Howard, agents.
BEST iunch In town, 75c, at the Pup liotis- .
serie, i2-ll Stock: st.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero
st. near Twenty-fifth; Guerrero-st. cars.
JOSEPH GRE .EN'S terms for singing lessons:
Classes, $2, $3 and $5 monthly; single lessons,
$G (one weekly); $10 (2 w.); .15 (3 w.);s2o>4w.)
and $25 (every day a lesson). 1226 Market st.
U. Z. SUSAKI A. CO., manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order; all kinds
of Japanese crockery, basketwan 488 Haight.
T. BRILLIANT. 338-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dres3 goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITARI. 313 Sutter st
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
Xo. 4 Sutter st, Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign ;
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited. .«
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $. per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom St.
A— CLOAKS, turs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
MISS VOX BERG, of 228 Taylor, moved to 204
Ellis (The Clifford), rooms 49 and 50.
SUITS to order $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO.. ISI4 Market st. : open evenings.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st. bet. 7th and Sth.
SBARBORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 531
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
WANTED— Old gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE. Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. TAILORING Co.. 11.7 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no in-
jection ;guantd.Dr. Gordin, 714 Plne.ab.Kearny.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8: bed loung-
es $4 50: mien cv's T. J N'Kl'V'N'N'. 121 ■•'i.
-JRESSMAKEHS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $5 up; dresses mads
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
PLAIN skirts. $1: plain sewing; bindings put
on skirts. 25c. 910 Pine st.
— ! . 1
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvojant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. S. SIEP, psychometrist: 11 to 5; 50o; 1
circles evenings except Sat.. 10c. 1724 Market. •"^
MRS. MENA FRANC! - independent slate
writing medium. 11. Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. 8; 25c: sittings. $1. 233 Valencia St.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an offlce at 31.7 O'Farrell.
- 5
CLAI it vol ANTS.
j^ A A A A
PROFESSOR MAX DUBOIS,
Celebrated clairvoyant, trance meuium and
expert palmist ot Paris (France!. Office,
1130 MARKET ST.,
Between Mason and Taylor Sts.
Mr. Dubois is recognized by the press,
medical faculty and scientists generally as
the foremost and most able practioner of
pure and honest clairvoyancy in tins country.
Five minutes spent with nim will convince
every skeptic that he has nothing in common
with that class of so-called "mediums" that
invest every city in this country Without
asking a single question he reveals your
past, present and luture life, culling your
mends and enemies by full name. He h-lps
the unfortunate and lends his power (which
is stronger than that of any medium now
in San Francisco) to help every caller to
succeed in the realization of their desires.
Unhappy lovers, unsuccessful business men,
those inflicted with so-called "incurable"
diseases, will find Proiessor Dubois a true
friend who will set them arignt and help
them to their success and happiness.
No matter what your trouble may be, con-
sult Professor Dubois and you will depart
thoroughly satisfied that there Is at least
one reliable medium now in your city.
Professor Dubois' charges are moderate,
and within the reach of all. The small fee
of $1 charged on all consultations. Daily
and Sunday, 10 a. m. to 7 p. m. Absoluts
satisfaction guaranteed. Letters must con- L
tain $1 if answer is expected. Palmistry
taught; mediumship developed. Address
PROFESSOR DUBOIS. 1130 Market st.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO,
AT 1023% MARKET STREET.
BETWEEN SIXTH AXD SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marrlaga
with the one you love no failure, remove ln-
lluence. bad habits; will give correct informa-
tion on lawsuits, sickness, death, divorces, ab-
sent friends, etc.
N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
1023% Market street. San Francisco.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladles. 50c; gents. $1; sit . $1 50. 127 Turk.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay: 25c.
MME. ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom-
etrist; parlors 2 and 3. 995 Market st.
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist,
719 Market St., room 2.
MISS A. FAURE. card reader and palmist. 405
Kearny st., r. 34; French and German spoken.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary .-'.. rooms 1 and 2.
MISS EVA SHELDON, palmist and card read-
ing. 17 Grant aye.. parlor 6.
MISS BAY. returned, has voodoo charm from
Africa. 223 Post st. room 6.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 2S Sixth st., rooms 2-3.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant^^-
and palmist. 120 Ellis st. parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME. HAYS returned; card reader and mag-
netise 207 Powell st, rooms 5 end 6.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st, near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names give:; _;,• up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
Ifi pages, In wrapper, for mailing. 11 per year.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY — Serrano, recognized brightest
astrologer in America: sketch of life and pros-
pects, send date of birth, sex and 12c. PRO.
FESSOR SERRANO. P. O. box 5238. Boston.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger.
main.. 616 Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; reading by mail. $1.
A— MME. BUBHNELL. the famous palmist
916 Bush st. between Taylor and Jones.
SUPERFLUOUS ill;
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2117 Busn
st.: 16 years' experience: references given.
LOST.
LOST— Black sllk umbrella, ivory handle, with
anchor and lion's head, on Market or Eddy
sts.: $2 50 reward. J. BUCKMILLER. St.
George, 812 Kearny st.
LOST— A heavy black lace scarf, from Geary *
and Market to McAllister and Webster. Re- i
turn to GoUlen West Hotel; reward. J-
HOUND; yellow body; scar left foreleg; coat
changing. Return to 871 Mission St.: reward.
LOST— Lady's watch: Xo. 815,103; initials E. P.
IS.. Reward room 2, Pacific Mutual building.BUSINESS CHANCES.
$10.000— HOTEL; good paying old established
business: going East cause of sale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN ie CO.. 777 Market st.
$77 *»— RESTAURANT: bargain on account of
other business. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 .
Market st.
$550— PARTNER wanted In manufacturing
business; will be required to deliver goods
and collect. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Mkt -
A— KREDO & CO 22H Geary st. .
BUSINESS CHANCE BROKERS.
$150— Cigar store; down town; a snap.
$150— Barber shop; 2 chairs; clears $25 weekly.
$175— Branch bakery and notions; near school. '
$200— Coffee parlor; near .iter.
$600— Delicacy and pork store; $40 dally.
$2000— Drug store; $20 daily; value in stock;
doctor's practice worth $300 per month.
STATIONERY store, bazaar; tine paying.. $3000
Corner grocery; old establish) good bus. 1500
Fine old-established bakery 1200
Good-paying branch bakery 450
Variety store, doing good business 250
Call and see list: big bargains. EITEL &
CO.. 1016 Market st.
OYSTER and chop house for sale this day;
cheap. COWING, 995 Market St.
BUTCHER shop; great bargain account sick-
ness; call at once. COWING & CO.. 9% Mkt.
PARTIES having a business of any kind or
city and country real estate to sell or ex-
change should apply to Nat. Ag'ey, 7834 Mkt.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar very cheap,
$1(00; a fine and cheap saloon, near Market,
$1210. GERMAN-AMERICAN, 34 Kearny St.
$250— BEST paying 25c meal restaurant in Oak-
land; must be sold at once: present owner
6 years. Call or address W., Call offlce,
Oakland.
$150)— WHOLESALE and retail fruit business;
sales $100 per day; established IE years, splen-
did chance for bright man. Box 210, Call.
BARGAIN— bakery and notion store for
sale. Cor. Twenty-sixth and Florida sts.
$550— GOOD- PA saloon; easy terms; part
cash, balance payments. Call to-day at 124 4th.
FIRST-CLASS carriage woodworking business;
first-class shop; 3 benches. 332 Thirteenth st.
GROCERY store and bar for sale; SE. corner
Precita aye. and Folsom st. ; no agents.
2-CHAIR barber shop; your own price; leaving
city. 621 Sacramento St.
FOR SALE— Candy store, 136 Powell St.. on ac-
count of departure.
FOR sale— The choicest ever offered in country
hotel property; the Farmers' Exchange Ho-
tel D Livermore, 'opposite depot; 2-story
hotel, cottage. stables and outhouses; rot
150x150; water and gas all through the hotel;
elegant barroom; furniture In splendid con-
dition: present owner for 25 years; old age
and 111 health cause of sale. Apply to SIEBE
BROS. & PLAGEMANN. 32S Sansome St., or
at hotel, for further informatics.
CORNER saloon, near Sixth and Market
sts.; private entrance, with rooms; receipts,
$15 per day; city business. Exchange. 1032
Market st.
$500— GROCERY and bar: rent $20; 4 living
rooms; rent paid to May 23. WICHMAN.
LUTGEN & CO.. 318 Clay st.
BUTCHER shop for rent. 1303 Buchanan St.,
near Eddy: a snap for a live man; cheap rent;
between grocery and fruit store.
FOR sale — Good paying restaurant: city front;
on account of sickness. Call 140 Fifth st.
CIGAR stand for sale. 37 Third st.
MAN to run saloon day time; must have cash
security; $40 mo. and found. 1940 Market st.
$75 BUYS good paying bakery lunch place: nice
living rooms; rent $13. Apply 1129 Mission.
SHOE shop that will clear $90 per month; good
prices; low rent; must sell. 332 Bush st.
$2000— CIGAR store; day trade. Apply 227 Bat-
tery st.
RESTAURANT and chophouse; north side of
Market st.; doing gdod ness; will stand
Investigation. Address box 183, Call office.
$600— AN old-established market; present owner
there 10 years. Box 174, Call offlce.
FOR sale— Carpenter shop with a well-estab-
lished trade. Apply at 609 l vtavla st.
PARTNER i? wanted ln a newly established
saloon business tn a good', locality, and who
is familiar with the handling of wines. Ad-
dress box 432. all offlce; Investigate.
GROCERY, wood, coal, hay and feed business;
whole or separate. NE. cor. Valley & Dolores.
AN old-estab. tailoring business; machines, 650
yds. cloth, trimmings, etc.: doing $500 per
mo. ; going to Europe. John Redley, 340 Third.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
ROI'TE on this paper for sale. Atply this
cffice.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
16 ROOMS; FINE: CORNER.
NEW" ELEGANT FURNITURE.
COST $1400— PRICE, $SOO.
26-room corner house; clears $160 $550
24 rooms on one floor; near Call office.... 900
15 rocms; good transient trade 850
14 rooms: on O'Farrell st 350
17-room house; large yard; downtown — 400
18 rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms: exchange for larger house.... 600
14-room house on Van Ness aye 350
64-room house; clears $3f>o; payments — 3000
54-room house: clears $300.. .7 1600
17 rooms: on Sixth st 450
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp Sth.
10-ROOM house; 5 minutes- walk from Call
office: $550. DECKER, 1020 Market si.
A— KREDO & CO 22.s Geary st.
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
$125— Elegant 6-room flat; new carpets.
$300—9 rooms, elegantly furnished; full.
$1500—18 rooms; very swell boarding.
Also a number of large houses from $300
to $10,000. KREDO & CO.
$;ooo — rooms, new furniture, clears $150 per
month: 72 rooms: is rooms; 80 rooms; 12
rooms: great bargains; lodging-houses sold
and exchanged: money loaned at 2 per cent.
EITEL & CO., 1016 Market st.
O'FARRELL. 433, bet. Taylor and Jones— lo-
-roomed; neatly furnished rooms, always oc-
cupied. Apply Landlady.
SACRAMENTO, 644— Lodging-house. 15 well-
furnished rooms; rent $40; no agents.
12-ROOM house for sale; all full; must be sold;
a bargain. 944 Howard Ft.
WANTED— Partner In 2 good rooming houses;
no trlflers. Apply 641 Mission st.
$300— FURNISHED flat, 8 rooms: bargain this
day. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st
$900—25 ROOMS: always occupied; furniture
good order: compulsory sale; returning to
France 331U Bush st
Furniture for sale.
CONTENTS of 13 furnished rooms. 11 Pacific
street.
FURNITURE of 8-room flat; cheap. 617 Frank-
Un st. -
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S, 71*7 Mission st.
NEW 58 Majestic range, with steam heater
and steam cooker; suitable for 230 people.
Apply steamer "Queen of the Yukon," Web-
Bter-st. bridge, Oakland Creek.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, offlce furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. Noonan. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
GEM of diamond stud 'or $45, worth $80.
UNCLE HARRIS, 16 Grant aye.
$20— CAUSE departure; nearly new Domestic
sewing machine; cost $55. 704 Pine St.
ENGLISH mastiff in trade; gentle, healthy
and good watch dog. 1612 Washington st.
LADIES' and gents' Victor; fancy baby car-
riage, almost new; cheap. 131 Buchanan st.
PIPE— 6OOO ft. 3 to 6-inch diameter, for steam,
air, water; fittings. W. F. Thompson, 40 Main.
BARGAIN.— 3 H. P. Golden Gate gas engine,
almost new. Pee EPSTEIN, 648 Mission at.
BOIL! US, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Beale st. •
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
bought. Fold and exchanged. 1063 Mlsslcn st.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento .-•
Gasoline engines— l horsepower. $100; 2. $125;
3. $150; $4. $175. SMITH CO., 527 Mission at.
POLYPHONE, $35: attachment (only). $15; will
flt phono or graphophone. Bacigalupi, 93S Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 "MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer. White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pal ling at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, pi-0p..,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing, advance, etc. 715 Market; tel. Black SIX
HOUSES TO LET. b\;b
762 POST, 11. r $76 1267 Ellis, 7 r $27
1839 Green, 9 r » 35 707 Ellis, 6 r 25 !
1406 Golden G ay.lo r 30 1969 Eddy, 8 r 23
2613 Octavia, 7 r.... SOI 542 Howard, 6 r.... 20
; A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
A— lo-ROOM elegant house; reduced from $40 |
to $30; month free. SPECK & CO., 667 Market. '
POST, 762, ' near Leavenworth— Elegaut lo-
room dwelling for private family. A. M.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
ELLIS, 1458— Sunny 6 rooms and bath; rent $21.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
GOLDEN GATE, 1206— Sunny 10 rooms and !
bath; rent $45. ASHTON & GARDINER. 411
Montgomery st.
VALENCIA, 1218—6 rooms and bath; rent $20.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
GREENWICH, 902. NW. cor. of Taylor— One
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard; basement;
sunny side; rent $25". ■
FURNISHED house. 8 rooms, bath, yard; cheap
to right party. 1410 Leavenworth st.
MINNA, 621, in rear. bet. 6th and 7th— s-room
house; $10 mo.' Apply 1021 Mission, nr. 6th.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
SUNNY 9-room house at 26 Franklin St., half
a block from Market; flne for room renting;
cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
THE handsome residence, Sl4 Grove St., be-
tween Webster and Fillmore, ls now for rent.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large sunny
rooms; modern Improvements; large yard.
Apply on premises. 635 Guerrero St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— LOVELY Eastlake cottages (nice), only $12,
at SPECK <__ CO.'S. 667 Market St.
BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms. 1626 Devisa-
dero st., near Sutter.
COTTAGE, 6 rooms and bath; 407 Laurel St..
Presidio Heights; rent reasonable. MADISON
& BURKE.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms, large basement; suitable
milkman or beer-bottling business; stable for
2 horses and barn. 919 Capp St.
ERIE, 156, 149.. bet. 13th and 14th, near Folecm—
Rent reasonable; sunny 5 and 4 rooms. Ap-
ply on premises or MADISON & BURKE.
FOR $40; a sunny, comfortably furnished cot-
tage, 7 rooms, bath,' stable, garden. Apply
from 12 to 6. 2118 Union st.
TO 1et— 1429 Pine st.; Swiss cottage, 7 rooms
and bath ; large yard; rent $25.
TURK, Cottage of 4 rooms; also 3 rooms
rear; large stable; reasonable.
FLATS TO LET.
964 PINE: 7 rTTbT!Hs7^3T^h~av^T6"Tbb7sl6
979 Post; 8 r 45, 720 Montg. aye.; 6 r 14
209 Webster: 7 r.... 25 1696 Page; 3 r. 15
292. California; 7 r.. SOI 622 Fell; 3 r 13
707 Stockton; i r.... 27 318 Pt Lobos ay; 5r 12
905 Powell; 6 r 25 1 2718 McAllister; 4 r. 10
22144 Fillmore; 6 r.. 20; 648 Jessie; 3 r 9
1109 Turk; 6 r 17 1 232 Natoma; 4 r 10
624 Fell; 6 r....' 19 708 Tehama; 4 r.... 10
A. M. SPECK & co, 667 Market st.
A — NICE new flats reduced from $30 to $25. At
SPECK & CO.'S. 667 Market Bt. •
A— NICE clean flats of 3 and 4 rooms, reduced
from $12 to $10 and $8, at SPECK & CO.
FULTON.' S42— Sunny 6 rooms and bath; rent
$26. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montg' my.
HOWARD, 82S— Sunny 5 rooms and bath; rent
$21. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgom-
ery Bt.
McALLISTER, 1723— Modern 7 rooms and bath;
rent $25. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Mont-
gomery st.
AN elegant, brand-new cor. flat, 6 and 7ooms;
cheap. SE. cor. Golden Gate aye. and Lyon.
BUCHANAN. 906—4 rooms, bath, $14; 492 Fell,
6 sunny rooms, bath, $25.
CASTRO, 468, near 17th and Market— New mod-
ern sunny double upper flat; stable; cheap.
CLAYTON, 572-874, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flats; 4 and 5 rooms; bath: cheap.
FLAT of 4 rooms. 615 Thirteenth st.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath, stable. 4 stalls.
2702 Twentieth st., corner Hampshire.
FLAT— Four rooms and bath; all modern. 1805
Eddy st., near Scott.
FLAT of 3 sunny rooms, hall and base-
ment; rent $9. 18 Sheridan st.
FRANKLIN, 715, near Golden Gate aye.— Up-
per corner sunny flat; 6 rooms and bath.
LOWER flat. 4 rooms, bath; large yard; rent
$12. 3075 Twenty-fourth St., near Folsom.
MODERN lower flat, 3316 Sacramento St.; 6
rooms and bath; must be rented. MADISON
& BURKE.
MODERN flat, 6 rooms; sunny. 280S Seven-
teenth St., near Sanchez.
OAK. 507 — Stylish i modern upper; 7 rooms;
sunny; key lot; fine view.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed " list of flats from BALDWIN <__
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
RAUSCH, Five sunny rooms; cheap rent.
SACRAMENTO, 1361—3 rooms separate en-
trance; rent. $12 50.
TO let— 34 Austin st. ; good location; few sunny
flats of 4 rooms each: rents $10.
TWENTY-THIRD. 41)73. near Castro— Upper
sunny 6 rooms; $15.
697 . Noe . St.. corner . Nineteenth; upper 5
rooms- $17. ■ •— ;■■_■;.
4 ROOMS; modern improvements; flne marine
view; cheap rent to small family. 1133 Green.
$7 50— LOWER flat. 4 rooms. Key grocery, cor-
ner Twenty-fourth and Florida sts.
$S 50— UPPER flat of 4 rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden aye.. near Laguna and Hayes sts.
$12— 4-ROOM flat. 1413 Guerrero St., bet Twen-
ty-sixth and Army. .
COZY sunny lower flat, 4 rooms; bath;
yard. 22 Shotwell st.
$14— UPPER corner flat, 6 rooms and bath. Key
grocery, corner 24th and Florida sts.
$25— NEW 8-room corner flat. Twentieth St.,
near Castro.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
14 pages. In wrapper, -for mailing, $1 per year.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAY. 1723, near Van Ness aye.— 3 rooms for
housekeeping, partly furnished or unfurnished.
ELLIS, 709—2 or 3 finely furnished rooms; com-
plete for hskpg.; all conveniences; adults.
FIFTH, 322—2 sunny front connecting house-
kpg rooms; stove; closet; bath; private; $10.
FELL, 480—3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
very convenient; adults.
FOLSOM, 870, nr. sth— Complete sunny house-
keeping rooms; double or single; rent cheap.
FOURTH, 225— Front suite; suitable for light
housekeeping; also single.
GROVE. 104. cor. Polk— Several neatly furnshd.'
hkpg rms.; renovated; incandescent lights.
HAWTHORNE. 172, near Harrison— Desirable
sunny housekeeping rooms for 2; reasonable.
HOWARD, 649. near Third— Large front house-
keeping room. 7; :■; \
HOWARD, 829— Suits, housekeeping, sunny;
rent $10. $12 month; also other rooms.
HOWARD, Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete; all conveniences; $1 25 per week up.
HOWARD, 1144— Furnished or unfur. sunny
rooms, kitchen, gas, bath, hot and cold water.
331 KEARNY, .near Pine — Furnished rooms
suitable for housekeeping.
LARKIN, 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range; bath.
MARKET, 1724—2 large complete housekeeping
rooms to neat couple; private family.
McALLISTER, 519— Newly furnished sunny
rooms; laundry; yard; also single.
MINNA, 28— Two sunny furnished front house-
ping rooms; very cheap.
MINNA, 111V_. near Second— Furnished house-
keeping bay-window suite, with piano, $2 wk.
MINNA, 639— Large front sunny room, fur-
nished for light housekeeping, l or 2 people.
MINNA, 546. near Sixth— Furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard.
MISSION. 1720%, near 13th— 2 sunny furnished
connecting housekeeping rooms; bath; laun-
dry; stove; $8. ■
MISSION, 2231— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also single; hot and cold water.
NATOMA, 606, nr. Seventh— 2 rooms, with sink,
newly furnished for housekeeping; rent $5.
NINTH, 20. near Market— 2 sunny connecting
rms. for hskpg, $10; single, $6; stove; water.
NINTH, 21— Sunny suite of rooms, furnished fur
light housekeeping; running water; stove.
OAK, 111—3 or 4 sunny housekeeping rooms,
furnished ;«»rent reasonable.
ONE large sunny room, complete for house-
keeping, $1 25 per week, $4 60 per month. Ap-
ply at shoestore, 662 Mission St., between
First and Second streets,
PERRY. 174—2 nice sunny housekeeping rooms;
sink; hot and cold water; bath.
POWELL,' 143—3 furnished housekeeping rooms;
hot ajd cold water bath attached,
POWELL, 1401 — Large sunny bay-window
room, with or without kitchen; single.
SCOTT, 113—2 large front sunny rooms for
housekeeping; private. . J
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL., IUOHSDAY, MAY 1, 1899.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
SHOTWELL. 121— Very large sunny furnished
room, 2 large closets and bath,, light house-
keeping, $5; sunny ' furnished ' front room,
large Closet, bath, rent $3 50.
SIXTH. Large sunny room for light house-
keeping; $1 per week; quiet house.
SIXTH, 393, corner Harrison— housekeep-
ing rooms; rent reasonable.
SIXTH. 420— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also parlor state; bath; quiet house.
SOUTH PARK. 1.4—3 furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping, $11.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap
TAYLOR, 108— Sunny housekeeping rooms; also
back parlor.
TEHAMA, 475, near Sixth— .sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms, $11. -7-*.
TENTH, 136, near Mission— Front sunny house-
keeping rooms; also single. 
THIRD. 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms; com-
plete; bath; gas.
VALENCIA, 295, cor. 14th— Sunny connecting
furnished or unfur. rooms; running water.
VAN NESS aye., 400—3 well furnished sunny
rooms; corner; regular kitchen; front and
back garden; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Sunny front suite, 3 or
more rooms; kitchen: gas range.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
tunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
ln every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 60c to $1 60 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT SUTTER, Aery choice, sunny, new,
reasonable; appreciated if seen; Investigate.
THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth St.— New; sunny
corner;' central location; elegant rooms.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)—
nished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 421. nr. Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary washstand; $1 up.
BUSH, 616, near Powell— Sunny suite, U6e of
kitchen; also single rooms.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 207, nr. Taylor— Nice large well fur-
nished front room; Ist floor; also others; reas.
EDDY, 532— Three unfurnished rooms and yard;
rent $8.
ELLIS, 321— Rosedale House— Rooms rented by
. day. week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house ln the city.
ELLIS, 697, nr. Hyde— Suite of front rooms for
light housekeeping, $23; also 2 single, $6, $7.
ELLIS, 607— Newly furnished rooms with lirst-
class table board, $5 week; phone and bath.
ELLIS, 720— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
! double or single; reasonable.
GEARY, HA. .opposite Call building—
room; running water; $1 50 per week.
GEARY, 86%, The Clyde— Sunny front rooms,
60c to $1 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week.
GEARY, 655— Sunny front and back parlor; first
floor; piano; phone; others fot light housekpg.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1010— Sunny furnished
rooms, suite or single.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE, 109. 1 block from City Hall— Bay-
window double front room; $S and $10.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $160 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter— Opened under
new management Ap. 1; elegant sunny suites;
single rooms: most central part city; elevator.
Howard. 7*-ii ! _ -Nicely furnished, sunny bay-
window room; other double or single rooms.
HYDE. 110— Two furnished rooms in front base-
ment.
JESSIE, 369— Sunny furnished rooms, $1 up.
JONES, 117— Single sunny front room; $8.
KEARNY. 104— Front aulte; two unfurnished
rooms: $10.
1 KEARNY, 209. 323— Newly furn. sunny rooms
from $1 60 up: also light hkpg rms.; transient.
LARGE furnished front room; gas; grate; $8;
to lady or couple. Kearny St., near Sutter;
quiet house; references. Box 205, Call.
LARKIN, 804— Small sunny room, neatly fur-
nished, $4.
MINNA. -Furnished rooms to let; also 2 un-
; furnished rooms for housekeeping.
I MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished,
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA, 282.4, near Fourth— 2 unfurnished
ms; 2 closets. ":t:.
NINETEENTH. 4059, near Castro— unfur-
nished connecting rooms; bay window; bed.
OAK, 285— Large furnished front room for 1 or
2; gas; bath; private family; cheap.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms; «1»-
-vstor; electric lights: day. week or month.
O'FARRELL, 271 — Elegant modern sunny
rooms, suite and single; convenient; reason-
able.
O'FARRELL, 427 — Handsomely furnished
rooms; hot and cold water.
O'FARRELL, 639— Pleasant sunny rooms; new,
modern house.
PINE, Newly furnished sunny room for
gentleman; private family.
POLK, 1602— One or two unfurnished rooms or
furnished front room with closet. $5.
1 POWELL. 17. Ellis and Market cars— 2 prettily
furn. front rms.; connected or single; cheap.
I POWELL, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— Ele- 1
gantly furnished room; reasonable.
1 ROYAL House. 126 Ellis . St.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor: room per night, 35c to $1 60;
week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
offlce floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SECOND, 62A— Nicely furnished front suite;
suitable for light housekeeping; reasonable.
SEVENTJI, 192— Sunny furnished single rooms
and rultes; also housekeeping.
SEVENTH, 229— Sunny front furnished room;
$4 60. .
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Furnished and unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; board opt'l.
TAYLOR, 129, bet. Turk and Eddy— Cleanly
furnished rooms; also others for housekeeping.
; TAYLOR, 407— Large sunny front room, with
bath; suitable for two.
! TEHAMA, 3, near First— Four nice sunny
rooms; near 3 lines of cars; rent low.
. THIRD. 304, corner ' Furnished corner
suite for dentist or physician; brick build-
ing; housekeeping rooms cheap.
TURK, 42' a, and 102 Taylor— Desirable sunny
rooms; also 1 corner bay-window room for 2.
TURK, 127— Room for man and . wife; single
! rooms from $3 to $5 a month.
1 TWELFTH, Nice sunny furnished side front
room in private family.
TWO desirable rooms ln choice location; only
/those willing tA.pay for these advantages. J.
WV. box 319. QcUl offlce. •
UNION, Nicely • furnished sunny front
rooms; double or single; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye., 904— Elegantly furnished al-
cove suite; also single room; large closets;
running water; gas; bath; private family;
reasonable.
y HOARDING AND ROOMS.
CALIFORNIA, .807. "The Bingham"— California
and Powell-st. cars; neatly fur.; home comfts.
FIRST, Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, $25; double, $20.
O'FARRELL, 824— Elegant large sunny rooms
and suit; with or without board. : «.
POWELL, 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
suites and single rooms; excellent board.
SUTTER.' 1128— Lovely home; sunny rooms;
I overlooking garden: home cooking.
1 THE Longworth, 522 Geary— Runny front suite'
elegantly furnished; single rms.; table board.
RESTAURANTS^^
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau-
rant. 44-66-68 Third St.; take elevators; French
dinners, 25c; also a la carte; tel. Red 2951.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to S
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25), nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant. coffee and lcs
cream parlor. 1 .5 Market.: popular prices.
. OFFICES TO LET.
OFFICE— Light and sunny; Emma Spreckels
building. 927 Market St.; rent $12 60; light,
heat. Janitor and telephone Included. ASH-
TON & GARDINER, room 210.
POWELL, 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates; also furnished apartments.
POWELL, Furnished office; good loca-
tion; occupied by doctor for 7 years.
CHILUKE:. BOARDED.
OOOD home for children. $8; Infants, $10 per
mo. HO Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st.
fyy STORES TO LJdT. '
SMALL BRICK STORE
New. and near Fourth and Market sts.; with
2 rooms attached. Nos. 259-261 Stevenson St.;
rent 130.
TO let or lease, as a whole or in part, store
building 50x64, with concrete basement 50x
72; Haight. near Fillmore. Inquire 918 Fell.
3 FINE new stores on Seventh st., corner Min-
na, with 2 living; rooms back of each. By
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine st.
STORE. Twenty-second and Castro; new build-
ing; fixtures for groceries and saloon. Key
at 1251 Mission st.
STORE fixtures, showcases, suitable for branch
bakery, notions; 4 living rooms; cheap. 2548
Folsom st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician:
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians.'' 1071% Market st., S. F. ; exaroina-
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL
LADIES— If you suffer from irregularities, ob-
structions or weakness, why submit to meth-
ods which are painful and dangerous, or take
drugs which only irritate, but never cure.
Don't despair until you read "Plain Talk to
Women on Avoided Subjects." Explains all
women ought to know; full particulars about
vaginal and uterine wafers; cure in 24 hourß.
Don't delay; send at once for book and symp-
tom blank; mailed free on receipt of 4c ln
stamps in plain envelope, or consult us free at
office. DR. ROUXEL, 935 Market St.; hours,
12-4 and 7-8 p. m., Sundays excluded. \
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will flnd ln
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment, $5; no Instruments
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER, 610 Eddy St..
bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to 12, 2
to 4 and 7to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities' (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments used; cure at offlce,
$.7; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; ail can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet-
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical
science for female troubles, from whatever
caused, which saves great trouble and misery;
every woman her own physician, always and
at any time, no matter how long standing;
travelers helped at once; absolutely safe;
cure, $5; always restores in one day and pre-
vents disgrace; can. be sent; consultation
free. The well-known, celebrated specialist
and ladles' physician, practiced for 87 years,
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and- quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and ifld; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $.7; travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home ' for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St., between
Mason an.l Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7 j
to 8 p. m.; Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A— DR. G W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned I
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donneil has
. treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023% Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure In !
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity i
home; best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure, ,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every j
comfort: best care and attention: terms mod-
erate; regular physician in 'tendance; con- ,
sultation free: infants adopted Into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi- !
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties beln_r used: !
advice free: hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 I
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
st ; 11 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D.; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agentj. Oakland. Cal. j
MASSAGE given by nurse. ROGERS, 1520
Geary st. Hours, 9 to 6.
PRIVATE home In confinement: best refs.;
1540% Howard. Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back;Js up.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
fa»« of the human body. 118 Mason st '• ■•■ ■'■'£.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and 56 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in pood second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.,
San Francisco, and Thirteenth and Broad-
way. Oakland.
A FEW special bargains from £140 up.
Weber; used 6 months.
Chtckeing; good as new.
Knabe: a bargain.
Emerson; fine condition.
Sterling; mahogany case.
Vose; walnut I a.- .».
16 monthly payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. J CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A MAGNIFICENT high-grade piano, positively
new, sacrificed to-day at half price. Room
12. Flood building. Fourth and Market sts.
JUST arrived— New upright pianos; sold at $5;
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
HORNUNG'S pianos, praised by all great ar-
tists: his touch regulator the wonder of the
day: please examine. 216 McAllister st.
FAMILY going East will sacrifice new upright
piano. 2117 Webster st
'jl:'.-. FOR high-grade Upright piano; Mil .450.
74" Clitntry st.; San Mateo electric cars.
A— UPRIGHTS. 169 up; Installments. $5 75 up;
rents, 12 up (allowed en sale). Heine, I*3 Ellis.
R A. DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 308 to 312 Port st.
PIANoS unredeemed to realize advances on
st. .rape. Wilson Storage Rooms. 1710 Market.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. SOS
Post St.
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Paeon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ,"" 16
McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, cithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. 8. HIGGINS" Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $.7. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work; teeth
without plates our specialty; fl._xible plates
from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS, 21 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
DR! GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices: ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; teeth without plates a
.specialty; liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason st.. corner Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given. '
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction
guarantd. N. Y. Dentist, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
■ PROPOSALS. j
PROPOSALS
To Print, Publish and Distribute the De-
linquent Tax List for IS9S.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 25, 1899. ;
In accordance with Resolution No. 2026
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervis-
ors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
May 8, 1899. from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the
printing, publishing and distributing of
the delinquent tax list for the year 1898.
to contain the names of the persons and
a description of the property delinquent
and the amount of taxes and costs due
opposite each name, and a notice unless
the taxes delinquent, together with the
costs and percentage, are paid, the prop-
erty upon which said taxes are a lien
will be sold at public auction. Such
publication- to be made and thoroughly
distributed on a business day, at least
once in each week, .for three successive
weeks, in a pamphlet fern as a supple-
ment to a daily newspaper of general cir-
culation, published in the city and
county of San Francisco, in the
English language, and said supple-
ment must be sent and distrib-
uted on the days specified with every
number of the paper issued and distrib-
uted, by carriers, by mall or otherwise.'
The first issued to be so distributed on or
before the first day of June. 1899, and the
others weekly thereafter, and to desig-
nate the time and place of sale and in all
respects conform to the provisions of the
Political Code and to be done under the
direction and to the satisfaction of Ed-
ward I. Sheehan, Tax Collector of said
City and County; also, to leave at the Tax
Collector's office not less than one thou-
sand (1000) copies of each issue before any
demand on the Treasury therefor will
be approved. Within one week after the
first publication of said list fifty (50)
copies thereof, printed upon one side only
of a quality of paper which can be written
upon with ink, to be satisfactory to said
Tax Collector, to be delivered at his office
for use in the office. Also fifty (50) cloth-
bound copies, interleaved, to be delivered
to the Tax Collector's offlce within two
weeks after the flrst publication.
The Tax Collector must have the privi-
lege at any and all times during the exe-
cution of the said contract of witnessing
the same and giving Instructions relative
thereto either personally or through his
chief deputy, or any deputy he may desig-
nate. - . . •■
All proofs must be read and submitted
for correction as follows:
First— Proofs must be first read by copy
and corrected by the printer.
Second— Submitted in slips to the Tax
Collector for correction.
Third— Revise to be submitted to and
passed upon by the Tax Collector, or hi 3
chief deputy, or deputy; if corrections or
alterations are made by said Tax Collec-
tor, or his chief deputy, or deputy, a cor-
rected revise must be presented to and
approved by him prior to the form being
struck off, and as the work progresses
when a form is struck off a copy of the
same to be filed with said Tax Collector.
Payment to be made as hereinafter pro-
vided, and the bill presented to be veri-
fied by the affidavit of a proper and re-
sponsible person acceptable to the Com-
mittee on Print and Salaries of the I
Board of Supervisors, said affidavit to be
made before a notary public in and for
the said City and County, and to set
forth that the contract for printing, pub-
lishing and distributing the Delinquent
Tax List for the year 1898, has been fully
and faithfully executed and accomplished
in strict conformity to and with these
specifications. ;. ...
The contractor or contractors will re-
ceive a demand upon the Treasury of the
said City and County for the payment of
the contract price in United States gold
jcoin, when satisfactory evidence is fur-
nished the said Committee on Printing
and Salaries that the said contract has
been fully and faithfully executed and ac-
complished in conformity therewith. /
A bond in the sum of rot less than ten -
thousand ($10,000) dollais. and with as !
many sureties as the Committee on Print-
ing and Salaries of the Board of Super-
visors may elect to require for the faith-
ful execution of said contract must be
given.
Bidders will estimate with the distinct
understanding that the Supplemental De-
linquent Tax List, If any, shall be pub-
lished for not less than one week, and
that the price to be paid for each assess-
ment on the said Supplemental Delinquent
Tax List shall be not more than twice
the amount bid for each assessment on
the Delinquent List.
The space occupied by prefatory notices,
remarks and explanatory matter will be
paid for per one thousand emp pro rata
wth the average matter in saift list. Said
extra matter and pro rata *. be com-
puted by an expert to De appointed by the
said Committee on Punting and Salaries
of the Board of Supervisors.
In style and general character said De-
linquent Tax List must übstantially con-
form 'to and with the list hereunto at-
tached of last year.
Each proposal for printing, publishing
and distributing such list must state:
First— The name of the daily newspaper
published in said City and County in
which it is proposed to so publish such
list.
Second— price to be charged for
each assessment, whether of real estate,
personal property or uoll tax.
Third— The names of the sureties to be
offered in event of receiving the award
herein.
Each proposal must contain or have at-
tached thereto a sample of not less than
thirty lines of such real estate matter and
personal property matter upon the qual-
ity of paper to be used.
The party to whom this contract is
awarded will be required, nrlor to or at
the time of the execution of said contract,
tp pay the cost of advertising this notice
in three daily newspapers, and to also
pay the cost of the publication in the of-
ficial newspaper of the Resolution award-
ing him the contract.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids, and will demand good and suf-
ficient bonds in the sum of ten thousand
($10,000.00) dollars for .he faithful per-,
formance of the contract.
Proposals to be indorsed "Publishing
Delinquent Tax List."
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., April 29, 1899— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here,
and at office of Quartermaster, until 11 o'clock
a. m., Monday. May 29, 1899, and then opened,
for furnishing, during fiscal year commencing
July 1, 1.99, forage and straw for San Diego
Barracks, Cal.; also at same time, at this
office o_\ly, for forage and straw for Alcatraz
Island, Angel Island, Fort Baker, Benicia
Barracks, Fort Mason. Presidio of San Fran-
cisco, and San Francisco, Cal. Government
reserves right to reject or accept any or all
bids, or any part thereof. Preference given
to articles of American production, conditions
of price and quality (including in the price of
foreign product! the duty thereon) being
equal, and such preference given to articles
of American production produced on the Pa-
clflc ("oast, to extent of consumption required
by the public service there. All information
furnished on application to Quartermaster at
• San Diego Barracks or to undersigned. En-
velopes containing bids to !>_• Indorsed "Pro-
.sals for Forage and Straw," and addressed
to sal*! Quartermaster, or to .J. M. MAR-
SHALL. Deputy Quartermaster General, U.
S. A., Chief Quartermaster.
TREASURY Department. Office Supervising
Architect, Washington, D. C. April 24, IS99—
Sealed proposals will be received at this of-
fice until 2 o'clock p. m. on the 27th day of
May, i-: ,[ ', and then opened, for all the mason-
ry work, roof covering, etc.. for the United
States Postoffice, Courthouse, etc., building
at San Francisco, Cal., In accordance with
the drawings and specification, copies of
which may be obtained at this offlce or at the
office of the Superintendent nt San Fran-
cisco. Cal. JAMES KNOX TAYLOR. Super-
vising Architect.
PROPOSALS for fuel— Quartermaster's office, '
Benicia Arsenal,. Cal., April 26, 1899. Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 a. m. May 26, 1899, and then opened,
for furnishing at Benicia Arsenal, Cal.. dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30, 1900. fuel
required there: The United States reserves
the right to accept or reject any or all pro-
posals or any part thereof. Preference given
to articles of domestic production, conditions I
of price and quality (including In price of
foreign productions the duty thereon) being
equal, and such preference given tc articles
of American production produced on Pacific
Coast to extent of consumption required by
public service there. Information furnished
on application. Envelopes containing propos-
als should be marked "Proposals for Fuel,"
addressed C. H. CLARK, Q. M.
U. 6. ENGINEER offlce. Flood building. San
Francisco. Cal., April 27, 1899 Sealed pro-
posals for dredging in Humboldt Bay, Cal..
will be received here until 12 o'clock, noon, .
May 29. 1899. Information furnished on appli-
cation. W. H. HEUER. Major Engineers.
- _ "to lease,
country HOME TO LEASE—
In the hills. 900 feet elevation, 5 miles west of
Stanford University, overlooking Santa Clara
Valley; delightful climate; comfortable resi-
dence of 15 rooms, furnished or not; ha hot
and cold water; 27 acres of land well laid out,
In grass, flowers and fruit. including 1400 fruit
trees; with barn. stable, outhouse, etc.; good
road and trail through redwood forest: must
■ be seen to be appreciated: will be leased to a
desirable tenant on reasonable terms on ac-
count of owner's Intended absence. For terms,
etc.. apply to JOHN H. GILMORE, 321 Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco. !
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, ln wrapper, - for mailing. Jl per year.
. -PHYSICIANS, j
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, offlce and residence,
10214 Market St., bet. 6th and 7th.
-*-
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$1000— NEW 4-room house; corner lot; 25x80;
also stable. 1439 Shotwell st. '■
SECOND-ST. property; 62x100; Nos. 128 and 130;
to be sold subject to confirmation by court.
Send bids to G. W. HAIGHT. 220 Sanaome st.
COTTAGE on Treat aye., near Garfleld Square;
2.x112:2. to back street; cheap. Box 124, Call.
IF you have lots that you wish to sell north
of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
$100 CASH, $2". mo.; $1900-12400; 4-5 rm. cottages;
.4 block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or USA llth.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable i
back in Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the. purchase price we will ;
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire: avoid red tape and publicity: see us
first: you will be Waited upon quietly anil
quickly. Call 68-69. Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda: at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st.: telephone Main 1644.
LOAN on city • -ope rty of chattels; no delay;
furniture and pianos. ELSTON & THOMP-
SON, 239 Post st.
ANY amount by private party on -urnlture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bids.. 130 Powell st.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates; circu-
lar mailed to address. Gould. 131 Montgomery.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save Inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Offlce, 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
MONEY WANTED.
$1500 WANTED 1 year on Indorsed on Joint
note with party worth $100,000; will pay good
Interest. Box 120. Call, office. ■■■ -.*■■■■
FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought: short
notice. J. GOLLOBER. 25 Battery st.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg.. chat-
tels, etc. Harper ft Kreiger.3l2 Examiner big.
ATTORNEYS Al LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law;
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, con-
tracts, etc., drawn; mod. fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; prlvte;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S«7 .Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN— For sale; $600: 5-room cottage;
lot 33x100; North Oakland, east of San Pablo
aye. ; choice acreage property also at a bar-
gain. Apply R. J. MONTGOMERY. "North
Oakland Heal Estate Headquarters," 470
Thirteenth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES
MODERN house, 8 rooms; sunny; nice loca-
tion; furnished; good condition. 769 20th st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$."00— LOT 60x150; with small cottage, on mac-
adamized street; near station and school.
$1600— Lot 30x150: with 7-room cottage; near
station and High School; easy terms.
$2600— Lot 40x207; with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$25 per month.
$3200— Lot 43x13. ; fine new modern 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one of the
main avenues; near station; $500 cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month. Great snap.
Houses to let in all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
112:: Park St.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
TO a small family, a furnished house for the
summer months; terms reasonable to desirable
party. 1101 Park aye.
A'.AMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles' in delicate health: ' large
grounds: private. MRS. ''LNKE. 1416 Sth st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
OWN YOUR HOME. ~
Very desirable Berkeley lots at a great sac-
rifice; charming location: houses built on
very liberal terms; monthly installments; no
greater than refit: on electric line; 45 min-
utes from San Francisco; 10 minutes to Oak-
land; 5 minutes from State University. Par-
ticulars call 11 a. m. to 1 p. m., JAMES
GAMBLE, 230 Montgomery st., room 23, San
Francisco.
HILLEGASS TRACT. !
10 minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet ln depth; flne view; only 4
blocks from Dwight way station.
Cheapest choice property in Alameda County.
JOS. J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
SEVERAL new houses now In course of con-
struction adjacent to University: any sized
lot. Call or address M. L. WURTS, Seven-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland.
MUST be sold within a week; 12 50-foot lots;
beautifully situated near the hills: no rea-
sonable offer refused. JOS. J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
WANTED— rent, comfortable cottage; lo-
cated east of Shattuck aye., bet. Berryman
and Dwight fray stations. Address 2520 Bush
St., San Francisco.
$4100— FOR sale; In Berkeley; central business
property now paying 10 per cent: will always
Improve. Address P. O. box 8. Lorin.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms for sale or exchange: all
new and modern: polished floors: a big bar-
galn. Call or address 2137 Dwight way.
____________
legal notices.
_-~~ ,— ~ -~" notice! ~~~
To All Whom It May Concern— is
hereby given that on the 17th day of April
1899, the Bakersfleld and Los Angeles Rail- !
way Company filed its application In writing •
in the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of Ban Fran- !
. Cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary !
dissolution of the Bakersfleld and Los An- '
, geles Railway Company, which said petition I
and application Elated that at a meeting of !
the stockholders of said company on the 13th i
v day of April, 1899, called for the purpose of
passing upon the questlcn, it was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrip- i
tion, have been fully paid and discharged.
Wherefore, It was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition i
and application that the undersigned, a-=
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication in spme newspaper
published in the City /lind County of San i
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days
Therefore, all persons having any Interest in '
the matter of said application or desiring to I
oppose the granting of the same are here-
by notified to file in my office, on or before i
the 22d day of May, 1599. any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of
eaid petition.
In testimony whereof. I have hereunto set my
hand and the official seal of said court this '
the 17th day of April, 1899.
.Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANE.
County Clerk and ex-Officlo Clerk of the
Superior Court.
X .-"_■ By E. M. THOMPSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Officlo Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court.
CITY and County Treasury, San Francisco. I
April 14, 1899— 1n compliance with the pro-
visions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board
cf Supervisors, approved September 15. 1880,
also In accordance with an act of the Stato l
Legislature, approved March 16. 1372. there
will be sold nt public auction by E. S. Spear i
& Co., at their salesrooms. 31 and 33 Sutter
St.. on MONDAY. May 15, 1899. at 10 o'clock !
a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and un- i
claimed property recovered by the police force -
of San Francisco, as detailed In an Inventory
thereof on file In- the offlce of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
' etc.: also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing,
etc., property of deceased persons received
from the Coroner of this city and county.
Open for Inspection on morning of sale.
1. 3. TRUMAN. City and County Treasurer.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
26 EI. MORA lots. 12 miles • from San Luis
Obispo, on tract of new railroad, for sale or
exchange for cows, restaurant or other prop-
erty at a bargain. MRS. BUECHEL, 20 Ninth
St., San Francisco.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 1597-98 addie3S THE
COTATI CO., 302 California St.. S. F.
FARM for sale — 75 acres good valley land; 13
acres timber and pasture; good buildings;
spring water at house; 4 miles south of St.
Helena, 1';. miles west of Rutherford: will
sell at a low price. Inquire at place. JOHN
J. BUCK. St. Helena P. O.
WANTED— For cash: ranches from 2 to 1000
acres. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
CASH, about (1800, will pay for house and lot.
6or 7 rooms. W., box 267. Call office.
FRUIT, grain and : ock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM & CO., 2.* Montgomery st.
$5 TO $30 an acre: list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
L nited States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
800 ACRES in Santa Clara, 37*0 acres tillable,
brings $60 to $70 pasture money, exchanged
for property and assume mortgage: 365 acres
near Stockton, 70 acres vineyard and orchard;
20 acres in Los Gatos; all for sale and ex-
change: we have nne list of ranches for sale
and exchange. EITEL & CO.. 1016 Market st.
11' (USES and lots from $200 to $10,009
Ranches from 2 to 1000 acres, $100 t0.... 520,000
500 business places from $50 to $ 5,000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. >'. DECKER, -i-7- Market st . i - 17 Eddy.
- — J
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
ln at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CHICHIZOLA— In this city. April 17. 1899. to
the wife of Thomas J. Chichlzola. a daughter.
RAFFAEL— In this city. April 30. 1899, to the
wife of John J. Raffael. a daughter.
MARRIED.
BREWER— KING— In this city, April 26. 1899,
by the Rev. John A. Emery. Howard F.
Brewer, late of Marvsville, and Mattie King.
FLAHERTY— WIGHTMAN— In this city. April
Ml, 1899, by John A. B. Wilson. D.D., James
Henry Flaherty and Mary Wightman, both
of Newark, Cal.
_____
DIED.
Burke, Marguerite Muhr. Dr. Hermann
Bean, Grace Nealon. Patrick
Blake. John Ritchie. Willie
Cole, William Ross, Mabel
Devine, John F. Stover, Leonard N.
Herrgott. Peter Sheldon, Catherine B.
Israel, Henry C Tucker, Walter H.
Kellermann, August Treuter, Hermann Jr.
Ludlngton. George C. Turner. Bessie M.
McCoy, Etta J. Warringholz, Riemer
Moorhead, Emery C. Whltcher, Josephine
Watchers, Hannah
BURKE— In this city. April 29, 1899, Marguer-
ite, beloved daughter of Rose and the late
Stephen J. Burke, and sister of Harry. Ethel
and Willie Burke, a native of Pan Francisco,
aged 8 years 8 months and 5 days.
BEAN— the City and County Hospital, April
• 30, 1899, Grace Bean, a native of Illinois, aged
23 years.
BLAKE— In Oakland. April 29, 1899, John
Blake, beloved father of Mrs. Annie Boreln.
a native of England, aged 71 years 1 month
and 17 days. .•- -. ..
COLE— this city, April 28. 1899. William
Cole, beloved son of the late Mary I*. Smiley,
and brother of Mrs. James H. Roxburgh, a
native of California, aged 34 years and 10
days.
j (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), .-it 1:40 o'clock from the resi-
dence of his brother-in-law, James H. Rox-
burgh, 454 Church street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church for services at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DEVINE— In the City and County Hospital,
April 30 1899, John Francis Devine. a native
of California, agetl 34 years.
HERRGOTT— In this city, April 29, 1899, Peter,
beloved son of Alx. P. Herrgott. and brother
of Charles, Adolph and Justin Herrgott and
Mrs. Adella Harkwlns. a native of San Fran-
cis.", aged 29 years 7 months and 11 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzier, 636 Washington street.
I Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ISRAEL— this city, April 30, 1899, Henry Clay
Israel, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 73
years. .
KELLERMANN— In this city, April 29, ISM.
August Kellermann, a native of Germany,
aged 64 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzier, 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LUDINGTON— In this city, April 30, 1899. at
his home, 2512 Fillmore street, George C. Lud-
lngton, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 70
years. (Boston papers please copy.)
CJ-Funeral and interment private.
McCOT— la Berkeley. April 29, 1899, Etta J.,
beloved wife of Henry J. McCoy, general sec-
retary of the Young Men's Christian Asso-
ciation of San Francisco, and mother of
Mabel A. McCoy, a native of Thomaston, Me.,
aged 51 years and 6 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Trinity M. E.
Church, Alston way and Fulton street, Berke-
ley (Berkeley station). Friends from the city
will take the 1 o'clock boat. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
MOORHEAD— In this city, April 29, 1599, Emery
«'. Moorhead. member of Bates Lodge No. 33.
F. and A. M., West Virginia, and beloved
husband of Lona Moorhead, and father of
Otis Moorhead, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 36 years and II months. (Pittsburg, Pa,
and Utah papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Temple,
v corner of Post and Montgomery streets, under
the auspices of Pacific Lodge No. 136, F. and
A. M.
MUHR— In Oakland, April 30, IS. Dr. Her-
mann Muhr, beloved husband of Auguste
Muhr, and father of Adolph Muhr of Chicago,
Mrs. A. Entzmann. Helena, Hermann F. and
Feodor Muhr, a native of Schwedt, Germany,
aged 71 years 6 months and 25 dayc. (New
York and Hoboken papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral services
at mortuary chapel at Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
San Francisco, to-morrow (Tuesday), at 11
o'clock. Please omit flowers.
NEALON— In Redwood City, April .30, 1899.
Patrick, beloved husband of Mary Nealon,
and father of Thomas, Kate and James Neal-
on and Mrs. Horn and Mrs. Martin, a native
i of County Mayo, Ireland, aged 75 years 2
months and 8 days.
RITCHIE— April 21, 1 ? 99. aboard transport
Sheridan. Willie, son of William and Jane
Ritchie, and brother of Mrs. Jessie Boyd and
Allie. Gertie, Roy and Irene Ritchie, a native
of San Francisco, aged 25 years and 8 months.
ROSS— In Point Arena. Cal., April 27, 1599, Ma-
bel daughter of I. W. Ross, a native of Bos-
ton. Mass., aged 27 years 3 months and 16
CTFriends are respectfully invited, to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 2
o'clock, from the parlors of N. Gray A Co.,
011 Sacramento street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
STOVER— In this city, April 29, -*99. Leonard
Niles. beloved son of Niles H. and Eveline M.
Stover, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 1 month and 22 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. 1518 A Vallelo street.
SHELDON— Entered Into rest, pril 29, 1899,
Catherine 8.. widow of the late Colonel James
Sheldon, a native of Scotland, aged 87 years
5 months and. 8 days.
TUCKER— In this city, April 30, 1899. Walter
■ 11., son of Alfred H. and the late Henrietta
Tucker, and grandson of W. H. and Mary A.
Glenn, a native of. San Francisco, aged 11
months and 7 days.
TREUTER— In West Berkeley, Apr.. 30, 189»,
Hermann Jr., only and beloved son of Her-
mann and Lena Treuter, a native of West
Berkeley, aged 6 years and 3 months.
TURNER— In this city, April 30. 1899, Bessie
M. Turner, beloved granddaughter of Mrs.
Elizabeth Fletcher, sister of Sarah E. Turner,
and niece of Joseph G. Fletcher, a native :__
San Francisco, aged 15 years 11 months and M)
days.
WARRINGHOLZ— Ia this city. April 29, 1899,
Rlemer beloved husband of Margaretha War-
ringholz. and father of Henry and Annie
Warringholz, a native of Germany, aged 48
years 5 months and 23 days.
C?*Frien and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday-), at 3 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 115 Wlldey avenue. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
WHITCHER In the City and County Hospital,
April 29, 1899, Josephine Whltcher, a native
of California, aged 24 years.
WATCHERS— la Oakland. April 29. 1899. Han-
nah, beloved wife of Edward Watchers, and
mother of George, Susie, Fred. Eddie. Albert,
Arthur and Harry Watchers, a native of
England, aged 48 years i months and 4 days.
HENRY 'J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER-
-10 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln .school.
Telephone South SO.
__ T ________—— —^_»._____...*. ■_■! _.....i — —aw——
mc/woY «___. CO.,
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS __ EiiiJALAIER*
1226 Market st, between Bth and nit-
Telephone. South 247.
910
WITTMAN AND
MORAN MEET AS
STRANGERS
Trouble Between the
Two Captains.
WERE FRIENDS FOR YEARS
COULD NOT STAND HIS SEVERE
CRITICISM.
The Property Clerk Demands of
Chief Lees to Prefer Charges
Against "Handsome
George."
Captain Wittman of the Central station
and Captain Moran, the Property Clerk
of the Police Department, are no longer
friends. In a moment of anger the
Central station captain referred in a dis
respectful manner to Moran, and as the
result they do not speak as they pass by.
The incident which brought about the
strained relations which now exist be
tween the two police officials occurred in
Moran's offlce. Wittman. accompanied by
several of his men, at the conclusion of
the hearing of the Junction proceedings
instituted by the Pacific Coast Jo* key
Club against Chief I_*-*-s. visited the Prop
erty Clerk's otlice and instructed Moran
to have the evidence in the case ready by
the following morning. While Wittman
was dilating on the necessity of having
the evidence ready, Moran stood among
the group of policemen nodding assent to
what the Central station captain was say
ing. Suddenly stopping in the rriiast of
his remarKs Wittman savagely turned on
Moran nnd accused him of humorously
treating him.
"This is no joke." he hotly declared, his
face Hushed with anger. "You can
shake your head; hut it don't go with
me."
Moran was so astonished at the declara
tion of Wittman that ho could not think
nf a reply. Trembling with suppressed
anger Moran walked out of his office,
leaving Wittmann to finish his remarks
about the evidence in the case to his
squad of officers.
Th. following day the two captains met
in Chief Lees' office. Still smarting under
th*- humiliation of being degraded by a
man of the same rank, Moran dramatic
ally pointed his finger at Wittman, and
addressing Chief Lees, said:
•■I d< mand of you to prefer charges of
disrespect against Captain Wittman. In
the presence of his men he not only de
graded mo. but by Innuendo accused mo
of trying to suppress the evidence in the
Injunction proceedings Instituted by the
Pacific Coast Jcol-ey * 'Ill."
Still pointing his finger at the Central
station captain, who had become speech
less by the suddenness of the attack,
Moran declared that even the policemen
who had heard the burning words of con
demnation of their superior. officer subse
quently came to him and extended their
svmpa'thv.
"They wanted to apologize for this
man's conduct." remarked Moran. "as
they fully realized that he had made an
unwarranted and brutal attack on me."
By this time Wittman had recovered
his powor of speech, and, facing Moran,
demanded to know the names of the po
licemen who wanted to sympathize with
him.
"That is mv business." hotly retorted
Moran. "You will have to get their names
from them."
"You're only making a bluff." angrily
remarked Wittman. "You ought, to con
fine yourself to the facts."
"1 have a witness, a responsible person,
who is hero an.l will corroborate what I
say." testily answered Moran.
Turning to Chief T.ees he again de
manded that he prefer charges against
the Central station captain. While the
head of the department was deprecating
the occurrence Moran turned to Witt
man and declared that he did not want
to know him in the future.
"We moot as captains of police," he re
marked, "but as friends, never."
"I have been in this department for over
twenty years. and not once have I been
before the Police Commissioners, charged
with misconduct. T am sorry to say that
you cannot boast of the same record."
Moran was about to refer to the bribery
charges-- which were brought against
"Witt! and which were dismissed by
the Police Commissioners, when Chief
Lees called a halt. Both men then left
Lees' offlce ami went to heir respective
departments. Xow they meet as strangers
—one revengeful nd the other awaiting
an opportunity to strike back.
SOUTHERN OUTRAGES.
Bey. T. Brown of the A. M. E. Zion
Church Proclaims Against
Them.
Rev. T. Brown, pastor of Starr Kin?
African Methodist Episcopal Zlon Church,
delivered an address last night on the
recent, inhuman lynching tragedies com
mitted in Georgia, Louisiana, Texas and
elsewhere in the South. He Inveighed bit
terly against the brutal outrages, which
he characterized as the most awful and
. horrible in the most civilized age known
In the world's history.
"The Egyptian bondage of the Jews for
43*1 years." the reverend speaker said In
the course of his remarks, "cannot be
compared with the barbarity going on in
our own Christian land. The murder of
Bam Hose by burning him to a stake for
a supposed crime is a disgrace to the
civilization of America. The murder of
the aged preacher Strickland by lynch
ing and the cutting up of the bod!' as
souvenirs is the essence of barbarism. It
appears that Christ and the colored man
nre the only two beings who have not the
friendship of the world. It gives rise to
the question, 'Shall the United States con
tinue to be the colored man's home or
shall he look for another?'
"Give the colored man protection or
give him death. No people have done
more to build up the great commonwealth
than the colored Americans. The negroes
fought loyally for the. old flag, but the
old flag cannot protect them. In four
great national wars the colored man took
an active part. He has never yet proved
a traitor, yet he is murdered and the
general Government looks calmly on. Tie
can only protect himself by racial unity.
"I hope the time is not far distant "• en
the tree of peace shall spread its broad
branches over tiie land: that there will
Tie no more lynching and nil men will he
living in perfect national peace every
where."
The Defense of Polygamy.
Rev. William M. Tar..-, of Salt Lake
City will address the Presbyterian Union
at f<2o Sacramento street to-day at 10:30
a. m. Rev. Mr. Paden will review Brig
ham H. Roberts' "Defense of Polygamy,"
a work that has attracted much interest
throughout the religious world. The re
view will be made solely on a religious
basis, not -scientific, the moral ef
fect rather thai the causes and ultimate
results of polygamy constituting the lec
turer's theme.
Th» famous old JESSE ORE WHISKY In
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
Died of Lockjaw.
Frank Woilor, a native of Switzerland,
died yesterday morning of lockjaw at the
German Hospital, and his body was re
moved by the Coroner to the Morgue
Weiler was employed at the mattress fac
tory of Wanchorer & Co., and a few
days ago he mangled the fingers of his
right hand in one of the carding ma
chin, He neglected to secure proper
medical attention until it was too late.
SALAD SET DAT.
Some articles cut fln per cent.
Some articles cut BO per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS. HALF PRICE.
GRXAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
DEATH STAYED
THE ARM OF
THE SUICIDE
Remarkable End of
H. L. Kirchoff.
HIS REMAINS TO SCIENCE
DIED FROM ASTHMA WITH
POISON AT HIS SIDE.
A Letter to the Coroner Shows That
He Had Intended to
Take the Fatal
Draught.
. -
The taking off of H. If. Kirchoff ln a
id-street lodging house yesterday
afternoon brought to light one of the most
peculair cases the Coroner's office has
been called upon to handle for a . long
time. Everything goes to show that the
man, driven to desperation by poverty
and sickness, had intended taking his
own life. At the last moment death
stayed the suicide's arm, and the man
for whom life held nothing more was
taken away.
When the landlady went to Kirchoff'p
room yesterday morning she met no re
sponse to repeated knocks. Thinking
that her lodger, whom she knew to be in
poor health, had mercifully fallen into a
refreshing sleep, she went away. In the
afternoon she called again, but could get
no answer. The door was finally forced
open and Kirchoff was found lying still
and cold upon the bed. On a table at his
head was a bottle of laudanum, and be
si*!. it the following remarkable letter:
Dear ■oner: In case I should he found
dead blame no one hut myself. I am suffering
with an incurable sickness known as asthma-
There is no cure for it and the suffering is un
bearable. My money Is gone anil death will
be welcome. I have no friends or relatives
(.live my hody to the doctors. Let them cut
it up. They can learn something from me. I
have been ruptured for forty-two years and
have a skin that no other man has.
H. L. KIRCHOFF.
Another letter was drawn up in the
form of a will. In it he bequeathed all
his personal belongings a lit
tle furniture and some beds and bed
clothing to Mrs. E. Badger of 74.A Natoma
street for attending him. both while he
was ill at her former residence, 115 Second
street, ami since that time. He also
stated that I;.- owed nothing, either to the
landlady or nny one else. lb- was 72
years of age. and according to his own
statement had no relatives living.
BAINTALL WAS LIGHT.
San Francisco Is Given a Slight Wet-
ting With Plenty of Wind.
Rain began falling in San Francisco at
4 a. m. yesterday and continued intermit
tently until shortly after noon, but the
j precipitation was light. The storm start
ed on the coast of Washington and
' worked its way south along the coast as
• far as Tehachapi, extending also into the
interior, with a light fall of snow in the
foothills. The wind blew with consider
able violence all day, reaching its great
est velocity at about 10 a. m., when the
gauge on the top of the Mills building
registered thirty-four miles an hour. At
5 p. m. it was blowing twenty-four miles
an hour. On Mount Tamalpais the wind
blew fifty miles an hour. Forecaster Mc
: Adie says the storm is over for the pres-
I ent and there will be no rain to-day, al
though the indications are that the wind
will blow and the weather will continue
cool.
Friends of the Indian.
The San Francisco Protestant Indian
Association will meet at 717 Post street
to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. All
friends interested in the spiritual and
moral uplifting of the Indian are earnest
ly and cordially invited to be present.
—^^»^— ""■" lIMMMMW — — I — _____________________________ *__B3____l'»-_-_ . _■**_____ , ■ ■,■_■_-■._.-_. ,_■_. .- . .-.__,- ..... _. --__.«_■■-..._ 11 ___________*__■______■__■
Store Closed Monday-Dewey Day
O- -.DATE, 1 1 i....* mm '"Tw
THIS CHECK NO -- OATE *
PAYS FOR CLEANING
■ y V v b 20 CHECKS PAY FOR
ONE PAIR KID GLOVES.
ONE PAIR $1.50 GLOVES
Kid gloyes given away or
your gloves cleaned free.
At our glove department we . are now issuing a check with every pair
of kid gloves bought of us which entitles the purchaser to have a pair of kid v
gloves cleaned free of charge. Or if the customer prefers the checks may be.
kept until twenty are secured and upon presentation of that number we will
deliver free one pair of any $1.50 gloves.
Ladies' 50e Hosiery
Beginning Tuesday morning at eight o'clock we shall have on sale a special
purchase of ladies' 50 cent Hermsdorfs prime black Egyptian Maco cotton
hose, with high spliced heels and spliced soles
at Jri%J %_• a pair
A Ribbon ; Special ..
All silk taffeta ribbon number 50, y/ 2 inches All silk plain and moire taffetta . ribbon,
■ wide, all colors, worth 25c, now " number 60, 4 inches wide, all colors, 30c value,
now at
loc a y ard 1 20c a y ard
See our window display.
125 to 131 Kearny Street
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, MAY 1,. 1899.
ANNUAL ACROBATIC
AND GYMNASTIC SHOW
Stewart Brothers, Who Will Tumble and
Perform at the Young Men's
Christian Association.
»5 .3
r. npO-MORROW evening the acrobats and gymnasts of the Young Men's ;•
" I Christian Association will entertain their friends in a revel on the ,
' J I mats, bars and trapeze for the benefit of the Young Men's Christian As- "^
ft soclation gymnasium. It will be the third annual gymnastic exhibition. *°
ft and an elaborate programme has been prepared, ft
,• All of the classes now under the direction of Dr. Dletz, head of the physi- ft
• cal department, will take part in the show. . The paraphernalia used will ft
. include the long horse, parallel bars, horizontal bars and trapeze. The Junior. "•
. class will exhibit Its physical prowess in elementary mat work and distance "^
£ jumping; the Intermediate class will appear for graduated work with gym- *°
» nasti.- apparatus. ft
%'fyr A special high jumping event for the Young Men's Christian Association ft
,• national Indoor record will be the competitive feature. In this event the ft
.xx best jumpers will compete. The entry list includes D. J. Grant, who has re-c*
. cently cleared the tape at 6 feet; W. J. Cutter, with a record of 5 feet 7 'I
• Inches, and [frank Wilson. 5 feet 6 Inches. *°
" The acrobatic trio— J. Redlcan, C. Tleward and Dr. Diet*— appear in **
* a three-brother act. Springboard leaping and high tumbling will complete ft
fi the acrobatic portion of the programme. £•
. 7 The class in physiology and first aid to the injured has prepared an origi- i.
, nal novel number entitled "Village Fire Scene and First Aid Exhibition." de- *.
'° picting the working of a village fire department and the aid rendered to *°
'■> injured workmen. The Columbian Orchestra, under the leadership of Fen- •*
• ton Foster, will furnish the music for the occasion. ft
8 Medals for indoor tests of strength which closed last Monday will be dis- J?
« tributt'o. The events and records made as follows: c»
• Lone horse— Roy White first, 50 points . o»
• Mat work— White first, 56 points. „ #
° Horizontal bar— Roy White first. 60 points. *'
■> Standing broad jump— V. D. Dearborn first. 8 feet 8 inches. So
• Quartet potato race Gibson first, l minute 43 seconds. c.
. The four men making the largest number "7 points are: Roy S. White. 740% points;*^
. V. D. Dearborn, 735 nts; C. M. Anderson, 668 points; R. Ruedln, 628 points. **
3 99
. ■ The first two names will receive gold medals, and the last named silver
I medals. A iarge attendance is anticipated. ft
O '■:'■•: _•■;'.' ft
* _• % c. .• c» T« c» _• Z. c« c« Z* o. ci Z. c« .• ?i "• c* "• ?* c* ?• li li I. It li li li li H li J*
GROSSER OF
THE RUBICON
HAS ARRIVED
General Harrison G.
Otis on Politics.
AFFAIRS IN THE PHILIPPINES
■
WILL LEAVE FOR LOS AN
GELES IMMEDIATELY.
The General Thinks the War in
the Far East Will Be Ended
in a Very Few
Weeks.
The modern Caesar has arrived. The
valiant brigadier from the Southland,
whose cablegram from Manila announc
ing that he had "crossed the Rubicon"
thrilled the hearts and sent the blood
leaping with Joyous bounds through the
veins of his vassals in Los Angeles is
here, having reached this port on the
transport Sherman en route to his home,
where 3 reception befitting his deeds of
daring on the bloody battlefields of the
Far East awaits him.
General Harrison Gray Otis' achieve
ments in the Philippine campaign are
current history, but the deed which is
destined to send his name echoing down
the corridors of time is his daring emu
lation of the Roman conqueror. With a
single stroke of the pen he put himself on
a plane far above all other military heroes
of the epoch and took his place on the
pinnacle of fame along with the greatest
heroes of ancient and modern times.
Lawton, Mac Arthur, Wheaton and the
namesake of this nineteenth century
Caesar may win battles, as they are doing
daily and batter the half-saVage Tagallos
into submission to Uncle Sam, but their
victories pale in comparison with the
feat of Harrison Gray Otis of Los Ange
les. They are not the only generals who
have the abality to win battles, but who
save he could cross the Rubicon without
getting wet.
But what has. induced this warrior of
Los Angeles to leave the scene of war
where glory is to be bought at the can
non's mouth? Why return to the land or
peace and orange blossoms? The whisper
comes from the South that politics is the
moving cause; that the newly-created
Caesar must leave the hard field of noisy
battle for the soft endeavors of politics.
"I have returned because my business
and civil interests demanded it." said
General Otis yesterday afternoon as he
stamped up and down the reading room
of the Occidental Hotel. "J have not
given politics any thought, and. if I had,
what of it?. You ask me if 1 intend going
as a delegate at large to the next Na
tional Republican convention? It is ab
surd to figure on anything so far in ad
vance. I do not wish to say anything
more on that matter. If you wish to
know anything about the Philippines, I
will most willingly edify you. I think
that the war in the Philippine Islands is
about ended. The natives have neither
supplies nor ammunition. They are with
out discipline, order or leaders, and they
can not last more than a few weeks at
the most. The war is practically over."
The general showed great pertuhatlon
of mind when the subject of politics was |
again approached, and he would have no :
more of it. _________________
DEWEY DAY FEATURES AT
CATHOLIC LADIES' FAIR
PATRIOTIC SONGS AND RECITA
TIONS WILL BE GIVEN.
The Voting Contest for the Most Pop
ular Policeman or Fireman
Gaining in Interest.
Dewey day will be appropriately cele
brated at the Catholic Ladles' Aid So
ciety's bazaar, a special programme in
cluding many pleasing features having
been arranged for the occasion. .To-night
will be "Native Sons' and Daughters'
night," and Dennis Foley's orchestra of
twelve pieces will render patriotic music
gratuitously; Mr. Gildea will sing origi
nal compositions on Admiral -Dewey; Mr.
Morrisey will • recite, and Mrs. Fitzsim
mons will render patriotic selections on
the harp. The decorations for the occa
sion are donated by Mr. Sleicher.
The voting contest for the most popu
lar policeman or fireman will be confined
during the remaining week of the fair,
in accordance with the original plan, to
the three standing at the head of the list
in each department. A total of 782 votes
have been cast, and of these Sergeant J.
B. Martin has received 133, Sergeant T.
Shea 127, Sergeant M. .1. Conboy 119. Chief
of the Fire Department D. T. Sullivan
123. Assistant Engineer P. H. Shaugh
nessy 107 and Assistant Engineer M. J.
Dolan 93. One of the six named will se
cure the coveted prize. Sergeant Martin
at present heads the list, but the friends
of each of the other five are confident
that their candidate will have the major
ity of votes when the polls close on Sat
urday night. The fair is gaining in pop
ularity daily, and it is almost certain to
prove the financial success that was ex
pected for it. '*.-"•.•
A MISSION PANHANDLE.
Superintendent McLaren's Scheme to
Make a Boulevard of Dolores
Street.
Park Superintendent McLaren has hit
upon a plan, devised during the rainy
days when the park was deserted, as
yesterday, that will loubtless please the
people of the Mission and be a great ad
dition to the present scheme to extend the
panhandle to Van Ness avenue. Mr. Mc-
Laren is of the opinion that Dolores
Street, which is wide and for a long way
out into the Mission is free from car
tracks, should be made into a boulevard
and trees set along the curb as far out as
Twenty-sixth street. Then Buchanan
street at the junction of that thorough
fare and Dolores should be widened also
into a boulevard to the proposed exten
sion of the panhandle. This would give
the people of the Mission a panhandle to
the park.
The park was deserted yesterday. It
was free day for the children at the
Chutes, as it will be to-day, and hundreds
of youngsters enjoyed themselves. The
baby monkey will be named to-day and
the winner of this novel contest will take
home either a bicycle or sewing machine.
At Sutro's Baths the Japanese troupe
of acrobats and expert swimmers enter
tained the guests. Following are the re
sults of the aquatic contests: 50-yard
dash, for novices, won by R. Bedford,
J. O'Brien second; 50-yard dash, for ju
veniles, won by C, Donovan. R. Bedford
second; 170-yard dash, for amateurs, won
by W. Hurley, R. Dahl second: high div
ing, won by O. Schulte; trapeze diving,
won by Pi 1 Guerin, O. Bey f us second.
Picnic at Shell Mound.
The rainy weather failed to dampen the
j enthusiasm of the several hundred people
who attended the thirtieth annual picnic
and reunion of the Knights of the Red
Branch at Shell Mound Park yesterday
On account of the inclement* conditions
the various scheduled racing events were
not run off. but were postponed until June
! 18th, when the Knights of the Red Branch
I Rifles will hold a picnic at San Jose A
: similar course was taken with the gate
prizes and those for jig and reli dancing
The joint picnic promises to be a big suc
i cess, and the list of valuable gate and
game prizes will be a large one.
"99" Cleveland bicycles, '$40 and $50; "99"
Crescents, 535. Leavitt & Bill, 309 Larkin.*
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"DRESS GOODST
EXTRAORDINARY OFFERING !
On Tuesdau, Mau 2d, we will place on sale
our entire stock of GENUINE FRENCH ETA-
MINES and GRENADINES at about one-third
former prices.
NOTE THE REDUCTIONS:
$1.75 per yard ■'.■ ■ Reduced to 50c
$2.00 per yard = - = Reduced to 75c
$2.50 per yard - - = Reduced to $1.00
The above goods are warranted pure wool, are
full 48 inches in width, and are in the following colors:
GRAYS, HELIOTROPE, BROWNS,
TANS, NEW BLUE, PLUM,
GREENS • and NAVY.
We will also offer our entire collection of FRENCH
SILK AND WOOL NOVELTY GRENADINE SUIT PATTERNS at
following reductions:
$20.00 Suits, Reduced to $7.50
$25.00 Suits, Reduced to $10.00
$35.00 Suits, Reduced to $20.00
All of the above ETAMINES and GRENADINES.
We have in Blacks also.
Ladies desiring a genuine bargain
should not fail to see these goods.
*■■ f___*\ __/ ______
m j* >• m*
"111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG, BOWEN * COS SPECIAL SAVINS SALE
BDWEN
* GO
Dewey day,
means a broadening of ideas a new
field for the commerce of this port !
—we hail the day as glorious from
that point of view while honoring
the great man who made the day
famous
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Whiskey— o b& Co 3bots $2
OK Bourbon gallon • 3
reg'ly $1 bot $4 gallon
Our popular family whiskey
Tea-reg'ly 60c lb ] 50c
I Mandarin Nectar a blend
Phoenix chop oolong
Basket fired Japan
of fee— ground or roast
Pasha blend reg'ly 35c lb 2lb 55c
Kona( Hawaiian) " 25c lb 2 lbs 45c
These are what we claim them to be-
not Java and Mocha
urgundy-reg'iy 75 c gallon 45c
Howell Mountain our own vineyard
This wine may be diluted one-half
Cheese— ciub House lOc 30c
Small and large jars hermetically
sealed— a rich cheese— good for
excursions— picnics— luncheons
CoCOa— Van Hout en— Holland
reg'ly 25c tin J lb 20c
" $1 " lib 80c
The Dutch excel in cocoa-making
Van Houten's is the best made
French knives-for kitchen use
 ff* : 567 8 9 10 it 1*
. reg ly 20 25 30 35 40 50 55 65 75
special *}XK 2 ° 25 30 35 40 45 50 60
lrompette brand— they stay sharp
Chutneys— meat sauce from India
reg'ly 50c pints 35 C
reg'ly 75c quarts 55c
Made popular in Europe and America
by English army officers who have
served in India
Fruit press— 25c
reg'ly 35c
Crushes fruit— mashes potatoes-
does a lot of work well
Curry— Vencatachellum— India
2-oz bottle 1 5c 4-0Z bottle 25C
Spring lamb— curry and Creole rice—
a happy combination
Bran bags— reg'ly 25c 20c
Soften and perfume the bath water
Tooth powder— regiy 25c 20c
Made by Crown Perfumery Co London
Night lights-^*, 1 ?* box 10c
96 lights in box doz boxes $1 10
Sufficient light— you don't- want too
much
A few regular prices
Listerine — a noble medicine— bot 65c
"Best" tonic-made of malt 20c doz $2 35
Malt Nutrine-another tonic 20c "* 225
Johann Hoff malt - 25c '* 3
'Alf and 'alf-as good a tonic as any 15c
dozen $1 50
GOLDBERG, BOWEN & COS SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Send for catalogue — mention this paper
on your postal
Ask for prices and freight rates „;
Send us your mail orders
We close at noon today
432 Pine 415 Sutter 2800 California San Francises
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
'- ■ !____!
RADKE & CO., I
118 Sutter Street, I
ARE SHOWING t yj
Ladies' and Gents' Solid Gold Links . $2 up 1
Gold Stick Pins $1 up 1
Solid Silver Souvenir Spoons. . .75c upEj
SPECIAL ATTENTION TO MAIL AND EX- M
PRESS ORDERS. M
When one hat will lit every
head then one Eye Glass will fit
every nose— Do you see the point?
We have every kind, and all with
the new clip that never slips (for
50 cents).
. Oculists prescriptions filled. Quick repairing.
Phone Main 10.
642 Market St. instruments
'UNDER CHOHICLt SUUDINb
LARGE SUMS TO LEND
On Undivided Interests on Estates.
Real Estate on Probate.
Reversionary and Life Interests on Real and
Personal Property.
Annuities and Legacies.
Or will buy outright.
Life Insurance Policies bought or loaned on.
Patents sold on favorable terms, and capital
procured to develop and perfect meritorious
Inventions or ideas.
Amounts from
$10,000 to $500,000
Available for investment on Mortgags or
Revenue Producing Securities.
For terms and particulars address,
R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
000000000000000000
o T^ PALACE .wj
g GRAND hotels o
" • SAN FRANCISCO. fZ
" " Connected by a covered passageway. "
O 1400 Room?— 900 wi h Bath Attached. O
O All Under One Management. Q
0 NOTE THE PRICES: O
0 EuropeanPlan. Sl.OO per day and upward O
O American PIan.QS.OO per day And upward Z.
Correspondence Solicited. O
O JOHN 0. KIRKPATRIOK. Manager. O
000000000000000000
mMCNDLTY.
ryms WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
A Specialist Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases Oi Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
W palenesses of Mee. tree. Over 20^™' experience.
Patients curedat Home. Terms reasonable^ HoursS
.Sh^'J 3^ 3 - 30 } 08 : 30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddressi
».,/ , .V nOBCUE McXl'IiTY, M.D.
2%\4 Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
W/.T. HESS,
VOTART PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT LAW
T«i_u_ Floor. Room lOlfi^ Claus Spreckels Bid*.
»___«_. Telephone Brown ML
fi_£^£__?2iJ a CaUlornl* ,v. btlow PowaU.