VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 47.
EXPOSURE OF HOWARD WRIGHT
THE SENSATION OF THE HOUR
HOWARD WRIGHT
NOW DISAVOWS
HIS INTERVIEW
Green Assists in the Effort to
Hide the Disgraceful
Transaction.
Try to Break the Force of the "Call's"
Exposure by Time-Worn Tactics
of Denouncing the Paper's
Representative.
.CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 15.— Since Howard E.
Wright. Speaker of the Assembly,
made the admission that he received
■ $1:650 from U. S. Grant through his
• political manager, Milton S. Green, In
' f.et-urn for his promise to vote for
. . ' Senator he h;>s i
changed hi? mind. He now asserts that!
: he. borrowed the money and that he in
;. tends to repay it.
Mr. Green also has experienced a j
change of heart. Last night he de
nounced Wright as the biggest confl
■ dence operator he had ever met during
' the whole course of his political ex
: perience. To-day he confines himself
to the statement that he loaned money
to his friend Wright.
Last night the story of Wright's
..'• shame had not yet become public prop
erty. To-day the people of the State
are discussing the facts of his down
: . fall.
. . • .-Last night Mr. Wright and Mr. Green
discussed the circumstances of then
bargain and sale, though neither had
: knowledge that the other was giving
. away the details of the dicker. Then
the price paid and received was in ex
.; change for honor and remuneration for
: the violation of written and unwritten
; pledges. To-day it appears as a loan
. made for a candidate for United States
: Senator to a candidate for the Assembly
■ . whose vote he wanted.
'■'■■■■ At midnight last night Mr. Wright
asked that the story of his degrada
tion, be suppressed. He promised that
if this was done he would take such
steps as would result in having D. M.
Burns withdraw from the Senatorial
; contest. He declared that he was in
possession of evidence to prove that
Burns could not be elected and that
..he would make Burns get out of the
*.. ; fight' if the facts concerning his
/ ; (.Wright's) acceptance of money from
; Grant were withheld. These state
ments were made to a representative
b£ this paper during an interview
sought by Wright.
Mr. Green also sought an interview
with a Call representative. He wished
to. have the story suppressed. He re
; peated the statements he had pre- j
..viously made and which were pub-,
: liißhed in The Call this morning the
".statements being in all particulars;
save one the same s the admissions i
'..made voluntarily by Wright, and;
;■••; [which were quoted this morning. The !
inly point at variance in the admis- i
sion made by Wright and the state- |
ment made by Green was the amount '
of money involved- Green declined to '
state the exact amount, but said it
■..was more than a thousand dollars, i
• 'Wright was more positive. He de- ;
clared that he received $1650, no
•'•' more, no less.
Mr. Green wat afraid that the publi
'•• cation of the story of Wright's degra
. dation would injure Grant's Senatorial
: candidacy, therefore he was anxious
that the story be not made public. He j
.' advised that the s.tory be withheld,
•■'. and that the facts be held over '
.Wright's head as a club, to prevent j
/.him excluding the legislative corre
spondents of this paper from the floor
.'•of. the Assembly chamber.
•The story was published, as the
.readers of The Call are aware, and the
■ '.facts Ptatffi therein are here reasaert
'. ■ cd. 'To-night Mr. Wright gave out the
.following statement to the members of
•'.the press:
'. "■■': ."The interview published in The Call '
: ; this morning is entirely false from be
' ginning to end, and the statements
. thrrein were manufactured by The
Call's correspondents, and were never
expressed by me to any one. The mat
ter cannot be settled through the news
The San Francisco Call.
papers. Future proceedings are in
the hands of my attorneys. For enr
roboration of the statement that these
charges are false I refer you to Mr.
Grant and Mr. Green."
Wright referred incredulous persons
to Mr. Green, and this is what Mr.
Green >as m, say: "I deny absolutely
and unqualifiedly that I ever paid
money to any legislator to influence his
vote for Senator, and I do not believe
that Mr. Wright ever made ..at claim.
I loaned Mr. Wright some money in
a manner he indicates in the Chronicle
interview. It was paid to a creditor of
his, and had nothing to do with poli
tics. It was not used for campaign
purposes, and was to be repairi from
the proceeds of a land sale in Oregon,
in which he was interested. No friend
of Mr. Grant's has the slightest reason
to imagine that his campaign has ever
been conducted otherwise than in an
honorable manner."
A careful perusal of this statement
will disclose the fact that Mr. Green
denies that he ever paid money to a
legislator. This may be true. At the
same time he paid the money to Wright
that gentleman was not a legislator,
and therefore does not come within the
range of Mr. Green's denial. He does
not deny, however, that he paid money
to Wright to influence his vote for Sen
ator. He also claims that $750 was all
the money paid by him to Wright or on
Wright's account.
Green does not remember the name
1 of the man to whom he paid 5750 on
| Wright's account. The handing out of
, $750 checks is evidently so common a
thing with Mr. Green that a little thing
! like the name of the man he gave them
j to made no more than a passing im
pression. He does remember, though,
that whoever it was lived in Berkeley
j and that he telephoned to him to come
i to his office in Oakland immediately on
\ receipt of a letter from Wright written
i at the Sutter Club in this city request
ing him to pay the amount for him.
i Wright's creditor turned up shortly
after he received the message and was
duly handed his money, for which he
gave a receipt, now in the possession of
| Mr. Green. Mr. Green has, however,
I not seen him since, and wrack his mem
; ory as he may, cannot recall his name
1 — nor his telephone number.
The facts concerning the downfall of
1 a member of the State Legislature hay*
j been published in these columns. They
j are respectfully submitted to the peo
: pie of the State whose interests are in
j volved and to the Legislature itself,
| which is, or should be, vitally concerned
i for the honorable and lawful conduct
i of its members.
GREEN fN THEROLE"
OF A PHILANTHROPIST
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 15.— There Is a general feel
ing among members of the Legislature to
night that Grant's contest for a place in
the United States Senate has very nearly
I reached an inglorious finish. If there
were a lingering shadow of doubt in the
public mind that the Grant campaign for
the Senatorship began in boodllng and
has been marked by boodling at every
stage of its progress, it is now vanishing.
It is within the province of the Legisla
ture to ascerttain how much money was j
paid by the agents of Grant, to whom
they paid it and where it was paid.
A dull season In real estate may have
affected localities outside of Alameda
County, and perhaps Milton Green in his
goodness helped other Assemblymen than
Speaker Wright to tide over the distress
of a bad year.
It is a remarkable fact that the chief
sufferers of the dull season In real estate
were candidates for the Legislature.
When Mr. Green was appealed to for as
sistance he did not think to advise the
applicants to appeal to the local banks
and money lending agencies for financial
assistance, but generously advanced the
money himself. He was not a Shylock,
but rather a «r»nerous Swiftwater Bill
who threw out bis money lavishly to all
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1899.
members of the Legislature . who hap
pened to dwell in the zone of financial dis
tress. He was not an exacting money
lender. He placed no mortgage on the I
chattels or real estate of those on whom j
he bestowed his beneficence. He did not i
ask for a promissory note. The little
obligations were debts of honor due to a ;
dry seasori and dullness in real |
Since trie generous aownpbu'r of January I
rains there has been activity In real estate
circles, and Mr. Wright, whose obligations
to Milton Green have been the subject of
unpleasant comment in the press, has ar
ranged to pay back the money obtained.
Our , contemporaries, too jealous or en-
Rev. A. B. Banks denounces the Republican committee of Sacramento
County for endeavoring to coerce and browbeat Assemblyman W. D. Knights into
voting for Daniel M. Burns for United States Senator.
vious to concede all that the people
claim for The Call, must admit that this
journal is certainly a success as a collect
ing agency.
Little news was obtained in the Burns
camp to-night. There was quiet rejoicing
that the hand of the Grant managers had
j been shown in the act of showering
money, but no predictions were made of
gains for the colonel on the balloting to
morrow. The touts have their lines for
La Barre and Wade and have not given
up the hope of corraling Dunlap, Ander
son and Knights. The sentiment in
i Sacramento is almost universal that
Knights will not succumb to bluster or
persuasion in the interest of Burns. His
manly course in the joint convention last
Saturday is still the topic of talk in
Sacramento.
BULLA'S FRIENDS ARE
STANDING FIRM
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 15.— The friends and sup
porters of the Senatorial candidacy of
Senator Robert N. Bulla feel greatly en
couraged to-night. All nine of the mem
bers of the Senate and Assembly who
have been voting for Bulla have again
decided to stand firm to him on the bal
lots to be taken Monday and Tuesday.
There was some apprehension lest one of
the Senatorial and one of the Assembly
men supporters of Bulla might leave him
and go to Grant on Tuesday or Wednes
day, out to-day's developments have de
stroyed that prospect. No Los Angeles
County votes will now go to Grant fur
ther than the one he has already obtained
in the person of the pledge-breaker. As
semblyman O. H. Huber.
Three prominent Los Angeles Republi
cans arrived to-night to assist Senator
Bulla. They were Judge J. W. McKinley,
Ferd K. Rule. Chairman of the Republi
can City Central Committee, and Frank
J. Thomas, ex-Assistant City Attorney.
Judge McKinley. in an interview, said:
"Senator Bulla is the choice of nine
tenths of the Republicans of Los Angeles
County for Senator and nine-tenths of
our people believe that it is the duty of
the Los Angeles County representatives
in the Legislature to stand firm and true
to the instructions given them by the
county convention. Those instructions
were to vote for Bulla as long as he was
a factor in the contest and he is certainly
a very considerable factor right now. At
the request of a number, of local Republi
cans Mr. Rule, Mr. Thomas and myself
have come to Sacramento to assist Sen
ator Bulla in this fight. There were 754
delegates in the Republican County Con
vention and after a thorough canvass of
them, the Grant men could obtain less
than thirty signatures to a telegram ask
ing our legislators to leave Bulla and go
to Grant. . There is no sentiment among
the people of Los Angeles County favor
able to Grant at this time."
Superior Judge J. W. Noyes of River
side arrived this evening. The Judge
states that he has no Senatorial prefer
ence, but has merely come to watch the
contest for a few days.
LOS ANGELbS FOR
BURNS NOT AT ALL
. LOS ANGELES. Jan. 15.— The Republi
cans who favor the election of Robert N.
Bulla for Senator began an active cam
paign in his behalf to-day. This work is
to -be systematically pursued by city
wards. The defeat of Dan j Burns is de
sired, as the wires in hand have that ob
ject in' view.
The Los Angeles County delegation is
instructed to stand by Bulla, and should
a contingency arise that would indicate
his defeat this delegation is instructed to
vote for a Southern California man, which
means Grant, and under no circumstances
must a vote be cast for Burns. The Eighth'
Ward is the first to lead off in this effort
in Bulla's behalf by the signing of the fol
lowing petition addressed to C. M. Simp
son:
We, the Republicans of the Eighth Ward
of this city, request that you vote and labor
for the election of Hon. Robert N. Bulla for
United States Senator until a majority of the
delegation from this county decide otherwise;
then vote for a Southern California man.
GEORGE P. PHIBBE. D. F. BRANT and
fifty other Republicans. ■ . ■.
That the election of Dan Burns is not
desired is evidenced by the following tele
gram addressed to C. M. Simpson, signed
by J. Griffith:
"If we cannot have Bulla, for God's sake
stand together and vote for a Southern
! California man." \
Mr. Griffith, who is a . well ' known . capi
talist, and. who presented this city with a
i 2000-acre park,", tsvfi-:;* Gr- fit. ■ That the
1 cfia- <*c f '£•' P«r*.ter i Ac
j Burns If Bulla fails to reach is shown by.
the following telegram • sent *to■.C. -M.
Simpson by W.B.- Morgan: \ ■■!.,.• •
"Vote for Bulla first until delegation de
cides otherwise; then vote for Grant or
any Southern California man."
The following telegram , sent to- CM.
Simpson by George P. Phibbe and D. F.
Brant is self-explanatory:
"We have demanded your delegation to
support you until you decide otherwise;
then a Southern California man."
A Fight for a Secretaryship.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 15.— 1t is very probable that
at the first meeting of the State Lunacy
Commission which is held, strong pres
sure will be brought to bear upon the
members of the commission to make a
change in the secretaryship of the com
mission. The position is at present held
by John F. Carrere of Los Angeles, who
is a Silver Republican.
The State Lunacy Commission includes
the Governor, the Secretary of State, the
Attorney General and Drs. Hatch and
Mathews.
There is no fixed term of office provided
for the secretary under the law which
created the commission. He holds office
during the pleasure of the commission.
The position Is a very nice one. The du
ties are not arduous and the salary is $250
per month.
There are a number of applicants for
this fat job. among the number being-
Edward Casey of San Francisco, at pres
ent clerk of Judge Troutt's department
of the Superior Court.
John Morton of Los Angeles County is
also an applicant for the position. He
was formerly the secretary to the medical
director of the Southern California
Asylum for the Insane.
Before the fight for the secretaryship is
ended ther© will probably be other candi
dates who will spring up.
VIGOROUS TALK
IN THE PULPIT
ON CORRUPTION
Sacramento and San Francisco
Ministers Condemn
Politicians.
Scandals in the Senatorial Fight Bring
Forth Bitter Denunciations in
the Churches of the
Two Cities.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- (
MENTO, Jan. 15.— Rev. A. B. Banks,
the pastor of the First Baptist Church
of this city, delivered a sermon from his
pulpit this evening in the course of
which he took occasion to vigorously
denounce the action of the Republican i
County Central Committee of Sacra- j
mento for its efforts to coerce Assem- j
byman W. D. Knights into voting for j
the Candelarian colonel for Senator of j
the United States against the will and i
in violation of what he conceived to be
his duty to his constituents.
Rev. Mr. Banks in very vigorous Eng
lish stated that in pursuing the course
they had the members of the committee
were violating the very principles upon
which the American Government was
founded, for they were endeavoring to
destroy the individual conscience and
the individual freedom of a public ser
vant who was aiming to dis
charge his duty to the people he repre
sented as the light he had to guide him
indicated to him he should.
The sermon Rev. Mr. Banks delivered
was upon the general proposition that
the average type of Christian people
find themselves content to speak in
ordinary platitudes of that which ia
vile, vicious and demoralizing. He
said, however, that there was another
type^of Christian spirit that sought im
mediately to overthrow sin wherever
it was to be found.
After discussing this subject for a
time Mr. Banks said:
It is a great conflict that has been wag
ing for the last few days at the State
House in this city. The Christian people
of this State have felt their blood cours
ing through their veins hot with indigna
tion. They have felt as did old John
Adams in the State House at Boston
when he rose up and refused to move one
inch as long as the guns of British
tyranny menaced him.
An attempt has been made on the part
of a central club here in this our own
city to menace and browbeat a man and
a representative of the people into doing
something which his conscience and his
conception of duty tells him he should not
do.
This is an important and a vital ques
tion, and it concerns every Christian citi
zen of the capital city of this golden
State. Can *. handful of men gather and
attempt to dictate and coerce a public
servant, or is that duly elected repre
sentative of the people to be permitted
to decide for himself what is right and
just for him to do.
I tell you that it is all wrong. The
man is the thing. He must act on his
own responsibility, and what he does he
must stand for and answer to the people
whom he represents. We do not want
any committee to speak for our repre
sentative, nor do we want any committee
to attempt to coerce or browbeat him.
When a company of individuals get to
gether and pretend to speak upon sub
jects which they are not authorized to
speak upon and which they have never
been directed to speak upon by the body
which created them and gave them an
official existence, and also attempt to de
lude the public into believing that they
are speaking for you and for me, they
are breaking down or endeavoring to
break down the very principles of free
government.
I do not desire this evening to make any
Invidious comparisons between candi
dates for the Senatorship. and I will not
do so. But I do desire to denounce this
attempt of a band of interested men to
bring pressure upon an individual to
compel him to violate his conscience and
his judgment as not true to American
principles and as a menace to the future
of the republic.
In this hour of trial the church must
stand up. We must say to public servants,
"If you do right and do what your con
science tells you is right we will be with
you. But if you do not do right, we will
be against you." If the church does not
do this it will be like putty in the hands
of those who desire to use it for their
own sinful purposes.
The sermon of Rev. Mr. Banks was
attentively listened to, and at is close a
number of his parishioners came for
ward, grasped his hand and extended
to him their congratulations on the
courageous position he had taken.
"SOW BOSSISM,
REAP DEADLOCKS"
Rev. William Rader Denounces
Dan Barns From the
Pulpit.
Prelude to evening sermon by the
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church:
The people of California are interested
in the Senatorial contest at Sacramento.
They ought to be, because the office of
Senator is the opportunity of the people
to have a vote and voice upon matters
which concern mankind. The Senate has
been the arena for the notable debates in
our national history; it is the sacred
workshop of the republic, where laws
are made and the forces of progress set
in motion. The annals of the Senate are
rich in great names. Great orators,
statesmen and diplomats have enrolled
their names on the nation's honor roll in
the Senate. No cathedral or church is in
the last analysis more sacred. No priest
or preacher occupies a position affording
a greater moral advantage than the Unit
ed States Senator. The office clothes him
with the royal purple of authority. It is
therefore a matter of concern to the
Christian community — this Senatorial
nght.
It concerns every man who has political
self-respect, regardless of his church or
his party. Churches have dwelt too long
upon the heaven that is to come. Their
plain duty is to bring in a heaven- here
and now. A step toward this divine dream
is placing a man in the United States Sen
i ate who shall be a witness to the higher
i life and better culture of California.
The contest at Sacramento is being
waged over a man accused of political in
trigue and industrial dishonesty. He is
branded as one who has looked through
the bars of a prison. If one-half that has
been said of Dan Burns be true, then Cal
ifornia would disgrace her name before
the world by naming him as her repre
i sentative in Washington. Accordingly
the Capitol at Sacramento is being
! stormed by an aroused public opinion ex
tending from Shasta to San Diego.
The respectability of the State stands
between Burns and the Senate with a
flaming sword In its uplifted hand. Under
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
I the light of that sword let us learn th«
i lessons of the hour. It requires no great
political insight to discern the malicious
causes of this state of affairs. Even a
' minister who is not supposed to know
i anything hut dogmatic theology may put
; two and two together and make four. He
| has sense enough to see that the mischief
i is caused in the methods of our election,
i and that if the good but belated people
i who are now passing resolutions and
i making a fuss had taken more interest in
i the election, including the primaries, mat
| ters might be different.
If we sow bossism in the election we
reap deadlocks in the Legislature.
When good men suffer bad men to con
duct their campaigns, then the political
logic is that these good men must recog
nize their obligations. There is some debt
paying going on at Sacramento. It Is not
log-rolling; it is the result of log-rolling.
; It is the old game of tit for tat. If Burns
I was good enough for certain men last
: fall, then he should not be repudiated by
those men now, unless for reasons which
are invisible. Such is the logic of the
deadlock.
1 The devil in our political situation Is
! the boss. That Is the trouble in New
! York, in Pennsylvania, in Chicago. Power
tells, whether in coin or in "pulls."
Why does not Governor Gage assert
himself at this time? It has been said he
holds the key to the situation. I will tell
i you why. There is a string to that key
extending back to the election. Burns
i made him. or assisted in making him Gov
• ernor of this State.
Another lesson to be learned is that
! there is a powerful public opinion in the
State which is being let loose on all sides,
and which contains the principles of good
government; it is disorganized, but dyna
! mic. It has no leader, carries no flag
! save the stars and strides, but is animated
I with a lofty purpose. It does not Know
who it wants for United States Senator,
i but it Is clear on one point— it knows who
lis not wanted. It does not want Dan
| Burns for United States Senator. It does
, not want the boss either in the city of
; San Francisco or in California, ft is
barely possible that It has uttered its
I wrath too late. The mud that is now
I thrown should have been thrown three
! months ago. There are times when
I Christianity is advanced by revivals and
] evangelists, by orthodox sermons and
i prayers, but there are other times when
its advancement depenus upon the
church's power to witness to a stand
ard and to rise up and act through its
representatives. Such a time is here. Let
me hear no one say, "This is none of the
church's business;" it is the concern of
the churches just as much as it is the
concern of the saloons.
- The preacher is a citizen not less than
j the pugilist. Citizenship is the preroga
! tive of the people, not of the politicians
; only. It is the business of men. regard
less of sect, color or creed, to object to a
man in the United States Senate, elected,
not on his merits, but on his ability to
get votes for other people. It is the re
ligious duty of the churches to stamp
out the vicious boss system in California.
What are we here for? What good is
our formal worship If we close our eyes
to the political evils around us? If Chris
| tianity means anything it means action.
I The lesson at Sacramento is an illustra
| tion of the dangerous elements in our
i State politics. The Senatorial contest is a
i political symptom of a State disease. The
almost unanimous protest now being
sent to Sacramento is animated by no par
tisan or low political motive. It is the
powerful outburst of our self respect. It
is California honor which thunders
through the halls of legislation. It is the
lightning of the State conscience which
flashes around the Capitol. In a humble
j way we mingle our voices with that in
: creased thunder, made up of religious so
cieties, ministerial unions and individual
opinion from every quarter of the State.
•
REV, DR. COYLE ON
POLITICAL CONDITIONS
OAKLAND. Jan. 15.— Modern, states
manship, as lately ememplified at Sac
ramento, came in for a bitter scoring
at the hands of Rev. Dr. Coyle at the
First Presbyterian Church to-night.
His text, Neh. v: 15, "But so did not I
because of the fear of God," proved
quite apropos.
He pictured Nehemiah as a model
statesman of BiblJcal times, because he
had the courage to say "no," and at
length the speaker touched upon the
local political arena. In part he said:
Hitherto we have been proud to tell our
boys that in this country a rail-splitter
might reach the White House; a mule
driver on the tow path become President;
a cobbler become Vice-President; a tan
ner rise to the supreme place in America.
But a change has come, Judging by the
spectacle at Sacramento and elsewhere.
It looks as though our boys will soon have
to be told that in glorious America crooks
may go to Congress and members of the
"sporting gang" to the United States Sen
ate, and ploygamlsts find seats In tht2
MINISTERS TALK PLAINLY ON POLITICAL CORRUPTION
highest councils «f the nation. And it: all
comes about because of \l}e ready "yea,"
because voters and office-seekers and of
fice-holders haven't stamina enough to
say "no."
They fall down before the party lash.
They allow themselves to be whipped into
line. They go with the current; they give
way to tne "push"; they sell out because
they lack the stiff, sturdy manliness to
resist. Think of a lot of legislators, the
chosen representatives of the people, bal
loting and balloting with no more inde
pendence than an ass on a treadmill.
What a beautiful spectacle the ready
"yes" is making of a good many of our
legislators at Bacramento. Without back
bone, independence, conscience, pnt-iotism
or public weal, or tl ' own weal, they
foi ow n scheming and unscrupulous boss
as a lot of stupid and unreasoning sheep
folio- the bell-wether of the flock. The
disgrace of a gr#it State, the disurae. of
the United States Senate, the displeasure
and denunciation of the best elements of
tho people, weigh as nothing against the
purse and 'til of a pnmblinc racetrack,
youth-destroying candidate for a great
and noble office. With a ready "yes"
they propose to send B political trickster
and' unprincipled wire-puller, a man al
reridy damned by his record, to the cham
ber once adorned by such men as Webster
and Clay and Gnrfield and Blame.
«]F GHJUST SJHOULD QO
INTO JHE C^ITOLT
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 15.— "1f Christ should co
Into the Capitol."
It was a startling theme and a wide
departure from the usual pood old
Methodist sermon that Rev. S. J. Car
rol gave to his congregation last even
ing at Sixth-street Methodist Church.
His text he took from the story of the
third and last visitation of Christ into
Jerusalem, w hen he went up into the
temple and with whip of knotted cord
drove out the buyers and the sellers,
the money lenders and the horde of
Pharisees that had pledged the honor
of the Holy City to Mammon and the
greed of gain. His inspiration he gath
ered from this mob of present-day
Pharisees that has come into the capi
tal city to barter a Senatorship and
throw into the scales against the price
of it the honor and future of the men
they need to effect their ends.
I'lysses S. Grant Jr. he pictured as
the son of his father, but an example
racy. The honor and laurels
the elder Grant fought to win the son
would buy, with gold and honor as the
price. Dani'-l M. Burns, the Mexican
candidate, he stripped with blade of
keenest English and laid him in all his
unlovoliness before the eyes of his con
itlon. In biting phrase he scored
the methods both men have used in
their unholy fight and the men they
have brought t<> make it. and called for
the pi ay- rs of his Hock to high heaven
to rid this city of- future spectacles of
as disgraceful aspect With the wrong
doing of Howard E. Wright, Sneaker
of the Assembly, he dealt at length,
but in pity and with untold sympathy
for a man BO weak, though the. men
who have accomplished his downfall he
did not sp
The Rev. Oarrol is one of the most
eloquent of Sacramento's divines, and
to-night the vigor a..d brilliance of his
sermon held the interest of his congre
gation throughout. Of the politics of
the day he said:
The saddest thing in the history of any
city is Christ's last visit to Jerusalem,
•when he drove out the Pharaaee.s from the
lemple and gave out ihe last invitation to
God's mercy. Human needs, human sins
and human virtues were the same then as
thry are now, and I believe as we have
prayed, that, aa of old. Christ will come
to the temple, tho Capitol here in our city.
Whether or not he could effect a regenera
tion I know not, but we will pray that he
may.
If he could but Ipofc at the example
that is provided for our young men on
the streets: ko along the streets nnd lis
ten; look through the swinging baize
doors Into these dens where, politics are
made, and could »cc that which Is In the
hearts to-day of the men who make them,
what would he do? What would he do,
my brethren? Would he go into that
temple with his whip of cord or would he
enter in woe, as he stood over Jerusalem
on that 1;: m sad day?
What would he say if he could see men
and women following in the wake of a
plan discredited from Mexico to Oregon,
repudiated by the -ress of his own party,
held up to the obloquy and shame of hon
e-t men, begging, buying, stealing votes
for him that he might be our representa
tive in the Senate? A man discredited, a
man unfit, who, even here in our city, has
tried to force our representatives to do
his will.
Even if he were innocent of the charges
made against him. and all the press were
slanderers, this rare track candidate
would still be not lit. with the cloud of
EUHPtoion that must hang over one of his
awful calling, and 1 do not believe that
there is a Christian man or woman in
our community or in the county who
will a^re-- with thp County Central' Com
m'ttee which yesterday instructed our
representatives to get into line with this
representative from the race tracks.
And to-ilay J have heard from a man
who knows a thing that has depressed
and made sad of neart indeed, that a
eon of one of the grandest, the most sub
lime men that ever lived, that this coun
try ev.-r knew, has with his father's
money helped to complete the ruin of
one weak man who is silting as a legisla
tor in yonder house of law. If it he true
that this young man, who had every
bright prospect and promise of brilliant
future, has taken $1600 as a consideration
for his vote, how unhappy will be that
young man's to-morrow; how sad for that
man nis future. And If Christ should go
into the Capitol and see these things,
would he. I repeat, go in with the lash
or would he come with woe and warning?
Tlear.ye.my brethren, unless we purge our
streets, our corners and our Capitol of
thesp awful things, God's visitation will
be upon us. Let us pray that they may
cea«e. _________^^
Knight Looks for a Break.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-
MENTO, Jan. 15.-George A. Knight re
turned this evening, as he says, for the
purpose of "being on hand a little ahead
of the break that will take place on Tues
day."
Mr. Knight thinks that the coming week
will develop a general scattering in the
Senatorial forces of some of the leading
candidates, and then he thinks he will be
in the race as a factor. R. B. Carpenter
has returned to help out Burns. Ex-United
States Marshal George E. Gard has come
up from Los Angeleß, as he nays, "to help
rick the winner, but he declines to name
him yet.
SENATOR BRAUNHART
EXPLAINS HIS POSITION
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 15.— Senator Braunhart
made the following statement on the floor
of the Senate Saturday in reply to cer
tain published statements concerning
bills introduced by him:
"For the first time In my legislative
career I am under the necessity of rising
to a question of privilege. There appeared
in the Chronicle of January 1 an article
which charged me with proposing to in
troduce a measure in this Legislature
which was- denounced by It as a gigantic
steal, and In effect that there was a cor
rupt lobby behind it. Now the facts are
that the measure referred to was sent to
me along with other bills by the Hon.
Tirey L. Ford, then attorney for the
Board of ' Harbor Commissioners during
the last session, providing for the ex
change of certain lots on the water front
with the heirs of the Frank estate in or
der that a bridge might be constructed
from the ferry to Market street for the
convenience of pedestrians. The bill was
passed unanimously by the Senate, but
was for some reason defeated in the
House. I had no interest in the matter
whatsoever, the bill being introduced by
request. Having been informed by Mr.
Stratton and also by Regent R?instein of
the Fniversity of California, attorney for
the Frank heirs, that there was no neces
sity for ihe passage of the bill because
the Code of Civil Procedure gave ample
power to the Board of Harbor Commis
sioners to effect the exchange of realty
referred to. For this reason I never con
templated to introduce this bill during ihe
present session, there being no necessity
for it, and if introduced it Is my purpose
to oppose its passage.
"In to-day's Chronicle there appears an
article in which the insinuation is strong
that I have not introduced these bills re
ferred to in the article in good faith, and
were It not for the fact that a number of
new Senators are unacquainted with my
record in official life, I would refrain from
adverting to it. If I am guilty of any
thing it may be the zeal with whicli I
usually urge favorable action upon my
measures before the Senate.
"The hold-over Senators know me and
I am convinced that they will do me the
SUNDAY AS SPENT BY SOME OF THE LEGISLATORS.
justice that in no vote of mine have I
been actuated by other than conscientious
motives.
"I have introduced no bill affecting
pawnbrokers. The bill in reference to 'in
terest' reduces the legal rate of interest
to 5 per cent, which rate obtains in most
of the States of the Union. There were
two bills in reference to pawnbrokers in
troduced at the last session and I voted
against both of them. I do not favor or
oppress any calling, even though that be
the loaning of money to the poor.
"So far as the bi.l regulating the
charges of stenographers is concerned, a
like measure introduced by me during the
last session received the indorsement edi
torially of The Call, Chronicle and Exam
iner. The abuses of the police courts in
reference to these matters cried aloud for
redress. As high as $7000 per annum as
charges against the city for reporting
cases in a police court of San Francisco
have been collected. >^iten innocent per^
sons are held to answer before the Supe
rior Court for no other reason except lo
pile up fees for the official reporter.
"I shall press this measure before this
body, as I did during the last session.
when the bill was defeated in the Assem
bly for reasons well understood.
"I have no controversy with the report
ers of the press as a class, though some
of them do not seem to understand the re
sponsibility of their calling. In my case.
I am laboring under the disadvantage, of
having incurred the displeasure of asso
ciates of boodlers and lickspittles, of vul
gar and corrupt political bosses, who are
determined to destroy my reputation for
probity of character and honesty of pur
pose, acquired during years of servitude
In the interest of the people."
To: Test Fertilizers.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 15.— Assemblyman \V. S.
Mellick of Pasadena, Los Angeles County,
will in a few days introduce a bill in the
Assembly which will provide that all fer
tilizers used in the State shall be an
alyzed at the State University. A printed
copy of the analysis of the fertilizer made
at the university must be placed in every
package of' the preparation sold, and if on
analysis It Is found that any package
fails to come up to requirements
pritited the manufacturer is to be subject
ed to a penalty. This bill Mr. Mellick
will Introduce at the request of the farm
ers of the State, and the object of it is to
protect them from imposition on the part
of dealers and manufacturers againßt
"fake" fertilizers.
Assemblyman Mellick will also Intro
duce' at an early day a bill to amend the
horticultural law providing for a quaran
tine under certain conditions against Ha
waiian fruit whenever it is found to be
diseased. This bill is presented at the In
stance of the State Horticultural conven
tion, and George Compere, who is now in
Hawaii, where he was sent by the Board
of Supervisors of Lob Angeles County to
cultivate a parasite that will destroy the
purple scale. The parasite has been
round, and Mr. Compere is raising them
for shipment to Southern California.
General Barnes Gains Strength.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 15.— General W. H. L.
Barnes, accompanied by his lieutenants,
Theo Reichert and A. G. Booth, returned
from San Francisco this evening. Sev
eral members of the Legislature who have
not yet enrolled themselves under the
banner of General Barnes, went to his
headquarters and paid him the compli
ment of a friendly call. It is predicted
that the balloting to-morrow will record
a sain in the general's strength. Hlb sup
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 1(5, 1899.
porters are receiving letters from home,
highly commending their course in voting
for the general.
Much interest is anticipated in the pro
ceedings of the Assembly to-morrow.
Governor Gage may attend and listen to
the speeches.
Three Important Labor Bills.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. bACRA
MENTO, Jan. 15.— Assemblyman J. B.
Sanford of Mendocino County has intro
duced in the Assembly three important
labor bills affecting the workers in the
lumber districts of the northern part of
the State.
One is Assembly bill No. 83, which regu
lates the hours of employment of laborers
In saw mills, shake mills, shingle mills
and logging camps.
The bill provides that a day's work in
these mills and camps shall not be over
ten hours' duration. The measure is
drafted along the lines of the Utah eight
hour law for miners, which Act the Su-
Sreme Court of the United States has
eclared to be constitutional.
At present the men in the lumber camps
are compelled to labor from twelve to
fourteen hours per day.
Assemblyman Sanford has also intro
duced in the lower house a measure,
l known as Assembly bill No. 84, which pro
| vides that at least one hour each'tvorking
day shall be given for all workmen in
I all branches of employment for the mid
j day meal.
Ihe third measure is known as As
sembly bill No. 85 and its object is to
make blacklisting of employes unpopular.
I It makes it a felony to publish or cause
to be published a black list of employes.
Mr. Sanford's idea is that if the law is
enacted and enforced it will give working
men protection and guarantee to them
more independence if they desire to ex
ercise it.
These measure are now being discussed
by the labor unions and trades councils
throughout the State. They will probably
be approved and petitions forwarded to
Sacramento asking the Legislature to c.•
-act them. They have been referred to tne
Assembly Committee on Labor and Cap
ital.
THE BURNS PUSH
HINTS EXTRA SESSION
The flying trip of some of the star mem
bers of the Burns push from Sacramento,
which covered the "business" section of
the town yesterday, did not create much
noise, but left some very decided impres
sions along the line. Such men as Wolfe
and Bettman, who are regarded as be
longing: to the * main squeeze," conducted
themselves in a very subdued manner,
and, for reasons not explained, were not
much In evidence. However, they confid
ed to their friends that they saw very lit
tle pro&pect of a radical change in the
Senatorial fight this week; that Burns
was in the contest to stay as long as the
battle lasted, and that he was not telling
anybody how long he thought that would
bo.
Mose Gunst has heretofore been re
garded as a reliable oracle, but the Mexi
can colonel seems to have lost faith in
the ability of Mose to keep inside infor
mation to himself, and has therefore
ceased to make a confident of his gam
bling partner. As a result the common
herd are all at sea as to what is about
to happen.
One reason jrtven for the quick trip of
the push to oHs city was that there was
considerable anxiety to know something
more about the probable proceedings or
one Colonel Ma.zuma. In addition to cre
ating this impression the Senator makers
left on their trail a very pronounced idea
that the Senatorial question would oc
cupy so much time that in order to trans
act the necessary business of State legis
lation it would become incumbent upon
Governor Gage to call an extra session of
the Legislature.
They sought to convey the idea that
the deadlock would last till after the end
of the session; that the Legislature would
work a few days without pay, and then
adjourn, thus forcing the Governor to
call them back to go on with their labors
at regular wages.
There are pretty shrewd politicians in
this city who look upon such a result as
very probable. In support of such a
theory they point to the fact that the
Legislature has been In session two weeks
and has accomplished nothing except to
pass a bill appropriating money with
which to run the State printing office,
thereby making It possible to war over
the Senatorial question. , . ■.
Should the hints thrown out prove >to
be well founded the prospects for accom
plishing important legislation are not
very assuring unless the Burns forces are
able to carry out a plan to force an-ex
tra session. On the other hand, there are
those who assert that before such a condi
tion of affairs comes to pass something
hard and heavy will fall upon Daniel and
smash the Senatorial bee now buzzing
within his bonnet.
SERIOUS CONSEQUENCES
OF A WOMAN'S DEATH
A Coroner Mobbed and a Free-For-
All Fight Among Members of
a Jewish Tabernacle.
WEST SUPERIOR, Wis.. Jan. 15.— There
are likely to be sensational developments
in the case of Mrs. Wilfoung, who is
thought to have been buried alive. Cor
oner Downs of this city, acting on the
order of District Attorney Ross, went
to Duluth to-day with the Intention of
disinterring the remains for the holding
of a post mortem examination to deter
mine the cause of death, as demanded by
relatives of the woman. Word was xe
ceived to-night that the Duluth author
ities had issued a permit to allow the
body to be brought to this city. Coroner
Downs, with a hearse, went to the grave
and commenced to open it. While so
enpaged a mob of 150 Jews of the faction
opposed to the disinterment attacked him
and he was compelled to desist. Downs
returned here under close surveillance.
He proposes to go out about midnight
with enough of a following to bring the
body to tl :s city, where Dr. Conklin will
hold an examination to-morrow.
In the Jewish tabernacle this afternoon
a riot took place between the factions,
brothers and relatives of the dead woman
attacking Wilfoung. her husband. A
free-for-all fight ensued. The police
quelled the row. No arrests were made.
BUT ONE TOPIC
IN CONVERSATION
The Downfall of Wright Absorbs Attention
in Sacramento.
Rumors of Bribery Affecting Other Members of
the Legislature May Soon Be Verified
and Exposed.
BY HENRY JAMES.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 15.— 1n the places where
politicians congregate there has been to
day but a single topic and this the arrign
ment of Speaker Wright. There are
friends who stilK stand by him who de
dare he will be able to clear himself, but
they do not seem sanguine, and they
manifest a feeling of pain and sorrow
that their associate should have fallen.
To me had come the duty of writing
with entire frankness concerning Wright
and his action in going over to Burns. I
think no more pitiful spectacle was ever
presented in a public body. Wright knew
he was bringing upon himself the con
demnation of good people, that no excuse
he could offer could make his act seem
other than despicable, and that the good
name he had wantonly thrown away
could never again be his. It seemed to
me an incident to excite commiseration
and sympathy , for I thought the man,
shrinking and cringing in his seat,
flushed with a sense of shame, must have
been led by stress of some dire circum
stance into an attitude so abject.
As to the later developments. I have had
no part in searching them out. and the
revelations came to me as to others as a
surprise, depressing and deplorable. Were
not the facts indisputable, to believe the
charge would tax human credulity. I
supposed that Wright had listened to the
sour of the camp followers of Burns, that
I he had been deluded with promises, Riven
i a false idea of his duty, made subject to
malign and forceful influences, and would
in the end possibly see his error.
This was probably the sentiment of the
average observer not deeply versed in the
ways of politics. They did not know the
essential villainy underlying the scheme
of which they saw the outward manifes
tation. They could not think the Speaker
had been bought for a price, "or if such an
' idea came into their minds it surely was
j not coupled with the notion that Wright,
! having sold himself to one party, had
', delivered the goods to another. There is
■ prevalent, ana recognized- as logical, a
i doctrine as to honor among thieves, and
for this doctrine to fail among states
men is to put them on a lower moral
j plane than the thieves occupy. When any
I man so far forgets honor, the obligations
to friends, the traditions of decency, as
to sell himself, he certainly sinks even
lower by a refusal to stay bought.
It is no part of my duty to try Mr.
Wright. The charges have been made,
and doubtless he will be given every op
f portunity for defense. The episode is
i tragic. Here is a promising career closed,,
! a reputation blighted, or at least the
i unbiased judgment can reach no other
j conclusion. Here is a good name risked
i and lost, and all for so paltry an induce
. ment, though that such a name is "rather
to be chosen than great riches" is a truth
! which has stood for ag«s Immovable and
unassailed.
There are rumors of bribery affecting
other, members and they are being run
down. It any member is here with a vote
; for sale or with the price of a sold .one,
the outlook for nim is not pleasant, and
I I imagine him wondering when his turn
j shall come to be exposed, for that It is
coming he need have no doubt.
Several ministers here to-day took for
texts the general political situation, and
the forces of corruption can find little
comfort in what was said. Burns and his
touts are particularly scored, and so were
the organizations which are trying to
coerce members into voting against con
science and the desire of constituents. A
tremendous pressure has been brought to
bear upon Knights of Sacramento to
make him vote for Burns. Knights has
withstood it like a man, and his best
friends declare he ■will never yield. Never
theless, the Burns lambkins claim him,
just as they claim almost everybody else.
They still maintain that the colonel can
not be defeated, but what they base their
assertions on I am unable to divine.
Their "reserve strength" is a fiction in
reiteration of the size and overwhelming
impre6siveness of which they take great
delight, but they do not trot it out. It is
evidently something too precious to be
looked at. Further than to say again
that Burns has not a ghost of a show
I am -willing to leave guessing to others
for the present, confessing up to date to
having made a few misses.
Efforts to elevate and purify the coun
cils of the State are not always appre
ciated. There are threats to bar all Call
attaches from the Assembly. Considering
the source of the threats, they can be
taken as a compliment. I do not know
that the matter will come to a vote, but
am convinced that In no event would an
honest legislator support the move. Such,
as are ashamed or afraid might do so,
and by that act proclaim the manner of
men they are. Doubtless there are mem
bers who would like to have all papers
not only barred from the Capitol but
pitched off the earth. When one observed
people so scary as this the presumption
that they have strong personal reasons
for it naturally follows, and to exploit the
reasons may be a melancholy but impera
tive duty.
To-morrow the balloting will proceed,
but interest may be in a measure diverted
to the aspect of affairs brought to light
by The Call. This is all there is talked of
to-night, and to get a closer view of it
several people came up from the city to
night, enough lawyers being in the crowd
to excite a remark that "somethin" seemed
to be doing." There will be full accounts
of it, for there are riot enough legislators
in Sacramento to conduct public business
on any closed door basis.
Senatorial aspirants are back after a
Sunday vacation. They all hope for a
break, and each one that when tne break
eventuates he will fall heir to the hopes
which are to be wrested from the leaders
QUAY IS CONFIDENT"
OF HIS RE-ELECTION
His Opponents, However, Declare He
Will Be Badly Beaten for
United States Senator.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. IS.— This was
an off day with the legislators and poli
ticians. Chairman Elkin of the State Re
publican Committee is r.ere in the interest
of Senator Quay and F. A. Yanvalken
burg of the Business Men's League is
looking- after the anti-Quay forces. The
headquarters of the two factions were
closed to-day and no efforts were made
by either side to make votes.
Mr. Elkin said to-night that he had
every reason to believe that Senator
Quay would be re-elected. Mr. Vanval
kenburg said just the reverse. He claims
that not a break has been made in the
anti-Quay lines, and predicts that Mr.
Quay will fall twenty-five short of a ma
jority in the House on Tuesday.
"Senator Quay's third defeat will fol
low on Wednesday," Vanvalkenburg
said, "when on joint ballot there will be
a majority against him too large for him
to overcome. His managers know that
he cannot win and are only playing for
position and looking for a market."
Senator Quay's friends declare he is so
confident of his re-election that he will
start next Thursday for a month's fish
ing at St. Lucia, Fla. Senator Vest of
Missouri and Dr. L. "Waster Fox of
Philadelphia will go with him. There are
less than a score of legislators here to
night, and no one is certain as to the out
come of the contest. On the surface the
result is very much in doubt, and neither
faction is overconfident as to how the
fight will end.
MORE FIGHTING TAKES
PLACE IN THE °OUDAN
Egyptian Forces Reported to Have
Been Defeated and the Tenth
Battalion destroyed.
LONDON, Jan. 13.— The Morning Leader
publishes the following 1 dispatch from
Cairo: "Rumors are in circulation here
that on December 28 the Dervishes under
Emir Fedil, on the Blue Nile, defeated the
Egyptian forces, the Tenth Soudanese
Battalion being entirely destroyed. It is
reported that reinforcements are being
hurried to the scene and that another
battle Is imminent."
According to a dispatch from Cairo on
January 5 Colonel Lewis with a Soudan
ese regiment and a detachment of irregu
lar troops attacked Fedil, the last re
maining formidable Dervish chief, while
he was crossing the Blue Nile on De
cember 26 at the cataract south of Ro
sefro, storming the island on which Fedil
took up his position and capturing 150*)
Dervishes. Fedil, however, escaped with
300 followers.
AN AMERICAN HEIRESS
WHO WOULD NOT BE SOLD
Countess Bosemont de Rouge-Aix
Deserts Her Husband and Be-
comes a Governess.
LONDON, Jan. 15.— The. Vienna cor
respondent of the Daily Mall says:
Countess Rosemont de Rouge-Aix,
daughter of Mr. Steward, a Boston mil
lionaire, has been living in this city in
cognito as governess in a gentleman's
house. It appears that within a few
minutes after her wedding- she learned by
chance that the Count had only married
her because her father had promised to
pay his debts, amounting- to £300,000.
Overcome by this disclosure she ran away
as a protest against being sold in this
way, and eh© intends to earn her living
here until she can divorce her mercenary
husband.
Oldest Mason in Ohio Bead.
ASHLAND, 0., Jan. 15.— Major G. W.
Uiie, the first treasurer of Ashland Coun-
Iv. died to-day, agred 93. He was routed
to be the oldest Mason In Ohio.
MANY WITNESSES
WILL BE CULLED
Evidence Against Wilson
Murder Suspects.
WILL TRY TO PROVE mN ALIBI
THE LINE OF DEFENSE MILLEit
IS EXPECTED TO MAKE.
Mother and Children Are Denied Vis
itors While They Are Confined
in the Solano County
Jail.
SUISUN, Jan. 15.— "Squeeky" Wil
son's alleged slayers passed a quiet
Sunday in the seclusion of the Solano
County Jail at Fairfield. No visitors
were admitted to see them and their
meditations were undisturbed save
when their meals were brought to their
cell by the jailer.
Under Sheriff Robinson issued an
order last night that no one should be
admitted to the bastile to-day on any
pretext, and the order was strictly en
forced. Theie were but few who ap
plied for admission, however, as there
is very little curiosity among the resi
dents of Suisun and Fairfield to gaze
through the bars at mother, son and
daughter who are accused of the mur
der of the old rancher.
Mrs. Wilson's rather dramatic decla
ration yesterday to t the effect that if
she ever regained her liberty she would
devote the remainder of her life to solv
ing the mystery of the crime and run
ning- to earth the assassin of her ex
husband is regarded by those familiar
with the case as a rather late awaken
ing. It is remembered of her that at
the time of the murder she manifested j
no concern whatever to learn who was !
the perpetrator of the deed and took no
interest in the efforts to uncover the '
assassin. In fact, her indifference was !
the subject of general comment and i
was one of the chief causes of attract- |
ing suspicion to herself. She never even ;
expressed a desire, so far as is known,
to have the guilty party punished until :
she found herself in jail with the shad- j
ow of the gallows over her brother and '
the gates of the penitentiary yawning
to receive her mother and 'herself.
This being Sunday, District Attorney j
Devlin did not come up from his home i
in Vallejo, and Sheriff Savage is still ;
confined to his house with the mumps.
In the absence of these two officials
nothing definite can be said regarding |
the date of the preliminary hearing, i
It may be held some day the latter part
of the present week, in case the pros
ecution can get its witnesses here by
that time, as some of them live at a dis.
tance. However, as a few are not yet ;
located it is more than likely the hear
ing will not come up before some time
next week.
Among the witnesses who will be
summoned to testify by the prosecution
are the following: Lucy Owens, Wil
son's housekeeper, who saw the old
rancher shot down before her eyes; Ada
Rice, niece of Mrs. Owens, who was
stopping at the Wilson house on the
night of the murder; Daniel Wilson Jr.,
son of the murdered man, who informed
his mother that his father was about
to deed his ranch to Virgie O'Brien:
William Craig, Mrs. M. Hayes, Mrs.
Frank Carney and Sam Riley of Sel
bys, whose testimony is depended on to
connect Miller with the crime; Charles
Maples, who notified the people at the
McEwen ranch of the murder; George
Neary of Napa, who was employed on
the Wilson ranch and was first on the
scene of the killing; Henry Carpenter,
undertaker; Dr. Downiner, the physi
cian who examined Wilson'? body;
George Hughes of Napa, In whose pres
ence Mrs. Wilson is said to have ac
cused her brother. Miller, of the mur
der: Fred Bendel of Suisun. who it is
claimed will testify that Miller ad
mitted to him in a moment of confi
dence that he had to kill Wilson in
order to save the property for the chil
dren of the rancher; "Gib" Bailard and
his wife, who was Lillie Wilson, who
will tell of certain events at the Mc-
Ewen ranch which may prove import
ant in the chain of evidence.
Virgie O'Brien, the woman to whom
Wilson had promised to deed the ranch,
has not been located. Detective Ptran
ahan, who gathered a mass of evidence
against the prisoners, will not be called
because the District Attorney believes
he would not be a safe witness. The
only witnesses for the defense so far as
known are Mre. Sheehan, her two
daughters, Maggie and Katie, of Val
lejo, who are expected to establish an
alibi for Miller.
Brakeman Burned to Death.
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 15.— 1n a colll-
I sion between a freight train and a looo
j motive on the Philadelphia and Reading
road at Glenside. near here, to-day sev
■ eraJ cars were overturned and burned,
j and John Ruth, brakeman on the freight
j train, was pinioned undw the timbers and
1 burned to death.
DEATH HAD
FULL HARVEST
FOR A DAY
Passing of Three Well
Known People.
COL EYRE LA GRIPPE'S VICTIM
WAS IIX A FEW DAYS AND
PNEUMONIA CAME.
Emanuel M. Heller, the Merchant,
Passes Away — Mrs A. W. Scott
a Third on the Fatal
List.
Death the Reaper was busy in this cltf
yesterday, and among his victims were
several well known to the general public.
The most striking figure among these was
Colonel Edward Engle Eyre, who passed
away at his late residence on Pacific ave
nue.
Colonel Eyre since he came to this State
in the early sixties had been prominently
identified with the large business inter
ests of San Francisco, and California as
■well. At a time when the Stock and Ex
change Board was a gTeat institution Mr.
Eyre was Its president and one of the
leading speculators In the market.
He also conducted a large brokerage
business, and during the bonanza days he
handled the entire stock business of Flood
& O'Brien. Deceased was one of the few
large operators who had the sagacity to
retire at the proper time. He left the
stock business with a fine competency,
and settled at Memo Park, where he
owned a beautiful estate. The family are
among the leading society people of tha
State.
Colonel Eyre continued to take an in
terest in mercantile affairs and was at
the time of his death president of the
Germania Lead Works, with offices at
124 Sansome street. He was also one of
the first to appreciate the need for the
construction of the Valley road and one
of the original subscribers to the stock.
Deeeaesed was the father of Mrs. Rich
ard D. Girvin of the firm of Girvin &
Eyre, Miss Mary, Robert M., E. L., Percy
an.i Perry Eyre. A widow is also left to
mourn his loss. Mr, Eyre was ovsr
7F> years old .it the time of his death.
The immediate cause of his demise was
la grippe, followed by pneumonia. He was
attended by Dr. De \ecchi, but the dis
ease had secured such a strong hold upon
his system that there was no possibility
of saving him.
The funeral will be held from his late
residence in this city on Tuesday at 11
a. m.
Emamie! M. Heller died at his resi
dence in this city, 812 Post street, yes
terday. He was the senior member of the
firm of Heller, Beckman & Co., dry goods
importers, at 112 and 114 Sansome street.
>Ir. Heller was one of San Francisco'a
most prominent business men and his
death will be a surprise as well as a
cause of regret to a grreat circle of ac
quaintances. He leaves a wife, one eon
and a daughter. His age was 41 years
and 6 months.
Mrs. Emma 'iiieresa Scott, wife df
Albert W. Scott Jr.. ue well-known at
torney, died in this city yesterday. De
ceased was the daughter of Mra. Ange
lotti and sister of Judge F. M. Angeiotti
of San Rafael. Th.» funeral will take
plac© to-morrow, from 30$ Buchanan
street. The interment is to be strictly
private.
What Theosophista Bead.
Theosophy finds special welcome wj,th
all lovers of the marvelous and the un
canny. In the catalogue of the Theosophic
Publishing Society in Duke street Lon
don, between three and four hundred "dif
ferent works are named, four-fifths of
which deal with weird subjects such as
astrology, animal magnetism, astral light
alchemy, mind reading, mind cure myth*
of the Middle Ages, phallicism. Chaldean
magic, demonology, witchcraft, dream
mysteries, the elixir of life, geomancv
ghost stories, hypnotism, sorcery m( ,i'
merism, Yoga philosophy. Rosicrucian
ism, faith healing, the cabala, monism
Hindu pantheism, the science of breath
white and black magic, posthumous hn
manity, Swedenborg. the Buddhist rein
carnation, gypsy fortune telling, 'seorlt
doctrine, sacred mysteries of the Mavat
"The World as Will." by Schopenhauer
somnambulism, zodiacal phyafojrnom!/
hallucinations, mysticism. "snorny.
The greater part of all this is of ♦ hat
weird and uncanny sort of llteratii-«
which in this practical. common-sen«e al
most people avoid. Yet it seems to fur!,
nish the intellectnal pabulum on whioh
Theosophy specially thrives. It Is suited
to disordered brains, and might be c*
pected to people our insane asylums
abundantly. One does not wonder that th«
same distracted constituency that sun
ported the vagaries of Spiritualism hay*
been swept almost en masse into thl
ranks of Theosophy.-The Homiletic
Gracious Offering.
Elderly Passenger— Here, Miss, take this
SCS.L.
Stout Young- Woman— Oh. I could not
think of depriving an old— l mean I r,->l!i \
not think of depriving you. Uld
"You go ahead and take it and don't
argue. I know you fat girls always have
lame feet."— lndianapolis Journal.
When an unmarried woman dleg i n r p »
zil the coffin, hearse and livery of th«
coachman are all scarlet.AGUINALDO NOW
AWAITS ACTION ON
THE PEACE TREATY
Will Be on the Defensive
Only Until tF)e Decision
of the Senate.
MANILA, fan. 15. — An English cruiser which is bringing
bank treasure from Iloilo reports that there is no change in the
situation. The natives have blocked the river and are making
intrenchmcnts.
. Colonel Potter has left here with dispatches for General Mil
ler and the Indiana has gone with coal and provisions for the ex
pedition. All is quiet here. The latest news from Malolos is to
•the effect that General Aguinaldo awaits the decision of the
United States Senate on the peace treaty, and will only act on
the defensive.
Official dispatches just received from Iloilo indicate that the
natives are disposed to be friendly, although absolutely opposed
to the landing of the United States forces without orders from
Malolos, the seat of the so-called Filipino National Government.
Some of the officials at Iloilo are not in accord with the revolu
tionary Government, but are willing to accept an American pro
tectorate and go to state the case to Aguinaldo if furnished
transportation by the Americans.
The United States transports Newport. Arizona and Penn
sylvania, with the Eighteenth Infantry, the lowa Battalion, the
Sixth Artillery and a detail of the Signal Corps, constituting
General Miller's expedition, are anchored close to Guimaras
Island, between Panay and Negros, where an excellent water sup
ply is obtainable. The natives, though indisposed primarily to
ftufhish the Americans with fresh supplies, now permit the
American officers to go ashore, and furnish them with an escort
during the day time.
MISSION OF COMMISSION
TO THE PHILIPPINES
NKW YORK. .an. 15.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
lOTpg'raphs: President McKinley's
.Philippine Commissioners will go to
the islands not only for the purpose
of making a study of the conditions
and recommending a policy for the
"United States, but they will also be
Instructed t« advis^ the President and
military authorities as to Immediate
problems.
Professor Schurman will visit the
"White House to-morrow morning and
■will be consulted by the President as
to detailed instructions that are to be
given: the comanission- The President
■wants the commission to start as soon
as possible, but Mr. Denby Is a mem
ber of the War Commission, and, as
this commission will not complete its
labors for some time, It will bo late
In the present month or late in Febru
ary before the Commissioners can be
on their way to Manila.
I have learned to-day that Professor
linan C. Worcester of the University
i f Michigan is to be a member of the
commission instead of Brigadier Gen
eral Whittier. The other members of
the commission are, as announced in
the Herald this morning: Professor
Sfhurman, president of Cornell Uni
versity, who will probably be president
of the commission; Rear Admiral
Dewey, Major General Otis and Colo
nel Charles Denby. former Minister to
China. Professor Worcester's selec
tion is regarded as excellent, as he was
in the Philippines for some years on
a scientific expedition, and went all
over the islands.
AdvocaT.es of th»» ratification of the
peace treaty believe that the sending
of the commission to the Philippines,
especially in view of the fact that the
Cominlsßl oners are to consult with the
Filipinos, will havr- th»- effect of ex
pediting the ratification of the peace
treaty, as it will show that the admin-
Istratl ea n<'t intend to adopt
any permanent policy without the full
est and most reliable information.
GERMANY PROBABLY
AFTER THE CAROLINES
LONDON, Jan. 10.— The Times edi
torially this morning, in the course of
a reference to the denial ~iven last
Friday by Baron yon Uulow, German
Minister of Foreign Affairs, through
the Berlin correspondent of the Asso
ciated Press, to the reports that Ger
many had been intriguing in the Phil
ippines against the Americans, says'
'"It is to be regretted that the irre
sponsible enthusiasm of some Washlns:
ton politicians should have led to the
use of language unnecessarily offensive
to <;ermany. It may well be believed
that. Aguinaldo and the insurgents
■were inclined to establish relations with
Germany or with any other power, but
whatever views Germany may formerly
have held it is certain that she has not
the" least idea now of interfering with
the plans of the United States as to
the Philippines. Rather than involve
In-rself in such difficulties she is more
Jikely thinking of the Carolines, which
the American Government has advised
it refused t<> concern itself about.
Neither has England anything against
German acquisition of the Carolines."
CLAIMS OF FILIPINOS
FOR RECOGNITION
WASHINGTON, Jan. ir>. — Senor
Felipe Agoncillo, the representative of
Agulnaldo in Washington, has filed
with the State Department a memo
randum setting forth at length the rea
sons for his claims that the Philippine
government should be recognized by the
United States. Accompanying the mem
orandum is a letter in which Senor
Agoncillo states that he had received
no. reply to his communication of Janu
ary 6, in which he asks that a suitable
time be arranged when he could be
presented to the President and heard
upon his claims. In view of the posi
tion in which the representatives of the
American Government and the repre
sentatives of the Philippine govern
ment find themselves upon the islands
at this time, he urges that the matter
• be given immediate attention.
4f The- letter and the memorandum have
been listed as official documents in the
• State Department, and although the
officials themselves have refused to
make them public they have neverthe
less expressed a willingness for Senor
Agoncillo tn do pu if he desired. The
papers are now in the hands of Secre
tary Hay. The memorandum is along
the same lines as statements hereto
fore made public by the Filipino repre
sentative.
Benor Agonclllo asserts the Filipinos
established and for seven months have
maintained a form of government re
sembling the American, in that it is
based upon the right of the people to
rule; that Spain having at the time of
the signing of the treaty of peace pos
session of only one port and the re
mainder of the Philippines, except Ma
nila, being In possession of thf> Philip
pine republic. Spain could give no title
to the United States for the islands,
and that having no title to give her
claim cannot be rendered better by the
ratification of the treaty of peace.
DEPARTURE OF REGULARS
FROM FORT SHERIDAN
CHICAGO, Jan. 15. — The Fourth
Regular Infantry, recruited up to its
full strength of over 1200 men. in com
mand of Colonel Robert H. Hall, left
Fort Sheridan on its long Journey to the
Philippines, where the regiment has
been ordered for service. Hundreds of
people gathered at the station at the
fort where the regiment has been sta
tioned so long and many affecting
scenes were witnessed. The regimetit
left Fort Sheridan for the East in three
special trains. The trains were switched
from the Chicago and Northwestern to
the Fort Wayne tracks at the Union
depot in Chicago, and immediately left
for New York, where on Tuesday the
regiment will embark on the transport
General Grant for the trip for Manila
via the Suez canal. A number of the
command officers, Including Colonel
Hall and Lieutenant Colonel J. M. San
now, were accompanied by their fam
ilies. The voyage will occupy about
five or six weeks.
SPAIN WILL SELL THE
REMAINDER OF THE ISLANDS
MADRID, Jan. 15.— The Government
on the reassembling of the Cortes will
Immediately ask authority to sell the
Marianne (Ladrones), Caroline and the
Pelea Islands, since Spain is powerless
to maintain a sufficient force to defend
them. The Government arrived at this
decision in consequence of advices from
General Rios that an army of 4000 men,
a man-of-war and two gunboats would
be necessary for the purpose.
El Imparcial says: "The Government
has no fresh news from the Philippines,
but private advices prove that the posi
tion of the Americans Is very grave.
Moreover, there are many sick among
the American troops."
LEARY, NOT KEMPFF,
GOVERNOR OF GUAM
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.— The Presi
dent has directed the Secretary of the
Navy to assign Captain Richard P.
Leary, U. S. N., to duty as military
governor of the island of Guam. Cap
tain Louis Kempff, commanding the
training ship Independence at Mare Isl
and, was originally selected for this
place, but many of his friends on the
Pacific Coast and elsewhere protested
against his being sent away. The case
was laid before the Secretary of the
Navy, and the result is that Captain
Kempff will remain at his station.
Captain Leary commanded the cruiser
San Francisco during the war.
SEVENTEENTH INFANTRY
ON THE WAY TO MANILA
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 15.— The first
detachment of the Seventeenth Infantry
left Columbus at 5 p. m. to-day for New
York, en route to the Philippines.
CRIME AT LOS ANGELES.
The City Infested With a Gang of
Burglars and Footpaas.
LOS AN(JELES. Jan. 15.— A gang of
burglars and highwaymen invaded Los
Angeles last night. Eight separate burg
laries and theft* wore reported at police
headquarters during the day. The booty
ranged from bicycles to watches and dia
niriKPd from byciclr-s to watches and dia
mond jewelry. E. L. Wetmore of Moneta
was a victim of footpads, who relieved
i m u? s watch . money and a bundle of
clothing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L., MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1899.
AUSTRIA HEEDS
SPAIN'S WISH
Why the Raising of Missions
to the Rank of Embassies
Is Delayed.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— A Wash
ington special to the Herald
says: Austria's hesitancy in
raising the rank of her diplo
matic mission to the United
States is due entirely to her de
sire not give offense to Spain.
Information to this effect is in
the possession of the State De
partment.
The relations between Austria
and Spain are very close, and it
would not be surprising if the
Madrid Government had inti
mated to the Austrian Govern
ment it should not be too hasty
in giving such public recognition
to the suacess of the United
States in the recent war.
Austria began negotiations for
raising the rank of the mission,
but did not complete the work.
JUBILEE OF THE FREE
SONS OF ISRAEL
Fiftieth Anniversary of the Organi
zation Duly Celebrated
at New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— The Independent
Order of the Free Sons of Israel held a
great jubilee to-day, the occasion of the
fiftieth anniversary of the organization.
In the morning there was a meeting of '■
the executive committee of the United
States Grand Order of the organization at ;
the headquarters, at which these officers ;
were present: Julius Harberger, grand
master: Sol Hoffhetmer, first deputy
grand master; M. S. Meyerhoff of Phila- ,
dc-lphia, second deputy grand master; :
AQolpta Pik«- of Chicago, third deputy
grand master: I. H. Goldsmith, grand sec- .
retary; L. Frankenthalor. grand treas- ;
urer. and Judge Philip Stoln of Chicago.
Grand Master Julius Harberger, in his
annual address, referring to the work ac
complished by the order during the past
fifty years, said that up to the present
time the amount paid to widows, orphans
and beneficiaries of the members had
reached $3.500,(KX). while an equal amount
had been expended in alleviating suffering
and distress within and without the
brotherhood. The amount in the reserve j
fund is nearly $1,000,000.
In the evening there were public ex
ercises at the Temple Bethel consisting
of music and addresses by Julius Har
berger, William A. Gans and Judge Philip
Stein of Chicago.
LOSES HUSBAND AND
BOTH OF HER PARENTS
Death Deprives Mrs. Joseph Hutch
inson of Three Dearest Rela
tives Within a Few Days.
BOI.INAS. Jan. lr>.— Mrs. Joseph Hutch
inson, who was a Marin County belle
prior to her alliance with a resident of
San Francisco, is now at her old home
here. Death within a few days has de
prived her of husband, mother and father
under peculiar circumstances.
On Christmas day Mrs. Hutchinson sat
chatting at the table with her husband
at their residence in the metropolis. Sud
denly Mr. Hutchlnson's head dropped for
ward and he slipped from his chair to t lie
floor, and a physician who was hastily
summoned gave the simple verdict,
"heart disease." f
Broken-hearted, Mrs. Hutchinson re
turned to Bolinas. where lived her aged
parents, H. O. Andrews and wife. She
found them both dangerously ill. The
father was 85 years of age and the mother
86. Last Wednesday Mrs. Andrews quiet
ly passed away and was removed from
the side of her husband, who. lying in a
stupor, was unaware of the departure of
her who had journeyed through life with
him. Thursday the old man died, and
both were laid away side by side. The
funeral was one of the largest ever wit- !
nessed in this part of the county.
Mr. Andrews was a Presbyterian mm- '
ister, who came to this county from Sa- j
i m. Mass.. many years ago. At one time
he was a candidate for County Clerk on
the Democratic ticket.
POSTOFFICE CLERKS'
SALARIES INCREASED
Provisions of the Appropriation Bill
Just Completed by the House
Committee.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13.— The House
committee on postofflce and post roads,
of which Congressman Loud is chairman,
has about completed its annual appro
priation bill, which will soon be reported.
The bill contains provision for paying
$2000 for the transportation of foreign
malls from steamships to the postofflce at
San Francisco. The committee has de
cided to make no appropriation for the
maintenance of the pneumatic system In
the postofflces. J....3 action of the com
mittee may be reversed in the House, but
this is a matter of doubt. The commit
tee has also provided for raising the sal
aries of clerkß in first class postoffices,
abolishing the WOO and $500 salaries and
making $600 the minimum, and increasing
those of higher grades. The bill carries
an appropriation of $105,000,000. against
$101 000 000 last year. The usual $80,000 sub
sidy for the Oceanic Steamship Company
is included.
REBELS OF ECUADOR
SURROUND QUITO
News of a Big Battle With Federal
Troops Is Expected Mo
mentarily.
Sprri.U CaUa to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISP9, by James Got-
don Bennett.
PANAMA, Colombia , Jan. 15.— The Herald
correspondent at Guayaquil. Ecuador,
?ays that news has come from the north
ern provinces that the rebels have now
almost surounded the vicinity of Quito.
News of a battle is expected momen
tarily. _
Death of Marcus C. Hawley.
XEW TOWN. Conn. ( Jan. 15.— Marcus
C. Hiiwley, a prominent New York busi
ness man, died at his home here to-day of
nervous prostration, aged 85 years. He
was president of the Hawley Brother;
Hardware Company of New York and
San Francisco and until recently presi
dent of the Shreveport and Houston Rail
road.
Passenger x'rain Derailed.
CINCINNATI. Jan. 15.— Passenger train
No. 4 on the Baltimore and Ohio South
western, leaving St. Louis at 2:35 this
morning, was derailed just east of Clay-
City, 111., by a defective rail. The com
bination car, coach and sleeper were de
railed. Four passengers were slightly in
jured.
SPANISH FLAG
ENRAGES CUBANS
Act of a Hotel Keeper
Causes a Riot.
REGULARS TAKE A HAND
I HAUL DOWN THE BUNTING AND
RESTORE ORDER.
Insurgents Express Great Displeas
ure Over the Acceptance of Po
sitions by jrfenocal and
Other Native Office: s.
Sneclal Dlspatoh to The Call.
HAVANA, Jan. 15.— This morning a
| Spanish flag having been raised over
I a hotel on the Cabada del Monte, a
j crowd of Cubans gathered and began
jto throw stones at it. Company B,
' Tenth Regular Infantry, was called and
I proceeded to the scene of disturbance
; at double quick and with fixed bayo
i nets speedily dispersed the crowd,
I which was fast becoming ugly.
The officers in command informed the
: proprietor that the flag ought to be
: lowered because it was likely to pro
! duce further disorder. The proprietor,
; in reply, assured the officer that no
| offense bad been intended and that,
' having seen the English and German
I flags flying, he thought he would be
| at liberty to raise the flag of Spain.
Two members of the company lowered
the flag.
Corporal Francis F. Green, Company
X, Fourth Illinois Volunteers, was
; drowned to-day while bathing in the
! Almendares River. The body probably
i will be sent • home for interment at
Litchfleld.
Yesterday a boy who was called the
mascot of the Second South Carolina
Regiment was drowned in the same
stream. His home was in Asheville,
: N. C.
At Marlanao to-day at the house of
the Cuban chief, L-eyte Vidal, a private
meeting was held at which a number
of prominent military men were pres
ent. Considerable displeasure was
I expressed at the acceptance by General
Mario Menocal and other Cuban officers
;of positions under the United States
military government, the criticism be
ing that Menocal and others had prac
tically abandoned the Cuban army,
leaving his comrades with less intlu
-1 ence to shift for themselves.
Mayor Perfecto Laeoste of Havana
called yesterday upon Governor Gen
eral Brooke, wired greetings to Presi
dent McKinley and General Gomez and
\ sent a friendly message to the Cuban
Assembly at Marianao. The municipal
offices are to be transferred from the
palace to the custom house, after which
General Brooke will occupy the entire
palace.
The Cuban general, Alfredo Rego.
formerly in command of the insurgent
! forces in the province of Santa Clara,
; declines to accept a position In the
: customs service on the ground that he
might "crowd out some worthier per
son."
The customs receipts yesterday were
, $33,400, making a total for the month
j thus far of $357,320.
SANTIAGO, Jan. 15.— K1 Porvenlr
publishes an extra to-day giving a cabta
i message from Dr. Joaquln Castillo, now
: in Washington with General Wood in
the interest of the Santiago Board of
I Trade. Dr. Castillo says that complete
autonomy will be granted to the
province. The whole city is talking
I to-night of a demonstration to cele
brate the prospect.
A negro private of the Twenty-third
Kansas Regiment broke into a store op
posite the police headquarters and stolp
;i diamond ring. The police were called
: and the man was shot, though not seri
ously. The local press is making the
i must of this situation, contending that
! it is only another Incident in the bad
history of the negro regiment. The
sentiment of the Americans, however,
is that it would bp unjust to blame the
race for the act of one man.
Charges of a sprious character have
boon brought against an officer of the
Third Immune Regiment in the Ouan
tnnamo district. More than a thousand
dollars is involved. The officer is under
I arrest.
SPANISH SOLDIERS YET
CROWD CIENFUEGOS
CIENFrEOOS, Jan. 15.— The entire
! military department of Santa Clara.
Major General J. C. Bates commanding.
|is quiet. Twenty-seven thousand
j Spaniards still remain in the vicinity
| of Cienfuegos, but one transport is now
loading and twelve others are expected
:to arrive at an early date. It is im
probable, however, that the evacuation
i will be completed much before the mid
j die of February. The Spanish troops,
who are thickly quartered in the ware
houses and along the wharves, swarm
through the city day and night. Their
officers crowd the hotels. The soldiers
are poorly fed and have had no pay for
months. They are quiet enough, but
their presence makes impossible a
proper cleaning of the towns and pre
i vents activity on the part of the Amer
ican administration.
Six companies of the Fourth Tennes
see Regiment are at Trinidad, six com
panies at Sancti Spiritus, while the
Sixth Ohio Regiment is stationed here.
A battalion of the Sixth Ohio will soon
be assigned to the city of Santa Clara.
The Sixth Ohioans are living in tents
outside Cienfuegos and the general
health of, the men is excellent. The
Spanish barracks in town were found
in a wretched condition and quite un
useable, but the barracks at Santa
Clara city will furnish good accommo
dations and there is a well-equipped
hospital there.
Cuban soldiers garrison the country
towns in the province, as well as guard
the plantations, whose owners in some
| cases pay each soldier $6 a month. The
behavior of the Cuban troops in gar
' rison capacity is highly recommended.
I They observe discipline and maintain
! perfect order.
The Cuban Mayors and civil admin
istrators in the interior towns of the
', department are aAvaiting the advent of
! the American authorities. In numerous
I cases nO communications have reached
j them from the latter and they are pro
ceeding with their ordinary duties in
default of instructions.
PRAISES CONDUCT OF
AMERICAN REGIMENTS
MEXICO CITY. Mex.. Jan. 15.—
Charles Akers, correspondent of the
London Times in Cuba, is here. He
did perhaps more work than any other
correspondent to expose the cruelty
and Incapacity of General Meyer, and
made himself heartily disliked by that
official, but remained in Cuba and kept
the English public informed of the
true state of thir.gs. He praises high
ly the conduct of the American regi
i ments during the Cuban campaign.
MEXICAN LINER
PROBABLY LOST
Steamer Vera Cruz Is
Now Twenty-One
Days Overdue.
Special Cable to The Call and the New
York Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by
James Gordon Bennett.
MEXICO CITY, Mex., Jan.
15.— The steamer Vera Cruz,
Mexican liner, belonging to Ro
manos & Berre, left the port of
Vera Cruz on December 23 last
for Tampico. The trip takes only
two days, and the vessel is now
twenty-one days overdue. It is
feared in shipping circles that
she is lost.
The Vera Cruz was a freight
and passenger boat, and carried
several passengers on this .trip;
but the agents refuse to give in
formation regarding the passen
ger list. *
j He says the Cubans are in the main
peaceable, and there is no danger of a
conflict between them and the Ameri
can authorities provided the latter
show the necessary tact. The Cuban
generals have been busily engaged in
disbanding their forces, and are aid
ing in the work of reconstruction in
perfect good faith. He sees no reason
why the Cubans should not form a
Government of their own, but of
i course they would always be more or
I less under the protection of the United
j States. He denied that there was the
i slightest truth in the pretended revela
tion from Havana regarding the blow
ing up of the Maine.
Akers says tl.at by the end of Janu
ary there will be from 150 to 200 cen
tral sugar factorif-s in operation in
Cuba. It is estimated that the sugar
crop should be from 700,000 to 800,000
tons, as preparations are already be
ing made for planting increased areas
next -.ne and July. Thus it will be
seen that the resources of the is'and
are "already entering again on a period
of peaceful development.
MANY PEOPLE LISTEN TO
PLYMOUTH'S NEW PASTOR
A Crush to Welcome Dr. Hillis Such
as Has Not Been Equaled
Since the Days of Beecher.
NEW YORK, Jan. I.".— There was an ac
tual crush before the opening of the doors
of Plymouth Church, Brooklyn, this morn
ing- of people determined to hear Rev. Dr.
Newell Dwight Hillis. formerly of Chi- |
j cago, who delivered hi? first sermon in the
edifice. The gathering- in its different
phases brought forcibly to mind the days
; of Henry Ward Beecher, and Dr. Hillis'
! more ardent friends are delighted be
yond expression. When Dr. Lyman Ab
bott, the retiring pastor, opened the
services at 10:30 o'clock, every pew and
gallery seat was filled and the extra
; chairs In the lower aisles were as eagerly
! taken.
People stood five and six deep in the
rear aisles, and ther<- was a line of lis
teners standing along the walls of the
spacious side aisles. It was probably the
largest attendance since the Beecher
period. Dr. Hillis occupied a seat on the
plattorm to the right of Dr. Abbott and
Rev. Henry St. Field was on the latter's
left.
Dr. Hillis was listened to Intently. He ;
' seemed perfectly at ease, and spoke so I
i distinctly that every person in the church ]
' heard him. His theme was "Jesus Christ,
' the Supreme Example of Genius in the
| Realm of Intellect."
DR. DIXON RETURNS TO
THE BAPTIST CHURCH
Disappointed in His Work in the
People's Church, Where He Be
came "Disillusionized."
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— Rev. Thomas
Dixon Jr., who for four years has been
preaching at the People's Church, a
Christian Union denominational church,
whose Sunday meetings have been held in
the Academy of Music and the Grand
Opera House, road to his congregation
to-day his resignation. Dr. Dixon will
continue to preach during this month and
February. His resignation will take place
OH March 1.
In his letter of resignation Dr. Dixon
said that the results of his work had been
disappointing: that he had not been able
to raise sufficient money to meet expenses
and that he had "been disillusionized as
to the idea of organic Christian union."
Ho has determined, therefore, to resume
his position in the regular Baptist min
istry.
"During the past four years," Dr.
Dixon's letter reads, "everything I have
said as pastor of the People's Church I
could have said in a Baptist pulpit with
equal propriety and greater force."
WITH BIRDS AND DOGS.
Favorable Conditions for the Field
Trials at Bakersfleld.
BAKERSFIELD. Jan. 15.— Present con
ditions favor the most successful meet
ever held here by the Pacific Coast Field
Trial Club. The weather is perfect and
sufficient ratn has fallen to put the
gTounds in good shape. The trials will be
run on Stockdale ranch, eight miles from
town. Birds are plentiful and the cover
fair. A large number of club members
are here and great enthusiasm prevails.
The members held a meeting at the
Southern Hotel to-night and several new
members were elected. Drawings were
also made. The Derby members stake
will be run to-morrorw. George W.
Richards of San Francisco was chosen
judge. The drawings resulted as follows:
Member's stake, entrance $10— Lady G.
Lady C, Alicia, Countess X, James Root.
Derby, entrance $10— Marian J, Doloris,
Fannie, Percell J. Reina Vie, Queen High,
Romeo, Gladstar. Caliente, Verona Cal,
Valsmark, Ashhury, Spot Cash, Merry
Heart, Merry Prince.
RIOT IN JOHANNESBURG.
Public Meeting of British Residents
Ends in a Scrimmage.
CAPETOWN, Jan. 15.— N0 news has
been received from Johannesburg since
yesterday afternoon, when word was re
ceived that a public meeting of British
residents convened with the object of pro
testing against the grievances of the Uit
landers had broken up in a free fight, in
volving Boers. Afrikanders and Britons.
Telegraphic communication is closed down
and there is much uneasiness here.
Tempestuous Voyage of the St. Louis
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— The American
line steamer St. Louis. Captain Handle,
which left Southampton on January 7,
arrived this morning after a tempestuous
voyage. The big liner encountered a suc
cession of strong winds and gales during
the greater part of her passage. The
storm was accompanied by heavy seas,
hard squalls and very cold weather. The
spray which flew over the ship froze
rapidly, making it very difficult to get
about the decks. Two seamen were seri
ously injured.
Humbert Dines With Diplomats.
ROME, Jan. 15.— At the banquet given
at the Palace this evening to the mem
bers of the Diplomotlc Corps Mrs.
Draper, wife of the United States Em
bassador, General William P. Draper, sat
on the right of King Humbert.
His Majesty this afternoon granted a
farewell audience to Captain G. P. Scriv
en, military attache of the United States
Embassy.
MURDERER GLEASON
ESCAPES FROM THE
BAKERSFIELD JAIL
Doors Left Oper) and t\)e Des
perate PrisoQer Coolly
Wal^s Away.
Owing to the Carelessness of the Officials
Otfyer Criminals Could Also Have
Gained Freedom.
EDeclal Dispatch to The Call
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 15.— Murderer
T. M. Gleason deliberately walked out
of the County Jail to-day between 12
and 1 o'clock, and so far has escaped
capture. Officers are scouring the coun
try in every direction and claim to be
close after him. The fugitive has about
an hour's start of the officers.
Gleason was convicted several months
ago of murder in the first degree, and
; the jury rendered life sentence. He
was recently granted a new hearing by
the Supreme Court. He had been in
i jail about a year and a half. The case
I was to come up again January 27.
In order to make his escape Gleason
was compelled to pass through the
"curio" room. Two deputies and the
Sheriff sat within fifteen feet of the
j entrance to the jail.
T. A. Scott, convicted of murder com
mitted at Randsburg some two years
ago, and under ten years' sentence,
awaiting the action of the Supreme
Court, was among the prisoners. Scott
first noticed the doors open and called
to the jailer, but the jailer refused to
Igo to him. He repeatedly called, but
j without success, and wanted to tell that
j the door was open. Scott finally went
Ito his cell to eat. When he came out
in the corridor again Gleason was gone.
He again called, and nobody answered.
Scott then ventured out and upstairs
and notified William Borgwardt, who
hastened down, but the bird had flown.
Scott could have left, too, but he said:
"I have nothing to run away for."
Sheriff Borg\vard*t is unable to give
any explanation of how the doors hap
pened to be open. "I have not made an
investigation, but the doors were open,
nevertheless," he said.
Prisoner Scott said: "Some of the
WILL SHIELD
HER HUSBAND
Cook's Alleged Slayers
Soon to Be Examined.
MRS. WALTERS' LIPS SEALED
THE SUSPECT'S LAWYER SAYS
SHE WILL NOT TESTIFY.
Declares She Will Not Even Tell
What She Knows That Would
Implicate ex-Sheriff Mc-
Kenzie in the Crime.
NAPA, Jan. 15.— Everybody here Is
looking forward with great interest to
the? preliminary examination of Jesse
Walters and ex-Sheriff McKenzie,
charged with the murder of Alft-ed
Cook, ar.l particularly to the part Mrs.
Walters will play — whether her atti
tude be one of protection for her im
prisoned husband, or will she stand for
justice and vengeance for the slain
man, her rejected lover?
It is currently believed that next to
the two men now in the County Jail
for the alleged killing of Took she can
throw more light on the mysterious
tragedy than any other human being.
i Immediately after the conclusion of i
the Coroner"s inquest it was stated by |
District Attorney Bell that the pre
liminary examination would be com- I
menced this week, he having been \
given to understand that the defense
would not seek to interpose any ob
jection to prompt action. It can now
be stated, almost with certainty, that j
there will be no hearing this week. |
In the first place, the conuuion of I
Walters Is such, owing to the wound In
his knee, that he may not be able to
appear in court for several days, and,
on the other hand, C. J. Beerstecher,
the leading attorney for both Walters
and McKenzie, is not disposed to go |
into court without better preparation
than he has been able to make at this
time, owing to the press of other mat
ters. Nor Is he inclined to permit the
prosecution to make any more use of
Mrs. Walters as a witness than he
can help, and according to a Btate
ment he made to-night Mrs. Walters
will allow herself to be guided by his
counsel.
From this It is to be inferred
that Mrs. Walters, even when called
as a witness against McKenzie, will
not prove as valuable to the prosecu
tion as they anticipated. In other words,
she will stand by her husband. Attor
ney Beerstecher had this to say of the
situation:
"While I knew It was the purpose of
the prosecution to try and implicate
McKenzie in the killing of Cook, yet
hie arrest was a great surprise. The
plan of the District Attorney is obvi
ous. What he can not accomplish di
rectly he is seeking to attain indirectly.
Mrs. Walters cannot testify against her
husband, so they propose to bring out
what she knows by making her a wit
ness against McKenzie, but they will
not have the success they expect. She
will not answer all the questions she
is asked."
"Will she not lay herself liable to
punishment for contempt?" was asked.
"Not at all."
"Why not?"
"She will simply need to state that In
answering she would incriminate her
self."
"Will she take such a course?"
"Certainly."
"Then she will stand by her hus
band?"
"Of course; I don't see how she could
do otherwise."
To-morrow there will be a conference
between representatives of the prose
cution and defense to arrange for the
preliminary hearing. The prosecution's
purpose is to take up Walters' case
first.
Died of Heart Failure.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 15.— Coroner Pierce
officers came in and took out a Chi
naman, and shortly after I noticed the
door open. The lock had been turned,
but the bolt was outside the
hasp. I also noticed that the other
two doors leading to the street were
open. I called to notify the jailer.
He refused to come."
All the prisoners knew the door was
1 open. They went into a cell <to eat,
I and when they came out Gleason was
gone. They went out and told the offi
cers.
Prisoner Warren, charged with for
gery, corroborated Scott's story, and
added: "The door had been open an
hour and a half before the officers
1 came."
Some hard cases were among the
prisoners. Scott, while in for killing
a man, is "much of a gentleman,"
and is praised by all for the manner
in which he acted. It is said that he
kept one prisoner from going out some
time after Gleason had gone.
Gleason is one of the most desperate
and cold-blooded murderers unhung.
A year ago last July he shot and killed
Frank Cotton in the tenderloin por
tion of the town it is said, because he
could not rob him. At the trial it was
proved to be a deliberate murder. He
is about 30 years old. of medium size,
wlUi a bad scar under the right eye.
He is an expert with a pistol, and will
draw a gun on the slightest provoca
tion.
On the night of December 30 the Sher
iff was afraid that Gleason was plan
ning to escape. The cell was searched,
and two saws were found.
Gleason was tracked to the river, a
mile and a half away, and there the
trail was lost.
The Sheriff's officers are considera
bly excited over the affair. The jail
Is a strong prison.
held an inquest tnis afternoon on the
body of Charles Fry, a ranch foreman,
who died suddenly at the ranch of Jacob
Shearer, near Windsor. The man got up
apparently all right, but went to his hed
room and lay down about 0 o'clock. Sev
eral hours later friends called to see him
and found him lying across the bed with
all his cloth»s on, dead. Death was due
to heart failure.
ALMOST CREMATED.
A Resident of Boulder Creek Badly
Burned in a Fire.
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 15.— Last Friday T.
J. Laws had a narrow escape from cre
mation in a cottage near Boulder Creek.
He awoke to find the cottage enveloped
j in flames, arose and passed through the
fire to a window which was fastened. Be
j fore he could unfasten it the fire had blls
j tered his head, face and hands. When ha
I pot outside he walked to Douenerty'a
: mill for assistance. On the way he met
; a night watchman, who took * him to
i Ljnugherty's residence, wnere medical as
! distance was summoned. One of Law's
I hands was literally cooked.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OPEN LETTERS FROM
Jennie E. Green and Mrs. Harry
Hardy.
Jennie E. Green, Denmark, lowa,
"Writes to Mrs. Pinkham:
"I had been sick at my monthly
periods for seven years, and tried
almost everything I ever heard of, but
1 without any benefit. Was troubled
with backache, headache, pains in the
shoulders and dizziness. Through my
mother I was induced to try Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and
it has done me so much good. lam
now sound and well."
Mrs. Harky Hardy, Riverside, lowa,
writes to Mrs. Pinkham the story of
her struggle with serious ovarian trou-
ble, and the benefit she received from
the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound. This is her letter:
How thankful I am that I took
your medicine. I was troubled for
two years with inflammation of the
womb and ovaries, womb was also very
low. I was in constant misery. I had
heart trouble, was short of breath and
could not walk five blocks to save mv
life. Suffered very much with my
back, had headache all the time, was
nervous, menstruations were irregular
and painful, had a bad discharge and
was troubled with bloating. I was a
perfect wreck. Had doctored and
taken local treatments, but still was no
better. I was advised by one of my
neighbors to write to you. I have now
finished the second bottle of Mrs. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound, and am
better in every way. lam able to do
all my own work and can walk nearly
a mile without fatigue; something I
had not been able to do for over two
years. Your medicine has done tsa
more good than all the doctors."
Any Eyeglasses Fitted
With Our New Clip
That Don't Slip
For 50 Cents.
Oculists' Prescriptions Filled. Factory on
Premises. Quick Repairing. Phone, Main 10.
Opticians ko^ a k gency
642 Market St.
- . chronicle building-
we employ NO agents.
Use f^k se
.Woodbury's r>«-^ Woodbury's
Facial Soap. J^^/ Facial Cream.
Wrinkles, red nose and veins, moles, warts,
scars,' tattoo, powder and birthmarks pain-
lessly and permanently removed by JOHN H
WOODBXJRT. 26 W 23d St.. New York, and 163
State St., Chicago. Send 10 . cents for Beauty
Book,: and receive sample each, Soap and
Cream, free- ■ -
34
&ht ail
MONDAY „.. JANUARY 16, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
■ **^v&. ;-. , Telephone Main ■ 1868.
t'tttTORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
" C '■ : 'v.;< ;• Telephone Main 1874.
" THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) It
' -served by carriers In tljls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week;- By mc II $6 per year; per month
f5 cents. •' , ' ■ . . : • ■
THE WEEKLY CALL, 16 psftes .iOn« year, by mall. $1
OAKLAND OFFICE ©08 Broadway
r»EW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE «»»**• Hoos«
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH. OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock.. 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock.- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock.. 615 Larkjn street, open until 9:30 oTlock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock. 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open 1
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty.-second ana
 Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock*
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia — "Tl\e Idol's Eye."
California— "Tdn Yonson." .: V-''' 1 *;
Aloaiiir— '*A Temperance Town," Monday night.
T,lvoli— "The Wedding; Day."
. Orpheum— Vautle.vlilf. ;
Oomedy— "Two Married Men." "' ';-; V
Ch&t'ea and Zoo— Pianka, the "Lady of Lions."
Olympla — Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Ingleslde Race Track— Races to-day.
Sherman- ' "a Hall— (Jerome llelmont. Violinist, Tuesday
evening, January 17. -
AUCTION SALES.
. By A. W. Louderback— Monday, January 16, at 10:30 a. m.
and 2:30 p. m., Turkish Rust*, at 123 Geary street.
By Madison & Burke— Tuesday. January 17, at 12 o'clock,
Real Estate, at ISC Market st.
STILL IN PULL BLAST.
THK past week in trade showed no unfavorable
indications. Here in California the continued
rains gave the outlook for 1899 a rosy aspect,
and in the East a heavy foreign demand for American
products kept national trade in fine tone. The busi
ness of the country, as reflected by the bank clearings,
showed a gain of 34.5 per cent over the correspond
ing week in 1898, and the failures were 318, against
34«j last year. Current opportunities for invest
ment being better in the United States than
in Europe, Americans are doing considerable pur
chasing in Wall street, where the best previous record
for sustained bullish movements has been broken,
the transactions averaging 1,000,000 shares per day
;out the week, and, best of all, at rising quo
tations. This buying is not professional! but public,
as private investors are doing most of the purchas
ing. The complexion of speculation has changed,
and whereas bonds have been preferred to stocks for
several months the transactions in the former are now
less and at rather easier prices, if anything. The mar
ket at present seems to be speculative rather than
permanent.
Exports of wheat and cotton are still heavy, and
wheat and corn both advanced slightly during the
week. The iron trade is still booming, the mills are
crow, led with orders, and while the production in
creased 8000 tons above the estimate last week there
was a decrease of over 34,000 tons of unsold product
in December. Further advances in quotations are
noted. The wool men dp not appear to be pressed
for money, for they are stiffly holding their stocks
above what the enormous supply on hand justifies.
The other industries are more than holding their own,
bides and leather being stiff, boots and shoes steady
and the lumber trade in excellent shape, with a fine
spring demand expected.
All local signs are promising. While the rains are I
ni-suring abundant crops later on. the immediate effect
is a quieting down in trade, especially in the country,
where muddy roads and swollen waterways interfere j
with transportation. But the tendency in the general !
run of products is toward higher prices. Beef, mut- :
ton and pork have all advanced during the week, as the
rains, by promising feed in the near future, encourage
stockmen to hold on to their cattle and sheep, in ex
pectation of still better returns later on. Hides have
gone up somewhat and are firm at the advance. Hay
shows a slight decline, owing to the rain; barley is
steady and oats are higher. Potatoes are scarcer at
advanced quotations. Wheat has not varied much
during the week. Provisions are moving off fairly
at previous prices. The tendency in oils is upward.
Grain bags have gone up since the rains changed the
complexion of affairs. Wine, too, is firm and a fur
ther advance is cxpom-d by the local trade. But. best
o f all. the bankers are taking a rosy view of the fu- j
ture. In a series of interviews published in The Call j
last week several prominent financiers expressed the
opinion that henceforth more attention will probably
be paid to investment in real estate, owing to the good
farming outlook; as such loans, when times are good,
yield better returns to capital than almost any other
class of securities.
The fact is the rains which ushered in the new year
have revolutionized the commercial aspect of the
State. The out'ook, which in December was dubious,
is now brilliant; the State has had a good soaking,
and with the usual spring .howers California will
again resume her place well along in the van of the
national procession.
Ex-Sheriff McKenzie of Xapa as a prisoner in the
jail over which he had presided for years presents a
melancholy figure. While the outlook for him does
not seem bright, there are many w-ho would be glad
to lenni that he is the victim of circumstances and
unjustly accused.
General Eagan says he is ready to apologize to the
Investigation Committee, but not to General Miles,
but as he has insulted the War Department and the
I >..pse of the country, such an apology as he is ready
to project into the situation would be inadequate.
Shatter is to he protected by a hundred policemen
during 1 his reception. There must of course be some
rdcfjuate guard between him and the wrath of the
Examiner.
It can be noticed that the gentlemen who are cer
tain the army was supplied with good beef were not
among the ones who had to eat it.
Another woman has killed another man in San
Francisco, and "if this thing keeps up something ought
to be done about it.
People of California are willing to slosh around in
the mud because it has been a iong time since they
had had a chance.
Jilson and Wright are still on the black list and
show no inclination to scratch themselves.
SPEAKER WRIGHT'S TREACHERY.
THE exposure which has followed Speaker
Wright's allegation that he voted for Dan
Burns in the j.oint Senatorial convention be
cause certain Justices of the Supreme Court favor
the candidacy of that individual throws light upon a
method which is often employed by the politicians
to encompass their ends.
Wright's action in betraying his constituents
needed explanation, and he knew it. He could not
say with any prospect of being believed that his con
stituents desired him to vote for Burns. He could
not, with any prospect of his sanity going unques
tioned, say that the public press or an. respectable
portion of it desired him to vote for Burns. He
could make shadowy references to phantom "busi
ness" men who favor the candidacy of Burns, but this
would bear so many evidences of fake that he was
loath to employ that method of befuddling the pub
lic. So he brought to his aid the Supreme Court, a
tribunal which is always out of politics and the mem
bers of which usually pay little or no attention to
Senatorial campaigns.
Speaker Wright's idea was to give his flop a re
spectable appearance, and he thought that if he said
the Supreme Court as a body favored the election of
Burns a great many people would' consider that in
changing his vote he had selected the best man. It
was scarcely necessary to inform intelligent people
that Speaker Wright's statement was false. All ob
serving persons know that the last thing the members
of the Supreme Court would do would be to favor
the election of such a candidate for Senator as Dan
Burns. These Justices are educated, respectable men.
It is their business not only to decide the disputes of
civil litigants, but to see that criminals are jailed
and justice done. For them as an organized body to
favor the election of Dan Burns to the Senate would
be to practically subvert the purpose of their ex
istence. Instead of adjudicating the law when ap
plied to criminals they would have entered into the
business of promoting the political aspirations of
those whom they are often called upon to discipline.
But Wright's subterfuge shows to what lengths un
scrupulous politicians go in making what they call
their "fights." Doubtless when a member of the
Legislature votes for Burns he ought to have some
respectable backing. Certainly the act itself is un
justifiable. Dragging the Supreme Court into the
controversy, however, is scarcely permissible, and
the criticism to which Speaker W'right is being sub
jected for his falsification is eminently proper and
should be made severe.
There is but one influence in the State of Califor
nia which favors the Senatorial candidacy of Burns,
and that is the Southern Pacific Company. Every
other influence claiming the character of respecta
bility is against him. The people do not want him;
the newspapers do not want him; the churches do
not want him. Except a few gamblers, politicians
and the railroad, nobody wants him. However, it
must be said that, judged by his conduct, Speaker
Wright is in appropriate company. The air of re
spectability which he has heretofore assumed having
now been dissipated, we shall in future estimate him
at his true value. He should be known hereafter as
Howard E. Wrong.
ASTONISHING THE EAST.
AT the annual dinner given by the Fruit Auction
Company to the frtfit dealers of New York City
one of the speakers declared: "The fruit trade,
in the year just past, has undoubtedly been amazed
at the performance of California. We have received
oranges from that State during every month of the
year, and when we consider that five years ago
scarcely a box of California citrus fruits could be dis
posed of here to advantage the growth of this trade
alone is beyond the comprehension of man."
That the Eastern trade should be so much amazed
at the prodigal profusion of our fruit crops is only
another evidence that they do not understand Cali
fornia. The year just past was rather a slack year
in fruit production with us, owing to the severe frost
of the late winter and the lack of spring rains. If in
that season we amazed the East we may expect in
the coming one to electrify the people over there and
I wake them up to a realizing sense of what California
I is and of what she may become.
With cheaper and better, transportation facilities to
the East California could supply the markets of the
big cities with all the fruit required at every season of
the year. Moreover, the desired facilities are certain
to come. Railway improvements are going on all the
time, and steadily and surely the cost of transporta
tion decreases. Competing lines, moreover, are mak
ing their way to the State, and their coming will have
a potent effect in rendering the Eastern markets more
accessible to our fruits.
The outlook therefore promises that our fruit trade
will furnish a series of surprises for the East. There
is nothing in the situation, however, that is "beyond
the comprehension of man." If the Easterners will
make a study of Californian conditions they will find
! that the increase of our fruit trade is a natural devel-
I opment and perfectly comprehensible to any one who
knows the nature of the soil, the beneficent effects of
the climate and the energies of our rural population.
NEVADA AROUSED.
OUT of the strong and earnest fight now being
made in Nevada against the re-election of
Senator Stewart it is probable there may come
something like a political regeneration of the State.
Many evidences point to the conclusion that the in
dependent manhood of the people resents the candi
dacy of Stewart and all that it implies. There is a
growing demand that Nevada shall no longer be a
pocket borough by which non-resident millionaires
may obtain seats in the Senate, but a true American
State managing its own affairs and electing a man of
genuine citizenship and sterling worth to represent
its interests and its patriotism in the United States
Senate.
We recently directed attention to the vigor and
force with which the Silver State, an organ of the
Silver party, resents the interference of Colonel Chirm
of Kentucky and other outsiders in the Senatorial
contest, and now comes the Reno Gazette, a Repub
lican paper, with a still more emphatic and compre
hensive utterance on the subject. In a ringing edi
torial, a column long, and every line of it full of verve
and vim, that journal declares the time has come for
Nevada "to place herself among the honored mem
bers of the republic" and to elect to the United States
Senate a man "who is free from the badge of slavery
tc corporations (so prominent in the candidates of the
Silver party), free from cranky fads and crooked
schemes."
To accomplish the great reform which means the
political redemption of the State the Gazette points
cut that Nevada must rise above "being bribed by
Black Wallace to send attorneys for the Southern
Pacific to be her Senators at Washington under a
subterfuge. She must rise above the contemptible
career she has had under the Silver party, which has
degraded the State, lowered the Supreme Court, made
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, JANUARY I<s, 1899.
a prize-fight bureau of the State House and a comic
valentine of the Governor'^ ojfice."
There is a sting in these words because of their
truth, and like the sting of conscience it should arouse
men to right action. The Republicans of Nevada
have now an opportunity to serve their party, their
State and the nation by taking the lead in the contest
against the corrupting forces that have so long domi
nated the commonwealth. It is a fight in which they
will have the support of the great mass of the Re
publicans of California, for in this State also public
indignation has been excited by the brazen boldness
with which the Southern Pacific and its corrupt allies
are attempting to dominate politics and elect their
tools to the Senate.
A terse and significant warning is given to the
Southern Pacific by the Gazette in the declaration:
"Never before was such open disregard shown for
the good name of the State, for the honest convictions
of citizens, for the needs of good government or for
common decency. Black Wallace comes with orders
to force Sadler upon the State for Governor, with
all the ills that such an administration carries with' it.
to force Stewart back upon us as Senator, and "if we
object, to hire gun men from abroad to overawe us
or shoot us down in our own dooryards. This is
what it looks like and this is what the people believe
it has come to."
Whatever may be the determination of the Sena
torial contest the final result is sure to be good. In
sending to the State House of Nevada not only bribers
and corruptionists but notorious gun-fighters to bully
the Legislature the Southern Pacific has gone too
far. The manhood of Nevada has revolted and the
long supremacy of fraud in the politics of the State is
evidently drawing to a close.
fIN IMPERIAL MISTAKE.
WE arc convinced that the country has been led
into error as to the ultimate intentions of the
President concerning the Philippines. The
treaty of Paris provides for the payment of the sum
of $20,000,000 to Spain for the surrender to us of her
sovereignty over the islands.
There is nothing in the treaty that compels or fore
shadows a policy of permanent retention by the
United States of the sovereignty that has been sur
rendered. It may be admitted that we were under
obligations to prevent the islands falling back to
j Spain, but that implies no obligation on our part to
retain them. It is this view of the case which per
i mits even the most extreme anti-imperialists to vote
for ratification of the treaty of Paris, and thereafter
consider what is to be done. To this after considera
tion will come the aid of the sober second thought of
the people, unfermented by the enthusiasm of war
and the rage for conquest.
The Filipinos no doubt object to further colonial
Subjection. There is little in the history of colonial
administration to commend it to people who have
long endured it, and as it is a policy upon which the
United States will enter as a novice, there are no
guides, there is no experience, by which the future
I may be predicted.
After the treaty is ratified there are many ways in
which we may with honor give up or modify our
sovereignty in the Philippines. After the revenues of
the islands have recouped us in the amount paid *•
Spain we may give to the people the sovereignty and
self-government to which they aspire, and for which
they have fought. This will take us out of Spain's
shoes and save us the use of the strong hand, which
any outside power must use if it secure internal tran
quillity in that Archipelago. The application of power
there is to be' dreaded for its effect upon us, if not for
the consequences it will inflict upon the islanders.
We are getting some experience now in the cost of
distant administration, and are witnessing some of the
demoralizing effects upon ourselves. Already in
trigues and heartburnings and rival ambitions are
champing like furies in our civil and military circles,
and the most hopeful and sanguine can see but little
to encourage the experiment of a distant administra
tion of the affairs of ten million alien people at a dis
tance of ten thousand miles from the seat of our gov-
ernment. I
The well considered speech of Senator Mason is no
doubt due to the working of the sober second
thought. During the last session the tendency of
every utterance of that Senator was toward further
ing the policy which he now deprecatss and con
demns.
When the treaty is ratified and peace is assured will
I ensue a period of calm discussion and intelligent
I thought, and out of that may well issue a policy in
line with our scheme of government, our history and
■ the spirit of our traditions.
For this every patriot can better afford to wait than
i the country can afford to clinch a colonial policy now,
i and wait for the costly reaction and the overwhelm
ing disappointment which will be sure to follow. The
j literature of the. question is gathering volume every
day, and information, long lacking, is enlightening the
country. The commercial expectations are shown to
: be inflated, and when they are further examined in
! the light of the experience of the temperate zone
nations in the management of tropical possessions,
they will entirely disappear.
IF Dan Burns has correctly defined his own quali
fications to wear the toga a National Committee
should replace the Senate of the United States,
and then, if elected, he would become the Committee
j man from California, But even more far-reaching
' consequences are involved. The universities must
! take notice that the ages of oratory and of debate
are over and that public discussions between Ameri
can students are a stupid waste of time. Open trials
in courts of justice should also cease, and all litiga
tion, civil and criminal, be decided by committees,!
whose decrees should be formulated and awarded in !
i secret. University training should include detailed
instruction in the art of working in committees and
of making the acquaintance and securing the friend-,
ship of Colonel Mazuma. The text-books in the
common schools need revision, and every reference
to' orators and statesmen, ancient and modern, must
be erased as obsolete. The rules of arithmetic can
; be easily adapted to the methods of calculation that
prevail in political committees.
The Burns plan of government, in one respect, is
like the processes of creation. They are not noisy,
they are free from the turbulence of public meetings
or of ordinary legislative bodies. They end in di
visions that, unlike parliamentary divisions, occur in
silence and in obscurity, and are sweetly lulling to J
the. mind and to the conscience.
It must be remembered that while Spain has ac
cepted articles of peace, there have been no articles of
veracity presented for her signature.
When women take to the habit of hanging them
selves it is manifest that the imitative faculty of the
sex is almost too highly developed.
That portion of the. Supreme Court which is at Sac
ramento touting for Burns ought to reverse itself.
DAN BURNS' SENATE.
j4 Qryf^isoNffAVlßN
rr&s't nlpht a seafaring personage, quaint
and poetical, Intoxicated and thunderous, wan
dered Into the City Prison. He gave his name
as Poe— "first name, Bill T. Sherman"— and
his references to the "bird" of his "Cousin
Ed" have Inspired the following etory of the
odd Incident]:
Once upon a "late watch," nodding, as
I heard the keepers '"codding" en© an
other on the "hobos" they had caged the
night before. Suddenly there came a
thumping, a loud banging and a bumping,
like a battle-ship a-dumping ten-inch
shells- against the door— smashing showers
of mighty ten-inch shells against the
door.
Though 'twas hot as mid-September,
every single burly member of the force
shook as he never shook before. The
"key-cop" started quaking, all his blood
within him caking, with a wavy motion
making for that clanging iron door—
with a queer, uncertain motion for that
trembling iron door.
Ah, distinctly I was feeling as I heard
that awful peeling, hot and cold and chill
and fever clear into my bosom core. "Do
I they," I began to wonder, "often have
I these scenes of thunder loud enough to
rip asunder this whole place from roof to
floor — rip the whole shebang from roof
clean down to concrete floor?
"Sure," I thought, "this Is some fellow
lull of brown-brew come to bellow
through the prison for the chum they
locked up several hours before; or some
coin-depleted 'Jamie,' the sad player of a
game he had tackled with a dame he
trusted till she 'rolled' him o'er and o'er —
one he met and loved and trusted till she
'rolled' him o'er and o'er.
"Or some rounder at the wicket drunk
and swearing that he'd kick it to the mid
dle of next summer if they didn't 'fly'
that door; or some bank cashier deflected
from the right and then detected, just
about to be dissected by the men he'd
plundered of their store — by the victims
he had plundered of their hard-earned
golden store.
"Or some new official fleeing through the
gloomy midnight being hot pursued by
voters he had promised Jobs galore; or
some warrish 'jaggy lady' who had
chased out from the shady south-of-Mar
] ket-street and made a bee-line to the jail
!in search of gore— to the jail in a search
of some policeman's blue red gore."
Then they flung ajar the portal and a
wintry looking mortal, roaring and indig
nant wafted through the open door. At
this howling visitation, filled with storm
and thunderation, every "peeler" in the
station left his seat and hit the floor
hoisted from his cushioned, easy chair
and struck the floor.
'Twas a weather-beaten rover of the
billow half-seas over, and many seas oft
i under drifting to'rd the lock-up door —
not so beaten by the weather as by fate
and grog together, two dread foes of '
] Jacky, whether wrecked awave or tossed I
j ashore — whether wrecked awave or ter- j
] pest tossed along the shore.
Oh, he was an exhalation of a fervent
fermentation, -^with a starboard eye in
mourning and "his headpiece battered o'er;
i his slack standing gear was dragging in
; his wake, thei was a bagging and a j
I "down-to-leeward" j #'nng of the tat- i
| tered togs he wore— of the one-time blue 1
and white apparel that he wore.
"Long there's been a separation. Jack,
j from any reputation you might have
| had," I muttered, "In your tender days of
yore. Rudderless and lost of 'bearing, 1
too far gone now for repairing, or for
'coming-to' or 'wearing,' In you blow hard •
on the shore — without compass, without
'bearing,' in you blow hard on the shore."
I ■ "Wet's y'r name and age and statfon,
I height and color, build and nation, and
w'y the divil are ye here a-banging on j
me door? Can't ye find a board to sleep j
on or a vacant lot to keep on, have ye ;
got a gun or 'weepon'? and I'll have
I none of y'r dommed roar— ln me prisince,"
quoth the captain, "I'll have none of y'r
dommed roar.
"Down It goes 'John Doe' for eny name
will fit so bad a penny, and it's the one
ye gave last time and many times before.
Tell me, John, are ye a sailor, a seafar
ing man or whaler; were ye blowed up
In a gale or did ye leave the sea and
walk ashore— did ye jump overboard at ',
sea and tramp It to the blessed shore?" j
"Avast, belay, go bend a stopper on
your jaw gear, my fine 'copper,' my name
is known In cleaner places heretofore.
'Doe'— be damned— it's Poe. Hear, man,
my front name's Bill T. Sherman, heir
presumptive, cousin-german to a bird
called 'Nevermore' — bird my kinsman
Edgar Allan caught and labeled 'Never
more.'
"In fact, I'm that bird, my joker; the
identical old croaker that once sat roost
ing like a buzzard up above his bedroom
door. We were bosom comrades ever—
(but that old tale I never care to tell)— we
chaps together loved the girl known as
'L.enore.' But I found he was more solid
with the girl known as 'Lenore.'
"I flew to sea, a crazy lover; soon my
matos were cranky over my bad case.
'The bloke's got wheels and off his hasp.'
they swore. "What did that infernal crew j
do? Just what men whose brains are few ,
do. Said I was 'a proper hoodoo.' Sank j
me in the sea forevermore — chucked me In ;
the sea with 'Denis' as my name forever
more.
"Down in Davy Jones' haven for dead
sailors, to a raven I was changed and
I'm a blooming bird forevermore. So I
through the night go flying when the
ghostly winds are sighing, like a spook,
a banshee crying out my title, 'Evermore'
—a night hawk in the darkness croaking,
croaking 'evermore.'
"That's my ocean transmigration and
my submarine translation— a 'Jonah on
the water and a hoodoo on the shore.' So
whether I'm a sailor, a seafaring man or
whaler, or a chap blown up in a gale or
walked to land, I am a 'tough one 1 ever
more—mortal or Immortal, I'm a 'tough
one* evermore."
Then that raven soon was hitting the
midnight road— soon was flitting down
the rainy, cheerless avenue once more.
For the captain stole up to him, swearing,
bird or ghost, he'd "do" him — grabbed
him by the neck and threw him from that
open iron door.
The cops said they smelt sulphur as h%
Bhot out through the door.
TOM GREGORY.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS,
S. Solon Holl of Sacramento Is at the
Grand.
A. L. Bell of Belfast, Ireland, 13 at the
Occidental.
C. R. Tilton, an attorney of Modesto, is
at the Lick.
G. Wingate, a mining man from As
toria, is at the Lick.
George E. Goodman and wife of Napa
are guests at the Palace.
H. Hirschfeld, a merchant of Bakers
field, is a guest at the Lick.
J, Barnes and C. H. "Weasels of Chicago
are registered at the Grand.
Easton Mills, the banker of San Luis
Obispo, is at the Occidental.
R. S. Senhardt, a mining man of Eu
reka, is a guest at the Grand.
Ex-Judge George E. Nourse of Fresno
is one of the arrivals at the Lick.
H. A. French, a newspaper man of
Worcester, Mass., is at the Palace.
Eugene Germain, United States Vice-
Consul at Zurich, Switzerland, is at the
Palace.
A. W. Jones, president of the Monterey
and Fresno Railroad, is at the Palace. He
states that his road was about to build
a pier at Monterey, but the schooner
which brought the lumber was wrecked
in the bay, and the work has necessarily
been delayed. \
R, F. Lewis and wife returned from
Juneau on the Queen and are at the Oc
cidental.
H. W. Johnson and wife came down
from Sacramento last evening and regis
tered at the California.
Tom M. Schumacher, vice-president of i
the Continental Fruit Express, arrived- at-|
the Palace yesterday from' Los Angeles j
and will remain In this city 'four* weeks.
Howard J. Ball, general western passen
ger agent of the Delaware. Lackawann.i
and Western Railroad, with headquarters ]
at Buffalo, New York, is at the Palace.
With him is W. F. Holwill, general pas
senger agent of the same road in New.
York, who Is accompanied by his two
daughters. They came on the late Over
land last night.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The keel of the Bulwark, another bat
tleship of the Formidable type, was laid
at Devonport December 17.
Some of the Turkish war vessels have
not been dry docked- for twenty years a«d
are consequently unfit for actual service.
The Admiralty Pier extension at Dover
was begun December 21, when the first
pile was driven. The piles for the coffer
dam are 105 feet in length and 20 inches
square.
Turkey has sent two armor-clads to
Genoa to be reconstructed. The ships
sent are the Messudleh and Assar-i
--tewflk, find it Is contemplated to send
other ships in the course of time to be
similarly modernized.
The Ikadsudchl, one of the six torpedo
boat destroyers to be built by Yarrow
for the Japanese navy, had a prelimi
nary trial on December 15, and averaged
over 31 knots with a load of thirty-five
tons and seventy-eight persons on board.
She is 220 feet In length, 20 feet G inches
beam and has engines capable to work up
to 7000 horsepower.
The Proserpine, third-class cruiser of
2135 tons, built at Devonport dock yard,
made her eight-hour trial last month un
der natural draught, developing 5000 horse
power and a speed of 19 knots. Under
forced draught she Is to develop 7000 horse
power and 20 knots. She Is fitted with
Thornycroft water-tube boilers, which
were made at Keyham.
The British cruiser Diadem made the
voyage from Gibraltar to the Nore last
month In three days at an average speed
of twenty knots an hour. This is the best
record of long distance steaming of any
war vessel. The Diadem is one of eight
cruisers built during the past three years
of one size and type; they are sheathed
ships of 11,000 tons, 16,500 horse power and
have a speed under forced draught of
20.5 knots.
The Russian admiralty will once more
endeavor to make Potl— a town lying
north of Batoum— a na%'al station. Fifteen
million dollars were expended some years
ago-to make it a safe anchorage, but the
work had to be abandoned owing to
heavy western gales to which the road
stead was exposed. One and three-quar
ter million dollars has been set aside to
recommence the work, and Poti will be
come a naval base for the Black Sea fleet.
The French superior council of the navy,
corresponding somewhat to the British
admiralty, has been reconstructed. It
now consists of the Minister of Marine
as president, vice admirals on the active
list who have been in command of squad
rons, the admirals commanding in the
Mediterranean and the Channel, and the
chief of staff, the sub-chief having con
sultative voice. To this large number of
officials are furthermore to be added the
naval prefects or commanders of shore
stations.
The Austrian torpedo boats Boa and
Cobra recently called at Gibraltar and ex
cited the attention of British naval offi
cers on account of their appearance of
strength. The general opinion was that
there was "more ship and less tin box
full of machinery." and they were con
sidered to be eminently practical boats,
capable of standing a great deal of
knocking about without deterioration.
These boats were built by Yarrow and
are 135 tons.
The French submarine boat Gustave
Zede, it is claimed, has just passed
through some successful tests at Toulon.
She Is said to have torpedoed the French
armor-clad Magenta twice, once when
the latter was anchored and the second
time when she was moving. The only
drawback, it is pointed out. Is that the j
eddy caused by the boat betrayed her ;
movements at 1500 yards In broad day- !
light. The principle of the Invention is j
that the boat is no longer "blind," two i
lieutenants having invpnted an "eye,"
which facilitates submarine progress. An
other French submarine boat, the Gym- \
note, is now armed with torpedoes and a j
third, to be named the Morse, is to be
ready in March. t
The Chataurenault, rated a first class
cruiser in the French navy, but really a
commerce destroyer like the Columbia and ]
Minneapolis in our navy, is approaching j
completion at Toulon. She was built 'by \
contract at La Seyne, begun May 23, 1896. j
launched May 12 last, and is to be finished \
next July. Her dimensions are: Length,
442 feet; breadth, 55 feet 9 inches; draught,
24 feet 6 inches, displacing 8018 tons. The
hull is sheathed and coppered and the en
gines, driving three screws, are of 23,000 j
horse power, calculated to give a speed of
23 knots. The armament consists of two
6.4 inch, six 5.5 inch quick firers and ten !
3 pounders, and the complement is 17 ofH- j
tors, l'> endets, 50 petty officers, 114 engine j
room staff and mechanics and 500 blue- j
jackets. The coal bunker capacity is 2100
tons and the estimated cost is $3,033,000. The
United States cruiser Minneapolis is 7375
tons, 20,862 horse power and 23 knot speed,
carries IS9I tons of coal and has a battery
of one 8 Inch, two 6 inch, eight 4 inch quick i
firers. twelve 6 pounders and four 1 j
pounders. Her cost, including armament, I
was $3,849,966 44. While the Minneapolis j
has a heavier battery and better gun pro- j
tection, than the Chataurenault, the I
sheathed bottom of the latter gives her !
a decided advantage over the American I
ship In. economical and reliable steaming. !
A Warm England.
The , extremes of outdoor temperature!
in England vary more than 12? degrees.
The greatest heat probably on record was !
registered in the valley 'of the Medway |
on July 22, ISGB, when the thermometer I
at Tonbridge stood .in the shade at lOO I^ |
degrees Fahrenheit. Eleven ypars later, i
in December, 1879, Do degrees of frost were j
recorded at Blackladder, Berwickshire, |
I. c., 23 degrees . below zero Fahrenheit. I
More remarkable, however, than the heat ;
in summer were the hot winters of 1748 1
andilSs7, and the warm-Januarys of 1877, I
18S4' and 189S.— Notes and Queries.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsends.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A man never fully understands the
meaning of court costs until he has been
the defendant in a breach of promise suit.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty :ears by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, Including fifteen days" board at
hotel : longer etay XI 10 per day. Appl j at
4 New Montgomery street, San Francisco.
ACKER'S ENGLISH REMEDY 18 BEYOND
question the greatest of all modern remedies.
It win cure a cough or cold Immediately or
money hpck. At Owl Drug Co.
IMPERIALISM
AS A PERIL TO
THE REPUBLIC
Able Address by Rev.
J. T. Sunderland.
j WHAT IT MEANS TO AMERICA
PRINCIPLES MORE IMPORTANT
THAN COMMERCE.
I At Present We Are a World Power
for the Promotion of Human
Liberty and Man's
Rights.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway.
Rev. J. T. Sunderland. pastor of the
First Unitarian Church, delivered an in
teresting and instructive address to-day
on "Imperialism as a Peril to the Repub
lic." In the course of his remarks he rttid:
"What is imperialism? Two dennltloni
may be given. In the more specific and
limited sense imperialism is that form oi
government which seeks to Increase Its
power and dominion by the conquest (or
purchase) and annexation of colonies,
ruled without their consent, as Spain
ruled Cuba and the Philippines, as Great
Britain rules India, as France rules Al
giers and Madagascar.
"In the more general and Inclusive
sense imperialism is the rule of any peo
ple by another without the consent of the
ruled. The essence of Imperialism 1b ruts
from without and not from within. It Js
government imposed upon a people by
conquest or superior force, and not gov
ernment instituted and maintained itaelf,
of its own free will, to secure its own d«
sired ends.
"Thus we see that imperialism, bo far
from being republicanism or having any.,
thing in common with republicanism, in
the exact opposite of republicanism. In
Its very nature it is the foe and destroyer
of republicanism. One can grow only ac
the other declines. One can live or.)y &z
the other dies. If a republic anywhere
adopts imperialistic principles or methods
just in so far as it does so it ceases to
be a republic. It passes from the rankr
of freedom to the ranks of tyranny. It
it shall happen to us In this country In
connection with the exigencies that are
now upon us as a nation that we shall
adopt a colonial system or a policy of
national expansion which shall be In any
degree imperialistic Ui character, that is
to say, which shall set out to rule any
nation ,or people, large or small, without
Its consent, or for ends or by methods not
of its >hooslng, then. Just in so far, we
shall liave given up our republican meth
ods an<t principles.
"Is oiwf> country ready for such a change,
such a reversal of her past history? For
one I do hot believe it. The signs at pres
ent looking In that direction I believe are
temporary and passing. What are the ar
guments used in favor of imperialism, or
a national policy of expansion by annex
ing outlying qolonies? The one that seem 3
to be urged much more than any other is
the necessity of trtlde. Trade, we are told,
follows the flag. In order to get the trad*
of the Philippines we must own and rile
them. In order to secure a wide trade in
the world we must build up a colonial
system.
"May we dispense with justice for the
sake of securing trade? May we turn our
'back upon our republican principles in or
der to get control of the subject peoples
,upon whom we may force our goods-? No,
to honorable men and Governments— atria
especially to Republican Governments
there is something higher than dollars
and cents. Justice Is first: honor is first;
the principles of liberty for which as a
government we stand before the world are
nrst. Dollars and cent 3 are second, and
must be kept second.
"But for one I believe It is not true that
we need to own and govern other coun
tries in order to secure trade. The coun
try with which we have the largest trade
of* any in the world is England. Is It be
cause we own England? we have a vast
trade with Germany. Is It because our
flag floats over Germany? We have trade
amounting to $60,000,000 a year with Asia.
But we do not own or govern an inch of
land in Asia.
"If we want Increased trade with the
Philippines and the world in general, tha
way to get it Is not by entering upon a
career of military conquest and imperial
istic rule of colonies, but by attending to
simple trade conditions. But there are
other arguments In support of an Im
perialistic policy besides that of the ne
cessities of trade. One is that it is time
for us as a nation to get out of our isola
tion and become a world power. I could
inquire whether extending our commerce
over the world, as we are doing, is not
getting out of isolation? What Is it to
become a world power? Is it to be all
the while on the lookout for lands to
grab or weaker people to conquer? Is
there no other way to become a world
power except by arms or physical force?
Is there no such thing as a world influ
ence of a moral kind? Suppose we should
set out to become a world power In the
direction of peace and justice, and en
lightenment! Would not that be worth
our whtte? Is there any one who doubta
that throughout all our national history
thus far. we have been the greatest ex
isting world power for the promotion of
human liberty and the rights of man?
Is this nothing? Shall we relinquish this'
to grasp ':t something lower?
"There are even those who tell us that
Dewey's victory shows that it is 'the will
of God' that we shall hold and rule the
Philippines. It is the will of God if it is
right. Not otherwise. I think few peo
ple fully realize what a national policy of
imperialism and expansion into distant
parts of the earth involves. It involves a
very large increase in our standing army
Already we are asked to quadruple our
military strength, raising the number of
our. regular soldiers to 100,000 instead of
the 25,000 which we have had heretofore
It is estimated that 80,000 of these 100 000
soldiers will be wanted for service
abroad."
The speaker contended also that the
nature of the case will breed endless rings
and jobbery; the men sent abroad to ad
minister the civil affairs of our colonies
will have to be selected by the political
methods commonly in vogue among us
and that means that offices will be spoils
of party and spoilsmen will be too far
away from home to be watched. Then
too, an imperialistic policy will open the
way. at more points- than we can foresee
to diplomatic complications with other
powers. In conclusion Rev. Sunderland
said:
"Finally, an imperialistic policy for the
nation means abandonment of the golden
rule as applying to nations; abandonment
of the principles of the Declaration of
American Independence; abandonment of
the Ideals of our forefathers of the revo
lution; abandonment of our whole hun
dred years of advocacy as a nation before
the world, that government of the people
for the people and by the people, is the'
only right government.
"Said John Sherman, late Secretary of
State, a few weeks ago: 'My hope is'that
the Senate will reject the present treaty
and leave the people of the Philippine
Islands free from the shackles of Spain
and the distant domination of the United
States.'
*'I believe that here is the only way
clear and straight, out of the confusion'
the difficulties and the humiliations Into'
which as a people we have been drawn by
the war and its unforeseen issues. This
right way and the way of imperialism
are before us as a nation, asking lis to
choose between them. Does any one be
lieving in God and justice and human
freedom doubt what our choice ought to
be? Does any one believing in the Amer
ican ppople doubt what our choice or ul
timatum will be?"
Many Lord Chancellors.
He (Lord St. Leonards) told me an
amusing story of his being, shut up In
the great lunatic asylum near Dublin
•when he was Irish Chancellor. < All went
well till he tried to get- out, when the
omcials strenuously • opposed ; his < depar
ture. 'But lam the Lord Chancellor 'he
said. . Ah, I dare say.' was the answer
'we have many Lord Chancellors here ' "'
rom :"M &n y Memories of Many People."
M. C. M. Sampson. ' ■ ; . 'ON HER WAY TO HONOLULU
THE United States dispatch boat Iroquois came down from Mare Island yesterday afternoon and will sail for Hawaii to-day. She will be
•tationed permanently at the islands and will not come back here unless with dispatches or in case of emergency. The Iroquois was
formerly the Spreckels tug Fearless, and as such was :he best vessel of her class on the bay. When the war with Spain broke out she was
purchased by the Government and classed as a torpedo-boat destroyer. She was then in command of Captain Louis H. Turner and was officered
and manned by the California Naval Militia. Since the war she has been used as a tender between the navy-yard and the city.
SOUTHEASTER
NOW RAGING
OFF THE COAST
Steamers Overdue on
Account of It.
A PERILOUS OCEAN VOYAGE
FROM AUSTRALIA TO NEW
GUINEA IN A LAUNCH.
Transport Tacoma at Honolulu — The
Bennington on Her Way to
Manila — Charles W.
Morgan Spoken.
A calm reigned along the front yester
day, but it was blowing a gale at the
heads. At 10:30 a. in. it was blowing
thirty-six miles an hour at Point Lobos,
and the wind increased as the day wore
on. The barkentine 8. G. "Wilder was
taken out by the tug Alert, but when she
was a mile outside the Cliff House Cap
tain McNeil] changed his mind and came
back. There "was a deckload of i.ops and
cattle on the barkentine, and the captain
was not taking any chances.
The wind is from the south southwest,
and the chances are it is blowing a hur
ricane off shore. The steam collier Czar
ina was due from Puget Sound last Satur
day and the passenger steamer State of
California from Portland yesterday morn
ing, but the chances are that both vessels
had to heave to during the storm.
The American ship James Drummond
arrived from Philadelphia yesterday
after a smart passage of 144 days. The
I had a hard time of it off the Horn,
and on January 11, 12 and 13 had a tucces-
Fion of southeast and southwest gales off
the coast.
When- the steamer Maripoea was in Syd
ney, N. S. W., the Australian papers were
full of a perilous ocean voyage then be
ing made t.y a small yacht. Dr. Cecil
Vauehan. with a crew of three men, is
now (di hi? way to New Guinea in a 35
--foot ""ill launch. H» is going into the cul
tivation of the rubber trees and expects
to be able to turn the natives into friends
Instead of the natives turning mself
and crew into stew. The small boat in
which the doctor was to make his long
voyage was creating a great deal of com
ment while the Maripnsa was at Sydney.
W. She Is 35 feet long, 8 feet 4
Inches broad and 4 feet deep. The accom
modations consist <if a forecastle with
r>unks fur two men. hold for cargo, cabin
and storeroom. The engine is of the very
'.atf-st vattern and was built by the L'nioh
Ca« Kngine. Company of San Francisco.
Instead of gasoline, naphtha is used,
however, so the machinery is somewhat
different from that of the various gas
launches in the bay. The new boat is
called the Musa, and is ketch-rigged. She
carri' 'ii to run an enormous
distance, her first stop after leaving Syd
ney being at Brisbane. The Musa made a
number of excursions around Sydney
harbor with friends of Dr. Vaughah
aboard, and just before he sailed the
rnoi of New South Wales was his
guest during a run up the river.
The United States dispatch boat Iro
quois came down from Mare Island yes
and will start for Honolulu to-day.
She - ationed at the islands in
future and will not )>o scon here unless It
becon sary to send her with dis
patches.
The I'nited States gunboaat Benning
ton was to have sailed for Manila via
W'ak' Island and Guam last week from
Honolulu, and the chances are that she is
now well on her way. She took with her
• dar pole ■which is to be put up
on Wake Island to fly the American flag.
At Guam the Bennington will remain
eotne time, and Captain Taussig will ad
ter the affairs of the island until
his successor is appointed.
A few days before the fiennington sailed
from Honolulu, H. W. Flint, chief boat
swain's n •!)* a benedict. He
marrl'il Miss Nina Gardiner, and nearly
all his shipmates were present at the
ling.
The ship Taoomn. with supplies for the
soldiers at Honolulu and 111 mules for
Man!!,; arrived at Honolulu on the sth
Inst. The last time the Tacoma started
the condensing machinery broke down,
the electric plant went wrong and every
thing was sixes and sevens when Hawaii
was reached. On this occasion every
thing worked to perfection, and the cap
tain says he will make the trip to Manila
without losing a mule. The animals were
landed and turned out with the hor-e*
brought down on the first trip of the
Tacoma. After discharging her stores all
the animals wen- to be taken aboard
again and the Tacoma was to continue
her voyage. to-day.
Captain Moore, of the "Island of Gold"
fame is now on his way to Kngland as
first mate of the American ship Henry
Vlllard. It will not go well with him If
the two Englishman whom he took north
with him in the schooner Free Trade in
search of the treasure island run across
him. v
The whaling bark Charles W. Morgan
which left here November 26 for a cruise
in the southern seas, was spoken on De
cember 29, near the Hawaiian Isles, by
the steamer I'polu. Captain Scullun
hailed the steamer and asked her to
heave to. He then lowered one of the
whaler's boats and put aboard the Upolu
about fifty letters for San Francisco.
The Morgan was then on her way to Po
r.ape, in the Caroline group.
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple tree. Address Anakesis, New York. •
PLUNGED TO
DEATH FROM
HIS WINDOW
Chas. Marchant Fa
tally Injured.
DIED IN THE PATROL WAGON
THROWN FROM THE STRETCHER
EN ROUTE TO THE HOSPITAL.
The Occurrence Renews the Conten
tion That the California-Street
Station Should Have an
Ambulance.
Charles Marchant. a furniture polisher, ;
residing at the Adelphia House. 909 Kear- I
ny street, fell from the window of his j
room on the third floor yesterday morn- j
ing and was so severely injured that he •
died on the way to the Harbor Hospital.
A fast wagon call was sent to the Call- •
fornla station as soon as the man was
found on the sidewalk, and Driver John
Daly and Policeman A. B. Thompson
were sent out on the patrol wagon. They
took the man to the hospital as rapidly as .
possible, but he died in the wagon. People
who witnessed the run to the. hospital say !
that at the corner of Market and East
streets the wagon was being driven reck
tesaly and that Marchant was thrown
from the stretcher.
The injured man was unconscious when j
placed In the stretcher of the patrol wag- j
on. but was still alive. The witnesses j
who make the charge of reckless driving
say that when Daly turned into East
street he did not slacken the pace of his
horses, and the wagon went jolting over j
the car tracks. Marchant was thrown I
from the stretcher so violently that he I
struck the top of the wagon. He fell I
ARTISTS WILL SING
FOR SWEET CHARITY
Notable Volunteers for the Benefit of the Wee Tots,
Cared for by the Children's Hospital, to Be Held
at the Orpheum on Wednesday.
f i matinee benefit at the Orpheum on Wednesday afternoon for the
Children's Hospital fund promises to be a notable event. Society will
X be there In full force. Despite the inclement weather of the past few
days the box office sale has been large. Society ladles have taken
the matter in hand and their work has been of the most practical kind
hat of buying box and reserved
seats in blocks of tens and
wenties. However, many good
eats are left, as the Orpheum
holds a lot of people, some 3000,
n fact. No more worthy object
could appeal to the good people
of this city than this same Chil
dren's Hospital. The good it has
< one is immeasurable.
A great bill has been arranged
>y Manager Morrissey, and in
addition to the Orpheum's con
ribution there are a number of
extras for this day. Little Dib
ble and Master Harry Mangles,
wo of the best-known and most
alented children on the stage in
his city, will appear in their
ute songs and cake walks. These
ittle tots are only 6 and 7 years'
of age, but they are talented
and willing to contribute to the
aid of the institution that has
done so much for their young
companions.
Then there 1b Querlta Vincent,
he New York danseuse, who was
rought out here by the Olympia
or an engagement at that house,
he will appear in her latest
ongs and dances. The Arbras,
crobats and musicians as well;
[ax Cincinnati, thecomic juggler;
he Four Avolos, xylophone
wonders, were all brought from
Europe by the Orpheum management, and they are all down for an act on
this great bill. Probably there never was a benefit given in this city at
which trtere appeared so many representatives from other lands and from so
widely separated parts of this country. Johnnie Carroll and Addie Crawford
will appear in their clever blackface comedy entitled "Opening His Eyes."
This act is one of the hits of the Orpheum's bill this week. Another act
that has won favor is that of Barton Hill and his clever comedian, Charles
Willard, and the ladles of his company, Ella Soth^rn and Lucila Nunn,
who will also assist in selling flowers and programmes. Krause and Rosa,
with their funny "Dutch Pickaninnies." have something new to offer for
this occasion. George Evans, the monologlst, has been gathering new jokes
and parodies. Papinta, the Queen of Myriad Dancers, is on the bill, and
will not only appear in her beautiful dances, but the public will have an
opportunity to see her at short range, for she will help with the flower sale.
All the theaters will be represented by leading members, who will attend to
the sale of flowers and programmes. Considering the worthy object and the
great bill arranged next Wednesday afternoon should see the Orpheum
packed to its fullest capacity.
JOHN XORRISET. Xaciger Orphenm Theater.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1899.
again to the stretcher, when a second jolt
threw him to the floor of the wagon. Offi
cer Thompson was nearly hurled from the
wagon, but as soon as he recovered his
balance had the wagon stopped and the
injured man was again placed on the
stretcher. When the hospital was reached
Marchant was dead. Dr. Higglns found
that he had sustained a fracture of the
skull and jaw and a rupture of some in
ternal blood vessel. His death was due
to hemorrhage of the lungs.
Patrol Driver Daly denies that he was
driving at a reckless pace and his state
ment is corroborated by the police. Lieu
tenant Esola. to whom the occurrence
was reported, is of the opinion that no
one is to blame In the matter. Daly had
instructions to get the injured man to the
hospital as soon as possible, and in driv
ing faster than on an ordinary run was
only doing his duty and endeavoring to
take Marchant to medical aid as quickly
as he could.
This occurrence brings up again the old
contention of the Police Department that
an ambulance should be attached to the
California-street station. Lieutenant
Esola said last night:
"The patrol wagon is but a poor excuse
for an ambulance and we only use It in
cases of emergency, such as the one yes
terday. Thr> man was seriously injured
and needed immediate medical attention.
Had the ambulance at the hospital been
telephoned for the chances are that it
would have taken fully tewenty minutes
for it to reach the injured man. The
wagon was on the spot within five min
utes We have contended all along that
an ambulance should be attached to our
station The California-street station Is a
central point for the eastern portion of
the town, and we average sixty cases to
the hospital a month. With that record
it looks to us as if an ambulance should
by all means he placed at the station.
Laid at Rest in Calvary.
A large number of friends and brother
officers of Sergeant Shadrach Campbell
attended the funeral of his wife yester
day morning from her late residence. 239
Guerrero street. to Mission Dolores
Church, where requiem high mass was
celebrated. The remains were Interred In
Calvary Cemetery. The pall-bearers were
Sergeants Martin and Coogan, Detective
Dinan and Policemen John Dougherty, C.
W. Brown and C. J. Joseph. The floral
offerings were many and beautiful.
Says He Was Robbed.
J. A. Patterson, MB% Mission street,
was taken to the Receiving Hospital early
yesterday morning, where an ugly lacer
ated wound in his scalp was stitched and
dressed He was under the influence of
liquor, and said that while passing 959
Market street he was hit on the head with
a sandbag and knocked down. His pockets
were rifled and about $S was stolen. He
yelled for the police and the robbers ran.
He did not know whether there were two
or three and could not identify them.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming* Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
IS NEWHALL A
MOSES TO THE
MERCANTILE?
Will Be the Library's
New President.
GINGER IS IN HIS POLICY
A GREAT PROGRAMME FOR THE
OLD INSTITUTION.
No Opposition at To-Day's Annual
Election — Pay the Debt, De
liver Books and Get
Members.
Is the dawn of another bright and glori
ous day just breaking in the east for the
Mercantile Library?
The whole city is interested in any good
fate that may come to this old and long
honored Pierian spring.
It has come to pass that George A.
NVwhall is to be its new president, with
a new policy in which is to be a high per
centage of ginger.
He heads the "regular" ticket for the
annual election from 9 a, m. to 8 p. m.
to-day, and for once no "opposition"
ticket Is heard of. The regular nominat
ing committee has put forth the follow
ing:
President. George A. Newhall; vice presi
dent, F. P. Deering; treasurer, T. R. Banner
man; recording secretary, Charles J. King;
corresponding secretary, William Doxey; trus
tees—Thomas Magee, Dudley C. Bates, James
Linforth, Latham McMullen, Miss Sarah Ham
lln, Miss Agnes Manning, A. M. Robertson,
A. E. Kellogg, T. Norwood.
Of these nominees Messrs. Bannerman,
King, Kellogg, Doxey, Bates and Linforth
and Miss Manning are renomlnated for
the positions they held last year, while
President Thomas Magee is made a trus
tee. In the absence of opposition this ad
ministration will be chosen to-day with
out any fuss and the venerable institution
calmly awaits its manifest destiny.
Can George A. Newhall save the Mer
cantile Library and put new life booming
through its veins?
"I have decided opinions," says Mr.
Newhall. "For one thing we must have
a messenger service to receive and deliver
hooks at homes of subscribers. Let a
subscriber telephone to the library and
then let a uniformed messenger respond
with a catalogue. Let the subscriber
pick out his book and return the one bor
rowed, and let the one ordered be deliv
ered. The location of the library is
against it. but such a plan would make it
the most popular in the city."
"Then there should be downtown dis
tributing branches. But what the library
most needs is a fund to buy all the cur
rent popular books. Let us beg, borrow
or raise somehow money for that any
how.
"The great thing, of course, is the debt
of $75,000 that piles up $4500 interest a
year. I have suggested "trying to fund it
in non-Interest bearing bonds, but I have
another plan which I cannot speak of
now."
It is encouraging, for if by any plan
that overhanging $75,000 debt can be lifted,
the Mercantile Library will be itself
again.
"The library has allowed the leading
families to gradually drop out," observed
Mr. Newhall further. "Let us get them
back. Take the Tevises. Take Walter
Hobart"— and Mr. Newhall fired at the
chance flashed by a remembrance of the
Burlingame Club— "take George A. Pope, |
the Crockers .and those people— what is 50
cents a month to them? Get them in!
Then the building needs to be spruced up
a bit. It needs whitening and paint
and putty and an air of prosperity, in
stead of looking hard up with a lot of
dusty 'offices to let' signs all over it.
The poetess, Ina D. Coolbrith. the
librarian of the Mercantile, sat at her
desk yesterday in the magnificent but
rather lonely library room, and said of
the prospects of the library:
"I don't know. I don't know that we
have men of sufficient public spirit to put j
the library on its feet. The debt should :
be paid or funded in non-interest bearing
bonds. We have the finest library room
this side of Chicago and the finest library
except in recent works. When it was the
only library in the city it invested its
money in rare works that are invaluable
to scholars, artists and investigators.
Every day scholars from the city and
from Stanford and Berkeley come here
looking for books they can find in no
other library, but that does not pay ex
penses. It is a pity the debt should not
be lifted now when for the first time in
years the library is self-sustaining except
for the interest charge. The debt and
money for nr-w books to popularize it are
its needs. It is a shame that San Fran
cisco cannot sustain one scholarly library
like this."
The last year's account shows an in
come from rents and dues of $590 a month,
runnnlng expenses of $450, a net paying
membership of 725. about 500 new books
and $1800 of floating debt paid.
This la the best showing made in years
and now great promises are in view.
A JOLLY FOOLS' BALL.
The Ladies of the Turnschwestera
Give a Unique Entertainment.
The Mission Turnschwestern, or Ladies'
Vereln, gave a "Fools' Ball" last evening
at the Mission Turn Verein Hall on
Eighteenth street near Valencia. It was
a very pleasing and a very unique affair,
where all tbe guests wore parti-colored
paper foolcaps during the festivities. This
startling style of headgear was an inex
haustible source of merriment for every
body present.
The first part of the entertainment was
the rendering of an Interesting literary
and musical programme by members of
the organization. In all of the numbers
of the bill the character of a very funny
"fool" predominated. This was followed
by dancing, which lasted until near
morning.
A NAME OF MZBCY.
Father Ramm Delivers an Instruc-
tive Sermon at the Cathedral.
Rev. Father C. A. Ramm preached- at
St. Mary's Cathedral last evening. His
text was from the twenty-first verse of
the first chapter of St. Matthew: "And
thou shalt call his name Jesus, for he
shall save his people from their sins."
Father Ramm's discourse was one that
demanded and held the closest attention
of his congregation. He spoke of the
name of Jesus as being one of power.
This was his first thought, but he went
on to show that the Christian world also
considered the name to stand for mercy
and love. He said that it was the power
by which the apostles preached mercy
and kindness, and that this thought in
connection with the name of Jesus was
always predominant.
Father Ramm prior to his sermon an
nounced that in the first week of every
month of this year, In preparation for the
consecration of the first year of the com
ing century, a special sermon and solemn
benediction will be given on the evening
of the first Sunday of each month. Th.'
first of these sermons is yet to be
preached. As they aro to be delivered
by the pastors of the churches Father J.
J." Prendergast will preach those to be de
livered at the cathedral. The idea of these
sermons originated in Europe and the
Pope gave his sanction to them, but they
are in no wise mandatory.
Mrs. Belasco Laid to Rest.
The late Mrs. Reyna Belasco was laid
to rest in the Hills of Eternity Cemetery
yesterday afternoon. The funeral was
one of the largest seen here for some
time and the floral pieces, sent by the
hosts of friends, were beautiful. Services
were held at the late home of the de
ceased at 10:30 oclook and a funeral train
was taken at Third and Townsend streets
to the cemetery where the interment took
place.
Chutes and Sutro's Baths.
Considering' the weather good crowds
congregated at the Chutes and Sutro's
Baths. At the former place Planka en
tertained the feathering and aquatic sports
were the attraction at the baths.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33
i For the Entire Week.
WRINGERS ' Ifly-sEw^Q
Wood frame; best H^KTwP^llf ■
quality rubber rolls, &*■-•" "*££'■!? Ay -
s?ixlO inches; vulcan- pS 5 * ZS&a
iied on the shaft. /js*?3s!Smp^
Regularly U5O.
100 only at this price.
wacm nriADnc ) '"Universal" made of
WASH BOARDS I hard wood. Stron?
20c. each I and durable. Kegu-
; larly 25c. each.
\\' nr .u t> ii \ IX tin, extra heavy,
Wash Boilers I with best quality cop^
m. n <*~.~uei nn V PPr° r bottom. A clothes
. "0. 7, each $1.00 f fork with every boiler.
No. 8, ** $1.15 I Regularly f1.25 and
/ $1.60.
IDnMIMHRnADn) Fo'ding— will open
IROMNQ BOARD f up like a table. Made
Each $1.15 i |i!T ace> Kegularl y
.. .^ Flbre ) Indurated fibre-12
WATER PAILS > quarts capacity. Regu-
Each, 30c. ) Ur] y 4Oc>
tad nnAnne ) Oak wood, striped
LAP BOARDS f and varnished; 20 in.
75C. each I wide by 36 in. long.
) ReguiarlyJl.OO.
OIL CLOTH ) To close out — colors
ISC a yard \ °" /v — 45 inches wide.
toc.ayaru ) Regularly 20c.
GAS HEATERS) 6 dozen only— No
cc- „„ . c more to be had at this
55c. each ) pr i C
LAUNDRY SOAP) Our old family—full
• 8 __!,__ -*-;. i one pound bars.
8 CaKes 2oC. ) Regularly 6 cks. 25c.
FANCY PRUNES ) Imperial brand-Call-
-85 Ib hove« [ fTnia French — very.
oiDDOXes > urge. fine irnit.Regu.-
■* ac . 1 larly 65c. box.
See Window Display.
i£^g^~\S^sg<l|^^-A DOCTOR
im c\f us d o
txsggf ™I & ■ El ff\ O
Iraf s P ecialisls for Men
V t'% I / >^-l tnct<d ftilmrnt* «!n«-e 1681.
*sr 'tl <^S^K^B '" lt *" u! l'>'^ l iu«llc»l in-
V T - nfortun,»t9 m-a who c»n-
ESTABLISHEO 17 YEARS. Tho^, Ll ' FREE -
Thonunds eure<l at boms.
Ail lrtten confldtnt)»i. No Charge for Consultation.
701 MARKET ST., ) -. ■ _
101 SAN FBASCISCO } Elevator Entrance.
Munyon'sHeadache and lndigestlonCure
Is the only remedy on the market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tc-.i. It should be in every home and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures 25c.
— — — . , .
m^^ai, ; WHEN YOU
tl^^^^^^k Require an ELEC-
IIKISII™ 0 BELT ssl " Dr -
Piercs's" and you will
J v^i^«^^(\ not be disappointed.
'Vfkr~ Call or address PIERCE
'} ELECTRIC CO.. 620
Mark»» si. (opp. Pilics Hote). S. F.
ivicrD\/|TA mxorts VITALITY
l>lCri VI I M LOST VIGOR,
■ j£S/&\ — : '" "-""AND MANHOOD
E2jr"*~T Cure* Im potency Night Emissions and wasting
HBJBh diseases, all effects ci self 'abuse, or excess and
I^?;^^ indiscretion. A nenrctonic and blccd^buildcr.
,^!l Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and tf
g-jryVrtV Brings the pink youth. pale mail 50e per
jtS». - / ttcres the fire of youth. By mail sOc per
((W^«L box: 6 boxes for $2.50; wi:h a written
Wiv^^Jl^[guarantee to cure or refund the money.
Ikrriu Hlfdita! Go., GMnton * 3sckson its., Chicago.
WALLER BROS., 33 Grant avc.San Francisco. |
. , ,
AHII 111 and Morphine Habits
Ul ! I Bill cured at home. Write
1 1 I : 1 1 VI for full particulars and
VI I Will book free
INDIAN OPIUM CURE. B. D. KiMMIS.
201 Turk St.. San Francisco.
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. ■
• For the cure of all , disorders of the Stomach,
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache. . Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25 eta. 'a* box. At Druggists,
or by maiL RAD WAY & CO.. New York. j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NervousTr^^A
f §|o» ilk The Ideal French Tonic
ilgM^^ * A 1 ** 1 FOR BODY AND BRAIN
"^ Since 1863, Endorsed by Medical Faculty
immediate lasting efficacious agreeable
SAN FRANCISCO'S
GREATEST ART EVENT!
TO-DAY JgL
And TO-MORROW.
EXHIBITION OF THE raw
FERDINAND ROSSI J|§
COLLECTION OF **&P*
RARE ART TREASURES.
Under the direction of
B. GROSSBAUM & SONS,
London, Eng.
TO BE SOLD Within the Gallery,
AT AUCTION GEARY ST.,
WEDNESDAY Adjoining the
lrEwnEMjAi, Cjty of pari3
And todays fol- Dry Goods
' lowing. tOi
OWING TO ENFORCED REMOVAL OF THE
TURKISH RUG CO.
1 WILL SELL—
their ' | g I ! I g aTa
ENTIRE STOCK Sk j | E
AT ABSOLUTE
...AUCTION...
COMMENCING "TO-DAY
At 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m., at
123 GEARY STREET.
A. W. LOUDERBACK, Art Auctioneer. .
GREAT REDUCTION SALE
FURNITURE
MIND
CARPETS !
A tremendous line of all grades of FURXI-
TT'RE, CARPETS. ETC.. Just arrived too late
for holiday trade. As we are greatly over-
crowded we have marked all goods at aston-
ishingly low prices for the month of January.
Call and convince yourselves.
Liberal credit to all.
T. B. BRILLIANT,
SUCCESSOR ARONSON FURNITURE CO.
33S and 340 Post St., bet. Stockton and Powell.
Tel. Main 1850. Free delivery across the bay.
ODOOOOOOOOOOOOOCIOQ
o w PALACE *•«•!
IGRAND motels a
Q CAn FRANCISCO. T
** Connected by a covered passageway. *J
P 1400 Rocrr.s— 9oo With Bath Attached. «
0 ' -A.U Under Ons . Management. 0
0 , KOTS THE F&I0S3: Q
9 European Flan. Bl .oo per day and upward *-
American Plan. s3. oo per day and upward Q<
! Q Correspondence Solicited. Q
£ JOSS C. EISKPA-rRICS, Mta»g»r. jjj
loooooooooaooooooj
Baja California
DAMI AN A. BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisine and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes.' and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on . its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
323 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
/^X"*v »noToo«A?!tio Off H M Js — J3 H n fir*k
■ (^^— - yiTfii i§
istDay. atSh/J&ex * * (era CDCUHtU
Hrrar ,oth Dv .^m^VZy rKtfluHn
YITALIS -iC. M DCUCnV
■ PROnriKS THKATiOTK 30th Day. II kin 1.11 Ie I
; RKSCLTS. It surely removes Nervousness, Impotency,
1 fiightly Emission*. Evii Dreams Wastin; Diseases and all effects
; of self-abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores :..--t Vitality
I Power and Tailing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
tion. Cures when all others fail. Insist on hiring VITALIS
no other.- Can be carried in the Test pocket. By mail *1 O<>
per p«ka e or six for «5.00 with a guarantee to Cure or
jtefnml the Money. Circular Free. Address
OALL'MET Cl XX CO., 834 Dearborn St., ChJc»«»
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
AMUSEMENTS.
19 f f*> INGLESIDE
Mm K^mUm m TRACK.
"The . grandest racing plant In America."—
Chicago Chronicle.' - ■' : .
I FIVE OR MORE
I RACES DAILY!
■ WEDNESDAY — THE BALBOA BOULE-
VARD STAKES. Handicap. "Three-year-olds.
One mile.
THURSDAY— GENTLEMAN'S RACE FOR
! CHALLENGE CUP. Six entries. One mile.
! Trains leave. Third-street station at 12:15 and
1:15 p. m. Round-trip tickets, 25 cents.
Electric cars on Mission and Kearny streets
every three minutes.
ADMISSION— ONE DOLLAR.
S. N. ANDROUS," President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary.
CONCERTS AND BESORTS.
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL.
TUESDAY- EVENING, January 17— Matinees
Wednesday and Saturday, January IS and 21.
HELMONT. Violinist: IDA SIMMONS, Plan-
lste; GRACE PRESTON. Contralto. Prices,- $1
and 50c. Seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
. . THE . .
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
:. A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO 11.
EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORSES.
• AMUSEMTINT3. _
COLUMBIA^
Beginning TO-NIGHT.
EVERY EVENING-Includlnft Sunday.
FRANK DANIELS
In His Big Comic Opera. Success,
The IDOL'S EYE
By Harry D. Smith and ' Victor Herbert.
Produced here by the same entire cast and
scenery seen during Its long New York run.
Next Week— THE WIZARD OF THE NILE
ONE WEEK ONLY.
Gus Heege's Swedish Comedy Drams.
"YON
YONSON"
j Presented by BEN HENDRICKS and a Splen-
did Cast.
Jan. 23-"A CONTENTED WOMAN."
ID-NEW VAUDEVILLE MONARCBS !»I0
THE FOUR ARBRAS, Europe's Musical
Acrobats.
THE THREE AVOLOS, England's Xylo-
phone Wonders.
MAX CINCINNATI, Comic Juggler.
JOHNNIE CARROLL and ADDIE CRAW-
FORD, in the Comedy Sketch. "Opening His
Eyes."
GEORGE EVANS: VOULETTE & CARLOS.
BARTON HILL and CHARLES WILLARD.
Assisted by ELLA . SOTHERN and LUCILA
NUNN.
KRAUSE and ROSA and the "Dutch Picka-
ninnies."
PAPINTA. PAPINTA— Dances. New
Electric Light Effects.
Reserved Sats. 25 cts.; Balcony, 10 cts.; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50 cts. -
I CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL MATINEE WED-
! NESDAY, Jan. IS. EVENING PRICES.
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
COMEDY THEATER.
Formerly the Popular Bush.
ALL THIS WEEK."
The Latest and Best of All Comedies,
TWO MARRIED MEN
The Laughing Suocess of the Season,
BY GEORGE R. EDESON.
BRIM FULL OF SPARKLING WIT.
PRETTY GIRLS.
FUN. MUSIC AND SONO.
j Bring your wives to f\ ff» TWO
! If you want to laugh 111 iff iDDirll
llf you are in trouble \l* !■ MARRIED
If you have the' blues. I MEN I
llf you need a tonic VL. U r?JZ?\ *
i REMEMBER NEXT SATURDAY MATINEB
Beautiful Doll Souvenirs Given Away.
FAMILY MATINEE SUNDAY.
1 Prices, 15c, 25c, 3Sc, 50c. Matinees, only 150
' and 25c. ! Seats on sale Box Office and Em-
porium. January 23 — The favorite play, "TEN-
j NESSEE"S PARDNER." '
I ALCAZAR M™ ta ™
TJT4-V NirHT AND DURING
I Lf-nlilll I ENTIRE WEEK. .
HOYT'S
A
TEMPERANCE
TOWN!
X* R. STOCKWELL AND GREAT CAST.
IS? PRICES dIZ
I Next Week "MEN AND WOMEN."
! TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
' Mrs. Ernestine KreHng. Proprietor and Ugr.
TO-NIQHT
SUPERB SCENIC PRODUCTION.
The Great Eastern Operatic Triumph,
THE WEDDING DAY
Written by Composed by
STANISLAUS STANGE. JULIAN EDWARDS
GREAT CAST, INCLUDING
Anna Llchter, Bernice Holmes,
Annie Myers, Maggie Leavy,
Edwin" Stevens, William Pruette.
Wm. H. West. Phil Branson, ■ .
Arthur Boyce. William Schuster.
ENLARGED CHORUS.
AUGMENTED ORCHESTRA.
BEAUTIFUL COSTUMES. . -
The Strongest Singing Company In America.
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 600
N. p.. — reserved seat for the Matinee, 25c.
Our telephone. Bush 9. .
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING
GREAT BILL in the FREE THEATER!
....PIANKA....
THE "LADY OF LIONS."
THE SENSATION- OF 2 CONTINENTS.
ARMAND and Carmen. Comedy Sketch Artist*:
V.M. BENTLEY, Musical Comedian; KITTY
O'BRIEN, the "Irish Shamrock."
AND A HOST OF NOVELTIES!
...See WMTf. SAPP.,.
THE OSSIFIED MAN.
Thursday Night— AMATEUR AMAZON MARCH.
10c. • Including Zoo and Theater; • Children. 604
! DR.MCNULTY.
i ri^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABIYK OLD
I 1. Special i.st evret Pri vu te. Nervous, and Blood Dls.
eases 0/ Men only. Book on I'rlvute Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. ■ Over f rs' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours?
t03da11r;6.30t08:30 ev'gs. Similar*. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.or address
P. ROSCOE McXI'LTY. H.D.
26% Kenrny St., San Francisco. Cal»
56
SECRETS OF THE
DREYFUS DOSSIER
Contains Documents Compromis
ing the Mutual Relations of
prance, Germany and Italy.
PARTS. Jan. 15.— The Soir says that Count yon Munster, the Ger
man Embassador, who left for Berlin suddenly yesterday, was sum
moned to confer with Baron yon Bulow, German Secretary of Sfate
lor Foreign Affairs, concerning the Dreyfus case.
General Mercier, who was Minister of War at the time of the
conviction of Dreyfus, has been interviewed by a representative of
i, to whom he declared that in ls!>4 he knew nothing of Comte
nand Esterhazy, or of the latter a re/ations with Colonel Sand
hcrr. "Dreyfus," he ad<sed, "lied when he pretended I knew he had
supplied documents to a foreign power in order to obtain more Im
portant documents in return, with a view of obtaining some mitiga
•' his sentence. However, I caused him to be asked the number
and value of the documents he had supplied. He refused, and his
refusal therefore pointed to his guilt."
GeneraJ Merder asserted to the Soir representative that the
■nreyfus dossier contained documents "compromising the mutual re
lationa of Fiance. Germany and Italy."
Arrangements have been made to give Comte Ferdinand Ester
hazy a virtual safe conduct to testify before the Court of Cassation
in the Dreyfus revision inquiry (< the Comte having forwarded to M.
Mazau. first president of the court, a synopsis of the evidence he is
prepared to give.
OPPONENTS OF
TREATY ACTIVE
Think They Can Cause
Its Defeat.
SPEECHES IN THE SENATE
STATESMEN TO TALK AGAINST
NICARAGUA CANAL BILL.
After Attending the Funeral of Ding
ley the House of Representa
tives Will Adjourn for
the Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.— 1t is the
purpose of Senator Davis, in charge of
the peace treaty, to again call it up
as soon as it can be reached without
dipplacing other measures which take
precedence under the existing orders of
the Senate. These questions are the
Indian appropriation bill and the Nic
aragua canal bill*
Under agreement made last week the
canal bill will be taken up at 3 o'clock
Tuesday for discussion in speeches not
to exceed fifteen minutes in duration.
There is no agreement for a vote on
the bill, but the belief Is general that
the understanding already reached will
lead to an early vote. Those Senators
-ed to the pending bill express no
intention of trying to prevent a vote,
and the friends of the bill are confident
that this culmination will not be post
poned beyond Wednesday. Sentor Mor
gan, who has led the contest for the
measure to-day, expressed the opinion
that the final vote would be reached
before adjournment Tuesday. He doeß
not expect a great many fifteen minute
speeches and he predicts that the bill
will go through without being amended
in any essential particular. The ac
ceptance by the committee of the Berry
amendments has had the effect of re
;ng much of the opposition to the
bill and there is believed to be little
doubt of its passage when the vote is
taken.
The Senate will attend the funeral of
Representative Dingley Monday at
noon, but after this ceremony the Sen
ators will return to their desks and re
sume consideration of the Indian bill.
This bill may continue to hold at
tention until Tuesday and if it should
prove to be the ea?u the further con
sideration of the treaty would be post
poned until after action upon the Nic
aragua bill. In the meantime the pen
sion and diplomatic appropriation bin's
will have been reported from the Com
mittee on Appropriations, but it is not
the purpose at present to give them
precedence over the treaty. Senator
Davis, chairman of the Foreign Rela
tions Committee, and Senator Allison,
chairman of the Appropriation Commit.
tee, are working to perfect harmony,
bo that no clash between the treaty and
the supply bills is probable.
Senator Bacon has given notice of a
speech on the general question of ex
tension of territory on Wednesday. His
address will be baaed upon the resolu
tions regarding the status of the Fil
ipinos introduced by himself some time
finoe and its delivery may lead to con
siderable debate, particularly on the
treaty in open session.
It is also probable that there will be
more or Uss discussion of the resolu
tion of Senator Hoar for the independ
ence of the Filipinos introduced on Sat
urday last. It is also understood that
Allen will, at the first opportunity, con
tinue the talk upon his resolution for
an investigation of the condition of the
war. Th<; greater outlook is against
any serious consideration of the treaty
before Thursday.
The opponents of the treaty profess
great confidence in being able to defeat
it upon a vote, and to believe that th«
friends of the argument will seek to
•one a vote until next session. The
■■eratic opponents of the argument
have held several meetings during the
)>;ist week and those who have attended
profess to be very hopeful concerning
the outlook. They claim twenty-four
V"tt>p in opposition, or three more than
necessary to defeat. They say they will
rfied to have the treaty ratified,
providing an amendment is engrafted
upon it declaring against the main
tenance of sovereignty in the Philip
pines, but the supporters of the treaty
decline so far to grant any such con
on. Some of them indicate a will
ingness to adopt a separate resolution
tn this »'ml, and it is not impossible that
this course may bo pursued. The sup
porters of the treaty do not claim to
be in the least disturbed over the out
look. They count upon considerable
delay In securing action, but still hold
to their contention that the treaty will
be ratified Just as it came to the Senate.
The work of the House during the
coming week will be forecast with the
sad rights attending the funeral trib
utes to Dingley. These will be held in
the House of Representatives and im
mediately following them the House
will adjourn for the day. On Tuesday
the legislative work of the House will
be resumed with the naval personnel
bill. But the personnel bill may be
displaced by the contested election caso
of Brown vs. Swanson, formal notice
having been given that it would be
called up on Tuesday. An election case
has the highest privilege, and if the
notice is carried out the personnel bill
will go over.
Wednesday has been pet aside for the
Committee on Interstate and Foreign
Commerce, and an agreement to that
effect has been made. The most im
portant bill this committee has on hand
is that providing for a Pacific cable
running to Hawaii and to Japan. By
Thursday the postoffice appropriation
will be reported ready to take up in thr>
House and perhaps the military acad
emy bill.
The main interest attaches to the
time when the important bill for the
increaese of the regular army can be
taken up.
HONORS TO THE LATE
CONGRESSMAN DINGLEY
Arrangements for the Public Funeral
To-Day in the House of
Representatives.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.— Final ar
rangements were completed to-day for
the public funeral of the late Repre
sentative Nelson Dingley in the hall
of the House of Representatives and
for the removal of the remains to their
last resting place in Maine. The body
has been inclosed in a casket of plain
black, with silver handles. A silver
plate bears the following inscription:
Nelson Dingley Jr. Born February 15.
1832. Died January 13, 1899."
The body will be taken from the
Hamilton House to the Capitol about
10 o'clock in the morning and placed
in the hall of the House, where the
public funeral services, conducted by
the Rev. S. M. Newman of the Congre
gational Church, assisted by Chaplain
Couden of the House of Representa
tives, are to take place. Subsequently
the remains will be taken to the Penn
sylvania Railroad station and placed
aboard a car attached to the 4:20 o'clock
train for New York. They will be ac
companied by members of the family
now here, the committees of both
houses of Congress and other friends.
The citizens of Lewiston and Auburn,
Me., have expressed to the family their
desire to honor their former fellow
townsman, and on reaching Lewiston
the body will be consigned temporar
ily to the committee of citizens of
those cities. Arrangements have been
made by which it will lie in state in
the City Hall at Lewiston between the
hours of 1 and 5 o'clock in the after
noon. Whether there will be a public
funeral service will depend entirely
nn the wishes of the local committee.
Tuesday evening the remains will be
removed to the Dingley residence in
Lewiston and private services held
there the next morning, after which
they will be deposited in the receiving
vault next to the body of Mr. Ding
ley's father, who died recently.
Evidences of the sympathy for the
family in their bereavement continued
to be received at the Hamilton House
during the day, and a number of pub
lic men called and left their cards.
Both the American and Canadian mem
bers of the Joint High Commission
now in session here sent floral pieces,
and in addition a large number have
been received from persons in private
and public life.
EAGAN COMPLETES HIS
REVISED STATEMENT
Apologizes to the Arm- Board, but
Does Not Retract His Denounce
ment of Miles.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Com
missary General Eagan placed the fin
ishing touches upon his revised state
ment to-day, and he will forward the
document to the War Investigation
Commission to-morrow.
General Eagan will hold himself in
■ readiness to appear before the commis
| sion should he be wanted to explain
any of the matters contained in the
statement. It is confidently expected
j to-night that the President or Secre
i tary of War will formally announce to
morrow that General Eagan will be
court-martialed.
Secretary Alger did not appear at
i the War Department to-day, but Gen
i eral Eagan was in his office most of
' the afternoon. He declined to discuss
I the statement which he was preparing.
' Considerable curiosity is felt as to the
j contents of the letter which will ac-
I company the statement. No doubt is
i expressed that It will contain an apoi
j ogy to the commission for the language
employed in answering the charges of
Major General Miles, but there is lit
tle reason to believe that there will be
a retraction of the epithets applied to
the commanding general of the army.
IMPROVEMENTS AT THE
MARE ISLAND NAVY-YARD
Liberal Appropriation Urged by
White and Perkins Agreed To
by the House Committee.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.— The House
Committee on Naval Affairs has agreed
to incorporate Into the naval appropria
tion bill, about to be reported, the follow-
! ing Items: For the navy yard at Mare
I Island $815,750 for improvements, repairs
j and construction, including $27,000 for the
I quay wall and $100,000 for improving the
| channel and anchorage grounds. For
i buildings and wharf and other improve
i ments at the naval training station at
I Goat Island, $50,000, said Improvements
not to cost more than $100,000.
For naval apprentice training stations
$30,000; for repairs and improvement of
the construction plant nt Mare Island
j $25,000. Among other appropriations car
ried by the hill are $53,500 for the Puget
Bound naval station and $2500 for repairs
1 and Improvement of the construction
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, JANUART 16, 1899.
WAR INQUIRY WILL
NOT BE WHITEWASH
Miles, fJlger, Brooke and Shafter Will
Receive Trjeir Share of Blan)e
in the Report.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15. — The Herald's Washington correspondent sends the follow
ing: President McKinley will have in his possession the full report of the War Commission
within the next ten days. This report, it is asserted, will not be a whitewash of the army ad
ministration. It will be unanimous on all essential points. It will declare that the primary
trouble is due to a lack of proper military organization.
It will show that Secretary Alger was weak, especially in his relations with Major Gen
eral Miles, but it will not find him responsible for camp "horrors." Subordinate officers will
be blamed for conditions which existed with respect to these matters. Major General Miles
will be criticized for his conduct before, during and since the war.
It will show that General Miles was directed by the Secretary to make an inspection
trip of all camps, but that he informed Alger that he was in the habit of making out his own
orders.
It is also stated that the Secretary should never have permitted Miles to go to San
tiago, though an observation of this kind may not be included in the report.
Coming down to the beef controversy, the commission will find that General Miles'
charges were unfounded. No fault will be found with General Shafter, except with respect
to points which he in his testimony admitted. General Brooke will be criticized for condi
tions which existed at Camp Thomas, and the medical department will be blamed for lack of
inspections and failure to carry out proper sanitary regulations.
The report will also show that Congress was responsible for the equipment of soldiers
with black powder, as the ordnance department did not get in time the necessary appropria
tions for smokeless powder.
plant there. Congress will doubtless make
provision for dredging at Point Pinole,
whore improvements are badly needed,
but the appropriation, if obtained, will be
provided in the River and Harbor bill.
Authority for the survey and estimate
will at least be given, which will insure
the ultimate accomplishment of this urg
ent work. These provisions of the ap
propriation bill are identical with the
recommendations of Senators Perkins and
White.
"HELL! NO, NO," SAYS
GENERAL SHAFTER
Emphatic Statement Made When
Asked if He Had Approved
Beef Used in Cuba.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— A San An
tonio, Texas, special to the Herald says:
General Shatter, his family and staff
left to-night for San Francisco. Cap
tain J. H. Shafter and family accom
panied the party and a reunion of the
Shafter family will be held when the
party reaches the Golden Gate. I saw
General Shafter to-day and called his
attention to the statement in the testi
mony of Commissary General Eagan
that he had approved the beef fur
nished the army in Cuba.
"Hell! No, no!" replied the bluff old
general, with emphasis. "How could I
approve beef I never caw? I said the
beef sent to Santiago was all right, and
all the beef I saw at Santiago was good,
but I did not Bee all the beef that was
furnished the army, and it would be
ridiculous for me to express an opinion
about it."
"How about the 190,000 pounds of beef
in the controversy between General
Miles and General Eagan?" was asked.
"I don't know anything about it, and
have never expressed an opinion on the
subject."
"What do you think of General Ea
gan's testimony before the investiga
tion commission?"
"General Eagan's tirade against Gen
eral Miles," replied General Shafter. "is
utterly indefensible. But the contro
versy has taken such a serious turn
that I cannot discuss it further."
RETURNED HOME TO DIE.
Captain Norris Stricken While Talk
ing to Friends.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 13.— Captain
A. Wilson Norrls of Harrisburg, assistant
adjutant general on the staff of General
J. P. S. Gobin, commander of the Third
Brigade, First Division, Second Army
Corps, stationed at Augusta, Ga., died
suddenly this evening at the Harrisburjj
Club. Captain Norris came home last
night on leave to attend the inaugural
ceremonies, and was apparently in good
health until 4 o'clock this afternoon,
when he was taken sick while conversing
with friends. He was a nephew of the
late auditor general, A. W. Norris, was a
vice president of the State League of Re
publican Clubs, and one of the best
known and most popular young men In
the community.
Crew of a Schooner Rescued.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Jan. 15.— The steam
ship City of Maron from Boston brought
into port this evening Captain Kennerly
and the crew, nine men all told, of the
schooner Aloha of Bath, Me., abandoned
Saturday night 200 miles southeast of
Georgetown Light in a sinking condition.
The Aloha loft Fordinandino a week ago
with a cargo of phosphate rock, bound for
New York.
Veteran Attempts Suicide.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 15.— John J.
Kellogg of Washington, lowa, a veteran
of the Civil War, attempted suicide in
Fairmount Park to-day by shooting him
self in the head. He was taken to the
German Hospital in a critical condition.
Despondency caused by ill-health is said
to have prompted the act. He is reported
to have been in this city for several weeks
relative to the settlement of an estate.
Prospect of v Riot.
PORTLAND, Ind., Jan. 15.— Bloodshed
is feared here to-morrow if the Red key
Glass Company, whose employes are on
strike against a reduction in wages, at
tempts to start the factory with men im
ported from Pennsylvania, as the owners
assert they will do. The company has ap
plied to the Sheriff for protection for the
new men, but has been refused.
Transvaal Fighting the Lease.
LONDON, Jan. 15.— The Government of
the Transvaal, says the Pretoria corre
spondent of the Times, has expended
nearly £800.000 since 1594 in trying to in
fluence the European press and European
officials to prevent the leaning of Delagroa
Bay to Great Britain.
Hotel and Sanitarium Burned.
WACO, Tex.. Jan. 15.— The Arlington
Hotel and Sanitarium at Malm Falls
burned to-day. Loss. 160,000; insurance
320,000. There were a number of invalids
in the hotel, all of whom escaped safely.
Boxing Contest at Vacaville.
SVIST'N. Jan. 15.— 1n a boxing contest
at \ acaville last evening Jack Joyce of
Suiflun defeated Ivy March in three
rounds and was awarded a purse of $100
and half of the gate receipts.
Death of a Mining Man.
ANGELS CAMP, Jan. 15.— J. H. Black
hnrt, a well-known figure in mining cir
cles and superintendent of the Harris
mine, died of heart failure to-day. He
leaves a widow and one aon.
HERE TO ENLIST
AMERICAN AID
Arrival of Three Glasgow
Commissioners.
WILL CONFER WITH M'KINLEY
ANXIOUS TO HAT?E OUR MANU
FACTURERS REPRESENTED.
After Their Interview With the
President They Will Visit
Number of the Larger
Cities.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— Three Com
missioners from Glasgow arrived on the
St. Louis to-day to lay before President
McKinley and his Cabinet particulars
regarding the Glasgow Exhibition to be
held in 1901. They are R. Crawford,
Thomas Mason and Michael Simons.
They are former members of the cor
poration of Glasgow, and were appoint
ed Commissioners by the Lord Provost
of that city. They are accompanied by
J. M. Smith, editor of the Glasgow
Evening News. He comes to study
American Journalism.
R. Crawford is the chairman of the
fine arts and archaeology department
of the exhibition; Thomas Mason dep
uty chairman of the building, lights
and grounds department, and Michael
Simons chairman of the musical and
entertainment department.
"We have come over to assure Amer
ican representation at the exhibition,"
said Mr. Crawford. "We wish to ob
tain representation from those hand
ling labor saving machinery and those
engaged in commercial and industrial
enterprises. We believe we will gain
the sympathy if not the active co-op
eration of the United States Govern
ment in the exhibition. The success of
i the affair will be largely due to the
sympathy obtained in this country. It
Is to be held the year after the Paris
Exposition and we are hopeful of hav
ing many of the American exhibits at
the former city sent to Glasgow. They
will be stored at the expense of the
city. We are not assisted by the Gov
ernment of Great Britain, but by the
local authorities. It will be held in
Kelvin Grove, in the city of Glasgow,
from May 1 to October 19, 1901. We have
just completed in this grove a magnifi
cent art gallery and museum at a cost
of over a million dollars. This gallery
will occupy a central position."
The Commissioners will go to Wash
ington Thursday. After visiting the
President they will visit other cities
to meet commercial bodies.
GERMAN IMPORTS
ARE NOW BARRED
Ruling of the Supreme Court on Cot-
ton Velvets a Blow to Euro
pean Manufacturers.
LONDON, Jan. 15.— The Berlin cor
respondent of the Times says: The
Cologne Gazette, commenting upon the
decision of the United States Supreme
Court regarding cotton velvet, says the
rule will, of course, be applied to all
German manufactures, so that it will
be useless in the future for a German
manufacturer to produce his goods in
bond with a view of saving 1 the duty
on raw material. The article con
cludes:
"To put it briefly, imports to America
are forbidden and the export trade ia
destroyed, at least for countries which,
like Germany and France, must Day
considerable duties upon the raw ma
terial they import."
For a country which, like England,
does not impose a duty on raw ma
terial the decision, in the opinion of the
Cologne Gnzotte, cannot be regarded as
bad news, inasmuch, for once, extreme
protection would seem to have done
free trade a Rood turn in the course
of the internecine war of protectionist
countries.
Payment of Ohio Troops.
CLEVELAND, Jan. . 15.-Adjutant Gen
eral Klngsley to-night said a proposition
had been made by the War Department
concerning the payment of the members
of the Fourth Ohio Regiment, which
would settle the controversy. It is pro
posed that if the State will waive its
right to reimbursement for money paid
the troops before they left camp at
c °l ura t.us, the full amount due the
M ler !^ Rom the Government will be
paid. Adjutant General Kingsley said the
proposition would be accepted.
BIMETALLISTS TO
MEET AT LOUISVILLE
Bryan, Williams, Towne, Altgeld
and Jones Will Address the
Convention Next Summer.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Jan. 15.-Judge
James P. Tarvln of Covington, president
of the League of Bimetallic Clubs of the
Ohio Valley, met a local committee of the
Young Men's Democratic Club to-day and
made arrangements for the convention
which the league will hold in Louisville
next summer. This is the first active
work of preparation made toward this
gatheringjof advocates of the white metal
that £1 h a 7 ln f^tfd-to the committee
that he had certainly secured as speak
ers for the occasion William J. Bryan
a nT^L?' cd A Y l llams °. f Massachusetts
™ K C Ki arles £• Town « of Minnesota, also
probably ex-Governor Altgeld of Illinois
ohn!r Senator . J \ X - Jones of Arkansas,
r£™SL °% tne N, ati onal Democratic
Committee. There will also be a number
of prominent speakers of ♦*.«» four Prates
to be represented— Kentucky, Indiana.
Illinois ana Ohio. The executive commit
pm °L th l league will ho.d a session in
Chlcaeo during the- next ten days. At
that meeting further matters pertaining
fti ie^ LIO I^ vnie a, meetlnß: Wlll be definitely
settled. Judge Tarvin states that he ex
pects the convention to bring fully 1200
delegates to Louisville.
FEARS FOR THE SAFETY
OF A YACHTING PARTY
Believed to Have Been Lost During
a Cruise Along the the Gulf
Coast.
PENSACOLA, Fla., Jan. 15.— Dispatches
received here from Chicago and Indianap
olis indicate that great fear is felt for the
safety of the naphtha launch Paul Jones,
hailing from Louisville, which left the
mouth of the Mississippi River January
3 for this port with a party of ladies
and gentleman from Chicago and Indian
apolis on board. Nothing has been heard
here of the launch and the E. E. Simpson
one of the fastest and best tugs belong
ing here, left to-day to make a thorough
search on the gulf. She has not yet re
turned and probably noining definite will
be known before to-morrow or next day
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Jan. 15.— The pleas
ure yacht Paul Jones, mentioned in the
dispatch from Pensacola, left Louisville
in December for a trip along the gulf
coast, via the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers
She carried as passengers Colonel Carev
Yocum and daughter of St. Louis Miss
Woodland of Chicago, Miss Taggart of In
dianapolis, daughter of Mayor Taggart
and a crew of four men. It was the inten
tion of Colonel Yocum to visit the vari
ous winter resorts along the gulf coast
It was learned to-night that Louisville
people had received intelligence of the
yacht passing out of the Mississippi on
January 3. Nothing more has been heard
from her since then, and grave fears are
entertained for the party's safety.
NEVADA SENATORSHIP
IN A BAD MUDDLE
Both Stewart and Newlands Clatin
They Will Carry Off the
Prize.
CARSON, Nev.. Jan. 15.— T0-day has
hern a busy one for both factions in the
Senatorial fight. A caucus was called for
2 p. m., but not enough were present to
organize for either side. Democrats, Re
publicans and Silver members will hold
separate caucuses to-night at 8 o'clock
Stewart claims 17 votes in the Assembly
and 8 in the Senate. This afternoon it was
rumored that a Newlands man will be
chosen Speaker. Several members ar
rived to-night, but nothing definite can
be determined until the caucus.
FATAL COLLISION.
A Freight Train at Butte Crashes
Into a Switch Engine.
lU'TTE, Mont.. Jan. 15.— A train of
empty cars on the Oregon Short Line,
while leaving Butte this morning, ran into
an open swith near the city and crashed
into a switch engine. Both engines and a
number of cars were wrecked. Conductor
Joseph Grant of the freight was thrown
under the wreck and will die. Fireman
Dowling was injured.
STRICKEN BY APOPLEXY.
Death of Mrs. A. A. Wetherill, a
Wealthy Widow of Salinas.
SALINAS, Jan. 15.— Mrs. A. A. Weth
erill, one of the wealthiest and most high
ly respected ladies of this town, died at
6 o'clock this evening of apoplexy. De
ceased was a widow, and leaves' a son
who is a student at Stanford University
Accidentally Shot His Friend.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. X.— To-day L
Churchill and T. Plum were hunting quail
nt Big Creek, when the former went in
some bushes and Plum thought some quail
were there. He fired, the shot taking ef
fect In Churchill's face. The wound ia
not serious.
Perished in a Blizzard.
BAKER CITY. Or., Jan. IS.— TIM body
of James Fain, a prominent mine-owner
of this place, was found last night in a
snow bank near the Ibex mine. He was
overtaken by a blizzard in the mountains
and perished.
SAD SUICIDE OF
MISS ANNA SCHLEY
Second Cousin of tl}e Rear Ad
miral Could Not Survive h\er
Father's Death.
BALTIMORE, Jan. 15.— Miss Anna Mary Hoeke Schley, 25 years
old, daughter of the late William Louis Schley, poet, lawyer and
veteran of two wars, and second cousin of Rear Admiral Schley, com
mitted suicide to-day in her home, 717 West Saratoga street. Since
the death of her father, to whom she was much attached. Just a
month to-day. Miss Schley had been inconsolable. A week since her
mental condition became alarming to her friends and attendants
were almost constantly at her bedside. This afternoon her sister, who
had been chatting with her, went below stairs for a few moments,
and when she returned found Miss Schley lying on her bed with a
bullet hole in her left breast.' She had shot herself through the heart
with one of her father's revolvers. Two letters which she had writ
ten to friends indicate that she was laboring under the hallucina
tion that she and her family were being pursued by some phantom.
LONG TERMS FOR
ALASKA OUTLAWS
Punishment of "Soapy"
Smith's Gang.
LAW AND ORDER ESTABLISHED
GOOD WORK DONE BY THE NEW
ATTORNEY GENERAL.
R. A. Friedrich Secures Nearly Two
Hundred Convictions of Per-
eons Charged With All
Kinds of Crime.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Jan. 9.— The Uni
ted States Court for the district of
Alaska has about completed its No
vember term. One of the mockeries
of semi-annual justice in Alaska is
that as soon as the Government appro
priation for the expenses of the court
is exhausted all proceedings must stop,
whether the docket, criminal or civil,
is cleared or not. This time the calen
dar is fairly well cleared, though a
number of cases will go over to the
next term.
General Robert A. Frledrich of San
Francisco, formerly president of the
Union League Club and well known in
California, now attorney of the United
States for Alaska, has tried and dis
posed of nearly 200 cases of all kinds
|on the criminal docket. He nas se-
I cured convictions in all but two or
three instances, and the record of the
court in this particular has greatly
strengthened the feeling of confidence
here an,d abroad that Alaska laws
will be enforced and life and property
protected.
This is particularly true with refer
ence to what are known as the
"Soapy Smith" cases. Wilder, who
went down to the wharf meeting armed
and made a demonstration against
Reid, whom "Soapy" shot, and Jack
son, another bad man with a gun, got
seven and ten years respectively. Ed
ward Fay, who shot and killed An
drew McGrath and United States Dep
uty Marshal Rowan in the Skaguay
Opera House in January last, gets
eight years in San Quentin. All these
men are now on their way to San
Quentin under a strong guard aboard
ship. W. E. Foster, Van B. Triplet and
John Bowers, who assisted in the rob
bing of Klondiker J. D. Stewart of
158 ounces of gold dust and nuggets in
"Soapy" Smith's saloon, which re
sulted in the indip-nation meeting and
the killing of Smith, were convicted
and sentenced to one year each in the
Sitka Jail, Foster also to pay a $1000
fine, which he cannot do, and must
serve it out. A hard fight was made
in all these cases by the defense.
With these convictions of a very bad
element, which came to Skaguay dur
ing the rush and practically con
trolled the town for months, capital,
which was previously timid, now feels
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Lame Back, Weak Kidneys, Rheumatism,
WEAK NERVES, NERVOUS DEBILITY,
AND MAKES MANHOOD COMPLETE.
It Is a Perfect Body Battery, as Perfect as Science and
Mechanical Skill Can Make It. The Current Can
Be Made Strong or Mild at Will.
It Is a nerve tonic, an invigorant. It carries vital energy Into the system
and builds up the nerves. * * a
, If you want to be strong, vigorous and energetic; if your system is de-
pleted and your nerves shaky; if you need the toning and lnvlEoratintr ef-
fects of a stimulant without Its evil after effects, get ' invigorating el-
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
and womanhood. Tt you have any doubt as to whether electricity woukl
benefit you, consult Dr.^Sanden. He will tell you candidly whether his Belt
will help you. He can be consulted free, either by mail or at the office His
booklet, "Three Classes of Men." is a valuable treatise for 'Wk fmen It I
sent free to all who- write. Remember Dr. Sanden charges only for the Bel?
His advice is free. Call or write him if you are weak? Address me Belt.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin *— — —
702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, Ban rr»noiso». . * ROT IN DRUG STORR
Office hours, Ba.m.toB p. m. Sundays. 10 ." : — - OIUn " t
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Col., 232 West Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
street Denver °ro n" d> ™° r s, 253 Bhin^° never B olS " E dr£ C store'e
Dallas Tex fa Ml 9 31 Sixteenth street; nor by traveling agenU; only
UONort^Maln^trei?. 111 "^ BU " e ' M ° nt " »at our office. 
encouraged, and public confidence is
restored.
United States District Attorney
Friedrich said: "So far, I am pleased
with Alaska. The conditions, physical
and otherwise, are much better than I
expected to find. The enforcement of
law and order means a good deal for
Alaska. I know of capital seeking In
vestment here which was timid till' it
was seen whether the officials and
courts were going to enforce the law.
If you are going to say anything about
me you may tell my friends that I
expect to make California a visit in
April or May."
NO CHANCE FOR ALIENS.
Their Exclusion From British Co-
lumbia Mines Seems Assured.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 15.-An Asso
ciated Press reporter was assured to
night by the Lieutenant Governor and
members of the Government that no let
ter had been received by the British Co
lumbian Government from Lord Herscnell
opposing the bill to exclude aliens from
the Atlin and otlier placer mines. Inter&st
in the biJl is increasing here, many mer
chants believing that the passage of the
bill will be a deathblow to the outfitting
trade they expected to do. The amcrl
ments proposed so far are likely to make
the provisions of the bill more stringent.
There is quite a strong feeling that it
should be made to apply to quartz min
ing, a feeling, howeves, which is not
shared by some of the members from tho
Rossland and Slocan districts.
A Self -Propelling Soat.
In the Christmas number of Pearson's
some interesting particulars are furnished
by Mr. Herbert C. Fyfe of a craft that
propels itself, and tn which the inventor,
Mr. Linden of the Zoological Station at
Naples, has given the designation of the
Autonaut. Without the help of engines or
Hteam or electricity or "man power 1 ' this
curious vessel makes headway against
wind and wave at a speed, it seem,
from three to four miles an hour. Singu
lar enough, too, the rougher the sea the
faster she moves, the explanation being
that she is propelled by ttte action of the
waves. The secret of her propulsion lies
in a couple of pieces of apparatus, not un
like gridirons, fixed, one at the bow and
the other at the stern, about level with
the keel. These strips of steel are what
the ingenious Inventor calls "feathering
fins," and it is stated that he was led to
his discovery by closely observing the
motion of fish's flns. especially tne
dolphin's tail. In the case of the Auto
naut, these so-called "fins" are moved by
the waves in one ilirection, and rebound
back of their own elasticity. Hence, it is
explained, no engines are required to
propel the strange craft.— London Tele
graph.
Egyptian Moralities.
Here are some extracts from the advice
that Ani, an Egyptian scribe, gave his
son in the thirteenth century before
Christ:
"If a man cometh to thee for counsel let
this drive thee to books for information."
"Consider what hath been; set before
thee a correct rule of life as an example
to follow. The messenger of death will
come to thee as to all others to carry
thee away; yea, he standeth ready."
"Take heed with all diligence that thou
woundest no man with thy words."
"The man who, having received much,
glveth little, is as one who committeth
an injury."
"Whosoever sneaketh evil receiveth no
good."
"When thou hast arrived at years of
maturity and art married and hast a
house, forget never the pains which thou
hast cost thy mother, nor the care which
she hath bestowed upon thee. Never give
her cause to complain of thee, lest she
lift up her hands to God in heaven, and
He listen to her complaint."
"Be watchful to keep silence."— The
Westminster Review.
Force of Habit.
Stylus— Women are all right In their
way, but I don't think they ought to go
into the nows-'iipiT business.
Perm— And why not. pray?
Stylus— Well, you know, I've been sort
o' sweet on Miss Tnqupll. The other even
ing I ventured to ask her if she loved
me, and when sk<a ask*»d me if I was
inquiring for publication I couldn't say
another word.— Boston Transcript.IT WAS THE
TALENTS DAY
AT INGLESIDE
Only Four Shortend
ers Upset Them.
JENNIE WILSON THE WINNER
SHE CAPTUKED ALL OP HER
COURSES WITH EASE.
Cavalier and Mountain Beauty Put
Out by Tullamore and Quick
stitch, *ho Carried
Little Money.
The rain and generally inclement
weather had the effect of keeping down
the crowd at Ingleside yesterday, but
despite this fact a fair representation of
the talent was present and the books en
joyed a large play. The wise ones came
home with the coin. Only about four j
6hort-enders upset their calculations, and j
In none of the cases were they hurt to any
extent except In the course between
Florence N. and Red Cloud In the first j
round, when the latter was Bent to the ■
ha,re with 7 to 1 laid against her. The !
roan dog surprised his own backers by j
making It a "no-go," and in the next
course the talent had so little faith In his
to repeat that 6 to 1 was easily ob
is against him. After the longest
c of the day, for the hare kept the
dog? going for over four and a half min
utes. Red Cloud won by a score of
20.
The final stake went to Jennie Wilson.
The fawn bitch was in perfect form and
ran as true and sure as any one could
She took all of her courses with
-reatest tase. and when in the final
met Lady Herchel there was only
:ing to it. Jennie Wilson won by the.
of S to 1 in a very short course.
Her was put out in the third round
H 6 to 1 while in the very
ur.tain Beauty, the favor
ite, met defeat at the hands of Quiek
"VYlth these two exceptions the
ran well to form. The hares were
up to the usually high standard of
. al though several of them made
their escape. The following are the
y rounds:
First round— : McGrath's Martyr beat F.
Murphy's Lady Grace; D. Fard's Bonlto beat
F. Moran's Flying Faster; Handy & Smith's
Jenny Wilson beat Connell Brothers' Senorlta;
F. Mack's Jesse Moore beat Joe Perry's Fe
dora; J. Farley's Tullamore beat James
"Byrnes' Nelly: Captain Clarkson'e Conqueror
beat A. Fannlng'.~ Babe Murphy; F. Moran's
Snapshot beat G. Smart's Pilkwood; Curtis &
Son's Cavalier beat Black Hawk (In place of
H. A. Deckolman's Rocklln Belle); Lowe &
Thompson's istitch beat W. Glasson's Joy
Bells; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat D. Hoop
er's Prince of Fashion; Lord & Herbs' Re
; volver b^at E. M. Kf-llotrif's Lady Gilmore;
■A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty beat Dennis &
Porter's Interesting: Kay & T rant's Sylvia
beat James T. O'Brien':? Statesman; Russell &
Wilson's La ly Herschel -at D. Healy's
Matchless: T. F. Logan's Miss Grizzle beat
M. Allen's Miss Alice; Connell Brothers' Log
Boy beat Commodore Nash; Kay & T rant's
' Diana beat J. Jones' Gallvant; Hurley &
Rellly's O X Capital beat Larkey & Rock's
Van Ne»da: G. Lahussen's Preclta Girl beat
W. Glasson's Sylvanus; Shewman's Red Cloud
beat T. Hall's Florence.
Second round— Bonita beat Martyr; Jennie
■Wilson beat Jessie Moore; Tullamore beat Con
queror: Cavalier beat Snapshot; Qulckstltch
beat Tod Sloan; Mountain Beauty beat Revol
ver; Lady Herschel beat Slyvia; Miss Grizzle
beat Log; Boy; O. K. Capital beat Diana; Pre
clta beat «ed Clcud.
Third round— Jennie "Wilson beat Bonita; Tut
lamore bat Cavalier; Qulckstitch beat Mountain
lieauty; Lady Herschel beat Miss Grizzle; O.
K. Carital beat Preclta.
'Fourth round— Jennie Wilson beat Tullamore;
Lady Herschel beat Qu'.ckstltch; O. K. Capi
tal ran a bye with Black Hawk; Jennie Wil
son b^at O. K. Capital; Lady Herschel ran a
bye with Glen Rosa.
. Final— Wilson beat Lady Herschel.
AT UNION PARK.
Beauty Spot, Short End on the Final,
Won the Stake.
. The following were the results at Union
•'sterday:
:er beat Minneapolis;
of Erin beat Llghtfoot; Victor Queen
■ anvleiarla beat Mercy
ot beat Green Valley Maid:
Glen Chloe beat
Rm . Liberty Bell beat Prince
Friend beat "White Chief;
antine beat Right Bower; Crawford
• P.raes beat Left Bower; Susie beat
a; Faise Flatterer beat Morning Giory;
bontaa; Koolawn beat
.•Rosebud; Golden Ru«?rt beat Van i
: — Maid of Krin beat
:. beat Cande-
Jaria; Beauty Spot beat Gladiator; tS\en
■ Liberty Bell; Firm Friend beat
i:raes; Cross-
False Flatterer. Kuolawn beat
-pet.
'tor Queen boat Maid of Erin;
• b^at Cilen Chloe; Susie beat
-spatch beat il^olawn.
Victor
F i n.il— Beauty B]
■aid of the Hlil beat Thesby;
• Rnatan; Santiago beat Pyra
• t.oat Santa Ana; Lady
at Arrival; St. Elmo bcai
Wlnninu La
Pccond round— Maid of the Hill beat Shylock
:. king Airs beat Santiago; Lady
Marlon beat St. Elmo.
Third ruund-Mald of the Hill beat Rollick
irfi; A ' irion ran a bye.
i.—M aid of the Hill beat Lady Marion.
Stockton Coursing.
BTOCKTON, Jan. 15.— The results of
the coursing at (.Joodwater Grove to-day
■u'as:
Run downs— Jim Bell heat Butcher Boy; Tip
Hed Chief: Tom Cy beat Roger S; Black
Jack ') ' r; Traversia beat Ruth Ash
[ald boat. Lu.-iy Hearst; Duke
• Lilly I»: Bwiftwater Hill beat
beat Harkaway; Ruby
■ W; Tipper* eai Don Jose;
' Klnley beat
•
Jim !'•■ H; Black Jack
Uenlo MnM b.-at Traverala;
,• Swlftwatw Bill; Pacific
(jue»> r Tipperary Lass;
.
. Jack; Duke Oak
boat Pacific
Quf-cn', Swinnerton ran a bye.
T|j ; • Duke Oakgrove; Swin-
nertnn boat Reno.
Final— Swtnnerl on beat Tip.
••_• . Swlnnrrtun, first money; Tip, second; Reno,'
tljir'l; iMikr Oakgrrove, fourth; Pacific Queen,
fifih; iltnlow Maid, sixth; Black Jack, NT
'•* .-enth.
: ' .Joe Adams has bought Tipperary Lass.
Fleetfoot Won.
■"■ ;i;i,i:s. J;m. 15.— The coursing:
as was ever seen j
Pieetfoot won I m I
with Maloch m
■ .. ■ . ■ ba nee divided,
drawn and the
roin -tiirt to finish.
NO RACE ON THE CREEK.
Yesterday's Rain Caused Postpone
ment of the Oakland Navy-
Regatta.
fThe first of. the scries of races of the
Oakland Navy, and the earliest sailing
regatta of ISO 9, was to have taken place
.yesterday on the San Antonio Estuary
j- over a srven-mile course. A few members
■' ' .were down at the quarters of the Oakland
• .-Canoe Club on Sessions Basin and
:'..-'• -Vent [out for a sail, but it was
"." Sided to postpone the races until
'■;••;. a ; more favorable day. The fol
•. ' '-lowing owners and their craft were on
.:•. -ivinil prepared to take part in the ex
.. '.jicctcd regatta: G. C. Lemcke of the sloop
. • /Xiroette, L. S. Shorman of the sloop
■ . Royal, Clyde D. Carman of the canoe
• fiSPsy- H. S. Byxbee of the canoe Whim,
.'■ii..O. Williamson of the canoe Copia, and
• ; "H. G. Hinckley of the sloop Surprise. The
."••'" elqop Ninette is a new boat, about sixteen
: foet on the water line and with a consid
' '•c-rable cut away to bow and stern; her
.Hock Js flush, nd ehe looks like a racer.
'-. -She" was built by her owner in the yard
KEEP WARM AND DRY THAT
YOU MAY ESCAPE LA GRIPPE
LA. GRTPPE, San Francisco's old house
hold epidemic, dubbed the "lightning
catarrh." is still making its new
year calls. As a traveler it is appro
priately named. Once a year those
dumb-bell shaped microbes become
weary of their quiet home life on the
cheerless steppes of Southern Turkistan
or Bokhara and start on a journey. Their
first destination is St. Petersburg. The
trip over the wintry Russian plains
among the sneezing Cossacks, huddled
around their weak tea urns, is delightful
to la grippe, and the rain and snow of the
Romanoff capital provides a climatic con
dition most welcome to the tourists. Then
they move on to Paris, take a stop-over in
London and land in New York with the
damp December weather. The emigrants
travel up and down the Atlantic coast
and a portion of the horde comes west
ward to Oakland and San Francisco.
of the San Francisco Launch Co., and
was sailed over to the Oakland Creek one
day last week. Xo date has been set for
the postponed race, but it will probably
take place either on Sunday, January 22,
or on Sunday, January 29,
RACING AT INGLESIDE.
A Well-Filled Card of Events to Be
Decided This Afternoon.
The card at Ingleside this afternoon is
'. one of the best offered race goers during
i the present meeting, the different events
1 all being fairly well filled. The entries are
i as follows:
First race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
' up; selling:
468 Cyril 106! 489 Lord Marmlon..lo9
006 Sweet William. .ll7 (501) Don't Skip Me. .117
I 511 Pat Murphy ....119 (499)Flushington ....111
Second race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds;
! selling:
504 The Fretter ....112 616 Doremus 112 i
4SI Peach Blossom.. lU7! 504 Bane wo r 107 i
60S Yaruba 109 167 Sir Urian 103
I ... Ach 11l |
Third race— One mile; selling; three-year-olds
and up:
514 Lady Hurst 10« CM) Lodestar 11l j
500 Rainier 8S 603 Myth 106 ,
<520)T0m Cromwell. .lll! 521 Robert Bonner..lo6 j
Ed* Jerry Hunt B8 519 Ballista 102
; 502 Hardly 106!
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; selling; four
, year-olds and up:
CO7 Captive 110! SIS Elldad 107
EO6 .i lv Britannic. 102' 511 Zorrazzo 110 ;
i 496 Lena 105 516 Prince Tyrant. .lo7 '
| 613 Wyoming 107 ."14 Potent* 104 |
! Fifth race— Six furlongs; selling; three-year- j
j olds and up: '
i ... Two Cheers ....1191 411 Cherrystone ....122
504 Alhaja 691 615 Glengaber 104 !
i 520 Simmons U9| 510 Felicite 93
463 Grandezia 1171 520 Henry C 119
510 Beau Monde 119' 5J2 Col. Bartlett.. ..11G.
.. Ld. Chesterfleld.ll3. ...•Ramlro 122
509 Don Fulano ....1221
I Sixth race — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds j
I and up:
1 SIS Topmast 114;(521)Imperious IOS
456 San Venado ....114 501 Navla 103
&2I Darechota 99 499 Eppinger 104 :
515 None Such ... 1011
Selections for To-Day. ; / ;
First race— Don't Skip Me, Lord Marmlon. j
i Cyril.
Second race— Ach, The Fretter, Doremus.
Third race— Hardly, Tom Cromwell, Lady j
Hurst.
Fourth Prince Tyrant, Elldad, Wyo- !
ming.
Fifth race— Fulano. Simmons, Colonel \
; Bartlett.
Sixth race— lmperious.^ San Venado, Topmast.
CONCERT AT ST. DC-MINnCS.
Rendition of Specially Arranged
Music Under the Direction of
Rhys Thomas.
The initial concert of a serieg that will
be rendered on the third Sunday of each
month was presented last evening at St.
Dominic's Church under the direction of
Rhys Thomas. The programme as ren
dered is as follows:
Anthem, "Ring Out. Wild Bells" (Chopin),
choir; solo. "He Was Despised 1 " (Handel), ifiss
Grace de Forrest; solo, "Rlenzl's Prayer"
(Wagner), Rhys Thomas; solo, "Rejoice
Greatly" (Handel). Miss Lena Gore; anthem,
•'Thanks Be to God" (Mendelssohn), choir;
organ solo. Ist Sonata (Guilraam), James
Hamilton Howe.
1898 Custom House Statistics.
Show importations in IR*G of 56.R55 cases
O. U. MUMM'S EXTRA b-tY, f.2,649 more
than any other brand. Made of choicest
grapes and first pressings. Bottles will
bear green neckband and star label. •
An Albino Rabbit
The capture of a white mule-pared rab- i
bit by a party of boys coursing: near
China Springs is something new in this ;
region. The rabbit had been seen once |
before by a cattleman. The boys put j
their hounds Into the pasture and had a
fine chase, catching the rabbit after a !
run of two miles. He was brought to |
Waco and mounted, anu will appear a
the next Dallas fair. The rabbit is snow
white all over, has ears of the regulation
length and was a fine runner.— Dallas
(Texas) News.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1899.
City Doctors Agree on the Treatment of the
Tourist Microbes From TmUstia
Nothing Will Kill the Pesky Bacilli, Say
the Wise Men of Medicine, but
They May Be Preiented
From Becoming Too
Affectionate.
After a while the travelers go back home
to Turkistan.
During the past weeks of cold weather
the epidemic of grip has Increased to a
great extent in this city. That it is con
tagious is evident from the fact that in
many instances members of a family have
been attacked by the diease successively.
The form of the epidemic shows no change
from that of its first appearance here. It
is the same old grip, from which there is
no escape nor preventive.
Dr. J. M. Wiliamson of the Board of
Health says there is no specific treatment
for la grippe. Just treat the patient. Keep
warm, overcome the depression of the
patient and work on whatever symptoms
appear. While nothing can check the
progress of the bacilli of grip, a proper
care as to clothing:, diet and temperature
will go far toward helping a person to
escape. There Is hardly any danger of
THE SCHUETZEN
PARK SHOOTERS
HANDICAPPED
Cloudy Skies Caused
Poor Scores.
SEVERAL CLUB SHOOTS HELD
i
RECORDS OF VICTORS AND VAN
QUISHED.
The Great Free-for-All Shoot of the
California Club to Be Held on
January — Valuable
Prizes.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 15.— The shooting
stands at Schuetzen Park were crowded
with riflemen yesterday, three of the
j clubs holding monthly contests. The Cali-
I fornia Schuetzen Club and the San Fran-
J cisco Turner Schuetzen held bullseye
j shoots and the Verein Elntracht Schuet-
I zen Section a medal contest. The sky
: was leaden colored and the light on the
i targets bad, a combination which resulted
j in the scores falling below par.
| R. Langer distinguished himself by wln
: ring first prize in the bullseye contest of
j the California Schuetzen Club, making
the good score of 238 points. Punctures In
; the target were made by the members of
i this club In the following order:
R. Langer, 235; F. K. Mason, 366; F A.
--; Schrumpf, ,",S7; J. C. Waller, 420; C. J. Wal-
I den. 574; J. Utchig St., 644; A. Hampet, tit;
; A. Jungblut. 673; A. Breuss, 693; J. Jones
M 7; <>. Hurmelster, 873; A. Gehret. 907; J.
Wolimer, 340; A. Htreoker, 961; J. Tanmayer.
193; L. Reubold, i 049; P. Brunotti, 1&75; D. B.
Faktor, 1120; A. Bartelnon. 115S; F. A. Kuhls
JT. Utschig Jr., 1186: F. Attingor, 1321;
F. Schumann, 1554: R. Finking 1584; A. Rah
wyler, 1837; R. BtelUn, 2097; Phllo Jacoby,
21G6; Charles Saßehorn, Z3s4; Joseph Straub
I 2571; M. Reubold, 2963.
' Cadets' class— E. Woerner, 1729; J. Xull
; mann, 2200; J. Pollock, 2900.
In the Verein Eintracht medal class I
i shoot R, Stettin came out first with a
! score of 3%. In detail the scores of the I
riflemen in this contest were as follows:
' Champion class— R. Stettin, 398; first class,
C. Sufhmedt. 3SO; pecond class, P.. Spahr
' 326; third clasp, C. Quer. 204; best lirst shot
R. Pu-ttln, 23; best last shot. C. Suehrstedt, 23.
• attain F. Attinger won first place in
! the Turner bullseye shoot, scoring ~A2
points, while Fred Krueckel took first
prize In the drum corps shoot of the same
! organization. Following was the complete
! score:
Captain F. Attinger, 642; Lieutenant J
Straut, 732; John I'tschig, Sr., 594; O. Tan
meyer, 1069; J. Gassner, 1104; R. Finking. 1136;
R. Langer, 1431; Charles Sagehorn, 1996; O.
Burmeieter, 20?,4; Philo Jacoby, 2740; Lieuten
; ant F. Kounner. 2f65.
Drum corps— Frc! Krueckel, 653; B. Jonas
I 1443; W. Straut. 1500.
i On Sunday, the 29th inst., the California
; Schuetzen Club will hold Its great free-
I for-all shoot, at which twenty unincum
: bered shares of the California Schuetzen
' Club Park and Building Asotiatlon, do
! nated by James L. Flood and valued at
5250, will be distributed to lucky marks
j men under the direction of President
| Philo Jacoby. The prizes are to be dis
tributed by alternate shots at the ring
; and the bullseye targets. The first prize
of three shares will go to the rifleman
making the best three shots on the ring
■ target, two shares will he awarded for
the best center on the bullseye, two for
second best on ring and bullseye respec
tively, and so on In succession, the re
mainder of the fifteen Drizes groins: on©
fatality from grip. Th« doctor imagines
the statement of a physician in Oakland
that sulphur in one's shoes was a pre
ventive for the disease to be only a joke.
Dr. H. D. Robertson says: "Keep dry,
keep warm, keep sober, and you may es
cape grip. If you get sick get the right t
kind of treatment. It is better to do noth
ing than to do the wrong thing."
Dr. T. I. James says the disease is con
tagious and has been on the increase, but
will decrease as the weather gets warmer.
Keep away from colds. Dress warmly and j
shun sudden change of temperature, j
There is no germicide for the grip mi
crobe. Dr. R. E. Bunker holds that the
epidemic is rapidly decreasing. The re
cent rain has cleared the atmosphere and
the warm weather will do the rest. Grip
is never fatal of itself. Dr. G. W. Davis
says there is no reason for fear, for there
are no more cases now than are usually
reported at this time of year.
I share each for the scores following in
I proper order. Ten other prizes will be
! awarded and by suggestion of President
Jacoby, members of the press will have
an opportunity of winning a stylish tile.
_
j ST: FRANCIS SUNDAY-SCHOOL.
Pupils Kewarded for Attendance and
Proficiency During the Past Year.
Six hundred pupils with their teachers,
the Sisters of the Holy Family, together
With Fathers Caraher and Giles, made
a happy gathering in the basement of St.
Francis Church on Vallejo street yester- i
day afternoon.
The occasion which brought clergy
teachers and pupils together was the an
nual distribution of prizes to such of the
children as had earned special recogni
tion by their attendance and proficiency
in their respective classes during the past
year.
Three prizes were given in each class in
the order in which the children are
named:
Sister M. Martha — Martin Donovan Robert
Power, Alfred Hannon.
Miss M. JJuane— John Kilcommon, John Bel
lando, Frank Arjo.
MIM If. Guedet— l^awrence Llckel, Walter
liUiinf, Loull Weiss.
Mrs. Meagher— John Adams, Georgs Johnson,
Churlee Chase.
Mrs. Kennedy— Charles Bulotti, Emile Aga
ton, Alexander Ag&ton.
Miss K. Rooney— Henry Sanders, Henry Lude
niaii, Walter Glover.
Miaa N. Ryar»— Frank McAuliffe, Eddie
Freese, John Gorman.
Miss Foley— Joseph Maohe. Leland Coogan,
George Prendeble iind .1 «eph Karia
Miss M. Foley— Michael McMahon, Peter
Bright ami Anson St. Ainant.
Mips H. Kooney— Joseph Steffen, Berkery
Ferguson and Howard Schage.
Bister Evangelist— Andrew Freese, William
Ryan and William Klatt.
Miss B. Duane— Thomas O'Connell, William
Stukz and Carl Renner.
Sister M. Francis — Lizzie 'Remy, Katie
Meade and Mary Clancy.
Miss Campbell— Henrietta Thell, Mamie
O'Kell an.l Florence t?chage.
Miss; Gaines— Josie McCarthy, Josie Bellanrlo
Jin ! Llszle K-i!!y.
Mlai K. McLahe— Katie Cashln, Mamie Sllva
ami Maggie Hussion.
Miss Boylan— Leona Thell, Katie Ledwlch
and Hessie Christensen.
Miss Sllverla— Loretta Quaresma, Lillian
Slckel and Josie Roach.
Mi?s V. Kennedy— Rosle Rufflno, Grace Soh
and Belle Bering.
lilm Ryder— Mary Adame, Annie Willlama
and Ellen Ferrlck.
Mlsg Keleher— Louise Ratto, Emma Gean
g-ault and Anita Oleason.
Miss SUva— Emily Zabaldano, Georgiana Mc-
Curdy and Rose Willlff.
Btisa Mallon— Annie Mache, Gertrude Meyer
and Maud Sllcommon.
MIM K. Campbell— Mary Peterzon, Rose
Weiss and Mabel Chase.
Kin Donglan— May Fitzgerald, Nellie Eager,
Mabel McAullffe and Bolla Jones (equal).
Miss Van Edsinga— Mabel Peterzon, Ethel
Schage and Hazel Gels.
MIM Sippf-rt— Margaret Counahan, May Gaff
ncy and Helen <"hase.
Miss McLane— Mary Speige, Stella Hynes
and Irene Slppert.
M a McGirney— Mary Pluth.
As soon as the prize winners had re
ceived their gifts, the remaining children
wero marshaled in line and each one was
lTPHinted with a little token of remem
brance.
The following children constituting the
junior classes received their prizes on the
Sunday preceeding:
Miss Bowen— Millie Black, Florence Duddy
and Tesule Bchwengel.
Miss St. Amant— Catherine Counahan, Agnes
Connors and Madeline Hamon.
IfiM Sternot— Mamie Mclntyre, Ella Mc-
Intyre and Agnes Crofton.
Miss Green— Mabel Brcdhoff, May Alcher and
Lottie Murphy.
Mlfs A. Ppeck— Mary Begley. Annie San
ders and Slary McKenna.
Miss Melre— Theresa Ratto, Madeline <Ie Mar
tini, Mary Sanburk.
Miss Power— Hazel Bering, Katherlne Helter
nan. Agnes Johnson.
Miss L. Speck— Louisa Ba2zinl, Dolores Ryan,
Gertrude Engelke.
Sister Bernadette— Mabel McCollough, Abble
Bakkirk. Mattis Burke.
Mies Eva Duanp— Richard McAvoy, Carl Stef
fen, James Atkins.
Miss Delahanty— Leo St. Amant, Joseph Coo
gan. George Mascot.
M. ~ Manning -Emmet Dunn, Joseph Dore
thy, Corn McAullffe.
iliss Rlley— George Duddy, Eugene Anreguy,
Jomes Shea.
MBa Deltz— George Myles, Antone Bright,
Louis Baccola.
Miss Carrie Rose— Henn* Fields, Louis Sulli
van, George Lahoy.
Mlfss Ina Collins— John Brown, Manuel Fj-ey,
Thomas Stofer.
Miss Thell— Thomas Rooney, Elmer McAvoy,
Dnvld Ropklo.
Sister Phllomene— Willie Cansdale. Walter
Cansrtale. Thomas Spellman.
Mls3 Ryan— Marguerite O'Hallernan, Julia
Donigan, Madeline Baxter.
Within a stone's throw of the head-
quarters of the Royal Horse Artillery, City
road. London, stands "Wesley's chapel and
the house he lived in. Immediately behind
the chapel is the grave, with a simple
but substantial monument of the great
founder of the Wesleyan church, which
now has it branches among all English
speaking peoples throughout the world.
Frost has a variety of effects upon dif
ferent products. Under the same influ
ence eggs'will burst, apples contract and
potatoes turn black.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 15, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall In last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.43 15.88 16.71
Bed Bluff 0.52 12.47 6.52
Sacramento 0.52 7.77 6.16
San Francisco 0.29 7.67 5.00
Fresno 0.10 3.68 2.24
San Luis Oblspo 0.08 6.92 2.40
Los Angeles 0.00 2.88 3.77
San Diego 0.00 3.41 2.94
Yuma 0.00 1.83 1.02
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
56; minimum, 48: mean, 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure is highest in Arizona, with a
second area of high pressure off the Southern
California coast. It is rising rapidly over
Western Oregon and Western Washington.
The weather is cloudy over the Pacific slope
from San Francisco northward, and rain is
falling at many stations. The rainfall has
been general from Fresno and San Luis Ob
ispo northward and eastward to the Rocky
Mountains.
The temperature has risen from 8 to 10 de
grees in Northern California and rain has
fallen above the snow line in the mountains.
This has caused the Sacramento River to rise
rapidly in the upper portion of the Sacramento
Valley. The weather will probably be much
cooler Monday night, which will prevent much
further rise in the river.
Conditions are favorable for cloudy but clear-
Ing weather in California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending January 16, 1599:
Northern California— Cloudy, with showers to
night and Monday morning, clearing Monday;
fresh west wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada^-Cloudy Monday, with scattering
snows in the mountains.
Utah— Cloudy Monday, with scattering snows
In north portion.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, with
showers Monday morning: clearing wind dur
ing the day; fresh west wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpais— Rain; wind
southwest, 24 miles; temperature, 46: maxi
mum temperature, 46. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
THE C AIX'S CALENDAR.
January, 1899.
i
I
11
18
T
14
31
35
Mooa'» Phases
.jo-Last Quarter
"it January 1.
fC\ KewMooo.
W January 11.
-jk First Quarter,
9 January 18.
p. Full Moon,
Viz January 26.
IT
IT
11
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco Tor the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cat.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, tf any. is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetio Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide 19 Uie same at both places.
MONDAY, JANUARY 16.
Sun rlFes 7 :J4
BUB sets 5:16
ICoon sets 11:11
i
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
HWL,W H W L W
Ft.
Ft.
»H
12 -
18 ...
n >v Li w i n n ijj >t i i
3:0« 5.6 9:01 1.7 3:001 4.7 9:03 0.9
3:51* 6.6 10:11 1.4 4:12; 4.3 9:51 1.5
i X 5.7 11:22 1.0 5:32 ; 3.9 10:42 2.1
6:29 5.S 12:30 0.6 : 7:04 3.8 11:39 1.5
6:20 5.8 1:32 0.2 8:25 4.0
O:3S 2.9 7:11 5.9 2:29]— 0.1 9:30 4.1
1:36 3.0 8:01 5.9 3:151 — 0.3 10:20 4.3
it-
-20 ...
21 ...
22 ...!
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
nnd the last or risht hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
tiven are additions to the soundings on the
TTnited States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign f— ) precedes the height,
nnd then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
Teterencp Is the mean of the lowpr low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Czarina |Puget Sound !Jan. 16
Wellington (Departure Bay Jan. 16
Chilkat Humboldt Jan. 16
Wyefleld INanalmo Jan. 16
Chas. Nelson... lPuget Sound Jan. 16
Alpha [Point Arena Jan, 16
Alliance.... Portland Jan. 16
North Fork....!Humboldt Jan. 16
Corona San Diego ! Jan. 16
Mineola iTnroma iJan. 16
Queen Victoria & Puget Pound.Jan. 1?
Newburg Grays Harbor i.Tan. 17
Pomona [irumboldt Jan. 17
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 17
Crescent City... [Crescent City Jan. 18
Orizaba (Newport Jan. IS
City of Sydney. Panama Jan. 19
Point Arena Point Arena i.Tan. 19
Arcata «... Coos Bay Jan. 19
Columbia 'Portland Jan. 20
Santa Rosa San Dippo Jan. 20
City of Rio IChlna and Japan........ I.Tan. M
Weeott IVaquina Bay 'Jan. 22
Walla Walla... I Victoria & Puget Sound! Jan. 22
Coos Bay. ...... l Newport Jan. 22
STEAMERS TO SAIL..
Steamer Destination. Sails. I Pier
L'mattlla .. Vie & Pgt Sd.jJan. IG. 10 amlPier 9
Bay... Newport 'Jan. 16, f'amPierll
"■lillkat IHumboldt Jan. 16, 2 pmPier 13
Horic [rhinn* .TTpan'.Tan. 17. 1 v>m I'MSS
\lliance ...lOrrgon Ports. |Jan. IS, 10 amlPler 20
,\l"ha [Point Arena. . I Jan. is, 3 pm|Pi«r J
■ornna Ban DlegO Man. 18. 11 amlPler 11
lolon Panama IJan. is, 12 m'PMss
; W KLlor Portland IJan. I*. lOamlPtn 24
Pomona ...IHumboldt '.Jan. 1!), 2 pmlPler 9
"'rizalia ....INewport 'Jan. If), 9 amPler 11
' Nolson... : Puget Sound. .'Jan. 20, 10 amlPler 2
jueen Vie* IVt Sd.lJan. 21. l'>am;Ptrr t>
Pt Arena.. ! Point Arena. J Jan. 21, 3 pmlFler 2
>anta Rosa San Diego IJan. 22, 11 amlPler 11
■nlumbia .-IPortUnd Jan. 23. lrt am'Plpr 24
Steamer
Destination.
Sails.
SHIPPING IKTBIXIGBVCa.
ARRIVED. |
Sunday, January 15.
Stmr Geo Loomts, Brldgett, 32 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, 32 hours from Santa
Barbara.
Stmr State of California, ! Parsons, 63 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 5-S>4 hours.
Ship James Drummond, Skewes, 144 days from
Philadelphia.
SAILED.
Sunday, January 15. ;
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, Grays Harbor. '
Strar Samoa, Jahnsen. Eureka, .:->:.■ :
Stmr Arcata, Reed, Coos Bay.
Ship Santa Clara, Llndbergr. .Nanalmo.
Hktn Gleaner, Spragrue, Columbia River.
Schr La Gironde, Hanson. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 15, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SB; velocity. 20 mites.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Jan 14— Stmr Alcazar,
for Port Los Angeles.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr Pomona,
hence Jan 14; stmr Fulton, hence Jan 14; stmr
Clcone, from Crescent City; stmr Hueneme, hnc
Jan 14.
• Sailed Jan 15— Stmr Alliance, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Chllkat. for San Francisco; stmr
North Fork, for San Francisco.
JIENDOCINO— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr Point
Arena, hence Jan 14.
FORT : BRAGG— Arrived Jan Stmr Noyo,
hence Jan 14.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Jan Schr
Annie Larsen, from San Pedro. Jan 15— Ship
Yosemlte, from Seattle.
' TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS. -
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 15— Stmr Britannia,
for Marseilles. - -■, ■
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Jan 15— Stmr Cam
pania, for New York.
HAVRE— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr La Goscogne,
from New York. y •' :
AD VEBTISEBLEU TS.
REFEREE'S
WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE.
AT AUCTION
BY ORDER SUPERIOR COURT,
TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1899,
At 12 O'Clock, Noon, Sharp,
AT OFFICE OF
MADISON & BURKE,
626 Market Street.
Polk-street business block, Nos. 1709 to 1715
Polk street, between Clay and "Washington. A
solidly built building containing flfty-slx room*;
three large stores with rooms In rear; fine con-
crete basement, with sidewalk elevators. Polk
street Is th» finest business street west of
Kearny.
Size of lot 63:10x123:8.
ISIERCfSI
\*J? FAVORITE
IRESCRIPTION
ML FOR WEAK WOMEN. \
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62.">KEABXYST. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Cure* guaranteed. Callorwrlte.
a>r. J. W. UIBBON. Box 1957. San Francisco.
Biffta • ifjSHfHig ill jI T BJ
IA/. X. HESS,
HOTABT PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California St.. below Powell.
Ban Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
hht Steamers leave Broadway
Mia^ wharf. San Francisco:
' BBjbBSL. For Alaskan purts, 10 a. m.,
• MPnkwVMk Jan - 11, 16, 21 26 - 31; Feb. 5;
! m^RH^SI change at Seattle.
Rfis^^* SSil For Victoria, Vancouver, (B.
t2g**2*r&st! C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
I i9fi Tacoma, Everett, Anacortea
B **»l and New Whatcom (Wash),
10 a. m., Jan. 11, 10, 21, 26, 31;
Feb 5 and every fifth day thereafter; change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry- : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.;
at Vancouver (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Jan.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Jan.
14, 19, 24, 29; Feb. 3, and every fifth day there- j
E Tor Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cavuccs, Port Harford. (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Jan. 12. 16, 20. 24, 28; Feb.
1, and even' fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. ;
m.. Jan. 14, IS. 22. 28. 30, Feb. 3, and every j
fourth day thereafter. .  .
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Jan. 14, Feb. 9,
Mar. 9. Apr. 6. ■
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
and hours of saillnir.
TICKV.T OFFICE- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
The R. &- N. co,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
iMnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia satis Jan. 3, 13. 23, Feb. 2.
State of California sails Jan. 8. 18, 28. Feb. 7.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street. I
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic
~ (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS j,.^^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <'*]{*?&
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North «3sjaHia»
River, foot of Morton street.
I LA BRETAGNE Jan 21
| LA NOUMXNDIE Jan. 28
! LA GASCOGNE Feb. 4 I
i LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 11l
j LA BRETAGNE Feb. IS
[ First class to Havre, $65 and upward. 5 per •
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to '
Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FI'GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 ;
Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
TOYOTkISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, Ip. m for '
| YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling' at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
I connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
', of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday, Jan. 25
AMERICA MARU... Tuesday Feb 21
HONGKONG MARU Friday, March 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
The a s. mari-
#T^«l3iPMilllr POSA salls via H °no-
Sf j&iiKfiß w J«lu and Auckland for
XS'V'S^jEP* — >. Sydney Wednesday,
PiW A |C rosA sails via Honol
Tfc W 'pl 1 i and Auckland for
H -«- >. Sydney Wednesday,
Qj<r_-L' > Jan. 2.". at 10 p. m.
rslßdfflSnD d S - S - AUSTRALIA
Si^^^/^mniKii pails for Honolulu
25r*i^ (OmD3lttr* Wednesi3a . February
VJiif*wiw|<s. 1839. at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOB 0. S. IAVY-TISD AID YALLEJQ.
' Steamer "Monticello."
Mon.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m.- except Thur.) :
i Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and S p. m.
Landing and offices — Mission Dock, Pier 2.
Telephone Main 1503.
RAILPvOAD TRAVEL.
WORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sstualito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS- '7:20, '9:30. 11:00 a. m.: »1:45.
i IMS, 5:15, *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays,
! Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »S:00, •10:00. '11:30 a. m.; "1:15.
1 1:00, »4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «8:35. 7:45. »9:30 a m.;
i •12:20. 2:20, *2:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:20. »S:00, »10:00, •11:55 a. m.;
: •1:15. 3:10. 4:40, *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin
' FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m. •
11:86, 2:45. 3:50, 6:20 p. m. > - j
EXTRA TRIPS an Mondays. Wednesdays
: and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05, 1:20, 3:10.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1 :10 a.m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
i 1:45 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and war
stations. . - . - :
J 1:10 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mils and way eta*,.
RAILROA7J TRAVEL.
KttVTIIRRS r*€IFIC CO3IPAHT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train* leave mill me due to »rilre at
. MAN ritASC'ISfO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From Deo. 18, 1893. — arriti
•O:OOa Nile*. Sao Jose and Way Station*... *BT4Oa
7:OOa Bt-Tiici», Sutsun »nd Sacramento. . . . 3:45f
7:OOa MaryuTille, OroTille aud Redding via -
Woodland Bt4Sr
. 7:00 a Elmira, V»c»Tllle and Rnmsey. 8:45?
7 Mo a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Nap*,
Calißtoga and Santa Rosa Bil3r
B:<>Oa Atlantic Kxpreas, Ugtleu and East.. 8:15r
»iß»a Sail .lose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Flaoerrllle,
M»ry»Tl!l», Chico, lied Bluff -lilSp
»:3Oa •MilUm, Oalcdale and Jamestown... 4:15p
9:00 a Martinez. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
. Merced and Fresno.. ...:. 12:13?
9iOOa Fresno, HakeralieM. "Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles, Doming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 8:45 r
IO:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
I :OOm Niles, Liter more, Stockton, Sacra-
! mento, MendoU, Hanford, Viaalia,
' Pcrterrule ;.r 4i15»
•liOOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers *8i««p
4iOOr Martinez, Han lUiuou, Vallejo,
Nap*, Callstoga, Santa Itnsa Vilsa
4:OOp Benida, Vacarllle, Saorameuto,
Woodland, Knights Landing, ■
Marys Tills, Oro*lll« 1 0:45 a
4:30p Nlles, San Jose and Stockton 7:15*
5;00p San Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakersfield, Los
Angeles 9:4» a
S:3or Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:13*
3:3Oi> Martinez, Tracy, JJrixlota, Fresno,
Mi jave, Santa ITarbara and Los
Aiit^f !••» S:Ui
I5:0OP Paciflo Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis. Chicago and East JO: 4O A
St3»r Santa Fe Kuiuc, Atlanta l'.xprestr
for Moja»e ami Kast .' «:-!.•>
«:O«r Ktiropeau Mall, Ogdeu and Kast.'... 0:43 a
8:00p Haywards, Nlles and San Jose 7:43 a
•6:00 Vallejo "... I»«l3p
t?>OOp Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions 1 J9:43»
BiOOp Oregon Kznress, Sacramento, Marys-
*llle Red.ling, Portland. t'ujet
«i>iindan<l Kast 8:15*
<1O:O5p Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Pwo, New Orleans
and East 61i43f
" SAX LEA.NimO AM) lI*¥VTAKI>S LOCAL. '
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 Belro*e, Seminary I'urk, (
8:00 a Fltchbnrr, Klmharxt, «i4S4
<9<OOa San Leamiro, South San «»8:43a
lO.OOa Leandro, Kutndillo, 10:45 a
<I 1:00 a Lorenzo, Cherry ■ I? **'
a-.oop and I I I J2 P
3=°«p liar wards. '"'J2.
' :OOp l Bom througL to Kile.. 7145
J t From Nile*. I
" COAST IllVlsiON (Sarroir flange). ~~
(Foot of Market Street.) _____
8:13 a Newark. San Jo»e,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Orel and Way
Stations B«5«»
•a:l3p Newark. Cen texrillc, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations M«:B«4
4:15p Newark, San Jose and Los Gates... »:20a
t11:45p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t7'*°>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
7romSlB mNCISCO— root of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:00 ll:0(U.M. 11:03 *3:33 $3:00
•4:00 t3:00 ♦8:00 m.
from OiIUSD-rool«rEr<i.(iwJ7.— -6:00 8:00 10:00 A.M.
112:00 *l:00 12:00 *3:00 14:00 *g:o3rja.
~ COAST DIVISION (Broad «ao(t«>). "
' (Third and Townsend Sta.) ____
7:00 a Man Jone and Way .Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:30f
9.00 a Han .lust). Tres l'luos, Santa Cnu,
Pacillo drove, l'aso Knbles, San
Luis Obispo. Quadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way .Stations 4:lOr
lOi4Oa San .Job. and Way .Stations... "KtOOA
I1:3Oa San Joee and Way Stations 8:33 A
■2:43 1' Sun Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Oilroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Gro»e '10:86*
•»:BOp San Jose and Way Stations •»sOO*
•4:I»p San Jose and Principal Way Station! 9:45 a
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
3:SOp San Joae and Principal Way .Stations 5:8OT
O::iOpSau Joss ami Way Stations 7:8 Or
f11:43r San Jose anil Way Stations ?:BOP
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays e«cepte<i. ! Sundays only, t Saturdays only
•fMondnys and Thursdays. aTnesdays and Saturday*.
$3atuTd»Y*and Wednesdayg. bThnrsdavs and Snndaya.
| ____ 1
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St. .
Si BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL*
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 11:1*.
1:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l.a*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:JO, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. S:Mk
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:55 and 1:16 P. m.
6UNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, I:4*.
8:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetxen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 1«, ■
Week I Sun- IS9B. Bun- Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. Days.
7:80 a m( 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
I:3opm 9:3oami Petaluma. 6:lopm 10:15 am
8:10 pm 6:oopni Santa Rosa. 7:85 pm 8:23 pta
| Fulton.
t^Oam Windsor, 10:15 am
Healdsburs,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
l:SCpm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:Bspm 1:0pm
Hopland and
i 7:3oam 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35pm «:21pm
7:30 am 10:35 am
8:00 am Quernevllle. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm ■ 6:23 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and
S:lopm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. «:10pm 6:22 pm
7:Boam 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm I 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at G«y-
•erville for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdala fop
: the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's, BuckneU'a,
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Boonev 1 1le t Orr'«
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Ueal. Wlllitts, LaytonviUe. Cum-
< mine's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyar,
Scotia and Eureka. •
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market at.. Chronicle bide
H. C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday. „"!• V,
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR,
servation Car and Eleotrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN " FBARCISCG TICKET OFFICE— MARKET SI.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1581.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIi.
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10. IS9S, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. - North-bound.
Passen-i Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Station*. Exc'ptd Dally.
! B:2o am 10:30 am Stockton . 3:43 pm 6:50 pra
10:10 am 2:ospm Merced 12:40 pm 4:o3pm
11:40 am 6:30 pm Fresno . 9:30 am 2:32 pro
12:38pm" 1 7:43pm Hanford 7:45 am l:33pra
I :2opm '12 :30 am BakersQeld 2:30 am 11:23 am
IS :GSpm| B:sopm Visalta BMOam l:l»pra
"'Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager Office. 221 Market
•treet. San Franclico.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
<Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco.- commencing Sunday.
Bept. 11. 1898: .
Week — 9:30 a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, 11.
THOS. COOK & EON, Agent*. «M )Urk«
. Street, San FrancUca.
78
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
OAKLAND NOT
IN LOVE WITH
THE COLONEL
His Influence Results in the Demor
alization of Her Gov
ernment.
Some Hope That Life and Property May Not
Be in Such Jeopardy After the
City Election.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Jan. 15.
THIS city during the holiday month
has been forcibly reminded that
it is suffering in all directions
from the influences of the busi-
ness interests represented by Col
onel Dan Burns. Never before has there
been such a record of highway robberies,
burglaries, thefts and unrestricted gamb
ling as prevails In this city at this hour,
and any intelligent mind can trace it <ii
rectly to the influences surrounding the
race track. It can truly be said that Oak
land has never been so mortified by seeing
between six and seven thousand dollars j
per menth expended on her Police De- I
partment with so little returns. A glance]
at the records shows that while burglaries
and hold-ups have been of nightly occur
rence not a single arrest has been made
through the holiday season of any of the
perpetrators.
The resident* surrounding the center of
the city have sent in numerous reports of
robbflrleß, but there the matter ends. Th<>
looseness apparent in every quarter of the
city seems to have saturated the city gov
ernment and through it has pen.olated in
to the Police Department. It is no exag
geration to say that the influence of Dan
Burns is directly and indirectly menacing
the rights of every citizen of Oakland.
This city is to be congratulated that an
election is at hand and that the oppor
portunlty is afforded to remedy to some
t the existing evil.
I may be somewhat blunt In some of
the statements I am about to make, but
they are all Inside the truth and the re
sult of long and careful investigation. If
names of individuals are omitted it is only
because a branch should not be blamed
for bearing blighted fruit when the tree
itself is corrupt. For two years the peo
ple have been demanding some degree of
honest representation In the city govern
ment Now their sincerity is about to be
tested. If after the 13th of March the
same gang in any of its multifarious
formr shall bo returned to the City Hall.
1 hope that the treasury will be looted,
the city disgraced and all public Improve
ments'stopped to a greater degree than
the oldest inhabitant can recollect. It
would be but a merited reward for fool
ishness.
A true picture of Oakland would not be
pleasant to behold. I shall draw no more
of it than is actually necessary to prove
the necessity of voting for men who have
a fairly truthful conception of their re
sponsibilities and the manhood to follow
It.
And while it is not surprising that clti
-zens want existing ordinances enforced,
there is no desire to change Oakland Into
that most impracticable, hypocritical
thine— a prohibition town. A year ago
this question was settled at the polls and
although every citizen wants law and
order and a fair return for municipal ex
penditures, there is no general desire to
go to extremes. The social life of to-day
and. if I may say it, the commerce of
to-day, seems tn demand the liquor traffic,
but it also demands that the saloon shall
be subservient to the government and
shall rrot dominate it.
Since the opening of the race track an
era of gambling has prevailed in Oak
land and it has increased to such an ex
tent that the semblance of secrecy is I
observed no longer and forbidden games j
are constantly in progress. Pool rooms
in back quarters, crap games, Chinese lot- i
teries. Btud-horse poker and faro, all of i
which are against the law. are played
without let or hindrance. A few days
ago I called these facts to the notice of
one of the highest officials of this city i
and I asked him to step off the sidewalk \
and allow me (o show him a Chinese lot- !
tery and a crap game in full blast. He j
declined, an<l replied that perhaps the j
desired end would b« gained if the cap- ]
ltalist who owns the building were sent |
ALAMEDA HONORS
FLETTER'S MEMORY
IMPRESSIVE SERVICES AT THE
FUNERAL CEREMONY.
The City Feels That It Has Met "With
a Serious Loss in the Death
of the Late Trustee.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 15.— Alameda - paid a
fitting tribute to-day to the memory of
the late Freeborn J. Fletter. who was one
of this city's most respected citizens and
a most honored public official. The fu
neral was one of the largest and most
Impressive ever seen in Alameda. Ma
sonic Hall, where the services were held,
was crowded, and many of the friends
and acquaintances of the deceased who
came to honor his memory could not gain
admittance. //;//
The services were conducted by Oak
Grove Lodge, F. and A. M., according to
the solemn ritual of the Masonic fra
ternity. Rev. XV. XV. Scudder of the Con
gregational Church, of which deceased
was a trustee, delivered the funeral ora
tion. He spoke In touching terms of Mr.
Fletter's many deeds of kindness; of the
interest he took in the young men; of his
many noble traits of character, and stated
that in his death the city of Alameda had
met with an Irreparable loss.
The floral offerings were numerous and
of a great variety of handsome designs.
Among these was one representing the
tower of Alameda's City Hall, with the
Hag at half-mast and the hands of the
town clock pointing to the hour of 11, the
time when Mr. Fletter died. Another rep
resented a large heart, across which were
the words, "Open to All," being symbolic
of .the character and generosity of the
deceased. •
Many friends from all sections of the
State attended the obsequies. As the fu
neral cortege passed through the city the
bells on all the fire houses tolled a sol
emn farewell. - >•;•/,
■ a »
FROM -SMILES TO SUICIDE.
A. Woman's Sudden and Desperate
Attempt o- Her Life.
OAKLAND, Jan. 15.— Mrs. Mary Kivest
attempted to commit suicide at her home,
714 Twenty-fifth street, to-night by swal
lowing carbolic acid. Just previously she
seemed merry and had been laughing and
joking with her brother-in-law. Hector
Kivest, who had been relating some of
his travels. Suddenly she quit his pres
ence, and going to an adjoining room
lifted a small bottle of carbolic acid to her
lips. Her father-in-law saw this act, and
rustling at her snatched the bottle away,
but not until she had swallowed a portion
of the Contents, At the Receiving Hos
pital Mrs. Kivest, after being revived
Bomewhat by Drs. Stratton and Keating,
Btat*<l that she did it because she "was
a. copy of the section of the Penal Code
referring to leasing houses for gambling
purposes.
Then there are the dens of Immorality
that are being conducted in the heart of
the city and where nightly orgies are
participated in by some of those who have
taken an oath to suppress such places.
Some individual instances of this have
lately become so notorious that they are
matters of common gossip, and certain
people have been heard to proclaim from
the housetops that their "pull" guaran
tees them immunity from arrest. Occa
sionally a "raid" is made and generously
exploited, but if this deceives a certain
element it has accomplished its purpose.
So much has been said about the com
mercial benefits of having a town run
wide open that I asked several retail mer
chants for their opinion. All stated that
after November 1, the date the track
opens for six months, business fell off,
credit increased and collections were more
difficult. These arguments were support
ed by facts that sufficiently exploded the
theory of good resulting from a "wide
open" town.
Since the advent of Colonel Burns 1 - com
mercial enterprise, Oakland, ordinarily a
city comparatively free from crime of
the baser sort, has lost any such charac
ter she formerly enjoyed. The retinue of
thugs that is inseparable from a long
period of horse-gambling has apparently
found in this city an agreeable abiding
place. The carrying out of their jobs
seems to be attended with no danger, and
if the jail waits for them, said jail has
a life job exercising patience. During the
last month everybody knows how many
burglaries and robberies became public.
Only a few members of the police depart
ment and the numerous victims of the
thieves know how many were not made
public. The record, however, shows that
all the desperadoes are. still at large and
have signalized their freedom by carry
ing on half a dozen burglaries at once last
Sunday night and by committing a few
highway robberies since. Nor are these
boasts of "pulls" idle. Men who have
been dismissed from the department for
the very best of causes have experienced
little difficulty in being reinstated when
the freshness of their evildolngs has fad
ed away. Within a work an effort has
been made to perform this operation, but
it was not successful. Other instances
of recent date, where political strength
has superseded merit, are on the minutes
of the police commission — provided such
minutes are written up to date. These
facts are not new, but the time is now
opportune to emohasize their truth. They
have a direct bearing on the nominations
now being made.
Just why such pernicious influences
should apparently be able to work from
both ends, should destroy discipline and
defeat justice is a matter to be guessed
at. The effect is such that it cannot be
perpetuated by any of the old political
tricks if citizens use intelligence. There
will be good men nominated for the city
government, and there will be bad men.
An attempt will be made, by methods no
longer secret, to put enough good men in
the field to divide the large reform-desir
ing vote, so as to allow the "gang" fa
vorites to win. The members who consti
tute the Police and Fire commissions are
not going to be elected on their allegiance
to 16 to 1 or on their ideas of imperialism,
or whether they favor the turning out of
paper money like election catds. The can
didates will be weighed according to their
decency or indecency, their integrity or
their flexibility. A spreadeagle speech
about Dewey or McKlnley will not suffice
to elect the next Board of Works, and
although Oakland should naturally elect
a Republican ticket it can only be accom
plished if that party puts up the men
furthest removed from suspicion.
Is It any wonder then that Oakland
should rebel when Its representatives vote
to send Colonel Burns to the cradle of
the nation's honor?
STUART W. BOOTH.
tired of doing a lot of work with no I
thanks." She Paid also that her husband
scolded her until she could stand it no i
longer, and that the sooner she died the i
better.
The woman's mouth and throat are ter
ribly burned from the acid, and some of
the poison, the doctors believe, reached !
her stomach and has been absorbed. Mrs i
Rivest is the mother of four little chil
dren, the youngest being but nine months
old. Her husband. Edward Rivest, is a
hostler, but has been out of work for
some time. He was unable to account j
for his. wife's rash act.
1 • •
Services in Oakland Churches.
OAKLAND. Jan. 15.— Rev. S. C. Keetch
or the Golden Gate Baptist church de-
Uvered an evening sermon at the First i
Christian Church to-night.
At the First Baptist Church, Evangelist !
George C. Needham began a series of
meetings this morning. He preached also :
to-night.
Rev. Charles R. Brown, pastor of the ■■
First Congregational Church, to-night de- j
llvered the second of his series of sermons !
on "The Home End of Things," the nar- !
ticular subject being "The Home In- i
fluence of Education."
Rev. J. R. Knodell delivered two in- :
teresting sermons at the Pilgrim Congre
gational Church to-day. This morning's !
sermon was on "A Good Opportunity to •
Ask Hard Questions."
"Christ's Easy Yoke and Light Burden"
was the subject of Rev. E. R. Dille's ser
mon to-night at the First M. E. Church i
At Rev. M. E. Hill's Twenty-fourth i
avenue M. E. Church Rev. J. J. Smith j
preached the morning and evening ser- |
mons. while Rev. N. C. B. Smith delivered j
an afternoon address.
At the Tenth-avenue Baptist Church to- \
night the pastor, Rev. C. M. Hill, dis
coursed on the subject "Are the Churches i
Gaining or Losing?"
Rev. J. G. Gasmann of Alameda again
occupied Rev. V. Marshall Laws pulpit
at the Church of the Advent this morning '
To-night's sermon was delivered by ■
Bishop-elect William H. Moreland of St !
Luke's Church, San Francisco.
Dedicated Their iflew School.
OAKLAND, Jan. 15.— The new hall and I
school building erected on the site of the
ptructure destroyed by fire a year ago in
the Sacred Heart Parish, north of Temes
cal, was dedicated this afternoon. Very
Rev. J. Prendergast, Vicar General of the
arch diocese of San Francisco, officiated
There was a very large attendance
After the Messing of the several school
rooms on the first floor, the Vicar Gen- I
eral, clergy and visitors proceeded to the l
spacious hall on the second floor, where ■
after this was also blessed. Rev. Father i
Prendergast preached an appropriate ser- i
mon. This was followed by the "Te
Deum," sung by the school children. The '
congregation then repaired to the church ]
where the benediction of the Blessed
Sacrament was given.
Another famous relic of ancient London I
is coming down. It is at 17 Fleet street
the old palace of Henry VIII and Card
inal Wolsey, lately occupied by shops It
is generally believed to have been the of- '
flee of the Duchy of Cornwall in the reign I
of James L
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 16, 1899.
PASSED AS
A PAUPER AND
SAVED WEALTH
Strange Life of Mrs.
Domingarill.
FEARED THE POTTER'S FIELD
ENDURED PRIVATION TO AVOID
FANCIED DISGRACE.
On Her Deathbed She Revealed to
Her Husband the Locality
of Her Buried
• Treasure.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 15.— The death of Mrs.
Isabelle Domingarill, which occurred in
this city January 7, has revealed a
strange story of a strange woman. For
over twenty years Mrs. Domingarill lived
with .her husband in an unpretentious
little house on Centennial avenue, near
Encinal Park station. They were looked
upon by the neighbors as poor people.
Although they never sought charity, it
was frequently volunteered them and
never refused.
On her death bed the woman revealed
to her husband that for years she had
lived in dread of being burled in the pot
ter's field and that to prevent what she
considered a possible disgrace she had
hoarded every penny she could lay her
hands to until her treasure had reached a
sum exceeding $1000. It was bL-ied, she
said, and she refused to tell the location
until she knew for a certainty that there
was no hope of her life being prolonged.
The woman was 60 years old at the time
of her death. For years she had been a
familiar figure in West Alameda, It was
her daily custom to gather wood along
the southern shores of the Encinal. Rain
or shine she used to trudge along the
sandy beach filling an old sack with the
snicks and chips washed up by each suc
ceeding tide. She was always poorly clad
and was an object of pity. It was while
engaged in her daily vocation that she
succumbed to the exposure of the wind
and rain. Even after she was taken sick
she toiled on gathering the wood for the
family fireside, until her constitution
could no longer stand the strain and she
was forced to take to her bed.
Charitable people of the neighborhood
rendered her every assistance possible.
Her home was sparsely furnished, devoid
of almost every comfort, yet withal a
model of cleanliness. She told these
kindly people of her dread of the potter's
field, but she did not hint to them that
she had deprived herself almost of the
necessities of life to provide for a better
resting place for her earthly remains
after the spirit had gone to its Maker.
After Mrs. Domingarill's death the
neighbors undertook to carry out her last
wishes and give her a decent burial. The
husband refused their assistance, and the
neighbors marveled when the remains
were taken away in an expensive casket
to the Portuguese Catholic Church at
West Oakland, where mass was said for
the repose of her soul. The body was in
terred in St. Mary's Cemetery.
Just before her death the woman re
vealed the hiding place of her treasure.
It was in an old coal oil can under
the flooring of her 'bedroom. It was
reached by a little trapdoor, in
the floor, which Mrs. Domingarill
had made herself. so perfectly
that it would be impossible for one to find
it if they did not know of its existence
and locality. Part of the treasure was in
gold, but a large proportion of it was
silver coins of small denominations.
The husband was employed at one time
in the lumber yards of Derby & Co., but
of late years has had but little work.
FIRST IN THE FIGHT.
Municipal League Will Nominate a
Complete City Ticket.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 15.— The Municipal
L#eague will meet to-morrow evening, and
it is announced that it will nominate a
complete ticket for the approaching city
election. Some of the members of the
league have fought against naming the
ticket so far in advance^of the election,
stating that such action would give the
opposition the opportunity of pulling the
league candidates all to pieces, before
they show their own hands, and without
giving the league partisans a chance to
retaliate. It Is believed, .owever, that a
majority of the members favor getting
into the fight as early as possible. The
organization is giving the local politicians
a great deal of uneasiness. It is com
paratively an unknown factor in Alameda
politics, and there is considerable spec
ulation as to how big a figure it will cut
at the spring election. In opposition to
the league ticket will be the nominees of
the Harmonic Hall party.
The Vacant Trusteeship.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 15.— There is some
speculation as to who the city trustees
will appoint to fill the unexpired term of
the late F. J. Fletter. The board will
meet to-morrow night, but will adjourn
out of respect to the deceased member
without transacting any business. It is
probable that the appointment will be
made from those who have been an
nounced as candidates for the position at
the spring election. Alexander Mackie of
the Valley Road, Captain H. A. Thomp
son and Deputy Coroner James Fowler
have been mentioned in connection with
the appointment. Mr. Mackie's friends
are making an active fight in his behalf,
and it is the general impression that he
will secure the office.
College Opens.
BERKELEY, Jan. 15.— The second term
of the present academic year of the Uni
versity of California will open to-morrow.
The university town is being filled rap-
Idly with the I'iOO or more students and
professors returning from the Christmas
holidays. Yesterday and to-day the local
trains "brought in several every hour. The
balance are expected Monday, as registra
tion Is not allowed after then. Between
forty and fifty new students are ex
pected from the December classes of the
High Schools around the bay.
Glee Club Returns.
BERKELEY, Jan. 15.— The musical asso
ciations of the University of California
returned this afternoon from their south
ern tour. The associations consist of the
University Glee. Banjo, Mandolin and
Guitar Clubs, Including altogether over
forty members. They gave concerts in all
the larger cities of the southern part of
the State and report on the whole a very
successful trip.
Donations for the Museum.
The following Valuable donations to the
Golden Gate Park Memorial Museum
have been recently received by Curator C.
I P. Whitcomb:
From C. P. Huntington of New York,
two large and very rare oil paintings by
the celebrated old master Piezetta, one
representing an old woman telling a
young lady's fortune, and the other a
happy group of Bavarians. From Wil
liam Whiley of Hongkong, a large and
curious primitive plow and harrow, as
made and used by the natives in the in
terior of China. From the California
State Mining Bureau, two casts of pre
historic footsteps in sandstone. From W.
H. Glass of Felton. Cal.. one large barn
owl and one horned owl. From James
Quigley of San Francisco, two old-time
shot guns.
The Swiss society Rambertla has laid
out an Alpine garden at Montreux, at an
elevation of 6000 feet, where the charac
teristic trees and flowers of the country
[arc to be cultivated.
CLUNG TO HIS
MAN UNTIL THE
POLICE ARRIVED
Arrest of a Desperate
Burglar.
THREATENED TO SHOOT
ALECK HEYMAN MAKES AN IM
PORTANT CAPTURE.
He Discovers a "Porch-Climber" in
His Father's House and Suc
ceeds in Overpower
ing Him.
The daring burglar who has been
operating in the Western Addition during
the past few weeks is behind prison bars.
He was arrested last evening: while in the
act of ransacking the residence of Henry I
Heyman, the well-known violinist, at 623
Eddy street. His capture was effected
by Aleck Heyman, the son of the violinist,
and Sergeant of Police Shea. At the City I
JAMES STEWART, the Porch-Climber, Who
Was Arrested After a Desperate Struggle.
Prison the desperate man gave his name
as James Stewart, and claimed that he
had recently arrived from Australia.
Shortly after 7 o'clock last evening the
son of the violinist, while sitting in the
front room of his home, was startled by a
sound resembling the breaking of a bottle
in a room overhead. Running upstairs he
discovered Stewart In the act of rifling
the bureau drawers. As soon as the in
truder saw him he reached for his re
volver and threatened to kill young
Heyman if he made an outcry. Although
unarmed the brave youth without a mo
ment's hesitation grappled with the
burglar, and, after taking possession of
the revolver, threw him to the floor.
The noise of the struggle attracted the
attention of the other inmates of the
house, and they hastened to the young
man's assistance. They found the burglar
on the floor with Heyman standing over
' him and threatening to "blow his head
off" if he made a move. Acting on his
suggestion some one went to the nrenouse
i which is in the immediate vicinity and
; telephoned to the Central Police station
for an officer.
In the meantime Sergeant Shea, who
was attracted to the scene, by the, noise of
the struggle, entered the house just as
Stewart was making a vigorous effort to
escape He promptly Belied him and
after handcuffing him took him to the
City Prison. A razor, which belonged to
Mr Heyman, and which he found lying
on a table in the room, was discovered
in one of his pockets.
A subsequent examination revealed that
Stewart first entered the vacant house
adjoining and ascending to the second
floor climbed to the window sill of the
Heyman residence. He then pried open
the window and entered the house.
The police arc convinced that btewart
is the "porch climber" who has been
operating in the Western Addition. They
believe he is the man who entered the
residence of Mrs. Gannon on Jones street
a short time ago and stole several hun
dred dollars worth of Jewelry!
When questioned by Sergeant Shea the
prisoner said he had been without any
thing to eat for several days, and seeing
Mr. Heyman and his family pitting in the
front window "enjoying themselves.' as
he expressed It. he concluded to rob the
house. As Stewart is well dressed and
gives evidence of prosperity the story of
being on the verge of starvation ls/dls
credlted by the police.
"A NEW EARTH.'"
Lecture by A. J. Johnson Before the
Theosophical Society.
A. J. Johnson delivered an Interesting
and scholarly lecture last night at the
Academy of Sciences building under the
auspices of the Universal Brotherhood,
Lodge No. 7, Theosophists of America.
"The new earth," he said, "will ma
terialize with the coming of Christ. We
are even now passing from the winter of
our discontent to the spring of a new life.
We will be carried forward on the crest
irf the flood tide of joy and the whole
world will dance with the radiance of
happiness. This transition which is soon
to occur has been nnfd by utronomera,
who say that there will be a remarkable
conjunction of planets with the sun. The
readjustment of the cycle will cause the
disturbance. The new earth will increase
the amount of truth and happiness and
lessen the volume of pain nnd sorrow to
which we have always boon subjected,
and we shall enter the springtime of tne
world.
"The great underlying principles of the
new cycle which is to be exemplified and
destroy all vice is now ready for presen
tation, and in fact has already been pre
sented. It is the principle of Universal
Brotherhood. As soon as It touches the
heart of man mankind will lose Us feroc
ity. The coming cycle will be free from
torture when the Christ Savior lias again
descended to the earth to rule the hearts
of men."
For an Immense Iron Furnace.
Plans are In course of preparation for
one of the largest blast furnaces in the
State, to be built by the Reading Iron
Company. It will replace the old Key
stone furnace, which had a capacity of
450 tons a week. The weekly capacity of
the new furnace will be 1700 tons. It will
be built rapklly, and will probably go
Into blast some time during the next
month.— Philadelphia Record.
The smallest cows in the world are to
be found In the Samoan Islands.
PATRONAL DAY
OBSERVED AT
ST. IGNATIUS
Feast of the Holy
Name of Jesus.
IMPRESSIVE MUSIC RENDERED
ABCHBISHOP RIOBDAN ASSISTED
AT TKT. MASS.
Rev. Father Wyman, C. S. P., De
livered the Sermon at High
Mass — Solemn High Ves
pers in the Evening.
Yesterday the feast of the Holy Name
of Jesus was celebrated at St. Ignatius
Church in this city. The occasion was
the patronal feast of the church, and it
was observed with solemn high mass at
half-past 10 o'clock. Every seat in the
large church was occupied at the hour
named and many were obliged to stand
during the ceremonies.
His Grace Archbishop Riordan assisted
at mass. He was served by Fathers
Henry Woods and Joseph Hickey as dea
cons and by Father John Sard! as assist
ant priest. The mass was celebrated by
the Very Rev. J. P. Frieden, assisted by
Father George Burkard as deacon and
Peter Morrisey as subdeacon. The mas
ters of ceremony were Fathers George
Butler and Charles Carroll.
The music fur the occasion was excel
lently rendered by the choir, and con
sisted of a mass by Bertini and "Memo
ria" by Mercadarti. The offertory sung
was "Jesu Dulcls."
Rev. Father Wyman, C. S. P., delivered
the sermon at the mass. He chose for his
text these words, taken from chapter IV*
verse 12, of the Acts of the Apostles:
"For there is no other name urider heaven
given to men whereby we must be saved."
He spoke of the greatness of the name
and related the parable in which John,
meeting the crippled beggar at the door
of the temple, said: "All that I have I
give thee. Arise and walk." Connected
with this parable, Father Wyman im
pressed the miracles of the Savior upon
the congregation.
At the evening services solemn high
vespers were sung. An impressive sermon
was preached by Rev. D. J. Mahoney,
S. J., and, as in the morning, a large con
gregation was present. Father Calzla
was celebrant, and was assisted by
Charles Carroll and Peter Morrisey. The
"Magnificat," rendered by the cho'lr was
by Caglero: the "Mottett," by Blga, and
the "Tautium Ergo," by Caglero.
KNOTTY QUESTIONS FOR
THE SUPERVISORS
BIG DEFICIT IN THE STREET DE-
PARTMENT FUND.
Will Order Repairs to Damaged
Streets and Jewers — May Ap
point a Gas Inspector
The Supervisors will be confronted with
a serious question at their meeting to
night. The late rains have caused great
damage throughout tue city. Sewers have
been broken in many localities and a
number of streets have caved in. Repairs
to these damaged portions are Imperative.
There is at present the sum of $37,000
to the credit of the street department
fund In the hanus ol tho Supervisors for
the' fiscal year enumg June 30. The board
to-night will order the lmn«*<11«
of the broken sewers and streets, and a
portion of this $37,000 will be used tor that
purpose as an emergency fund. How the
street department will carry out neces
sary work for the next six months wnn
the small amount available, is a knotty
question upon which the Supervisors
themselves are unable to see their way
clearly.
At to-nijrnt s meetln- It 1» also expec'»'
that the Spring Valley Water Company
will have compiled with Deasy's resolu
tions, which were passed at the las; meet
ing. The resolutions call for a detailed
statement of the corporation's affairs, as
required by section 2, article 14 of the
Constitution. The statement required is
to be so complete that the company may
not be able to furnish it in so short a
time, but the board will not tolerate any
dilatory tactics and will insist on get
ting the facts and figures at the earliest
possible moment.
These resolutions have been passed an
nually by previous boards, but they have
somehow or other failed In their object
and they have never before resulted in
the furnishing of the statement. It re
tnalna to be seen whether the present
board is more serious in Its intentions
than former ones have been.
The question of the acceptance of the
Cit- Hall ♦>n T n the Commissioners will not
come up for some time, as the board Is
to receive an itemized account of the
amount necessary to patch up the holes
In the roof and other needed alterations.
It is certain that the building will not be
accepted by the board until It Is put In
first class shape, and that will necessarily
take some time.
It is more than likely that the board
will take up the appointment of a Gas
Inspector at to-night's meeting. Super
visor PerrauJt so stated last evening, and
he added significantly that it might be a
Republican. Considering that the Mayor
has the appointing power, subject to con
firmation by the board, it looks as If
come understanding has been arrived at,
and the office -will soon be filled.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary A. Pomeroy to William B. La^Jor. lot
on N line of Oak street, 52:6 E of Franklin, E
WlllSiiJ B. l Lßwlor to Arthur A. Pomeroy.
James R. Carrlck and Claus H. Cordes, same;
11 Ada Nottingham Martin (by B. P. Oliver!
commissioner) to Hibernla Savings and Loan
Society, lot on N line of Washington 1 street,
IOCS W of Baker, W 25 by N 12. :8 V*: $0133. _,„
Arthur W.. Charles and Theresa Mathew,
to Patrick Broderlck. lot on NE corner of
Twenty-seventh and Guerrero streets. N 27, E
80. N 50, E 20, S 77. W 100; $10. •
Yerba Buena Mutual Building and Loan As
sociation to Wells, Fargo & Co., lot on E_ line
of Diamond street, 45 N of Elizabeth, N 20 by
E AhVung. Ah Chong. Ming Lucy, Ah Duck
and T. F. Scott (by Robert J. Mercer com
missioner) to Adolph C. Weber, lot on S line
of Commercial street, 4S:o W of Kearny, V, X
by S d.l 9:6 E. $ and James W. King to J C. Me-
Kenzle. lot 31, block 25. Lake View; *«>•
Robert M. and Annie Jardlne to William
Nlcol, lots 59 and 60, block C, Park Lane
Tract; $15. McLaughlln to Thomas H. Mc-
Mary A. McLaughlln to Thomas H. Mc-
Laughlin, lot on SE line of Chenery street, 188
NE of Roanoke, NE 25 by SE 100, block 7,
Falrmount; gift. _ _ w ,j
Pauline Kleebauer (Muller) to C v. Neld
eck. lot on N line of Flood avenue. 175 E of
Dertoit street. E 25 by N 112:6, lot 17. block
35. Sunnyslde; gift.*
Alameda County.
D. E. and Emma M. Collins. C. W and
Eliza J. Orayson and J. W. and Mary E.
Phillips to samp, same, Oakland; ?»uu.
Charles Franck to Anne E. D. Franck . un
dlvldled half Interest In lot on NW corner
Eleventh avenue. 50 NE E Twentieth street. N
E 50 by NW 150. block 126, Clinton, East Oak
land; $10. _ __ , , »
Augusta E. Bergson to Emma L. Doyle, lot
on E line of Fifth street. 168 N of Channlng
way, N 34 by E 136. block 126. Corrected Map,
Raymond Tract, Berkeley: Kift.
Augusta E Bergson to Edith F. Bergson, lot
on E line of Fifth street, 134 N Channlng- way,
N 34 by E 136, block 126, Corrected Map, Ray
mond Tract, Berkeley; gift.
James Hall to James A. Thompson, lot on >,
line of Hallett avenue, 140:10% E Bay street. E
150 by N 155. lot 34 and W 4 lot 35. block 3,
Maxwell Tract. Oakland Township: $10.
Hibernia Savings and Lofin Society to Al
fred J. Hinds, lot on S line of Knox avenue
(or Twenty-seventh street), ISO W of Telegraph
avenue, \V 40 by S 140. Oakland; $10.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W Thompson & w. Mo E Pezer, Seattle
G L Carter, San Jose \W H Vander & w,
P F Raymond. Mont ! Spokane
C Hoist, Sioux Falls C Lake, El Paso
Mrs Sway, Pueblo J Dennehy. Crockett
C Peterson, El Paso A Moore, Canada
J Keith, Manila >E H Poufflass, Mexico
M C Alertdge, Stayton C P Collins, Princeton
3 Mulroy, Fresno E Paynter, Redwood
J Smith. Stockton >L C Lloyd, N V
M Crosby. N V I
PALACE HOTEL.
W L Jones, Wis D Staley, Dawson
B J Bailey, Kansas W J Cahill. N V
3 Brodie, Australia W H Carey & w, China
J S Woodruff. NT R J Sickels, N V
T M Schumacher, Chgo Miss L Flnlay. Ala ■
C Meyer, NT IJ A Clark. N V
G Meyer, Antwerp ■ A W Jones. Monterey
W H Aldrldge & w,|WHT Robinson. N V
British Columbia L A Craner. S Cruz
E Germain. Zurich G E Goodman Jr & w, v
C S Gallagher, N V Sacramento
M E Ellis, Chgo J M Beck, Chgo
,T F Hooper, Boston IJ W Berg*trom & w,
W Northop, N T I Honolulu
M Duvall. Nev |FE Houghton, Utah
T N Hasklns. La Salle R Becker, Portland
GRAND HOTEL.
W D White. Cal W C Howard, Cal
C F Ficker. Cal P A Aver & w. 11l
J D McGllory. Cal H r> Kulils, Jackson-
M F IMllnn, Cal vllle
W F Underbill. Cal C L Ecklon & w. Cal
J L Lyndon. Cal .1 Williams. San Jose
W W Lyndon. S Jose E Llndsey. Dixson
A B Keeping, Cal H G Melvln. Saeto
W H Boole, B C v A Penner & w, Cal
W H Ortswold, Vallejo.H B Hall Los Ang
G T Gibson. S Jose IA. Wellhelmer. Fresno
W L Keenan. Cal E N Jenlens^ns, Utah
;VV H Knowles, Cal I' Musto, Houston
J B Newman. NY C W Eastern, Cal
H Radius. Fresno J Morris. Spnkanp
S 3 Mason, lowa 'D W Blood, Buffalo
F P St Claire. Cal J R Myers. Portland
R S Lenhardt. Yreka \J Barnes, Minn
R W Buchanan. lowa U Mcßae, ChloO
H C Cornell, Mexico C A Canfleld. Oil City
P S Hall, Sacto ' C Francee, Salina3
8 B McLean, Cal ' P Jacobs. Cal
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In th» year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
tS7 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
CIS Larkln 6treet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: nren until 9 o'clock.
?52C Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streetn : open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16, .*.
K. T., Golden Gate building, 625 Put- <e£«K
ter St.— Stated assembly THIS EVEN- Fm
ING, at 8 o'clock. AH fraters are mm
courteously Invited.
CHARLES L. PATTON, Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder.
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal A
Arch Masons— Meets THIS EVENING. _#\_
Business and M. M. degree. TE3T
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F and A. ■
M.— Called meeting THIS (MONDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First de- TZjt
gree. By order of the Master. /▼>
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— ■
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) _A\
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- Yjf
gree. C. D. BUNKER. /V>
Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, ¥. a
and A. M.. Franklin Hall, 1839 Fi'.l- _^m\
more St.— Second degree THIS (MON- IS 2f
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By /V>
order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 222 Market St.. San Francisco, on
TUESDAY. January 24, 1899, at 11:30 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
J. OB. GUNN. Secretary
Office, 222 Market St., San Francisco CaL
January 9, 1899.
THE regular annual- meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Oceanic Steamship Company will
be held at the office of the company. 327 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco, California, on
SATURDAY, the 21st day of January, 1899. at
11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing
a Board of Directors to serve for the ensu-
ing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will close on Tuesday
January 10, 1599, at 3 o'clock p m
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process, from B. S. Taylor, in the Silver Star
Flume andMlnlngCompany'smine. near Span-
ish Ranch, Plumas Co.. to deposit tailings In
a worked out pit; from H. S. Byam, in the
Bonanza claim. in Amador Co., near Michi-
gan Bar. to deposit tailings In Arkansas
Creek, and from the Badger Hill and Chero-
kee Gravel Mining Company, In the Badger
Hill Mine, at Cherokee. Nevada Co. to de-
posit tailings In a worked-out. pit, gives no-
tice that a meeting will be held at room 59.
Flood building. San Francisco. Cal on Janu-
ary 30. 1599, at 1:30 p.. m.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockh*&Ners
of the National Ire Company will be held at
the office of the company. 327 Market nt.. ■
San Francisco, cal.. on Wednesday, the Ist
day of February. 1599. at 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting
J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
DIVIDICM* NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco. At a regular meeting of
the Board of -Directors of this bank, held
January 3. 1899. a dividend was declared for
the half year ending December 31. IS9S. at the
rate of ieven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after the ]«th Iniit Transfer
books will be closed from the 10th to the
l«th in»t.. both days Inclusive.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
Janury 4. l««s
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 63 (twenty-
fl\'e cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market St.. on
at.d after Friday. January 20. 1899. Transfer
books will close on Saturday, January 14.
IBS. at 12 o'clock noon.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ABANDONED children In St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from July 1. 1897. to Decem-
ber 31. 1898: Frank Swett. age 4 years;
Margaret Cunningham, 4 years: Hazel Cun-
ningham, 2 years: Margaret Campion, 2 years;
Rose Kelly, 4 years; Thomas Kelly. 3 years;
Ruth Dougherty. 4 years; Llliie Aubertlne.
6 years.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. .Hartman Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for 14; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 416 Montgomery st., rooms 8-10; teL 65W.
Continued.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notio*
that the following "orphan and half -orphan
girls and boys have been ■ admitted to the in-
stitution from July 1, 1898. to January 1, 1899:
Matilda Zimmerman, 6 yrs. ; Margaret Kes-
llnger. 4 yrs.; Eugenia V. Kloss. 3 yrs. 8
mos.: Annie V. Kloss. 2 yrs. 3 mos.: C!audin»
F Moller 5 yrs. 8 mos.; Sophia H. Hoppe.
B'yrs.; Eva Mclntyre. 8 yrs. 6 mos.; Ollv.
M. Joslln. 6 yrs.: Edith M. Joslln 3 yrs.;
Edna V. Joslln. S yrs.; Myrtle Leigh 3 yrs.:
Genevieve Adams. 8 yrs.; Mary Adams, 9
yrs. ; Albert Zimmerman, . 9 yrs. : Harry
Hayne, 10 yrs. ; Adolph Hayne. 7 yrs. 3 rnos. :
Otto W. Moller, 4 yrs.; Johannes E. Moller. 7
vrs.; Wesley L. Marshall. 7 yrs.: Leslie E.
Montrose, 8 yrs. 4 mos. ; Edwin Fisher, 7 yrj ;
Alexander Williams. 8 yrs.: George M.
Adams. 11 yrs.; Nelson J. Adams. 10 yrs.;
Harry Lane. 6 yrs. ; James Adams, 8 yrs. ;
William Adams, 4 yrs., and Clarence Haw-
kins, 7 yrs. - ■
SINCE July 1, IS9B, the orphans admitted Into
St. Francis' Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum,
are as follows: Female— Annetta Antonla, 1
years; Camellia Hawkins, 9; Ada Haley. 9;
Marguerite Kaisar, 6; Carrie B. Pickett, 7;
Pearl Hunter, 10; Katie Riordan. 5. Male-
Harry Antonia, 2 years 3 months; William
Rohllng, 3 months: George Hunter, 2 years
6 months; Harold Hunter, 4 years S months;
Thomas O'Neil, 3: Bert de Shields, 5 years
6 months; Fred de Shields, 3 years 6 months;
Thomas Riordan. 5; Gilbert Cope, 7. Half
orphans— Marguerite Gamerston. 5; Irene
Gam»rston, 9; Catherine Shepherd. 4 years 3
months; Lyda shepherd, 9. Male—
Smith, 10; Osar Smith, 7: Fred Smith, 5
years: Jennie Shihade, 6 years.
SITUATIONS XV ANTED— FEMALK.
WOMAN, with a little girl, desires situation
cooking an.l housework; $10 to $12; city or
country; reference. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
NEAT Swedish girl desires situation: house-
work; $15 to $1S; good cook; best references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Butter et.
WOMAN, with a girl, desires situation; goo.i
cook; best references; country. MISS CLI-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. ■ ■
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse or
housework; $10 to $15; references. . MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
I GERMAN middle-aged woman, good cook and
houseworker, $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st. '
SWEDISH housegirl 3 years last place; city or
country; $20 to $25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter st. • p
GOOD woman wants position as . housekeeper;
Is good cook; good seamstress; would appre-
ciate a good place; none but first-class peo-
ple need apply; city references. Please call
522 Stockton St.
GOOD Amerclan would like to assist in
cooking and general work; sleep home:
good worker; honest and temperate; 75 cents
and car fare. 276 Jessie St., room 1. .
RELIABLE person wishes situation to do
general housework in private family; is
good cook; $10 to $12; flat or cottage pre-
' ferred. Box 1508, Call office. ■ .
GERMAN girl, 30 years old, wishes a situation;
housework and laundress. Apply 1047»4 Fol-
som St., near Seventh. .
YOUNG widow desires position as housekeeper;
city or country; no trlflers. Hlllsdale, - Sixth
: st., room 44. _^r
GERMAN girl wants situation for general
housework; city or country; no postals. 759
Mission st.
GERMAN girl wants position as cook or to do
upstairs work. Call at 209 Eddy st.
YOUNG widow wishes a position as house-
keeper. Call or address 672 Mission et.. r. 3.
A WIDOW, with little girl, 7 years old, would
like a position a* housekeeper; can give best
of reference; kind treatment and and a good
home wanted more than- wages. Call at 161
Chattanooga st., near Twenty-third.
WOMAN desires position to do general house-
work, cooking; by the day. week or month:
will sleep at home: references. Address Box
50. Call branch office. 357 Hayes st.
DANISH girl to do second work or take care
of children; best references. Address 13 Free-
lon St., near Fourth and Brannan.
GERMAN nursery governess would like situa-
tion in private family: best of references.
Box 1417. Call office. , Oakland.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer:
very best of reference given. Apply room
24, Flood building. "
SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes chamberwork
■ or any kind of work by the day or week.
326 Minna st. "■
COMPETENT lady compositor wishes em-
ployment. Box 1415. Call office. -
LADY wishes engagements to put on skirt
braids; 25c per skirt. Call at 1333 Eddy St.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 2uo rooms: 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bac*rscr«» to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED .
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kind-
help. GEO. AOKI. 80 Geary; tel. Grant 5«.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 434.
MAN and wife with practical experience in
caring, cooking and housekeeping for Invalid
gentleman, any ailment, or elderly couple;
thoroughly domesticated; excellent refer-
ence; low wages. G., box 1516, Call office.
YOUNG man, able to correspond In English,
French and German and speaking Russian,
wishes to better his position. 686 Castro at.
STRONG young German desires situation of
any kind; strictly temperate. 282 Seventh St.,
rear house. > '
WANTED by a boy of 17, a position in a
wholesale house; good references. Box 1614,
Call.
CHINESE first-class cook wants place; city or
country. Address 703 Dupont, tel. main 1788.
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper wishes a position;
has best of reference. Address Belmont
House, 1126 Market, room 51.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife, good
cook; man capable of doing any kind of
work; city or country. Address 20 Rondell
place, off Sixteenth st., bet. Valencia and
Mission.
BOY, 16 years, steady and obliging, wishes a
position of some kind; wholesale house pre-
ferred. H. MORRISON, 2406 Poison st.
BUTCHER— Situation wanted by steady man.
as meat cutter; city or country. Box. 1422,
Call. ___^^
SOBER young man wants any kind of work.
Address box 1405. Call office.
WANTED Position as dry goods or clothing
salesman: question of salary settled after
first month; best of references. Box 1401. Call.
RELIABLE person wishes situation at gen-
eral housework in private family: is good
cook; wages $10 to $12; flat or cottage pre-
ferred. Box 1508, Call office.
YOUNG man well known, formerly of Baldwin
Hotel for seven years, would like place In a
first-class saloon to learn •- tend bar. Box
173'<. Call.
BOY of 17 wishes place on ranch; can prune
trees and do ranch work. Box 1511. Call.
HONEST Japanese schoolboy wants place to
work out of school hours. K. ISHIDA, 104
Eleventh St.. Ban Francisco.
YOUNG man as collector, office work or any
position of trust; good security; <_pabl-. 311
Taylor st. .
JAPANESE, honest young boy, desires posi-
tion as waiter, general housework and ex-
| pert plain washing. C. HABATA. 41SA Post.
INDUSTRIOUS gardener. German: understands
the care of horses, cows, flowers, lawn, driv-
ing; private place; handy and willing: small
wages and good home. Box 1438, Call.
SITUATION by German; well acquainted with
grocery and wine business: good barkeeper;
can keep books. Address box 685, Call offioa,
SITUATION wanted by young man In office,
store or hotel; understands 4 languages, book-
keeping and correspondence. Box 1351, Call.
GOOD painter, paper hanger and whltener, hav-
ing complete outfit of tools, wants work; city
or country. MERIQAN. 1302 Webster st.
■___!• WANTED KEUALK
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 189
Want Monday Morning for Hotels
2 waitresses, mime country hotel, $22 50; 1
waitresses, same country restaurant, $20 and
room; waitress, country hotel, $25; chamber-
maid, country hotel. $20. • ire advanced for
all: 3 chambermaids and wait dinner, $20; i
waitresses, $20; 4 waitresses, $15 and $18; res-
taurant wnltreFses. $5 and $6 a week- Ger-
man pantry girls, $15;' ! restaurant cooks: 1
hotel cooks. C. R. HANSEN _ CO 104
Geary _t.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
....Family Help Wanted Monday Morning .
10 cooks, $25; 6 Scandinavian housework girls.
$20 and $25; 7 German housework girls. $20 and
$15; 11 girls for housework, $15; 5 girls to as-
sist. $8 to $12; 5 girls for housework, country
$20; neat girl, care of children and housework!
115; 2 girls, same house, country. $20 and $15
lc.iß.-i HANSEN & ; CO.;, 104 Geary st.
WANTED— American cook. Oakland. $30; cook'
city. $30; laundress and chambermaid. $20;
French girls for housework, $20; German
cooks. $30 and $25; German second. $20- num-
ber of girls for housework and assist. LEOV
ANDRE. 316 Stockton St. . ■
WANTED- German girl for pantry work In an
institution; no experience required- $13 Der
month. W. D. EWER & Co!/ 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Chambermaid for an Institution In
city, nice place, $15 per month: pantry girl
same place, $15. W. D. EWER _ CO. 626
Clay st. j
C 922 X ' k 0; <? cooks, $25 eaeh;~2~second girl.,
$20 each: 6 housework girls, $25 and $20- I
young girls to assist. $15 and $12; middle-aged
.' ■women, country, $20; nuxse_lrl ' *10. _if__
[ NORTON, 313 Butter «, * * Wl UliB>.■•-.:: HELP W.vSTEO- Continued.
--'. .WANTED— A- '.arse number of girts- for^our
. . -..f-I'-iatlons "in city and country as cooks
. ; - ;. housework, waitresses, etc., for Monday. Ai>-
; . ...r-yto J- F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
. CHAMBERMAID and laundress ;~sSs per mo
■ : • ■ I Ii.I.KN. Mi SUtt( at
:; ••BESTAUR.ANT waitress, $S per week! MISS
. ; ,OL'LLIi.N, S3o Sutter st
'. N.UUSE. KS; n-.ai.l and seamstress, willing to
.-.- gravel. $2s ; 10 housework girls, city and
country, JCO aivi j^s; 10 ■work girls ilO
J^ojflS^MlSS CULLEN. 525 3utter st '
. VV'AiTRESS, l^eep hom"e7s2o7~MlSS CULLEnT
r st. i»TT"t
; :^ffl l2^T: MISS
■.■CHAMBERMAID, sleep home. BJ MISS
:■ CULLEN. 828 Sutter et.
:* vNUhSE, country, <15: German governess $25-
-• .' W J ; m ?" w :tl ' a child. $W per month. MISS
• • •...I.ILLEN, S2o Sutter et
-."N'ITAT. sertma girl $15; 2 second girls. ?23 and
■• ?M. MlfaS CILLEN. 325 Sutter st.
' >£■£$£; |5p neat girl, light work. $13. MISS
• ..cL-LLEN. 32* Sutter st.
••■"■Vf'AITRESS. railroad •ing house $20; tralt-
-.- ■. r . e ,v?- T c ' t >'' J2O; waitress, Hanford. $20. MISS
J..LLL.EN, a - j. Sutter st.
MAID and seamstress, $25. MISS CULLEN
". : . - 325 butter st.
COOK, delicacy store, $2C. MISS CULLEN*
.". 320 Putter st.
..•GERMAN cook. S3O; Swedish or French «-jok
... *30- MISS CULLEN 325 Sutter st.
".. HOUSEWORK girls. Pin $20. Suisun $2o"
, San Jose J2O, Stockton $25. MISS CULLEN.
'•;. »25- Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES. $15 per month each, same
hotel. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
./GERMAN or Swedish girl wanted to do light
housework. ZZi Eddy st.
.• '"COOK:. $30; American family of 2. MISS
• •!, .CULLEN. 325 Suter st.
;„ . CHAMBERMAID. $1S: waitress, HO: . cooks.
$25; 3 nurse girls. $15; upstairs girls, $15; 10
° ■ girls £or housework. 631 Larkin st.
•-- . GIRLS at all nationalities wanted at MIS 3
•. . WELLS' Bmp, Of., 1243% Park St., Alameda.
• 'A NUMBER of young girls. Inexperienced, will
• be taken for instruction in our white and
. ° flar.nel shirt department. Standard Shirt Fac-
tory, corner Goush and Grove Ets.
' • NEAT reliable German girl for general house-
■" '. work and plain cooking in family of 4; $15;
V." • ' good steady place. Apply 36 California st.
■ WANTED— Typewriter who takes dictation
•-'.. readily; state salary expected. Address box
. 151 T. Call office.
o" . YOUNG girl to assist in housework; sleep '
home: wages $10. Call bet. 9 and 12. 1624 Post. |
• YOUNG, Wining girl to assist In general
.• -^housework; wages ts. SOS Scott st.
APPRENTICE on custom coats: pay while
..learning. 410 Kearny st.. room 33.
GIRL assist light housework; good home. 1749
Sutter st., near Laguna.
." ERRAND girl for dressmaker. 1037 Post st.
. -WANTED — Girl for general housework. Ap-
•". ■ ply 344 a Twentieth Bt~. corner Capp.
GIRL to learn pants making. 273 Minna st.,
upstairs.
o . WANTED — Good girl for general housework.
'. "V Apply 300* Sixteenth st. above Mission.
. NEAT girl for upstairs work; German pre-
■• ferred. 1130 O'Farrell st.
; •• ■ GIRL wanted to assist in general housework
- and children. Apply 640 Halght- st.
GIRL to assist In housework; wages $10 to $12.
Call 13&6 Fulton st
:-: . WANTED— for houeework; plain cook-
.ing. 1415 California st.
— — 1 .
:, ■•• WANTED— An experienced cook, with best ref^
;'• erences; wages J25. Call at 1307 Gough St..
■ .-. between. 9 and 12. Sunday.
:• ■OPERATORS on white and flannel overshlrU;
a, few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
'•'• "• " LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36^ Fremont St.
. WANTED — Good starch girl on new Work.
•■• ' •'. all to-day, 790 Elizabeth st., bet. 23d and j
■ .• 24th sts., for 2 days.
WANTED— A girl, 16 or 17, plain housework;
no waeh, no children; to sleep home. Call to-
day. 7&0 Elizabeth 6t, bet. 22d and 24th sts.
;• . WANTED — Experienced shirt operators; best
■prices; steady employment. EAGLESON & :
CO.. ?35 Market St. I
OPERATORS on ladies' waists and men's '
• . drilled coats and pants. NEUBAUR BROS.,
Is. First st.
WANTED— A Catholic woman, middle-aged, for \
.housework: without any incunibranoe. Ad- j
dress hex B, Branch Call office. 357 Hayes St. ,
; '-EXPERrENCED -operators on gents' " whlfe
shirts; -steady employment. • 535 Valencia st. \
 WANTED— lady for roadhouse. Box I
, . f ;lS08, Call office.
° o GOOD girl wanted to do general housework,
731 Gre«sn st, near Mason. •-:"*;
 LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
fr*«: patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 10* Post
' . HELP AY ANTED — MALE.
V WANTED — Cook and wife for institution. $60
coc^t and wife, city. $50; colored cook, coun-
N try,', f are advanced; waiters, kitchen men and :
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & C0..62S
Sacraj.~.-:nto st.
WANTED — First-class fruit farmer; miners, j
$2 day and $35 month and board; buggy i
washer. $50; Italian-Swiss milker and others. !
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra- I
mento st. ..: -v-
MURRAY & READY.:. ...PHONE MAIN 5845.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
' WANT MONDAY
Buggy washer. $50 stableman. $40 |
milker and iarm hand, also pruners; 53 j
woodchoppers, $1 CO, $1 and $2 a cord; 45 tie
: '• makers, ec, Jo and 12c each
metal spinner gardener, private
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
PRY GOODS clerk. $50 bakery boy
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
4 BAKERS, $10 and fouijd and $30 and found;
2 butchers
i cooks ...5 waiters 3 dishwashers
MURRAY & READY. 034 and C 36 Clay st.
. |
WANTED— for milk route in city. $35 [
and found: coachman fur gentleman's place i
• ■",n ear city, $30 and found; gardener, small pri- |
vate place in country, $20 and found; ranch .
- •-.:/-■ blacksmith, no shoeing, $30 and board; 2
• • miners, $2 per day: farmers, milkers and
' others. W. D. EV.'ER &. CO.. Of Clay st
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
;. '. and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
• per day and expenses; cash every week; par-
ticulars for 2-cent stamp. CALIFORNIA
' ORANGE SYRUP CO., .San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Experienced operators to sew on
■ # " men's shirts and underwear; a few inexpert
erced will be taught. Apply between 10 a. m.
and 2 p. m. at the L ELKL'S CO.. 29-31 Bat-
tery ■■:.
SALESMAN wanted for coffee and spice
• house: state reference and salary. Address
box 151T, Call office.
GOOD barber partner with $73 wanted; good
cli stand: cigar an>l candy stand connected.
Address HERMAN KOCH, Vallejo. Cal.
WANTED— Young butcher for restaurant 137
Fourth St.
GOOD waiter wanted at 135 Fifth street.
STEADY, reliable German as porter In res-
taurant; good recommendations. ill Larkin.
' OOOD dishwasher wanted at 313 Farrell :
street
. WANTED— Steady man In good paying bus!- j
• neea; small capital. National As-. 7 Grant.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma- i
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried mon between the age« of 21 and 30 '
years, who are citizens of the United States, j
or those who have legally declared their In- j
tention to became such: must be of good char- I
acter and habits and able to speak, read and j
write English, and be between 5 feet 6 Inches j
and 6 feet In height For further Information I
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis st., j
Fan Francisco. Cal.
TO ko this week— 2oo pairs men's shoes, some
. pearly new. from BOe to $1: new shies, slight-
ly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission st.. j
bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays. :
I MEN. attention!— Pacific House, corner Leldes-
dr.rff and Commercial st«s. ; rooms, per night. :
'12^c, 20c and 25c; per week. 75c. $1 and $1 25.
MAN and wife to cook and wait on table on
large farm. Call Monday and Tuesday fore-
nrjens room 5. 122 Market st.
WANTED— Carriage painter; must be good I
*. roller and striper. S2S Harrison st.
YOUNG men, seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths,
.for ships. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MEN to loam barber trade; easy terms. 1542
.Market Et.
• MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
° • Fnuicleeo Barber College, tKVi Eighth st.
•" • BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
'•: TRY Lir.dell House, Sixth and Howard sts.;
• koroughl.y renovated; 200 rms.; 15c, 25c night.
, " ' WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission
' ' St.. men to take rooms: 10c. 15c and -25c per
njght; GCc. Poc and $1 per week.
W.ANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
' runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
. rooms. 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 2Sc per night;. 75c. $1
.tos2 60 per wk. Elcho House, 863% Market st.
' . ' ' ' . i ■ . ■
HELP W., NTED— Continued.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, eunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room ; 25c a night; ?1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 203 rooms. Uc night: reading-room;, free
*buis and haggag* to and from the ferry.
AGE.NTS WAXTKU.
AGENTS Introduce 4 greatest known discov-
eries household articles'*; 3QO to 600 per cent
profit; special offer. Como Mfg. Co., Kansas
City, Mo. _—
PARTNERS WANTED.
A— SISO— PARTNER wanted in wine saloon:
good location and paying business. WILKE
& UNFUC, 956 Market st.
A— ssoo— PA wanted In first-class pay-
ing business on Kearny st; established many
years and no opposition. For particulars call
9fi6 Market St.. WILKE & UNFUG.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— By widow, no children, 2 or 3 un-
furnished rooms north of Market: references;
state terms. Address box 1513, , Call.
MEDICAL.
_ _
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Owyer, formerly of 226 Turk St.. has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should Call on the doctor and state their
cases before going eleswhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 610 Eddy St.. between
Hyde and Larkln.
ALL Ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
fO years' practice: safe and quick care guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent: call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills. II; very strong. $2.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause): safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement: skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk st, near Jones.
ALL cf Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts, as a pre-
ventive- price $1 50 per box, sent free by mail
on receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant
aye.. S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female troubles: no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician: safe and
sure; no medicines or Instruments used: con-
sultation free; pills and capsules. $1: cure. $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER, tU Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; no instruments used; guaranteed cure
at office, $s; travelers helped instantly: consult
free; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL, 1122 Market bet Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— Ladies in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free: reliable, safe and sure; cure in 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints: no instru-
ments; maternity home: best medical at-
tendance: cure $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to IS62A Mkt. bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe-
cialist: all monthly Irregularities restored;
whatever cause: all cases relieved Immediate-
ly; call or write: confidential. 1023% Market.
ALLmarried ladles know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. -.Oe Clay st;
$1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 531 X st. Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
MRS. L. S. EURT. massage and electric treat-
ments; positive cure for nervousness, neural-
gia and rheumatism. 355% S. Spring. Los A.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium — Ladles cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue av.,Los Angeles.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 164 Second st. : tel. Green 52.
INSTANT relief for moruhlv troubles, etc. ; $5;
Dr. and Mrs. Wise. .1118 Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geo!.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, .typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and" evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
A SINGING and operatic training school, Paris
graduate; classes now forming; term, 6 mo.,
$7a piano: languages, French and Spanish,
course, $39; special training during second
term for Paris Exposition, 1900. Rooms 6 and
20. Mercantile bldg., 630 Golden Gate aye.
ROBERT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical Short-
hand and Typewriting School: court reporter
17 years: pupils qualified to be court reporters;
terms reasonable: special evening speed class.
Parrott building, rooms 430-31-32.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms: low rat»s; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE.
1236 Market st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market at.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc.; life
scholarship. $50: low rates per week and mo.
PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission, nr. Sixth— Violin,
mandolin, jrultar. juvenile class, $1 monthly:
guitarists wanted for mandolin club; no dues.
A LADY teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly:
EOc hour; excellent pianist & accompanist for
entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavla st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arehit. : day & eve.:
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 533 Market.
40 CENTS a lesson by experienced piano teach-
er. Box 1412, Call.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory In
Lelpsic; lessens. 75c. 110 Hyde st , ,■ •
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano. Cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 8941 24th st
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr, 672 Parrott bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1. per year.
, . DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlor— work at
lowest prices. Full set of teeth $5 up; fillings.
25c up. All work absolutely painless; written
guarantee: painless extraction by electricity
our specialty; ten skilled operators; no stu-
dents; the largest and handsomest dental par-
lors west of Chicago; open evening and all
day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market eta.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber: full eel of teeth. $5; crowns, $3: 811-
Ings. 50c; teeth without plates - a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work, no * udent.- employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL net of teeth. $5; . see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. BOc; crowns. $3 50; all
v.xrk painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell St.. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2. bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings, 25c; 22k. gold
crown*, $3: gold bridge, $5; plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN -
TISTS. 963 Mission Et.. cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market at. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
rßsclalty; all work reasonable: gas given.
COLTON Dental Association, 806 Market ' at.
Pit. CHARLEB *?. DECKER.
SET of tetth without a plate. DR. H. Q.
• YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. -. ..
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4; filling, gold. 50c; »Uver. 25c: crowns. $3.
C "JU*ET CLEAM.NG.
CITY Steam i Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mkt.,
IS and 40 Eighth St. ; telephone South 2.'0.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINGR Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. 3. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at $c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 544.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
st,: cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.. tel. East 126. ■- ■■- . . .. ..
TYPEWRITERS. ~~~
AH typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25; Callgraph, $1*: Yost. $25;
: get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery at.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDJVY, JANUARY 16, 1899.
..JSIXE^S CHANCES.*
A^STOOO;~CORNER 18 living
rooms; rent $4.3; .established 25 years; full
value In eight; choice location: north of Mar-
ket st. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
A— $1800; CORNER grocery and bar in Western
Addition; established 8 years; doing a busi-
ness from $900 to {1200 a month. M. LESS.
765 Market st. _^_
$425 CANDY, cigars and"-branch bakery and
living rooms; old-estabHshe"d business: north
of Market; bears Investigation. M. LESS. 765
Market st. > ■
$125— GROCERY and bar; 4 rooms: rent $18;
owner there 15 years. LESS, 765 Market st.
RESTAURANT: principal street; estab-
lished 25 years; receipts $14; 4 living rooms;
partners cannot agree; genuine offer; investi-
gate. LESS, 765 Market st. - - ■
A— $1800; FIRST-CLASS restaurant; north of
Market st, vicinity large public building,
where thousands pass daily; receipts $40 to
$50; cause sale, owners going East. M. LESS, ;
7C5 Market st.
A— s4oo; PARTNER wanted in old-established
commission business; first-class; paying. Call
WILKE' 4 UNFUG. 906 Market st. ' '
A— s4so; CORNER grocery and bar on Folsom
st.: living rooms; rent $25; must be sold in 3
days; owner called to New York City at
once; a sacrifice. WILKE UNFUG. 906
Market st.
GENERAL merchandise store, connected with
postofflce in lively country town; no oppo-
sition; building, two lots 25x150, $2000; stock
of mdse about $3000; a rare chance; fullest in-
vestigation given. Call WILKE & UNFUG. ;
$06 Market st.
A— s7so: CORNER grocery and bar, with living I
rooms; rent $25: choicest location In Mission; |
nr 16th st.: fine bargain; owner to leave for
Australia. WILKE & UNFUO, 906 Market st. j
i A— SSOO— SALOON and cardroom; $15 dally; will j
I give trial. KREi>O & CO., 224 Geary st.
I A— s4so— BAZAAR; large stock hardware,
crockery, etc.; cheap rent; living rooms.
KREDO & CO., ZV.j Geary at.
i A— SIOOO— BEST restaurant: near Market; $60
' daily; large, steady trade. KREDO & CO..
| 2214 Geary st.
i A— S42SO— DRUGSTORE; fine opportunity for
; doctor; $40 daily. KREDO & CO., 22',» Geary.
I A— TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
I apply to MOON & CO.. 1008^ Market st.
| A— SOBER, steady man wanted In estab- j
lished business; pays $75 a month to each
: yearly. MOON & CO., IPOS* Market st
! A— HALF cash: old-established business;
i good team; will clear $125 a month; full in-
.vestlgation. MOON & CO.. IOOSVfe Market st. j
I $125— CORNER fruit stor". Western Addition; ;
rent $12; living rooms; owner 3 years. STEN-
BERG CO.. 26% Kearny st.
i FINE corner saloon; Mission; old estab-
lished; doing good business. STENBERG
CO., 26% Kearny st.
j GROCERY; neat place; good business $ £00 I
Branch bakery $100, $125. $200 27a
i Grocery and bar $125. $150. $250 up to 1000 ,
I Saloons $50, $100. $300, $400, $600 800 j
H. WEHNER & CO.. 1027% Market St.
| $600— RESTAURANT; 25c meal; fine location;
doing good business; party go to Europe.
i BASILS, &37% Market st. ■. .- .
j $123— OYSTER and chop house; pays well; bar-
gain to-day. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
CIGAR store for sale at a bargain. 433 Hayes
' street. ' >, '• i
| SALOON at a bargain. 651 Mission Bt. ; no j
; agents wanted. • '
• $300 WILL buy notion, stationery, cigar and to- j
bacco store; confectionery, branch bakery find i
circulating library; low rent and 5 sunny liv-
ing rooms. 1151 Mission at. ■
j OLD-ESTABLISHED shoe store; between $3000
1 and $1000 sto^k on hand; will sell very -rea-
-able; owner going out of business; 50 miles
east of Sacramento. For further information
Inquire at 209 Mason st. ' '
LADY with $150 can,,, secure partnership In a j
flrst-clase summer hotel; 30 furnished rooms; i
old established and fashionable; Investigation I
Invited. Address box 1421. Call office, , !
WANTED— responsible and live promoter to
push a big deal with millions In sight Ad-
dress or see C. W. HALL, Grand Hotel, city.
BAKERY in Redwood City; good outside and
inside trade; 4 horses, 2 wagons; fine stock;
a bargain; account of sickness. Apply Call.
♦ FOR sale— A good harness business in a lively
town. Address JOHN ROCCA. Jamestown, i
Tuolumne Co., Cal. __^ i
BRANCH bakery, with 3 living rooms; |
rent $10; call to-day; no agents. 1000 Larkln. j
j BEACH hotel to' lease; furnished: can be made !
! family hotel. UMBSEN. 14 Montgomery st. !
■ SHOE shop, doing good business; cheap rent; j
business locality; reasonable. 332 Bush st.
: FOR sale— Cigar store; % rooms; rent $5. 1739
Mission st. .... ts \ . .
A— s2oo; SALOON, 2 cardrooms; rent $15; must
j sell to-day. 306 Minna st.
| $350 CASH will buy a saloon and boarding-
I hou6e. Address box 1427. Call office.
GROCERY and bar at bargain; leaving city.
Call at 2029 Mission st
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
,W. CASWELL ft CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st
LODGI.V- HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO 22^j Geary st.
• ■ Money Advanced on All Houses. .
110 rooms; clears $300) yearly $4000
I 60 rooms; Third st; corner 2ia<)
I 54 rooms; best on Fourth st 2SOO
46 rooms; Stockton; clears $150 1500 |
30 rooms; Kearny; offices 2200
22 rooms; Market; all full 1200 1
19 rooms; Mason; clears $50 month. 350 i
14 rooms; O'Farrell; central; cheap rent. 690 i
12 rooms; Van Ness: boarding: elegant.... S5O
11 rooms; nicely furnished; Second — 200
10 rooms; new and good, with piano — 800 !
10 rooms; Taylor, clears $30 325
A— s4ooo; 240 rooms; guaranteed to clear $330 |
per month: trial given. KREDO & CO.
| 20-ROOM house: rent $50 $ 750
6-room flat; rent $22 250
14 rooms; on gutter st 450 j
i M rooms; reduced from $5000 t0...... 2500 1
12 rooms: on Market St.; rent $40 450 |
10-room house; only, 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 550
Abstracts furnished showing clear title.
No contract from buyer or seller required.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st % -
FURNITURE of 7 rooms; good condition;
owner leaving; $150. 560 Minna, 2 to 4 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSE, 31 rooms; all light rooms;
$750. 739 Folsom st.
$75— BRANCH bakery and delicacies, notions.
toys: worth $150; rr.u«t sell. JONES, 565 Mkt.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. ST-LT.T.VAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
- WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
! 100 SET second-hand harness: wagons, carts.
buggies, surreys and, hnrEea. • 1140 Folsom Bt
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-187 Fremont st.
$16— LATEST style Singer tailor machine;
large oak table: must sell. SI2A Filbert st.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash register, j
scales, coffee mills, etc., bought and sold; es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission.
; KARAT stone gem In ring and stud for $40;
match It for less than $S0 and it Is yours
without charge. UNCLE HARRIS; 15 Grant.
FOR SALE— Cigar store or factory. 132 Ninth
street. '
FOR SALE— store and factory. 132 Ninth
street. '
PIGEONS— 6OO fine pigeons: mated; squabs;
coops, boxes, etc. ; cheap. 611 Turk st
COW for sale; cheap. 4509 Eighteenth' st.
HOLSTEIN family cow for sale cheap. 190
Preclta aye., off Mission.
•BRANCH bakery; SSO; 3 living rooms con-
nected with it: rent $10; call to-day; no
| agents. 911% Larkin st. I \
I BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, etore and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
• NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 | Mission St..
above Sixth. I ,
FIRST-CLASS 2 h. p. gas engine: Improved pa- I
tent sparker; guaranteed. 648 Mission; cheap. i
TOOLS & machinery; every description, bought,
sold & exchanged; send postal. 84$ Mission.
GASOLINE launch; good condition and fast;
price $1250. Box 1301. Call office.
FOR bolting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys.
etc:, Cal. Belt Co.. tel. Br. 331. 619 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting, : dynamos;
second hand. . WHITE'S. 516-518-620 Mission.
6AFFS— The Herrmann Safe Co. moved to 1 417-
-423 Sacramento st. \ . .
BAKES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original coat. 109-111 Market. S. F.
ONE and 7 bowl barber waxhstands. - cheap.
HTTFSOFrMTDT, fit Golden Gate a.T«.
SEWIXG . MACHINES.
ft MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought, sold, . exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. ' 205 Fourth st.
- - I'HYSICIAJIs7~~ ~~~~
j REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O"Donnell. offlc*
{ and residence. 1021% Market, bet. «th and 7th.
PERSONALS.
NOTICE"! " ' " P
WM. ' EHRENPFORT
RETIRING SALE.
The old-established house of Wm. Ehrenp-
fort offers its stock of CARPETS, LINO-
LEUMS, WINDOW SHADES, ETC.. at a
sacrifice. -This well-known firm has been In
business 45 years, and its reputation for hlgii-
grade goods and low prices have been exceled
by none. MR. EHRENPFORT announces to
his friends and patrons that all the stock
must be disposed of within 10 days. This
sale means the. positive closing of the old re-
liable house located at 1323 Market st.
LEDERER'S Qulnonia is In great demand as
a hair tonic: beautifies the hair; only 35c a
bottle. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
LATEST modes and styles In halrdressing 1 . 25c;
try me and see; switches, $1 up; LEDERER'S
FOAMO, fine shampoo, 5e package. G. LED-
ERER, the hairdresser, 123 Stockton st.
JOHN— Have you tried that 25c dinner at the
Ralston? Salad, soup, fish, chicken,- roast
goose, asparagus, icecream, English walnuts,
good wine, black coffee and cognac It's a
COc dinner for 2oc. The Ralston, 783 Market
ELECTRIC lights in every room; .Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PARTIES with $5 00 to $500 to join advertiser
in opening sanitarium . for cure . chr".nlc
diseases; entirely new enterprise. Address
box 1509. Call office, -
ARTISTIC bamboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tall; all kinds fancy work to order. K.
YOSHITANI & CO.. 313 Sutter st
JAPANESE goods, bamboo furniture, Spanish
drawn work, wholesale and retail. Okuno
Company. 507 Larkin st.
JlM— Lost your letter: want to hear from you.
L. DEAN. 1035 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. KATE BLAIR, scientific palmist, 143
Phelan building, third floor.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
THE MODERN. 31 4th. nr. Mkt.— Baths, l*He;
separate entrance for ladles; first-class.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price: postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKS, 1416 Sth at.. Alameda,
SUITS- to order on easy installments. L
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS. -
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week; perfeot fitting
patterns. McDowell School, 103 Post st.
SILK or cloth dress made, $5 to $0; dress made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME.GOLDSTEIN.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
LEARN sewing at Kelster's system; free this
week only. 424 Geary st ■ '
____________
SPIRITUALISM.
ADVICE and Assistance for All.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 and upward.
Reveals your life from cradle to grave.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," - registered and copyrighted. cur<»
all diseases en earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and n;i-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole flope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
Corner Market. Mason and Turk sts.
ATTENTION— you want to see a medium
see the best; tells everything; valuable In-
formation given to users of morphine: 6 ques-
tions by mall 11. LEANDER. 313 Eddy st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
. life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
-- vate, chronic and .obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sitting* 11. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. MEN A '•■ S-RAWCES. Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. TO.;
Mon. 8; 25c; sittings $1.-233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
•in San Francisco., at 1Q23 1 ? Market st., bet.
■ Sixth and Seventh,; while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove influence, bad habits; will
* give correct information on law suits, sick-
ness, death, divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by-
... mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. PR. F. CLARK, 10234 Mkt.
MME. L. DAVIS, the great palmist and card
reader, returned from the East; can be con-
sulted In all affairs, marriage, loss of love,
etc.: hours, 9-12, 2-8 p. m. 260 Golden Gate ay.
CLAIRVOYANT, 24 Page st. near Franklin;
satisfaction guaranteed or no pay. MRS. M.
A. KNAPP. «--»■--». -«-> — -
YOUR future told by cards: 25 cents. 1045
Mission St., Mon., Wed. and Fridays.
CONSULT the lucky medium. 343 1£ Minna
street.
CLAIRVOYANT, cardreader, 10c; ladles only.
543 Natoma st, bet.- 6 and 7. - -
REMOVED— Mme. Lenemar, fortunes by plan-
ets. 472 Stevenson st., cor. 6th, room 4.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future: 25c 14S 6th, rm. 10.
GYPSY life reader, of 3 7th St., now 928 Mis-
sion, bet sth and 6th; 25c and 50c: no sign.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist,
101 Eddy and 13 Mason st.. parlor 3.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2Sc up. S Fourth st.
EVELYN FOWLER, mind reader and palm-
ist Call 120 Ellis St., room 4.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE. card reading. 417
Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an offlef at SIS O'Farrell.
MISICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 60 per month rent; new pianos,
j Heine upright $2»5 00
Stelnway upright 187 50
Chickerlng upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115.00
Knabe upright 275 00-S, - .^ v
And over 20 bargains /from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of . •-'
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO.,
' 136 Ellis St., Y. M. C A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Eta., San Francisco, and Thirteenth • and
Broadway, Oakland. '
A LIST OF A FEW GENUINE BARGAINS—
Rogers & Bacon, upright; good order $95
Neuman, upright; thoroughly repaired..., 145
Henry Miller, upright; cabinet grand 190
Chlckering. upright; good as new, 235
All guaranteed: sold on easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. Chlckering Agents,
16 O'Farrell st. -
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE 1
26, 2S and 80 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
THE best bargains In the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
FINE Hardman, Haielton, Hallet & Davis and
Fischer cheap for cash. Room 12, Flood bide.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st, agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 1«
McAllister St.. next Hlbernta Bank. .
BOHMER pianos are the best BYRON
■ MAUZY. Sole Agent, 308 Post at. - .
A FINE Stelnway and new Chickerlng upright
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
.Mauzy. 308 Poet st. :
HAINES Bros." j and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Pout
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell at. . t
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
_-___-___ __
LUST.
Yesterday. Saturday, a very small white
dog, with yellow or tan spots on his body
and head; named Jumbo. Liberal reward
paid for his return to 1 Fifth et. . ■ |
LOST— Knights Templar charm. : Suitable ' re-
ward will be paid at the Call office. :
LOST— Big dog: looks like tiger or zebra, Re-
ward at 1832 Pacific St. ■■'■" ■ ■
. STORAGE.
A NEW fireproof brick bid*. ; cut rates. BCR2B;
NER & CO.. 1145 Mission St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
"JPIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving I Co."
.: Office 401 Post «t. Mr; Powell; fl. Main STIX .
V - OFFICES TO LEr."~
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market at.—
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $11 54
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room *10.
A BUNNY corner. i suitable for offices; single
or culte. 1208 Market st., cor. Golden Gate.
HOUSES TO LET.
ELLIS House of 7 rooms and bath. In-
quire at 626 Eddy st.
GOLDEN GATE AYE.. 120«, near Webster—
rooms and bath; modern house; rent $45.
ASHTON & GARDINER.
HOUBES to let; all parts of city; send for
! printed circular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14
I Montgomery st.
JONES, 1709, near Broadway — sunny rooms
and yard; rent reasonable.
PERP.YI 21JH— Bay-window house. 4 rooms;
rent. $12 60; water free. Apply to O. H.
UMBSEN & CO.. Incorporated.
HOUSES to let. for the New Tear by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 3 rooms, with stable. Apply
BCSH Union st.
SUNNY bay-window cottage, 5 rooms; flat 6
rooms, bath, cheap. 1876 loth st, nr. Dolores.
I COTTAGES of 4 and 5 rooms, large yards
and sheds. Apply at S. E. cor. Twenty-
seyenth and Folsom sts. ■
~~ FLATS TO LET.
A — 4T FLATS, 3 to 4 rms., $6 to $10; 10 days free.
A— flats, sto 8 rooms. $11 up; 10 days free.
A— lo rooms, $25 up. SPECK & CO., 602 Mkt.
ALMOST new flat; 5 large sunny rooms, bath.
store room. 27 Elgin Park, near Market st.
FLATS to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN^&HOWEL|L 10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath. SO4 Minna St..
near Tenth. ■■
j HOWARD, Sunny bay-window flat of i
I rooms and bath; cheap.
MCALLISTER, 1723, near Broderjck— S rooms
and bath; modern style; rent. $25. ASHTON
& GARDINER.
POWELL, near Pine— Elegantly furnished up-
per flat; 6 rooms and bath. Box H5O. Call.
SEVENTH. 454. cor. Bryant— A sunny 5-room
flat; apply between 1 and 3.
STEVENSON. 427, between Fifth and Sixth— 2
convenient flats. Apply rear or 705 Oak st.
SUNNY finely finished flats; 6 "and 7 rooms,
baths and large basements; 721 Fourteenth st..
near junction Market and Fillmore fits.: rents
SIS an.d $20.. : , _
SUNNY modern lower flat; 5 rooms and bath.
224 Diamond St.. above Nineteenth.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A SUITE of 2 nice largs sunny rooms, kitchen
and bedroom, furnished complete for house-
keeping, $1 50 per week; no children. Apply
at shoe store, 562 Mission St.. between First
and Second ets.
' CLAY. 2419. near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water: rear; $7.
EDDY, Nicely furnished suite; housekeep-
ing; complete; also single rooms; private.
EIGHTH. 217— Front sunny suite, $12; front
room, $5; bath and housekeeping privileges.
FIFTH, 853— Clean, sunny, furnished 3-room
flat, $20; also 3, $12; 2, $12; single, $5.
I FOLSOM, 863— Large sunny bedroom, adjoining
kitchen; yard; complete housekeeping.
GOLDEN Gate aye., 336— Nice sunny front
room; near City Hall; light housekeeping.
HOWARD, 829— Rooms. $1 to $5; per night, 25c
to $1; also housekeeping.
LEAVENWORTH, 1503, near Jackson—
. sunny furnished rooms; $10; bath.
MCALLISTER, 422— Sunny front room, with
kitchen.
NATOMA, 638B— Nice furnished room for house-
keeping; private family.
NINTH, 20, near Market— 2 sunny connecting
rooms: gas: water; stove; $11.
SIXTH, 216Vr^Nlce large sunny front rooms
for light housekeeping; reasonable; adults.
; SIXTH, — 2 sunny connecting rooms; stove;
| everything convenient: $10.
THIRD, 308 Sunny front rooms; single or
double; furnished complete; housekeeping;
. low rent. ,
TURK, 35 — Furnished rooms, single or en suite;
also 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms.
VAN NESS aye., Parlor; sunny front suite
2 or 3 rooms; kitchen; gas range.
WASHINGTON, 2So7— Upper floor of 3 large
sunny housekeeping rooms and bath; rent $16.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT HA Geary— Good rooms and beds for $1 per
week; also sunny suite; cheap.
ASH aye.. 12, near Larkin— Light, airy fur-
nished room; private family; cheap.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
- In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
j single; facing plaza; day or month.
BIRCH aye.. 507 A. near Octavia— Nice bay-
window room; furnished or unfurnished;
rent $8.
BALBOA. The— lo49A Market Suites, $15
per mo. upward; $1 per day; elevator; tel.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week: open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BURNETT. 1364 Market st— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and. single also, unfurnished.
CHESLEY. 68, between Seventh and Eighth— 4
rooms to let and also a stable: rent $10.
CLAYTON, 412, nr. Golden Gate Park— Parlor
suite; grate; running water. '
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double ims. ; $3, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118 — Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
EDDY, 313 — Nice sunny room; running water;
suitable for 2 gentlemen.
FIFTH. 4JB (Mechanics' House)— Rooms, single
or suite. $1 wk. up; transient. F. W. Gardener,
FILLMORE, 1100—3 elegant sunny corner rooms,
suitable for light housekeeping or professional
office.
FOLSOM, 776^ — Large furnished front room,
with grate; cheap.
FURNISHED— single rooms for rent. Ap-
ply 2929 Sixteenth bet. Mission and Howard.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. Handsomely fur-
nished front room; grate; running water; pri-
vate family; reasonable.
GOLDEN West Lodging House, 439 Jackson St.,
bet. Montgomery and Sansome; rms. at 10c.
lie and 20c per day; $1 per wk.. $3 per mo.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
. Mission— Pleasant funny rooms; en suite and
tingle; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE, 417%— 2 unfurnished front rooms to
let. . •
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $8 per week.
HAMPTON place, off Folsom, bet. Second. and
Third— sunny rooms; yard; bath.
HOWARD. 1343, near Tenth— 2 large unfur-
nished front rooms, with bath; cheap.
HOWARD, 1800. corner Fourteenth— S sunny
bay-window rooms; rent $7.
JONES, 117— Nicely furnished sunny front bay-
window lai<^> rm. ; light housekpg privileges.
MASON, 225— Nicely furnished sunny single
room; $2 per week up.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room: $1 per veek: transient.
MISSION, 2533— Partly furnished 8 roams; mod-
ern conveniences; warm belt; suitable for
doctor. - '
NATOMA, 81— Sunny front room; also house-
keeping rooms; single rooms; $1 a week up;
respectable. - __ ____
NEW elegantly furnished rooms for gentlemen;
a nice home; reasonable. 534 Turk st.
OAK, 130— Sunny furnished front room In a
, private family; upstairs.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
PINE, 514 A. near Kearny — Nicely furnished
eunny rooms; single or en suite; moderate.
POST, 1037— Sunny furnished room.
SHERMAN Apartment House. IS Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. •
SIXTH, 186— Large front parlor, suitable for
dressmaker; double room for light housekpg.
SUTTER 1111— Clean and comfortable rooms;
single and en suite: reas.: housekeeping.
ROOMS \M> BOARD. j
BOARD ! and room ■In private family, $1? up;
Ellis and Leavenworth «ts. Box 1738. Call.
SuSH, 584— Nawly furnished sunny suites a.nd
- single rooms, with or without board; reason-
able. ,; .-. . : ■ ■ ill j ■ - " -■■ L_
FIRST, 416— Swedish private boarding-, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite. |
HOTEL Falrmount. 1714 Market— new
■ furniture; first class In every respect: tabs*
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for S. $50 a month up.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms: ex-
■ cellent board: reasonable: table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED. *
CHILD • boarded reasonable. Address box 1408,
Call office.
STORES TO LET.
PACIFIC, 324 and 325, corner Sansome—
• handsome stores; very cheap. ' • ' :- v
STORE, 2 show-windows; 2 living rooms;
-cheap. Address 1300 Howard st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$20 MONTHLY will buy a new 7-room and bath
cottage with all the latest Improvements:
only one block from the electric cars. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st. ,
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up; repair
work done; will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY,
Builder. 521 X St.. Sunset District.
$3000— BARGAIN; flats of 5 rooms, bath each;
rent $31; lot 30x90. Owner, 3019 Buchanan st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
GOVERNMENT lands located; scrip or home-
stead; entry. For apply to J. C.
RICE, between 3 and 5 p. m., at surveyor's
office, 11 Montgomery st. • -
4fl ACRES rich fruit and grain land; line dis-
trict near San Francisco; bargain. H., box
1292. Call office. '
FOR Country home of F. 9. Wemtn-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
'■ A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. 11 per year,
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
TO exchange — and lot In San Jose or in
Santa Cruz, for like property in Oakland or
A lam-da. Add. J. R. LENOX, box 1404. Call.
MONEY TO LOAN. - -
ACKNOWLEDGED to be responsible, respect-
able and reliable; loans : .ade on diamonds,
jewels, stocks, bends and all articles of value;
lowest Interest; private entrance and room;
perfect secrecy;' phone Brown 323; our own
building; established 1851. UNCLE HAR-
RIS. 15 Grant aye. :
WANTED— Vacant lot or land, value $1000.
exehanee for Castro st. business property,
$3600; mortgage, $1600.
$4500— Sutler st. business property and large
corner lot. Mission, exchange for 2 flats,
Western Addition; will pay $2000 difference. I.
SCHARFF. 20 Montgomery st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; tel. Main 1644. -
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. ■ New Era Loan 1 Co., 1003H Broadway,
Oakland. Hours. 10 to S.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission: $35 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell St.
ANY amount of fi ; per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLqAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
LOANS to salaried people; any proposition
considered. C G. TAYLOR, Chronicle build-
ing, room 76. ■ • .-;■ .
A. M. SPECK _ CO., 602 Market St., loan on
real estate, chattels, advance rents, eta 1
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. a Mason st.; opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK. 11« McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. i-'2<t Market st.
$50 TO SXO.OOO; lowest rates: Ist and 2.1 mortg.:
mv lirnrnsitlnn. T)rvd°n. 41* Montgomery at.
~, FINANCIAL.
WANTED— Interested In 2 valuable ad-
vertising Inventions (patented); want re-
sponsible party to form company to handle
them. Address box 1437, Call office.
NOTES discounted; loans- negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 82S Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURXJ>HED ROOMS „
SUNNY furnished rooms; single or en suite;
also for housekeeping. -418 Twelfth St., Oak-
land.
OAKLAND FLATS FOR SALE.
TWO modern fiats of 6 rooms each at a bar-
I gain on easy terms: well rented. Apply box
642. Call Office. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIRXITIRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. BCHE_L-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh »t. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
. ALAMEDA REAL ESTATES. 1
$800—60x125 LOT on San Antonio aye.
$1100—50x288 'lot on Benton St., near Santa
Clara aye.
$1500— New 5- room cottage, on Grand st. ; work
J all done.
$2500— house. 8 rooms; windmill : and
I tank.
$3500—60x150 elegant new house, 8 rooms:
modern; at Morton-st. station; easy terms.
Bargains In all parts of Alameda. Office
open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
IEOO Park ft..' Alameda.
HEKK__. V REAL ESTATE.
$1750— A lovely little home; house of 5 rooms;
bath; large, lot; street work all done: near
the station: any reasonable terms. JOS. J.
MASON, Real Estate. Berkeley Station,
A VERY sensible New Year's present— A love-
• ly cottage of 7 rooms; all the latest Improve-
ments; street work all done and near the
university; a regular poem. J. J. MASON.
real estate. . Berkeley station.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. .G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, &50 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce, law. private estates. J.
B. EVANS, 14 McAllister St., room 64.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St. X
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice ; open evgi. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkin
L. S. CLARK— Spreckels blag.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free: no fees In advance.
r PROPOSALS. .
BAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. December 19. IS9B—
■ Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will bs re-
ceived here until 12 o'clock m., January 18,
IS&S, and then .opened, ■ for construction of a
garbage . cremator , at Presidio of San Fran-
clcco, Cal. Government' reserves right to re-
ject or accept any or all bids in whole or In
■ part. Preference given to. articles of do-
mestic production, conditions of price and
quality (Including In the price of foreign
productions the duty thereon) being equal,
and such pr«»fer*n<*» «-!'--ri to art!rVs of
American production produced on the Pacific
Coast to extent of consumption required by
-• the public service there. Information fur-
nished on application to undersigned. En-
velopes containing proposals should be In-
dorsed "Proposals for Cremator at Presidio
of San Francisco, Cal.," and addressed to J.
M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster Gen-
eral. Chief Q. M.
: BIRTBS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS!"
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
I Indorsed with the name . and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COYLE— South San .Francisco, January 5,
1599. to the wife of Frank Coyle. a son.
JACOBS— In Oakland, January 14, 1599, to the
wife of A. Jacobs, a daughter.
"'""" ' . ■ DIED.~
Anselmi, Joseph MeGillveray. Angus
Barlow. Bertha McGloin, Daniel
Clifford, Sylvia H. 'McGowan. Mary J.
Costello. William C. . Mazzini. Anacleta
".-Combs. Mrs. Anna Meinecke. Mrs. P.
Denegri, G. B. Reynolds, John
Dermody, .Francis A. Riatau, Louise
Eyre, Edward E. - Rossel. Christiana
Fay, Annie E. M. Schrlebar. Albert R. !
Frame, George W. Scott. Emma T.
Gerloff, Fritz H. J. Spiegel. Lily A.
Hammond. Oliver P. Stewart, Minnie
Heller, Emanuel M. - Toohey. Patrick :
Lake. Myra C. , White, Timothy
ANSELMI— In Gilroy, January 13, 1899, Joseph
Anselml, father of Albert and Lizzie An-
selml, a native of Switzerland, aged 57 years.
BARLOW— In this city, January 15, ISS9, Ber-
t ha, beloved daughter of Henry and Emma
Barlow, a native of Australia, aged 16 years
and 8 months. :; ' :
CLIFFORD— In this efty. • January IS. 1899.
. Sylvia Ha.mblln, 1 beloved - wife of George B.
. Clifford, and mother of W. A. and Cr, B.
Clifford Jr. and Mrs. W. C. Riley, a native
of Sandwich, .Mass... aged 64 years 6 months
and 2. days. 1 (Boston.. Lynn and Sandwich.
Mass., and Napa City, Cal., papers please I
copy.)
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral services i
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock, at her
late residence, 134 Liberty street. Interment j
private at Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via elec- I
trie funeral car. - . :
COSTELLO— In this city. January 15, 1899,
William C. beloved husband of Bridget CO3-
-tello, and father of Lillie M. Costello, a na-
tive of Gray Bridge, County Limerick. Ire-
land, aged 49 years. A member of Leo As-
sembly No. 4, Catholic Union.
* ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock; from his late resi-
dence. 215 Twelfth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COMBS— this city, January 15, 1599, Mrs.
Anna, beloved wife of Jonathan Combs, and
sister of Henry Rose, a native of Germany,
aged 72 year* and 10 months. (Mount Pul-
aski. 111., papers please copy.) _■.
Remains at the parlors of the Golden
Gate Undertaking , Company. 2429 Mission
street; to be shipped to Pulaskl. 111.
i DENEGRI-In this city, January 14. 1839. G. 8.,
j dearly beloved husband of Maria Denegrl,
i and father of Andrew, Antone, Irene, Romil-
j da, X>iamo, Richard, Elvira and Elena Dene-
gri. a native of Italy, aged 52 years and 6
months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at B:3J o'clock, from bis late resi-
dence, 731 Vallejo street, thence to Ets. Peter
and Paul's (Italian) Church, where a solemn
. requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
I , repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock,
j thence to Holy Cross Cemetery for interment.
i DERMODY— In this city. January 14. lv.
Francis A., dearly beloved son of James P.
; and Margaret Dermody, and beloved brother
j Of Willie E., Arthur P., James F. and Annlt
Derraody. a native of San Francisco, aged
! 9 years 1 month and 14 days.
IT7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
; of her parents, 609»4 Grove street, thence to
1 Sacred Heart Church for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
! EYRE— In this city. January 15, 1899, Edward
Engle Eyre, a native of Chester, Pa., aged
j 75 years and 5 months.
I Funeral services will be held to-morrow
j (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, at his late residence,
I 2336 Pacific avenue. Interment private.
I Please omit flowers.
I FAY— In this city, January 15. 1599, at her
: residence, 1130 Vallejo street, Annie E. M..
■ deafly beloved daughter of Peter and Mary
I A. Fay, a native of San Francisco.
Notice of funeral hereafter. Please omit
j flowers."
! FRAME— In this city, January 15, UN, George
.W., dearly beloved husband of Fannie Frame,
I beloved father of George W., Elding O. and
Herrman W. Frame, and brother of Eliza-
beth Sanonden of Pine Bush, Orange County.
N. V., a native of New York, asced £3 >pa.rs
8 month* and 19 days. (New York papers
please copy.)
GERLOFF— In this city. January 15, 1399, Frit*
Helnrich John, beloved son of Gustave and
Emilia Gerloff, and brother of Martha and
Louisa Gerloff. a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years 2 months and 6 days'.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 1122 Lake street,, corner Thir-
teenth avenue. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
. tery.
HAMMOND— In Byron, Cal., January 14, 1899.
Oliver P., beloved son of the late William
P. and Emily Hammond of Napa. and beloved
brother of Dr. James W. Hammond of Byron.
Harry T. Hammond of San Francisco and
Mrs. Lydia R. Turner of Stockton, a native
of Wisconsin, aged 40 years.
HELLER— Ih this city. January . 15, 1899,
Emanuel M.. beloved husband of Belle Hel-
ler, father of Barbette and Leonard G. Hel-
ler, and son of the late Martin and Barbette
Hejler, aged 41 years and 6 months.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
LAKE this city, January 15, 1599, Myra C.
Lake, aged 76 years and 5 months.. -
McGILLVERAY— In. this city, January 13. IS??,
Angus, dearly beloved husband of Sarah M.
McGlllveray, and father of William, Katie,
Margie and Mary McGUlveray, a native of
Scotland, aged 54 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), from his late residence, 8 Vir-
ginia avenue. ! between " Twenty-ninth and
Thirtieth streets, thence to St. Paul's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass -will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McGLOIN— In this city, January 14. 1599, Dan-
iel, beloved husband of Annie McGloln. and
father of Daniel J. McGloln. a native of
County Sligo. Ireland, aged 50 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 3 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ■ 1325^ Natoma street. between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at a:3O o'clock.
• ■ Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
j MEMBERS of Court Acme are hereby notified'
to attend the funeral of Brother Daniel Mo-
Glotn at lii? Lite residence, 1320i.j Natoma
street, this day (Monday), at 9 o'clock sharp.
By order cf
A. J. SIEVERS, Chief Ranger.
W. A. SAMUEL. Financial Secretary.
McGOWAN— In this city, January 15. 1899, Mary
J.. beloved daughter of Winifred and the
late John McGowan, and sister of Thomas J.
and John J. McGowan and 'John P. Toney.
. a native of San Francisco, aged 32 years 4
months and 11 days.
Friends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother. 2114 Geary street, between
Scott and Devisadero, thence to St. Dominic's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
• celebrated for the rer>_ie of her soul at 10
. o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAZZINI— In this city, January 14, 1899, Ana-
cleta Majzini, beloved mother of Mrs. C. M.
Sousa and Mrs. Clementina Navarro, a na-
tive of Mexico, aged SO years 6 months and
1 day.
MEINECKE— In San Pablo, January 14, 1599.
Mr*. Phllliplne Melnecke. beloved mother of
Mrs. J. S. Wolf, Mrs. C. S. Brandt, Mrs. C.
. H. Grasser. Mrs. R. T. Mills and Henry
• Meinecke, a native of Wiesbaden, Germany,
aged 70 years 7 months and 2S days. . ';
C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr. F. Wolf, San Pablo, thence to the-
German Lutheran Zion Church. corner
Twelfth and Myrtle streets, Oakland, where
services will be held at 1 q' clock. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
REYNOLDS— In this city, January 15. ISS9,
John, beloved father of George T. Reynolds,
. a. native of Mohill. County Leitrim, Ireland,
aged 72 years 8 months and 12 days.
K7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2416 Howard street, thence to St.
Charles Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul. Interment Mount' Calvary Cemetery. '
RISTAU— In this city, January 14, 1899. Louise
Ristau, beloved mother of Gussie, Mrs. Alex
Oden, and grandmother of Edgar and Milton
Oden, a native of Germany, aged 62 years 8
months and 1 day.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence-
of her daughter. Mrs. Alex Oden, 1609 Dupont
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ROSSEL— In this city, January 14, 1899, Chris-
tiana Rossel, a. native of Dotzhelm, Ger-
many, aged 64 years 1 month and 10 days.
zy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
8 and 10 City Hall square. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
SCHRIEBER— In Frultvale, Oakland, January
14, 1559, Albert R.. dearly beloved son of tha
late Captain John and Nellie Schrieber,
grandson of Captain R. Barren of Mount
Etlen. Alameda County, and cousin of Mrs.
H. L. Sammi and Mrs. A. Stuhr, a native of
San Francisco, aged 23 years 11 months and
• 25 days.
C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
<■{ Mr. »nd Mrs. H. L. Sammi, :S4 Thirteenth
street, near Mission. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
SCOTT— 15, 1593, Emma Theresa, wife
of A. W. Scott Jr., daughter of Mrs. F. L.
Angelottl. and sister of Judge F. M. Ange-
lottl of San Rafael.
[CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from 305 Buchanan
street. Interment strictly private. .
SPIEGEL— In this city, January 14, 1599, Lily
Anna, belov*<i .laughter ■•'. Christ and Anna
1 X Spies* 1 !, and Moved' sister of- Louis.
Julio*, Freda.,- Bertha. Alice , a,..; Ciirlsc
W. opiegei. Emma Dumaraz and Rob-
ert and Minnie Miller, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 3 months and 19 days.
(CrFrienfis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at I o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 1154 Folsom street, near Eighth.
Interment Odd Fellows" Cemetery.
STEWART— this city, January 14, UN, Min-
nie beloved wife of F. J. Stej\ym. and sister
of Jeremiah Linehan. a native of Glenbrook.
Passage West, County Cork, Ireland, aged
36 years.
ICTFriendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 254 Third street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where services will be held for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
TOOHEY— Tehachapi, January 14, 1599, Pat-
rick Toohey, beloved brother of Mrs. P. Mur.-
phy and Mrs. James McHugh,- uncle of Mar-
tin Toohey, and nephew of Mrs. Lu!»c K*Uy.
a native of the parish of Chascrpugh, Counts
Galway. Ireland. • j
ir?" Friends and acquaintances are Invited to
attend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at
' 9 o'clock, from the residence of Patrick Mur-
phy 1062 Willow street, thence |to St. Pat-
rick's Church, .where & .solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak-
land. I
WHITE— In this city. January 1.".. ISS9, at St.
Mary's Hospital. Timothy White, beloved
brother of Thomas White, a native of Ma-
croom. County Cork. Ireland, aged 24 years.
(£7"Friend* and acquaintances are : respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Company, 20 Fifth
i street, thence to St. Rose's Church. Brannan
! ' street' between Fourth and Fifth, where mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
! commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Ga'.lagberj, ..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EM3AL ""KA,
!0 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln oc^joi. .
Telephone South SO.
jjfia^MgPMiaiikyuMwmiimeaLiur'i »m»in jii .Mas—
1 McAVOY <fc CO.,
I FUNEKAL. DUiJsXTORS oc EMBaLMERS I
1 1235 Market st. between Bth and >t_
I .' - . - Telephone, South 247. ,-i g
910
WAS THE KILLING
OF T. H. KENNEDY A
WANTON MURDER?
Relatives and Friends Positive in
the Assertion That Mrs. Regan
Did Not Act in Self-Defense.
Affirm She Inveigled the Patrolman to
Her Rooms and Then Shot Him Down
Ruthlessly— Jealousy the Cause.
The relations of Patrolman Thomas
H. Kennedy, who was shot to death by
Mrs. Elizabeth Regan last Friday, af
firm she was not acting in defense of
her life, but in wanton jealous frenzy.
She had recently learned that the man
with whom she was .nfatuated was en
gaged to another woman, and that she
must give him up. The verdict of the
Coroner's jury that she acted in self
defense is considered manifestly un
just by the relatives and associates of
the dead man, who claim he was ruth
lessly murdered.
When the hearing of the woman
comes up in the Police Court the pub
lic prosecutor will be assisted by special
counsel, and they expect to show that
the victim of Mrs. Regan's wrath was
reclining on a lounge when the shot
was fired that snuffed out his life. The
police have investigated the contradic
tory evidence given by the woman un
der arrest and by her sister. The lat
ter claimed and still claims that she
was in the room when the tvtredy oc
curred, while Mrs. Regan insists she
was in the kitchen.
The police, with whom Kennedy came
in contact in the performance of his
duties, scoff at the idea of this woman
■••being able to take the pistol away from
him. He always bore the reputation of
being miid and Inoffensive, but brave
and a fighter. Prom an examination of
the wounds on her wrists they claim
the injuries could nut have been in
flicted by his teeth, as claimed, but by
being scratched on purpose by a wo
man's nails. The man was always well
supplied with money and had no need
to borrow from her as claimed.
It Is asserted that for some months
Kennedy lived in mortal dread of this
woman, who finally proved his de-
Btroyer, and whom he apparently
deemed capable of performing a des
perate deed. For some time past he has
endeavored to sever his illicit relations
with Mrs. Regan, having become en
gaged to an estimable young woman.
Under these conditions his relatives
can see no foundation for Mrs. Regan's
assertion that Kennedy was jealous of
. the attention she received from other
men.
The range of the bullet does not
•crmtrovert the claims of the dead man's
relatives that he«. was reclining on the
lounge when t..e bullet was fired. Ac
cording to their theory, she held the
pistol with her elbow possibly resting
on her hip, and when he saw her action
he threw his head back — a natural im-
pulse. This would account for the
bullet going upward and backward. In
an Interview last night John Kennedy,
a brother of the murdered man, said:
"Mrs. Regan made my brother's life
miserable during the last year. Fre
quently she would wait for him at vari
ous" places on his beat. She has also
grrne to his late home, 318 Page street.
Instead uf being jealous of her, she
was insanely jealous of him. I
Btrongrly believe that she enticed him
to her house, and that when he told
her he was engaged to be married to
an estimable woman she shot him in
cold blood.
"On numerous occasions she has
threatened to kill him if he left her.
About a year ago she said she would
shoot him if he deserted her for an
other woman. I believe my unfortun
ate brother was shot long before the
time Mrs. Regan's sister notified the
police. He left the Seventeenth-street
Station at 6 a. m. on the morning of his
death, and, as I believe, he went to her
home in response to her invitation. It
is my opinion that being tired he lay
down on the lounge In the room where
he met his death, having placed his re
volver on the bureau. Knowing that
he was about to be married to another
woman Mrs. Regan in a jealous rage
picked up the revolver and demanded
to know if it were true that he intended
to leave her. When he replied in the
affirmative I am morally certain that
he was reclining on the lounge and that
fhe phot him after she had heard his
reply."
When off duty Thomas H. Kennedy
■was accustomed to frequent the livery
stables of William Michelson on El
lis street, between Larkin and Hyde.
He was an intimate friend of Michel
son, the proprietor, and Joe Foran,
foreman of the stables, confiding in
them the innermost relations he had
with the woman who ended his life.
"Kennedy was a close friend of
mine," said Michelson last night. "I
know that for two years this woman
had 'been hounding his very footsteps.
He tried to avoid her, using every
means to break off his relations with
her, but to no avail. He feared the
consequence^ of a sudden rupture, as
she often intimated that something
would hapnen if he broke with her.
"I am convinced that it was a cold
blooded murder. Tom was shot by
that woman, not in self-defense, b
because she was jealous of him, and
feared that he was going to leave her.
He was engaged to a good, reputable
girl of his own class, and I think that
he went out there to tell Elizabeth
Regan of It. The result was that he
was murdered."
Joe Poran, who manages the stable,
was cognizant of the daily details of
Kennedy's iife. "That woir.-.n," he said,
"would come to the stable and wait
around for Tom. She was in the habit
of annoying me beyond all < ldurance,
and one day I told Tom that she was
too bothersome and that I did not have
the time to answer her telephone mes
sages. Tom then said that I should
tell her to quit it; that he didn't want
to hear from her, and that she was
making his life a burden.
"He wanted to break with her in a
peaceable way, in order to avoid any
notoriety, for he feared she would do
Bomething violent. So far as he was
concerned he was only too anxious to
have their relations come to a halt. She
made earth hell for him, and it was
only the possibility of open disgrace re
sulting from her conduct in case of a
break that kept his associating with
this woman.
"He was murdered and in cold blood.
From my conversations with Tom I
feel positive that when he went to her
house he went there with the intention
of telling her it was the last 'visit he
would pay her, on account of his en
gagement to a girl with whom he was
then keeping company. The stories
that Tom took money from her are all
lies. He spent most of his $100 salary
on her. When he went on the force
he had a horse at our stable which he
sold for $200, and he knew that if he
| wanted any money he could get all he
asked for froi . us. The idea of his ac
ceptance of money from the •woman
who killed him is preposterous. It is
on a par with the belief that he was
going to shoot her. He told me a thou
sand times that he would be happy If
this oman would leave him alone and
!he was rid of her. I think he was
I slaughtered In cold blood."
His Remains Interred.
The funeral of Mounted Policeman
Thomas 11. Kennedy, who was shot and
killed by Mrs. Elizabeth Regan Frlday
afternoon, was held yesterday afternoon
from his mother's residence, 318 Page
street, to Calvary Cemetery. A squad of
twelve men from Company D. under com
mand of Sergeant Perrin, attended as an
escort.
OABSMEN BANQUET.
Annual Dinner Given by the Officers
of the Dolphin Boating Club.
The usual annual dinner given by the
officers of the Dolphin Swimming and
Boating: Club to the members took place
on Saturday night at a downtown restau
rant. At about 9:30 some forty guests
sat down, and between courses the fol
lowing officers, recently elected for the
coming year, were installed by President-
J. Laib Jr.: Vice-President F. W. Woern
ner. Recording Secretary J. S. Earls
Financial Secretary F. C. Staib, Treas
urer Adam Schuppert, Captain A. \V.
Pape, Lieutenant Captain C. T. Roach,
Sergeant-at-Arms C. J. Mogan, Members
of Executive Committee W. O. Patch, C.
M. Farrell and A. W. Pape, Delegates to
the Pacific Association of the Amateur
Athletic Union A. P. Rdthkopf, J. B. Kee
THEIR GIFT WAS
A NEW OLD GLORY
TOT many months ago the guns
of the little dispatch boat Mc-
Culloch thundered vengeance
In the harbor of Manila, and
before those guns had cooled
her prow was turned toward
the China coast to bear to the wait
ing world the news of Dewey's
glorious victory. These incidents in
the career of the trim little vessel
made history, but yesterday another
chapter was added to the deeds of
the McCulloch's crew— a chapter ot
peace. A silken banner, named by
the bluejackets of the McCulloch
"the homeward bound flag," was
presented to Golden Gate Park, and
mid speech making and cheers it was
unfurled to the breeze.
Shortly after 2 o"clock the boys of
McCunoch marched Into the esplanade in front of the band stand. Their treasure "th» hnmf> d b <i fl "
the custody of Mr. Gilleran of the Windsor Hotel, was zealously guarded and wrapped' to protect it from the rai^l
short time Lieutenant W. W. Joynes of the McCulloch and Park Commissioner W. H. Metson arrived. All took seats in
the band stand and Lieutenant Joynes rose to make the presentation speech.
Lieutenant Joynes, knowing that with the raising of the flag he must part with many of the men with whom he has
long been assoc ated and for whom he holds an affection akin to brotherhood, hesitated before he started to speak
then glancing along the line of blue he said:
"This role is a new one to me, but I am grateful to be thus honored by the gallant men of the McCulloch. The
history of our cruise is well known, how when bound on a peaceful mission our prow was turned to the line of battle
and to victory. W hen homeward bound the patriotic boys of my ship bought this flag. It is not a gift from the Gov
ernment, but from the men of a Government ship. I now want to pay a tribute to these men. heroes in battle and the
friends of all In peace. They remembered you. their friends, and when homeward bound procured this silken banner I
will not present it, but ask one of the men to give you this, a tribute from their hearts "
The voice of the speaker faltered and he took his seat. W. W. Wideman, one of the crew of the MrCulloph during
the battle of Manila and subsequently secretary to Captain Hooper, commander of the vessel Then rose He told of thf
peaceful voyage on which his ship started and how at Singapore the blood leaped through their vein's when the telr>
gram was read, "Proceed to Hongkong. Avoid all Spanish ports and men of war. Report to Admiral Dewey " Off on
their voyage to war and glory they steamed and then back to port to convey the news of the destruction of the Spanish
fleet When the dove of peace again reigned they remembered those waiting for them at home and as a tribute bought
the flag, "and." he concluded, "I now present it to the people of San Francisco."
The flag was fastened to the halyards and Mr. Metson stepped forward. "I am grateful to you " he said "for this
token and I can but thank you while accepting it. It has been said that 'westward the star of empire takes its wav '
and you from East and West have taken the flag and carried it to victory in Oriental lands Bravely have you defended
the flag, not only collectively but individually and are to-day the pride and protection of the nation. Gentlemen. I
L li ti. l l rt J OUi
k "Three cheers for the flag," was shouted and three cheers were given as the bright emblem unfolded and was
baptized in the gentle rain that was falling. With three cheers for Lieutenant Joynes , by the boys in blue and three
cheers for the boys in blue by the spectators, the ceremony was closed and ; "Old Glory" was furled again to await the
coming of a brighter: day. ■, . ■ />; -^ ; ■ »6««.w»wiui.me
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MUJSDAY, JANXTAKY 16, 1899.
nan and A. w7~Pape, Members of Board
of Directors Al Micheletti, E. P. Sullivan
and E. H. Coney. Each officer stood up
while his duties were set forth and after
wards said a few words of thanks to the
members for the confidence reposed in
him. Then the representatives of the
press, J. P. Cooper, A. Inkersley and D.
Williamson, were called upon for re
marks. Speech making, now and then
interrupted by a song, or by the Dolphin
cry of "Oars up," went on until almost
every one present had tried to think upon
his feet.
Songs were rendered by Al. Micheletti,
E. P. Sullivan, A. H. Pape and others.
Old-timers gave reminiscences of the
early days of the club, and amusing stor
ies were told by Dr. Bacigalupi and oth
ers. The following five newly elected
members of the club were present: Dr.
F. R. Axton, Dr. J. D. Hill. F. L. Lange,
Lester Hammersmith and E. Convey. It
was considerably after midnight before
the jolly company broke up, after a very
pleasant reunion.
The Dolphins are going to get up a
water polo tr>am, and will play the game
in front of their club house in the bay.
The following team was down at the Dol
phin boat house for the first practice yes
terday morning: A. W. Pape, forward;
Lester Hammersmith, center forward; F.
Schwarting, forward; "Victor Caglierl,
back; E. J. Bartman, center back; w. O.
Patch, back; C. T. Roach, goalkeeper.
Victor Caglieri is going to some college
In Oregon, so his place in the water polo
team and in the intermediate barge crew
will be taken by another member. The
water polo team will practice two or
three times in the tank at the Olympic
Club, A. W. Pape and Lester Hammer-
Fmith being members of the Pollywogs
team.
BOLD BURGLARS WHOSE
OCCUPATION IS GONE
A QUARrET ARRESTED BY
RYAN ANT) ODEA.
Accused of Having Successfully En
tered and Looted the Market-
Street Gun Stcre of G.
W. Shreve.
The energetic quartet of burglars, or at
lease the alleged quartet, that braved the
tangle of alarm wires and trap guns, and
successfully looted the gun store of
George W. Shreve, 739 Market street, last
Tuesday night, is at present enjoying a
much needed rest in the tanks of the City
Prison.
Friday night Detectives Ryan and
ODea arrested Thomas House and
Charles Brennan for complicity in the
crime. House was first arrested, and as
he was caught pawning a portion of the
stolen goods, which established a case
against him, he weakened and confessed
to the crime, subsequently exposing Bren
nan. With these two men in the tanks
the officers were not satisfied, and after
closely questioning tnem went out in
search or more malefactors. Last night
they arrestod two young habitues of the
southern district, who gave thc-ir names
as Al McKinnan and George Hall. Sev
eral dollars were found on the prisoners,
which, against their will, were taken
from them, and the joyless four were dis
tributed among the tanks. They will ap
pear in the police court this morning for
examination.
CARRIED OFF
JEWELRY AND
THEN ESCAPED
Burglars Enter Home
of A. P. Sartori.
THEY CAPTURE A GOOD HAUL
OVER THREE HUNDRED DOL-
LARS' WORTH TAKEN.
The Pilferers Get Or> of the House
Just as the Occupants Return
From an Evening at the
Theater.
Burglars entered the home of A. P.
Sartori, 1026 Sacramento street, late
last night, and carried off jewelry val
ued at $300. They were disturbed in
their pilfering by Mr. and Mrs. Sar
tori returning home from the theater.
Only the choice and most valuable
possessions of the Sartorls were appro
priated by the nocturnal visitors. The
haul consists of a gold watch, emerald
ring, diamond earrings and a diamond
crescent pin. Clothes and ornaments
were packed in heaps by the burglars
ready ror a removal, but they were left
when the return of the Sartoris made
escape a matter of immediate necessity.
The house had been unoccupied since
5 o'clock, when Mrs. Sartori left to meet
her husband at Campi's restaurant, of
which he is the proprietor. About 6
o'clock the occupants of the flat below
heard sounds above, but they supposed
the Sartoris were at home. It was mid
night when they returned from the
theater and the burglars were still on
the premises. Mr. Sartori opened the
front door with his latch k"- and as
he did so the door in the back part of
the house suddenly slammed. He
thinks the burglars escaped by means
of the stairs In the rear. The burplary
was immediately reported to the police.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY is
ecommended by physicians for family and
lediclnal use because It is pure.
McCulloch's Sailors
Present a Home-
Bound Flag. ;
A Relic of the War tc
Waive in the Park
Breezes.
"DINK" WILSON
IS ONCE AGAIN
IN THE TOILS
Charged With Swin
dling a Soldier.
MADE A RUN FOR HIS LIBERTY
FRIDAY HE GOT FIVE DAYS IN
WHICH TO LEAVE THE CITY.
He Became Notorious Here Over Fiv»
Years Ago by Jumping Bonds
Which Proved to Be
Worthless .
George Wilson, better known as "Dink"
Wilson, an ex-convict and notorious confi
dence man, was arrested yesterday after
noon and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of grand larceny. He gave the
name of Joseph Roberts, but was easily
identified as the notorious "Dink."
He and a gang of bunko men were ar
rested Thursday by Detectives Egan and
Gibson on a charge of vagrancy. When
the cases were called in Judge Mogan's
court Friday they all pleaded guilty and
agreed to leave the city. The Judge gave
"Dink" Wilson, a Clever Confi
dence Mao and Burglar.
them five days to clear out and they evi
dently determined to make some money
to pay their fares.
Yesterday afternoon George Kays, a
discharged soldier from the Idaho Regi- j
ment, who arrived on the Senator from
Manila, Thursday night on his way home
was walking along Kearny street when
"Dink" accosted him and asked him to
direct him to Golden Gate Park. Kays
said he was a stranger and "Dink" soon
made friends with him. They had a drink
together and then "Dink" steered him to
a room in the building on the corner of
Pine and Kearny streets.
There were five or six men In the room
and a game of poker was proposed. Kays
got some chips and In a few minutes had
lost $300, all the money he had. When he
got outside he concluded he had been
swindled and notified Policeman Capels.
Kays told Capels he had left "Dink" in
Donleavy's saloon, 412 Kearny street, and
as soon as Capels entered "Dink" ran out
the rear door, closely pursued by Capels.
He got into Somers street, and as he
emerged into Pine street he ran against
a man and before he could recover him
self Capels was upon him, and "Dink"
quietly surrendered.
Wilson is an Eastern crook who first
came into prominence here in the early
Eart of 1593, when he was suspected of
eing the companion of Ltf>uis Matheny,
who was shot and killed by a policeman
in Oakland while committing a burglary.
He was shortly afterward arrested for
petty larceny and burglary. He was sen
tenced to six months by the late Judge
Campbell on the petty larceny charge and
gave "straw" bonds for his release on the
burglary charge. By some blunder the
fact was overlooked that he had to serve
six months for petty larceny and "Dink,"
as soon as he got his liberty, disappeared.
It was then discovered tnat his bonds
were worthless.
A young girl, a bookkeeper for her
father, was infatuated with Wilson and
she also disappeared. It was through her
that he was traced to New York and ar
rested. He was brought back to this city
July 27, 1595, by Detective Whittaker, and
August 30 he was sent to San Quentin for
four years. He was released August 30
last year and was restored to citizenship.
DR. TILLMAN AND HIS
SMALLPOX PATIENT
TWO YOUNG MEDICAL HEROES
VOI.OTNTEERED.
The Case at the Pest House Real
Smallpox, anr 3 Mary May Have
Been. Exposed.
The case of smallpox discovered In a
Post-street lodging house on Sunday and
promptly removed to the Pesthouse, has
developed Into a severe form of the dis
ease, and Dr. Frank Tillman, the heroic
Interne of the City and County Hospital
who volunteered to care for the case, has
settled to a three weeks' quarantined
stay with the patient, who will probably
pull through.
The patient is Charles Tully, a single
man, 30 years of age, and a brakeman.
He started from Colorado some weeks
ago to work his way to California by way
of New Mexico and Arizona, in which re
gion he was exposed to the disease.
When the nature of his illness was dis
covered the disease had passed the
period of incubation and had developed
seven days before, so that for nearly that
time his disease was infectious. A good
many people were thus doubtless ex
posed~who will not be protected by the
burning of the bedding, etc, In his room
by the health authorities.
When the case was hustled to the
Twenty-sixth street hospital on Sunday
afternoon. Dr. Sussdorf, resident physi
cian at the City and County Hospital,
stated the situation to the seven or eight
young doctors acting as internes, saying
that a physician was needed but that no
one was compelled to go. There were two
volunteers it is reported, Drs. Roche and
Tlllman. Dr. Roche was serving in a
ward from which he could not well be
spared, and Dr. Tillman's insistence on
this point won him the commission. With
hastaily gathered medicines and supplies
he hustled away to a three weeks' retire
ment from the world amid smallpox and
leprosy.
Dr. Tillman graduated from Toland
Medical College about six months ago, is
26 years old and has just begun a promis
ing career.
Election of Officers.
At the semi-annual meeting of the
Union Printers' Mutual .Aid Society held
yesterday afternoon the following officers
were elected and installed: President T
C. Carr; first vice president. Leo Michel
son; second vice president, James D. Mur
ray; recording secretary, A. J. P. Re
gaudiat: financial secretary, George H
Knell; treasurer, William J. White; mar
shal. Louis P. Ward; guardian, George
H. Branch; board of directors, Joseph
Harlow. C. E. Hawkes, S. H. Jenner
Ellsworth Bard and John R. Winders
physician, W. L. Berry, M. D. ; druggist,
George Dahlbender.
Flesh-making Rainier Export Beer and mcd.
Atlas Bourbon at dealers or Mobas & K. 29 Mift^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOUSEKEEPING COOPS.
CURTAINS,
PORTIERES,
BLANKETS.
The attention of our customers Is called to the follow-
ing Bargains now offering in above goods.
250 PAIRS
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, White and Ecru,
Price 31.00 Pair.
0
250 PAIRS
Extra Wide NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS,
Price 31.50 Pair.
200 PAIRS
FISHNET AND SAXONY. LACE CURTAINS, Latest
Patterns,
Price $2.00 Pair.
1:25 PAIRS
TAPESTRY PORTIERES, New Colorings and Extra
Quality,
Price 33.00 Pair.
250 PAIRS
FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, Extra Size
and Pure Wool,
Price $6.00 Pair.
HOUSEKEEPERS SHOULD EXAMINE OUR
STOCK Of* ABOVE GOODS.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
A PIONEER" CHEMIST
JOINS THE MAJORITY
DEATH OF JOHN BEYNOLDS IN
THIS CITY YESTERDAY.
Was President of the California
Chemical Works and Made
Many Discoveries.
John Reynolds, president of the Cali
fornia Chemical "Works and vice president
of the San Francisco Sulphur Works, died
at his home, 2416 Howard street, of par
alysis yesterday. Deceased was nearly
73 years of age and was one of the pioneer
citizens and business men of the com
munity. He was highly respected in com
mercial as well as social circles, and his
death will be deeply regretted. Reynolds
came to America from Ireland on the
"Patrick Henry" in 1848. He had studied
chemistry in London and after remain
ing in the East for a short time drifted
West to St. Louis, where he established a
chemical works. Later he came to San
Francisco and in 1862 constructed a gold
and silver refinery on Brannan street. In
the same year he settled at Washoe, Ne
vada, and in Carson City, Nevada, ex
perimented on bullion refining, evolving
a refining process of much value. At the
present day this process supersedes all
others where bullion refining is done.
Reynolds mastered the more exact
science of chemistry as It is known to
day, and a number of important discov
eries are credited to him in his chosen
line of work.
The deceased man's ancestors were the
Lords of the McGrannuills (now Angli
cised to Reynolds) at the old Castle of
Rynn. He has been a widower for a num
ber of years and leaves one son, George
T. Reynolds, to survive him. In 1891 he
purchased an extensive vineyard in Napa
County and since that time has been
noted as a wine grower.
Sport in the Handball Court.
Arrangements are being made by Phil
Ryan of the San Francisco handball court
at 858 Howard street, by which the young
element desirous of learning the game of
handball can be accommodated.
Classes will be formed by Instructor
John Riordon by which twenty-five boys,
ranging from 12 to 16 years of age, will
be permitted to enter their names at any
time between now and the first cf March..
Out of these there will be selected teams
of fours, to whom the art of playing will
be taught free. As the boys progress they
will, in time, be permitted to play with
the more expert players, and in this way
Ryan intends to cultivate a taste for
ball playing among the youths of this city.
The games played yesterday were well
contested, as a few of the crack ba!l
hitters were in good trim. The following
are the scores:
P. Foley and M. J. Stokes defeated M. Fo
garty and P. Herrin. Score: 21-12, 17-21. 21-13.
R. Madden and T. Murphy defeated T. Han
lon and M. Espen. Score: 21-19, 14-21. 21-10.
L. Carraine and H. Racouillat defeated M.
McNeil and C. Talo. Score: 21-9. 11-21, 21-20.
E. McDonough and A. J. Griffith defeated
W. H. Steberst and E. Lynch. Score: 21-11,
16-21, 21-18.
M. McLauahlin and J. Condon defeated D.
Regan and A. Molnnerney. Score: 21-19, 15-21,
21-12.
A. Vicker and T. Leach defeated J. Smith
and M. Kirby.
J. Kirby and E. Barry defeated M. Basch
and T. Foley. Score: 21-10, 17-21. 21-13.
T. F. Bonnet and A. Hampton defeated M.
J. Kllgallon and R. Linehan. Score: 21-14,
16-21, 21-13.
Pi Sigma Tan Banquet.
The Pi Sigma Tan fraternity of Toland
Medical College. University of California,
held its annual banquet on Saturday night
at a prominent uptown restaurant.
A New Photo-Journal.
The Pacific Photo-Journal is the title
of a new magazine devoted to the in
terests of photography which has just
been issued in this city. D. J. Foley, who
has for ten years been connected with the
Yosemite Tourist, is its editor and pub
lisher. For an infant of the new year the
journal presents a healthy appearance
and is well edited. Its reading matter is
good and there are many fine half-tone
productions within its covera.
GOLDBERG
BOWEN
&CO.
The rain has assured good crops to
farmers, prosperity to miners,
health to city people — now you
need pure foods-thebest In the land
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday j Tuesday Wednesday
Coffee— Pasha blend 2 lbs l^£C
roast or ground 3lbtln9£C
reg'ly 35c lb
Ham S— eastern sugar cured 1 1 C
regularly i2sc lb
Cheaper than any other meat
Bacon— •F«rt» > i6#
regularly 20c lb
Thin strips wrapped In canvas-
tempting— delicious
White wine — Howell Mountain AXC
regularly 75c gallon
A good healthy wine
Scotch and Irish whiskies dcl
Highland Club reg'ly $1 bottle 85c
KillyCroy " 1 " 85c
Caledonian ~ " 135"51 IO
Hot water sugar lemon rind and High-
land Club for hot scotch
Ripe olives — whole 20c
regularly 25c quart
Vermouth— French 60c
reg'ly 65c a bottles $\ i£
Beef tea capsules-box of 10 30c
Raffaufs — used in the German army
Splendid for the sick or convalescent
Mustard— French prepared I£o
regularly 20c bottle
Tooth paste— reg'ly 50c jar 40C
Pinaud's Roman
Perfume extracts^'W 40c
Yiolet y 8 Parisian extract of sweet
flowers
CoCOZnut—Schepp't 22 %Z
regularly 30c lb
For pudding and cakes
LlSterine an internal disinfectant6oC
BabY pirn OlaS-try them at fQC
a card party 3 bottles
Beechnut bacon i n glass
jars — no waste jar
California figs ioand \2 x / 2 c lb
catalogue free
432 Pine 215 Sutter 3800 California San Francisco
1075 Oav between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
Cheapest Rent,
Prettiest Fiat of eight rooms
and bath in San Francisco.
A perfect gem of a home.
Call and see
Robert Mcelroy,
Phelan Building, Room i.