VOLUME LXXXV- NO. 42.
UNRAVELING OF THE GREWSOME
MURDER MYSTERY OF THE SUISUN ROAD
W. J. Miller Arrested as the Assassin
of Daniel Wilson.
Sheriff Savage of Solano Believes He Has Trailed
!„".•"•• •"■ : - 1
the Murderous Crew That Planned and
Accomplished the Crime.
.'BENICIA, Jan. 11.— One of the most
•ji sensational arrests ln the history of
7 California was made at 1:15 o'clock this
7 ihorning at Port Costa.
*•■ William J. Miller was taken into cus
tody by Sheriff George H. Savage and
•.Deputy Sheriff J. A. Malone and
':■■ charged with the murder of Daniel H.
'.Wilson, an aged rancher who lived on
7 the Suisun road.
7 The murder was one of the most
7 .cruel and cold-blooded assassinations
7;fn the history of the State. The old
''. farmer was shot dead at the door of his
7 home on the night of October 9. 1896,
.• and for two years the authorities
'■ •worked in vain to trail the assassin.
7 Fact by fact a chain of circumstantial
7 evidence was formed and the officers
'*' discovered one of the most horrifying
v plots of murder ever conceived in the
7: county of Solano. The story of the
7 .crjme and its culmination has few
■i parallels in the history of the State.
'.y . The authorities believe that they
have unearthed a criminal crew as ,
cold-booded and merciless as any that i
. evec •..•.'I to. this section, of . the
State. Miller, who is now . in the
•' County Jail at Suisun, is the brother
.' in-law of the man of whose murder
• he is. accused.
• The sister and mother of Miller are
•living on a ranch about half a mile
from the Wilson ranch. The property
. 1? owned by H. W. McEwen. The house
is being watched to-night and in the
morning Mrs. Addie Wilson, the sister
of Miller, Mrs. E. G. Dickenson, the
mother of the accused man, and H. W.
: McEwen, with whom the women
live, will be arrested for complicity in
the awful crime of which Miller is
• charged.
The authorities of Solano worked ln
vain for over two years on this dread- j
ful mystery of the Suisun road. When
* ■ Sheriff Savage assumed once recently j
■-'.*pe determine! to use every energy to
•• clear away the mystery. He has col-
). : '*'.: Jt#cted evidence that he believes will
.7: Bend Miller to the gallows and his al-
V :■ T'-'Jeged accomplices to State's Prison. The
v -.:77* '*S-h;erlff saw every sign of guilt pointing
: i'\\,*ird Miller and his family. He spent
.!•,■•'.:'• considerable time in locating Miller, but
..finally discovered him working as a
■•-j::. switchman between Port Costa and
Benicia. He determined that no time
"should be lost in placing Miller behind
:.v. the bars. The Sheriff decided to make
7;i the- arrest to-night and take Miller
.7. from his engine.
;•'".•'; But the accused man had Injured his
'••hand and was not working. He was at
.*' .his' home in Port Costa, and there
.77'/.. Sh'-g riff. Savage and Deputy Sheriff Ma
-77. lone went. Miller was called out and
''•', was quietly told that he was under ar
.'7- est for the murder of Wilson. Hand-
: ' y cuffs .were quickly slipped over his
..:*.. wrists, and before he could make even
: 7 the show of resistance he was taken
7 .'on- board the steamer Solano on his
••.•....Way to the Jail at Suisun.
:•;■•'' If looks indicate character, Miller is
••7... capable of anything. He took his ar
"';■'■; 'rest -with vicious suilenness. He pro
.'' V ; 'tested his Innocence and proclaimed his
'-.' ability to prove an alibi. To the utter
.'.Surprise of his captors he declared,
;" with inces-ant interruption of pro-
::';■ fonity, that while he is guiltless of the
' *' ,7 horrifying crime of which he ls ac
.*';• '*;• c'used, he knows who did murder the
''• old rancher and can send him to the
■li '■' gallows If he will but open his mouth.
V"I know who killed Wilson," he cried,
..'"andl can hang him."
V.V* "Then the accused man rambled on to
; .•..'.tell. the story of the alibi that he hopes
*'* : .. Will, save him from the rope. He was
• " excited to the last degree and walked
7. to and fro like a caged animal. He Is
. HI-Ylsaged, low-browed, scowling, with
, "' nervous, furtive eyes that cannot look
7 ".'one in the face. He knows something
= V. of the evidence that has been accumu
lated against him and has rehearsed a
'■[ story that he has often told.
.'•; •" The authorities claim that they will
.; '.• he able to show that Miller, Mrs. Wil
' *•' son, . Mrs. Dickinson and McEwen
.-''planned and carried Into execution the
' murder of Wilson in order that the old
■ rancher could not deed away his prop
■• erty to a woman, Mrs. Virgie O'Brien,
• whom he had mad© his favorite and in-
The San Francisco Call.
tended to install in his household as
Its mistress. The story of the old
rancher's life and death rivals that of
the Belew tragedy in dramatic interest.
THE HOUSEHOLD OF THE MUR
DERED RANCHER,
The murder of which Miller is ac
cused was one of cold blooded assassi
nation, almost without parallel in the
history of Solano County. The assas
sin decoyed his victim out of his home
Into the darkness. Then there was a
report, a flash and the rancher fell dead
across his own threshold as the
shadowy form of the murderer made its
way into the blackness of the night.
The murdered man was Daniel H. Wil
son, an aged farmer and fruit grower
who lived on his ranch five miles from
the village of Suisun. After the com
mission of the crime the most thorough
investigation was made, but the offi
cers did not secure evidence strong
enough even to show a motive for the
murder. Two arrests were made, but
the State itself was forced to abandon
the prosecution and permit the case to
rest as one of the unsolved mysteries
of blood that stained the history of the
county.
To understand rightly the theory and
the evidence that connect Miller with
the crime an outline of Wilson's friend
ships and associations must be given.
The old man had little respect for the
conventionalities of life. He was an
ignorant, rough, uncouth old farmer
who lived with his mistress in the
dreary solitude of his ranch and re
sented all criticism of his manner of j
living as long as. he was able to pay !
his bills. Three years before the mur- I
der Wilson and his wife quarreled, sep- |
arated and were divorced. There was j
a division of the community property |
and an agreement that one of the chil
dren, a boy, should remain with the
father and the other, a girl, should go
with the mother. In the division of
the property .Wilson kept the ranch for
himself.
His divorced wife went to live with
her mother, Mrs. E. G. Dickinson, and
H. W. McEwen on the latter's ranch,
which was not far from that owned by
AVilson. Mrs. Wilson had a brother,
J. W. Miller, who, with his wife, lived
at A'allejo. Miller was then employed
as a laborer in a planing mill at al
lejo.
After the divorce of Wilson and his
wife there was nothing to indicate that
bitterness ranked in the brain of either
husband or wife. Mrs. AVilson seemed
to have forgotten her matrimonial ven
ture. Her children were frequently to
gether, notwithstanding the estrange
ment of their parents, and Mrs. Wilson
occasionally went to visit her brother
and his wife at "Vallejo. More than
once she was accompanied on these
short journeys by McEwen and Mrs.
Dickinson.
Wilson seemed to be supremely, un- ;
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1899.
concerned over his marital troubles and
employed "housekeeper" after "house
keeper" to suit his convenience and his
fancy. At least two, of these women
play a sinister part in the story of the
old man's death. One of them was Mrs.
A"ir;r!e O'Brien, who went to the Wilson
ranch shortly after the old man and his
wife were divorced. The old fellow did
everything in his power to induce Mrs.
O'Brien to remain, but she declined to
do so, and was succeeded by Mrs. Lucy
Owens, who was in the farm house on
the night of the murder and felt the
falling body of the dying rancher at her
very feet. During her ' stay at the
Wilson ranch Mrs. Owens kept with her
Airs. Ada Rice, her niece.. Occasionally
John Hanchard, a brother of Mrs. Ow
ens, was seen loafing and Idling about
the place.
STORY OF THE ASSASSINATION.
This, in outline, was the uncouth
household and the peculiar relation
ships of Daniel H. Wilson on the night
of October 9, 1896. Early on that day
Wilson had gone to Suisun to receive
his price for his almond crop, which
had been gathered and shipped. The
old man had discharged his three em
ployes and had parted from them on the
best of terms. There could be no mo
tive of revenge on their part, therefore,
for the men liked the gruff old rancher
and were satisfied with the terms of
their service.
Wilson returned to his ranch from
Suisun about 7 o'clock in the evening.
After dinner he sat down to make up
his accounts for the season. Mrs. Ow
ens and Mrs. Rice retired to their
apartments and the little farm house
was in silence. Suddenly something
struck the door with a dull sound. Wil
son was startled and disturbed, but
soon resumed his labors. A short time
after the sound was repeated. Some
one, concealed in the darkness of the
orchard, was throwing clods of earth at
the door. . : '-7".£'.f£"
An instant after the second clod was
thrown Mrs. Owens, scantily clad, came
from her room and started toward j the
door. She was going outside for some
water and remarked that some mis
chief maker must be at his pranks.
AVilson replied that if any more clods
were thrown his answer. would be
with a shotgun. , He offered to go and
get the. water for Mrs. Owens, but she
said It was not' necessary. She opened
the door and disappeared In the dark
ness. A moment later Wilson followed
her. Mrs.' Owens swears she ■ did not
know he had left the house. /'~7
Mrs. Owens was not in the best of
moods that night, for she was to be su
perseded on the following day as
"housekeeper." The old man had been
discussing a change for several days.
He had never ceased in his efforts to
induce Mrs.; Vlrgie O'Brien to return,
and at last success crowned his en
deavors. He : promised Mrs. O'Brien
that if she would return he would deed
to her his sole remaining property, his
ranch. This .was startling news not
only to Mrs. Lucy Owens, but to Mrs.
Addle Wilson, the divorced wife of the
old man. Mrs. Wilson had v always
hoped that the -ranch- would go to her
children and be - a home for her after
the death: of her former husband. Her
son brought her the news of. his father's
purpose, and witnesses will swear that
a week before the murder .there were
MEN, WOMEN AND THINGS THAT MAY
SOLVE A SOLANO MYSTERY.
AFTER two years of mystery the authorities of Solano County believe they
have captured the murderer of Daniel H. Wilson, an old rancher, > who was
assassinated on .the night, of October 9, 1896, at his own door. The officials
have arrested J. AY. Miller, the brother-in-law of Wilson, and have charged
him with the crime. Three other arrests are to follow. After the most untiring
efforts on the part of the newly elected officials of Solano a series of damaging
facts have been collected against the accused man, his sister, her mother, Mrs.
E. G. Dickinson, and H. W. McEwen. j The murder is claimed to have been com
mitted to secure possession of Wilson's ranch, which he threatened to deed to
one of his favorites. Tho story of the assassination and of those involved in It
represents one of the lowest and most revolting phases of California country
life." : 77/777777 '/ ,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
earnest conferencs, In which Mrs. Wil
son, Mrs. Dickinson, McEwen and
Miller took part.
But time passed until the night be
fore Mrs. Vlrgie O'Brien was to be in
stalled as "housekeeper' and was to
receive a deed to the property. It was
natural, therefore, that Mrs. Owens
should be in ill humor and should de
cline the courtesy of the old man. Mrs.
Owens filled a pitcher with water, re
turned to the house and closed the door.
A moment later there was a loud rap
ping and Mrs. Owens heard Wilson say,
"Don't lock me out, Lucy." The old
man was on the outside.
Mrs. Owens opened the door, through
which a shaft of light streamed upon
the aged rancher. At the same instant
there was a flash of light and a report
out of the blackness of the night and
Wilson fell dead across the threshold
of his own door. He had been shot
through the heart, and into the dark
ness, it ls said, a man and a woman
hurried away. That, in outline. Is the
story of the crime.
THE MURDERER'S TRAIL LOST
ON THE ROAD.
Mrs. Owens and her niece shrieked in
terror. They hastened out on to the
dreary road for assistance and within
an hour a few men gathered at the
Wilson ranch. Nothing could be done
until morning. The old rancher had
never spoken after the shot entered his
body. When daylight came the search
ers saw in the soft ground of the or
chard the footprints of the assassin.
Step by step they were followed to a
little bridge on the edge of the ranch.
The murderer had known his ground
well, for in the maze of trees and in the
darkness of the night he had made his
way In a direct line to the bridge.
There he had tied a horse. From the
bridge the horse, which was a peculiar
ly hollow-footed animal, had carried
him away from the scene of his crime.
The officers had very little with which
to trail the murderer. They knew the
size of the footprints in the orchard
and the impression of the hoofs beyond
the bridge. The size and character of
the shot that entered Wilson's heart
were known, but offered little hope as
links in a chain of evidence. All of the
relatives, friends and associates of Wil
son were summoned, before the Coro
ner, but they gave no evidence that
was material. Mrs. Owens and her
brother, John Hanchard, were arrested
on suspicion, but there was no proof
of guilt to support the accusation, and
they were released. Miller, McEwen,
Mrs. Wilson and Airs. Dickinson were
suspected, but the officers did not feel
warranted at that time in justifying
their suspicion with a formal charge.
For many weeks the towns of Suisun
and A'allejo were profoundly interested.
Rumors were flying thick and fast on
the roads, but little came of them. Mrs.
Owens had been released and Mrs. Wil
son, If guilty, could not be caught. She
testified with all solemnity before the
Coroner that she bore her former hus
band no grudge and would not have
sought his life for gain. Her brother,
J. W. Miller, even sacrificed his em
ployment at Vallejo and spent months
in what he claimed was an effort to
clear away the mystery of a crime that
is now laid at his door. As the energies
of the officers seemed to lag. Governor
Budd offered a reward of $500 and the
Sheriff of Solano $200 for the apprehen
sion of the murderer.
This inspired new effort and many
men entered the field on their own re
sponsibility with a hope of winning the
reward. Among these men was J. F.
Stranahan, who went from place to
place, where suspicion directed him.
He worked in the guise of a book agent,
ingratiating himself Into the good
graces of McEwen and Mrs. Dickinson.
He could do nothing with Mrs. Wilson,
but 't he listened at doors, concealed
himself in wagons and journeyed miles
with the suspected men and women.
He was eavesdropper, tale bearer, any
thing to learn a fact that might be per
tinent in solving the mystery of Daniel
Wilson's death. Stranahan learned
much that was valuable, but the offi
cers had no confidence in his judgment
and no respect for his opinions. Yet
it is upon the discoveries of this man
that the officers of Solano now base
their charge against J. W. Miller.
Gradually the excitement over the
tragic death of Wilson died away. Th-3
officers gave up their chase, Stranahan
moved to Pendleton, Or., where he now
resides, and Miller disappeared. Many
an ugly rumor was afloat, but rumors
do not lead men to the gallows. The
Wilson tragedy seemed likely to re
main a mystery of crime.
A MOTIVE FOR THE GRIME DIS
COVERED. -
About a year ago new interest was
infused into the dismal affair. The
people of Suisun always believed that
McEwen and his mistress, Mrs. Dick
inson, could tell something of the mur
der if they dared to talk. The tongues
of the village gossips always wagged
viciously when McEwen came in from
his ranch. One day he was surrounded
by an angry crowd in a saloon and
directly charged with the death of old
man Wilson.
McEwen had a close call for his life
that day for the excited villagers would
have done him bodily harm if he had
not driven posthaste back to his ranch,
which is not far from the Wilson prop
erty. Some very strange Incidents had
led up to this outburst of public feeling.
The finger of suspicion had always
pointed toward McEwen and the mis
erable household of which he was the
head. Mrs. Wilson and her mother and
daughter lived with him, and even
without the conviction of direct evi
dence the greed of Mrs. Wilson to pos
sess the property of her former hus2
band would have furnished a motive
far the murder.
But the officials had finally discovered
a series of damaging facts. Wilson had
been shot with leaden pellets of a most
peculiar mold, unlike any the investi
gators had ever seen or were able to
find. ' A search was made of the house
of .McEwen and the mold that made the
bullets was found. The gun in which
these pellets were used was in the pos
session, of McEwen, who freely ad
mitted its ownership and 'shrugged his
shoulders. That certainly was not evi
dence strong enough to hang a man for
murder. But the officers of the law
were inspired by new hope; they be
lieved that they were on the right
track and they pushed their investiga
tions with renewed vigor.
The new Sheriff of the county, George
H. Savage, interested himself particu
larly in the matter. Friends and ac
quaintances of the Miller and Wilson
families were questioned and out of the
inquiry has come the evidence of cir
cumstances that the authorities of So
lano believe will place Miller and per
haps three others on the gallows' trap.
• The case of circumstantial evidence
upon which the officers base their
charge of murder against Miller is a
most remarkable one. It has its-rami
fications in the towns of Suisun, Val
lejo, Cordelia, Benicia and Port Costa.
The officers have gone out on the roads
from ranch to ranch and here and there
'have gathered a fact that may mean
. death to the switchman who is now
behind the bars.
GUILTY CONFERENCES BETWEEN
MILLER AND HIS SISTER.
.-,' The story of blood and crime as the
officers have supplied the chapters be
gins with the decision of Daniel Wilson
to restore Mrs. Virgie O'Brien ,to her
former place in his household and to
deed to her his property. It will be
-shown that the son of Mrs. Wilson car
ried this information to her several
days before the murder and she was in
consequence greatly excited. The offi
cers expect to prove that McEwen and
Mrs. Dickinson left their ranch in
charge of Mrs. Wilson and her daughter
"and went to Vallejo to consult/ with J.
W. Miller, the brother-in-law or Wilson.
Then the officers will produce a man
who will swear that on the Sunday pre
ceding the murder he saw Miller and
McEwen at the Wilson ranch busily
engaged in looking over the ground
and planning, it is believed, for the
dreadful act of assassination under
[cover of the night. This will explain,
'•it is contended, how it was that the
assassin knew his ground so well in the
darkness and made his way without
mishap to the bridge and his horse.
The officers believe that they will then
be able to support their theory of the
crime with the proof of every fact in
the murderer's terrible preparations.
At the time of the murder Miller and
.his wife lived in poor quarters in one
of the poorest districts of Vallejo.
Houses were so close to each other that
the inmates could see and frequently
hear all that was going on in the habi
tations of their neighbors. Witnesses
will 'be presented to show that at 2
o'clock on the morning of October 9,
1896, McEwen and Mrs. Dickinson left
the house of Miller under the shield of
darkness. They had been at the Miller
home for many hours and ' they took
the greatest pains to conceal their com
ing and their going. It is not' difficult
to draw the inference that some con
ference of moment had been in progress
in the Miller household that night.
The establishment of this fact will be
the beginning of the story of a day that
may be a fatal one in the lives of Mil
ler, McEwen, Mrs. Wilson and Mrs.
Dickinson. What was done that night
in the home of Miller no one knows.
The conditions of the case make it im
perative that McEwen loaned his gun
to Miller for the terrible weapon of
murder, but the officers must assume
and cannot yet prove this assertion.
MILLER'S NIGHT RIDE ON THE
SUISUN ROAD.
The first deeply significant fact in the
proof of the officers against Miller has
reference to an incident that occurred
about 5:30 o'clock on the afternoon of
October 9, 1896. It will be shown, be
yond the suggestion of a doubt, that
; Miller hired a horse and buggy from
the Callender Stables in Vallejo on that
afternoon. He said neither where he
•w as going nor why he wanted .the
, team. It w 3 just growing dark when
■ he drove away and a woman will swear
• "that about 6 o'clock she saw Miller
heavily clothed pass her ranch on the
I Suisun road. He was going in the di
rection of the Wilson ranch.
What happened from that time until
6 o'clock in the morning of the next
day iB shrouded in darkness if not in
•doubt. At that hour Miller was back
again in Vallejo and returned the horse
• ' and buggy to the stable. The horse
looked as if it had been driven hard,
but Miller said nothing of his mysteri
ous ride or his mission. He returned
- " to his home and started to light a fire
in a gasoline stove. The stove caught
on fire and Miller, with his great ulster
on, rushed into the yard with it. He
.. was then seen by his neighbors, ; Mrs.
.*• Frank Carney and Mrs. M. Hayes.
° v William Craig and Samuel Riley will
; tell what happened at the stable when
' Miller returned the team.
'■• . It is around this primary incident of
..• the hiring of the team that the officers
will build their case. They claim that
j the footprints of the assassin, found in
the soft ground of the Wilson ranch,
..-were those of a number seven shoe, the
: ' "'size which Miller wears. The. impres
sion of hoofs beyond the bridge, j which
. were immediately noticed as peculiar,
.. .correspond perfectly with those of : the
'.* horse that Miller drove on his mysteri
■ ous drive. 7
. Strong as is this proof of the detect
ives the authorities must remove one
great. obstacle before they will be able
"to establish their case against the ac
' cused switchman and his relatives and
friends. On the night of the murder
: the Millers had two young visitors at
their home. Early that evening Mrs.
Miller had gone to the house of a neigh
bor, Mrs. Sheehan, and asked her to
permit her two little girls to visit the
Miller house for a few hours'. Mrs.
Sheehan agreed and at 9: SO o'clock
went, she says, to bring her children
home. She remained at the Miller house
for perhaps thirty minutes and then
left with her girls.
Mrs. Sheehan swears that at that
hour Miller Was at his home watching
his child during his wife's absence. Mrs.
Sheehan's daughters support her In this
assertion. Yet there are other witnesses
who insist that Miller, had hired a
team and did not return to Vallejo all
nigh*. More than that he was seen on
the road that led to the Wilson ranch."
The officers do not believe that Mrs.
Sheehan or her daughters are telling
the truth. The girls were asked par
ticularly to tell where Mrs. Miller was
that night. They answered that she
had gone to Geary'a/grocery in Vallejo.
But Geary declares that she was not
there that night and could not have
been as his store was not open at the
hour mentioned. The officers are more
than puzzled to 'know 7 why it was that
Miller kept a team out all night and
.then went home to watch his child.
MRS, WILSON WAITED FOR THE
MESSENGER OF DEATH.
Miller's ride is not the only great fact
by which the authorities expect to
prove the guilt of the accused man and
his confederates. It will he shown by
the. daughter of t Mrs. Wilson herself
that on the night, of the murder Mrs.
Wilson was restless, uneasy and ex
pectant. Her daughter has declared
that her mother watched the coming
of darkness with great. anxiety. When
the light, of day had faded fully' the
woman left her house and walked
toward the Wilson ranch, which was
not far distant. Soon after the sharp
report of the gun that sent death to
Wilson was heard and the woman re
turned to her home. She retired to her
room and threw herself, fully dressed,
into her bed. A short time later she
was aroused and informed that her di
vorced husband had been shot and in
stantly killed.
Before the Coroner's inquest testi
mony was given that Mrs. Wilson knew
for some time before the murder that
her former husband intended to deed
his property to Mrs. Virgie O'Brien.
When she ; received ' that information
Mrs. Wilson declared that she might as
well have the j property as Virgie
O'Brien. . It Will be shown beyond any
question that McEwen, Mrs. Dickinson
and Mrs. Wilson discussed in a most
criminating way the features of -the
murder after it had been committed.
The intention of Wilson to deed his
property away had angered his divorced
wife and her relatives and friends to
the last degree. Mrs. Wilson admitted
to Stranahan that she knew before the
murder that something was going to
happen, but she could "not restrain her
mother when the old woman had set
her mind upon a purpose. That this
purpose was murder Mrs. Wilson most
vehemently denied, although she of
fered to secure for Stranahan money
enough with which to get out of the
country. More than this, in a fit of
rage during a quarrel and in the pres
ence of George Hughes, she deliberately
accused her brother of having murdered
her husband. This terrible charge will
supply strong testimony at the trial.
Fred Bendell will go even further than
George Hughes and will declare that
Miller himself confessed that he had
killed his brother-in-law, but was
forced to commit the murder to save
the - roperty.
Then the prosecution will ask that
Miller's life be taken in compensation
| for the murder of the old rancher and
that the story of degraded lives and
unbridled passions be closed in the his
tory of Solano County.
MRS. DANIELL
GUARDED FROM
HER HUSBAND
Collapses When Told
He Is Here.
HIS STORY IS DISCREDITED
THE .WIFE'S APPREHENSION IS
— SIGNIFICANT.
: — * s
-
Rev. Dr. Hemphill Declines to Talk
of the Indications
That a Legal Separation
Is Contemplated.
Mrs. James W. Daniell Is confined to her
rooms in the Palace Hotel, suffering from
nervous prostration. This is supposed to
be the result of the sudden appearance in
the city of her English husband, from
whom she fled soon after her arrival in
New York from London ten days ago,
traveling across the continent under the
protection of Rev. Dr. Hemphill, her step
father.
That Mrs. Daniell fears her husband
is evident. She has not only absolutely
refused to see him since his arrival, but
has taken precautions to prevent his forc
ing an interview. In view of these facts,
Daniell's statement that there is no dis
cord in his family and that everything is
serene so far as himself and wife are
concerned seems rather forced. That Mrs.
Daniell's Illness is directly due to the
advent of Danlell on the scene ls appar
ent from the fact that her collapse oc
curred immediately upon learning of his
arrival. On Monday afternoon, a few
hours before he reached the city, she
visited the law office of Wheeler & Bishop
and held a long conference with Attorney
Ludwlg Hoefler, her legal adviser. She
was then in good health and spirits,
showing no indication of a pending col
lapse.
Daniell was around the Palace contin
ually during the day, but was not per
mitted to see his wife. In fact, no one
was admitted to her presence but ..Dr.
Hemphill and her physician. Her maid
and her . 15-year-old daughter were with
her, and to all Inquiries the. former said
Mrs. Daniel! Was too ill to be seen. Had
Daniell. attempted to intrude himself upon
her he would have been summarily ejected
by able-boaled guardians of his wife's
person who were stationed within call-
Dr. Hemphill refused to discuss the
charges made by Danlell to the effect that
Hemphill was scheming to secure control
of the children of his stepdaughter and
through them the generous allowance
from the estate of the late Robert Hast
ings. He- also declined to talk of the ob
ject, of; Mrs. Daniell's presence in San
Francisco. -He said:
"I have nothing to say further than that
the attacks upon my character do not
cause me any uneasiness. I am. too well
known in this city to fear injury to my
reputation from Daniell's accusations
Mrs. Daniell's affairs are .her own con
cern, and she' does not desire to precipi
tate a newspaper- controversy."
Mrs. Hemphill - also refused to discuss
her daughter's affairs* or to comment on
anything said by Daniell concerning her
self or her husband.' * ■ •■ • <
Attorney Hoefler had no statement to
make concerning the affairs of his client
at this time.' His manner If not his words
indicated, - however, that Mrs. Danlell
would probably attempt to secure a legal
separation from her husband, although
it may be some time before active steps
in this direction can be taken.
Reception Invitations.
For the engraving of invitations for
weddings and ; receptions Messrs. Cooper
& Co. have unexcelled , facilities. The
best engravers are employed and styles
which are thoroughly up to" date. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1899.
THE SAILOR
KNOCKS OUT
KID McCOY
Sharkey Puts F[is Man to
Sleep ir) the Tenth
f^ound.
— . —
Th)e Fight Fast and Furious Fron)
the Start, Both Displaying
Great Cleverness. j
LENOX ATHLETIC CLUB, NEW
YORK. Jan. Tom Sharkey, the
American sailor, stands to-night the
only heavy-weight possibility for
championship honors and the title now
held by Bob Fitzsimmons. He whipped
Kid McCoy good and hard in the tenth
round of what was to have been a
twenty-round battle, and by doing so
the Irish-American pugilist forged his
way to the front rank. Fitzsimmons
must now consider the sailor pugliist
without delay.
Sharkey to-night was a revelation to
those who saw him a couple of years
ago. His ring work and generalship
are so vastly superior to his exhibi
tions when he first came to the East
as a fighter that the improvement is
almost incredible.
Great bunches of muscles, with un
limited confidence and a cool head are
the qualifications which enabled Shar
key to light his way to the front rank
of heavy weight pugilists, and no one —
not even McCoy, who suffered defeat
at his hands to-night denies the full
measure of praise that is due . the
Irishman. McCoy's marvelous foot
work and that long left jab with which
he has put so many of his opponents
to sleep are two factors in his make
up that must always appeal to ad
mirers of the fistic art. He used every
artifice known to the advanced school
iof pugilists in his contest to-nieht.
and his defeat must not be attributed
to any lack of close study on his part
of every trick in the boxing game.
Many of his friends feel to-night that
he ought to have gone up against
smaller game than Sharkey.
When McCoy sent Sharkey twice to
the floor in the third round no one
doubted the Kid'B ability to hit hard,
and many thought he had Sharkey at
his mercy. This idea was soon dis
pelled when the Irishman began to get
to his man.  7 r "" '■;.-
When the doors of ..the Lenox Ath
letic Club were thrown | open": the; 'eh -"
trance was well guarded by policemen.
From 6 o'clock the streets in the im
mediate., vicinity < tft the ciub *t\vei?e
patrolled by a force of bluec6ats7>Cor-'
dons of policemen were stationed in ,the
vicinity of the clubhouse.", and Chief of.
Police Deverey and his subordinates
were busily engaged throughout v the
evening in keeping th* crowd in check.
By 7:30 there were 5000 people in' the
house and the turnstiles Were clicking
merrily,, so that by 8 o'clock- the at
tendance was nearly as many thousand
as the hour indicated. The. boxes and;
seats in the vicinity, of ; the ring were"
filled by 8 o'clock. ' • - -7 '/'
Bookmakers,; headed by Joe Vendig.
made the welkin ring with their shouts.
"Ill. bet $1000 to $900 on McCoy." "Come
THE FIGHT BY ROUNDS.
FIRST ROUND.
They fiddled. McCoy tried a left for the wind, but missed. Tom scoring a
left over the kidneys. Both men were careful. McCoy tried a left hook for the
head, landing lightly. Tom uppercut with a right on the chest. McCoy made a
half circle of the ring and then caught "Tom oji the stomach. Sharkey did not
reply. McCoy sent left to stomach and: brought ,lt> up to the face, Sharkey
hooked a light right to the ribs. .Both men were sparring at the gong. Mc-
Coy's round.
SECOND ROUND. •*■,'••'
McCoy sidestepped to the left for half a circle of the ring and let his left go,
landing lightly on the face. Tom stepped back and McCoy ran* close to him.
Two Of McCoy's reaches for his man were futile, but he caught Tom on the
ropes and caught a light left on the nose. , Tom -came to the center of the ring
and tried left and right without effect, and -then the "Kid" sent left lightly to the
face. McCoy continually kept sidestepping and evaded Tom's attempts for a
left hook or swing very cleverly. McCoy put a light left on Tom's face when
near the ropes on the west end of the ring. Sharkey sent a hard left hook to the
ribs just as the gong sounded. : 7/. *. '■ V' 7 '
THIRD ROUND.
SHARKER
FIFTH ROUND.
McCoy rushed across the ring and the men clinched in Sharkey's corner.
Sharkey tried left and right swings, but the Kid dodged cleverly. Tom tried left
and right again, but the Kid dodged away from him. Tom crossed the ring and
caught McCoy in the neutral corner, sending left to the stomach and right on
the ear. McCoy countered heavily. with right on the head. Tom kept rushing in
effectually and once he caught' McCoy on the ropes and tried a left hook, but
McCoy rebounded from the ropes like a rubber ball and Tom sent his left to the
right ribs, only landing a glancing blow. Both men were fresh at the end of
the round. . '-- 7 7 .
SIXTH ROUND.
Sharkey on the aggressive. McCoy very wary and using his feet to advan
tage.. Tom caught him sidestepping, landing left hook low on the body and an
other on the ribs, close to the heart.. The Kid jabbed left to the face and body,
but failed to dodge. a. left, under the ear. Tom kept on the aggressive and caught
the Kid on the ropes without gaining anything. Tom caught McCoy in the cor
ner and gave him two lefts in the face. : McCoy jumped to the middle of the ring
and sidestepped, but Tom hooked, his left and sent his right across to the head,
hut they were glancing blows. * At this -stage of the game there was betting of
$500 even that Sharkey would knock McCoy out.
SEVENTH ROUND.
Both blocked cleverly for half a minute, Tom swinging left for head. McCov
blocked the blows. with his elbow and sidestepped out of harm's way. Two
clinches followed. In which the referee had to go between the men to separate
them. Coming together at* close quarters, the Kid got in his left on the wind
and McCoy lanaed his right on. the head. Leading and blocking cleverly on both
sides. was ,the order and th e Kid succeeded in landing. a left hook on Tom's right
eye, raising a mouse over the cheek-bone. Both men were fresh when the gong
sounded. '.''■'.'
on with your money," "The Kid must
win," "Come on with your money."
Many bets were booked at these odds
and then the Sharkey men hove into
sight and forced the layers of odds to
offer nothing better than even money.
"Can McCoy win?" was the question
which went the rounds of the boxes,
and the answer to this question was:
"Even money if the fight is on the
level Sharkey can do the Kid. , but let
us know how they are going to fight."
In reply to this it was- generally cir
culated that there had been no meet
ing of the principals, their managers
nor the referee, Tim Hurst, this after
noon, and that the latter would use his
best judgment in deciding when and
where a clinch occurred in the face of
the articles of agreement, which con
tained two, the eighth and the thir
teenth, which seemed to nullify each
other.
In the first of the two preliminary
contests, Isidore Straus of Philadelnhia
won from Kid Carter, an overgrown
juvenile who hails from, Brooklyn. In
the sixth round, when Carter tried to
wring his opponent's neck. Referee
White Stopped the bout and awarded
the fight to Straus on a very palpable
foul. ■■ y - \W/k\\
Kid Brood of Cleveland and Frank
Patterson of Brooklyn were the partici
pants in the scrap that was brought on
as the second preliminary of the big
bout. They met for a ten round go
at 121 pounds and pummeled each oth
er in anything but a friendly manner.
When the lads came up for the tenth
and -last -round Patterson was the
fresher, v He more than held his own
in the last round and was declared the
winner by Referee White.
\: After the preliminary bouts had been
decided the 'betting was 100 to 90 in
-favor, of McCoy. A few minutes later
the betting -changed to even money.
There was a 'meeting held in the office
of the .club between McCoy, Tom
O'Rourke. and Referee Tim • .Hurst at
10:20 o'clock, ,at which there 'were sev
.eral prominent men, among whom
were Jim Kennedy, Eugene Comiskey
and Ken ' Benton, McCoy's *' manager.
'At this; conference it. was decided that
.Tim HurSt should decide as the official
.referee what constituted a clinch -and
thus obviate any difficulty the
merit entered', the ring.' r ■ t : ' , ' '•'>■■ :-. : vfih:?p
.■ft; Sharkey -arid McCoy ! entered, the ring
simultaneously at 10:23 p. m. Both
.wore bath robes, Sharkey s was of 'a
dark thrown color-* and McCoy's; was
almost white. McCoy's seconds were
Doc Payne, Con Reilly, Frank Erne;
timekeeper, . Nate Fcnton of Buffalo.
Sharkey's seconds were Tom O'Rourke,
Tommy Ryan -' of Syracuse, y George
Dixon and Jack Dougherty timekeeper.
Professor Jim de" Forrest... Sharkey's
weight was 172 and McCoy's 158 pounds.
7 MrCuy Wore white runniag trunks
«nd a belt bearing the stars and stripes.
Torn Wore* green trunks "with a belt of
American colors. They shook . hands
10:40 o'clock;, -. -. '/.y'.
Torn tried to force matters and McCoy
at close quarters sent a left to the
ear and ducked away from a left swing.
Each sent lefts to the head at close
quarters with little effect and McCoy's
foot work puzzled Tom, who could not
land until McCoy stopped after getting
a left on the breast. Tom then sent his
left to .the neck and the Kid jabbed a
hard left on the nose. This seemed to
annoy Tom, who was unused to such
quick footwork, and McCoy hit his op
ponent another jab on tho nose.
Twice around the ring McCoy side
stepped and at each stop forced his left
Jab, landing lightly. Suddenly the Kid
stood rigid and sent his right , to the
face, repeating the blow so hard that
Tom fell to the floor. He jumped up
like a rubber ball rebounding and again
he fell to the floor. The bell found
them sparring
FOURTH ROUND.
McCoy's foot work was . marvelous.
He cut out the pace and Sharkey could
not reach him through the Kid's clever
side-stepping. Once in a while McCoy
would. stop and send that long left to
the body or head. Tom tried all sorts
of dodges to bring his man to him. but
the Kid sidestepped all the time and
Tom's swings found the air. Sharkey
rushed and tried for the body, but the
Kid sidestepped again and sent two
hard lefts to the face. These blows
stunned Tom, but tbe latter stuck. his
tongue out as much as to say, "Those
don't count; try heavier." - >
EIGHTH ROUND.
They rushed to a clinch, with nothing doing. McCo? sent a left
swing- to the head, Tom uppercuttlng with left to the heal, then sparred'
•without any injury to either. Tom shouted. "I'm tired." The Kid led a beautiful
left for the head, but Tom twisted around, bringing his left to tie ribs. In a
. rush Tom played for the body, landing his . left, seemingly low, and the Kid ,
dropped to the floor of the ring, where he wriggled for eight seconds. It looked
a i 1 McCoy was down about twelve seconds, but the referee's court was only
eight seconds. McCoy came up again, seemingly uninjured, and fi.ished the
round sparring. -yy- - : .-••
-y NINTH ROUND.
McCoy opened with a left on the jaw and Tom replied -with left
and right on the head, forcing the Kid all over the ring. Tom forced the fighting
into 'his corner, where he got McCoy with a terrible left on the stomach, sending
a pail of water all over Tim Sullivan, who was sitting in a box. McCoy recu
perated quickly, but got another well in the wind, which forced him to the ropes.
Then Tom forced the fighting and landed a half dozen hard lefts on the nreast
and stomach as McCoy was trying to get away to the left. This was Vom's
round by long odds. " "V
TENTH ROUND.
The "Kid" kept skipping to the right and ran into a clinch, -where he held'
Tom. without a blow being struck. Sharkey, taking the advice of his chief sec
ond, Tom O'Rourke, played for the body, but McCoy effectually guarded himself
Then Tom turned his attention to the body, and landed on the rib's with left,",
forcing McCoy. Next Sharkey turned his attention to the upper works, with'
McCoy sprinting to the right, Sharkey having a decided advantage. The sailor let
fly both leu and right, landing on the body and forcing McCoy to the east end
of the ring, close to the center upright. McCoy faltered and Tom caught him
with a- left swing on the neck. McCoy fell to the floor of the ring, with his
head hanging over the lowest of the three ropes, looking Imploringly around.
The "Kid" lay there helplessly while the referee counted ten seconds, after which
he struggled to his feet. Sharkey, not knowing that the limit had expired,
rushed at him once more, this time swinging his right on the neck just below the
jaw, l^cCoy falling again. Then McCoy seemed to be in a helpless condition.
The referee, Tim Hurst, did not trouble himself in counting seconds, but waved
his right hand to Sharkey to retire to his corner, saying nt the same time:
"I counted McCoy out on the other fall. You have won."
McCov struggled to his feet and staggered to his corner, where his seconds
were already awaiting him, and they placed him on the stool, while Sharkey's
seconds almost smothered him with embraces and congratulations. Time of
round, 1 minute 13 seconds.
FITZSIMMONS READY
TO FIGHT SHARKEY
Willing to Re-enter the Ring at Any
Time After Three Weeks
\737'7 From Date. .
CLEVELAND," Jan. 10.— Bob Fitz
simmons declares he will fight Sharkey
at any time after three weeks from to
night, providing the latter will put up
a side bet of $10,000.
"I have always said that I never
would have anything to do with him
again," declared Fitzsimmons. "I licked
him fairly in San Francisco and then
was robbed of my money. Just let him
cover my forfeit of $2000 that Is with
a New York newspaper, put up a side
bet of $10,000 and I will make a match,
with him any day. I will lick him to
a finish, you can bet on that. I have
him now just where I want him."
The champion admitted that Sharkey
was a better man than when he fought
him in San Francisco, but said he
would have little trouble in putting him
out.
SHARKEY FAVORITE
IN SAN FRANCISCO
The Sailor's Friends Were Legion and
Thousands of Dollars Changed
Hands.
Although the sporting men of New-
York pinned their faith on "Kid" Mc-
Coy, the local sports played Sharkey
heavily to win the big match anywhere
APPORTIONMENT
OF SCHOOL FUNDS
How the Several Coun-
ties Will Fare.
7 Serial Dlsuatoh to . The Call..
-'- SACRAMENTO, Jan. 11.— Thomas J.
Kirk, "Superintendent' of Public 'Instruc
tion,. has apportioned the State* and School
.moneys 7to" the *.- several k counties'' . The
■ stat etrient- Show, the total number' of cen
sus schoolchildren between 5 and 17 years
of age- entitled to receive school money Is
247,624; amount per child, *>_ SS. The ap
portionment is as follows: .
:-K . '■•■y :^ ■,■'•'
COtXTIKS. ,
o©2
s ** a
Z *- *
•M 8 m I
'. c ?
:• a 1
■ , "s 3
Is
S »
c. *
. 1
• - .-...; ■ ■
Alameda
Alpine ........
Amador '.
Itntte '.
(Mill vera s . ... .
Colusa . .......
Contra" Costa . ..
Del Xorte. .
El. Dorado
iI'fSIKI ........
Glenn .........
Humboldt . . •"'• •
Inyo' ..........
Kern '
Kings
Lake ..........
I.assen .... ... .
Los Ang-elc*....
Madera
Marin ...',.....
Mariposa ......
Mendocino ....
Merced
Modoc
Mono .. . . .. ... .
Monterey
Napa '• • •
Nevada .. ,
Ornnge
7.709
; 1,328
it eutAi
\ ill
2.041
1,405
302
29,556 8173.780 88
89 523 32
2,948 17,334 24
4.209 25,101 72
2,858 16,805 04
143 ff '12,000 84
4,003 23.537 04
583 l : 3,428,04
2.272 13,339 36
7.709 45,681 72
1.32S . : 7,808 04
6,6541 30,125 52
. 900 ' v r • 5,874 1 2
3.319 ' 9.515 72:
2,429 14.282 52;
1,598 8,896 24
\ 1,150 6,797 28
42,0431 ' 247.212 84
1,402 8,586 56
2.892 17,904 96'
1,134 6,667 92
4,948 28,064 24;
2.041 12,001-08
1,405 8,614 20
.;. 302 ' 2,128 56
5.546 32,010 48
3,549 V , 20,868 12
4,181 . . 24,200 28
5,429 31,922 52
% 3.422 ■ 20,121 36
1,002 5.801 76
4.710 27,604 80
8,083 81,056 04
2,136 12,559 OH
6,5281 35.354 64
8.504 50,008 52
76,230 : 448,267 OS
' 7.520! ' -44,217 60
5,385 81,688 80
3,111 i 18,202 68
4,994 29,364 72
14,482 85.154 16
5,431 31,934 28
4.129 24,225 69
831 4,886 28
3,498 20.568 24
4,726- 27,788 88
9,107; 53,540 16
2,313 13,000.44
1,289 ' 7.579 32
2.738 ! 10.099 44
771 4.533 48
5,471 32,169 48
2.144 12,606 72
4,082' 24,002 10
3,389 19.927 32
2,020 11,912 88
2.948]
2,143
4,003 1
1,184
4,131
Placer '
Pinning
Riverside
Sacramento ... . .
Sun Benito
San Bernardino
San Diego
San Frnnclnco..
Snn Joaquin''"..'.'
Snn I.iitn Obispo
Snn Mateo.
Santa Barbara.
Santa Clara. ...
Santa Cruz. . ...
Shasta
Sierra
Siskiyou ......
Solano
' 7,
i,oo:
4,71
8,111
Sonoma
Stanislaus
Snt ter .........
Telia ma
Trinity
Tula re
Tuolumne
Ventura .......
Yolo ; ... .'
Ytina'. ..... .". . .
km Mm I iii i Mil i ihiiiiii l ■ HIW
-. ■ ■ ■ ■•
Totals
•47,624[82,044,020 12
Henry Shannon's Last Race.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 10.— Weather
cloudy; track heavy.
First race, one mile— Sailor King won.
Guide Rock second, Bonadea third. Time,
1:47%.
Second race, six and a half furlongs-
Beckon won, Cathedral second, Our Nellie
third. Time, I:2**-,.
Third race, handicap, one mile and a
quarter— Jim Hogg won, Laura May sec
ond. Partner third. Time, 2:21%.
Fourth race, handicap, seven and a half
furlongs. Branch won, Queen of Song sec
ond. Great Bend third.. Time. 1:39%. .
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards,
Blue Dan won, Traveler second, Mitt Boy
kin third. Time, 1:52*4.
Harry Shannon was cut down In the last
race and so badly injured that he was
destroyed. ___«. .
Kept Prom an Asylum.
WOODLAND, Jan. 10.— The relatives
of the old veteran, L. G. Stone, have
decided not to have him committed to
an asylum. He is regarded as harm
less, and a son-in-law will take him
to his home and keep him under sur
veillance for the present, -v/.
from one to twelve rounds. The local
pool sellers did a big business last even
ing. At Crowley's several thousand
dollars was betted in the auction pools
and quite a sum went into the pari mu
tuel box. It is said that at Corbett's
the winning tickets on Sharkey will
pay $10 for $1. _ . ...
The general opinion as expressed by
men who are supposed to be good
judges- of pugilistic contests is that
Sharkey proved to be too heavy a man
for his opponent, who must have be
come disgusted when he floored the
'Sailor" twice with punches on the
point of the jaw and failed to score a
knockout.
Eddie Graney thinks that "the sailor"
carries some kind of an Irish charm,
as it appears impossible for any man
to gain a knock-out decision over him.
Graney was sanguine that McCoy
would whip him when the results of
the second and third rounds were
flashed over the wire. DeWitt Van
Court, the boxing Instructor of the
Olympic Club, thought that Sharkey
would win from the time the match
was made. He said that he never yet
knew a good little man who whipped a
good big man, and the great trouble
among the sporting fraternity was that
it did not give Sharkey credit for what
he was capable of accomplishing in a
ring. Van Court is satisfied that the
body punches that Sharkey gave Mc-
Coy won the match.
"I hope to see a return match be
tween Jeffries and Sharkey," said Van
Court. "I think that Jeffries would
certainly knock out the sailor if they
should ever meet again; but I expect
to see lucky Tom matched against Fitz
simmons."
HIS WEDDED LIFE
PROVES UNHAPPY
George M. Pullman's Do-
mestic Woes.
Special Dispatch ,to The Call.
CHICAGO,' Jan. ID.— About Aye '
months ago the social circles of Chi
cago^ and "New York were startled by !
the announcement" that George M. Pull- j
man Jr., the practically * disinherited i
son of the late palace car man. had I
secretly married Miss Lynah Fernald \
of this city, who was supposed to have i
been the affianced bride of his twin i
brother, W. Sanger Pullman. To-day j
the same circles were startled by the !
rumor that Mrs. Pullman would arrive j
at her father's home, 4434 Greenwood I
avenue, for an indefinite stay, and j
would immediately take steps to obtain
a divorce from her young husband.
That Mrs. Pullman is coming home is
admitted by the parents of the young I
woman, but they steadfastly refuse to : j
discuss the rumor that she has sep- I
arated ; from her husband. To a re- |
porter it was said Mr. Pullman was
very much broken in health, and. while !
he seeks to recover vigor at Southern
resorts, his wife would spend the time
in Chicago. '
* A dispatch from Freehold, N. J.,
where the Pullmans have lived since |
their marriage, says Pullman has given i
his wife a 99-year lease of the cottage I
they have occupied, which, was the j
wedding gift of the young man's I
mother. This fact, coupled with the |
further fact that the young-- man was !
! in Chicago last Saturday, when he is j
said to have visited his father-in-law
i and besought him to intercede with I
; Mrs. Pullman for the purpose of indue-
J ing her to abandon the idea of a i
! divorce, leads to the belief that the
• separation is not of his seeking. He j
i complained then of Indigestion and in- I
1 ability to sleep, the result of overwork. j
What reply his wife's father made is
not known. Mr. Fernald acknowledges
the call was made and that Mr. Pull
man was "not in robust health," but i
he would not say whether the question i
i of a divorce was discussed.
Just what part Mr. Pullman's health i
has played in actuating Mrs. Pullman !
In her endeavor to sunder the matri- j
monial tie is not known. Her friends i
! say the couple have been happy and are
greatly puzzled by the flying rumors. i
It was said to-night Mr. Pullman is at j
Hot Springs, Ark., but if he is there he i
is not registered under his own name
at any of the hotels, nor could he be
located at Ashevllle, N. C, where an- j
other rumor located him. , Fernald pere,
though a fast friend of the elder Pull
man, never regarded the boys favor
ably and when a year ago the engage
ment of his daughter with W. Sanger
Pullman was announced, he immedi
ately took steps to prevent the mar
riage.
It was supposed to be all off. between
the families, and when dispatches came
from New York in' August last an
nouncing the marriage of the girl, not
with her old flame, but with the twin
brother, tongues of gossips were set
wagging. The Fernalds denied that a
wedding had taken place, and it was
found the young lady had, without con
sulting her parents, gone East to meet
and marry Pullman. A reconciliation
followed, though Mrs. Pullman has not
visited her home since she voluntarily
left it in defiance of the known wishes
of her father. ... ; -/:♦"■'-
STOCK WINTERING WELL.
Few. Animals Lost on the Shasta
County Ranges.
REDDING, Jan. 10.— Reports from
the stock runs indicate that cattle, \
sheep and horses are weathering the j
big storm with few fatalities. The pre- j
nomenal sales of last summer and fall <
thinned out the herds to such an ex- i
tent that there is an abundance of feed j
and shelter for the stock held over.
This applies more particularly to the j
sections , where stock-raising Is the I
principal industry and where heavy \
winters are anticipated and prepared \
against.- In other sections where stock- I
raising is . incidental to farming and i
dairying, cattle and ' horses have not i
been .safeguarded, to the same extent. j
Occasional bunches of stock have been!
caught out on the ranges and snowed
in, but have been rescued with small j
losses. : "• "7
RAIN AND GALE
ON THE COAST
Deluge From the Skies
Continues.
HIGH WIND DOES DAMAGE
MINOR LOSSES REPORTED FROM
SEVERAL POINTS. '
Throughout California the Storm If
Pronounced One of the Heaviest
Occuring in Recent
Years.
Special* dispatch to "the Call. I , '. *$
VACAVILLE, Jan. 10.— Rain began
falling here at 2 o'clock yesterday after
noon and continued up to 2 to-day. The
total precipitation for the twenty-four
j hours was a fraction over 4 inches.
| From present indications there will be
j more, as a heavy south wind is blow
ing. The rain was a blessing not only
to the farmers, but to the townspeople.,,
as well. Much sickness-has prevailed*-"
--! owing to the effects of the dryness and
low water in veils. La grippe has
J taken a firm hold here. In many
| homes whole families are bedridden
j with the malady. One peculiar feature
, of the disease is that the patient is al
ways attacked by a slight form of
pneumonia.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 10.— The rain
which began to fall this afternoon
amounted to .20 of an inch up to 5
jp. m. From that hour to 9 p. m 1.10
i inches fell, making 1.30 for the storm
to-day. Indications are that the rain will
j keep up all night. From various parts
! of the county a heavy downpour is re
ported.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 10.— Generous
rains fell throughout Southern Cali-
I fornia to-day and the storm continues.
| Rain commenced to fall at 7 o'clock
! this morning and at 5 o'clock to-night
I the Government gauge registered 1.47
j inches, making 2.26 inches for the '
j season. Bountiful crops are how as- *-
! sured to ranchers and fruit-growers.
JAMESTOWN, Jan. 10.— It has been
I raining for the past twenty-four hours,
; the precipitation being 2.05 inches. The
i storm continues. It has been snowing
| in the mountains the greater part of
! the" week. In Strawberry Valley the
snow is seven feet deep. Plenty of water
for next summer is assured and the j;
mining men are happy. . The .Rawhide.,
and App quartz mills started to-night.
Two hundred stamps are now dropping
in this district and by the end of the
week sixty additional stamps will be
pounding on ore. At nearly , all the
mines additional men are being put at
work- " .. .7 7.7
WOODLAND, Jan. 10.— This has been " '"
a stormy day and dry weather prophets
are no longer in evidence. The storm :
began about 3 o'clock yesterday after-,
noon, and there was a gentle .down- -
pour for three or four hours. Then a
strong southeast gale began to blow
and the intensity of the storm increased.
For three or four hours the precipita
tion was quite heavy. About midnight *•'
the velocity of the wind increased and i 5
there was a lull in the rainfall. But .;
this, was only temporary. At 9 o'clock 1
• this morning a driving storm from the
southeast begai**t*"ah"d the downpour fa
pine*; : been 7, very steady. At - 8 "j o'clock.-- j
■ this morning the rainfall for the stori *,\
; amounted' to 1.12 Inches, making a total '
! for the season' of 6.47 inches.' ' At the'"'"
| same time last year the rainfall only -■*
| amounted to 4.40 inches. The .barome
j ter is below 29 and still has a down
; ward tendency. The wind is' in the *
southeast, although there are-indica
| tions of an upper current, and it is
j probable that the storm originaliv
| started in the northwest. During the
i storm Monday night the damage to
i trees, fences, etc., was very heavy.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 10.— The
| heaviest storm since 1595 began here
i last night, and to-day an old-fashioned
southeaster ls blowing, the wind reach
ing 33 miles an hour. The rainfall for
the storm was 2.24; for the season 6.11.
More showers are predicted for to-night
and to-morrow. ; ;;.; ,-> ■ .
SAN MIGUEL, Jan. 10.— Rain com
menced falling here at 7 o'clock last
evening and a copious downpour was
kept up during the night. With this
second general storm of the season
the long-continued dry spell is believed
to have been completely -broken,
and the drought-stricken people of
northern San Luis Obispo and southern
Monterey counties are in consequence
rejoicing greatly. With a few warm
days following the rain, the green feed
will soon cover the barren hills > and.
plains. j .
SANTA MARIA, Jan. 10.— All appre
hensions of drought ended with the
steady downpour for the last twelve
hours, 3 inches of rain having fallen .
since New Year's. The weather still Is
threatening. A large grain acreage, is
already sown. The new .beet-sugar
factory has a large area of beets con
tracted for, which now insures their
planting and a good return. f.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 10.— The storm
which raged here last night and to-day
has done considerable damage through
out the county. The telegraph and tel
ephone wires in many districts are
down, and from several quarters come
reports of houses and outbuildings
damaged by the heavy gale of wind.-
A good part of the roof of the Cosmo
politan. Hotel, on the corner of B and
Second streets, was blown off at an
early hour this morning. In the lower
part of town the streets are running
rivers. *.- : *.;
MUCH DAMAGE BY THE - , '
STORMJT SAUSALITO
SAUSALITO, Jan. 10.— The . storm
which raged last night and this morn
ing has damaged property here to the
extent of thousands of dollars. : The
breakwater • along the front . was
washed out 'n numerous, places, and
boulders, many of which will weigh a
ton, * were carried completely across
Water street and deposited on the op
posite sidewalk.' Several houses came
near being carried away and the coun
ty road ; north of town was submerged
so as .to' prevent traffic. ;
The southeaster struck the town just
at high tide, about 10 o'clock.' The rocks"
of the seawall were torn loose along ■
the front and in places the .roadway
caved in nearly to* the center. All the
platforms and woodwork in.. front of
the San Francisco Yacht ..Club house
and Buffalo Hotel were washed away
and a repetition 'of the storm would
endanger the buildings themselves. A
portion of the rock breakwater of th_
Narrow Gauge .* Company has disap
peared. Much piling has been torn •
loose and carried away. The county
road near Mason's distillery is com
pletely submerged and at points the"
roadbed is crossed by roaring" torrents.
For a while it was feared that -John
Perry's house on the low ground near
the railroad bridge would be carried
into the bay.
. Westerson's sloop, the Amy, was sunk'
and a number of smaller boats battered
almost to pieces. " Even the -United '•
States Fish Commissioners' steamer,
the Albatross, .required two anchors to
hold her in place. A good deal of fenc
ing and four small buildings were de
molished, as were the roofs of 'several
dwellings. ; • ■ 7 v ;-;CALIFORNIA LEGISLATORS REPUDIATE
BRAZEN CLAIMS OF DANIEL M. BURNS
BURNS' VAUNTED STRENGTH
GONE GLIMMERING IN WIND
* * .:■ /
The Boastful Boss Fell Far Short of the Number of
■ / Votes Claimed.
On ; the Wall Is the Writing That the Candelaria Mine-Owner Has Been Weighed
and Found Wanting and His Defeat Is Certain, While the Honor of
California Is Saved From Disgrace. «
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 10^-D. M. Burns will not
be the next United States Senator from
California. So much was demonstrated
to-day when the Legislature cast its
first ballot and of the 11$ votes polled
Burns received but twenty-four.
The announcement of the result was
a great shock to the army of political
touts, ward-heelers, gamblers and
saloon men who have been engaged
during the past few days in obeying
orders by spreading the report that
Burns had the fight won and that he
had enough votes and to spare to elect
him on the first ballot if such a course
was deemed .vise. They took their or
ders' willingly and obeyed them blindly
and there is little doubt but that they
believed the tales they told of Burns'
strength were gospel truth.
This same crowd of heelers trooped
to the Capitol this morning prepared to
shout for their boss when the vote had
been counted and the result announced.
They returned a sad-eyed and crest
fallen crew, too dazed by the blow they
had received to fully realize that their
idol had fallen and that his pretensions
made during the past few days were
only a bluff.
.; Burns polled his full strength to
day. The twenty-four votes given
him on the first ballot are all that he
has been able to secure by means of
his • political influence, the influence
of W. H. Herrin of the Southern Pa
cific Company, the offer of patron
age under the control of Governor
Gage,' and intimidation offered by a
crowd of political highbinders whose
reputations are as unsavory as that
of their master. From thi time for
ward any accession of strength must
he gained by bribery. To learn the
names of the legislators who accept
the money of Burns and the railroad
company in return for their votes the
public has but to watch for the names
of those who from this time forward
enroll themselves under the Burn 3
banner.
Never in the history of the State has
a Senatorial candidate been surrounded
And supported by as disreputable a
crowd of professional grafters as is
Dan Burns. Aside from a few — very
few — personal friends, the men among
his followers who lay claim to a sem
blance of respectability can be counted
on the fingers of one hand. The hotels
and lobbies swarm with this unsavory
•mob to which every city and town of
• consequence in the State has con
tributed. They swarm about a legisla
. tor like sharks around a swimmer.
Thejr very presence contaminates and
their simulated friendship is a curse.
Not only did the vote to-day pull the
mask from Burns' boom and display it
in all its meager nakedness, but it also
•let the light of day in on the preten
sions that have been made by that
. oth'^r eminent statesman. U. S. Grant
.Jr.', of San Diego. The Grant men have
indulged in much talk about a certain
paper containing the signatures of
thirty-six legislators who had pledged
themselves to vote for the San Diegan
from the beginning to the end, and on
this the Grant followers have built
•hopes that fell far short of realization
to-day. Of the thirty-six votes on which
the- counted but twenty-six material
ized.' Just what became of the missing
ten is a problem Mr. Grant's managers
are now trying to solve. They have
small hopes of success In this direction
•and contentment does not sit at the
Grant fireside to-night.
Not even Mr. Grant's managers can
now figure out how it is possible for
him to win. The men who voted for
him to-day are, with but few excep
tions, men who follow his standard for
purely selfish reasons and not because
of social, political or party ties. Grant
is. practically unknown to Republican
politics in California. He has resided
here but a short time, and during that
time he has done nothing to justify him
In asking for the highest place in the
gift of the Republicans of the State.
He is a stranger In a strange land, and
his position and personality are not
such as will draw men to him in such
a crisis as is approaching in the Sena
torial contest. Within the next few
days he may gain a few votes, probably
not more than half a dozen, but it is
very, certain that he will be unable to
held the strength he now has for more
than ' three ballots. The legislators
whose election expenses he has paid
and who feel in honor bound— if it is
possible for such men to have a feeling
akfn to honor— to cancel their obliga
tions by voting for their banker will,
after the second or third ballot, con
sole themselves with the thought that
their debt has been paid and that they
are at liberty to vote as hey please.
The prospect before Mr. Grant is cer
., thinly not a cheerful one.
If Burns and Grant are in the dumps
on account of the result of to-day's
vote there are others who feel more
cheerful. Bulla, Barnes and Knight
I •' '
are wearing broad smiles to-night and
are not slow in confiding to their
friends that they consider their chances
improved 50 per cent. There is cer
tainly some ground for such a belief
and there are some shrewd politicians
in Sacramento to-night who are saying
that the next United States Senator
will be either Barnes, Bulla or Knight,
their chances for success being graded
in the order in which they are named.
Grant's managers evidently realize this,
for they are now at working trying to
induce the Barnes, Bulla and Knight
forces to enter a caucus to oppose
Burns. As the situation stands to-day
the Grant forces outnumber those of
either one of the candidates, and if a
caucus be held for the ostensible pur
pose of opposing Burns, who is no
longer dangerous, the Grant men would
swallow the others and might thus he
enabled to carry off the Senatorial
plum.
Much speculation is being Indulged in
regarding the ultimate course that will
be pursued by the Los Angeles dele
gation in the event that its members
should conclude that their candidate
has no chance to win. There are seven
members in the delegation. Even in
the improbable event that the entire
delegation should desert Bulla and go
to either Grant or Burns, the effect
would not materially change the con
ditions of the contest as they are pre
sented to-day. If Burns were to fall
heir to all of the seven votes In the Los
Angeles delegation, together with all
of the votes that were cast for Grant
to-day. he would still lack four votes
of the number necessary to elect. The
same thing may be said of Grant. If
all of Burns' votes and all. of the Los
Angeles delegation's votes were to be
cast for him he would still be short
four votes.
For men who have played their
last card, and who in their personali
ties present conditions which will pre
vent them falling heir to the votes of
others, the condition of Burns and
Grant is desperate.
BULLA MEN ELATED
OVER THE OUTLOOK
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 10.— The friends of Senator
Robert N. Bulla feel that the result of the
first ballot for United States Senator
taken to-day makes their candidate not
only a positive factor in the contest but
they are elated at the prospect that opens
up for their favorite to step in and carry
off the much sought for honor.
After the ballot taken in the Senate and
Assembly and both houses had adjourned
Senator Bulla came at once to the As
sembly chamber, and was there surround
ed by a happy company of his supporters,
including Assemblymen Belshaw, Mellick,
Valentine and Miller, and Councilman C.
H. Toll, E. A. Meserve and George H.
Stewart of Los Angeles. All seemed
to be very happy over the result
of the first round up, and after
a brief consultation they all moved
to Senator Bulla's headquarters at the
Golden Eagle. Here, in the course of the
next two hours, the Bulla men congre
gated and held consultation with the man
whom they are seeking to elevate.
The eleven votes Bulla received are all
the Senator himself expected to have on
the first ballot. It is true that his sup
porters claimed more. They figured on
sixteen or seventeen, but Bulla himself
had never placed the figure that high.
Assemblyman Cosper, who voted for
Bulla, has all along been placed in the
Grant column. The managers for the San
Diego man counted confidently on getting
his vote, and were very much surprised
when they failed to obtain it and it was
cast for the Los Angeles man. But it
seems, according to Assemblyman Cosper
himself, that the Grant people never had
any reason to figure so confidently that
his vote would go to their candidate. He
had never at any time made them any
pledge or promise, nor had he even inti
mated that he intended to vote for Grant.
So, under these circumstances. Assembly
man Cosper states that the Grant man
agers had no reason to be surprised that
he should have voted for Bulla.
The nulla leaders were gratified when
they received the vote of Speaker Wright
He had never pledged himself to vote for
Bulla, but had at all times stated that
he thought highly of the Los Angeles
man. The substantial manifestation he
gave of his esteem on the ballot to-day
was most satisfactory to Senator Bulla.
The Los Angeles delegation held a con
ference with the Bulla leaders In ' the
afternoon and it was decided to make a
most aggressive campaign along these
lines. No attempt will be made to break
into the vote of either Burns or Grant
but an energetic canvass will be made
to secure the promise of Senators and
Assemblymen to vote for Bulla as their
second choice.
Senator Bulla, in speaking of the situ
ation this evening, said:
"I feel deeply grateful to the eleven
friends who honored me with their votes
on the first ballot to-day. It was all the
votes I expected. Some of my friends
have been making statements that I
would poll more votes, but I myself have
never given out any figures at all. I
wish to say that the vote I have received
is proof of the truth of the assertion that
I have heretofore made that a man can
be a candidate for the Senate of the
United States before the California Leg
islature simply for what he is. as an hon
orable citizen, and that his candidacy will
receive respectful consideration at the
hands of enough members of the Senate
and Assembly to make him a substantial
factor in the fight without the expendi
ture of a single dollar on his part.
"Yes, sir; I am in this contest to the
THJ_ SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, _ 899.
end, and I believe that I have a most ex
cellent prospect. I have personal and
written assurances from a number of
Senators and Assemblymen that I am
their second choice. At this time I do
not care to state exactly how many there
are, but enough when the break comes to
put my name up ln the front rank of the
candidates."
The feeling among some of the Grant
men, and more particularly the Grant
leaders, against Bulla Is intense and bit
ter. The Bullaites held firm and strong
against all efforts of Milton Green, James
Brown, United States Marshal Shine and
Walter Bacon, Grant's managers, to
break in on the Bulla column. For forty
eight hours prior to the ballot a most de
termined but unavailing effort was made
by these leaders to draw Bulla out of the
fight and swing his vote, or as much of
it as could be moved over to Grant. But
MOREHOUSE NOMINATING BARNES FOR UNITED STATES SENATOR.
the Bullaites were bullet proof against all i
argument or alluring promises, and this j
made the Grant leaders very mad.
The feeling that Green, Brown and the !
rest of them may have against Bulla, I
however, by no means extends to the \
members of the Senate and Assembly who
to-day voted for Grant.* Among those I
twenty-Six men Bulla has a number of
friends who, if Grant retires from the
race, could not be persuaded to vote for
any man other than Bulla, if he was still
a candidate when Grant dropped out.
Senator Jones of Orange County, Cap
tain Mlllce, the Assemblyman from Riv
'. could not be persuaded to vote for
man other than Bulla. If he was still
mdidate when Grant dropped out.
nator Jones of Orange County. Cap-
Milice. the Assemblyman from Rlv
erside; Senator Smith of Kern, and sev
eral others who voted for Grant to-day
are known to be very kindly disposed to
ward Bulla when It comes to their sec
ond choice, If they are ever called upon
to exercise it.
The figures which the Bulla men count
on in the matter of the number of As
semblymen and Senators who have either
verbally or otherwise promised to consid
er Bulla as a second choice Is thirty
six. They figure that nine of the eleven
votes they received to-day will stay with
them. Therefore, when the break comes,
if it does at all. they will have, so they
claim, on the first ballot thereafter forty
five votes.
They figure that the break will not
come until after the third joint ballot.
They look for it Thursday noon. They
figure that on the Joint ballot to-morrow
Bulla will receive the full eleven votes
that he got to-day. ,
An alarming rumor reached Bulla hind
quarters this evening to the effect that
the leaders of Grant's fight had fully de
termined to make George A. Knight the
heir to all the Grant votes- they could
swing to him as soon as they ascertained
that they could not elect their man. The j
story was that the Grant leaders were as
fully determined to use their influence to ;
knock out any chance Bulla had as they
were to defect Burns. This being the
case, it was alleged that they had select
ed George Knight as the most likely can- !
didate with which to accomplish their
purpose. • •
The Grant managers when seen prompt
ly denied that they were for one moment
considering any second choice. They put
on a very bold front and an air of confi
dence. "Why." said Milton Green, "we
are going to elect Mr. Grant and we want
you and everybody else to understand
that we are not thinking of anybody in
this contest but U. S. Grant Jr."
Mr. Knight himself was seen and asked
what he knew of the possibility of his se
curing a good portion of the Grant vote
If It ever left the San Diego man and
sought lodgment with some other can
didate. Mr. Knight said: "If that vote
should leave Grant and go elsewhere I see
no reason why I should not secure a good
share of it. I got to-day all I expected or
asked for. That was the support of my
old. home, county of Humboldt. That por
tion of Grant's strength which comes
from Northern California counties is
made up of men who are my personal
friends and who certainly are not other
than kindly disposed toward me. I see no
reason why these votes should not come
to me."
Mr. Knight is not making an aggressive
fight. He is striving to keep on the friend
liest terms with all the other candidates
and their supporters, so that If there
should ever be a general break up he
would be In a position to catch everything
that might have a tendency to come his
way. After the joint ballot to-morrow it
might so happen that his name will be
dropped out for two or three ballots. The
object of this move would be to avoid any
impression that might go out that he was
the candidate of the supporters of .say,
either Grant or Burns, which might be the
case if he remained in the race for every
ballot up to the time of the break and
were to receive a few scattering votes
from any of the candidates.
GENERAL BARNES IS
CONFIDENT OF SUCCESS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 10.— General W. H. L.
Barnes is elated over the outcome of to
day's vote for Senator, a feeling. It may
be said, parenthetically, that is far from
being shared in by some of the other con
testants, even though they received more
votes than he. To-night the general re
viewed the situation, analyzing the bal
lot of to-day In this way:
"I am entirely satisfied with my own
position in this contest as shown by tne
initial vote. So far as the two leading
candidates are concerned, one can only
conjecture as to the loss or gain they will
show on the succeeding ballots. From my
limited knowledge of Mr. Grant's direct
ness, I should say he had approximated
his full strength. Governor Gages
avowed hostility to him, while it will have
the effect of drawing closer to Mr. Grant
his personal following, will also tend to
keep from him those members of the
Legislature who are still free to vote for
whom they choose. I, therefore, conclude
that he has reached the zenith of nis
strength.
"As to Mr. Burns' standpoint it is en
tirely different. He is so astute and
adroit that I believe he purposely failed
to expose his full strength to-day, though
the Lord only knows where he has camp
ed his reserve. I think that none of them
tire within my small inclosure. But I
feel satisfied that wherever they are to
night, he will have a larger vote Wednes
day than he did to-day. How long he will
hold his men I do not pretend to say.
"My own support will be materially in
creased on Wednesday's ballot, although
for obvious reasons I do not care to state
just how much or who my reinforcements
are. It is sufficient that I am entirely
satisfied with the situation. I will only
add that every vote I received to-day I
will hold to the end. There is not the
remotest possibility of a single defection
from me at any stage of the contest."
Will Nominate Again To-Day.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. in.— first joint ballot
for Senator will be held ln the Assembly
chamber at noon to-morrow and then
there will be another display of oratory,
for the candidates will be again placed
in nomination. Senator Wolfe of San
Francisco will nominate Burns and As
semblyman Pierce of Yolo will make the
seconding speech.
Senator Smith of Kern County will
nominate Grant, and Senator Cutter of
Yuba will follow with a seconding speech.
Bulla will be nominated by Senator Simp
son of Los Angeles, and Assemblyman
Belshaw of Contra Costa and Assembly
man Valentine of Los Angeles will second.'
Senator Davis of Amador will nominate
Irving M. Scott. Senator Morehouse of
Santa Clara will present the name of
General Barnes and Assemblyman Lard -
ncr will make the seconding speech.
NOMINATIONS OF CANDIDATES
MADE IN GLOWING SPEECHES.
Words of Eulogy That Rang Well in the Ears of the
Aspirants.
Morehouse Carried Off the Palm in Bis Tribute to the Qualities of General
Barnes, While Others Told of the Good Traits of Their Favorites
in Terms That Would Fit the Best of Men.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-
I MENTO, Jan. 10. When the time came
I at noon to-day .for the forty State Sen
■ ators to register their choice for.United
States Senator the Senate chamber was
crowded. The scene was impressive
rather than exciting. The hold-over
decorations of the inaugural ball were
in sight and the mirrors reflected. the
gestures of the statesmen who eulo
gized their respective favorites. The
| gallery was well filled with on-lookers.
i On the main floor of the lobby the aisles
! and the spaces about the presiding offi
cer's desk were occupied by interested
spectators.
Thomas Flint, president pro tern, of
the Senate, presided. The perfunctory
reading of the law relating to the elec
tion of United States Senators in Con
gress occupied but a short measure of
time and then nominating speeches
were in order.
Among the spectators there was quite
a number of well-known citizens of
Alameda County. George C. Pardee sat
on one side of Senator Stratton and
Guy C. Earl on. the other. William
Friend, who headed the procession of
Pardee rooters at the Republican State
Convention last summer, was a looker
on in Sacramento.
Other counties than Alameda had
I visiting statesmen. Jim Rea, all the
| way from San Jose, was there to listen
to Shortridge oratory and admire the
J Shortridge pose. Shortridge in his
; speech exalting Dan Burns as a man
I of action sought to say a few pleasant
words of the other candidates for Sen
i atorial favor. For a moment he found
i it difficult, if not embarrassing, to find
j just the right phrase of compliment for
j the San Diego statesman. With eyes
j fixed on the ceiling the orator paused
| for a moment and then as if inspired
i exclaimed "Beautiful Grant." Jim Rea
i drew a long sigh of relief. He knew
then that the cherished Senator was on
earth again.
Martin Kelly lent his presence to the
audience in the Senate chamber. When
the vote was progressing in the Senate
he had not heard of the falling down
of Merrill in the Assembly and was con
i sequently in a placid frame of mind.
I For political reasons Kelly is lined up
! for Dan Burns, but bitter tears he will
I not be shedding if Stephen White's
mantle in its descending flight should
j fall on other than Dan's shoulders. He
knows that in its descent It will have to
pass all the other aspirants to reach the
colonel.
Surveyor General J. M. Gleaves of
the Federal brigade sat alongside of
Senator Laird. The latter was elected
to represent in the Senate the same
constituency that was represented last
session by General Gleaves. The term
elected to represent is used advisedly in
Laird's case. He was chosen to repre
sent an intelligent and progressive con
stituency in Modoc, Shasta and Siski
you counties, but had he in advance
declared his intention to support Dan
Burns for United States Senator he
would have been beaten out of sight.
. Senators Sims, La Rue, Boggs, Braun
hart and Doty comprise a block of five
Democrats. The block voted for White
for United States Senator. Ex-Railroad
Commissioner La Rue kept company
with his fellow Democrats. Ex-Sena
tors E. C. Voorheis of Amador and S.
N. Androus of Los Angeles listened to
the nominating eloquence. 4__|H
Senator Simpson lost no time In get
ting to the floor with both feet to eulo
gize Mr. Bulla when President Flint
announced that nominations were in
order. In his speech he spoke of the
vast and growing greatness of this na
tion and said that the country was
bounded on the west by the day of
judgment. In other speeches the day
of judgment was significantly referred
to. Senator Morehouse expressed the
sentiment that this day was the day of
judgment for the Republican party of
California. i .•'.-'
Senator Stratton gave the Senate the
surprise of the day. He had intimated
that he intended to cast his vote for
Judge Morrow,, .but as the Judge
evinced no desire to get into the race
Senator Stratton did not put him in.
The Alameda! Senator i therefore cast
his vote for General W. H. L. Barnes.
Senator Leavltt's eulogy of Dan
Burns did not elicit one hand of ap
plause. He spoke in a clear, penetrat
ing voice, using clear-cut sentences to
express his meaning, but every one
within the sound of his voice knew that
he was not giving expression to the
sentiments of his people in Alameda
County. Leavitt is a young man who
unites some ability with a deal of con
celt. Years of experience would tend
to remove the conceit and enhance the
ability, but the young statesman has
elected to dig his political grave. The
people of Alameda County are indulg
ent, but forbearance ceases to be a
virtue when one of their public servants
espouses the cause of Dan Burns for
United States Senator.
Senator Morehouse's speech nominat
ing General Barnes had the merit of
eloquence and impressive simplicity. In
all respects it was the best production
of the day in the Senate.
Senator Nutt of San Diego made the
nominating speech for U. S. Grant Jr.,
and Senators Cutter and Boyce added
their testimony to the worth of the
San Diego candidate. Senator Gillette
of Humboldt sourfded the praises of
George A. Knight and George, sitting
alongside of Senator Luchsinger, lis
tened to the pleasant words of eulogy.
Senators Stratton and Luchsinger made
brief speeches seconding the nomination
of General Barnes. Senator Davis of
Amador made the simple announce
ment:
"I place in nomination Irving M.
Scott."
Senators Bettman and Wolfe of San
Francisco * seconded the nomination of
Burns.
Senator Sims, speaking for the Demo
cratic minority, nominated Stephen M."
White, and Senator Doty took pleasure
in paying a tribute to Mr. White's abil
ity and Integrity. Senator Rowell of
Fresno had the honor of placing the
: name of Thomas Bard of Ventura be- ;
j fore the Senate.
MOREHOUSE NAMES BARNES
Probably the best speech of the day
was that made by Senator Morehouse
of Santa Clara in . nominating General
W. H. L. Barnes. He said:
In arising before this honorable body to
present the name of one of the most dis
tinguished and eloquent men that ever
lived within the State
of California for the
position of . United
States Senator I do
not wish to detract
one single thing, or
take one honor, or say
one word that will
affect the character
and standing of the
other gentlemen whose
names have been pre
sented to this honor
able body.
General Barnes.
Truly, as my friend Simpson has said
only let me put It a little differently— he
said. "We are bounded on the West by
the day of judgment." Let me say to you
Senators, and let me say to the Republi
can party of California, that to-day is
the day of judgment of the Republican
party of this great State.
It is the most important election that
ever has been known in the history of
California for a United States Senator;
in fact, this is one of the most important
crises in the history of the American re
public—nay, never since the days of re
construction has there presented itself to
the American people so solemn, profound
and great an occasion, demanding judg
ment, demanding education, demanding
patriotism, demanding personal honor, de
manding all that goes to make a great
people and a great nation.
We are now adopting a new policy. Far
out over the sea the grand old flag of our
country begins to float, and beneath its
folds the simplest cry of the humblest
citizen of this republic— aye, the bitterest
agony, or the prayers that seemingly are
unheard save by God, shall be recognized,
upheld, maintained and protected, I thank
God, under the flag of my country, and
with the patriotism of our people.
Nor is this alone to us as Republicans.
Only a few days ago, in this Senate cham
ber, with one grand united voice, the
North and the South, the Democrat and
j the Republican, all Joined in one special
] plea to our representatives in the highest
i halls of our National Congress to support
j this administration to. maintain and pro
tect our flag and extend our territory and
to let the world know that the American
eagle's cry shall be heard and that the
American eagle shall be carried to the
front as the Roman eagle was carried
until the world shall know that the
United States of America is the grandest,
| the best and the greatest people on God's
] green earth.
Nor are we alone on that question. I
' beg you to remember that a Senator now
: is called upon to perform a duty that no
! Senator has been called upon to perform
! for more than a quarter of a century. We
| are to deal with our relations with for
j eign territories; and the man who stands
; where our Webster stood, and the man
i who stands where Blame stood, and the
I man who stands where a Sumner stood,
must be a man big enough he must be a
man broad enough, he must be a man elo
quent enough to represent our nation in
its relation to all the nations of the
earth. Nor is that all. Out over the isles
of the sea must be established a new "vol
ley. There must our flag be upheld; there
we will be brought into relations with
these governments that will require a man
in the United States Senate that knows
international law.
We are to bring forth treaties; we are
to establish governments— some probably
civil, others probably political, and as a
protectorate, and in all this we need a
man as big as the nation itself. Nor
;is that all. Down in Cuba our arms have
gone forth, our matchless armies have
carried victory before them, our navy has
astonished the world, until to-day all the
eyes of civilization are looking up to the
grandeur, the dignity, the character, the
nobility and the patriotism of our land
and of our country.
We need at this time a man of years;
we need a man of experience; we need a
man whose past life is but an earnest of
what his future will be. We need a
1 man who can stand in the shoes of Web-
I ster in wisdom., who can stand there, in
the fiery, burning eloquence of Clay, and
1 startle the world and let them know that
this empire here on the Pacific, this grand
'California, has within its borders as
great an orator as has ever spoken at
any time in the history of the world; a
Republican who learned his lesson of Re-,
publicanism as it fell— golden truths of
patriotism and right— the lips of
Abraham Lincoln, the matchless patriot •
and prophet.
When Lincoln made that memorable
trip of his to Washington in dis
guise that he* might not be assass
inated when he arrived in the city
of Washington, there was one, then only
a boy. however, who stood in the chamber
to receive him, one who saw the great
patriot stand in his majesty and his-dl<?
nity, and heard the words of patriotism
and wisdom fall from his lips— and that
was General W. H. L. Barnes of Califor
nia. (Applause.)
For more than a quarter of a century
his eloquent voice has held thousands
and thousands of people thrilled with its
beauty, with its patriotism, with its
pathos, with its honesty and with Its
truth.
For more than a quarter of a century
he has led the Republican party of Cali
fornia. There is not a hamlet, there is
not a village, there is not a city— yea,,
i there is not a place in this State where
eloquence could be heard, where match
less beauty of expression might be ut
tered, where patriotism could be aroused,
where the public mind could be thrilled
with marvelous oratory and beauty of
thought, where General Barnes has not
stood to represent the principles of the
Republican party; and for more than a
quarter of a century he has led our hosts
out in the front of battle. Like my friend,
George A. Knight, whom I love and
whose ability no man questions— has
General Barnes gone forth to battle. And,
I strange as It may seem— is strange to.
me, It is marvelously strange that this
■ old Republican party of California, when
it comes to the election of a United States
Senator, forgets who its leaders have
been and who have stood the brunt of
battle to carry aloft the banner of the
Republican party of this State.
My friend Bulla comes from Los An
—clean, kind, gentle and able—
Mr. Grant— we all love him— aye, we re
vere the memory of his father. We all
know that, when he was dying on the
banks of the Hudson and the doctor's
finger touched the parting pulse of that
great statesman and great soldier, the
whole world bowed Its head in sorrow and
in sympathy. We have no unkind words,
therefore, for his son, whose name is pre
sented here. For Colonel Dan Burns, who
j has made many a fight in the Republican
party and whose organizing capacity and.
whose executive ability and whose energy j
none of us deny— we have no unkind j
words for him. But who, I pray, in all
this matchless galaxy of good men can.
better represent not only the Republican
i party of California but represent the
j State than General Barnes?
I arise, then, to present to this
! Senate, yea, to present to my j
■ many Democratic friends in the c
I Senate as well for their considera- !
tion, because if Barnes is elected we know i
: that the moment the ballot has been cast ;
he ceases to be a Republican— stands ' •
as the representative of every man, of
every woman, of every child in this great
; State; and he will go to Washington, and
1 when he stands upon the floor of the Sen
i ate, only a short period of time will have
i elapsed before the world will know that a *
: Henry Clay is there, that a Daniel Web- f
: ster ln wisdom is there, and that a patriot i
; like Lincoln and a patriot like Grant and .
a patriot like Sumner represents the great
State of California in the United States :
Senate. '
Now, I appeal to you In the name of
; peace, I appeal to you In the name of pa
j triotism, I appeal to you in the name of
i eloquence, I appeal to you In the name of \
I the history of the Republican party— let
I us not forget to send a man, if we cannot j
i send General Barnes, to send a man like '
] General Barnes. But I ask you to send
'■ him to take the place of that honored
statesman and capable man who for the
last six years has given honor and glory
to California, the Hon. Stephen M. White, ,
and I ask. In his stead, and in the name ,
| of the Republican party, let us elect Gen
eral W. H. L. Barnes of San ; Francisco.
Senator Luchsinger— Mr. President. I,
! desire to second the nomination of W.
H. L. Barnes.
**»
STRATTON SECONDS BARNES
Mr. President; Something over twenty
years ago I entered the law office of Hon.
W. W. Morrow and have known him Inti-
I mately ever since. I should have esteem
i ed it a duty and a privilege on my part to
; have nominated that gentleman for the
1 office of United States Senator and t*»
34
GLOWING TRIBUTES TO CALIFORNIA'S CITIZENS.
have cast my individual vote for him, but,
acting on his own personal request to me,
I am not free to make that nomination or
to cast that vote. However, looking
around over the men that have been
named for this high office, and taking Into
consideration the early associations
which I had with General . W. H. L.
Barnes, first as a Student in his law of
lice, and then in my early days at the bar,
and knowing his aptitude as an orator,
his integrity and his ability, and his
cervices for nearly a quarter of a century
to the Republican party and the citizens
of the State of California, 1 take great
pleasure and I feel it indeed is an honor
to second the nomination of General W.
H. L. Barnes.
SHORTRIDGE NAMES BURNS.
Senator Charles M. Shortridge of
Santa Clara placed D. M. Burns in
nomination.- He spoke as follows:
Mr. President and Fellow-Senators: The
spirit of the age, it has been well re
jtiarked, demands men of action, not of
words. The great questions that are to
be in part legislated Upon by the candi
date who shall be successful here demand
men of action, not words. The spirit of
Dewey is abroad in the land— Dewey, the
silent man; silent of speech, eloquent,
clamorous of action, whose voice, for
peace and liberty has been heard reverb
erating around the globe.
The spirit of the times demands incisive
men— men who think clearly and execute
with precision; men of experience in the
trreat affairs of states, who have thought
out the lines upon which this great nation
should take its course in the future. My
eloquent friend. Mr. Morehouse, in pass
ing, paid tribute to several honored names
which have been presented to this Senate.
1 know him well, sir. and 1 know he
speaks from the bottom of his heart when
he says a galaxy of statesmen have been
presented before this Senate as our candi
dates here to-day, either one of whom
Would adorn the position of Senator as
few men have ln the recent history of our
country. He mentioned among that gal
axy of statesmen and patriots and think
ers the honored name which I have the
pleasure of presenting to this Senate, and
all he says of him and of all the other
names I most gladly and freely re-echo.
The spirit of the age. sir. demands
action, not words. Within this same
Senate chamber thoughts analogous to
these have before been uttered, and the
wisdom, sir, of the Senators here then fell
upon the men of action, not words, and
while at that time, for reasons which I
will not mention. I had tears in my
heart, and believed that others should
have been selected, yet, sir. bowing to the
wisdom of those who sit here now and to
the party which I in part represent, I am
convinced— if then, sir, more now, sir
men of action and not of words are de
manded at this crisis.
It Is within the memory of every audi
tor here, every Senator upon this floor,
that the gallant and intrepid Baker, who
sleeps yonder by the sad sea, appealed to
the great State of California that his
matchless voice might bo heard where it
would charm the echoes left by Clay
and by Webster and by Calhoun and Ben
ton; yet the Intrepid Baker, who fell a
martyr to the flag and to his country at
Balls Bluff— matchless orator, " the
Splendid patriot, Baker, was turned aside
and a man of action and not of eloquence
was selected.
It is within the history of this country
that that great statesman, that great
actor among men, Aaron A. Sargent—
und I speak his name with bowed head—
Aaron A. Sargent, who stood in the na
tional Capitol and abroad representing
tho intelligence of this great State. It
was Sargent, the man of action, that
was selected to represent this State in
the national legislature. I need not call
the roll, sir, to bear out the statement
with which I commenced, that It is the
man of action and not of words that 's
necessary. When it cane to a lection
by the opposite side of this body they
selected that old pioneer, George Hearst
a man of action, not words. When it
came again upon our side to select a man
they selected the great child-hearted,
beautiful character, splendid specimen of
fiction— a man's name, sir, that will live
in history after the words that 1 am now
littering will have been forgotten and
after things more enduring have perished
from the face of the earth— the child-heart -
rd. great Stanford was selected because,
sir, of his action, not words. I come there
fore to represent a man of action; I come
to represent a man that believes in Mc-
Kinleylsm; I com* to represent a man
that believes In expansion; 1 come to rep
resent a man that is in harmony sir.
with the national administration, i come
to represent a man that believes in the
acquisition and holding of every foot of
territory upon which American blood has
been spilled until the voice of the Ameri
can people baa spoken in thunder tones
for us to either give th.-m liberty
alone, unsupported by us, or to
hold them as a part of this
great nation as long as the sun of
heaven is reflected upon that starry ban
ner. I name, sir, a man of exquisite per
ception of the duties of a Senator. I name
fi man that every one of you Senators
lias seen move In his quiet, unostenta
tious, gentlemanly way through life
to the admiration, sir, of every honest
man who is not eaten up by jealousy— the
name, sir. of Hon. Daniel* M. Burns for
the United States Senate. (Applause.)
He will adorn that position— and no
word said of Barnes would I not saw and
no word said of my friend George Knight
would I not reutter. and no words
said of Grant— beautiful Grant who
lives in memory— and of his son
who is an honored citizen in our
State— but, sir, I arise to nominate
a man that fills the bill of action, that
fills the conception of broad-mindedness,
the conception of gentility in life the
conception of friendship, sir, which knows
no death— a friend that stands the test of
time; a friend to his party, sir, that has
quietly supported it, to the admiration of
this nation.
I name a man that has the executive
ability to take his place alongside the
great Senators of to-day, the men that
wield the power at Washington. New
York. Pennsylvania— are they overlooked
When it comes to legislation? They select
ed men of action, who conceive clearly,
think logically and act to a purpose.
• Sirs, with all due respect to all that has
been said, and to the memories which
< ling around this sacred temple into
which we have come and sworn that we
will act for the best interests of this
people— prejudice to none, with fear
a thing not a part of me. knowing that
you represent that same spirit, believing
that you will recognize the virtues ana
the manhood— the untarnished manhood—
of Daniel M. Burns, I respectfully submit
Ms name. (Applause.) ..,- :
BURNS SECONDED BY WOLFE
• Burns' nomination was seconded by
Senator ""tyolfe of San Francisco, who
said:
Mr. President and gentlemen of the Sen
ate: At last the time has arrived when
the Legislature* of this State, pursuant to
the laws of the land, will proceed to
elect a United States Senator to succeed
Hon. Stephen M. White, and it is with
pleasure that I rise to say that San Fran
cisco joins with Santa Clara In seconding
the nomination of Colonel D. M. Burns.
Ever faithful to the principles of the Re
publican party, Colonel Burns has been
Its leader for many years past, and I
predict here now that when he shall have
been elected Senator, as I hope that he
will be, before long he will take a promi
-nent place in the councils of the Repub
lican party of the nation. But, Mr. Pres
ident, when he shall have been elected
Senator he will not be merely the rep
resentative of the Republican party— he
will represent the entire people of the
State of California, and Its many Inter
ests will have his constant care and at
tention. It has been said, sir, that Col
onel. Burns is no. orator, that he cannot
compare with the matchless men who
Pears'
Pears' soap is noth-
ing but soap.
Pure soap is as gen-
tle as oil to the living;
skin.
have gone Into the history of this na- [
tion.
Gentlemen of the Senate, the State of
California needs no orator in the United
States Senate. Its magnificent products,
its boundless resources have spoken
louder than words, and if this State is to
become— as it ought to— the home for !
millions of American people, If our Inter
ests are to be fostered and our resources !
developed, we need in Washington a
worker rather than a talker. What we j
need In Washington Is a man of dignity,
of courage and of brains, a man that will
command the respect of his colleagues
and the confidence of the American peo
ple. We need a man who will be ever
faithful to his duty, and who knowing
what California needs will secure it for
us, and that is the kind of a man that I
Colonel Daniel M. Burns is. He will pro
tect the Interests of the miner, the In
terests of the fruit grower and of the
farmer, and the interests of the man that
'earns his daily bread by the sweat of
his brow will be as sacred to him as it
is possible for any human being to '
have it.
Mr. President, Colonel Burns Is one of
the leaders of the Republican party. We
have been admonished by the other Sena
tor from Santa Clara— that eloquent gen- j
tleman. Senator Morehouse, that on this
day we should bear In mind the leaders |
of the party, the men that have done the
work and made Republican success pos- j
sible, 1. say to you, is there a Repub- {
lican Senator on the floor of the Senate j
that does not recognize that it has been
: the mind and the brain of Colonel D. M. j
Burns that has directed affairs so that !
success for the Republican party In this j
State was made possible? Colonel Burns i
has faithfully served his friends. He la i
the most loyal and steadfast man to his |
friends that I know of and he has rarely [
asked for political prferment for himself,
and what has he got, Mr. President, by
: reason of his loyalty to his friends and
his fealty to his party? Naught, I say,
' save it be an unwarranted, a cowardly
and unclean attack upon his personality.
But those of us who know the gentleman
are not to be deterred by threats nor
are we to be won by flattery. We recog
nize in Colonel Burns a man that will
make a fitting Republican In the Senate
of the United States for the State of Cal
ifornia, and realizing his sterling qualities
as a citizen and as a man it gives me
pleasure to second his nomination. (Ap
plause.)
Senator Leavitt of Alameda spoke as I
follows in seconding the nomination of
D. M. Burns:
I rise to second the nomination of Dan
iel M. Burns for the office of United
' Slates Senator from California, and in do
ing so I desire to say that I have found
Colonel Burns upon all occasions to be
honest, truthful and perfectly fearless— a j
! man that, believing a certain line of ac- ;
; tion was right, nothing on earth could
swerve him from his duty— one of the
truest friends that man has ever had the
pleasure of having, and I take great I
; pleasure ln seconding the nomination of
Colonel D. M. Burns of San Francisco. i
♦
i
! NUTT NOMINATES GRANT.
Senator A. E. Nutt of San Diego .
I placed U. S. Grant in nomination. He | !
said:
Mr. President and members of the Sen- '.
j ate— there Is any one characteristic of
the present State Senate that has im- j i
ASSEMBLYMAN L. R. WORKS OF SAN DIEGO PLACING U. S. GRANT JR. IN NOMINATION.
pressed Itself upon my mind It is that ac- J
tions, more than words, are at a premium ]
here, and therefore I say that in Itself j
should be sufficient apology, if any apol
ogy be necessary, for the brevity of my
remarks. Mr. President, I take great
pleasure In placing in nomination for the
exalted position of United States Senator ,
from the golden State of California the
name of I. S. Grant Jr. and in doing so
I desire to impress upon the minds of
each and every Senator present that the
great increase in our commerce on the
Pacific Ocean and of our general commer
cial relations, which we all hope and be- .
lieve the near future has in store for us.
makes the election of a United States
Senator always an important privilege •
and ■ duty for the State Legislature— :
pecially Important at this time; and bear- |
ing this in mind, plainly, let us then elect :
to the United States Senate a man whose
honesty and ability go unchallenged:
whose name is loved and revered, not only
ln the State of California, but also in the
entire United States— aye, in the whole
world; let us name for our United States
Senator Ulysses S. Grant Jr.
Many of the Eastern States have deter
mined upon an excellent policy by return
ing to the Congress of the United States
their Senators and Representatives term
after term, believing that a man who
has served a term in Congress has there
by acquired a knowledge of the laws and
of legislation, a personal Influence and
acquaintanceship that makes him of
greater value to his constituency than
any new man could possibly be. If we
elect Mr. Grant to the United States Sen
ate he will be no stranger to the law
makers at our national capital, for he Is
a man. who has a personal acquaintance
with most, if not all, of the leading men
in Congress, and he will need no intro
duction to the present Republican admin
istration in Washington. If we elect Mr.
Grant to the United States Senate he will ,
Immediately command that high respect
in the Senate among his fellow-members
that Is usually given only to men who
have served in the halls of Congress for
many years. Let us, then, elect Mr.
Grant for our United States Senator and :
by doing so honor a man who, by his
fealty to the fundamental principles of
the Republican party by his untiring en- |
ergy, will make us a successful Senator. j
Let us then, 1 say, elect for our Senator I
Mr. U. S. Grant, for his Influence among
the men in Washington who make our
laws and give us our appropriations and :
make him the most dignified Senator, as
well as the most successful one; and |
when we have done this we have done our i
duty; we have honored the name of Mr.
Grant and Mr. Grant himself by so elect
ing him. and he will be an honor to the
State. When this has been done the uni- i
versal cry will go up from the people, j
from the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean,
from the orange groves of Florida to the ;
frigid boundary line that separates this ,
republic from the Dominion of Canada,
well done. ... ..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1899.
SECONDED BY BOYCE. |
Senator Boyce of Santa Barbara
spoke as follows in seconding Grant's
nomination: , •*
Realizing the responsibility which rests
upon myself and believing as I do that
my fellow Senators are conscious of that
fact this is indeed an important hour. We j
are called upon at this time to act and to i
exercise what I believe to be the highest i
political function that we enjoy. We i
must, at such a time as this, reflect upon i
the effect of our conduct; at such a time j
as this, fellow Senators, it behooves us :
all to consider the attitude in which we
stand upon this floor. We are all here
in a delegated capacity; we are here as
the agents of the people and we believe—
at least I believe, and I think It is in
unison with the intelligent opinion of
every man— that when we exercise this
function we should do so with regard to
the effect thereof upon our principals. '
Coming as I do from, the southland, I rec
ognize the territorial expanse of our State
—I do not extend It. Mr. President, to
those airy regions which the eloquence of
my friend from Pasadena so beautifully
depicted hut I do recognize the actual j
conditions which confront us.
The physical conditions of our State are
such that our Interests are diverse, and
there Is no question but what the prece- i
dent has been established in this State
that each of the sections of the State
should be represented in the halls of Con
gress ought to be perpetuated. There are
questions affecting Southern California
which require a familiarity and which de
mand that a local representative should
stand in the Senate of the United States
in order that an intelligent treatment
thereof might be felt and understood. I
believe, Mr. President, that in the south
land we are entitled to have the seat
which has been so honorably and worthily
filled by the Hon. Stephen M. White filled
again with a candidate from that section
of the State; and, Mr. President, I have
listened with some degree of interest to
the descriptions given in the nominating
speeches of the gentlemen who have been
named for this exalted place, and while
I felt that some of those descriptions ex
actly applied to the gentleman whom I
desire to second for United States Sen
ator, I felt that the only defect and the
only peculiarity of those speeches was the
tall-end where the disjunction took place.
Now, I believe, and I say here that my
constituents, whom I represent and for
whom I speak, have uttered their opinion >
on this, subject. I believe that we are
under obligations to listen to the voice of
the people. I believe it is our duty to con
sider the effect of our action upon our
constituents and that we, in fact, are
acting in a representative capacity. Be
lieving, .and, I say, my constituents be
lieving that when the object and purpose
of our act is considered a man most emi
nently fitted to carry for our State into
the halls of Congress the passport issued
by the sovereign State of California which
will entitle him to represent us in that
august assembly, I believe that that man
—based upon a knowledge of him, based I
upon what we know or him is Ulysses
S. Grant Jr. of San Diego.
Therefore, Mr. President, it gives me
pleasure to second his nomination. I be- j
lieve at this time it is well said that ac- '
tions speak louder than words, and yet, j
Mr. President, any reflecting man knows :
that action ungulded by truth and honor
becomes destructive; and although the !
steam engine, under the control of the j
scientific methods properly applicable to
it. is made useful to humanity, yet it
becomes the instrument of death when the
power within it— the action within it— ls
not controlled by the governor and those
instruments which in the hands of the
engineer make It useful, when they are
out of order it may become destructive
aim horrible. yy :■:. ' ■ V-•
Believing, therefore, that the environ
ments, that the character, the reputation
and the ability of the man whom I desire
to second makes him eminently fit to rep
resent our great sovereign State at Wash
ington, I say that it gives me great
pleasure to second his nomination.
CUTTER SECONDS GRANT.
Senator Cutter of Tuba spoke as fol
lows in seconding the nomination of
Grant: l i/%<t7M
Mr. President: On four different occa
sions, twice as a member of our sister
State of Nevada and twice as a member
of the Legislature of this State, it has
been my fortune to second the nomina
tion of a candidate for the office of Sen
ator of the United States, and in each
instance it happened that that candidate
was elected. ,And to-day, in arising to
second the nomination of Ulysses S.
Grant. I do so with a full conviction that
he/also will be chosen. It has been said
by some that Mr. Grant is simply the son
of his father and that that was the sole
reason for his candidacy. Even if that
were true", Mr. President, It seems to me
that loyal patriotic Americans might
do far worse than honor the dead captain,
one of the most Illustrious military lead
ers in the world's history and one to
'. whom more than almost any other this
! Union owes its life, by bestowing upon
his son the Senatorial toga. But, Mr.
President, Mr. Grant is much more than
simply the son of his father. He is a
gentleman of culture and education, of
• wide reading and observation, a gentle
man of broad and liberal ideas. He is a
practical and successful business man.
Like his father, he Is a gentleman always,
' in the truest acceptance of that term.
| Like his father, his Integrity is beyond all
: question, and, like his father, his life Is
pure and unstained. A resident of Cali
fornia for five times as many years as
! the lamented Baker was months a resi
: dent of our sister State of Oregon when
| elected to the same office, he is well ac
quainted with her wants, and he yields to
no one in his devotion to this the State
of his adoption and in his love and in his
, desire for her welfare and her prosperity.
j If elected he will be ln full and perfect
. accord with our other Republican Sen
; ator. Like him. unawed by power and
, uubought by gain, he will In all things
obey the will of the people of this State
i and do all in his power to advance and
protect her material Interests. Mr. Presi- I
dent, I need say no more.
■^77 v •
SIMPSON NAMES BULLA.
,In nominating PL N. Bulla Senator
Simpson of Los Angeles said:
Mr. President and gentlemen of the Sen
ate: The great commonwealth of the
State of California which we as represent-
a Uvea, as i trust, are
here at this time to
properly represent in
this body, as you are
all aware, has vital in
terests at stake in this
great nation of ours,
and not only In the
nation but with the na- !
tional administration,
and it is our duty as
representatives in this
body to look after the
interests of this great
R.N. Bui
mate which we are here to represent, and
see that, in our national halls of legis
lation, those interests are well guarded. |
We have ln the State of California, per- j
haps, a more diversified interest, or inter
ests, than any State in this, our great I
Union. We have our agricultural, our i
horticultural, our viticultural, our min
eral, and all of the great interests; our I
maritime and shipping interests, and
every interest almost that you could
name in any nation on the face of the
earth. 'We have our majestic mountains,'
reaching 15.000 feet above and our his
toric valleys 200 feet below the level of
the calm blue sea; we have every inter- I
est that could be imagined, almost.
The products of the great State of Cal
ifornia are the wonder of the world, ana
the soil of our State is the most produc
tive In the nation. We have an empire
within ourselves, and ln order that that
should be preserved we must send to our
national councils in her legislative ac
tions a man who is broad-gauged enough
to grasp with his mind every interest that
will not only subserve our State but our
nation. Not only that, we must, Mr.
President, have a man whose loyalty to
this Government and to the flag of our
country is not only bounded by the con
fines of the nation and nation's posses
sions, but. as has recently been said, that
can only be bounded on the north by the
aurora borealis, on the south by that
which la invisible, on the east by the ris
ing sun and on the west by the day of
Judgment.
We want such a man, who is broad- j
gauge enough to grasp every question j
that can be brought before our nation's
Legislature, and in the interest of Cali- ;
fornia and the United States of America,
arid can grasp all the questions that come !
before that body. We love California, j
every one of us. Ye are here to repre
sent her interest, and were I to propose j
a sentiment in this moment in favor of |
California I would do, perhaps, as a
member of Congress did years ago in re
gard to another State, of this Union, I i
would say, "California. 1000 miles long, 400 I
miles wide, 4000 miles deep, and reaching I
to the stars." .• r
Gentlemen, California has to-day with
! in her borders a gentleman who will fill
i the bill that I have pictured at this time.
! I have bad the honor and the pleasure
', and the privilege of sitting for six years
1 In the Legislature of this State— this be
! Ing the fourth term— a /eentleman
; who I know is able, a conscientious legis
lator, one who will grasp the situation,
I one who loves the State of California,
j one who is able to grasp all of the ques-
I tions, knowing the situation, having
, been a resident of this State for sixteen
i years past, and I Bay to you that If you
; will elect the Hon. Robert N. Bulla of
i Los Angeles . County to the Senate of the
; United States from this State, that, with
the present Hon. Senator George C.
Perkins and the Hon. Robert N. Bulla
there will be no mistake: made, and that
California won't have to take a back
I seat from any State ln this Union as to
I her representatives.
Now, I have, known this gentleman for i
years, and I want to. say to you that
there has ' never been a moment of his
life since I have known him that he ,
haSn't been honest,* industrious, and i
hasn't worked for the good of the State, |
since he has been selected as a repre- I
sentative.
The great, imperial county of Los An-
I geles presents to you, gentlemen, the
] name of Hon. Robert N. Bulla, and we
j ask you to give him your support, and
j we know that when you do that and we
| believe you will do It— the great State of
I California will be ably represented in
our National Capitol In the city of Wash- |
ington, District of Columbia, United \
States of America.
«
GILLETTE NAMES KNIGHT
George A. Knight was placed in noml-, i
nation by Senator J. N. Gillette. He \
said:
We are all agreed that now is the time,
above all other times, that California
should select a Senator that would ably
represent its interest and theinterest of
the nation in the halls of Congress. Cal
ifornia stands at the dawn of a new era.
No longer it marks the picket line of
American advancement. To-day it stands
midway between the Far East and the Far
West, and through its golden gate must
—or, at least, ought to — pass the com
merce that soon will spring up between
the East and our new possessions in the
Orient. .'■■': y. '.■yy.'-Yi 1 :.i
These great changes have been brought i
about by reason of our war with Spain. I
This war has left us, as a heritage, a i
new territory teeming with thousands of
people who are now our wards, and who
must be protected. Great questions to- 1
day confront the American people, ques- ■
tions of great moment and of internation- !
al importance. We as a people must fair- !
ly meet them and pass upon them so jus- '
tice may be done and in years to come
credit may redound to us and history j
may praise and commend our actions.
Congress must settle these great ques- |
tions, and to-day they are pressing j
strongly upon us, and I might say that, of I
all the States In the Union, California
is the most interested, situated as it is,
and therefore it is necessary that we
should be represented in the halls of Con
gress by a man that we can trust on all
occasions to take the right step and be
able to decide fairly and correctly. We
should have a man there of ability; a man
who is alive to the interest of bur
country and our State; a man that
we can trust; a man whose Judg
ment will be received in the cool
deliberations; a man whose eloquence,
whose logic, whose fairness and whose
force will be heard and appreciated on
the floors of Congress; such a man I have
in mind— a man who has lived in Califor
nia ever since he was a child, a man who
has always been interested in the progress
of our State, who has. been identified with
all of its Interests, a man who has been
loyal always to the Republican party, a
man who has fought for Republican
principles ever since he has been old
enough to have a voice in the affairs of
the nation: a man who, by his fealty to
his party, by the loyal work for his party,
by the Interest that he has had in this
State and her possessions; a man entirely
worthy of our recognition at this time.
Such a man is George A. Knight, a typi
cal Californian, a man who appreciates
the Interests of our State, a man who has
always been loyal to the party of this
State, a man who has fought all his bat
tles and that, too, without any reward —
and I feel that, when I tender his name
to this Senate asking that the high honor
of United States Senator be conferred
upon him, I am presenting the name of
an able man, a man that will be appre
ciated in Washington, a man that can
fairly represent us, and a man who, by
his fealty to his party, has justly earned
and justly deserves his reward. I submit
that to such a man such honors should go
and the toga of the Senate should be
placed on such shoulders; and I therefore
take the greatest of pleasure In present
ing the name of Hon. George A. Knlgnt
as a candidate for the United States
Senate to this body.
ROWELL NOMINATES BARD.
Senator Chester Rowell of Fresno j
nominated Thomas R. Bard. He said:
According to the best -American stand- i
ard the ideal Senator should typify in his
own personality the very highest type of i
American citizenship. i
He should be well ed
ucated, refined, digni
fied; he should have a !
broad knowledge of j
national and Interna- i
tional questions; he J
should be possessed of
all of those qualities
which go to make up
the American states
man. He should be
free from all business
and corporation en-
Thomas B. Bard.
tanglements, and upon his private and his |
business life there should r»st no shadow.
That the Legislature of California may
have placed before it such, a candidate
for its vote, I take pleasure n presenting
the name of Thomas R. Bart.
SIMS NOMINATES WHITE.
Senator Sims of Sonoma nominated
Stephen M. White. He said*. \\ ,-** ■
I take great pleasure in nomina,i for
the United States Senate one of th-> most
brilliant and gifted men that ever occu-
pled a seat in the most
august deliberative
body on earth. His
path to political dis-
Unction has alwiys
been marked by tie
highest attributes »f
manhood. His match,
less eloquence has at
all times summoned to
the standard of all
that was honorable
and most progressive
those who are the
Stephen M. White.
leaders in public life, as Roderick Dhu
summoned together the members of his
clan When in the United States Senate,
that magnificent theater, he was at once
recognized as a leader in that body He
was old enough to know the duties of his
exalted station and young enough to per
form those duties with energy and suc
cess. His whole life has been a living ex
ponent of those principles of Democracy
which are coeval with the existence of
this republic, and his career has at. all
times been characterized by these attri-
! butes which so distinguished the early
j founders of this nation.
! The result of the recent war has con
; fronted us with new problems under
: changed conditions. We have demon
; strated anew the deathless, godlike valor
i of American arms and the imperishable
l brotherhood of the American people. We
; have demonstrated to the nations of the
earth that our gunners have lost none of
their fathers' skill and that our navy,
ship for ship, is the best that sails upon
the sea. We have redeemed, regenerated
j and liberated people in the most distant
I isles of the sea. Never before has our
; flag floated, as a symbol of possession,
over so vast a territory. Not from the
Arctic to the Gulf and from the Atlantic
to the Paclflc, but in those islands of the
sea where the Caribbean breaks, and that
farther archipelago washed by the China
Sea, the star-spangled banner to-day
floats in proudest triumph. We are to-
♦ ay n,on ' one ' unQuestioned and Inde
structible.
This _? an important crisis in our na
tion s history and we want men in the
Senate of brain, courage, energy and in
tegrity and who are representative ln
character; and I take great pleasure in
Sf- Whit for the Senate the Hon. Stephen
M. T\ hite.
ALSO SECONDED BY DOTY.
Senator Gillis Doty of Sacramento
also seconded the nomination of
Stephen M. White. He spoke as fol
lows:
Mr. President, I take great pleasure in
seconding the nomination of Hon.
Stephen M. White as a candidate for re
election to the Senate of the United
tates, and I believe, Mr. President, that
tne judgment day has not quite reached
us yet, that It is not in the Far West,
put to-day the people of California are
in serious reflection, and are making
up their minds how the day of judgment
shall come and when it shall be ren
dered, and I believe that thouerh a mem
ber of the humble minority if we could
take our candidates before the people to
day in the State of California and could
come here as representative men getting
the expression from the people, that
would make a mighty factor in this elec
tion here to-day, and I take pleasure in
nominating a man that I believe, if the
people of California could settle the ques
tion by their votes and voices, would set
tle in his behalf, and that would be ln
behalf of the Democratic nominee, Hon.
Stephen M. White. »
NOMINATIONS IN
THE ASSEMBLY.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-
MENTO, Jan. 10.— It was the twelve
ringing strokes from the big clock that
called order in the Assembly chamber
at noon to-day. Speaker Wright's
gavel was not necessary to quiet the
crowd that had gathered to see Dan
Burns and his allies measure for the
first time their corrupt strength against
the decent element among the State's
lawmakers. It was a quiet, orderly
crowd anyway although it was a well
stuffed one.
Burns' henchmen and rooters were
crowded round the gate and the rail in
the back of the chamber, but they had
simply come to lend volume to the
scant applause that met the efforts of
those on the floor who were to put their
master in nomination for the United
States Senate. They refrained from
noise during the progress of other
speakers and attempted none of their
°4 convention tactics.
There was absolute quiet when
Speaker Wright announced, that the
tim* had come when under the law the
Assembly should cast its ballot to fill
California's vacancy in the Senate and
he ordered Chief Clerk Kyle to read the
governing statutes and sections from
the lav- and constitution.
Assemblyman Dibble followed with
the customary resolution, moving that
"the Assembly do now proceed to make
nominations and cast its vote" and the
resolution was forthwith adopted.
William H. Cobb, chairman of the
San Franc sco delegation, was first
recognized among those who rose to
attract the Speaker's attention and was
given the privilege of the floor. He
took his position before the desk of the
Speaker and facing his fellows
opened in as excellent a nominat
ing speech as Las ever been heard on
the floor the open fight of Dan M.
Burns. His say was of length, but he
commanded the interest and held the
attention of his hearers to the last word
of it and, despite the cause which he
publicly espoused, there was no stint
in the applause that was given him. In
justice to the members on the floor
though it must be said that it was most
largely Indulged in by those outside the
railing and the already convinced in
the San Francisco delegation. Dan had
but one immediate second, Pierce of
Yolo. Kenneally of San Francisco made
a wild attempt to show Dan how he
stood, but the Grant people had the
floor and he was kept waiting until all
of those who were to second Bulla hai
had their say. Then he proceeded at
no length though he was heard by
every one in the chamber.
The balloting went off without a hitch
and Immediately the result was an
nounced Dibble moved that the Senate
be at once notified of the vote. The
motion was adopted and the Chief Clerk
bore the tidings to the Senate, which
later sent in to the Assembly official
notice of its own vote and by resolu
tion of which the Senate was notified
and in which it concurred adjournment
was taken to to-morrow, when both
houses will meet at noon in the Assem
bly chamber to cast the first vote on
joint ballot for United States Senator.
The nominating speeches are given
herewith.
COBB NOMINATES BURNS.
Assemblyman Cobb took his stand
facing those on the floor of the cham
ber immediately in front of the Speak
er's desk and in placing D. M. Burns in
nomination for the United States Sen
-1 ate said: »
We have assembled to-day to elect a
United States Senator. A preliminary
question, however, seems worthy of con-
slderatlon, viz.: What
personal qualifications
does the office re
quire? Tha century of
our existence has seen
us advance from an
insignificant place
among nations to tha
front rank of the
world's great powers.
During this time we
have carefully avoid
ed the complications
of international poll-
D. M. Burns.
itics and our progress has been distin
guished by a steady adherence to the de
velopment of our internal resources. The
marvelous Increase In public and private
wealth has manifested Itself in widening
the circle of education and in elevating
the standard of popular intelligence. Our
position to-day is not only unprecedented,
it is phenomenal.
But as society becomes more and more
complex the work of government becomes
more and more difficult. We have reached
the point which every nation must event
ually reach, where the iconoclastic spirit
of the age asserts that the time has coma
to renew our constitution. A broader
field of action has opened before us and a
change of national policy is imminent.
Startling possibilities both for good and
for evil confront us, and whether th© fu
ture shall bring new blessings to civili
zation or shall scatter the treasures gath
ered with so much toll and suffering de
pends upon the men who guide the ship
of state.
I submit that the first qualification for
the office of Senator is a clear mind well
stored with useful knowledge. Whenever
or wherever men meet to deliberate the
trained intellect is always the master.
Emerson says: "It forms an epoch in his
tory when God lets loose a thinker on
this planet."
A new era is dawning and to shape it
aright a thinker ls needed as much to
Continued on Fifth Pace.
__———-—____— ______————————————————_—————.
"WHy
Do you feel that It la impossible for TWa
to get back that great rosy manhood of
which you were once- so proud? It is
because you have been fooled often and
often— isn't it? Think!
_CSTot
A. single Inch of you feels as well as it
ought to at this moment, and yet if you
would but be wise, instead of trying to
see how very foolish you can be, things
would be very different.
Try
What memory you have; what vim* is
there; how much sleep do you get;
those tell-talj spots before the eyes;
and that eternal fear of an asylum or a
grave. Do you persuad yourself that
you are well?
Tlie
Man who won't try to get well ought to
be let alone perhaps, but the grand
doctors of the Hudson Medical Institute
have patience with all people. Go
there, ask what has been done for
others by
GREAT MDYAN.
Circulars and testimonials as free as
air to you, and if your blood is out ol
order ask or write for "30-day Blood
Cure Truth." 7s; .*
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts,,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAU
GET HUDSON DOCTORS' ADVICE FRERINITIAL STAGES
MAKING A SENATOR
How Nominating Speeches Look With the
Glamour Taken Off,
Matters in Such a State of Chaos That It Would Take
. a Born Seer to Penetrate the Veil and Make
a Safe Prediction,
BY HENRY JAMES.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. id.— Wandering to the Capi
tol to see the Initial stages of the official
process of making a Senator, I happened
into the Assembly chamber. The decor
ations of the night before were still In
place. Smilax garlanded the fluted pil
lars and the walls were softened by tints
of pink and green. One might have
judged also that the atmosphere was a
holdover. The place was reasonably
crowded. All chairs were occupied,
a double row of spectators, those
In front standing on the toes of the
others, lined the railing and ebbed into
the corridor. The gallery was full, the
Interest moderate and the enthusiasm not
there.
Perhaps It was over in the Senate cham
ber, where Shortridge was tying bouquets
and festoons of verbiage to the fair fame
of Burns. He is said first to have proved
Burns a Illy and then to have painted the
Illy. He tossed his foretop Impressively,
laid an appealing hand on his breast or
his bread basket or pointed it fearlessly
to heaven. There have been those to say
Senator Shortridge is not an cfrator, but
none such is to be found to-night. A man
who can keep a sincere tremolo in his
voice while he portrays Dan Burns as an
angel has to be an orator and an artist.
But this is carrying us Into the Senate
chamber, and, so far as I am concerned,
is hearsay. While Shortridge was in ac
tion and seven Senators were displaying
their Burns badges, which some of them
had heretofore concealed, the Assembly
was doing even worse, for seventeen
voted for Burns, all without evidence of
shame, and some with manifest pride.
This seemed to me a showing of a type
of degeneracy. When Kenneally seconded
the nomination of Burns he said the mo
ment was the proudest of his life.
I have not the happiness to know much
of his life, but if to be faithful to Dan
Burns is reason for feelings of pride It
would seem natural for a man caught at
burglary to swell with exultation and set
himself up as an aristocrat.
Every time there was a compliment for
Burns there was applause in the lobby
by as hard a gang of claquers as ever
rode Into Sacramento to make a fight for
purity. I have not written of matters
consecutively because that has been done
in other columns. My desire is merely to
treat of the formalities through which
the name of Burns was projected into the
actual contest. Representative Cobb
made the nominating speech. In the ab
stract it was good. Coupled to the per
sonality of Burns it became ridiculous.
Cobb is young, ardent and apparently
sincere. His address was a tribute of
which any man worthy of it might well
be proud. His language was well chosen,
his phraseology smooth, his appearance
In his favor. He spoke of the necessary
personal qualifications of a Senator of
elevating the standard of public intern
geme. of the startling possibilities for
good or evil to be considered. Then he
quoted from Emerson: "It forms an epoch
i". history when God lets loose a thinker
in this planet
Mr. Cobb believed the thinker had been
found. Burns! Now trot out the epoch.
However, after the manner of his kind
the speaker withheld the name for a cli
max. Cobb had sandwiched a bit of a
sermon in just here. He touched upon
conscience, the value of having it clear.
It was this variety his man carried, re
fusing to tolerate any other kind. The
mind must needs be well stored with
knowledge and the heart overflowing with
wisdom. The last expression was prob
ably intended to be something else. The
coming Senator must have mental activ
ity and moral courage, not necessarily the
gift of eloquence. In fact, his essential
traits as set forth by Cobb embraced all
that which in the human character is
strong and pure and admirable. The
character of a gentleman in the highest
sense. if* undertook to demonstrate that
he had enumerated the traits of Burns,
that charges of fraud, dishonesty, bribery,
intimidation, evil associations, betrayal
of friendships had been brought by the
press because, sordid and corrupt, it is
GLOWING TRIBUTES
TO CALIFORNIA'S
CITIZENS
Continued from Fourth Page.
day as in the days of Jefferson or Lin
coln. A crisis is at hand and the future
usefulness of popular government is in
the balance. Our Senator should there
fore be, first of all, an independent
thinker.
Hut more than mere mental acumen is
also required. Aaron Burr had a mind of
wonderful power, but he was a traitor
to the cause of liberty and his name is
a synonym of disgrace. While knowledge
Is power, it is the same to the demon that
it is to the angel. In itself it is neither
good nor bad, a blessing nor a curse. Like
the sword, it derives its character from
the direction which its possessor gives it.
Though the intellect blaze with celestial
brilliancy, sensuality and avarice, ambi
tion and jealousy, vanity and pride will
live and act; and act, too, in a broader
field, with a keener eye, with a deeper
purpose, with a more refined art, and
work out with more terrific energy, their
desolating effects. There is another realm
—an inner world where conscience wields
the scepter. Here are the sources of cre
ative energy, the spring of human action.
And from this realm flows the stream of
moral responsibility bearing the tidings
of peace on earth and good will toward
men.
In addition to a mind well stored with
knowledge we require in our Senator a
heart overflowing with wisdom. But the
head may perceive and the heart feel the
'■alls of duty and its "work remain un
done. Another force must spur to action.
This executive faculty of the mind Is
called the will and energy and is its mo
tive power. No great or good work of any
kind can ever be rccomplished without
persistent effort. Only an Iron will can
mold and shape the course of history and
the destinies of men. And the difficult
duties of government to-day require in
cur lawmakers the highest forms of men
tal activity and moral courage.
A clear head, a pure heart and a strong
will are the essential elements of a sym
metrical character. And these, when In
spired by lofty patriotism, constitute, in
my opinion, the fundamental qualifica
tions for any legislative offlce, 1 do not
forget or underestimate the value of elo
quence. True eloquence la a divine gift.
To me it is more Inspiring than music,
more exalting than poetry. By its influ
ence on human feeling and passions it has
always been a potent factor in controlling
the thoughts and actions of men. But iii
halls of legislation its day of usefulness
Is waning. Committees settle largely the
policy of legislation; caucusses determine
the action <•: parties*, and Senates are now
Seldom swayed by oratorical appeals. The
alert man of affairs is in demand to-day
rather than the silver-tongued orator
While the latter Is making his speeches
tin- former is making history. T..
With this brief statement of the quali- j
fications required we are brought to the
final question: where Is the man who
measures up to these requirements? it is
a peculiar characteristic of the press of
the day that it is generally hostile to the
man who is prominent and aggressive.
Let any one rise above the common level
and the old, old cry goes up— "Crucify
him. crucify him."
Sordid and corrupt motives are assigned
:o his most laudable acts. His noble quali
ties of head and heart are forgotten and
hostile to the citizen who is prominent
and aggressive. Now what do sane peo-
I pie think of such rot? Cobb admitted that
i if the charges were true, then public offi
cials were frauds, our courts a farce and
: our civilization a sham and a delusion.
I could not see how all this had to do
with the matter in hand, for some officials
are frauds, some courts corrupt and our
I civilization more or less of a bluff. If it i
were not Burns would not be running for
i the Senate, because the officials and the
i courts would have interfered.
Nevertheless it was a mighty good
speech, and would have fooled the stran- ,
ger who might have happened in. The ;
] other speeches never quite reached the I
commonplace. Nominating speeches are i
a nuisance, anyhow, when there ls an '
advance understanding as to who is to \
;be named and by whom. None of the
: speeches made to-day won a vote. None
i of them set forth a single fact not fully '
I In the possession of every auditor. Grant,
| Bulla, Barnes, Knight and Estee were
i all on the list before nominations closed.
] Balloting was about to begin. A rustle
of expectation which the roar of the i
I storm could not wholly conceal passed
over the audience. Many kept tally, be- '
! Ing aided by the resonant announcements
of Clerk Kyle. The result did not cre
ate surprise. Perhaps it caused a pang
lor two of grief. Perhaps these Jolly As- ,
, semblymen want to keep the public ln
| suspense.
Anybody who can read the end of the
; matter In the tally sheet of to-day would
, be justifiable in hanging out his shingle as
the seventh son of a seventh son. Only
this is plain— the Burns strength was
overestimated by the Imported Burns pa
triots, and while they can beat the world
1 claqulng and cackling, no one Is borne
Into the Senate on the shoulders of the
Federal Brigade.
One difference between the Burns and
the Grant strength Is that the first came
| out in its entirety and the second may
have something in sight regardless of
, sudden breaks In support which carry
. votes from one candidate to another, j
oftentimes without logical explanation.
Such breaks occur suddenly, and they are
certain to eventuate, or balloting would ,
I continue to the day of adjournment. To- j
night there is more excitement in the '
■ lobby than there has been before. Men
who know all about it are telling what
i Is to happen to-morrow, and as a searcher
after truth I have listened. But other
men who also know all about it lay down j
i a programme wholly different. As there
' are about as many of these programmes
1 as there are men in the lobby, space for
bids this production here. t
Political sentiment is a subtle and cv- j
rious thing. Beneath the surface it is j
working to-night, its tangible manifesta
| • tion being a brightening of the chances
j of the candidates who have not been i
! prominent, who have made no boasts and
i who have from the first depended upon \
! the failure of the leaders in the race to
acquire more than Initial support. They j
j knew this support alone could not win,
I and had banked upon the Inability of the j
i contestants to bring up reserves.
Of course there are some kicks in the
aftermath of the ball. While the cost to !
guests was $5 a plate, one of them said j
to-day the contract price, of the caterer
was 30 -cents a plate. This is not a fair;
view, for there were many other expenses I
decorations, carriages and music—
a sight of the handsome maids and ma- i
trons was worth the price of admission j
, even if the quests failed to get so much
as a sandwich.
It is learned that some of the can
didates have been displeased at certain re
marks made about them in the papers.
Thus is the mission of. the journalist made
grievous to him, for he writes unkindly
only under the impulse of duty and al
ways with a feeling of pain. He desires
to elevate and refine, to expose iniquity
and yank the mask off the false alarm.
This is not a perfect figure, but it will do.
Despite the cheering rainfall. I imagine
certain touts will always look back to
this winter as having been a hard one.
They have worked faithfully, but their
wages show symptoms of stopping, and
there is no likelihood that they have
saved much.
trivial faults are magnified into hideous
deformities of character. Particularly
is this true in political contests, when li
cense is assumed to abuse and vilify re
gardless of right or reason. Happy the
man to whom It is permitted to enjoy the
rewards of political eminence freed "from
the calumnies of envy and jealousy. But
the frequency of these attacks destroys
their force, and the groundlessness of po
litical charges has become proverbial. The
superiority of man Is indicated no less
surely by the character and motives of
his assailants than by the confidence and
respect of his friends.
"He who ascends the mountain tops will
find
The loftiest peaks most wrapt in clouds
and snow;
He who surpasses or subdues mankind
Must look down on the hate of those
below.'"
During the last few weeks you have
seen one of our public men bear, day
after day, such calumniation as few men
are called upon to meet. You have seen
him assailed with all the vituperation and
invective that malice and envy could in
vent. "Who steals my puree steals trash,
but he that filches from me my good name
robs me of that which not enriches him
and makes me poor indeed."
Whether the charges are true or not,
they are evidently made at this time to
Are your hearts with anger and to preju
dice your minds against him. If true, our
public officials were public frauds, our
courts a farce and our civilization a sham
and a delusion. Instead of walking our
streets, the wretch should have the lash
laid upon his back and be driven from
i society as unfit for the association of his
fellow-men. But I cannot believe them to
be true. The time of the charges and
| the men who make them lead me to mis
| trust their validity. The record is an un
broken series of victories for the accused,
! vindicating his honor and denying his
responsibility. Justice and humanity for
bid me to condemn on suspicion until at
, least one link in the long chain is broken.
His friends have not withdrawn from him
their confidence and his acts and conduct
do not indicate guilt. Calm and dignified,
as if conscious of his own Integrity and
power, you have seen him endure with
sublime patience the assaults of malice
and look down In silence upon his assail
ants as the mountain looks down upon the
storms which rage at Its feet.
Who is this man? This history of his
life Is the common story of a plucky
American boy. He possesses by Inher
itance the sturdy qualities of the hardy
Highland Scotch from which he descend
ed. His birthplace was the Sunny
South, and his versatile mind is charac
teristic of her brilliant men. For fifty
years, from orphaned boyhood to vigorous
manhood, he has lived in this Golden
State, imbibing its atmosphere of lib
erty and cherishing its name and pco^ie.
In this fertile valley he tilled the soil,
stored his mind with useful knowledge,
and acquired those habits of attention
and industry which form the basis of his
character. *;'.'.
When the tocsin of war was sounded
throughout the land he shouldered his
musket and hastened to his country's call
And when a million men laid down their
arms he returned to the land of his
adoption and resumed the peaceful pur
suits of ordinary life.
Although an educated lawyer and a
skilled debater, it was in the active busi
ness world, the world of men rather than
books, that his versatile talents showed
their powers. All the great industries of
the State have received his studious at
tention, and a moderate fortune ls the
reward of his perseverance and industry
Strong, upright and generous, he has
drawn to himself hosts of friends whom
he holds as with hooks of steel. Active
in the exercise of his political rights, his
motto has always been "keep near to the
people." Keen, alert, courageous, he hat
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY It, 1899.
all the qualities of a successful leader.
No man in the State has a wider experi
ence, or a broader knowledge of our his
tory, our resources and our requirements.
California needs such men In the national
councils to protect and foster her grow
ing industries and to give "Her that stand
ing before the world merited by her im
portance as a State. Nothing shall drive
from the belief that we are laying the
foundations of a grander civilization than
any of which our forefathers ever
dreamed. And we need the hand of
a master builder to lav them broad and
deep. The past is secure. Its record is
made. The future Is our keeping, and its
responsibilities rest upon us. Under our
form of representative government It
is cur duty to place them upon the
shoulders of our broad-minded, consci
entious, aggressive men of experience, and
by doing so we faithfully discharge the
obligations we owe to our State, to our
nation and to the sacred cause of liberty
and civilization.
Members of the Assembly, I place before
you the man who for many years has been
unanimously recognized as' the leader of
the great Republican party in this State,
and who as such Is Its logical candidate,
eminently fitted to represent it in our
national congress.
I nominate for the distinguished office
of United States Senator Daniel M. Burns.
PIERCE SECONDS BURNS.
In seconding the nomination of Col
onel Burns, G. W. Pierce of Yolo spoke
as follows:
Mr. Speaker and Members of the Assem
i 7 sire to second the nomination
of the man who has contributed more dur
ing the past ten years to the success of
the Republican party than has any other
vidua' In the State of California. I
desire to second the nomination of a man
for this position who, by common consent,
has been acknowledged the leader of the
Republican party of this State. I desire
to second the nomination of a man whose
authority among men is unquestioned. I
desire to second the nomination of a man
whose influence has been sought and felt
in both State and national affairs. I de
sire to second the nomination of a man
whose ability is beyond question, and a
man who will do us honor as a Senator
from this State should he be exalted to
the high position to which he now
aspires. I refer to the Hon. D. M. Burns.
(Applause.)
Since he has been spoken of in this
connection the press of our State has seen
fit to indulge In a tirade upon him which
is at once undignified, unloval and un-
American, and the people of Yolo County
desire to express their condemnation of
the course of the Republican press of this
State. I do not, my friends, have to take
my introduction to Hon. D. M. Burns from
the Republican press of the State of Cali
fornia. I have known him since he first
came to the State of California a poor,
bare-footed orphan boy, and years ago in
school together I knew him well, and I
have known him and his career all along
from that time to the present day. It was
my good fortune and privilege during the
time of the Civil War to belong to a little
band of Republican boys in the town of
Woodland, and that Republican band
chose for Its leader then the man who
has ever since been a leader in every walk
of life in which he has taken his stand,
and that leader was D. M. Burns. (Ap
plause.) And 1 come to say to you to-day
that we of Yolo repudiate the charges
that are made against him. Yolo has no
better friend in the State of California
that Hon. D. M. Burns. He has met with
reverses and during his time of need peo
ple of Yolo County, Irrespective of party
came to his support, and years later,
when fortune had smiled upon him, he
returns to Yolo, and let me tell you, my
friends, that you may thoroughly under
stand, he went throughout that county
and hunted up those who had helped him.
and in many cases all evidence of obliga
tion had passed away— his debts were out
lawed—but he came there, and there is
not a man or woman to-day who can say
that he has not redeemed every obligation
he made. I can tell you, my friends, he
came there and sought those who had
assisted him. He paid them Interest
compound interest— where they had
thrown the notes away and thought them
worthless. No man can do this and be a
dishonest man. And we resent the charge
that he has ever owed the county of Yolo
anything that he has not repaid. He
trusted to an employe and from that con
fidence he suffered, but like a man he
made good every dollar of the loss. We
believe that Dan Burns possesses the
ability to serve us well In Congress. We
know that he has served us well here as
a party, and if you would take from the
work of the Republican party during the
last ten years the efforts of Dan Burns
our series of successes would be materi
ally diminished. In Yolo the word of Mr.
Burns is as good as his bond. .His bond
adds nothing to it. And In every walk of
life Mr. Burns has been a true friend of
the people, an honest man, and I believe
the State of California can do no better
than to honor him with the position to
which he now aspires. We are told that
he Is not an orator. True, but place Mr.
Burns In any committee, selected where
you may, and when the report of that
committee is made up It will bear the
Impress of the work of Mr. Burns. (Ap
plause.)
WORKS NOMINATES GRANT.
U. S. Grant Jr. was placed in nomi
nation by Lewis R. Works of San Di
ego. He said:
Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the As
sembly: We are met together to-day to
discharge the most sacred trust imposed
on us by the people of
this great State of
California. It is al
ways a matter for
serious consideration
that to the handful of
men who compose the
Legislature of the
State should be dele
gated the power of
acting for the people
of the State in the
election of United
U S Gran.
States Senator. And,
realizing that fact, we, as members of
the California Assembly, must look about
us In the selection of the man for this
Important offlce with the circumspection
due and arising from the importance of
tbe present situation. California has ever
since its acquisition from Mexico and its
admission into the Union been the West
ern boundary of the United States, with
the exception of Alaska. The tortunes of
war have brought it to the center of the
public domain. The acquisition of the
Hawaiian Islands and the acquisition of
the Philippines has made California the
center of the American nation, and a por
tion of the nation which is destined here
after to be the center of its empire.
Born of this fact, there will arise in the
Senate of the United States, to which we
now propose to elect a member, business
of the utmost importance affecting the
State of California, We should, therefore,
send to the Senate to discharge that busi
ness in the interest of the State a man
of probity, a man of honor and a man of
influence. . The State of California de
mands that such a man be sent to the
Senate of the United States, in order that
her interests may be protected, in order
that all the questions arising from the ac
ASSW^LY/AAN C 0&& MMS^wV
NOMINATED D.M.fMJRNS AND f|fe|fcv^^% &\
PORTRAYS HIM A3 A LAWYER, /ffißffl|K" X. iW/
STATESMAN ANt>3OLDI&R. M\SwV ff/
HOW THE VOTE STOOD.
Following is the record of the legislators of California on the first
vote for Senator:
THE VOTE IN THE SENATE.
#
Vote for Dickinson, Luchsinger, Morehouse, Stratton—
— Currier, Simpson— 2.
For D. M. Burns ßettman, Burnett, Hoey, Laird, Leavitt,
Shortridge, Wolf— 7.
John Rosenfeld— Feeney — 1.
Grant— Cutter, Jones, Maggard, Nutt, Smith, Trout— '
Knight— l • ,
Stephen M. White— the Democrats—
Irving M. Scott— of Amador— L
Thomas R. Bard— Rowell— 2.
Paterson — Taylor l.
THE VOTE IN THE ASSEMBLY.
W. H. L. Barnes— Atherton, Clough, Knights, Knowland. Lardner—
R. N. Bulla— Belshaw, Conrey, Cosper, Huber, Mellick, Miller of Los
Angeles, Robinson, Valentine and Wright— 9.
For D. M. Burns Arnerich, Barry, Beecher, Cobb, Devoto, Dib
ble, Henry, Johnson, Kelley, Kelsey, Kenneally, Lundquist, McKeen,
Miller of San Francisco, Pierce, Rickard, Eugene Sullivan— l 7.
For C. N. Felton— Brooke— l.
For U. S. Grant Bliss. Blood. Cargill, Clark, Crowder, Dale,
Delancie, Greenwell, Jilson, Le Barron, McDonald of Alameda. McDon
ald of Tuolumne, Merrill. Merritt, Mllice, Radcliff, Raub, Raw,
Works— l 9. ♦
For G. A. Knight— Boynton—l. 28
For Stephen M. White— Boone, Brooke, Burnett, Caminetti, Cowan, ♦
Crowley Fairweather, Feliz, Glenn, Griffin, Hanley, Hoey, Mack, Mead,
Messerve, Sanford, Stewart, Wardell, White, E. D. Sullivan— 28
For M. M. Anderson, Wade— 2.
T
quisitlon of the Philippine and the Ha
waiian islands may properly be taken
care of, in order that the Nicaragua
canal may be constructed, and I . say that
the man whom I now name, without dis
paragement to the any
ffioS^lT&bj/lor the position iof
United States Senator U. S. Grant oi san
Diego. (Applause.)
Mcdonald seconds grant.
William McDonald of Alameda sec
onded Grant's nomination as J«°^j:
A.f„mi.er<-, of the Assembly and Gentle
men \ rise to second the nomination of
r s Grant of San Diego. Cal. The peo
ple s 0 f 35%& ot gjffigu TBS ■■£ Si£
J., hp lnval to the people of the State of
Cal fornU regardless of the north or the
so a uth r who wfu -w loyal to t*e pgM ou
Republican party, the party^ttaXWUJ lur
nished a Lincoln, a Grant, a Garfield ana
a McKinley. and a man who has the abll-
Itv to stand by our noble leader William
McKlnley"and uphold his magnificent ad
ministration; and I take pleasure as a son
S California in rising before the Assem
bly of our native State to second the
nomination, of Ue the son of Americas
trrindest hero, U.-S. Grant Jr., or ban
Sego. I second his nomination. (Ap
plause.) j '-ri.
RADCLIFF SECONDS GRANT.
Mr Grant was favored by another
seconding speech, this by George G.
Radcliff. He said:
• Mr. Sneaker and Members of the As
sembly- I was not aware until this morn
ing that I was to second the nominal
of any of the. aspirants for the United
StatS? Senatorshlp. and I would not have
done so-then unless I knew full well that
it would be in obedience, to the demands
nn? renuest of my constituents in Santa
Cruz County.'."- Personally. I believe that
these contests should be taken out of the
hands of the Legislature and placed be
fore the people by a direct vote like the
candidates for other offices. (Applause.)
But in obedience to the request and my
own conviction I rise at this time to sec
ond the nomination of that gallant gentle
man from Southern California. L. S.
Grant Jr. I believe that the- Senator
contest should be conducted on gentle
manly lines, and that as a result, of these
contests the permanent organization of
any house should not be interfered* with.
I believe Mr. Grant Is the logical can
didate of the Republican parly of Cali
fornia. He is supported by. a vast major
ity of the Republican press. And- I dis
agree with the gentleman from San '-ran
cisco and the gentleman from Yolo when
they say that the wants of th.- publio
press should not be listened to. I believe
that the public press of California voices
the sentiment of the people of this State,
and I am satisfied if the name of Mr.
Grant were submitted to the people of this
State he would receive an election to this
offlce by a handsome majority over and
above any other candidate named. Mr.
Grant has all the qualifications requisite
for the office. He Is honest, true and able.
He is a student of statecraft, and first,
last and all the time is possessed of that
courage and that true faithfulness that
his illustrious father possessed, and has a
stern iron will and knows when to say no
and mean it. and knows when to say yes
and mean it. Therefore, members of the
Assembly of California, on behalf of my
own convictions and the Republicans of
Santa Cruz County, I take great pleasure
in seconding the nomination of Mr. Grant
of San Diego. (Applause.)
LARDNER PRESENTS BARNES
Assemblyman W. B. Lardner of Pla
cer County placed General W. H. L.
Barnes In nomination. He spoke as fol
lows :
Mr. Speaker and Members of the As
sembly: We stand to-day facing the
second century of our country's existence.
For the last hundred years all has been
trial, experimenting and putting into
working order the grand -principles laid
down for us In the supreme guide of our
political existence— the constitution of the
United States. In that instrument it is
provided that the members of the Legis
latures (as, we are now about to do) shall
vote for a United States Senator. Our
fathers bullded better than they knew.
The principle is right. The sovereignty
of a State should be expressed through
the members of its Legislature in select
ing a United States Senator. For over a
hundred years the Legislatures of the
sovereign States have honored them
selves, their States and nation by elect
ing the most eminent men in the republic
to that position. For half a century
California has sent forth good and able
Senators. But, Mr. Speaker and members
of the Assembly, do you note that in the
press and legislative bodies of the State
and among the electors of this State and
the nation there ls an agitation to take
away from us the proud privilege we are
now about to exercise? Already the
rumblings of discontent may be heard in
the valleys and mountains of this State
and throughout the republic. Therefore,
we should heed the warning and act for
the very best interests of this great State
and its people. To the members of the
minority I am proud to admit that in Hon.
Stephen M. White California has had one
of her ablest and most representative
citizens in the Senate of the United
States. To the members of the majority
I say, can we select his equal? And shall
we try to elect his superior? I say we
can and will. Mr. Speaker and members
of the Assembly, I desire to place in
nomination for the offlce of United States
Senator one who has been known
throughout this great State for thirty-six
years; and while I name him I do not in
any sense detract from any other aspirant
for that high and honorable position.
I do not believe, and the gentleman I
shall name would not permit, that he
should ride into position over the shat
tered reputations of any of his opponents
by any act or word of his or mine. The
gentleman I shall name stands a friend
among friends in this great contest. He
was born at West Point, N. V., in 1837,
his father being an officer in the United
States army at that time. ,**-Ie graduated
at the age of 18 from Yale and was ad
mitted to the bar of the State of New
York at the age of 21. He was a soldier
in the Union army during the rebellion
PIE-RCE- Of y<?LP
TAKE- 5 a TRACT
MEVOtJCRE-5 T-9R
E>UfcNs' MQMZrZTy
j and is a veteran of the Grand Army of
the Republic and of the Army and Navy
League of California. And that army and
navy league, representing 7500 members
and voters, respectfully ask for recogni
tion at this time. And let me say right
here, Mr. Speaker and members of the
Assembly, that this is the last rollcall for
the veterans of the war for the Union, for
already the veterans of the new and re
cent war are crowding to the front. Only
last week. Theodore Roosevelt, one of the
i grandest of the new veterans, was inau-
J gurated Governor of the great State of,
New _ ork; but let us not forget that the
I veterans who saved this nation are more
deserving of honor than those who ex
' panded and enlarged it.
The candidate for whom 1 speak came
i to California in IMS'* and has continued to
reside here, taking an active part in every
; political campaign, gubernatorial and na
i tional, since that date.
He has frequently been a member of
| local and State conventions and was
I chairman of the Republican State Con-
I vention which met in Los Angeles in 1886
\ He was president of that great political
club in San Francisco, Th.j Invincibles
for sixteen years. He has always been
loyal to the Republican party. His first
vote was cast for Abraham Lincoln and
his last for William McKinley. He never
sought offlce, has never held offlce and
; has never profited a dollar in any way
through the party. He has given his ser
vices gratuitously for a third of a century
and has contributed thousands of dollars'
to the success of the Republican party
He is known all over this great* State. He
is recognized as the champion of the late
Republican State ticket, and as having
done more to elect Governor Henry T
Gage and the whole ticket, national, State
an_ county, than any other orator in Cali
fornia. And many a member on the floor
of this House, perhaps, owes his election
mainly to the stirring and patriotic ad
dresses delivered during the last cam
paign by this veteran statesman. He
electrified the people, arousing not only
the old Republican patriotism, but also
the new, wider and grander hopes of this
branch of the Anglo-Saxon nice that is to
control the world.
Old Placer County, always true to the
Republican party, Ip unanimous for his
election. I have heard of test votes taken
by the electors in other parts of the State,
where he has. outnumbered all his com
petitors combined: and I believe that if a
popular vote could be taken at this hour
throughout the whole State the gentle
man I name would have an overwhelming
majority.
He has solicited no votes during this
canvass. Those who support him have
voluntarily come forward in his behalf.
He is by education, study and experience
fitted for this great position, and he is in
the full vigor of physical and mental man
hood. No man knows better than he the
relations of this State to the general Gov
ernment, its necessities and legitimate
claims. His views on all national ques
tions are well known/and are in harmony
With Republican sentiment in California
and in entire harmony with the policy of
the administration. He Is a loyal follower
of the. President, and if elected would
possess the President's confidence and the
respect of the Senate of the United States
end would win a national, a* he has won
a local, reputation. Mr. Speaker and
members of the Assembly, I have the dis
tinguished honor to be permitted to place
in nomination for the exalted position of
United States Senator that genial gentle
man, brave and gallant soldier, talented
lawyer, peerless orator and pre-eminent
statesman, General W. H. L. Barnes of
the State of California,
SECONDED BY CLOUGH.
In seconding Barnes' nomination As
semblyman. G. G. Clough said:
I really did not know that there were
so many gods in the State of California,
so many eminent men who are capable
and even more than capable of filling this
offlce in the United States Senate. There
ls one man, however, who is capable, who
rises supreme, whose eloquence has been
always heard In our party councils and
it Is my pleasure to second his nomina
tion. I was born down in New England,
Mr. Speaker and fellow members, and
eloquence was not born with me, but I
nevertheless stand here before you now
to second the nomination of the eloquent
and able gentleman. General W. H. L.
Barnes, to the United States Senate.
VALENTINE NAMES BULLA.
R. N. Bulla was placed in nomination
by L. H. Valentine of Los Angeles. He
said:
Mr. Speaker and Members of the Assem- ;
bly: I desire to place in nomination a gen- i
tleman for the position of United States :
Senator who has the characteristics of |
one who should be elected to that posi- ]
tion, and who possesses a qualification
that it is absolutely essential to success |
In the halls of Congress; a man . with :
wisdom, clear mind, splendid judgment,
ability and character. All these quali- |
fications are necessary, but there Is
still another to which I wish to I
refer and which is possessed to an cmi- !
nent degree by the gentleman whom I
take pleasure and pride in naming, and !
that is experience in legislation. The
gentleman whom I shall name is one who |
has sat in this hall for two terms and j
In the Senate of this great State of ours '
for one term and one session, and is now '
occupying his seat for the second session. i
And 1 say that of all legislators of this |
great State, from those golden days of
'49 to the present, there has been no one
who has stood higher in the estimation
of the people for his splendid ability, care
ful judgment and shrewd discrlmnation
as a legislator and for a strict adherence
to all questions of right and firm determi
nation and stand against all questions of j
wrong. It has been stated that when lie
sat here as member of this Legislature, a
member of this branch especially in his
second term, that all eyes were turned
upon him to see how he would vote upon !
important questions, and as he voted so }
voted those who were desirous of doing
right and standing for the best Interests
and welfare of the people of the State of I
California. His name is a name that is j
made illustrious from one end of the State !
of California to the other by his own
hand. He is a man that stands to-day
well known from Siskiyou to San Diego, j
He is a man that if elected to the United j
States Senate will be an honor to the j
State of California. And I say to you,
gentlemen, that now when all eyes are
turned to California as a center almost of |
civilization, it behooves us to look to the
qualifications of our Senators. Nov*,
gentlemen, I shall detain you but a mo
ment. I wish to say that the gentleman
whom I shall name for this distinguished
position is one who is loved by all who
know him. His own people In our great j
county of Dos Angeles, where he has been
returned to the Legislature time and
again by the unanimous wish of the con- '
vention "and by almost a unanimous wish 1
of the people, love him for what he has |
done. In the last convention of our
county, which was the largest convention
ever assembled in the county of Los i
Angeles, the most representative body of i
men ever gathered there, they took oc
casion to bring to the public eye the j
splendid qualifications of my candidate
and to Indorse him unqualifiedly for this j
high and distinguished .position. And,
gentlemen of the Assembly, I can but re- I
peat to you and say that In the nomina
tion of Robert N. Bulla for United States :
Senator (applause) and in his election you ,
will select a man that stands the peer of
any man in this great State of California
In point of the essential elements that go
to make up a great man and a great Sen
ator. Mr. Speaker and gentlemen, I take
great pleasure in nominating the Hon. ,
Robert N. Bulla for the position of United j
States Senator.
BELSHAW SECONDS BULLA.
The nomination of R. N. Bulla was
seconded by C. M. Belshaw of Contra
Costa. He said:
Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the As
sembly: It Is with a feeling of pride and
of pleasure that I rise to second the nom
ination of the Hon. Robert N. Bulla. Four
years ago It was my good fortune to have
been associated with him in the Assem
bly. He was at that time chairman of the
Judiciary Committee and was the ac
knowledged leader of the House.
From this Intimate association I learn
ed to admire him for his honesty, upright
eousness, purity of purpose and his un
tiring efforts in behalf of good govern
ment. His life, both public and private,
is pure and undeflled, and he is beloved
by all who know him. He is the peer of
any gentleman who is named for Sena
torial honors in all that goes to make an
Ideal United States Senator. For a num
ber of years past he has devoted his time
and intelligence to the interest and wel
fare of our State, and step by step he has
been advanced politically by his constitu
ents until he now asks at your hands the
highest office in the gift of the Legisla
ture. And I Bay to you. Mr. Speaker, and
gentlemen of the Assembly, that if we
shall send Mr. Bulla to the United States
Senate we will make no mistake and we
may rest assured that the national affairs
of California will be safe in his keeping.
MARVIN NOMINATES KNIGHT
George A. Knight's name was placed
before the Assembly by Dr. Marvin of
Humboldt, who said:
Mr. Speaker, and Members of the As
sembly: I have a man to place In nomi
nation who needs no eulogy, a man whom
everybody in this hall ls acquainted with,
and I will make my remarks very brief. I
put to you the name of George A. Knight
the lawyer, of San Francisco. (Applause.)
a-
SECONDED BY BOYNTON.
The nomination was seconded by Mr.
Boynton of Humboldt. He said:
Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of this As
sembly: It is with pleasure that I rise
before you to second the nomination of a
boy who was raised
and educated ln the
far north. Mr. George
A. Knight I have
known from my boy
hood to the present
day. In sending that
man to the Senatorial
halls of this nation
you send a man there
who is not only quali
fied in every position
that he may be called
upon to fill, but he is
George A. Knight
I a man whose ability and whose ability
alone will place him before the people of
the United States. There has been no rail
road collar on George A. Knight so far as
this State of California knows. I know in
Humboldt, although they may talk of a
railroad, it would be a very short collar
to put around his neck. We may have to
take the sea for many miles to reach this
place. In placing in nomination the Hon.
George A. Knight of, Humboldt I hope you
will see in him a man for this responsible
position. (Applause.)
ANDERSON PRESENTS ESTEE
Assemblyman Alden Anderson of So
lano presented the name of M. M. Es
tee. He said:
Mr. Speaker and members of the As
sembly: I did not at this time intend to I
place any gentleman ln nomination before !
this body, but I have i
sat here and listened j
to the words of the !
gentlemen In naming
their respective can- '
dldates, and It was im
pressed upon my mind
that all those ciuallll
catlons should be con
tained in the gentle- j
man who Is to repre- '
sent California in the:
National Legislature, I
and it was further
il/. M. Ester.
impressed upon my mind that, the man
who more pre-eminently than any
other man contained the qualifications is
the Hon. M. M. Estee. (Applause.) In |
saying this I speak advisedly. He ls !
known to all the residents of California. |
Coming ' here in 1853 we first find him
among the miners of El Dorado County.
Next we find him in Amador. In 1857 we
find him in Sacramento pursuing the du
ties of his vocation: in 1863 a member of
this Assembly: in 1873 a member and
Speaker of the Assembly, and so on. In
fact you all have known him filling the
positions which he has been called upon
to fill with- ability and with marked em
inence. Mr. Speaker, after the votes
were counted upon last election day and
It became plain tnat the Legislature was
to be Republican and was to elect a Re
publican successor to the Hon. Stephen
I. White. I made it my duty to canvass
those of my constituents who had an in
terest in public affairs and I say to you
that when I cast mv vote for Morris M.
Estee I cast it on behalf of four-fifths of
the constituents of the Nineteenth As
sembly District. I nominate Morris M.
Estee ' for United States Senator. * (Ap
plause.) : ;s'. ■■■-.
The nomination was seconded by
Owen Wade of Napa.
THE MINORITY CANDIDATE.
In placing Hon. Stephen M. White in
nomination Assemblyman Meade of
Los Angeles said:
Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the As
sembly—We have listened to virtues of
so many Republican candidates for Sen
ator that it seems to me we should now
have one Democrat nominated. I shall
name a man who has honored California
by the able manner in which he has rep
resented her in the Senate during the
past six years, a man who first saw the
light in this great State, whose boyhood
was spent here, who was educated here,
and who In the years of his manhood has
represented her with ability and distinc
tion, one who is proud of California and
California is not ashamed of him. Some
of our Republican friends have advised
us many times during the past few weeks
that wo should be Californians first and
partisans afterward; that the broadest
and best citizen was he who loved not
party less, but country more; we all ap
plaud that sentiment. I honor the man
who preaches that doctrine and practices
it; and to-day we will give our Republi
can friends all a chance to rise above
party and vote for a man for Senator of
whom we can be proud; a man who com
mands the respect and esteem of his fel
low Senators without regard to party, a
man who has honored the Senate made
famous by Clay and Webster and Sum
ner. 1 nominate Stephen M. White.
SANFORD SECONDS WHITE.
J. B. Sanford of Mendocino, chairman
of the Assembly Democratic caucus
and chairman of the joint caucus of
both houses, seconded the nomination
of Senator White in behalf of the ml
nority for United States Senator, and
incidentally mentioned him as a candi
date for Vice President in 1900. San
ford did not know until the last mo
ment that he was expected to make the
seconding speech and spoke extempore.
He said:
Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the
House: If*) gives me great pleasure, as
chairman m the minority, to arise and
second the nomination of Hon. Stephen
M. White for United States Senator to
succeed himself. In the recent contest
the .Democratic party was defeated, but
we were by no means conquered, and
those that pretend to think that silver
and Democracy are dead will find us the
liveliest corpse two years hence they ever
had to contend with. The Democratic
party stands for equal and exact justice
for all and special privileges for none.
Upon such external principles of truth
and justice we are bound to win. We of
the minority propose here to-day to re
new our organization and reaffirm our
fealty to the grand old tenets of that
party that was founded by Jefferson, sus
tained by Jackson and defended by Bryan.
We propose to vote for a Democrat for
Senator, first last and all the time, be
cause a Democrat will stand for the in
terests of the people.
Hon. Stephen M. White has always
stood by the people as opposed to corpor
ate wealth. We want a Senator that will
be for the peopele. White has never been
found wanting. He has never worn a
railroad collar or bent his knee to a sin
gle trust. As Senator he has carried out
the wishes of Californians in a fearless,
upright manner. He has honored him
self, the State' and the nation. He stands
high In the councils of his party and Is
respected by all for his ability and his
fame has spread throughout the land
from ocean to ocean. If you want a man
for Senator— a fearless, upright, incorrpt
lble. able, conscientious man— elect Ste
phen M. White to succeed himself, and in
1900 the Democracy, under the banner of
Bryan and White, will sweep the country
from one end to the other.
POOLROOOM ODDS
ON THE CANDIDATES
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 10.— Now that the various
candidates for Senatorial honors have
been placed in nomination there is likely
to be some brisk betting. The followers
of the men named are enthusiastic in their
Continued on Page Nine.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
| A Pleasant, Simple, but Safe and
Effectual Cure for It.
Catarrh of the stomach has long been
considered the next thing to incurable,
i The usual symptoms are a full or bloat-
j ing sensation after eating, accompanied
sometimes with sour or watery risings,
a formation of gases, causing pressure
on the heart and lungs and difficult
breathing; headaches, fickle appetite,
nervousness and a general played out,
languid feeling.
There is often a foul taste in the
mouth, coated tongue and if the interior
of the stomach could be seen it would
show a slimy, inflamed condition.
The cure for this common and ob-
stinate trouble is found in a treatment
! which causes the food to be readily,
thoroughly digested before It has time
to ferment and irritate the delicate mu-
cous surfaces of the stomach. To secure
a prompt and healthy digestion is the
one necessary thing to do and when
normal digestion is secured the ca-
tarrhal condition will have disappeared.
According to Dr. Harlanson the safest .
and best treatment is to use after each
meal a tablet, composed of Diastase,
Aseptic Pepsin, a little Nux, Golden
Seal and fruit acids. These tablets can
now be found at all drug stores under
the name of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
and not being a patent medicine can be
used with perfect safety and assurance
that healthy appetite and thorough di-
gestion will follow their regular use
after meals.
Mr. N. J. Booher of 2710 Dearborn
street, Chicago. 111., writes: "Catarrh
is a local condition resulting from a
neglected cold in the head, whereby the
lining membrane of the nose becomes
inflamed and the poisonous discharge
therefrom passing backward into the
throat reaches the stomach, thus pro-
ducing catarrh of the stomach. Medical
authorities prescribed for me for three
years for catarrh of stomach without
cure, but to-day I am the happiest of
men after using only one box of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. I cannot
And appropriate words to express my
good feeling. I have found flesh, ap-
petite and sound rest from their use.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the
safest preparation as well as the sim-
plest and most convenient remedy for
any form of indigestion, catarrh of
stomach, biliousness, sour stomach,
heartburn and bloating after meals.
Send for little book, mailed free on
stomach troubles, by addressing F. A.
Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich. .The tablets
can he found at all drug stores.
T^'QTTQTJTTIQ FOR BARBERS, BAK-
jDIIU k_)l-LJ--0 «"■■"•"'. bootblackß, bath-
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, eanners,
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tp r--nofers. tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 3ft
UB6 P^%. Se
Woodbury's \f m *% Woodbury's
Faoial Soap, Faoial Cream.
Cleans, purifies and beautifies the skin and
clears the complexion of pimples, blotches and
blackheads. Send 10 cents for Beauty Book,
and receive sample of each free. JOHN H.
WOODBURY, 26 "W. 23d at.. New York, anl
163 State St., Chicago.
56
_^JL.___ \ *^_iRS /iff «__vll
Nli •IMf it* /S /<fi."?' _fl**«*^v___f»-ffl Bl %ST I I
WEDNESDAY JANUARY n, 1899
!" JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
■ " : Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ... 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers in tljls city. and surroundlog towns
for 15 cents a week.. By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents. V. ■■
THE WEEKLY CALL, 16 paftes .One year, by mall, $1
OAKLAND OFFICE... 90S Broadway
NEW. YORK OFFICE :.-.- Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE... Rlftfia House
- C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE .Marquette Buildlnft
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative. '
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9*30 o'clock- 621 McAllister, street, open uotll 9:30
o'clock' 615 Larkin street, open uotll 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, uotll 10 o'clock- . 2291 MarKet
street; corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventl)
• street, open uotll 9 o'clock- 1505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
- • , .AftJUSHMENTSk .
Columbia — "The Man From Mexico."
California— "Pudd'nhead Wilson."
Alcazar "The Magistrate."
Tiv'oli— "The Yellow Dwarf."
Morocco's— Hi He,nry Minstrels.
OrjJheum— Vaudeville.
ComMy— "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
The Chutes— Gorilla Man, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympja — Corner Mason and Eddy streets. Specialties.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
In«leside Racetrack— Races To-day. _^^^____^__^^_^__
/J'"../'---: AUCTION SALES.
By Frank XV. Butterfleld— This day, January 11, at 11
o'clock. Furniture, at 1809 Stelner st.
By Madison & Burke— Tuesday, January 17, at 12 o'clock.
Real -Estate, at 626 Market st. '
IN MEMORY tOF BAKER-
AMONG the measures' of greater value than
mere utility to be considered by the Legisla
ture at this session is one providing an appro
priation of $15,000 for the erection of a statue of
Colonel E. D. Baker. The measure is not a new one
to the people of California, and needs no elaborate
argument to commend it to their approval.
Short as has been the history of California, her
annals are rich in the records of men of vigorous and
picturesque personality. A story of the State written
by a master who could depict character with the
vividness of Macaulay would be one of the most enter
taining books ever written. It would be crowded with
figures in striking contrast with one another, but
each worthy of commemoration by reason of the
virile force .with which he acted his part in the stir
ring events which marked the development of the
present orderly and prosperous commonwealth from
the wild and romantic communities which gathered
around the mining camps of the early days.
Among these striking, manly and not infrequently
noble figures Colonel E. D. Baker stands pre- j
eminent. Orator, lawyer, statesman, soldier and pa- !
i
triot hero, he is easily our foremost man. His high
and splendid talents have not been surpassed in their
variety, nor to some extent in their degree of excel
lence, by any man America has yet presented to the
world. He had, moreover, the high fortune of a
death equal to the merit of his genius, and the splen
dor of his deeds in life is enhanced by the glory of his
fall upon the field of battle.
Had he lived in New England, where an abun
dant literature preserves and commemorates the
deeds of men of genius, Baker would be as famous
for oratory as Choate, or Everett, the equal of Win
throp'/or Andrews in statesmanship, and more hon
ored than all of these by reason of his heroic pa
triotism, burning with ardor, and achieving a true
martyrdom by the supreme sacrifice of self that the
republic might live.
\. Colonel Baker merits a monument, for his services
to the State and the nation were great, and were ren
dered at a time when they were of the highest value.
What he accomplished for the Union and for liberty
by his courage and his eloquence can never be fully
raised. It suffices that when the hour came when
such 'qualities were needed to rouse, vivify and unite
the. patriots of the State, Colonel Baker came forth
as if charged by destiny to perform that work; and
when he had performed it he led the way to battle and
grve his life as the first great sacrifice of the war.
California needs a monument to Baker. His statue
might be included among the work done for the
liberal education of the people, since his memory is
an incentive to the best and highest citizenship. The
.■amount asked for the purpose is none too great. It
should be granted in both houses unanimously by a
rising vote. . ,
f^Rf-HD TO PRINT HOAR'S SPEECH-
\ ' " l ''HE Examiner is probably the most insolent and j
..I 'pretentious, journal in the United States. But
° ;.: . it is not a newspaper, because it does not pub
° Jishthe' news. A striking proof of this fact occurred
.-yesterday. Senator Hoar of Massachusetts, who not '
. •unworthily occupies the seat of Daniel Webster, j
= made • a great argument against imperialism, which
.every. 'intelligent citizen could respect, even though j
it ran.- counter to his own wishes, and which, both on J
account! of. its merits and of the distinguished source j
from which it came, was telegraphed to all parts of i
th* United States, and probably to Europe. It was |
quite fully published in the newspapers of San Fran- |
cisco, but omitted by the Examiner. Whether this
omission was due to some necessity for retrench- j
ment, 'owing to diminished circulation, or to the cir- ;
cumstance, frequently noted, that the Examiner is the
personal organ of the young man who has super- I
, seded Washington. Jefferson, Jackson, Webster, Clay ;
and all the other deceased statesmen of our country, ;
it is hard to determine. In either event, the reading !
public is equally interested. The youthful Napoleon ;
who runs the War Department, the Navy Department
and the Department of State, and who still finds time \
to attend to other branches of the Government, is
either hard run or determined not -to be diverted
from his. self-imposed task of nailing our flag to the j
mast of imperialism.
Even if the Eighth is willing to be mustered out,
there is no reflection to be made upon the patriotism
of the regiment. It has taken whatever came with
out a grumble.
The Czar's proposed peace conference has given
rise to so much bad poetry that there will soon be a
demand for an increase of armies to suppress the
poets.
The report that Spain's floating debt has been re
duced inclines to the belief that her navy must have
been included in that form of debt.
BETRAYERS OF TRUST.
CALIFORNIA has been dragged to the border
land of dishonor by the men whose first ; dnty
should have been to protect her fair fame. In
Senate and Assembly Dan Burns has been nominated
for the United States Senatorship, and twenty-four
have been found so lost to all decency, so regardless
of the public weal, so reckless in besmirching the
reputation of the commonwealth, as to vote for this
prison-tainted idol of the slums. And to gloat over
the encroachment of vice, the downfall of honor, the
betrayal of constituencies, the lobbies were filled with
gamblers, touts, loafers, cheering the name of Burns.
On every hand were the creatures of his bounty, or
who flourish in the illegitimate pursuits Burns and
his associates uphold; - social outcasts whose home is
in the tenderloin, whose classification is known to the
police, and who are the lowest moral types known to
the criminologist — all these applauded and made
merry to learn that twenty-four members of the Leg
islature had cast their political lots with Burns, the
notorious, the defaulter of years ago, the recreant
Secretary, the plotting schemer of Candelaria.' Let
their names be remembered in execration for a season
and then pass into oblivion. Here is the precious list:
SENATORS.
Bettman, San Francisco.
Burnett, San Francisco.
Hoey, San Francisco.
Laird, Shasta.
Leavitt, Alameda.
Shortridge, Santa Clara.
Wolf, San Francisco.
ASSEMBLYMEN.
Arnerich, Santa Clara-
Barry, San Francisco.
Beecher, Shasta.
Cobb, San Francisco.
Devoto, San Francisco.
Dibble, San Francisco.
Henry, San Francisco.
Johnson, Sacramento.
Kelley, Alameda. .
Kelsey, Santa Clara,
Kenneally, San Francisco.
Lundquist, San Francisco.
McKeen, Alameda.
Miller, San Francisco.
Pierce, Yolo.
Rickard, San Francisco.
Eugene Sullivan, San Francisco.
SureJy this is a shame deep enough. It cannot be
that the ruffians of politics, the rogues of diplomacy,
the sandbaggers of statesmanship, will be able to add
to this roster of the unfit and unholy. Unless they
utterly exhausted their resources on this first ballot,
then will the present Legislature reek above that of
"a thousand scandals." The one scandal of the elec
tion of Burns would outrank a multitude.
The sponsors for Burns had to apologize for him.
They were forced to declare belief in his honesty, and
with a wave of the hand they banished all the black
record of corruption which has made up his political
life. They said his word was as good as his bond.
They dilated upon his devotion to friends, and many
1 of the friends, the rag-tag and bobtail of the eco
nomic deeps, were there to listen and approve. In the
very building in which the speakers stood are the
| official records showing that Burns owes the State
$31,000 for money stolen. So the assertion that he
was honest rang mockingly through the halls, and
if perchance they reached the office where Burns
waited to learn if his chattels had remained faithful,
he must have smiled grimly.
Day by day the battle will proceed. The twenty
four have taken their places, and, as the ownership
of Burns had not been questioned, nobody needed to
be surprised. But any recruits to join the roped and
branded twenty-four will be regarded as more wan
tonly and brazenly iniquitous than the original.
Two dozen renegades; , two dozen unblushing bar
teters of honor; the dry rot of Burns' influence has
spread, but it can still be cut out.
THE TOX SHIRKER fIT B^Y.
THE action of Judge Morrow of the United
States Circuit Court in remanding the Benham
and Johnson cases against Wells, Fargo & Co.'s
Express to the Justices' Court of this city for trial
apparently makes the conquest of the war tax shirk
ing corporation easy.
These actions were brought, it will be remembered,
for the purpose of compelling the Express Company
to pay for a stamp which the war revenue act declares
must be affixed to every receipt or bill of lading is-.
sued by that corporation. Benham and Johnson sued
for $50 damages, caused by the refusal of Wells,
Fargo & Co. to accept for shipment a package of
merchandise in the regular course of business. The
corporation has been defeated in every case which
has heretofore been brought against it for the purpose
of testing the law, and it was defeated in the Justices'
and Superior courts of this city in an action similar
to those now under discussion. So, when Johnson
and Benham began their suits the corporation, with
characteristic indirectness, removed them upon affi
davit to the United States Circuit Court. The allega
tion was that they involved a Federal question and
that the United States court had jurisdiction to try
them.
Judge Morrow now decides that he cannot entertain
the plea of the corporation that it is the duty of
shippers to pay its war tax, and he has remanded the
actions to the Justices' Court, where they will be
tried, and, upon the precedent already established,
decided in favor of the plaintiffs. ,
" If the tax-shirking corporation is unable to find any
1 other legal expedient by which it can evade the law
ii would now seem that; it is in a corner. All
! shippers need do is to tender packages, and upon a
j refusal to transport them commence suits for dam
ages. Several of these may be begun every day, and as
I each one will cost the company about $20 — even if
the damages are assessed at no greater sum than was
j agreed upon in the Costley case — they may be made
j so expensive as finally to compel the tax-shirking
corporation to meet its legal obligations.
But a prolonged wriggle may be counted upon.
When a corporation with no more conscience than is
possessed by Wells-Fargo sets out to evade its taxes
it sticks to its colors a long time. Before it will sub
mit to pay its taxes we may anticipate that Mr. Val
entine will exhaust all the resources of the law and
travel through every tribunal in the State. In the
meantime, it may be remarked, his tax shirking is
costing the shippers of the State upward of $10,000
a month.
Because Count Castellane was stated .to have
fought a duel he proposes to bring suit for libel. It
is strange he should take this view of the case The
accusation was really a compliment, for it credited
him with a courage nobody ever supposed him to pos
sess.: -If he is anxious to sue somebody he might go
after the person who lately spread abroad the tale
that Castellane is no count, and that the Goulds
bought bogus goods.
THE SAN AN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1899.
GOVERNOR : GAGE'S INfIUGURfIL.
THE CALL is unaffected by the narrow manifes
tations of Governor Gages temper toward it.
We fought with a whole heart for his election,
but not with any intention to repress adverse criti
cism of his official acts when they deserve it, or to be
silent when he improperly sacrifices the attitude of a
Governor to assume that of. a. factional, leader in his.
party. His tart temper toward the press has meas
urably prevented an 'unbiased review of his inaugural
address in those journals which otherwise would have
gladly analyzed, in a friendly spirit, its many expres
sions of proper public policy. The Call is uninfluenced
by any antagonisms, and Governor Gage will find no'
more loyal supporter.-, of every right act of his ad
ministration than this paper, nor will he .find a more
conscientiously remorseless critic of the wrongs and
improprieties into which his too -'carelessly, chosen!
surroundings may lead him. ; 7*
Being a man new to public affairs, it was expected
that his inaugural would deal in those generalities
which are usually chosen on such occasions, and are
intended merely gratify State pride and stimulate;
party enthusiasm. •_
The State is quite impressed and- favorably^ affected
by the contrast between the usual and the actual in
augural upon which the Governor assumes his office.
His reference to our vast area supplies a reason for
the number of our State institutions, and he might
have gone further and shown that their administra
tion, under all parties, has cost less per capita of in
mates than in parallel institutions of typical States in
the Middle West and on the Atlantic seaboard. " The
people expect him to so manage the public trust that
is upon him that this record of economy will be
changed only to be made better, and he is expected
to, remember that this can be only by considering fit
ness and not personal political obligations in his ap
pointments. When the two are joined and such an
obligation can be paid without violating the prin
ciple of fitness, the. people will tolerate what is re
garded as partisan gratitude. Otherwise they will be
properly intolerant of such a policy.
There is always criticism of the prevalence of the'
American lawyer in our executive and legislative
offices. Of the fifty-six signers of the Declaration of
Independence twenty-four were lawyers. Of the re
maining thirty-two, eight were farmers, nine were
merchants, three statesmen, four physicians, two sol
diers, one sailor, one printer, one educator, one sur
veyor, one fouridryman, one shoemaker. In the dif
ferent branches of the Government since, that propor
tion has been quite steadily maintained.
It is suspected by laymen, sometimes, that the law
yer is in office to add such complexity to the statutes
as to increase litigation for the benefit of his profes
sion. If this suspicion be justified, Governor Gage
has laid himself liable to discipline for unprofessional
conduct by recommending that there be as little legis
lation as possible. His declaration that "the best
laws are not usually the most complex, and the aim
and art of government is to attain simplicity; the
best ' governed State has the fewest laws," is an
aphorism that will seat itself in the public mind and
memory. His reference to the "log rolling" of ap
propriations is as sound in theory as it would be
economical in practice. --'.■-
But, alas! for the tendency of human nature, . the
day is far below the horizon of the future when an
appropriation will be able to stand on its merit. The
practice of . log rolling began in Congress with the
river and harbor bill. Henry Clay, in introducing
that bill to the House from his committee, eighty
years ago, aware that every member with a thunder
shower creek in : his district had something in the pot,
said: "Mr. Speaker, the committee recommends the
passage of this bill, and I take it, as I took my wife,
for. better or for worse.''
The Governor's recommendation that the State
treasury be permitted to "catch up" by making in
come and outgo concurrent is good and ought to be
feasible. As he points out, appropriations all payable
out of the general fund 'become payable at once,
while tax collections .are still six months off, and
past appropriations have 'exhausted the fund or are
still depleting it. State warrants must then issue and
be hawked at a discount, to the public discredit. If
a way can be devised to have the inflow and outflow
of the treasury concurrent and equal to each other, it
will improve the credit of the State and economize
the administration of its business.
The Governor has a watchful eye upon the cause of
extravagance in the State Printing Office, ar.d in the
erection of public buildings, and he should keep that
eye open.
His recommendation of an intermediate appellate
court does not harmonize with his counsel that legis
lation be less and simpler to abate the cause of liti
gation. Our judicial establishment is now as ample
as that of States with twice our population, and its in
crease will not be in the interest of economy. Let
the Supreme Court Commission stand as a permanent
relief to the court. of last resort, and put no further
burdens on the people.
In. the Governor's opinion the county suits for re
covery of large commissions from the State are
based upon a typographical and not. a legislative
omission, and at the same time he points out the im
policy of such suits, even if they have a valid founda
tion. *
In view of the vacuum in the treasury threatened
by those suits, and to get justice that has been long
delayed, he presents, the case of the State for recov
ery of principal arid interest expended in the Federal
behalf during the Civil War, under the act of Con
gress of July 27, 1861. : The State slept upon her
rights in that matter until every other State in the
Union had made its case and most of them had been
reimbursed. When California at last appointed her
agents, as required by ' Federal law, nearly a. dozen
years had passed since those claims accrued, and the
difficulties surrounding the State's agents in making
the required proofs were vastly increased. It took
years of intricate research to establish these claims,
but they were finally presented to a commission of
the War Department and approved, since when they
have awaited Congressional action. The agents of
t*c State have done their hard duty, the debt is ad
mitted by the United States, and the account should
be closed. - > . , • >
The sentiment at the close of the inaugural will
meet with universal approval: "The money of the
State is most securely guarded and the rights of
the people best preserved when honor is placed above,
emoluments and self-love yields to love of country."
To make that the rule of his administration Governor
Gage will have to disappoint some people, but their
disappointment will be salutary, and he cannot begin
it too soon. '
Senator Piatt of Connecticut has amended the
Declaration of Independence, so as to make it read
that "governments derive their just powers from the
consent of some of the governed." This may be good
politics in a nutmeg' State, but' somehow it grates on
the ears of the American people.
It is reported from Washington that taxes in Porto
Rico are to be reduced, and that is one colonial
scheme whose expansion we would like to see reach
California-
THE RAIN CAME
AND WITH IT
CONFIDENCE
It Was a Most Timely
Visitation.
BANKERS DISCUSS OUTLOOK
'. ;.':'.; '•*. — "N : "
,A YEAR .OF GREAT PROSPER-
I ITY IS PROMISED.
Capital Will Come Out of Its Retreat
and the Varied Industries Will
Wax Strong and
Active.
.''And the rain descended and the floods
came and the winds blew," whereof tnere
was' great joy throughout the erstwhile
dusty State of California. This is the song
that is sounding- throughout the common
wealth In these times as a result of the
kindness of Rain King Hammon in send
ing the generous downpour that has vis
ited the State from the Oregon line to
the boundaries of Mexico.
The general public cannot realize the
wonderful revulsion of . feeling that
haa taken place in financial circles
in this city and State in conse
quence of the soaking dispensation.
The long face . and the grumpy man
ner have given place to the broad-smil
ing, glad-to-see-you countenance, and
the man who can now show good reasons
why he should borrow money to conduct
a legitimate business on promising lines
can without much difficulty make connec
tion with the "yellow boys" to loan.
With reference to the storm and its mo
mentous import to California the follow
ing interviews with the heads of several
leading financial institutions of San Fran
cisco will be read with particular interest:
"Since the coming of this last storm the
business aspect has changed a thousand
per cent for the better," said P. N. J -il
ienthal, manager of the Anglo-California
Bank. "Everybody Is feeling greatly re
lieved at the outlook, particularly those
who have loans on country property. I
do not know whether or no this storm has
reached the southern part of the State.
If it has it will work a transformation
not only in that section but in the re
mainder of the State. However, it should
be stated that times have been anything
but bad in California during the past
year. The retailers will tell you that
they have done a good business in the
last twelve months. People have spent
money freely, and the credit accounts
have been settled with reasonable
promptness. If we get a fair quantity of
rain during the remainder of the winter
and spring California should enjoy a
highly prosperous year. The situation at
the present time is decidedly satisfac
tory."
"The late storm has made a wonderful
change in the situation in this State,'
Said S. G. Murphy, president of the First
National Bank. "Heretofore we have been
sitting back as prudent men should and
awaiting developments. Now we are ready
to jump in and take hold of any proposi
tion that is solvent and promising, and
do business. There is plenty of capital
here looking for investment, and it only
needed confidence to put it in motion.
With the coming of this splendid rain that
confidence is restored. \\ ith spring rains
this should be one of California r best
years. I Everybody '* who has interests in
this great commonwealth has reason to
be gratified with the present situation.
"The merchants have done a fine busi
ness this year, notwithstanding the prac
tical loss of our wheat and fruit crops.
This fact is due to the war and the Klon
dike business. ■ The Philippines have also
contributed to our welfare."
"The outlook is very satisfactory, ' said
I. W. Hellman, president of the Nevada
Bank. "I have just received advices from
Los Angeles, stating that this big south
east storm has reached that section and
is' giving it a good soaking. This meitns
everything to that region, which has suf
fered seriously up to the present time for
want of rain. There is a surplus of money
in this State looking for investment, and
this new situation is calculated to bring
it out. For some time capital has shown
a lack of interest in landed Investments
and has been interested in bonds, which
have commanded a high figure. With the
outlook so promising as at present I
think it is only a question of time when
investors will go back to real estate.
With more rain later California will en
joy one of its most prosperous years. It
should be remembered that 1898 was a
very fair year for the merchants of this
city. The War Department distributed a
large amount of money here, and the
Klondike mining has done much to con
tribute to our prosperity. This made up
in a large degree for the partial loss of
our crops last year.".
"Ten days or two weeks ago," said
Thomas Brown, cashier of the Bank of
California, "the people of California were
wearing long faces and despondently
looking for another dry year with all its
accompanying troubles. To-day those
same faces wear a cheerful smile and our
people look hopefully forward confident
that the danger is. safely passed. Of
course we cannot tell what may happen
later in the year, but at this time we have
every reason to be thankful. The break
ing of the drought by this great storm is
of untold value to California, and If the
usual winter and. spring rains follow the
State should experience one of the most
prosperous years in its history."
Andrea Sbarboro, president of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion, takes a bright view of the situation.
In the course of his remarks regarding
the effects of the rain he said:
"All Ills do not come to injure. The
drought of 1897 and the scare of '98 will
stimulate capital to store up the abun
dance of waters that flow from our moun
tain streams so that they may be utilized
in the years of drought. California will
in time become to a certain extent inde
pendent of the fickle rain god by adopt-'
ing the methods that are in vogue in
Italy. There they have systems of irri
gation made possible by storing up the
waste waters. When' that relief comes
to us, what a splendid commonwealth we
will have. As to this rain, coming an It
did In the nick of time, it will very likely
•furnish* the* State with an abundant crop'
of everything; and as our distributing
markets are increasing, as our rah*ln
growers and viticulturists have by co
operation in their respective industries
guaranteed fair prices* for their products
the last year of the century looks as if
it would be the most prosperous Caiiior
nia has ever been blessed with."
THE STATE HAS RECEIVED
A THOROUGH DRENCHING
Southeast Gale Sensibly Diminished,
but.the End of the Storm Is Not
Yet Encouraging Crop
Prospects.
The storm widen" has been with us for
twenty-four hours is called by the
weather officials "a regular old-tim.-r."
The whole State has. received a thorough
soaking and crop prospects have been
very sensibly brightened by the bounteous
precipitation. The southeast gale which
prevailed Monday night and Tuesday died
out yesterday afternoon and at C o'clock
last evening the wind was southwest and
blowing at the rate of fourteen miles an
hour. While there was a lull in the rain
fall, Official Willson was of the opinion
that it was only temporary and that the
storm had not yet left us. He did not
contemplate a return of the violent wind
but firmly believed we would have more
rain, on account of the falling barometer,
which presages another storm wave or a
continuation of the old one.;-*
The | rain was the heaviest of recent
years,' besides covering a larger territory
Last evening rain was falling at Los An
geles and San Diego, with a high south
east wind in both places. An inch of rain
fell in this city, a half inch at Los An
geles, where it was still r-ining, and
Fresno had nearly an inch. : -here have
been heavy rains in the Sacramento and
San Joaquin valleys, and the onlook for
the State has never before btsn more
bright. The conditions which e valled
have no counterpart in the meteoiologlcal
history of California for six years past.
The barometer was lower yesterday than
it ever has been before, with one excep
tion. The mercury stood at a little 'ower
than 30 inches, indicating a light atmo
spheric pressure.- Professor Ham-rion
says that the fall will increase the depth
of the Sacramento River by at least eirnt
feet. , 7 ■ . \
AGAINST TOWING LOG RAFTS
Chamber of Commerce Petitions Con-
gress to Stop the Nuisance. . ,
At a meeting of the trustees of the
Chamber Commerce, yesterday the fol
lowing new members were elected: W. B.
Curtis, G. W. McNear Jr., R. D. Fry, J-
R. Hanepy, Ed F. Wilbur and the Albion
Lumber Company.' "The request Of the
Board of Harbor Commissioners of Eu
reka for an appropriation of 175,000 from
Congress for . clearing the channel of
Humboldt Bay was indorsed. It was also
decided to give all possible aid to the
Mechanics' Institute in its projected co
lonial fair enterprise. " '-' '
The board drafted a bill to be present
ed to Congress prohibiting the towing of
log rafts on this coast. It will be sent
to Washington at once. The Congression
al bill placing the express companies un
der the control of the Interstate Com
merce Commission was indorsed, as was
also the movement of the Detroit Cham
ber of Commerce to have Congress ar
range for a more liberal parcel post.
On the 21st inst. the California Miners
Association will hold a meeting In the
rooms of the chamber to take , steps
toward preserving the water supply of the
State. The board appointed Julian Sonn
tag, Professor George Davidson and G.
E. Davis as delegates. A resolution was
passed asking the President of the United
States to favor the holding of a congress
of nations for the purpose of keeping pri
vate property exempt from seizure in
times of war except in cases of carrying
contraband goods and running blockades.
The candidacy of James S. Hanley for
Pilot Commissioner and Captain M. Har
low for the position of Port Warden were
indorsed.
The annual election of officers of the
chamber was held in the afternoon . and
resulted as follows: President, Charles
Nelson; first vice president, George A.
Newhall; second vice president, H. F. Al
len; trustees— Leon Blum, Frank L.
Brown, E. R. Dimond, A. B. Field, R. D.
Fry, George W. McNear Jr., William E.
Mighell, M. A. Newell, H. Rosenfeld, F.
Tillmann Jr., A. G. Towne, Charles M.
Yates.
WANT A CHAIR OF
FORESTRY CREATED
BOABD OF TBADE DESIRES THE
BENEFITS OF SCIENCE.
A Strong Stand Taken in the Cause of
Pure Food Legislation The
State's Lumber Output.
The exhibit, of the California State
Board of Trade has at last been installed
in the new quarters in the ferry building,
and yesterday the rooms were thrown
open for inspection by the public. The
arrangement is very artistic, and the ex
hibit now stands as the best of its kind
ever assembled In the West.
The board of directors held their regu
lar meeting for the first time in the new
offices, and nearly all were present. Upon
the request of the National Pure Food
Congress, that is to assemble in Washing*
ton on the 21st inst., the board appointed
Senators Perkins and White and all of
the Congressmen of the State as repre
sentatives. The board indorsed the bill
introduced by Congressman Merritt Gros
ner which makes, it a felony, to adulter
ate foods, drinks, etc., and forbidding the
false labeling of packages and products.
The latter clause is to prevent Eastern
packers from putting labels ; on . their
goods that lead the public to believe that
they come from other places. The Pacific
Coast representatives will be urged to in
dorse this bill. • • -
The matter of the preservation of the
forests of the West was discussed, and a
committee was appointed, consisting of
John P. Irish, Craigie Sharp and W. H.
Mills, to confer with the Board of Regents
at the meeting of the latter on the 21st
inst. The committee .was instructed to
urge upon the faculties of the universi
ties of Berkeley and Stanford to create
a chair of forestry in their respective in
stitutions. Cornell College is the only
university in the United States which has
such a chair, where the technical
branches of forestry are taught. As it is
now, the United States is obliged to se
cure the services of German scientists as
experts in this branch. Senator McAllis
ter took a great Interest in the discussion
of this subject, and promised to do all in
his power to aid in the work of forest
preservation.
Editor Merritt of Wood and Iron asked
the board to devise ways and means of
finding the output of lumber of this State,
as there are no statistics of this industry.
The board have taken the matter in hand
and will prepare a report for the benefit of
the public. A letter was received from
the Mechanics' Institute asking the in
dorsement of its project to hold a colonial
fair in September. While the request was
not refused, the board decided that the
proposition to ask the Legislature to ap
propriate $50,000 for this purpose would
be to weaken the chances of getting' any
money for the big fair and exposition in
1901. However, a committee was appoint
ed to confer with the r Institute people be
fore definite action was taken.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
Wills and a Petition for Letters of
Administration Filed.
The will of Amy Chase Smith, who died
on the 7th inst., was filed for probate yes
terday. The testatrix devises $50 to her
brother, Henry Jernegan; $50 to Lottie J.
Smith, a sister, and $950 to her mother,
Mrs. Charlotte C. Jernegan. The residue
is bequeathed Samuel C. Smith,- decedent's
husband. -
The will of Mary Cronin, who died De
cember 31, 1898, directs that her estate,
valued at $1550, be distributed as follows:
To Jeremiah Cronin, a brother, $50; to
Cornelius Cronin, a brother, of Nevada
$500; to Ellen Kendrick, a friend, $500; to
Kate Badger, a friend, $150; to Father
James McDonald of St. Peter's Church,
$50; to Father Grant, $50. The residue'
of the estate Is devised to Cornelius
Cronin.
. The will of Mary A. Parkinson, who
died July 7, 1898. directs that her $3000
estate be divided, share and share alike
among her children. James L., George F*
and Edmund W. Parkinson, and Margaret
Whipple.
Mary J. Cottrell has applied for letters
of administration * upon the estate of
George Cottrell, who, died on the 2d Inst
leaving an estate consisting of real and
personal property of the value of $10,000.
Nurses Graduate.
The graduating exercises of the San
Francisco Training School \ for Nurses
were eld on Monday evening at 8 o'clock
in the parlors of the Occidental Hotel.
After the rendering of the overture, Dr.
John M. Williamson made some appro
priate remarks, after which prayer was
offered by Rev. William Ingraham Kip Jr.
The addresses of the evening Were made
by Mayor Phelan and Dr. R. Beverly
Cole. The. diplomas were presented to
the nurses by Dr. G. E. Sussdorff, super
intendent of the City and County Hos
pital. Miss Patton. the principal of the
training school, presented the badges.
The exercises closed with the benediction.
The graduates were: Elizabeth Beau
champ, Margaret Bertram, Elizabeth
Dutot, Amy A. Hart, Minnie Headley,
Mary Kelly, Rose de Grace McQueen,
Ellen Mullen, Helena M. O'Brien and
Eleanor E. Underwood.
Leaks in the City Hall.
Judge lonian's courtroom was almost
flooded yesterday with the rain that came
down from the roof in a stream and emp
tied on top of the door leading into his
chambers. Comments were made that af
ter costing the city nearly $6,000 000 the
hall should be in such a leaky condition
Judge Treadwell Sick.
Judge Treadwell had to adjourn court
yesterday morning before his calendar
was half finished. He was very sick and
had to be led from the courtroom. '
NORMAL PUPILS
TO FIGHT FOR
THEIR SCHOOL
Will Protest Against
\ Its Abolition.
TEACHERS JOIN WITH THEM
DOCUMENT TO BE PRESENTED
A_* TO-NIGHT'S SESSION.
Many Business and Professional Men
Sign the Petition Asking Di
• rectors to Keep the Institu
tion Intact.
If present indications be not deceptive
to-night's meeting of the Board of Edu
cation will be almost as interesting. as a
Senatorial caucus. The decision on the
part of the Finance Committee of the
new board to recommend the abolition of
the San Francisco Normal School has
provoked the wrath of all the friends and
relatives of all parties connected with
the Institution in the capacity of teachers
or pupils. \ •
At 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon the
pupils of the Normal School met to pre
pare a formal protest against the pro
position which strikes at the existence of
the school they attend, -"here are 125
girls on the Normal roll and all of them
are indignant at the idea of being "re
solved" out of the prospect of obtaining
diplomas after having completed half the
course and undergone six of the final ex
aminations. Miss Grace Knowlton was
elected to preside and Miss Kimball was
chosen secretary.
After discussion as to the methods
proper to pursue in entering a protest
the girls concluded to have a committee,
consisting of their fathers or other male
j representatives, present at to-night's ses
sion of the Board of Education to empha
j size and add influence to the movement In
behalf of their school.
They didn't stop at that. They were
unanimously for battle, and no sooner
i had the idea of a public protest been sug
! gested than a committee, composed of
I Misses Knowlton, Kimball, Smart and
I Oliver, was appointed to formulate a plan,
| whereby the sense of prominent tax-pay-
I ers of San Francisco might be obtained
j with reference to the question of abolish
i ing the city's training school for teachers.
The committee acted speedily and be-
I fore the meeting of the Normalites had
dissolved mimeograph copies of a blank
protest were in the hands of every pu
pil present. Immediately after their de
parture from the normal class room the
girls proceeded to enlist the services of
male relatives and friends in the task of
securing signatures in various parts of
the city. At 9 o'clock last night a long
| array of names had been appended to the
i protest, which bids fair to astonish the
members of the new board, even should it
fail of the desired result. It bears the sig
' natures of lawyers, doctors, wholesale
; and retail merchants and office-holders
galore.
The Normal School principal, Mrs. La v-/
! ra T. Fowler, and the vice principal, Mrs.
M. M. Fitzgerald, were not parties to the
meeting, - doubtless preferring to avail
themselves of the diplomacy of friends
rather than pronounce themselves openly
in so delicate a matter.
The protest reads as follows:
"SAN FRANCISCO, Cal... -Tan. 10, 1398.
*. To the Honorable Board of Education. City .
and County of. San. Francisco— Gentlemen: •
! We, the undersigned taxpayers of. the City
j and County of San Francisco, do hereby urg
; ently and earnestly protest against the clos
; ing and abolishing of the San Francisco Nor
, mal School for the following reasons:
First— Our city needs a school where teach-
I ers may be trained for the specific work of
the San Francisco School Department.
Second— The present students entered the
! Normal. School with the understanding that
upon the completion of the year's work they
i would be entitled to the diploma of the said
j school and the recognition of their professional
j standing by the city board of examination.
1 They have done one term's work in good faith
I and are therefore entitled to Just considera-
I tion for the full normal course.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
' F. H. Mason of San Diego Is at the
Russ.
! A. B. Butler and wife of Fresno are at
the Palace. •'•
) A. L. Cheney of Skaguay is registered at
the Palace.
Thomas Goss of Los Angeles is a guest
at the Lick.
W. H. Masser, U. S. N., is a guest at
the Palace. *
John Flnnell, from Tehama, is a gUest
at the Palace. 7
H. S. Allen, a miner of Sonora, is a
guest at the Grand.
Attorney J. C. Ruddock of Ukiah is a
guest at the Grand.
W. J. Smith, a fruit raiser of Court
land, is at the Grand. ......
Supervisor J. W. Taggart of Santa Bar
bara is at the Grand.
J. B. Lankershim, a wealthy citizen of
Los Angeles, is' registered at the Palace.
J. M. Fulton of Reno, the general man
ager of the Nevada, Oregon and Califor
nia Railroad, registered at the Occidental
yesterday. - " ■ '•
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Smith, with their two
daughters, Mary S. and Alice, are at tha
Grand. The family are from Salt Lake.
They are accompanied by A. W. Davis
and Miss Edna M. Davis, from the same
city.
Mr. and Mrs. C, D. Stimson, Mr. and
Mrs. F. S. Stimson of Portland, and Mr.
and Mrs. E. T. Stimson of Los Angeles
arrived at the Palace yesterday. They
are wealthy people and are traveling for
pleasure.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— Werner of
I San Francisco is at the Hoffman. Ex-
Senator C. N. Felton, W. C. Martin and
H. Gamage of San Francisco are at the
Windsor. Mrs. J. Friedman of San Fran
cisco is at the Savoy.
« ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit 60c per lb at Townsends.*
: « ♦ «
Father Sheehy, the well-known Irish
priest, at Metropolitan Temple to-night,*
■ » * :
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. * V
"It was a pitch battle," he said.
" 'Pitched,' you mean," she corrected.
"I don't mean anything of the kind," he
replied. "I mean 'pitch." It was a fight
between tars."— Chicago Post.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soot-Lin? Syrup".
Has been used over fifty years by millions ot
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, . reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the _.st remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For eale by Druggists ln every
part of the. world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnelows Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle. '..
HOTEL DEL. CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only 160 by
steamship, including fifteen days* board at
hotel; longer stay $2 60 per 'day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street. San Francisco. '
■ Luxuriant hair with . its youthful color as- •">
sured by using: Fabkkr's Hair Balsam.
•Uindkbwrns, the best cure for corns. 19 cv.PRANKS OF THE
WIND ON THE
WATER FRONT
Freight Steamers Had
Narrow Escapes.
SEVERAL VESSELS OVERDUE
WIND TOOK CHARGE OF SHIPS
IN OAKLAND CREEK.
Modoc From Sacramento and Herald
...From Vallejo Had to Seek
Refuge— City of Dawson
Broke Adrift. /
■;. The. storm did not do as much damage
in the front as was expected. It blew
.'hard enough, hut it did not keep up from
any -one quarter for any length of time
.ar.ii when blowing its hardest It came
iron, the south-southwest— a wind that
'dee's not expose the shipping to very much
danger. ' At 6 a. m. it was blowing six
teen, miles an hour at Point Lobos. At 9
a: m. it had increased to twenty-four
miles an hour from the southeast, and at
nodn it was back to the south and piping
along a.t forty-four miles an hour. About
thfa time the bar began to get rough and
when, at 1 p. m.. the wind chopped around
i'o the. south-southwest and blew sixty
miles an hour, the pilot boats took shel
ter under the Farallons.
At Point Reyes the wind blew steadf
fro.ni the southeast at the rate of thirty
miles, an hour.
'The British ships Norma and King Da
vid are ting the full benefit of the
storm.. They left here last Monday for
Portland in ballast and should run up
/before the gale at railroad speed. Cap
tain Jones of the King David will make
sure that he does not get past the Colum
bia Ellver on this occasion. Last year he
went- out in a southeaster and was car
ried -fl far north that it took him seven
Weeks, to beat back to Astoria.
..'• Tho -steamers Leelanaw from Seattle.
.Washtenaw from Tacoma, Progreso from
Sraltt-le, Coquille River from Tillamook and
Barbara Hernster from Coquille were
scheduled to arrive yesterday, but have
probably been delayed by the storm. The
arrival of the Coquille River at Tillamook
has not been chronicled and the chances
are that she and the Barbara Hernster
are. bar bound. The Colon, from Panama
'Snd way ports, was due last Monday, but
■the storm should have helped her along.
She -will probably get in to-day.
- The. Southern Pacific's two freight
steamers, Transit and Thoroughfare, had
a lively time of it in the storm. The
Transit got across the bay from this side
all right, but when she was half way be
tween the lighthouse at the entrance to
Oakland Creek and her own slip she went
on-the rocks. The tug Sea Queen was sent
to her assistance and put a hawser
.aboard. When the strain came the haw
ser'parted and a portion of it got into the
tugs propeller, disabling her. The black
sta<-k tug Alert was passing at the time
and - Captain Smith hailed her and x
plained his predicament. On his return
trip Captain Silovich went to the Queen's
assistance and towed her to a place of
safety. He then made fast to the Tran
sit and pulled her off. The big freight
boat then got under way and proceeded to
.ii-er slip.
The .Thoroughfare got into trouble on
.this side. She was laden down with box
cars of merchandise and coal. After
leaving the Lombard street slip a squall
struck her and «»he heeled over so far
-that -even of the boxcars capsized and
" dumped the merchandise into the star
board scuppers. The captain made up his
mind to return to the slip, as he was
afraid another squall might capsize the
.vessel. In order to do this the pin hold
ing the forward rudder in place had to be
taken out and the one for the after rud
der replaced. It was a dangerous job, as
the waves were breaking over the vessel
and the boxes of merchandise were roll
ing about in all directions. A life pre
server was placed round one of the crew
and with a life line attached to him he
made his way forward and pulled out the
'p.in that kept the rudder from working.
"He then went aft and made that rudder
fast, .after which the vessel was steered
• Into the slip again. Both the Transit and
Thoroughfare made trips after their acci
dents.
The ship Wachusett. which drifted
down on the Western Union cable during
the night, was finally removed to a place
• of safety by the tug Sea King yesterday
afternoon. The captain was satisfied to
remain where he was, as the cable gave
him good holding ground, but the tele
graph-company didn't see it in that light.
. The anchor and chain were playing the
mischief with the cable, so the Western
. Union paid for a tug to move the vessel.
The waves played havoc with Spear
• street. Some time ago the city filled it in
.•as far as Bryant and made a passable
j roadway out of what had been a death
'trap. - Yesterday the waves got to work
' and undermined the roadway. Bit by bit
• it fell into the bay until Osmer's saloon
. was left without the pale, and planks had
. -to be put down to enable thirsty souls to
• get a drink.
The steamers Herald and Modoc were
•- late ln getting down the river yesterday.
t 'During the heaviest of the gale the Mo
doc - took shelter behind Mare Island,
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
HALF BLIND FROM
ECZEMA
Three Children Afflicted. Whole
Bodies and Faces Sore, Raw
and Bloody Mass.
Tried Doctor after Doctor for 20
. 'Months Without Slightest Re-
lief. Crying Constantly.
; Couldn't Sleep. Tried CUTICURA.
First Application Gave Relief.
Cured in Fourteen Days.
. >iv second child got eczema when seven
• months old. Three months later my first child
got it. and following him, the last one, two
years old. fell a victim. For twenty months
they suffered fearful agony.- Their whole bod-
ies, especially their faces, were so sore and
; raw that the little ■■- were blind half the
time. No words can describe the suffering: of
my second child. whose whole body was one
bloody mass. He was constantly crying, could
get -no sleep, and he actually did not look hu-
• man. -I tried dx.-tor after doctor, but none af-
forded the slightest relief. I decided to try
CUTICURA. The first application brought re-
..lief ih each case, and after fourteen day*
.treatment with CUTICURA SOAP and CUTI-
• CURA (ointment), the worst case was cured
and the whole neighboorhood ... at
the wonderful effect of CUTICURA I continue
. the use of CUTICURA SOAP for the children
because It makes the little ones look sn'emlirt'
Nov. 28, IS9S. MKS. ANNIE KIMJ
" . £15 E. 13th St., New York City.
In all the .world there Is no other treatment
•so pure, • sweet, so speedily effect: for
. distressing skin humors of Infants and children
• as- C'U'TICURA, greatest of skin cures, blood
'purifiers and humor remedies. A warm bath
with CUTICURA SOAP, and a single anoint- i
• Ira- with CUTICURA (ointment), purest of :
, emollient skin' cures, will afford Instant relief,
permit rest and sleep to both parent and child, :
and point to a speedy, permanent and economi- '•
cal cure, when all else fails.
- Sold throughout the world. POTTER D. and I
• C: CORP., Sole Props., Boston. "How to Cure !
Baby Humors," free.
El ft RfTlf ana> Falling Hair Prevented
tAvt DL'JIVfIJ by cuticura soap.
RUNNING BEFORE THE SOUTHEASTER.
The British ships King David and Norma both left here for Portland last Monday. During all of
Monday night and yesterday they must have got the full benefit of the storm. Last year the King David went
out in a southeaster and was driven so far north that it took Captain Jones seven weeks to beat back again.
He knows better this time and will keep south of the Columbia River, no matter what happens.
while the Herald anchored under the lee I
of Angel Island.
Over in Oakland Creek the British ships
Afon Alaw and Flintshire had a lively j
time. Captains Thomas and Jones were |
congratulating themselves upon their ;
safety from wind and weather, when a I
heavy south-southwest squall struck both
vessels and ten minutes later they
brought up ln the mud on the Alameda
side. The Afon Alaw took up a position
on one side of the American ship Indi
ana and the Flintshire on the other al
most as quickly as It takes to tell the
story. All three vessels are almost touch
ing each other and yet no damage was
done. The steamer Roanoke was driven
out of her place of refuge in the mud on
the Oakland side and is now anchored in
mud channel. 77«7
During the afternoon the steamer Co- \
lumbia came in from Portland and while ■
trying to dock at Spear street parted
two of her hawsers. After an hour of |
hard work Captain Green Anally got her
moored to the wharf. -'• 7
The river steamer City of Dawson, that
was built for the Yukon trade, but has
been in the hands of the Sheriff for .
months, broke loose from the Second
street slip and did herself considerable
damage. She got into such a position |
that tugs could not get to her, so she
had to stand the battering until the storm ,
went down.
Work of the Storm.
i Superintendent of Streets Fragley has
received a flood of complaints since the
storm commenced of streets and sewers
that need the immediate attention of his
men. The southern portion of the city
suffered particularly, as the southeast
wind backed the water up into the Bran
nan street and other sewers.
A large force of men is at work repair
ing the ravages of the storm. The chief
trouble has been caused by cesspools that
should have been thoroughly cleaned be
fore the winter set in and which choked
up rapidly when the rain came. Mr.
Fragley has taken hold of the matter in
an energetic manner and promises to have
the trouble done away with as soon as j
possible. ,^____^_______
DISMISSAL ENDS
A SPICY ROMANCE
WILLIAM H. ALLEN FAILED
TO APPEAR.
His Suit Against Mary Jane Ryer for
Breach of Promise Thrown
Out of Court by Judge
Troutt.
i Th© suit Instituted by William
Henry Allen in which he sought to re-
I cover $25,000 damages from Mary Jane
j Ryer for alleged breach of promise was
suddenly terminated by Judge Troutt yes
terday, who ordered that a decree of dis
missal be entered in the action. The case
was called In the morning by Judge
Troutt, but investigation proved that the
plaintiff was not present. Neither was
he represented by counsel, and on motion
:of M. M. Estee, who represented Mrs.
Ryer, the suit was ordered dismissed.
The suit promised spicy developments,
but through the change of heart on the
part of the plaintiff the matter has been
throttled without a hearing. Allen rep
; resented that he was a retired lawyer of
wealth. He became engaged to marry
the defendant in June, 15.4, he averred,
and subsequently presented her with prop
erty valued at over $1*5.000. Notwithstand
; ing this evidence of devotion on his part
Mrs. Ryer declined to keep her promise.
! he alleged, which caused him anguish
equal to the amount sued for. Mrs. Ryer's
answer outlined an interesting defense.
He represented that he was a retired
■ lawyer, she alleged, and was possessed of
property worth $250,000. He asked to be
allowed to take charge of her business,
and not long after begged her to be
come his bride. He said he would see
' that she enjoyed a life of ease and lux
ury, she further set forth, and he fur
i nished her with a list of property he
j claimed to own. He also presented her
: with a deed to real estate and mining
stock valued, he said, in excess of $16,000.
She admitted that for a time she was in
! love with Allen, and In aduitlon to prom
ising him that she would become his wife
admitted him to her home as a boarder
! and lodger. His failure to pay his bills
I started her investigating nts tales of
| wealth, and she found they were mythi
! cal. The property he gave her was with
i out value, states Mrs. Ryer, and instead
I of being rich Allen was on the ragged
' edge of poverty.
In March of 1895 Mrs. Ryer repudiated
! her promise and sent her dlsapolated
' suitor from her. Then followed Allen's
I suit, and yesterday, after years of delay,
it was ordered dismissed.
Doolan-Fragley Contest.
Up to date no evidence of fraud in the
Doolan-Fragley election contest has been
discovered. Yesterday the last of the
ballots cast in the Twenty-eighth and
Twenty-ninth districts had been counted,
and Doolan had gained nine votes. When
the recount closed Friday night Doolan
had gained twelve -votes, but through
losses- and gains and Improperly marked
ballots Fragley picked up a few votes and
Doolan was but nine in the lead at the
close of the count. It is the present in
tention of Doolan to have the entire 303
precincts recanvassed, a process which
will take at least two weeks. Although
no fraud has been proved up to date.
Doolan is not yet discouraged, and looks
for glaring evidences of fraud in the
Thirty-fifth District.
Patrol "Wagon Drivers.
The new patrol wagon drivers were
sworn in by Chief Lees yesterday after
noon and were assigned as follows: Louis
Holts and George Madden, Central police
station: Henry Peterson and Henry Ja
cobs, ambulance; David Sullivan and C.
Hippler. Southern police station: James
Barry and Andrew Trautvetter, North
End station: John Daly and Vincent Bar
breto. California-street station: Henry
Beasley and George Cashel, Seventeenth
street station, and Michael Kavanaugh,
O'Farrell-street station. There is a driver
yet to be assigned to the O'Farrell-street
station. .;,•:.
Lurline Salt Water Bath»,
Rush end Larkin sts. Swimming. Russian, hot
aad cold tub l._t__. Saltwater direct trom ocean.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANU ART 11, 1899.
THE McCULLOCH
DRIVEN OUT OF
NAGASAKI BAY
She Ran Afoul of an
Authoritative Jap.
HE WAS SOON CALLED DOWN
INTERESTING VOYAGE OF THE
LITTLE DISPATCH BOAT.
In Port With' Some Relics of the War,
a Present From Admiral Dewey,
and a Crew of Sea- Weary
Jackies.
After doing valuable and effective serv
ice with Admiral Dewey's fleet at Manila,
the dispatch boat McCulloch arrived in
this port yesterday afternoon and an
chored in the bay. where she will lie
awaiting further orders from Washing
ton. It is probable that from here she
will proceed to Mare Island, as she needs
a thorough overhauling.
Her voyage from Manila was a long and
interesting one, as she had Instructions
from the admiral to stop at every Chi
nese port and show the American flag,
just to let the Celestials know that Spain
had not wiped it off the face of the wa
ters. The vessel and crew were treated
with regulation military courtesy at
every point with the exception of Naga
saki. It is said that when a Japanese
gets any authority he is not slow to show
It, and when the little lead-colored boat
arrived in Nagasaki harbor her com
mander was informed that he might stay
there twenty-four hours and no longer,
as the Japanese Government could not
shelter the vessel of a nation which was
at war. A protest was filed, but the Mc-
Culloch left the harbor before an answer
to .it was received from Yokohama. It
was afterward learned that the answer
was to the effect that the dispatch boat
might stay in the harbor as long as it
chose.
After leaving Nagasaki she touched at
Kobe and Yokohama, where she took on
sufficient coal to bring her to Honolulu.
The trip from Yokohama to Honolulu
was made in fourteen days. Christmas
day was spent at sea, and the vessel ar
rived at Honolulu on the 29th. The men
were given shore leave and had a com
bination Christmas and New Year's cele
bration at Honolulu. On January 1 she
again. put to sea. Fair weather was en
countered until Monday night. It was
expected that she would be able to sight
the Farallones Monday night, but the
weather was so stormy she was obliged
to beat around until daylight.
The McCulloch carries with her two 37
--millimeter revolving guns taken from the
Maria Christina. They are mounted on
either side of the poop, and are ready for
business. One of them bears a scar of
battle on tne handle, where it was evi
dently struck by an American bullet.
On the forward deck Is another captured
gun, but this is more valuable as a relic
than an engine of war. It is an old six-
Inch smooth-bore bronze cannon, made in
1865. It was found in front of the Spanish
commander's house on Corregidor Island,
and was in the possession of a party of
Filipinos. When the officers of the Mc
culloch demanded the gun the natives
asked if they had aguinaldo's authority
to take It. "We recognize no authority
but Admiral Dewey'*." was the response,
and the pun was handed over without fur
ther parley. Admiral Dewey now sends
the gun, with his compliments, to the
Maine memorial fund, to be sold or dis
posed of In some manner to keep green
the memory of the heroes of the 111-fated
warship.
The McCulloch also has a silk "home-
ward bound" flag, which was purchased
by the crew at a cost of $175. This will be
presented to the local authorities to be
raised In Golden Gate Park or some other
suitable place. The officers purchased a
"homeward bound" pennant, *200 feet long,
but have not decided what disposition to
make of it.
Just one year ago to-day the McCulloch
left Norfolk on a friendly cruise. Since
that time sne has stopped at a number of
foreign ports, has taken part in a war
and covered herself and crew with honors
and Is now ready for a rest. Her officers
are: Captain Hooner, commander: First
Lieutenant D. P. Foley, executive officer;
Second Lieutenant "W. \V. Joynes, navi
gator: Third Lieutenants Randolph Ridg
ley, W. E. Atlee an.! John Moll; . Chief
Engineer Chalker. First Assistants Mey
ers and McCoun, Second Assistant Scho
enburn, Surgeon Joseph E. Grc?en. She
carries sixty-three men and eleven offi
cers. She lost by death one of her officers.
Chief Engineer Randall, who died of apo
plexy just after the "battle of Manila.
BATTERED BY HIS EMPLOYEE.
Antonio Donato, a Laborer, in a Crit
ical Condition From a Beating.
It "was reported to the police yesterday
morning that Antonio Donato, a laborer
living at 1 San Antonio street, was in a
critical condition from | the effects of a
beating he received Monday morning from
his employer, James O'Nell, & contractor
engaged in making repairs to St. Luke's
Church, Clay street and Van Ness avenue.
The fact was reported to Justice of the
Peace Barry, who was acting for Judge
Conlan, and he increased O'Neil's bonds
to $500.
Donato had been employed by O'Nell as
a laborer, and Monday morning he called
upon O'Nell at the church to ask for his
wages. O'Nell Instead of paying him his
wages, gave him an unmerciful beating.
Donato was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital and later to his home. It Is sup
posed that besides being battered on the
face he must have been kicked, as he
complains of Internal Injuries.
A warrant was sworn out for O'Nell's
arrest Monday on the charge. of battery,
but he has not yet been found. The po
lice are making an active search for him,
and when arrested his bonds will be made
still higher until the result of Donato's In
juries shall be known.
THE 1901 EXPOSITION.
Supervisors Will Hold a Special
Meeting to Hear Those Who
Favor the Big Show.
A special meeting of the Board of Su
pervisors will be held to-night ln the new
City Hall, when they will hear the pro
moters of the proposed exposition in this
city on what they think the Supervisors
should do to advance the project.
The meeting has been called for half
past 7. J. B. Reinsteln. the attorney, will
represent the committee having in charge
the preliminary work on the exposition.
If the board will take favorable action In
the matter the Legislature will be asked*
to appropriate $200,00") and Congress will
also be asked to aid the great undertak
ing. ,
The scope of the proposed exposition
ls broad, the intention being to Interest
the whole world. The exposition will
show the products of all the new posses
sions of the United States, ln addition to
those of the Pacific Coast and the Islands
of the South Pacific. The meeting to
night will be open to the public.
NO OFFICE BUILDING
FOR THE UNIVERSITY
BOARD OF REGENTS TRANSACT
ROUTINE BUSINESS.
Requests for Appropriations hy the
Legislature to Be Made — Ac
tion on the Conduct of
Wilmerding School.
At the meeting of the Board of Regents
of the Berkeley university yesterday af
ternoon in the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art it was decided not to ask the Legis
lature for an appropriation of $100,000 for
an administration building on the. uni
versity grounds. This proposition was
incorporated in the report of the commit
tee on legislative action, but the recom
mendation was not concurred in by a
vote of five to four. Those In favor of
the erection of such a building were Re
gents Denicke, Budd, Foote and Halladie.
The noes were Regents Kellogg, Hough
ton, Reinstein, Slack and Chairman
Phelps.
The rest of the report was adopted and
provides for the following appropriations:
Addition to the chemical laboratory,
$5000; students' observatory, $1500; gym
nasium, $2000; auditorium, $20,000; bridges
on the university grounds. $2000; Improve
ment of Oxford street, $6000; water supply
system, $20,000; reimbursement for agri
cultural department building, $12,020; for
estry stations for two years, $st«jo; vitl
cultural stations for two years, $5000; vet
erinarian, two years, $5000; dairy in
structor, two years, $5000; farmers' in
stitute two years, $10,000; Improvement of
surroundings and grounds of the Affili
ated Colleges. $22,000.
The board decided to loan Ann S. Ha
ger the sum of $25,000 on property at the
corner of Powell and Sutter streets. The
sum of $210 was appropriated for neces
sary repairs to the Johnson building.
The regents passed a vote of thanks to
Mrs. Hannah Well and children of San
Luis Obispo, for a donation to the univer
sity of thirty-six valuable /tebrew books.
The exchange of duplicates for certain
books not possessed by the institution
and for Mexican documents of historical
value was approved. "
The act providing for the Insuring of
income-producing property now owned
by the university was referred to Re
gents Reinstein and Slack for revision.
Everett Schwartz, director of the Wil
merding School, submitted a report mak
ing suggestion? for . the. conduct of
the school, and a committee consisting of
Regents Phelan, Phelps and Denicke was
appointed to consider the subject and
take the necessary measures for its pro
per administration. •
The report of the finance committee
showed that in IS9S the sum of $258,817 61
was expended In salaries for 189 attaches,
an average of $1369 40. The number of
students was 1665. and the cost per stu
dent for salaries $155 44.
The current expenses other than sal
aries for the year were $67,384 76: con
struction and equipment. $90,642 18, the
cost per student being $250.35.
A Chinese Baid.
Inspectors Lynch and Gardiner yester
day arrested, sixteen Chinese actors who
were returning to this city from Fresno.
The arrest was made on the Oakland
boat which arrives at the ferry landing
at a quarter before 9a. m. The Chinese
failed to show any papers and they have
been held for examination on a 'charge
of being, unlawfully in the country. ' A
short time afterward Inspectors Flesh
and Tippetts raided the Chinese Theater
and captured eight actors. The prison
ers claimed ; that they came from the
Omaha Exposition and to have papers
showing that fact. If they produce the
promised papers they will be released, be
cause the Secretary of the Treasury has
given all the Chinese exhibitors at Omaha
until the end of this month to go home to
China. '-'.•!'. -:>-V*;:**'*
The Federal Investigation.
Special Agents Linck and . Smith pro
ceeded yesterday with the examination of
witnesses in the matter of the charges of
Immorality preferred , against Special
Agent Moore. Three witnesses were ex
amined. The case will be resumed this
morning. It is generally conceded that
Moore will be convicted, and it Is be
lieved that he will be transferred to fresh
fields and typewriters new.
■ * ■
Steel-Die Engraving.
; The greatest care is given to. the en
graving and stamping of flne stationery
■with monograms 'fend crests by Cooper &
Co., the art atatlonera, 746 Market afreet.*"
SAYS HE WILL
SLAP MAYOR
PHELAN'S FACE
Charles L. Taylor Is
Fighting Mad.
WAS CALLED "INCOMPETENT"
■
:.- - "V-.y ' - -
QUARRELED WITH CHARLES G.
HOOKER, THE CAPITALIST.
Th* Two Elderly Gentlemen Pre
vented by Mutual Friends From
Having a Set-to Over the
Mayor's Remarks.
Captain Charles L. Taylor, ex-Supervi
sor, president of the Sun Insurance Com
pany and gas and water Inspector of the
city and county of San Francisco, had
his war paint on yesterday. He was
more than angry with Mayor Phelan and
vowed that when he met that gentle-man
he would leave the print of Aye Angers
on his face. The Mayor has publicly
stated that, as a gas and water inspector,
Taylor is incompetent, and Taylor pro
poses to make him take it all back or
else swallow his words.
Taylor was angry, there ls no doubt
atfout that. In fact, he was so mad that
he got into an altercation on the floor of
the exchange with Charles G. Hooker, the
capitalist, and had it not been for the
bystanders the two would have come to
blows. As It was a set-to was only
averted by some of Hooker's friends per
suading him to leave the building.
The trouble began In this way: Taylor
was giving his opinion of the Mayor to a
group of merchants, when Hooker saun
tered up. "Phelan is a little sneak," said
the angry captain. "He dare not say
before my face what he has said behind j
my back. If he dared to do so I'd slap |
his face." •
"Oh, come now, come now," interposed ;
Hooker; "you wouldn't do that, you know.
Why, man alive, you're too old." »
"Am I. indeed?" bridled up Taylor.
"Well, I tell you I'm not too old to chas
tise a man like that. I'll make him say
I am competent or I'll make him swallow
the word Incompetent." ;,■'•*:-.
"To tell you the truth," said Hooker,
after a moment's pause, "I'm not just
sure that you are competent to fill that
place."
"What!" roared the now thoroughly
roused insurance man. "You dare to say
that? Just come outside and repeat it j
and I'll soon show you whether I'm too
old to fight or not. Why, in spite of your
?ray hairs, I've a good mind to slap your
ace now. Me Incompetent? I'll teach I
you." Wlth..that he made a dive at Capi- i
talist Hooker and the latter backed away, j
while Captain Bruce and two or three j
others got between.
Things quieted down a little and then |
Hooker walked up to Taylor with his um
brella on guard and poking playfully, at
the angry skipper said, "You wouldn't !
fight, would you?" ■ With a roar Taylor i
made a grab at the umbrella and then j
threw himself upon Hooker. Friends |
rushed in again and separated the two j
and then persuaded Hooker to leave the |
building. Taylor left a few minutes later,
reiterating his determination to chastise j
Mayor Phelan.
FLYNN MAY ESCAPE
TRIAL FOR MURDER
NO ONE WILL SWEAR TO A
COMPLAINT.
His Attorney Asks For a Dismissal
of the Case, But the Judge
Continues It Till To-Day.
< •
There Is a possibility that John Flynn.
saloon keeper, charged with the murder
of James Gallagher in Sullivan & Rag
gett's saloon, 113 O'Farrell street, early
New Year's morning, may not be tried for
the crime.
When the case was called yesterday
afternoon for preliminary examination -
before Judge Graham the prosecution had
to admit that no complaint had been
sworn to charging the defendant with the
murder. None of the deceased's relatives
would swear to the complaint, neither j
would any of those who were supposed
to be present at the time of the shoot
ing.
Prosecuting Attorney Wentworth asked
for a continuance for a day, till he had
an opportunity of consulting with De
tectives Dillon and Cody, the officers in
the case, but any furtner continuance was
strenuously opposed by Attorney J. N. E.
Wilson on behalf of the defendant. He
argued that ' a most rigid investigation
had been made by the Coroner and not
a scintilla of evidence had been adduced j
to connect the defendant with the crime, j
and no one could be found by the pollc% j
to swear to a complaint.
The Judge thought he could examine i
the witness and If he found there was !
reasonable cause to believe that the de
fendant committed the crime he could
order some one to swear to the complaint.
Wilson differed from him and said the
preliminary examination could not go on
unless a complaint had been sworn to and
the defendant had been arraigned. The ]
Judge stuck to his opinion, but in de- \
ference to the prosecuting attorney con
tinued the case till this morning at 11
o'clock.
■ ♦ »
Six Months for a Tough.
William Kelly, a young man who Is a
professional beggar, was sent to the
County Jail for six months by Judge Mo
gan yesterday on a charge of battery.
On January 8 Harry Weasels, a barber at
239. California street, was walking along I
Third street, when Kelly asked him mr
50 cents. Wessels gave him 25 cents to get
rid of him, when he struck Wessels on
the face and used the most insulting lan
guage to Wessels and the lady who was
with him. * ..'-" ": '"*
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Mgr.
LAST TIMES OF
OUR HOLIDAY SPECTACLE, .
THE YELLOW DWARF.
THE SUCCESS OF SUCCESSSES.
BRING THE CHILDREN.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
NEXT WEEK NEXT WEEK
The. Eastern operatic success
THE IA/EDDING DrtY.
Reappearance of the Favorite Contralto,
MISS BERNICE HOLMES.
Popular Prices....- 25c and 50c
N. B.— A Reserved Seat tor the Matinee 25c
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
Secure Your Seats In Advance.
» _T>^ # _T>- INGLESIDE
M m K^mfJ m*W m TRACK.
"The grandest racing plant ln America."—
Chicago Chronicle, v'y ..
FIVE OR MORE
RACES DAILY!
tt"F*n i V^<inAY "** THE PRESIDIO stakes.
nLlfl'tjUAl three-year-olds, mile and _
. furlong, sixteen entries. '
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and
1:15 p. m. Round trip tickets, 25 cents.
Electrio cars on Mission and Kearny streets
every three minutes.
ADMISSION— ONE DOLLAR.
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
. F. H. GREEN, Secretary. 
ADVERTISEMENTS. ..-.-.-.-■>
oT_rwrl~makes
H7l^ AIT ITITi\\IY*XTC
WEAK KIDNEYS.
T T i-. fill 1111/1 1 LUt
Unhealthy Kidneys Make Impure Blood.
'vl^y. ■
YOUR KIDNEYS ARE YOUR BLOOD FILTERS
A Prompt Way to Cure Yourself When Symptoms Show That You?
Kidneys Are Out of Order.
To Test the Wonderful Merits of the Great Modern Discovery,
Swamp-Root, Every "Call" Reader May Have a Sample Bottle
Sent Free by Mail.
The way to be well is to pay atten-
tion to your kidneys.
They are the most Important organs
of the body the blood filters.
All the blood in your body passes
through your kidneys once every three
minutes.
The kidneys strain or filter out the
impurities in the blood— is their
work.
Purifying your blood is not a question
of taking a laxative or physic.
Does your blood run through your
bowels?
What the bowel-cleaner does ls to
throw out the poisons confined in your
bowels ready for absorption into your
blood, but the poisons which are
already in your blood, causing your
present sickness, it leaves there.
There is no other way of purifying
your blood except by means of your
kidneys.
That is why bowel-cleaners fail to do
their work— they forget the kidneys.
When you are sick, then, no matter
what you think the name of your dis-
ease is, the first thing you should do is
to afford aid to your kidneys by using
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great
Kidney Remedy.
In taking Swamp-Root you afford
natural help to nature, for Swamp-
Root Is the most perfect healer and
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST 5 MATINEE SATURDAY.
WILUE COLLIER
In the Comedy Triumph,
THE MAN FROM MEXICO.
EXTRA-Next Monday.
FRANK DANIELS'
COMIC OPERA COMPANY
In the great success
"THE IDOL'S EYE."
Production complete in every detail.
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
(Mfomia ff i
A POSITIVE SUCCESS 1
EDWIN MAYO
AND A SPLENDID COMPANY
In Frank Mayo's dramatization of
Mark Twain's
"PUDD'NHEAD
WILSON.
MONDAY The original "YON YONSON."
MOROSCO'S GRANDS
V alter ilokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager
LAST WEEK OF THE SEASON.
LAST WEEK! LAST WEEK!
HI HENRY'S
— -BIG
MINSTRET
XIX AGGREGATION. J-*a
60— ALL-WHITE PERFORMERS—
CROWDED HOUSE NIGHTLY.
ENTIRE CHANGE OF PROGRAMME.
EVERYTHING NEW.
SUNDAY EVENING NEXT— LAST OF THE
SEASON. -
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 25c. 50c
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
...OLYMPIA...
Fddy St.. Cor. Mason.
Only Free Theater on the Coast playing Eastern
Artists. _
* S—NEW EASTERN STAfS -5
THE 3 DE BOLIEN BROS.
Acrobats Supreme.
MARIE WOOD
Soprano.
DRUMMOND SISTERS
Acrobatic Dancers.
A-a-UDE GAGE
Unique Whistler.
Continued Success of the New York Favorite.
..QUERITA VINCENT..
New Songs and Dances.
AND TEN NOVEL ACTS.
MATINEE SUNDA!*— ADMISSION FREE.
lA/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIO AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 93L
Residence, 821 California at.. beloT Powell.
Ban Francisco. ..-r.;.^ ■.:-./
I gentle aid to the kidneys that is known
i to medical science.
Dr. Kilmer, the eminent physician
and specialist, has attained a far-
famed reputation through the discov-
ery and marvelous success of Swamp-
! Root in purifying the blood, and there-
■ by curing chronic and dangerous dis-
eases, caused by sick kidneys, of which
some of the symptoms are given below.
Pain or dull ache in the back or head,
i rheumatism, neuralgia, nervousness,
dizziness, irregular heart, sleeplessness,
! sallow complexion, dropsy, irritability,
i loss of ambition, obliged to pass water
often during the day, and to get up
| many times at night, and all forms of
j kidney, bladder and uric acid troubles.
Swamp-Root is sold by all dealers,
in fifty-cent or one-dollar bottles.
To prove the wonderful merits of his
j great discovery he now offers to every
i reader of this paper a prepaid free
j sample bottle of Swamp-Root, which
| he will send to any address free by
mall.
A book about Health, Diet and Dis-
| ease as Related to your Kidneys also
! sent free with the sample bottle.
The great discovery, Swamp-Root, is
jso remarkably successful that our
! readers are advised to write for a sam-
i pie bottle, and to kindly mention San
Francisco Daily Call when sending
1 their addresses to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
I Blnghamton, N. Y.
AMUSEMENTS.
*^ta_)
MATINEE TO-DAY, WED.. JANUARY. XL
Parquet, any Seat. !sc; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part of house.
BARTON HILL AND CHARLES WILLARD.
Supported by Ella Sothern and Lucila Nunn.
In Milton Nobles' Farce, "BELINDA BAI-
LEY'S BOARDERS."
KRAUSE AND ROSA, and Their "Dutch
Pickaninnies."
VOULETTE AND CARLOS. Balancing Aero.
bats.
GEORGE EVANS, Monologue Artist.
PAPINTA! PAPINTA !
ANNA TERESA BERGER, DELTORILU
BROS. AND THE RAPPO SISTERS.
Seats now on sale for Children's Hospital
Benefit, Wednesday. January 18.
ORPHEUJV^-EXTRA.
San Francisco Symphony Society.
FRITZ SCHEEL ; Musical Director
THURSDAY AFTERNOON. JAN. 12, AT 1:15.
Programme Includes .-', ..% i 7'
WAGNER'S "FAUST" OVERTURE
SYMPHONY NO. 1 BEETHOVEN
Prices 73c. $1 and $150
Seats now on Sale at Orpheum.
ALCAZAR SSrSZ
Tft-NinHT A ND DURING
I\J I*lllllll ENTIRE WEEK,
AUGUSTUS D/\_-->("S
Brilliant Comedy Success.
THE
nr
mi i ii ___* ii ii
MAGISTRATE
Delightfully presented, with perfect stags ap-
pointments.
iVo. PRICES §*£
Next Week— "A TEMPERANCE
TOWN."
COMEDY THEATER. V
Formerly the Popular Bush.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
A GREAT BIG SUCCESS.
As Immortal as the Declaration of Independ-
- =*-• ■ ence!
THE JOHN F. STOWE BIG SPECTACULAR
PRODUCTION OF
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN.
The Only Legitimate Organization Now Prop-
erly Presenting This Ideal American Drama.
20 COLORED W PEOPLE 20 WHITE.
A GREAT COMPANY.
A GREAT CAST.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— lsc, 25c. 35c. 50c.
Matinees — 15c and 25c.
Seats on Sale Box Office and Emporium.
January 16— New Musical Comedy. "TWO
MARRIED MEN." _. ■_
"~ _ AND BESOBTS.
~£herman~& cl ay~^ulllT
TUESDAY EVENING. January 17— Matinee*
Wednesday and Saturday, January IS and 21.
HELMONT. Violinist; IDA SIMMONS. - Plan- ..
lste: GRACE PRESTON. Contralto. Prices, IX
and 50c. Seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO IL
EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORSES.
78
AGUINALDO HOLDS
A CONFERENCE WITH
THE AMERICANS
■
The Present Situation Due to the Failure
of This Country to Inaugurate
a Firm Policy.
MANILA (via Hongkong), Jan. io. — The situation at
Iloilo is unchanged. The American troops have not yet
landed, and the natives, under Aguinaldo's orders, still re
fuse to allow them to go ashore and continue to express
their determination to burn the town if the force is landed.
Aguinaldo has issued a pronunciamento protesting
against every clause in General Otis' proclamation. He de
nies that Otis has any claim to the title of Captain General
of the Philippine Islands. He further declares that the
Americans came to grant freedom to the Filipinos, not to es
tablish themselves as masters of the archipelago. He > then
calls upon all natives to unite to defend their liberty.
The attitude of the natives is very hostile. They demand
complete independence and declare that they will fight
rather than concede one point.
The present situation is lamentable, and is due to the
procrastination of the Americans in declaring a firm policy.
If the Americans demand that Aguinaldo's troops be re
moved from the vicinity of Manila hostilities will probably
result. i
The rebels are still in the trenches about the city, which
they held for so long against the Spaniards, and from a part
of which they were displaced by General Greene when the
American advance upon Manila was made.
SENATOR MASON OF ILLINOIS,
THE CHAMPION OF LIBERTY
, ' WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— Senator
Mason of Illinois occupied the attention
of the Senate for nearly an hour and a
half to-day with a speech in support of
his resolution declaring that the United
States would never attempt to govern
J the people of any country without their
1 consent. In many respects the speech
was one of the most notable utterances
in the Senate thus far this session.
Hugged in language, pointed and effect
ive in illustration, Mr. Mason com
manded the attention of the Senate and
.galleries from the first sentence of his
speech to the apostrophe to liberty
which formed his peroration. Several
; times shouts of applause swept the gal
leries, but under the stringent rules of
'the Senate it was quelled quickly. He
began:
It is easy to drift with the tide, but
it Is cot always safe. The simple reso
lution I have introduced has nothing
necessarily to do with any treaty, nor
'do I Intend to speak of any proposed
• treaty.
The resolution does not involve a ques
tion of law, but it is a question as to the
future policy of the republic. I am will
ing to trust the people, and I want the
people to hear both sides of the case be
fore the verdict is rendered. Do you say
I am speaking for the Filipinos? Yes;
one word for them and two for ourselves.
The Filipino is beginning to treat with us
as to his own land. He acknowledges
our gallant services: there is no honest
commercial treaty that an honest nation
could claim that they are not willing to
consent to. They want liberty as we
lid. and when 70.000.000 people have heard
their cry for mercy and independence the
father in New England will plead for the
father in Manila, the mother in Illinois
will pray for the poor mother in the isl
ands of the sea.
That we have so far assisted the Fili
pinos and are entitled to fair treatment
from them is true, but that taking pos
session in stress of war of a part of the
islands and driving the Spaniards out has
placed certain responsibilities upon us
cannot be denied. But I contend that
there is no more right or necessity of
governing the Philippines than there is
of our governing Venezuela, Brazil, Nic
aragua or any other South American
state, without the consent of the people.
Referring to the statement that the
Americans intended to give the Fili
pinos liberty, Senator Mason said:
How is liberty to be established? Is it
to be done hypodermlcally with a 13-inch
gun? Are not our men and ships lying
off Iloilo? Did not the natives who have
been our allies drive the Spaniards out?
Are they not in possession of their own
land? Their own homes? Are they guilty
of any crime except love of home and
country? Having worn the Spanish yoke
so long do you wonder at their fear of
ours? Shall we shoot them and burn their
homes because God Almighty has planted
in their hearts and to their lips the sweet
song of liberty? Forbid it. Almighty God.
' Gentlemen, you may say I belittle our
own institutions. Oh, no. ' I simply call
attention to the beam in our own eye to
• prevent, if possible, our breaking our
neck trying to find the mote in the eye
of the Filipinos, 10,000 miles away.
Mr. Mason occupied the attention of
the Senate an hour and twenty min
utes. His keen sallies and unconven
tional but forceful style of oratory held
the attention of his hearers throughout.
.. At the conclusion of Mr. Mason's
speech he was accorded the unusual
compliment in the Senate of cordial
congratulations from many of his col
leagues and members of the House of
Representatives who had heard the
speech. Mr. Kyle of South Dakota se
cured the passage of a bill for the con
struction of a bridge across the Mis
souri River at Oacoma, S. D.
At the request of Mr. Morgan the
Senate unanimously agreed to the limi
tation of the debate on the Nicaragua
canal bill to fifteen minute speeches
after 3 o'clock next Tuesday.
Mr. Turpie was then recognized to
speak on the Nicaragua canal bill. He
announced himself as an advocate of
a canal but said that he was opposed to
the pending bill." He based his objec
tions* largely upon- the fact that the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty was in full force
at the present time.
At the conclusion of Mr. Turley's
speech a bill was passed directing the
i President to appoint Paymaster Gen
eral H. T. Stanton a major general and
"retire him at that grade.
The Senate then, at 4 o'clock, on mo
"tlon of Mr. Morgan, went into executive
session. At 4:15 adjourned.
'
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
MUST NOW EXPLAIN
■
Special Cable to The Tall and the New Tork
• , Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
ROME, Jan. 10.— Archbishop Ireland's
visit to Rome is not on the subject of
•the book on Father Hecker or religious
corporations in Cuba and the Philip
pines. He is coming here to explain his
conduct before and during the war.
The influence which he alleged he
SENATOR WILLIAM MASON.
had with President McKinley induced
the Vatican to make advances which,
to the great displeasure of the Pope,
proved unsuccessful.
DRAW A CORDON
ABOUT THE ISLANDS
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— There is
some reason to believe that the present
situation in the Philippines may be
protracted longer than would be nat
urally expected. The question has
arisen here as to the exact purpose to
be served in attempting to seize Iloilo.
Originally it was intended to release
the Spanish force there besieged, but j
by their evacuation of the place they
have removed that incentive, and were
it not for the false encouragement it
would give the insurgents there is no j
doubt the United States troops would
not be moved against Iloilo. Meanwhile I
the navy is expected to draw a cordon I
around the island of Panay and also
Luzon, should it be deemed necessary
to do so, to prevent the further supply
of arms and munitions of war to the
Insurgents.
PLATT TO ANSWER
SENATOR HOAR
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— bitter J
personal attack made by Senator Hoar j
of Massachusetts. on Senator Piatt of |
Connecticut yesterday in his speech,
against expansion made a stir in politi- .
cal circles. Piatt stated yesterday that
he would reply to Mr. Hoar's personal
attack upon himself. He will be re
quested not to do so, at any rate, until
after the vote on the ratification of the
"treaty has been secured. It is under
stood that the programme of the sup
, porters of the President ls to stop talk
ing after a few set speeches are made :
and press forward for a vote. This
course was pursued after a certain
stage had been reached in the debate
on Hawaiian annexation last summer, j
FILIPINO COMMITTEE
ACCUSES WILDMAN
HONGKONG, Jan. 10— Filipino
committee has broken off all relations
with United States Consul Wildman,
The committee to-day Issued a writ In
the Supreme Court to recover the sura
of $47,000, which the Filipinos claim was
deposited with Mr. Wildman as treas
urer of the Filipino. independence fund
In June last. The members of the com
mittee further allege that sensational
disclosures are probable, showing, thej
add, that the American Government
recognized, the Filipinos as belligerents
by affording them assistance in arms
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1899.
LONDON, Jan. n.—
The Manila correspondent
of the Morning Post says:
There was an imposing con
ference last evening be-
tween the duly authorized
American and Filipino
committees, at the instance
of Aguinaldo. The latter
appointed General Flores,
Colonel Aquilles and Senor
Torres. Major General
Otis appointed General
Hughes, Colonel Smith of
the California Regiment
and Judge Advocate Crow
der. General Otis said the
purpose of the conference
was a mutual understand-
ing of the policies, aims and
desires of the people of the
United States and of the
Philippines. There was a
frank discussion, but no
conclusion.
and moral influence to co-operate
against Spain, thus Indorsing the
agreement made with Aguinaldo at
Singapore in April.
Brass Band for Guam.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— The Navy De
partment has decided to allow the naval
station at Guam a full brass band, and
the equipment bureau has been author
ized to procure the instruments and ship
them on the Yosemite when she starts
for the island.
QUAY BEATEN IN
THE SUPREME COURT
The Senator's Application for a Writ
of Certiorari is Dis
missed.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 10.— The Su
preme Court to-day, in an opinion
handed down by Chief Justice Sterrett.
dismissed, the application from the
Quay conspiracy case for a writ of
certiorari and placed the costs on the
petitioners. The petition of the de
fendants, United States Senator M. S.
Quay, R. R. Quay and Benjamin F.
Haywood, averred that on account of
political prejudice they were of the be
lief that they could not obtain a fair
and impartial trial in the Philadelphia
Court of Quarter Sessions, where the
suit against them was instituted.
There was no dissenting opinion. The
charge against the defendants is that
of conspiracy with John S. Hopkins,
the cashier of the People's Bank, who
committed suicide in March of last
year, in the use of State funds on de
posit, in that bank. 7 7
The court in its opinion holds that it
has no authority to review the action
of the court below on the demurrers
and the motion to quash.- The court
says the only other contention of the
petitioners that requires notice is that
they cannot have a fair and impartial
trial in the Court of Quarter Sessions
of Philadelphia County, where the in
dictments are still pending on issues of
fact raised by the defendants' pleas of
"not guilty." * VV'.V
"Without further reference to other
features of the case, our conclusion is
that there appears to be no sufficient
reason to justify the issuance of a cer
tiorari. The rule to show cause is
therefore discharged and the petition is
dismissed at the cost of the petition
ers."
♦
Patents for Californians.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.— California
patents were granted to-day as follows:
'Arthur W. Coffin, San Francisco, seal lock:
Wilson R. Kills, Woodland, egg beater: Benja
min Holt. Stockton, grain separator; Augustus
Howard, San Francisco, assignor •to W. 8.
Green, screw propeller, .valve gear for engines,
motive engine and direct conversion of energy
of fuel and. an expansion medium into power;
George Huff, Tropico, street railway curve
sweeper and oiler; John G. McMillan, San Jose,
bridge and wharf floor construction; George T.
Parsley and G. C. Cottrell, Hornbrook, boring
and mortising machine; Lewis E. Porter, Los
Angeles, assignor to Porter Gold and Silver
Extraction Company of California, apparatus
for extracting precious metals from ores; Al
fred Hosenholz, San Francisco, rock drill Au
gustus E. Smith, Los Banos, music leaf turner;
Lewis Van Dorm, San Bernardino, punch and
shears; Alphonso V. Wilbur, Stockton, as
signor to H. C. Shaw, gang plow, rotary disk
harrow and gang plow.
MEN WILL SOON BE
LAYING THE RAILS
/
Southern Pacific Constructors Gather
ing at Ellwood to Close
the "Gap."
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. General
Manager of .Construction Bosqui of the
Southern Pacific Company arrived in
the city yesterday afternoon in a spe
cial car. Accompanying him were about
ten — surveyors, telegraph opera
tors and helpers. They immediately
took possession of the office and cars
waiting for them at the Southern Pa
cific freight depot since Saturday night.
Another car, the third, containing rail
road supplies, came in on the midnight
freight and these with the rest of the
supplies will be taken to Ellwood to
morrow.
This is the first installment of men
who will be set at work immediately to
close the much-talked-of "gap." The
party intended going to Ellwoud to-day,
but the severe rainstorm prevented.
The weather permitting they will go
to-morrow and headquarters will be
j opened at once at Ellwood.
The line between here and Ellwood,
I a distance of thirteen miles, will be
straightened, reballasted and relaid
with heavy rails and the entire branch
placed in the best possible condition,
for the heavy traffic that will go over
it when the coast line becomes the main
road between Los Angeles and San
Francisco. It is rumored that the dis
tance to Los Angeles will be shortened
fifteen or twenty miles and the Mo
jave desert and San Fernando avoided
by continuing the Oxnard branch to
Chatsworth Park or Santa Monica-
Edward Ivison, who has been in con
tinuous correspondence with H. E.
Huntington on railroad matters per
taining to the closing of the "gap,"
states that a direct line will be com
pleted within eight months.
EMIL G. LEVY NOW
SAN JOSE'S TREASURER
Appointment of the Young Business
Man Confirmed by the Coun
cil.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 10.— Emil G. Levy, a
prominent young business man, was
this afternoon named for City Treas
urer by Mayor Martin and the Council
at once confirmed the appointment.
This broke the deadlock that has exist
ed for nearly a week between the
Mayor and Council because of the lat
ter's refusal to confirm J. F. Colombet
for the office. The city treasury will
open in the morning and the city busi
ness will proceed. It has been closed
since J. N. Ewing's death on December
31.
The appointment of Levy came as a
surprise to the politicians. He has
been associated with his brother in the
clothing business and taken very little
interest in politics. Levy is well quali
fied and his appointment will give gen
eral satisfaction. In politics he is a
Democrat.
Last night the city was ln total dark
ness, and to-day belated citizens were
complaining bitterly of it. This eclipse
condition was brought about by a
shortage of finances, which caused the
city to reduce the number of lights.
The lighting companies refused to put
in bids the first of the year. Up to
last night the. Electric Improvement
Company had been lighting the city
free until the contract could be award
ed. The Council was dilatory in act
ing, and last night the company re
fused to light the city. It was thought
there would be darkness the rest of the
month, but to-day the Electric Im
provement Company offered to light the
city the rest of the month for $2"} a
night, which is just half of the old rate.
This was accepted and a vote of
thanks tendered the company.
CONGRESSMAN TOWER
EMBASSADOR TO RUSSIA
Addison C. Harris "Will Succeed Him
at the Court of Austria-
Hungary.
WASHINGTbN, Jan. 10.— The Presi
dent to-day sent these nominations to
the Senate:
Charlemagne Tower of Pennsylvania, '
now Minister to Austro-Hungary, to I
be Embassador to Russia.
Addison C. Harris of Indiana, to be •
Minister to Austria-Hungary.
James G. Monahan, Collector of In
ternal Revenue, Second District of "Wis
consin.
To be brigadier generals — Colonel
John B. Castleman, First Kentucky
Volunteer Infantry; Colonel Thomas H.
Barber, First New York "Volunteer In
fantry.
To be assistant adjutant general,
with rank of major — Captain Charles G. ;
Treat, assistant adjutant United States ,
Volunteers.
There are also a number of promo- !
tions and appointments in the volun- j
teer infantry. >. 7
YOUNG VANDERBILT
NOT YET EDUCATED
To Travel in Europe With a Tutor
Before His Marriage to Miss
Fair.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Jan. Wil- I
liam K. Vanderbilt Jr. will return to j
Harvard soon and remain for a short \
time to close up his affairs. He will :
then go back to New Tork for a month \
or more, when In April he will go to I
Europe in company, so it is said here, i
of a tutor. His education is not re- j
garded as finished and the period before ;
his marriage to Miss Fair will be im- \
proved by European travel and study. ;
These facts were given me to-night by ;
two New York students who know Mr.
Vanderbilt well and learned the news
from him while in New York during the
Christmas holidays.
NOT IN ANY HURRY
TO RETURN TO WORK
Cuban Leaders Desire to Learn of the
Exact Intentions of the
Americans.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, Jan. Although disap- I
pointed that no definite announcement |
is made of American intentions, the
Cubans remain quiet. Their policy ;
seems to be one of inactivity until the
future is cleared. Their armies will not i
disband, as the Cuban leaders are op- j
posed to any return to work until they j
know the exact intention of the men |
they, now look upon as Intruders. The |
Cuban chiefs are entering a vieorouii i
protest because the Americans are en- j
ticing Borne of their men from their
ranks by promises of employment.
"Warehouses Blown Down.
SUISUN, Jan. 10.— Two large ware
houses were blown down ln this vicinity
to-day by the storm. One was owned by
ex-Sheriff Rush and the other by John
Vest-
HARDLY POSSIBLE
TO AVOID A WAR
WITH FILIPINOS
Strong Men in the Administration
Believe There Has Already Been
Too Much Gentle Dealing.
Call Office, Riggs House, Washington, Jan. 10.
The Manila press dispatches printed in this morning's papers were suf
ficiently alarming to increase the apprehension already felt and to convince
many officials that, the hope of a peaceful settlement is a vain one.
OUTSIDE OF THE OFFICE OF THE ADJUTANT
GENERAL AT THE WAR DEPARTMENT IT IS
FELT THAT NOTHING CAN PREVENT A CON
FLICT, AND BY MANY IT IS FEARED THAT IT
WILL BE A MORE DESPERATE ONE THAN ANY
YET FOUGHT IN THE PHILIPPINES.
General Corbin, however, seems confident of his ability to cope with the
insurgents. ,
The Philippine situation was discussed at the Cabinet meeting to-day,
but there was an absence of any definite Information. Secretary Long com
municated the only fresh dispatch, which was a mortality report from Gen
eral Otis at Manila. It is said that no additional orders have been sent
from here to General Otis for delivery to General Miller. If General Otis
himself has given any orders different from those mentioned yesterday the
fact has not been made known.
It is said that a telegram was received from General Otis last night and
that he suggests the sending of a commission to study the situation In the
islands. The idea of a commission agrees with the President s views, but he
does not want to assume the responsibility for creating such a commission
while Congress is in session.
There was no suggestion to-day that General Miller will be instructed to
take more aggressive steps. The nearest to a suggestion is in the impa
tience exhibited by high officials. That General Miller will get such orders
if the Filipinos retain their position there is not the slightest doubt. Many
strong men in the administration urge that too much parleying will accom
plish little and that prompt action will have more effect throughout the
archipelago than protracted gentle dealing.
The President will probably receive considerable advice along this line.
Already he has been told that trouble cannot be avoided and that quick,
fast work will impress the Filipinos far more than a method of dealing to
tally unknown and not appreciated by them.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— Herald's Washington correspondent sends
the following: Naval officials are considering the advisability of dispatching
the cruisers Detroit, Marblehead and Montgomery to Manila, but will prob
ably first cable to Admiral Dewey and ascertain if the vessels already at
tached to his command are sufficient for his purposes. The vessels so far
ordered out include the gunboats Yorktown, Bennington, Princeton. Cas
tine and Helena, The Machias will be attached to his command as soon as
her repairs are completed. The gunboat Marietta may also go.
The Detroit class would be splendid vessels for service against the Fili
pinos having a draught of only fourteen feet seven inches and being well
equipped with rapid fire batteries. They will not be sent to the East, how
ever, unless Rear Admiral Dewey insists to the department that he needs
more vessels.
Significant attention is belne: uiven by the War Department to its trans
ports. At the request of Secretary Alger, Captain Charles O'Neil. chief of
the Bureau of Ordnance, has loaned two six-pounder rapid-fire guns to the
War Department, which will be placed on transports going to Manila.
These vessels will then be able to support any movement of the army.
Senator Mason's statement in the Senate to-day that he had Information
that instructions had been given Admiral Dewey and General Otis to notify
the insurgents at Iloilo that the city would be bombarded If not turned
over to the Americans in ten days is pronounced untrue at the War and
Navy Departments. Secretary Aleer said that no such instructions had
been issued, nor would they be until the administration was satisfied that
the Filipinos would not accept the friendship proffered by the United States.
MAY SELL I IQUOR
NEAR THE PRISON
Warden Hale Vainly Appeals to a
Grand Jury to Drive Saloons
From San Quentin.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 10.— The saloons
conducted at San Quentin without licenses
have proved such a thorn in the Bide of
Warden Hale that he has applied to the
Grand Jury for relief, but in vain. The
Warden has tried various methods of rid
ding* the town of what are alleged to be
nuisances of the worst description, but
in each attempt some technicality has
proved a baffling obstacle.
The law requires that no saloons be !
permitted within 200 yards of the gates of !
any State institution. Despite this two j
have existed at San Quentin, within a few
hundred yards of the gates, for several i
years. In his charges made to the Grand
Jury the Warden complained that In :
addition to the evils accompanying the
liquor traffic generally prisoners had been
known to visit these resorts and spend
every cent given them upon being re
leased from Incarceration, the result being
that the freed men become intoxicated :
and upon their arrival in this city were ,
placed in jail.
After due consideration of the complaint j
of the Warden the Grand Jury decided |
that as such cases were simply misde- :
meanors that body had no jurisdiction. |
Accordingly that official will have to ap- j
ply for relief in some other quarter.' His '
Intention now is to call the matter to the :
attention of Attorney General Ford.
The Grand Jury handed in its report
to-day. Many subjects are treated, the '
ADVERTISEMENTS. __
HEREISPOWERFORWEAKMEN
P" ff , No matter what doctors call your trouble, It Is
j/ff there because some organ Is weak— nature needs
/jf help. Give It to her, and there need not be a pain nor
(jj§&\ /^jr any sign of weakness in your body. Reason this out.
4_rM /JAP A lltt,e thlnk!n 2 on th,s I,ne may save you lotB of
|a^ jT money In doctor bills. You want new strength In your
li W (ff nerves, not drugs In your stomach. My Dr. Sanden
Wfir AW^BB-I Electric Belt does the work.
\^^^^Bk ELECTRICITY ™ '. 8 the great- vital'
l^^P|fe^^^^g JjjLJ-jlaKlUll power. It is the force
I'C-yra^^^P^ "I that makes men feel bright, youthful and ambitious.
c > : a7 , 1 i m^ ji f\\\s \| - give it to you from my Electric Belt, which ,s worn
l^^^^S ' A I while you sleep, and fills your system with its & or at-
lf^^^^^® /A m ing power. You wake up refreshed, and with confidence
■K^fiS /JSm^> H and courage. You feel like a man ' and you are
• "^o?^%^^ READ MY BOOK "Three Classes of
IC^^fKi ttJ!jAIJ M 1 DVXjrL Men." it Is free.
M V j^Stf it tells how strength Is restored, and gives hundreds of
(ril^TT_niufi I / letters from men who have been cured. I will send It,
a^^**^P^^ fe^ I / closely sealed, free, upon request. Call and see It If you
can " Consultation free, or write to
testimonial: DR. m. A. MCLAUGHLIN \ ■■■{
"The Belt received from you some time ago has 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, Bin T ranoiieo. " HOT IN DBUB BTOHBg. "
proved *_, Godsend to me. It has completely cured me • .„ _ _■ ' '
of weakness. lam as strong and well now as I ever Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m.; "Sundays, 10 " Dr. Sanden's Eleo- "
was. I spent over $200 doctoring before I got It, and to 1. Branches at Lob Angeles, Cal., 282 West " trl ° Bel,: la never sold il
the Belt has done what medicine failed to do. I had g acon _ street; Portland, Or., 268 "Washington I i n ■* S* *" tores nor by i|
about given up hope, for Ood only knows how much I ■"„,. !>.,,„ Colo 981 Slxt».<.nth .♦-__♦. " traveling agents; only ,i
BuffereS. and lam very grateful to you now for what *"•»• £*" cr ,' ss „ °;i _tr«*t- B,?«^ $%?' "at our offloe -
you have done for me." Dallas, Tex., 280 Main street; Butt*, Mont., I ..
J. W. TELNIC, Union House, Sacramento, Cal. 110 North Main street. .---.-..,,,,,,,,
most interesting one being that of the
faro games formerly in operation at
Sausalito. The report states that vie
games have been discontinued and that
not enough evidence could be obtained
as regards the charges of collusion on the
part of town officials to warrant the find
ing of indictments.
SUPEBIOB COUBT BEVEBSED.
SUISUN, Jan. 10.— The Supreme Court
has reversed the decision of the Superior
Court of Solano County in the case of
William Gridley Toland, respondent, vs.
Hugo H. Toland et al., appellants. The
plaintiff brought action to quiet his title
to the undivided half of certain land in
the county of Solano, claiming it by suc
cession from Mary B. Toland, who died
on November 14, 1895. In answer to the
plaintiff's claim the defendants allege
that Mrs. Toland ■ made a testamentary
disposition of the land, and that they are
the beneficiaries under her will, setting
forth in their answer a copy of the will.
Plaintiff demurred to this answer, and hlB
demurrer having been sustained, judg
ment was entered in his favor, from which
defendants appealed. This judgment was
reversed by the Supreme Court-
Minkler Held for Trial.
PALO ALTO, Jan. 10.— The preliminary
examination of L. D. Minkler, the opera
tor who sent a bogus telegraphic transfer
for JS4O on a Palo Alto bank, which was
collected on December 27 by Clay Bar
clay, was held before Justice Dyer to
day. Minkler's bonds were fixed at $3000.
Barclay's examination will be before the
Justice at Mayfleld. as he was arrested
by the Constable of that township.
A STATE SENATOR
GIVES UP BOODLE
Sensation in the Mon
tana Legislature.
CLARK'S FOES AFTER HIM
CHARGE THAT HE TBIED TO BUY
VOTES OUTBIGHT.
Bills That He Is Alleged to Have
Paid Are Produced Before the
Investigating Com
mittee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HELENA, Mont., Jan. 10.— State Sen
ator Fred Whiteside of Flathead Coun
ty turnei over to the bribery investi
gating committee of the Senate to-day
thirty bill. 0 f the denomination of $1000
which he swore had been given to him
for the purpose of buying votes for W.
A. Clark of Butte for United States
Senator. The bills were made an ex
hibit of the investigation. 7 77
Whiteside said he went to John B.
Welcome, a Butte attorney supposed
to represent Mr. Clark, and intimated
that he would take money and vote for
Clark and for more money would get
three other members to do likewise. He
swears he did all this for the sole and
virtuous purpose of exposing corrup
tion and doing a noble duty in the
service of the State.
The bribery committee was appointed
yesterday at the instigation of the ene
mies of Mr. Clark. At 10 o'clock the
committee, composed of the enemies of
Mr. Clark, was ready to report with
the "boodle money," as it claimed, in
hand, and the evidence of Whiteside
and State Senator W. A. Clark of Ma
son County, not "related to the candi
date for United States Senator; Sena
tor Meyers of Ravalli County and Rep
resentative V. Carr of Flathead County.
All swore they had accepted bribe
money for the purpose of exposing
bribery. The money was ordered turned
over to the State Treasurer.
Among other points made out by
Whiteside in his testimony was the
alleged fact that a Republican vote
was worth $5000, while Democratic votes
were a bargain at $10,000, and he him
self was to receive much more than
that if he was successful in the work
which he claimed to be interested in.
Whiteside said he approached Matts
and John R. Toole to see if he could not
get hold of a few thousands of Daly's
money, but that these gentlemen said
they had no money to spend in that
way. He said that William McDer
mott of Butte had threatened to kill
any one who revealed anything regard
ing the giving or taking of bribes.
Friends of Mr. Clark deny in toto the
story of Whiteside and declare the
whole a damnable scheme put up by
Anaconda people. They are strong in
their charges of conspiracy, the result
of which was the Whiteside episode of
to-day. The Anaconda people have
waged a war for the political extermi
nation of Mr. Clark for years, but the
latter's" friends are surprised by this
latter Incident and say they will really
reinforce and elect Mr. Clark in a few
days. They claim counter evidence to
fully offset that produced to-day.
CATTLE FEED NEEDED.
KING CITY, Jan. 10.— Inaccurate re
ports regarding the condition of stock in
this section have appeared In some news
papers. It has been reported that feed ls
now plentiful and that further assistance
is not needed. This is a mistake. Green
feed will not be plentiful until spring,
and then only under the most favorable
conditions. If the rainfall reaches
the average for the next two months feed
will be plentiful. The committee having
in charge -the distribution of feed for
cattle is still supplying hay and will con
tinue to do so until the danger Is over.
It is the intention of the committee to
distribute enough food for the cattle to
last until the grass is well grown. Every
thing depends upon the weather. If rain
Is plentiful and there are no blighting ef
fects Monterey County will be exceed
ingly prosperous next year.
Burse and Dobbs to Meet Again.
LONDON, Jan. 10.— Dick Burge, the Eng
lish boxer, and Bobby Dobbs, the Ameri
can, have signed articles to box twen
ty rounds at the National Sporting Club
in this city on March 6 next, for £1250.GLOWING TRIBUTES
y TO CALIFORNIA'S.
CITIZENS
Continue- from Fifth Page.
"belief that their leader will gain tne
• prize and are beginning to bet accord
': lnglv.
Besides the wines and many-course din
ners losers will have to pay. sums of
money. large and small, have been
wagered on the result. The poolrooms are
alive to the possibilities of the Important
contest gnd have posted tempting odds for
those -desirous of gambling on their
choice.
Cavanagh's poolroom, which Is located
within a stone's throw of the Golden Ea
gle Hotel. In which the candidates hold
Forth and their henchmen spend tneir
coin in liquid refreshments, has opened a
book on the suit.
■ Colonel Burns is looked upon as a 2 to
,-.F. shot by the shrewd men who run
t!;e place." Grant is a close second with
• 7odds of -4 to 1. Some sanguine bettor
.has placed $40 on the Mexican aspirant's
'.'cha.icos. and the pool-dealers are looking
'for more money. General Barnes and
' .George A. Knight are tied for third place
'"' -with odds of i to 1. Few bets have been
?;"placed on either candidate, owing to their
' uncertain standing.
' Irving M. Scott of Union Iron Works
' fame is looked upon as a 5 to 1 bet, as is
•*" cli^o Robert N. Bulla, the southern aspi
■'• -ant. The odds offered on Van R. Pater
"*'ion. M. M. Estee. Charles N. Felton and
■ I'Jydge Waymire are extremely tempting.
Opposite j;;<!ge Paterson's name is the
"'figure 10. ar.d Estee and Felton are of
. -fered at odds cf i_> to 1.
"...'Whether it Is because of his late ap
•' -pearance among the field or because of
"' his not receiving a vote on the initial bal-
C:.ioi is not known, but the director of the
. -poolroom has made Judge Waymire a
* .long shot" at 40 to 1. Wise bettors are
7s taking -a few coins on his chances, be
7_i<-vin:;'that the Judge is a fast finisher.
♦
CLEVER MACHINE POLITICS
THAT FAILED TO CATCH
•••7 •:'■;"; CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
-:•".' ■" MENTO, Jan. 10.— As clever a piece of ma
*..chine politics as has yet found its way
.'7. through the guard lines of the Burns
i' ■.'•'"•••'camp came to light here to-night, and in
••'•••• doing so blasted the Alcalde's latest hope |
.•-,-•* of effecting a joint Senatorial caucus.
'•;'*,-.•. * This latest political deal contemplated I
•••*• . Grant and his forces as victims and the
■'"■•; "; v. hole scheme was precipitated by Grant's
-manager, Milton Green, himself. Green's!
• •*.. sunny disposition vfis in good working or
• .der the other day, and confident that
] --victory was about to perch somewhere
.■'...'within shooting distance he proposed to
"the Burns crowd that they have a little.
••'•.•'try-out caucus.
'•.Burns immediately called the bluff, and
.-' •■;••. Green went upstairs to talk it over with j
•■•.Jim Brown. Jim, however, was afflicted j
' ■•■ with no temporary good humor, and re
•'-'..'• fused to stand for It. Green was obliged j
..'.'■ to call It off. The Burns people, however, \
'/•;. had learned Green's temper, and they set j
■*_: turning It to account. It was fig- j
.'= .-: • . u'fed that on to-morrow's vote Grant |
would close the day with 29 votes, Burns :
• • £1 or Z2. Grant, through Green, would
.■ t-uffer a raise in confidence. The next
."".day's ballot and eight or nine of Burns'
'-beat votes would go over to Grant In a •
•' -body. Grant would stand 37 or 3-S, Burns
would drop off to a scant two dozen and j
the Grant confidence would be supreme j
:'.•'; "".'and the caucus called for by the Burns
"•*. people would be an easy thing to get the
■ • San Diego man into.
."•'.. The caucus would be his finish. Once
.'•. * 'bound to abide by its decisions, and in tne :
•;'■. seclusion of the caucus chamber. Burns
.' would give the word to the voters that '
. ..". -have so suddenly forsaken him and tney
.would go back to the fold on the run.
leaving him master of the game and I
Grant and his remaining pocketful of j
*./.. votes over the proverbial barrel.
•'* '". '-The scheme was well oiled to-day, and I
..-.."was working out its own successful issue i
• ..,; In the most gratifying manner. It would i
• probably have done the business in the i
"..-*. e;>il, and that it has failed is for only j
• ' ". two reasons: It was too clever to keep,]
• .-the' cowboy Senator of .-:.*. Clara knew, j
•'•• of.it. To-night It ls all over town, and tne !
'"•••last, seen of the vaquero he was belner t
• hauled into the presence of his new found |
. : , master by man Friday— Dennery.
= .''■; ".Caucuses, though, seem to be a Grant!
'*.••'•. .failing. All this time Green has had a'■
. ■'". scheme of his own. it has failed for the
• •'-•• reason that no one would agree to it. It •
• •' was not as clever as the Burns concep- !
"•'• v'r ' lionj but it was no slouch at that. It i
•'■••„■: -was.- to begin, anti-Burns. The machine;
.'.'. ' ..'•'forces were to be Ignored, and Grant,;
' ". Bulla, Barnes and Knlsrht were to fore
'! '-. gather in a caucus of their own, combine !
'.'.""".'. against Burns, and lay to the siege till
•"••. "• .'he was starved out of the game, then
"."".'- turn to and fight among themselves for
•'.= ■ Vthe job.
. -.Green argued that It would be virtue's j
.*-.._*. • victory If they should all unite against
" .*:•': the, common enemy and he passed out
,':••:. '.other, platitudes, but the Bulla forces j
.•777 POSTUM CEREAL.
//: A saved BABY.
:■;' Her Mother Knows How To Make
.-*/; . Good Postum.
.7.7 '."Upon recommending to others the
'•,7*7i*se-.of Postum Food Coffee, we have
7~ :'• •**:■* en received the reply, 'Oh, we
■"■'. have tried that and can't bear it.'
v'.y number of times I have gone dlrect-
.:.;: i>-. to the kitchen and made a cup as
••'. '"•'• -Trected on the package, that ls, allow.
.' '7-Jrtg it to boil until the .flavor and food
..value can be extracted from the grains,
v'/tiftd. -whenever it is served this way It
/■yv'lns; you i. ay depend upon it.
•1 EVA PEARL HINDLEY,
■•.'i ! '•*£ -' So. Water St., Cleveland, 0.
7": "My baby, Eva Pearl, was always a
77 '.Very delicate child until nearly two
-'years of age, when I began giving her
v/iPfjstum Cereal Food Coffee to drink,
;Y:£ v and she began to gain in health and
7*;': ; 6' t ?* . right away. I know to a certainty
*.-.";.. '*jth at .the improvement was due to the
.*.'• '.^PP'Jtnm, for many meals she would not
':'!■ .'touch a mouthful except Postum
777"*C£r*-al. Now she is over four years old
•;■; *;s.nd .is a rollicking, healthy little girl,
•.•-./ty p.* Consider she was saved by Postum,
• .'.and '-you can imagine how we feel
.'.toward the splendid food coffee and
1 'those who make it.
-7-::; ; %ast winter my little son, Asa Pierce
.'Hin.-ley, was sick and confined to his
: ? 1.-d for thirteen weeks. As soon as he
7, iyas able to eat at all, he began to
,*'• 'dr'i'fiik Postum, and Just about lived on
; it.'for several weeks, his stomach being
•.:tdo-'weak to a/lmit of any solid food.
.'-But. "the Postum gave him the strength
•.-■.to.- recover.
• *"V. 'My father, who was for many years
a . practicing physician here, has pre-
:i_Vibed I. stum in many, many cases.
\ iy.H'ope this letter will help others who
7: -have been, and are now, suffering
'-.-. fryj'm the unsuspected old-fashioned
* : Bee." '
were not looking for virtue so much as
for the toga. / Neither was Barnes nor
Knight. Thejr were not so sure as was
Green that it was to be simply a virtu
ous demonstration for the general good.
In fact, it looked more like a Green
scheme to eat up the little fellows in the
bunch and get strength enough out of
them to kill Bulla off. Un this hypo
thesis the 7 refused to listen, and so did
the rest. Green went into executive
session with himself this afternoon, and
it leaked out to-night that after consider
able debate and wrangling he had decided
to call it off.
A GOOD FRONT PUT
UP BY GRANT MANAGERS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 10.— U. S. Grant Jr. cer
tainly did not seem to be at all depressed
to-night because he received only twenty
six votes ln the balloting to-day. He was
at his headquarters all the afternoon and
evening, and had the glad hand and a
cheerful smile to offer to all visitors. Mr.
Grant is not noted for extending either
unless there is some good and sufficient
reason for it. He was like all the rest of
the candidates as far as professions go,
for he Insisted that he was more than
satisfied with the result of the first bal
lot.
) "I feel more confident to-night than
} ever. That is all I care to say." And then
I Mr. Grant turned to one of his visitors to
j renew a story he was telling.
Mr. Grant's managers do not like to
! have him talk, and he does but very little
Jof it. But they are very ready to talk
| themselves, and they are not at all slow
about making claims, either. One thing
! is evident, and that is that the Grant men
! did not get the vote they expected to
j day. They may be satisfied with the
j twenty-six votes they did poll, but they
j thought they would have five or six more.
In several Instances they received what is
known in slang parlance as a bad "throw
' down." Take, for instance, Assemblyman
) Beecher of Shasta County. The Grant
i men have been counting on him from the
very start and have included him in all
their figuring as one of their firm sup
porters. They claim that he has repeat
-1 edly visited their headquarters and assur
ed them that he was going to vote for
■ their candidate. Imagine their surprise
to-day when Beecher's name was called in
the Assembly and he promptly cast his
I vote for Burns.
The Grant managers will not state what
reason Assemblyman Beecher had for
promising them his vote, but they are
very bitter against him to-night, and
claim that he is guilty of wanton viola
tion of his pledge. .
"Mr. Grant will to-morrow receive
enough votes to run his total up to thir
ty-five at least," said James Brown, who,
with Milt Green, has the direction of the
Grant forces. "There is one vote we did
not have to-day, and that Is Assembly
man Chenowyth of Orange County. He is
one of the original Grant men. but was
kept away from the session to-day on ac
count of the serious illness of his mother,
who is here In Sacramento. He will be on
hand -morrow all right.
"Mr. Grant has the best organized fight
of any candidate in this contest, and when
we make statements about votes we
know just what we are talking about.
We have not a lot of race track touts
and political ruffians making Mr. Grant's
fight. It is being waged by gentlemen
who are at all times In possession of their
sober senses. When they state anything
as a fact they know exactly -^hat they
say, and they are willing to stand for it.
"A number of Mr. Grant's supporters
came to-day and told us that in deference
to local sentiment they would on the first
ballot vote for some candidate other than
Grant, but on the second ballot we could
rely on them. We told them all right. It
was perfectly satisfactory to us. So to
morrow these votes w... be added to the
Grant column."
MAJOR M'LAUGHLIN TALKS
FOR MEXICAN DAN
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 10.— Mexican Dan by no
means feels elated at the result of the
balloting to-day. The colonel devoted the
entire afternoon and evening to consulta
tion with his nearest supporters. He has
all along been in close touch with the
touts. Federal officials and political work
ers here in his Interest, and has commun
icated with his supporters in the Assem
bly and Senate through his chosen agents,
save in the case of Senator Bettman and
Assemblyman Kenneally. But this after
noon and to-night all pretense at cover
on the part of the legislators who voted
for htm to-day, but who had not pre
viously announced their choice as the man
from Mexico, was thrown off.
They came directly to the colonel's
headquarters and received their instruc
tions from the great mogul himself. The .
colonel's trusty messengers — Leon Den
nery, Jake Steppacher and Jack Terrill—
were without occupation to-night, for the
colonel did business with the men he
wanted to see direct.
Judge Dibble of San Francisco was with
him for an hour, and then Assemblyman
Cobb had a long-drawn-out talk with the
boss. Later Gthers came, so that the
colonel was kept constantly busy until
midnight. He was not in a good humor
by any means when approached by a rep
resentative of The Call and asked to state
how he was inclined to look upon the re
sult of the first ballot.
The colonel was very crusty, and de
clined to express any opinion "at all. He
said that he was making a campaign for
the Senatorship just now, and he had
neither the desire nor the inclination to
talk to or for the newspapers. He said
that he had been treated so badly by them
that it was beneath his dignity to permit
himself to be interviewed.
And then the colonel majestically waved
the reporter away and entered into con
ference with his close friend, Leon Den-
nery.
Major McLaughlin, however, was ln a
better humor than Colonel Burns. He was
not at all loath to talk and seemed to be
ln a happy mood.
"The vote Colonel Burns got to-day,"
said Major McLaughlin, "was fully up" to
what we had expected for the first ballot.
We will gain from now on. I think that
to-morrow there will be seventeen votes
added to the twenty-four Colonel Burns
polled to-day. .Grant has almost reached
the end. There may be a few additions
to his vote to-morrow. In fact, we con
cede that there will be. The Grant peo
ple have made a moneyea fight straight
through, and It has been going on for
over a year. But the showing they made
to-day under the circumstances is cer
tainly a very poor one. No, I cannot tell
you how long the fight will last. No man
can tell you. One thing you can say, and
that is this: We are ready for a caucus
at any time.
"The story that we ar*} considering a
second choice to take up as the successor
of the Burns vote is absolute folly. I
have heard it said that we were think
ing of General Barnes. There is abso
lutely nothing in this story. We are not
for one moment thinking of any second
choice. The votes we have-are for Burns
first, last and all the time, and they think
only of one thing, and that is to elect
their favorite to the Senate of the
United States."
BURNS' GOLD BRICK
FAILED TO WIN RADCLIFFE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 10.— Major McLaughlin's
descent, en force, on Assemblyman Rad
cllffe of Santa Cruz County a day or so
ago was hot the last attempt made by the
Burns crowd to force the fighting repre
sentative from the sugar-beet section into
line with their forces. They had another
card up their sleeve, or rather a gold
brick, which they were holding back as
the last Inducement. They offered the
brick yesterday, but it did not induce, and
Radcllffe to-day got. even by seconding
the nomination of Grant
The Burns faction discovered that Rad
cllffe had put ln something like seventeen
years of his life over a printing press
and that he was looking as hard as he
might for the chairmanship of the Print
ing Committee. They also learned that
there were half a dozen in the Assembly
who wanted the committee as well as
Radcllffe, and they decided to play him
against the field.
He was approached at the Golden
Eagle offlce yesterday morning by a rep
resentative from the colonel's headquar
ters, and it was stated to him that
Speaker Wright would stand In to give
Radcllffe the chairmanship If he would
throw his vote to Burns and come out
ln public and make one of those clarion
speeches for which the Santa Cruzan is
famous. yyyr' y '■■■-:., i.-.
At the same time he was threatened
with relegation to some minor committee
In case he declined the offer. Radcliffe
did decline, and as indignantly and with
as much force as he did the proposition
made him by McLaughlin on a previous
occasion, and at the sama time said he
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1899.
knew Speaker Wright's affiliations too
well to believe that he was training with
the Burns layout or authorizing them to
barter his chairmanships. He was threat
ened with the usual political bastinado
and other punishments that are kept con
cealed round the Burns person, and de
parted to think over his Grant speech, and
until this morning gave no more consid
eration to printing committee or Burns'
threats.
Thl3 morning, however, Speaker
Wright read over his new committees
and Radcliffe found that he had been cut
off the Printing Committee and made
merely a unit on those of Fruit and Irri
gation, and until he had talked with
Speaker Wright was almost inclined to
believe that Burns, after all, was In a
position to make good his boast.
Although he was much disappointed he
readily accepted Wright's explanation and
the matter was ended. Speaker Wright
denies, though his affiliations are so well
known that it is Hardly necessary, that
Burns or any one else was authorized by
him to either make or unmake a chair
man, and he says that the latest attempt
at vote-buying had nothing at the end
of it more than a poorly gilded brick.
THE LINE-UP AFTER
THE VOTE WAS CAST
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- !
MENTO, Jan. 10.— Immediately after the
adjournment of the Legislature the Sena
torial aspirants and their confidential ad
visers studied the rollcall of each House
with the deepest Interest. The Grant men
manifested gladness. The Burns touts, :
: despite assertions to the contrary, were
depressed, but Dan did come up smiling
and to outward appearances serenely con- j
fident. There was a rally of the touts ■
after dinner and the rallying whispers
were in the air until midnight.
Hustling work was done to line up the I
Burns men in the open. The parlors of i
the Golden Eagle were specially engaged
to-night to receive the touts and their
friends. The colonel was there and held
conferences aside with Judge Dibble,
Chief Clerk Kyle, ex-Senator Brown of
El Dorado, George A. Knight and many
others. In the Burns camp there were
boastings that Milt Green had made a
bluff to Dan for a caucus and that the
Mexican called him. Unkind and ungra
cious allusions were mad£ concerning me
raft of clumsy politicians surrounding
Grant. It was said Grant got twenty-six
votes in exchange for a year's work and
the expenditure of $100,000.
Inquiry from other sources concerning
the. exact amount expended by the agents
of Grant to corrupt the Legislature places |
the amount at much less than $100,000.' An
old-timer who has managed affairs of this
kind explained to-night that Grant's agent
had not put out more than $30,000. The
facts in the case may not be developed :
until witnesses are brought before a com- j
mittee on investigation.
There is talk to-night that eight acces- j
sions to the Burns strength will be dis- ]
played to-morrow on the first ballot it^
joint assembly. Close inside inquiry to
ascertain where Burns' future increase Is
to come from elicits some remarkable pre
dictions. For example. Assemblyman
Raw is depended on to vote for Burns
when the colonel needs him most.
"Where will Sneaker "Wright go when
he leaves Bulla?" was a question pro
pounded to a stalwart Burns man in the
Assembly. "He is counted for Burns,"
replied the Assemblyman. The idea of
Howard Wright betraying the people of
Alameda County, who reposed so much
confidence in his judgment and integrity,
seems preposterous, but yet the touts
claim him as an element of reserved
strength.
."Where will Owen Wade of Napa go
when he leaves Estee?" was another
question propounded.
"He is counted for Burns," was the
quick response. It was explained that
the Estee influence would swing Wade
Into the arms of Dan. The topic was
broached to Assemblyman Wade, who at
once remarked: 'Mhey would bury me
out of sight in Napa County if I voted
for Dan Burns."
Mr. Wade, Judging the people of Napa
County from a knowledge of their devo
tion to the State, holds that they will not
forgive or forget betrayal.
The Santa Clara people, however, are
said to be extremely tolerant. They for
give and forget betrayal in a little while,
their wrath subsides and the next hatch
of legislators from that county can mis
represent the people of Santa Clara with
Impunity.
The audacity with which the touts of
Burns claim every member who is not
absolutely committed to the support o.
Grant leads the inexperienced to believe
that Burns has a good chance of winning
out. The truth is that several of the men
claimed for Burns intend to vote for Gen
eral Barnes in accordance with the ex
pressed wishes of the leading men of.-their
respective constituencies.
Burns is trying to flirt with George
Knight and capture the Humboldt dele
gation, but the cold fact comes out that
Knight cannot transfer his strength.
From a Humboldt point of view George
is the ideal statesman, anu Burns could
never fill his place in the minds of the
men from the north. If Knight can en
dow Burns with his magnificent clarion
voice and silver-lined lungs Humboldt
might waver, but as such endowment
cannot be made Gillette and Boynton
will not be transferred to any one less
gifted in oratory than the ideal orator
of the northern redwoods.
Senator Feeney. a San Francisco Demo
crat, who deserted his party associates
and declined to cast his vote for Stephen
M. White, got a tip from Sam Rainey
and voted to-day for John Rosenfeld. The
dodge is transparent. Rainey has agreed
to deliver to Burns the votes of two Dem
ocratic Senators. One is Feeney and the
other is Hall. The bargain provides that
these two Democrats shall swing Into line
with the touts when the signal comes
from Mexico.
Thomas H. Williams Jr., pesldent of the
California Jockey Club, has a most diffi
cult task in hand. He expects to deliver
to Dan Burns the vote of Assemblyman
Muenter of San Joaquin County. How
Mr. Williams proposes to effect the de
livery of the goods is not made clear. Mr.
Muenter understands the temper and In
telligence of his constituents. He knows
the sentiments of his friends and neigh
bors regarding the candidacy of the Mex
ican, and being a man of character and
Integrity will not be easily swerved from
the path of honor and principle. Dan
ought not to assign any further duty to
Mr. Williams, for the latter has laid out
more work for himself than ought to be
committed to any man or set of men.
General Barnes ls delighted with the
aspect of affairs. There was, it is admit
ted, a shade of disappointment ln his
headquarters when the news came that
Assemblyman Arnerich and Kelsey and
Shortridge had Joined the Burns column.
The general is confident that the ballot
ing to-morrow will increase his strength.
Ultimately Wade of Napa. Muenter and
Dunlap of San Joaquin. Wright of Ala
! meda and Raw of El Dorado may Join
the Barnes column. When the break
away from the leaders comes General
Barnes may obtain remarkable acces
sions.
ROUTINE WORK IN
THE LEGISLATURE
More Than One Hundred and
Fifty Bills Presented for
Consideration.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 10.— Aside from the vote
for United States Senator the most im
portant feature of the Senate proceedings
to-day was the Introduction of 124 bills
and three constitutional amendments.
Braunhart, Cutter, Dickinson and Strat
ton still had some more measures up
their sleeves when Secretary Brandon
appealed to the president, saying that he
and his assistants then had enough work
before them to keep them busy every
minute until to-morrow morning.
All sorts of bills were Introduced. Pro
posed primary laws were as plentiful as
blackberries; amendments ' to the codes,
political, civil and criminal, were so nu
merous that* it seems as though the easi
est way out of the tangle would be to
draft a complete new set. Bills for har
bor improvements, reclamation of over
flowed lands, affecting county, town and
city government; appropriations for al
most every conceivable purpose and no
body knows what all.
And the members have only Just com
menced. Other days are coming for the
introduction of more bills, all the Sena
tors are well "heeled," and when the list
ls complete it will require a continuous
session of a year to act upon them all.
When the "senate met this morning Paul
Gregg was elected committee clerk and
James V. Trice bill clerk. Lieutenant
Governor Neff announced the appoiat
ment of B. W. Upson, ilunroe GUman, E.
H. Smith and Dorm J. Shields as pages. !
Braunhart introduced the following res
olution, which was referred to the Com- ;
mittee on Federal Relations:
"Senate joint resolution relative to the !
election of United States Senator by di- ;
rect vote of the people.
'"Whereas, Section 3 of article I of the !
constitution of the United States provides :
that the Senate of the United States shall i
be composed of two Senators from each
State chosen by the Legislature thereof :
for six years; and - : :
"Whereas. The present system for the
election of United States Senators is sub- i
ject to severe public criticism and divided j
public opinion arising from various |
causes; therefore, be it
"Resolved, By the Senate of the State
of California, the Assembly concurring, :
that our Senators in Congress be Instruct- ;
ed and our Representatives be requested
to vote for the submission of an amend- I
ment to the constitution of the United
States providing for the election of Sena- j
tors by the direct vote of the electors of j
the respective States.
"Resolved, That his Excellency the i
Governor be requested to transmit a j
copy of these resolutions to our Senators
and Representatives in Congress."
Cutter's resolution instructing the ser
geant-at-arms to repair the locks on the
members' desks'was adopted, after which !
a recess was taken until noon, the hour
fixed by law for the taking of the first j
ballot for United States Senator.
When the Senate reconvened with Pres- i
ident pro tern. Flint in the chair every ;
seat in the gallery and lobby was occu
pied, while many ladies were seated b- !
side members. Dickinson of Marin intro
duced a resolution providing for the elec- i
tion of a Senator to succeed Stephen M. j
White, and the resolution being adopted
Secretary Brandon was instructed to read j
the Federal statutes governing the elec
tion.
President Flint announce- that nomina
tions for the office were ln order and rec
ognized Simpson, who presented Bulla's
name.
Nutt of San Diego foaowed in behalf of
Grant.
Gillette of Del Norte placed in nomina
tion George A. Knight.'
Rowell of Fresno named Thomas R.
Bard.
General Barnes' name was presented by
Morehouse of Santa Clara, who made the
only speech of the day- worth listening to.
To Shortridge of Santa Clara fell the
duty of placing Burns' name before the
Senate.
Sims, on behalf of the minority offered
the name of Stephen M. White for the
complimentary vote.
Davis of Amador named Irving M.
Scott, without any attempt at oratory,
and then followed the seconding speeches.
Luchsinger of Solano seconded Barnes,
as did Stratton of Alameda, who said he
had Intended to vote for Judge Morrow.
Currier of Los Angeles seconded Bulla's
nomination, and Wolfe of San Francisco
spoke for Burns.
Boyce seconded Grant ana was followed
by Bettman and Leavitt, in order, who
talked for Burns.
Doty seconded White, and Cutter closed
the oratory with an appeal for Grant.
A ballot was taken, resulting as fol
lows Barnes 4. Bulla 2, Bums 7. Grant 7,
Knight 1, White 13. Bard 2. Scott 1, John
Rosenfeld 1, Van R. Paterson 1.
After announcing the vote and adopting
a resolution providing for the sending to
the Assembly a report of the result in the
Senate, a recess was taken until 3 o'clock.
The special order was called as soon as
the Senate reconvened and the members
got themselves Into a cute little tangle as
to what method of procedure to pursue.
Finally, after much wrangling, Langford
secured the adontion of a resolution sus
pending the rules for the day and pro
viding for the calling of the roll, each
member to be allowed the privilege of In
troducing one measure on each rollcall.
Ashe had the honor of introducing the
first Senate bill of the session.
It amends section 595 of the political
code. They followed in rapid succession
until 124 bills and three constitutional
amendments had been pent in when Sec
retary Brandon called a halt for the day
and the Senate adjourned until to-mor
row morning. _
BILLS THAT WERE PRE
SENTED IN THE ASSEMBLY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 10.— Francisco's new
charter was formally launched this morn
ing in the Assembly by concurrent reso
lution No. 6, Introduced by Cobb of San
Francisco. The resolution recommended
that the charter become the law of the
municipality according to Its provisions,
and without debate it was consigned to
the- Committee on Municipal Corporations.
The introduction of bills was the only ;
business transacted by the Assembly dur- !
ing the morning. The excitement natur- :
ally preceding the first ballot for United
States Senator was noticeable from the
time the first half dozen members wan
dered in and gathered to talk it all over,
and until long after the time set for the
opening of the session the Senatorial bee
buzzed merrily anl not much else was
thought or .talked of.
Speaker Wright called for order at half ;
past 10, and after rollcall and the prayer
of the chaplain called upon Valentine of
Los Angeles to temporarily relieve him
of his duties that he might hava.time to
finish his list of committees. He an
nounced them later with few changes
from the list he gave to the public
through the press last week. By prear- ,
rangement the introduction of bills had
been set for 2 o'clock in the afternoon,
following the Senatorial vote, but bills
came on in the regular order, and In a
little over twenty minute 3 fifty-two of :
them had been filed for their first reading.
Grove L. Johnson of Sacramento got in {
with twelve, the first twelve recorded.
Mr. Johnson had the honor, of present- :
ing Assembly bill No. 1 the other day
when he introduced the measure appro- ;
priating $50,000 for the needs of the State
Printing Office. To-day he introduced
Assembly bills 2 to 13. Cobb of San ;
Francisco got In on the file with the I
charter resolution, so that if it be not j
delayed In committee it will not have to j
wait long before it meets any opposition '■
that may be in store for It.
Rickard of San Francisco had a long
list, and Devoto of the same town sent in
his quota.
One of the bills Introduced by Johnson
is framed with the intention of assuring
to the city of Sacramento water that at
certain seasons may be drinkable. It
appropriates 115,000 for the building of a
sewerage system at the State Prison at
Folsom that will drain off the filth and
sewage that at present finds Its way into
the . waters of the American River and
eventually to the homes of Sacramentans
with all Its accompanying filth and dis- j
ease-breeding germs. All plans, specifi
cations and proposals are subject to the J
scrutiny and decision of the State Board
of Prison Directors, as are also the ex- i
penditures, and the law is so carefully
written that if it shall pass the greatest j
nuisance and menace that Sacramento is
subject to will probably be done away i
with.
The oft-recurring bill to buy a residence
in this city for the Governor has again }
made its appearance and without change j
in its verbal garb. It was referred to the I
Committee on Public Buildings. A bill
was also introduced providing for the i
payment of commissions to the State's
agents, who since 1572 have been trying j
to collect from the Government money j
advanced by the State in the outfitting of j
volunteers on Government duty during !
the late war. It is particularly Intended |
to remunerate Thomas Nossler and A. J. I
Shanklin of Oakland, who have for years, j
and at their own expense, been laboring
to recover to the Slate the funds that i
belong to it. The bill passed the last j
Legislature by a generous vote, but failed ]
to get Governor Budd's signature. This
year, however. Governor Gage especially I
recommended the measure in his initial
message and it will probably receive bet- I
ter treatment. Still another bill was In
troduced creating a fund for exempt fire- j
men, and another amending the law pro- ;
viding penalties and punishment for j
cruelty to animals: the dredging of Alviso !
slough came up ln another, and the first
of the bills directed at the present elec- i
tion laws was Introduced and referred to
its regular committee.
The hour of noon and beginning of the
Senatorial fight put a stop to further
business until 2 o clock. when more bills
were offered. Valentine of Los Angeles, ':
however, kicked at more work without
lunch, and upon motion of Dibble ad
journment was taken to 10 o'clock this
morning.
WILL STOP THE SALE
OF PARK PROPERTY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, ' Jan. 10.— The last Legislature
authorized the State Agricultural Society
to sell the Agricultural Park in this city,
various reasons making a change of loca
tion desirable. Upon the authority thus
conferred the society applied to the Su
perior Court of county for the ap
pointment of a commissioner to sell the
property, and as such commissioner the
court appointed W. E. Gerber, cashier of
the California State Bank, who haa adver
tised for the sale of the park as a whole
or in sections.
To-day E. A. Burr, a taxpayer of this
city, served upon the attorney for the
State Agricultural Society and Commis
sioner Gerber a • notice that on January
20 he would apply to the Superior Court
for an order to recall the order of sale
heretofore made and to have the decree
modified so that If the Agricultural Park
property be sold the proceeds must be re
invested in the limits of the city of Sac
mento. Burr claims that in 1860 the Legis
lature authorized the levy of a special
tax ln Sacramento for the purchase of
agricultural grounds In the limits of this
city, and he contends that the money to be
derived from the sale cannot lawfully be
used for the purchase of grounds else
where than within the city limits. If he
is succesful in his application the pres
ent Legislature may be called upon to
authorize the society to locate outside the
city, but within the county.
Hugh. Craig a Candidate.
Hugh Craig, president of the San Fran
cisco Chamber of Commerce, has an
nounced that he ls a candidate for United
States Senator from California. Mr.
Craig says he has decided to enter the
contest at the solicitation of his friends
in commercial circles throughout the
State, and in view of the bitter rivalry
between Burns and Grant, which is likely
to prove fatal to the chances of both, he
Is confident of securing the honor.
PASTOR FERRAND
IS COMING BACK
Returns to Refute Scur
rilous Charges.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 10.— Rev. Foun-
tain R. Farrand, pastor of the Howard
Presbyterian Church of San Francisco,
who has been the guest of his brother
at Boyle Heights the past few days,
returned to San Francisco to-day.
Rev. Mr. Farrand had Intended to go
East from here, but the publication in
San Francisco of a story concerning
the alleged cause of his sudden depar
ture from San Francisco materially
changed his plans. While in Los An
geles Farrand was the guest of his
brother. Rev. Edward Farrand, pastor
of the Boyle Heights Presbyterian
Church. Edward Farrand is very in
dignant at the report of his brother's
misdeeds and declares there is no
foundation whatever for the story.
"I buried my wife last Wednesday."
he said: "My brother came down on
account of her death, which occurred
on the preceding Monday. My brother
is in good standing with his people in
San Francisco. They gave him a vaca
tion of three months because he wished
to visit our mother in the East. The
trustees had agreed to pay him while
he was away.
"The story is highly libelous. My
brother could not go East and leave
such a stigma against his name."
A telegram which arrived early this
morning from Charles W. Pike, a trus
tee in the church, reads:
"Think it advisable to continue your
Eastern journey. Nothing published in
this morning's papers. Think the mat
ter has been dropped."
Pike is one of those mentioned by the
Bulletin as having demanded the resig
nation of the pastor of Howard Church.
WILL MUSTER OUT
EIGHTH REGIMENT
Secretary Alger Accedes to the
"Wishes of a Majority of
the Men.
■WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— As already
stated in The Call, Senator Perkins
consulted with Secretary Alger last
week regarding the mustering out of
the Eighth California Regiment. It had
been asserted that the sentiment was
almost unanimous among officers and
men for retention in the service and
Senator Perkins upon learning the War
Department had determined to muster
out the regiment suggested that Secre
tary Alger communicate with General
Merriam in order to learn the wishes
of the regiment. This was done and
to-day Secretary Alger received the fol
lowing dispatch from the commanding
general of the Department of Cali
fornia:
"Investigation of the Eighth Cali
fornia shows 37 officers and 214 enlisted
men desire to remain in the service,
while 5 officers and 923 enlisted men
prefer immediate discharge."
In view of this statement the Secre
tary of War Informed Senator Perkins
to-day that he was not disposed to re
voke the order for the mustering out
of the regiment.
Metropolitan Temple should be crowded
to-night to welcome Father Sheehy of
Limerick, Ireland. •
Ran at Half Speed.
NEW TORK, Jan. 10.— The American
line steamer St. Paul, which sailed from
Southampton on January 1, on the 3d at
noon, ln latitude 50.17 longitude 22.02,
found a crack in the main steam pipe on
starboard engine, necessitating the run
ning of both engines at 100 pounds pres
sure, or half speed, during the remainder
of the voyage.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YOUyGr AT SIXTY.
Serene comfort and happiness in ad-
vanced years are realized by compara-
tively few women.
Their hard lives, their liability to se-
rious troubles on account of their pecu-
liar organism and their profound igno-
rance concerning themselves, all com-
bine to shorten the period of usefulness
and fill their later years with suffering.
Mrs. Pinkham has done much to make
women strong. She bas given advice
to many that bas shown them bow to
guard against disease and retain vigor-
ous health in old age. From every cor-
ner of the earth there is constantly com-
ing the most convinciug statements
from women, showing the efficacy of
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound in overcoming female ills. Here
is a letter from Mrs. J. C. Onus, of 220
Homer St., Johnstown, Pa., which is
earnest and straight to the point :
" Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — feel it my
duty to tell all suffering women tbat I
think your remedies are wonderfuL I
had trouble with my bead, dizzy spells
and bot flashes. Feet and bands were
cold, was very nervous, could not sleep
well, bad kidney trouble, pain in
ovaries and congestion of the womb.
Since taking your remedies I am better
every way My head trouble is all
gone, have no pain in ovaries, and am
cured of womb trouble. I can eat and
sleep well and am gaining in flesh. I
consider your medicine the best to be
bad. for female troubles."
The present Mrs. Pinkham^ experi-
ence in treating female ills is nnparal-
lelled, for years she -worked side by
side with Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham, and
for sometime past has had sole charge
of the correspondence department of
ber great business, treating by letter
as many as a hundred thousand ailing
women during a single year.
ARE YOUR
LUNGS WEAK?
To Every Sufferer from Coughs, Grip, Consump-
tion and Similar Signs of Lung Weak-
ness a Great Specialist Offers His
New Scientific
TREATMENT FREE.
Nearly everybody you meet will feel
insulted if you say they have weak
lungs. All seem to have a solid faith
in the soundness of their own breath-
ing machine. They may admit they
have a "heavy cold," "a touch of bron-
chitis," or even "a spell of asthma,"
but as to weak lungs, NEVER. Even
the poor consumptive, who scarcely
speaks without coughing, whose cheeks
are wasted, hollow, and bear the hectic
flush of doom, will assure you that he
will be all right when the weather
changes.
How many a poor bread-earner there
Is who keeps on and on at his daily
toil, taking cough medicines by fits and
starts, but never quite curing his cough,
while this same cough is but a symptom
of decay that is eating into his lungs,
and will in time cause their destruction.
[Mr i — '. , J?. ' \ \ '-. Jk
THE TREATMENT THAT HAS NEVER TET FAILED.
Thus does a wife observe her hus-
band, or parents witness the struggle
of a darling child, while no steps are
taken to battle with the evil until con-
sumption has seized on one more vic-
tim. It is terrible to think how far we
may be guilty by our indifference to the
lung troubles of those near and dear to
us. It is also terrible to think that we
may possibly hug a similar dangerous
delusion as to our own health until too
late to obtain a remedy.
Let us leave the distressing subject
to come to what is practical.
Lung troubles don't move backward.
"Weak lungs must be healed and
strengthened and rid of the very earli-
est germs of disease or you are simply
committing a form of suicide. Either
you must cure your lung troubles or
THEY WILL KILL YOU. That's the
Leading
Opticians,
14-16 Kearny Street.
PC-le-e-ter. Ebsll«_. Dlaaond Brand. -
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<S»~V Original aad Only Genuine. A
*-jffft\ sara. alwaya reliable. l»oies aik ,^^^
___7l_i*_d_L D, ' irt for Chtefnttfrt EnglM i"'---^S\i|
fc^*4^^g^^\t-um4 Brand In Bed aid Gcii metallic \\t3'
X\ — «T\j »*3i<ii«. tealed with Mue ribbon. Take Vy
iW jp^ other. Refine dangtrou* rtibttitu. V
I / r* /Tftiont and imitations. At Dra^ri*^, or send &a.
I C VJf la ttanpa for p.irtlcc'.ars. tffl'.nionia'.a ana !
\^» J9 " Relief far Ladies," in letur, br relnra
—V X MalL 10,000 Tr«ii_or.i!»:s. feme Paper. :
•' > ~-^rC_!-»i*«tr-rCaemlcalCo.,Madl»o_»<jß«ir%
i-UkyaU Local Pragtota. PHIL A A- I _7
DR.MCNULTY. i
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD |
J- Specialist cures Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases oV Men only. Book on Private Diseases and i
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 2o y'rs' experience.
Patients cure<lat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to 3 dally; 8.80 to 8:H0 ar'KS. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul- !
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cail.oraddress i
P. KOSCOK JIc.VULTY, M.D.
26% Kearny »t., San Francisco. Cal. j
@lERCE-| !
mm\W FAVORITE
RESCRIPTION
M FOR WEAK WOMEN.
tTiMiiiflH-fiß
■-ra-, ii HHiUfa ______Ji33-liM :
Oppression, _uao._ii.on, Nem_i^eu^,eureQD|
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
P»rli, J. E3PIO ; New Tork, E. FOUGERA * CO
SOLD BY ALL DRUGK-ISTB.
— !
-o'^dflP _Ssifc_!ViM "' ' ** '■ * nc'3-pa!.«cr!in^
*yjfsh2!»* t *^^^-lA rsme-ir for Gonorrhea,
ArpiSr CCHES^I^ Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
fiPJF In l u> > tin. V Whites, unnatural di*.
£id Gearantee'd jf^ charges, or any inCajiai-
fat] not to ttrictare. lion, irritation or ulcera-
i«~^PrrT«nu contagion, tlon of mncom mem-
*g?a*^rH£Ey<N3 Cr*;«" , 0.1, branss. Non-aatric^ent.
I^AciNCINNATI.O _5?Hj Sold by DrocciaU,
V_____ 8.8.1 _•_■ or ceQt la Pain wrapper,
< a\£i'£»s^ ' _ZV 'ny express, prepaid, fol
L V^_______9_Ff> o _l {.LOO, or A bottles, f3.7..
'■•"NSgiJ^Sji^v ■ Circular seat oa ruse*!
E '• a)
V__ii^33'_ MARKET ST. S.F.>tay
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to _c_._a_ pryaja. Deppt, 323 Market.
j whole situation in a nutshell.
Never was there any positive cure for
lung troubles until Dr. Slocum made the
discovery which is now embodied in his
; new system of treatment. It cures
weak lungs, bronchitis, asthma, coughs,
1 consumption, catarrh and every other
ailment of the pulmonary region. It
destroys every germ that can affect the
respiratory system, and even in ad-
i vanced stages of lung trouble positively
arrests the tubercular growth, while It
also builds up the patient so that his
system is enabled to throw off scrofula,
- rheumatism and other diseases. Thou-
sands of cured cases already prove
! these statements. Thousands of grate-
i ful people bless the discoverer.
The system consists of three remedies
i which act simultaneously and supple-
I ment each other's curative action.
Every flrst-claBS druggist dispenses
j the Slocum System of Treatment in
large original packages, with full direc-
! tions for use. j, .
The doctor wants everybody to know
i the merits of his system. He has ar-
■ ranged to give a free treatment (three
i bottles of medicine) to all who will ap-
I ply to him in person or by letter. Full
I instructions for use accompany each
| treatment Surely, if you have weak
1 lungs you will be glad to take advant-
! age of a scientific treatment that is
I offered in such a generous spirit.
Write to Dr. T. A. Slocum, 98 Pine st,
New York City, giving full address, and
i please tell him you read this in The
i Call. • i
Delay only makes your trouble
worse.
WEEKLY. CALL
o/ It Publish^ the Cream of tilt
jD New* or the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVB AND
o/ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
<=\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
(J PAPER ON THB
~J PACIFIC COAST
5 ■N>e> Best \ / Mining
°j Telegraphic \jJ Newc That
o\ Service on /N. Is Accurate
©< The Coast / \& up to date
°{ —
©**! Not a Line of it Sensational
o/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
gj it Dry or Uninteresting.
CX Bright, Clean. A Cbsmpled at
) Thoughtful. Imth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPEI
~J ALL THE TIME.
-J IT ADVOCATES SENT BT
£) HOME MAIL SI
C< LSOIiSTRIES 1 A YEAS.
Enlarged to 16 Pages
o w PALACE •****•!
'GRAND tQXßkft %
D aan PRAtiCIOCO. 2
JT Coaaecte* t>y a ogT-rad p«_M«c«wa-jt *■
D MOO Rsoms-900 With Bath Attaohad- 0
0 Ail tt&Oar Ona J_tn____s_*.«o_, Q
D ,; OT_ THS PaiOlt: (01
DEaropcMt r_-n.i1.00 p«r d*7 sod »wwrd Z
amtrtcifl Plan 8.00 pat day aoA -»w_^_ 9
(J Correstion-etic. Sol kilted. g
jj JOBM 0. tiaiPASBIOX, _C_m»c«.. «
.000000000.0000000
i «_S^ inmninm VfTALIS
S|J3l^_; VITALIS
iX^lk \if% THE NEW
Rr^iothD.! •*->«? i. FRE NG Hn
VITAUS «*■*»■ ••*- -« pcejEnV
TKOUltts THB ABOVE SOth Day. IT CM CII lit
B-MILTS.  ^'" * '*'*!? I « I r__ serTo_«_«M. Impotency.
RJC-Uy Emutiont, En! Drtams Wutlng S]«um acd all effect!
cf st.f.abuaa or --xo*i» and iafiiteratioa. B»rtores Lo»t TlUiity
Pow« and Hll Ist Memory. Wartit off Insanity and Cob-_ob.
Mon. Carts when ail otitia fall. Intltt on h»Tl_f VITALIS.
no other. Can be carried in the T«tt pooket. Br mall 91,00
><•: package or ita for «5.00 with a fnaranta* to Care or
 ".-U, e Montr, areolar Fraa. Addreta
« ALIMET CURE CO., 994, DearbonSt., Clilcaa*
Eold by Owl Drag Co,, B. Si ftnd Oak___4.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
heat futures lower.
Barley declined.
Oats, -Corn and Rye dull.
Beans quiet and unchanged.
Alfalfa Seed lower.
Nothing doing in Hay.
Feedstuffs unchanged.
; Potatoes" and Onions Arm.
, Vegetables unchanged.
Butter weak and Eggs very firm.
7 Poultry doing better. Game firm.
• Limes scarce. Other fruits plentiful.
■Dried fruits still dull.
• Provisions unchanged.
Hides quoted firmer.
. Wool and Hops unchanged.
"; Mutton and Lamb advanced.
Beef and Pork firm.
Oils unchanged.
RECEIPTS OF WINE AND BRANDY.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy at this port
in ISPS were as follows, compared with 1897:
Of Wine. 16,498.228 gallops, against 12.350,728;
Of Brandy, 485,398 gallons, -against 229,210.
DRY GOODS TRADE.
• c '" The Imports of foreign Dry Goods at New
o °. ..York for December were valued at $7,017,600, |
"7 :; against $5,203,800 for the same month ln 1897 ■
and $8,665,800 ln 1596. The movement at the
same jort for the calendar year of 1898 was
: as follows:
Imported. Marketed.
1887 $118,725,100 $124,796,700
•1898 91.654.000 85,546,000
; y With one exception, the Imports last year
show a smaller total value than ln any other
, •■ for the past "twenty years. In 1894 the total
. • was only $90,389,793. The heaviest year was
• ; $146,146,500 in 1890.
.7 '" NEW YORK DRIED FRUIT MARKET.
7 The New York Commercial says, under date
Of January 4: The raisin situation ls less j
satisfactory than dealers might wish, but it
Is generally believed that all supplies of Pa- j
cifies will be readily absorbed during the j
spring demand without Injury to the trade. j
Prices remain steady, even though demand ls j
7: •small and distrlbu^on confined principally to I
retail orders. There Is no interest In clusters, i
and layers and foreign goods are wholly i
neglected.
• Prunes are quiet, orders being mostly small, I
though the aggregate Is satisfactory for the j
 season. Large sizes are practically unobtain- |
able, except from second hands ln small lots, t
Holders are indifferent, and make no con- I
.• cessions. Shipments from the coast are only!
,; three or four cars a day. The general posi- I
tion Is so much better than usual at this sea- j
.- : . son that prices are firm on all sizes, and busi- i
ness is conducted upon the supposition that [
quotations will ultimately advance.
Peaches are unchanged. Supplies In all posi- :
tions are Email, and practically unobtainable, ;
except at high figures. Exporters make no
Inquiries, being prevented by high prices. Hold
ers are confident that enlarged demand will
cause Increasing quotations, and are not try
ing to attract business by offering at shaded
prices.
Apricots are held in small lots ln second
hands It Is said that a few are obtainable
from first hands at high prices, but no definite I
% statement of location accompanies the report, :
■ ' and • most handlers are skeptical. Some ex- [
. port Inquiry is noted, but insufficient to create
•/.much interest, and trade is confined prlncl- :
7 pally to retail business from Jobbers' stores.
o •.-.: I ALASKA PACKERS' ASSOCIATION.
: ' ' .' At a meeting of the Alaska Packers' A sso
elation held at their office. 308 Market street,
V yesterday, the following board of directors
• Teas elected: Henry F. Fortmann. president;
•'.Charles Hlrsch and Sidney M. Smith, vice
; presidents: W. B. Bradford, secretary; D.
Drysdale. assistant secretary; E. B. Pond, G.
• -Niebaum, Isaac Llebes and George W. Hume. ;
• directors: Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Bank, treas- I
' .«r*r. Following is a statement of the condl- i
tion of the association at the beginning of the |
• new year:
ASSETS.
. Canneries and fishing stations $2,564,000 01 j
' '.' Inventories 990,872 27
'Unexpired insurance 5,31145
•.Bills receivable 887,564 27
" Floating property 425,000 00 '
;• Cash on hand 57,429 28 I
" Total $4,350,177 28 1
•'• I - - -.' LIABILITIES.
*. Capital stock $3,120,000 00 '
.•Open accounts (employes, etc.) 68,885 74 I
• *. Profit and loss 432,000 00 |
.•" Insurance reserve fund 320,794 81
• Contingent reserve fund 408,495 73
/■-. Total $4,350,17723 I
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
- SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 10. sp. m. '
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall ln last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 16.11
Red Bluff 3.14 10. 6.27
Bacramento 0.80 6.61 6.04
San Francisco 0.78 6.68 4.42
Fresno 0.82 3.32 2.11
San Luis Obispo 1.98
Los Angeles 1.46 2.26 8.36
Ban Diego 0.20 1.97 2.36 1
Yuma 1.32 1.01
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature, | '
53; minimum, 44; mean, 48.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL I
FORECAST.
Owing to the severe storm most of the tele- |
graphic reports are missing this evening. The j
rain has been general throughout the Pacific
Coast States, and heavy in California. The
rain has extended Into Southern California dur
ing the day and has been heavy in the vicin
ity of Los Angeles.
The pressure is now rising rapidly at San
Francisco, which may cause a temporary clear
ing to-night or Wednesday. The pressure has '
remained unchanged on the Washington coast
and the wind Is still east, which shows that
the storm has not yet passed to the eastward.
" , Storm southwest signals are displayed along
• " the coast of California.
• The following high winds are reported: Sac
ramento, forty-eight miles per hour, from the
•' . south; San Francisco, 4S, southwest; Los An
/■Eeles. 30, east, and San Diego, 32, southeast.
Conditions are favorable for a temporary
c clearing m California to-night to Wednesday
.' .followed by rain Wednesday evening or night'
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
•..hours ending midnight, January 11:
, " *Nprthern California— Showers Wednesday
.. • brisk to high southerly wind.
Southern California— Rain Wednesday; brisk
'..'.' to high southerly wind.
,; ' Nevada— Snow Wednesday.
.." Utah— Snow Wednesday. "
•,'""" Arizona— Rain in southern portion; snow In
o • .northern portion Wednesday. ■■
" ."San Francisco and vicinity— Showers Wednes
.•. day; probably temporary clearing In the morn
"• Ing: brisk to high southwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official -
EASTERN MARKETS.
.„ • NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
. .. NEW YORK. Jan. 10.-For the first time ln
•'the history of the Stock Exchange there was
tradlns in over a million shares on two suc
cessive days, to-day being the fifth million
- .share day in fifteen days.. Practically all the
railways except Atchison preferred showed
gains of a point at one time or another In the
day. In the late selling movement, when the
' specialties were hammered, some of the ad
vances were lost, and in special cases, as ln
.' Missouri Pacific and Kansas and Texas pre
ferred, 'the entire gain was wiped out. Most
of the grangers touched the highest prices yet
reached in the current movement. The most
conspicuous advances among the railways were
*" the Great Northern preferred, which made an
extreme gain of 6Y , and Manhattan over 3 and
Readings 2 each. The extreme rise among the
• specialties was that of New York Airbrake
10%, while Standard Distilling, Standard Rope
and Federal Steel lost ground. There' was a
' tone of confidence at the opening, although
there was evidence of much foreign and do
mestic recessions which, however, .were quickly
. recovered generally. The prices of most inter
• national stocks were shaded,' and it was esti-
JJ mated that London sold some - 60,000 shares
mostly Atchlsons, while there were some pur
chases from that quarter of Chesapeake and
• Ohio and Southern Railway. Altogether it ls
estimated that the arbitrage business of yes
terday and to-day footed up to 190.000 shares
Total sales of stocks to-day, 1,030,600 shares
, Including 60,820 Atchison: 39.620 do preferred
' 8500 Central Pacific; 29,810 Chesapeake and
. Ohio; . 12,200 Burlington; SSBE Denver and Rio
Grande preferred; 5130 Great Northern pre
ferred; 34,450 Louisville and Nashville; 19 550
Reading preferred; 44,670 Missouri Pacific
-27,637 Northern Paclflc; 8355 do preferred; 12 270
Reading; 14,-40 Rock Island; 16,900 Union Pa
cific; 36.310 St. Paul; 18.587 Southern; 30.310 do
preferred; 7600 Texas and Pacific: 11,500 Union
Pacific; 10.700 Tobacco, 25,200 Steel; 6400 do pre
ferred; 29,000 People's Gas; 5400 Colorado Fuel
and Iron; 3133 General Electric; 6600 Pacific
' Mall; 8400 Rope and Twine; 67,200 Sugar- 11800
Leather; 11,300 do preferred; 6800 Rubber; 15*320
St. Louis and Southwestern preferred.
A number of high-grade bonds were sold for
Continental account. California shipments of
money to this center, which had considerable
Influence on the market last week, were said
to be continued.
Some of the most Important Interests In the
street were prominent buyers on the early re
action. These purchases were largely con
fined to the grangers.- This was accompanied
by some realizing In other quarters of the
market. Federal Steel was heavy and less
prominent than usual In the day's business.
Transactions in bonds were at least $3,000 'WO
below yesterday's total. . Profit taking was
evident In some of the more speculative is
sues, but high-grade mortgages - were well
maintained.
High grade mortgages were well maintained
end advanced generally. Total sales, $5,670,000.
United States new 4s, the old 4s registered
and the 6s registered declined % and the 3s %
In the bid price. The 5s coupon advanced %.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 21% St L & S W 8%
Do prefd 55% Do prefd 21%
Baltimore & Ohio. 48 St Paul 122',«
Canada Pacific 86 Do prefd 166%
Canada Southern.. 55 St P & Om 94%
Central Pacific .. 43% Do prefd 163
Ches & Ohio 27% St P M A M 180
Chi A Alton 169 'So Railway 11%
Chi B A Q 126% Do prefd 44%
Chi A E 111 64% ! Texas & Paclflc... 19%
Do prefd 113% Union Pacific .... 44
Chi G W 15% Do prefd 73%
Chi Ind & L SH U P D A G. 2d
Do prefd 32' i assmt paid 13%
Chi A N W 141% Wabash 8
Do prefd 185% Do prefd 23%
C C C A St L.... 46 | Wheel & L E. 4th
Do prefd 96% assmt paid 7%
Del A Hudson 110 I Do prefd, 4th
Del L A W 157 j assmt paid 28
Del A Rio G 19% I Express Companies-
Do prefd 68% Adams Ex 108
Erie new 15 (American Ex 143
Do Ist prefd 38% I United States .... 57
Ft Wayne ISO Wells Fargo 125
Gt Nor prefd 151% Miscellaneous-
Hocking Val 2%|A Cot Oil 34%
Illinois Cent 114% Do prefd t>B%
Lake Erie A W.... 19% Amn Spirits 14
Do prefd 72% Do prefd 38
Lake Shore 196% Am Tobacco 146%
Louis & Nash .... 6.'.% Do prefd 137%
Manhattan L 105% , Cons Gas 192
Met St Ry 190% Com Cable Co 173
Mich Cent 11l Col F & Iron 35%
Minn & St L 37 Do prefd 91
Do Ist prefd 96% Gen Electric 101
Mo Pac 45% Haw Coml Co 67%
Mobile A Ohio .... 37 Intnl Paper 63%
Mo KA T 13% Do prefd 93%
Do prefd 38 Laclede Gas 64%
N J Central 98 Lead 38%
N V Central 123 Do prefd 113
N V Chi A St L.. 14% Nat Lin Oil 8
Do Ist prefd .... 73 Pacific Mall 45%
Do 2d prefd 36% People's Gas 112%
Nor West 18% Pullman Pal 162
No Amer Co 6% Silver Cert ......... 69%
No Pacific 44% Standard RAT.. 10%
Do prefd 77% Sugar 126%
Ontario A W 20% Do prefd 111%
I Ore R A Nay 4S T C A Iron 63%
Or Short Line .... 43 US Leather 7%
Fac Coast Ist pfd. 85 Do prefd 72%
Do 2d prerd 63% U S Rubber 47'
i Pittsburg ISO Do prefd 116%
! Reading 22% West Union 95
Do Ist prefd .... 54% Brooklyn R T .... 88%
! R G W 31% Fed Steel 52%
Do prefd 68% ; Do prefd 53%
Rock Island 114% Or Nay prefd 70%
St L & S F 9 |Pac Coast 45
Do prefd 66%; Colo Southern 8%
I Do 2d prefd 34 Do Ist prefd 66%
'. So Pacific 34% I Do 2d prefd 23
CLOSING BONDS.
i U S 3s 107% N V Central 15t5. .114%
I U S new 4s reg.. 12:*% N J C 5s 113%
Do coup 129% North Carolina 65.123
U S 4s 112 Do 4s 103
Do coup 113% No Pac lsts 114%
[ Do 2ds 99% Do 3s 69%
US's reg 113% Do 4s 101%
Do 5a coup 112% N V C A S L 45.. .106%
i District 3.65s 118 Nor A W 6s 125
: Ala class A 107 Northwest consols.l4s
Do B 107 Do deb 5s 118%
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 113%
Do Currency 100 O Nay 4s 100%
Atchison 4s 100% O S Line 6s tr....130
Do adj 4s 79% O S Line 5s tr....109
Can So 2ds 110 Reading 4s 86
C A O 44s 02 R G W lsts 92
Chi Term 4s 94 St LA I M Con 106%
I C & Ohio 5s 117% St L A S F Gen 65.122% I
[CHAD 4%s 104% St P Con 160%
D& R G lsts 108 St PC A P 15t5. .119
D A R G 4s 100% Do 5s 119%
! East Term lsts ..107 So Ry 5s 105 I
Erie Gen 4s 72% Standard R A T 6s 87%
F W A D lsts tr. 86% Term new set 35.. 95 j
Gen Elec 5s 109 Tex Pac L G 15t5. .109%
i G H A S A 65.... 107 Do Reg 2ds 47% i
Do 2ds 103 U P D A G lsts.. '.'2
II ATC 6s 110 Wabash Ist 5s ....118%
Do con 6s 110 Do 2ds 96 !
; lowa C lsts 107 W Shore 4s 110%:
La new consols 45. 108 ' Va Centuries S3
LAN Unl 4s 96 Do deferred 8 I
Missouri 6s 100 Wis Cent lsts 62%
M X A T 2ds 65% U P 4s 103%
Do 4s 93% Colo Southern 4s .. 47%
MINING STOCKS.
j Choliar 14 Ontario 6 87
Crown Point 12 Ophir 45
[ Con Cal A Va.... 1 20 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 43 Quicksilver 1 25
Gould A'Curry.... 24 Do prefd 450
Hale A Norcross.. 5' Sierra Nevada ... 70
Homestake 60 00 .Standard 2 00
; Iron Silver TO Union Con 27
; Mexican 27 Yellow Jacket .15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. .
Money— Atchison prefd ... 65%
Time loans 204 Bonds-
Time loans 80*4 Atchison 4s 99%
Stocks— Gen Elec 5s 108
A T & S Fe 21% Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 127 Allouez Mm Co .. 6%
Do prefd 112 Atlantic 34%
Bay State Gas 3% Boston & Mont ...278
Bell Tel 277 Butte & 805t0n.... 87%
Boston & Albany. 23o Calumet & Hec1a..635
Boston & Maine.. 170 Centennial 10%
Boston L 84 Franklin 22%
Chi Bur A Q....126% Old Dominion .... 37%
Fitchburg 111% Osceola 82%
Mexican Central.. 5% Quincy 147
N V & N Eng 99 Tamarack 199
Old Colony 198 Wolverine 37%
Rubber 47% Parrott 37%
Union Pac 44 Humboldt 2%
West End 92 Union Land 12%
Westlngh Elec 43% Adventure 9%
Do prefd 63% Winona 15
Ed Elec Tel 195
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 10.— Money on call, steady
at 2%02% per cent; last loan. 2%; prime mer
cantile paper, 303% per cent; sterling exchange
strong, with actual business in bankers' bills
at $4 84%04 84% for demand and $4 82©4 22%
for sixty days; posted rates, $4 BB@4 83%; com
mercial bills. $4 81; silver certificates, 69%0
I 60% c; bar silver, 59% c; Mexican dollars, 46% c;
[ Government bonds, irregular; State bonds, In
active; railroad bonds, Irregular.
i — — — ———,
CONDITION OF THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
: Available cash balance, $293,577,013; gold re-
I serve, $238,717,094.
LONDON STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were dull at the opening,
fearing sales from Paris, but prices there were
firm, though there was less business. Amer
icans again occupied the chief attention. Lon
don bought from the start. Brokers' business
was not very large, but there was heavy house
trading. New York was Inclined to sell at the
start, but later sought big blocks and the
close was excited at the top. Morgan Interests
led all day. Heavy options were offered in Cen
tral Paclflc and Atchison preferred, the latter
at half for the single option to end with the
month.
Copper shares were strong. Tlntos made a
fresh record at 32%. Anacondas were 66%.
Part of the gold engaged yesterday was
taken by the Lazards, part by the Rothchllds,
Intended for St. Petersburg. Gold is in good
demand at 77s 10% d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Jan. 10.— Canadian Pacific, 88;
Grand Trunk, 7%. Bar Silver, 27% d per ounce.
Money, 1% per cent.
PARIS, Jan. 10.— Spanish 4s closed 46. 55.
LONDON, Jan. 10.— Spanish 4s closed at 46.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
36,219 barrels; exports, 2000. Less active and
weaker In tone.
WHEAT— Receipts, 252,800 bushels; exports.
40,000. Spot easy. No. 2 red, 79 7 ac f. o. b.
afloat to arrive. Options opened easy under a
break ln Liverpool cables, rallied on covering
and thereafter ruled irregular. Early senti
ment was bullish, but small clearances, a light
outside trade and a disposition to unload on
the bulges finally promoted weakness and the
market closed weak, %c net lower. March
closed 78% c; May, 74 13-ir,'@;75 I .c; closed, 74% c.
HOPS— Steady;. State common to choice, '96
crop, 70Sc; '97 crop, 11013 c; '98 crop, 18019 c;
Pacific Coast, '97 crop, 11013 c; '98 crop, 18©19 c.
. WOOL— Steady. .
METALS — No abatement was noted to-day
in the feverish strength of the market, nearly
all the departments showing further extensive
gains and continued activity, tin, as during the
past two weeks, leading in all respects. Senti
ment from the start was bulllshly Inclined,
and at the close offerings were very light, even
at the higher level, with buyers almost
panic stricken by the remarkable firmness ap
parent on all sides. News from the West and
abroad was fully as good as holders here had
anticipated and was no small factor In Induc
ing sellers to further advance asking rates. At
the close the Metal Exchange called:-
PIG IRON— Warrants firm at $8; nominal
LAKE COPPER-Strong and higher, with
$13 50 bid and $13 75 asked.
TlN— Strong and higher, $2160 bid and $22
asked.
LEAD— Strong and high, $4 10 bid and $4 15
asked. The brokers' price for lead ls $3 85
and for copper, $13 75.
SPELTER— $5 2005 35.
COFFEE— Options closed firm, unchanged to
5 points higher. Sales, 9500 bags. including
February, $5 50; March, $5 60; July, $5 85; Au
gust, $6; September. $6®sG 05; October, $6 05©
6 10; December. $6 15. Spot coffee— Rio, steady
No. 7 Invoice. $6 56; No. 7 jobbing, 7%c. Mild
steady. Cordova, 7%©15 c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm, but not quotably higher
Fair refining, 3 13-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test, • 4
16-16 c bid. Molasses sugar, ! 3 9-16 c. Refined
steady. ■ ■......•■ , »
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— BUTTER— Receipts",
8716 packages; steady. Western creamery. 15
®21c: Elgins, 21c.
EGGS— Receipts, 4759 packages; steady. West
ern, 23c; Southern, 23c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED. APPLES— Common. 7%©Be;
prime wire tray, 6%®8%c; choice, 9@9%c;
fancy,. 10c. , ■ .
PRUNES— 3%@IO%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll©14o; Moorpark. 13®18c.
PEACHES— 9©llc; peeled. 21023 c. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUABT 11, 1899.
• • CHICAGO MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. Weakness and lower
quotations at Liverpool, notwithstanding the
firmness displayed here yestetrday, started
wheat a trifle lower. There were a few buy
ing orders at the start, however, and as there
was very little wheat for sale, May, which
opened %©%c lower at 70%©70%. climbed slow
ly and laboriously to 71% c. When the Initial
buying orders were out of the way, prices be
gan to weaken, and May ' sank irreeularly to
<0%©70% c. Heavy arrivals were given as the
cause of a decline of %©%c at Liverpool.
Speculative activity from the outside was
sadly and conspicuously absent, and even the
local crowd appeared tired of trying to guess
the next vagary of a market swayed alternately
by a dull shipping demand and certain posssl
bllitles connected with European dependence
on this country for supplies. Russian stocks
of wheat were reported at 19.334,000 bushels!
against 14,600,000 bushels December -1 and 16.
--000.000 bushels a year ago. More favorably
weather was reported from Argentina and thy
crop situation there was said to have greatly
Improved, with prospects of a large export
from that country. The market was de
pressed . by the average bearishness of the
Information, and May declined to 70%©70% c
and closed at Jo%c.
A poor cash demand and a large accumula
tion of stocks weakened corn. Puts yesterday
were close to the market, and they tended to
prevent any Important break. May closed
%c lower.
With no selling pressure and a scattered out
side demand for July, oats ruled firm. May
closed a shade iowe»
An improved export demand for meats and
higher prices for hogs strengthened pro
visions. The early advance was modified some
what by the heaviness of grains, but some of
the day's gains were still adhering to the
market at the close of the session. May pork
and ribs advanced 5c each and lard 2%c
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. I— . ,
January 67% 67% 67% 67%
May 70% 71% 70% .0%
July 68% 65% 68% 68%
Corn No. 2— , . 
January 34% 35 34% 34%
May 36% 37% 36% 36%
July 57% 37% 87% 37%
Oats No. 2— ._V, _,
May 27% 27% 27% 27%
July 26 26% . 26 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 9 72% 9 72% 970 970
May... 10 00 10 07% 9 97% 10 02%
Lard, per 100 pounds— * " . ■".:,
January • •••• , °°°
May 570 6 72% 6 67% 570
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
January 4 75 4 75 4.5 4 75
May ..5 00 505 600 600
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet and steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
67S6Sc; No. 3 spring wheat, 64%065c; No. 2
red. 71c; No. 2 corn, 33% c; No. 2 oats. 2b .0
27c; No. 2 white, 29030 c: No. 3 white. 2s»_i(i
29c; No. 2 rye. 64% c: No. 2 barley. 41052 c; No.
1 flax seed, $1 10%01 11; prime timothy seed.
$2 39- mess pork, per barrel. $9 .-©9 80. lard,
per 100 pounds, $5 5003 52%; short ribs sides
(loose). $4 6504 95: dry salted shoulders (boxed),
4%®4%c; short clear sides (boxed), $4 9u©j. 0-,
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
$127.
Articles- Re^}P n ta ' Shlpm c Ts t ?n
Flour, barrels 42.5C0 61.800
Wheat, bushels J39.000 63.600
Corn bushels 502.000 231,400
oat": bushels ::::: 2.-.7..00 198.800
Rye. bushels 15.000 2.. 000
Barley, bushels 66,000 __*_
On the Produce Exchange to-day the but
ter market was easy. Creameries. 14®20c: dai
ries, 12018 c. Eggs, dull: fresh. 21022 c. Cheese,
steady; creameries, 9%©11 c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments. I
Pities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 225.760 34.030 [
Duluth 109.2.-7
Milwaukee 64,400
Chcago ... 139,500 63.688 j
Toledo .. 26.134 7.500
St Louis.. ".000 54.000
Detroit 9.03** T.6M
Kansas City 71.000 48,590 j
Totals 662.08S 205,269
Tidewater- i- ,•'•>■'' * .- nnn ,
Boston 105,478 6.-.000 j
New York 252,800 40,031
Philadelphia
Baltimore 70.487 _ ....-
New Orleans 72,000
Galveston 118,552
Totals
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— -Mar. May.
Opening 5 10% 6 9%
Closing 5 10% 6 8%
PARIS FUTURES. '-'.. .'. .'. -
Flour— Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening 45 50 46 25
Closing 45 75 46 50
Wheat- 2135
Opening 21 35 21 90
Closing 21 60 22 00
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— Special cable and tel
egraphic dispatches to Bradstreet's Indicate
the following changes in available supplies last
Saturday: Wheat. United States and Canada,
east of the Rockies, Increase 931,000 bushels;
afloat for and in Europe, Increase, 800,000 bush
els.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Jan. 10.— The average quality of
cattle marketed to-day was poor. Sales were
on a basis of $404 25 for common up to $3 500
680 fcr the best kinds received. A few fancy
steers sold, at $5 8006; mediums, $4 80-B*s 10;
beef steers. $404 75; bulls, $2 5004 23; cows and
heifers, $3 3004 10; Western fed steers, $105 60;
Texas steers, $3 2504 75; calves, $3 5007.
HOGS— Trade in hogs was quite animated at
an average improvement of oc and some es-
pecially attractive offerings sold at an ad
vance of 7%c. Hogs sold all the way from $3 35
for the commonest lightweights up to $3 80
for prime heavies; bulk at $3 6503 75; fair to
choice. $3 6503 80; packing lots. $3 4303 62%;
mixed. $3 4603 70; butchers', $3 4503 75; lights,
$3 3503 67%; pigs. $3 50.
. SHEEP— There was a fairly active demand
for sheep and prices ruled steady for light
weights, but heavy lambs and sheep showed
a decline of s©loc. Native sheep sold at $2 73
04 15; ewes, $3 3503 60; heavy sheep, $3 800
3 SO; yearlings, $404 65; lambs, $3 7505 12%.
Receipts— Cattle, 3000; Hogs, 25,000; Sheep,
16,000.
•«• ' KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts,
9000; market steady to strong. Native steers,
$3 7505 50; Texas steers, $3 1004 85; Texas cows.
$2 2603 15; native cows and heifers. $1 7504 16;
stockers and /feeders, $3 1004 60; bulls, $2 65®
4 26.
HOGS— Receipts. 18.000; market strong to 6c
higher. Bulk of sales. $3 4003 65; heavies. $3 60
! 03 75; packers, $3 4503 65; mixed, $3 3503 6:.;
, lights, $3 2503 60; yorkers, $3 4003 60; pigs, $3©
' 3 35.
SHEEP— 4000; market firm. Lambs,
$305; muttons, $304 15.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Jan. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2500;
market steady to 10©15 c lower. Native beef
steers. $4©4 60; Western steers, $3 8004 50;
Texas steers, $3 6004 20; cows and heifers,
$3 2504; eanners, $2<ff3; stockers and feeders,
$3 70@4 50; calves $406 75; bulls, "stags, etc.,
$2©3 SO.
Receipts, 8600; market 6010 c higher.
Heavy. $3 55/57*3 60; mixed, $3 4503 60; light,
$3 4603 50; nigs. $303 30; bulk. $3 6003 62.
SHEEP— Receipts 2500; market strong. Na
tive muttons. $3 7004 25; Westerns, $3 60©4;
stockers, $2 6003 60; lambs, $405 10.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— Cotton, firm; mid
dling, 6 l-16c.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. Cotton, firm;
middling, 5 5-lCc.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jan. Consols, 110%; silver.
! 27 6-16 d; French rentes, lOlf 42% c; wheat oar
goes oft coast, nothing doing: cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; English country
markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. js Jan. WHEAT — Steady;
wheat in ■ Paris, firm; flour In Paris, firm;
French country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 6-224,
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 10. — WHEAT— Spot,
j steady. No. 1 red northern spring. 6s %d; No.
2 red Western winter, stocks exhausted.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
. PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 10.— Exchanges, $193,
--605; balances, $26,783'
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 10.— The local wheat
market* Ib steady at about 60c for Walla Walla
and 62c for Valley, with Blue Stem quiet at
63c. These are given .as outside quotations,
and while It is not possible to buy very much
] wheat at a less figure, some dealers will' not
quote over 69©59% c for Walla Walla.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. Wheat, un
changed.
•
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
i Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5........ — $4 82%
Sterling' Exchange, sight ......... — 4 85**,
Sterling Cables '..— , 4 86%
j New York Exchange, sight — -.15
I New York Exchange, telegraphic j — 17%
! Fine Silver, per ounce •';-_ . 59%
j Mexican' Dollars.. 47%048
WHEAT . AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The copious rains have
stiffened the situation and ships can no longer
be obtained under 26s 3d, though no spot busi
ness Is reported. • The chartered wheat fleet ln
port ' has a registered tonnage of 8634, against
41,823 tons on the same date last year; disen
gaged, 26.777 tons, against 23,122; on the way
to this port, 110,000 tons, against 160,000.
WHEAT— Weaker foreign markets - and the
heavy rain have depressed futures, as will be
seen. The spot market Is unchanged, but dull
and weak. . .- 1 -. ...
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 13%©1 15; milling,
$1 17%@1 20. . *«*_..
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May — 10,000
ctls, $1 17%.
Second . May— 6o.ooo ctls. $1 17%.
Regular Morning . Session — May— ctls,
$1* 17%.
Afternoon Session— l4,ooo ctls, $1 17%.
BARLEY— The' rain has weakened the market
all around. Sellers are glad to let Feed go at
$130. . / - .•-.
Feed, $1/1; ,;0i 30; Brewing, $1 3501 45 per
ctl. /
/ CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
/Afternoon May— 2ooo ctls, 89% c; 8000,
,49c. -
i OATS— The market continues dull at un
changed quotations.
Fancy Feed, $1 3501 37% per ctl; good to
choice, $1 3001 32%; common. $1 27%: Surprise,
$1 4001 45; Gray, $1 3001 35; Milling, $1 32%0
1 35 per ctl; Red, $1 5501 65; Black. $1 6001 75.
CORN— There Is little demand at the moment
and prices are unchanged.
Small round yellow. $1 20: Eastern large yel
low, $1 12%©1 15; white. $1 12%©1 15; mixed.
$1 07%@1 10 per ctl; California white, $1 12%0
1 15.
RYE— California is steady at $1 20. No more
Eastern here.
BUCKWHEAT— '
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— extras, $4 1504 25; bakers'
extras, $3 9004.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices ln sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 23: Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 2503 60; Buckwheat
Flour, $404 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Boiled Oats
(barrels). $5 8506 25; ln sacks, $5 C 506 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The rain has stopped all trading ln Hay at
the moment and the market ls therefore nomi
nal. Bran and Middlings are unchanged.
Rolled Barley Is weak, ln sympathy with the
raw product.
BRAN— SIB 50019 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2OO23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $26 503*27 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31031 60;
Jobbing, $32032 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24025; Cot
tonseed Meal. $28030 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 600
24 60: Cracked Corn, $24025.
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat, $17 50019 for
good to choice and $16017 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat. $15 500
17 50; Oat, $14016; Island Barley, $14015; Al
falfa, $12013 50; Stock, none; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $14015; Cheat,
$12 50013; Alfalfa. ; Oat. $14015; Clover,
$11 50012 50; Timothy. $12013 50 per ton.
STRAW— 3SO7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Alfalfa Seed ls dull and lower. The other
Seeds are nominal. Beans are quiet and un
changed, and there ls no longer any speculative
demand. V ,'./.„
BEANS— Bayos, $1 8502; Small Whites. $20
2 15; Large Whites. $1 7501 90; Pinks, $1 95©
2 05; Reds, $3 1503 25; Blackeye, $3 7504; But
ters. $202 50; Li mas, $3 25©3 35: Pea, $2 2502 40;
Red Kidneys, $2 4002 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 5004 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard, $4 25; Flax, $202 25; Canary
Seed, $2%02%c per lb; Alfalfa, 6%©6% c; Rape,
2%02%c; Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy, 505% c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 5001 75; Green, $1 75
©1 85 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions are Arm at the advance.
Vegetables are unchanged.
POTATOES— 7S©SSc per ctl for Early Rose;
83c0$l per sack for River Burbanks; Petaluma
Burbanks, Ssc©sl; Oregon, $I©l 35; Sweet Po
tatoes, $1 75 for Merced; New Potatoes, 203% c
per lb.
ONIONS— 76O9Oc per ctl; Oregon, $101 10.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 8c; String
Beans, 8910 c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes, 76c0
$1 25 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, 10©12% c per
lb; Garlic, 7c per lb: Dried Okra, 15c per lb;
Green Peppers, 405 c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10
@15c; Marrowfat Squash, $S©lo per ton; Car
rots, 25035 c per sack: Mushrooms, s@loc per lb
for common and 15020 c for buttons.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Eastern Is selling at 15016 c for Turkeys, $4 50
©5 for Ducks, $2 for Geese, $505 60. f0r Hens,
$5 fOOt for Roosters, $4 50 for old Roosters and
Broilers, and $5 for Fryers. Another car goes
on to-day, making four thus far this week.
Local stock is in light receipt and firm.
Game continues to bring good prices under
light arrivals.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 16@lSc; live
Turkeys, 15016 c for Gobblers and 14016 c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 7502; Ducks. $505 50;
Hens, $405: young Roosters, $5 5006; old Roost
ers, $4 50; Fryers, $5 60©6; Broilers, $505 50 for
large, $4 5005 for small; Pigeons, $101 25 per
dozen for old and $1 75©2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 25; Mallard. $405; Canvas
back. $406 60; Sprig, $2 6003: Teal, $1 6001 75;
Widgeon,. $2; Small Duck, $1250150; English
Snipe, $3; Jack Snipe. $1 50; Gray Geese. $3;
White Geese. $125; Brant, $1 6002; Honkers,
$405: Hare, 75c; Rabbits, $150 for Cottontails
and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS,
Butter continues weak, but there is no fur
ther decline. Cheese remains unchanged.
Eggs are rather scarce and the medium and
lower grades are in brisk demand and firm at a
slight advance.
BUTTER
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 25026 c; seconds.
23024 c. * .
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 21023 c; common
grades, 18©20 c,
Pickled Goods— 17018 c; pickled rool,
17018 c for dairy and 19020 c for creamery
squares; creamery tub, 22(522'-jc.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, lGOl6>Ac for
lb; Elgin, 22022% c.
CHEESE— mild new, ll%012c; old, 10
©lie; Cream Cheddar. 12012% c; Young Amer
ica, 12f?13c; Eastern, 10012 c.
EGGS— Eggs, 34036 c per dozen; sec
onds, 31033 c; store Eggs, 27%©32% c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The market is almost bare of Limes, but Is
heavily overstocked with Oranges and Lemons,
which are dull. Apples continue plentiful.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35060 c for common, 75c05l per box
for No. 1 and $1 2501 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, $1; Apples, in barrels, $508.
Pears— per box.
Persimmons— Nominal.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $102 60 per
box; Seedlings, 75c05l 50; Mandarins, $101 25;
Lemons, 75c<Til 50 for common and $203 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $506; Cali
fornia Limes. 25060 c per small box; Gripe
Fruit. $102 60; Bananas, $1 2502 50 per bunch-
Pineapples, $3©5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
The market continues stagnant at nominal
quotations. A review of the New York market
appears in the first column. Chestnuts are
plentiful and lower.
DRIED FRUIT-Prunes, 6%c for 40-50's. 4%0
6c n for 50-60' s, 3%03%c for 60-70' 2%03c for
70-80' 2%®2%C for 80-90' s, 2c for 90-100' and
I%_U%C for 100-110's; Silver Prunes. 2ftosc-
Peaches. 6(g7%c for good to choice, 7%©Be for
fancy and 10©12% c for peeled; Apricots, 10012 c
for Royals and 12%013%c for Moorpark; Evap
orated Apples, 7%©7% c; sun dried, 40*4 %c-
Black Figs, sacks. 2©2% c; Plums, 4%06c for
pitted and l©lftc for unpltted; Nectarines, 6©
7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6©Be for quarters
and So9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown. 6%06 l ,'-c . for Seed
less Sultanas, 4%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers: Dried Grapes. 2?io3c
NUTS— Chestnuts. 708 c per lb; Walnuts'
7©Be for hardshell, 9010 c for softshell- Al
monds, 708 c for hardshell, 13014 c for softshell
15016 c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 607 c for East
ern and 4%05c for California; Cocoanuts $4 50
05.
HONEY— Comb. 10011 c for bright and So9c
for lower grades; water white extracted. 6>_@
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, s©s*"-ic
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24O26c per lb.
_ 1
PROVISIONS.
Lard continues firm and In demand, but the
other descriptions are dull.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7%c per lb for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light, 10',_c
for extra light and 12012Hc for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10©10% c; Cali
fornia Hams, 90 1 9% c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12 50- extra
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess. $15 60©
16; Smoked Beef, 11%012c per lb.
LARD — quoted ,at s',i@6c per Ib for
compound and 7%©Sc for pure; half barrels
pure, B%c; 10-lb tins, SVfcc; 5-lb tins, B%c. " '
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6V»06%c; packages
less than 200 lbs. 1-lb pails, CO in a case 9%c
--3-lb pails. 20 in a case, S%c; 5-lb palls. 12 In a
case. S>.c: 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, B%e; 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL* AND HOPS.
Hides are r-uoted rather firmer and In better
demand. Hops are unchanged. A local circu
lar says of Wool: "There Is no business to
be reported. The buyers, who bought perhaps
1,000,000 pounds ' through the month of De
cember, have filled all their orders and for the
present are out of the market. The Eastern
market seems to have a fair share of business
to report, but it is done at low prices, with
no ' probability :of improvement for many
months to come, as the stock of wool to draw
from. at seaboard points and in the country ls
estimated at 290.000,000 pounds..*
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, B%c; Cowhides,
B%®9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. B@B%c; . Calf.
B%c: dry hides, sound, 15@15%c; culls and
brands. 12% c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry
Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15©2Jc each;
... *, .  „,„_ *.. .,...-„ ...*.-.».. ...-»-„ - ......
short wool, 30040 c each; medium, »jO08Oc; long
wool, 90c©$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 *5
02. f0r large, and 75c for small; Colts, 50c;
Horse Hides, dry, $1 50 for large and 50c©$l for
small. , ■ \ • -
- TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%®3%c per. lb;
No. 2, 2%c; refined. 4%@5c; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Spring Southern Mountain. 12
months', 709c; -San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months', S©9c; Foothill and Northern, free. 12
<r?l4c: Foothill and Northern, defective, 9©llc;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14©15o ; Nevada, 9©
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10<S_2c.
Fall Wools— '
Humboldt and Mendocino "'? 11
Northern Mountain 7 © J
Southern 6© <%
Plains •••• 6© 6
HOPS— IB9B crop, 12%@14c per lb for ordinary,
14%015%c for good and 16018 c for choloe to
fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%©5 c; Wool Bags, 26©28 c; San
Quentin Bags, $4 85.
COAL- Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5: Wallsend $7 »0;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $8 5009 ln bulk and
$10010 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg. $14; Cannel, $8 60 per ton; Rock Springs
and Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in
bulk and $14 ln sacks. • _ ' .- •
CORDAGE— ManiIa. 9%c; Sisal, B%c; Duplex.
7%c basis.
CANNED FRUITS— $1350150 for
black and $1 5001 80 for white; Peaches, $1 400
1*76; Pears, $1 45*^1 60; Apricots, $1350150;
Plums, 95c©$l 15. ■ vf- „
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 85c@$l 25;
Asparagus, $1 6001 75; Tomatoes, 85®90c.
COFFEE — Costa Rica, 15©16 c nominal for
prime washed; 13%@14%c nominal for good
washed; 12%©15 c for good to prime washed
peaberry; 114j11%c for good peaberry; 11%© 13c
for good to prime; 10© lie nominal for good
current mixed with black beans; 9©10% c for
fair; s%<fiS%c for common to ordinary. Salva
dor— 11013 c nominal for good to prime washed;
B©loc for fair washed; 10%011%-c for good to
prime washed peaberry; B%c nominal for su
perior unwashed: B©B%c for good green un
washed; 9%@10c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— S©B%c nominal for good
to superior unwashed; 9%©10 c nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala
and Mexican— l6%©l7%c for prime to fancy
washed new crop; 14%@16c for good to strictly
good washed new crop; 11%014c for good to
strictly good washed old crop; 9011 c for fair
washed old crop; 7@B%c for medium old crop;,
6©6% c for Inferior, to ordinary old crop;. 10©
ll%c for good to prime washed peaberry old
crop; 9%010c for good unwashed peaberry old
crop; B©B%c for good to superior unwashed old
crop. r'v_ - ;
PACIFIC CODFISH— 4c: cases, se
lected, 4%e: Imitation Eastern, 6%c; boneless,
5%c; strips, 6%07»_c; blocks, 5%®7c; tablets,
7%c; middles, 6%®S%c per lb: defecated, 87% c
per dozen; pickled cod, barrels, each, $8;
pickled cod, half barrels, each, $4 50.
LEATHER— SoIe Leather, heavy. 25028 c per
lb; Sole Leather, medium, 24©25 c: Sole Leather,
light, 23@ 25c; rough Leather, heavy, 24025 c;
rough Leather, light. 23024 c; Harness Leather,
heavy, 30036 c; Harness Leather, medium, 27©
30c; Harness Leather, light, 26@2Sc; Collar
Leather. 14©16 c per foot: Kip, finished, 40045 c ;
per lb; Veal, finished, 50055 c; Calf, finished. 75c
©II; Sides, finished, 16017 c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits. 14016 c per lb; Rough Splits, 8010 c.
California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 95c;
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
Linseed Oil. ln barrels, boiled, 54c; raw, 52c;
cases. 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels, 56c; No. 1, 46c; cases, 6s more; China
"Nut, 45055 c per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, 65c: cases, 70c; No. 1, barrels, one;
cases, 60c; Sperm, crude, 60c; natural white.
40c; bleached white, 45c: Whale Oil, natural
white. 40c; bleached white, 45c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white and house colors, $1 25©
135 per gallon; wagon colors, $202 25 per
gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA— White Coal Oil, In bulk, 12% c per
gallon: Pearl Oil. ln cases. 17% c; Astral Oil,
17%.*; Star Oil, 17% c; Extra Star Oil, 21% c;
Elaine Oil, 22% c; Eocene Oil. 19% c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 14% c: In cases, 20c;
Benzine, in bulk. 13% c; cases, 18% c; 86-degree
Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; ln cases, 23c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz.
7%c; 6s, 14 ox, 6%c; 6s, 12 oz, 6c; 6s, 10 oz,
5%c. Granite (Mining) Candles— 6s, 16 oz, 9%c;
6s, 14 oz. s%c; 6s, 12 oz. 7%c; 6s, 10 oz, 6%c;
Parafflne Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s, 6s, 12s, white,
B%c; colored, 9%c.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 607 c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 64c; in iron barrels,
59c: In wooden barrels, 61c per gallon.
— Boiled, barrels, 49c; raw, barrels,
47c; cases. 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— S4I per flask for local use
and $37087 50 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, 5%c: Con
fectioners' A. 5%c; California A. 5%c; Magno
lia A, 6%c; Extra C. 5%c; Golden C. 5%c: half
barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes %c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or its equivalent.
LUMBER
LUMBER—RetaiI prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. $15 50018; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood. $17 for No. 1 and $14015 for No. .2;
Lath, 4 feet. $2 2002 30: Pickets, $14; Shingles,
$1 35 for common and $2 23 for fancy: Shakes.
for split and $10 60 for sawn; Rustic, $16
©21.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef ls firm at full figures. Mutton and I
Lamb are higher and strong. Some Spring
Lamb has appeared, selling at 12%013c per lb.
Veal and Pork stand the same, but Hosts are
firm and are bringing top quotations. The
trade look for firm prices all around from now
on, as the rains will make feed and stockmen
will thus be enabled to hold their cattle, and
sheep. . * '. • • -
• Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%07c; second quality,
6©6Hc; third quality. 4%©5% c.
VEAL— 6%©7% c; small, 6%©Be per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%OSc; Ewes. 707% c.
LAMB— B©B%c per Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4f?4!4c for large, 4%04%c
for medium and 3%04c for small; stock Hogs,
30-3% c; dressed Hogs, 607 c for prime.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, January 10.
Flour, qr sks.... 5,981 1 Hides. No ?«"
Potatoes, sks .. 272 Butter, ctls .... SS
Bran, sks 553 1 Cheese, ctls „
Mustard, sks .. 431 Eggs, doz 1,740
ll.iv. tons 145 1 Leather, rolls .. 38
Pelts, bdis 75 Wine, gals 35,300
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 616! Hay, tons 10
Potatoes, sks .. 6001
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 4001
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 301.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were dull and not materially
changed. 77^. ,; :--7-
Local securities exhibited the usual amount
of business and there were- no pronounced
changes, except a sharp recovery ln Contra
Costa Water to $62 50.
The California Dry Dock Company held Its
annual meeting January 9. The only change
In the board of directors was the election
of George S. Wright In place of H. Dutard.
The old officers were re-elected, consisting of
A. Borel, president; William Babcock, vice
president: William F. Russell, secretary, and
John J. Beaton, superintendent.
The Silver King Mining Company of Utah
has declared a monthly dividend of 25 cents
per share, amounting to $37,500, payable Jan
uary 10. This Increases the total amount of
dividends jaid to $1,800,000.
The Arnold Mining Company has levied an
assessment of $3 per share, delinquent Jan
uary 25.
The Pacific Surety Company has declared a
quarterly dividend of $1 60 per share, or at
the rate of 6 per cent per annum, payable im
mediately. . >.' ■■.:■■
The Justice Mining Company reports $2624
cash on hand January 1. ,
The annual meeting -of the . San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company i has been called
for January 24.
The Bank of California has declared a quar
terly dividend of $3 per share, payable Jan
uary 18. . >
The San Francisco Land and Improvement
Company has levied an assessment of $5 per
share, delinquent March 6. ,
The Apollo Consolidated Mining Company of
Alaska paid a dividend of 40 cents per share
on January 10. The company held its annual
meeting January 9 and re-elected the old board
of directors, consisting of G. Nlcbaum, W. L
Gerstle, Leon Sloss, W. W. Gollin and G. C.
King, Gustav Nlebaum was re-elected presi
dent, Walter W. Gollin, vice president, and
Louis Sloss Jr. secretary. •
• The Utah .Consolidated assessment of 5 cents
per share will be delinquent in the company's
office to-day. V;. .:,;:■ 7 _':
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Jan. 10.
Bld.Ask. ! Bid.Ask.
Bonds— -;:v Cent L & p.... 16 is
4s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co.. 13 13^
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas... 49 60
4s quar new... — — Pac Gas Imp... — '
3s quar c0up. .107 Pac L Co 47% 50
Miscellaneous— |3 FG & E 85 86%
Cal-st Cab 65.. 112 — San Fran 3% 3*4
Cal Elec 65....125%127% Stockton Gas., 11% 14
C C Wat 55... .104% — Insurance—
Dup-st cX c... — 98%|Flrem*s Fund. 2ll —
EL & P 6s. 131 — , Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry .114 — Anglo-Cal 64% —
Geary-st R 55.. — 102 Bank of Ca1.. .256 —
H C & S 5%5.. — 105 Cal S D & T..101 —
LAL Co 65... 96 — jFlrst Nation!.. 224 230
Do gntd 65... 98% — 'Lon P & A.... 133 .—
Market-st 65. ..126 — Mer Exchange— *16
Do Ist M ."5.115%116% Nev Nat 8nk.176 —
NCN G R 76.107 . — .-. Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65.. .114 — Qer S. & L....1625 —
N Ry Cal .109% — Hum S & L..1050 1160
NPC RR Cs.— 108 Mutual Say..'.. — 4214
N PC R R 58.100 — If? F Say U.... 46 —
N Cal R R 6s. 95%106 'tf & L 50....... — 100
Oak Gas 55... .109 112 [Security S 8..300 350 ,-
Om Ry C5......127%128% Union T C 0... 1060 — ..'
P & Cl Ry 65.. 104 — Street Railroads—
P & O 6s 109 — 'California .....113 —
Powell-st 65... 120 122% Geary 45 —
Sac El Ry 55.. — — Market-st — 80
SF & N P 65.109%109% Oak S L&H. — —
Sierra RCal 65.104%105%;Pre511i0 11; 11%
S Pof Ar 65...109%110 I Powder—
S P C65(1905-6)113%113% California .....150 —
BPC 6s (1912). 121% — 13 *■ Dynamite... 88% 97%
SPCIs eg ss. — 106 Giant Con Co. 59% 60
SPBr 6s — 124 Vlgorit *. 3% 3%
S V Water 65.H9%119% Miscellaneous—
S V Water 45.. — 103 Al Pas A-*5n...106%106%
S V W4s(3.lm). - — I Ger Ld .Wk5... 175 -
Stktn Gas 65. .102% - jHana PI C 0... 18% 18%
Water Stocks- HC A SCo 58 58%
Contra Costa.. 62 62% Hutch S P Co. 33% 33%
Marin Co 60 — Mer Ex Ass,.. 90 —
Spring Valley.lol%lo2 Oceanic. S Co.. 64 64%
Gas A Electric— Pac A A... 1% —
Capital Gas.... — - . Pac C Bo r Co. 100 -
Cent Gaslight. los — Par Paint Co.. 7 —
Morning Session.
Board— * -■'• ■". •*".'- <■ - \
. 5 Contra Costa Water 67 00
15 Contra Costa Water « »0
50 Hana Plantation Co « 25
100 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar 5.^25
60 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar * 12%
60 Hutchinson S P Co.". • ,34 10
$1000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds UK) Jfl
20 Oakland Gas *}» 0t
10 Oakland Gas *° »0
30 Oakland Gas « 00
25 S F Gas A Electric Co **6 ***
40 Spring Valley Water 102 00
$4000 Spring Valley 4 per cent bonds 103 00
Street —
30 Alaska Packers' Association ..107 00
$SOOO Market St Ry Con bonds. 5 per ct. 116 00
60 Mutual Electric Light 13 00
Afternoon Session. .
Board— . **«."* •"* ' „ —
60 Contra Costa Water J 00
25 Contra Costa Water fl 00
10 Contra Costa-Water «™
5 Contra Costa Water J** «_*
100 Giant Powder Con ™ 00
15 Oakland Gas *■> 0?
75 Oceanic S S Co M «
$700 U S 3 per cent bonds 107 °-
■ .•' - INVESTMENT BOARD. •
Morning Session.
Board- ' ,„„
$200 3 per cent quarterly coup new 107 00
70 Market Street 52?"!,/
20 Market Street £0 12%
100 Hawaiian • 58 °°
Afternoon Session.
.Board— „ '
200 Mutual Electrio If 25
50 Hawaiian ' °% 22
15 S F Gas A Electric., s 10 86 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales ln the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Choliar 16! 50 Crown Point ... 14
Afternoon Session.
400 Belcher 141100 Mexican, .'. 32
200 Best A Belcher. 3S 500 Ophir 62
200 Choliar 15 1 100 Sierra Nevada.. 76
600 Hale A Norcrs. 101100 Sierra Nevada.. 77
Following were the sales In the Paclflc Stock
Board . yesterday : ; . - . ; ;
• Morning Session.
200 Best A Belche. 361200 Potosi ........... 14
700 Con Cal & Va..l 25 700 Sierra Nevada.. 73
260 Con Cal A Va..l 30 700 Union Con .... 30
200 Crown Point.... 14 500 Utah 11
200 Gould A Curry. 23 1 Savage 08
200. Ophir 49 300 Yellow Jacket.. 19
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 15 300 Overman 05
100 Best A Belcher. 37 200 Potosi 14
100 Challenge Con.. 12 200 Sierra Nevada.. 76
200 Overman ...:.... 06 1 400 Utah 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Jan. 10—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con .... — 04 Julia — 01
Alta — 06 Justice 11 13
Andes 05 06 Kentuck 11 12
Belcher 14 15 Lady Wash .... — 05
Benton Con 04 10 Mexican 31 23
Best A Belcher 37 3S Occidental .... 47 —
Bullion — 03 Ophir 61 63
Caledonia 19 24 Overman 05 06
Choliar 13 14 Potosi 13 15
Challenge Con. 11 13 Savage OS 10
Confidence .... 60 63 Scorpion — 03
Con Cal A Va.l 25 130 Seg Belcher .. — 04
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 76 77
Crown Point... 12 13. Silver Hill — 04
Con New York — 05 Syndicate 05 10
Eureka Con ... 30 — i Union Con .... 30 32
Exchequer .... — 03IStandard 2002 25
Gould; A Curry 24 26 1 Utah 10 11
Hale A Norcrs 09 10 Yellow Jacket. 18 21
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
In the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
:cioeniai
i-erman
. Gould A Curry
nlon
tab. I
ilia !
ides ,
lollar I
31
81
21
67
29
29
47
48
M
1
..N0v. 28 ..Jan. 23 10
..Dec. 11 ..Jan. 4 05
..Dec. IS 1.. Jan. 6 10
..Dec. 291.. Jan. 23 15
(..Jan. 7.. Feb. 1 05
..Jan. 29 ..Feb. 9 03
..Jan. 19 ..Jan. 24 05
..Jan. 24 ..Feb. 16 10
Feb. 3 ..Feb. 27 10
..Feb. 4 ..Feb. 28 15
vage I
lie & Norcrosn.j
London has one street seventy feet long*,
being the shortest street in the city. j
THB" CALL'S CALENDAR. 7
January. 1899.
8
10
We
4
IT
IS
6
Sa-
-1 7
Moon's Phases
CLast Quarter
*L January 4.
12
19
14
21
24
/2v New Moon.
V*/ January 11.
•^ First Quarter,
.P January 18.
©Full Moon.
January 24.
17
34
II
25
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide ls the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11.
Sun rises 7:25
Sun sets 5:11
Moon sets  0:00 p. m.
O Time Time Time Time
£ 1 1 Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft.
.<» LWI HW LW HW
... 4:03 3.0 10:10 6.6 5:19—1.2 1
H W L W IH Wl L W
... 0:24 4.9 4:5S 2.8 11:05 6.5 6.02
... 1:04 5.1 5:55 2.6 12:00 6.2 6:46
... 1:44 5.4 6:54 2.3 12:56] 6.1 7:31
... 2:25 5.5! 7:55 2.01 1:56 5.3 8:16
... 3:06 5.6 9:01 1.7 3:00 4.7 9:03
... 3:50 5.6 10:11 1.4 4:12 4.3 9:51
....
— 1.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given ln the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day ln the order of occurrence as to time The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
nnd the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of th» lowe^ low waters
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N ' Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco.' Cal
January 10. 1899.
The tlmeball was not dropped to-day on ac
count of failure to receive signals from the
Mare Island Observatory.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Colon Panama j an 11
Progreso (Seattle '.'.'.'.'.'.Jan. 11
Washtenaw ....Tacoma Jan" 11
Leelanaw Seattle "."!!! IJan' v
Weeott lYaqulna Bay '.','. an " 11
Bristol Departure Bay Jan' 11
Mariposa (Sydney j an * jj
Chilkat. (Humboldt '.'." j an " 11
Alliance 'Portland ' ijan 12
Czarina IPuget Sound '.". a n! 12
Umatilla (Victoria & Puget Soi/ V. Jan. 12
Santa Rosa San Diego..' jan 12
Point Arena Point Arena '.'..'.'.'. Jan' 12
Samoa Humboldt jan 12
Pomona Humboldt ! Jan 12
Areata Coos Bay Jan. 12
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Jan. 13
■ Coos Bay Newport Jan. 14
Wyefleld... Nanaimo IJan. 14
Crescent City... Crescent City (Jan. 15
State CallfornlalPortland Jan 15
Chas. Nelson... IPuget Sound |Jan. 15
North Fork IHumboldt IJan. 16
Corona San Diego Jan. 16
Mlneola.... Tacoma IJan 16
Empire Coos Bay .IJan. 16
Queen.; i Victoria & Puget Sound I Jan. 17
Orizaba. (Newport iJan. 18
City of Sydney. 1 Panama IJan. IS
Columbia 'Portland 'Jan. 20
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Destination.
lustralia ..(H0n01u1u...... (Jan. 11, 2 pm Pier 7
Valla Wall! Vic & Pgt Sd. Jan. 11, 10 am Pier 9
dona IPoint Arena.. (Jan. 11, 3 pm Pier 2
..Blanchard.Coos Bay Jan. 12, 10 am Pier 13
"hilkat — Humboldt .... Jan. 12, 2 pm Pier 13
)riaaba . ... Newport [Jan. 12, 9 am Pier 11
alliance ...[Oregon Ports. Jan. 13, 10 am Pier 20
•olumbta ..Portland...... Jan. 13. 10 am Pier 2J
Veeott ....ICoos Bay Jan. 14, 10 ami Pier 13
anta RosajSan Diego Jan. 14, 11 amPler li
't. Arena.. [Point Arena.. I Jan. 14, 3 pm Pier 2
areata [Coos Bay 'Jan. 14, 10 am Pier 13
'omona ...IHumboldt Jan. 14. 2 Pier 9
taracao ... Mexico Jan. 14, 10 am Pier 11
Jmatllla .. Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. 16, 10 am Pier 9
oos Bay... Newport Jan. 16, 9 am : Pier 11
>orlc Chlna& Japan Jan. 17, Ipm PMSS
! orona ISan Diego |Jan. 18, 11 am] Pier 11
-olon Panama [Jan. IS, 12 m PMSS
i. W. Elder] Portland 'Jan. 18. 10 am Pier 24
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographio
Office, located ln the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
of interest to ocean commerce. »• .
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 320 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
ln the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, January 10.
Stmr Orizaba, Olsen, 70 hours from New
port (S).
Stmr Noyo, Daniels. 24 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Columbia, Green, 66 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 56 hours.
IT S stmr Hugh McCulloch, Hooper, 56 day«
from Cavlte. via Shanghai 41 days, via Yoko
hama 26 days, via Honolulu 9 days.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, January 10.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Chas Nel
son.
Stmr Walla Walla. Wallace, Victoria and
Port Townsend; Goodall. Perkins A Co.
SAILED. :',7
Tuesday, January 19.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, Coos Bay.
CHARTERS. _:' 7f
The S N Castle, Vine and W G Irwin load
mdse for Honolulu.
The Gen Banning loads mdse for Mazatlan
and ' San Bias.
.TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 10, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN.
Nov 1, 31 S. 46 W— Br ship Clan Galbraith
from London, for San Diego; Nov 4, 4 N ' 25
W— Nor bark Skjolc, from Hamburg, for Santa
Rosalia.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan Stmr Areata, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Bruns
wick, for .
CASPAR— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Jewel, hence
Jan 9.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— CIeared Jan 9— Ship Roanoke,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Jan 9-Stmr Tacoma;
from Hongkong and Yokohama.
DUBLlN— Arrived Jan 9— Br ship Leyland
Bros, from Tacoma.
CHEEFOO— Arrived off port prior Jan 10—
Br ship Garnet Hill, from Oregon
MELBOURNE— Arrived prior jan 10-Schr
Novelty, from Oregon.
WALLAROO— Arrived Dec Schr Defiance,
from Grays Harbor.
ALGOA BAY— Arrived Dec 13— Br ship Clan
Macfarlane. hence Sept 3.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived Jan Haw schr
Honolulu, from Cape Town, to load for Hono
lulu.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Jan Stmr City of Syd
ney, for San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
j_^t_. Steamers leave Broadway
I K_^C?i'%k wharf, San Francisco:
1 _S ; ii}^^>».__. For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
i _sri__3w-i Jan " n i6, 2l, 26 ' 31: Feb. 5;
i R^__U_i^-_ change at Seattle.
! ffiaK^^Jjnl For Victoria, Vancouver. (B.
I r^^^_^S_«_i c '' Fort , '' own Seattle,
Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
■ ""'lift and New Whatcom (Wash),
10 a. m.. Jan. 11, 16. 21. 26. 31;
Feb. 5. and every iflfth day thereafter: change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.;
at Vancouver to C. p. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Jan.
14, 19, 24, 29; Feb. 3, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford, (San Luis Obispo*),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., Jan. 12, 16, 20. 24. 28; Feb.
1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Jan. 14, IS. 22. 26. 30, Feb. 3, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Jan. 14, Feb. 9,
Mar. 9. Apr. 6.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to changa
without previous notice, steamers, sailing .date*
and hours of soiling-.
TICKKT OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). -'•' " • •■
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. in.
I CARP * 12 First Class Including Berths
rHnL S8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails Jan. 3, 13, 23, Feb. 2.
State of California sails Jan. 8. 18. 28. Feb. 7.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
yi-iy Superintendents.
COOK'S TOURS
—TO—
HAWAII
January 25, Februarys, 22, March 5 and 22.
FARES $150 and $235.
All expenses Included: first-class * throughout.
Programmes free of THOS. COOK & SON.,
621 MARKET ST., San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m . for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. ■
NIPPON . M £ ¥;; —..Wednesday. Jan. 25
AMERICA MART' Tuesday Feb. 21
HONGKONG MARU ...Friday, March IT
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
! freight and passage apply at company's office,
| 421 Market street, corner First
I W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
Compagnie Generale Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
(FRANCE). Sailing every SaTurday <#g*N
at 10 a. m. from Pier **■ North SHIMS
River, foot of Morton street '
LA BRETAGNE . Jan »l
LA NORMANDIE ....7.7. ' Jai-?* 28
LA GASCOGNE J !2i, -_
LA CHAMPAGNE..... 7777 * "&h ii
LA BRETAGNE * I*?' tl
First class to Havre. $05 and"upwa*rd 5 per
Havre 6 «? 1 T,7' n 1 i Hp Second class P ?S
"S^JfjJS?" ' " ''*""* ** ent reduction round trip.
AVn^'vi'nf^ir 1 ' FOR UNITED STATES
A } CANADA 3 Bowling Green. New York.
•«/■ -. F GAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast Agents ft
Montgomery aye.. San Francisco. A * enta ' !)
PSSSfiBf 5* S . AUSTRALIA
S a K_iSa_iSr, Ea "'' for Honolulu
2_9 Wednesday. January
— — ->. 11. 1599, at 2 p. m.
t_-mchin i ~ The s * s mari-
3cdi_Sn D^ fOSA sails via Hono-
/?- m mi lulu and Auckland for
lOUlKjfllUjP Sydney Wednesday.
-^ * - , Jan. 25, at 10 p. m
~ COOLGARIE, Australia, and CAPB
TOWN, South Africa. <-•<"»
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents. '*
w . x-. -.... „ li * Montgomery street.
Freight Office— Market st., San Francisco.
TOUR WITH COURIER TO
JAPAN AND CHINA
Leaving San Francisco Feb. 11, 1899. ' -,-..;
Send for book containing full particular*.
RAYMOND & WHITCOMB,
61 Crocker building, San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
for v. s. nayy-yardTnd vallejoT
Steamer "Monticello."
M _ n A* Tues -. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. except Thur.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ....10:30 a, m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pier 2.
.';.-- Telephone Main 1&0&,FIRST CHOICES
WERE SWEPT IN
BY THE GALE
Midian Was the Only
: 1; Beaten Favorite.
SLOPPY SPORT AT INGLESIDE
it-osebeau galloped IN at
/■ : -7: 12 to 1.
Jennie Reid, a 100 to 1 Shot, Ran
7 Second to Sardonic Jerry Hunt
.*.'•* Not Fast Enough for
Horton.
The fierce storm that swept over the
ty* yesterday k<?pt many away from
igJeside and the racing was conducted
Mer anything but favorable conditions,
ac race was declared off and ln the other
/.,.'. i'H-i.i.u-u favorites were successful on
: :* oVcasions. The exception was Rose
au, the - ill ly carrying Harney Schreiber's
ilors to the front In the last event at
*dsi*of l- to 1.
ji;p:ator, from the stable of Walter
• :i!U;-s, was linally given an airing in !
:.''-op"iung six-furlong sprint for maid- j
..-'. ;"&.». Thfc gelding was a prohibitive favor- j
* >t..";£'iVii. won with pounds to spare. Bevoy ,
t . ••i\ .t!ie place handily from Paul Krugef. ',
7Y..h'e 'sis-furlong selling affair for 3-year
■.,lv:s'*that followed proved an easy win
•for ..-'Horton. At post lime Jerry Hunt
ruled jjtearly equal favorite with Smith's
. ciitt"* • The latter led to the stretch, where
■" Horton' picked up the running and was
ea^d.'ilp at the wire. Silver Beaux wad ,
.thi-'i; Several lengths behind Jerry.
. t-ij' '.the. six starters for the mile and a.
'sixteenth . selHng purse the chances of I
'Hardly looked most favorable in the go- i
llrpg.'&nd the mare closed a -i to 5 favorite I
! wjth Cromwell next in demand. The
first .choice .lid not show in front until
?tne-"_end for bom* was reached, after
.wliiVh she was never headed. H. Martin
on .-Cromwell made a bold Lid at the end, |
being beaten but a length. In a drive i
Cjrpy.hurst secured show honors from
Lodestar. T .."-7." ' .'■■'.]'■
"i-Ed-Corrigan's useful mare, Sardonic, |
•Wade; short work of her field in the mile |
• belling run, fourth on the card. She was
'•held a 1 to '1 chance in the books and, in
'■ir'i-.in before half the distance had been
•r-eeled -off . won in a gallop. Jennie Reld. !
'•a- -iOo'.to l-ehot' with a stable boy named
.l.ou.iriier up. finished second.
• • Another mile selling event concluded the
.•flnVsuacing. Midian. with Martin in the
■saddle' was sent to the post favorite, but, '
.'breaking last of his field, was never
prominent. Rosebeau, ridden by Jack
Ward; made all the running and turned
. 'jip the easiest sort of a winner. The 50
' to. 1 outsider, All Smoke, was second,
three lengths ahead of Milt Young.
Track Items.
-." /''Skeets" Martin narrowly escaped be-'
7 IngVs-uspended yesterday. The judges did
.■•tiot-like his ride on Cromwell, and but for
the friendly and timely intervention of
• J'liV'Dunne and Ed Purser after the raft
' ';ng was over "Skeets" would undoubtedly
have had the pleasure of sitting in the
'.. grand. stand for a time.
;' Jack Atkins could not resist the tempt
ing odds laid against Jennie Reid, backing
• the tilly for the place at odds of 40 and '
'sTjO to-]-. -.The mare ls a full sister to Scar- j
• borough] and .lack formerly owned an in- I
• teresl in that horse. He is [so hooking
hunder the name of Scarborough Club.
*'. Mr. Caldwell's work so far this meeting ;
with the gate has sen of a high order.
His only mistake yesterday was a rather
straggling send off in the mile captured
by Sardonic. - • j
To-Day:; Entries. |
•;' First race — Six furlongs; selling:
*-. 4>'>4 Schnitz it' 180 Castake 99
474 Ricardo 107 445 Kamsln 102
. 142 Petrarch 107 (488)Fenier ..' 109
• 437 Dr. Sharp., 102 ... The Dipper .... 104
ISO. Fig Leaf - 1051 ...Lorena II 105
'•Second race — Five furlongs; maiden four-year
* olds an-1 up; selling:
.* : 4T<3 -Paul Kruger ...tit's 493 Sevoy 103
.4.17 Eppinger *.106 l * ....Flushlngton ....103
'; 4_S Sokdmbeo 103 482 Henry C 106
*- : 4<:9 G oetlie 103 1 • :
" .Thirl' racp— One and an eighth miles; three
.- J y earmolds- selling; the Presidio stakes;
•*.' '4*6 Rainier ....%./. 98 i (309)Obs!dian 105
'* 'V. 'Survivor 101! Balllsta 101
: 4'"'/'.i';is.iale 101 (493j Lavator I)S
1 • 4 -': .Jl fit ' Young .... 101 i
.*'''• ""v.uh'h mcc— Six furlongs; selling:
44'''**Vnv!a ICS- r4*-.r>)Don't Skip Me..
'4*59 lldltght 107 408 Sweet William..
'TZamar II 109 486 O'Connell 113
SSO Pat Morrissey ..ill
7 .-: . •
Fifth' race— One mile; selling: three-year-olds
.nrvl up: .
4?4.Jerry Hunt .... 96' 420 Rev del Tlerra.r.2
■*457-.*ti i 6Bgoli , .104 Mid Hardly 102
-. j... Ad. •Spreckels...lo7l
-." rjxth: rac*f— One and a quarter miles; handl
•cup-.-..' .-; -..'.
. Ztf Knpelllto lll,(496)Sardonio , 90
(40/I.) Red Glenn ......109!
:'■"/:■ Selections for To-Day.
- -First- race— Fig Leaf, Dr. Sharp, Petrarch.
'.-..•• Sefqr*fi race — Flushlngton, Henry (', Sevoy.
''•'•T'lVlrrl race Lavator, Obsidian, Casdale.
..•: Fou-rflt race— Mldllght, Pat Morrissey, Sweet
'..w-jriifl'm.,'; ;
7" 7 ■ ■'...race— Rcy del Tierra, Hardly, Adoiph
.•RptjjclcelV.
'-. . SlVth] race— Red Glenn, Sardonic, Mor*llito.
. Tfa'th'er Sheehy's rare stereopticon views
afj-lrefarid at Metropolitan Temple to
»l?h*_ 7 *
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
' '•;- PALACE HOTEL.
3 T-T.Khhn, Stanford B Story, Belmont
T Minturn, Minturn T Kwonleton, N V
W: Minturn, Minturn H L Cheney, skaguay
T- Minturn Jr. Minturn R AY Truax, Skaguay
E W Wkdhams, Wash Q AY Clark, N V
Miss AVadhams. Wash C AY Myers. N V
Mips MclJarock, Term C Btimaon&w, Seattle
a .H Stephana. Stanfd F "8 Stimson, Seattle
H D Lloyd, Chicago F. F Stimson, L Ang
AV'B L!oyd, Chicago Q Off & v., L Ang
*H A Hoe, Detroit T Houghton, St Louis
AY ri Simpson. NY F H Drake. Toledo
J B Jones, Wash | D J Bowfleld, NaT
J Featherstone. Chicag It Klochman, N V
T Springer, Chicago J Lankenshelm, L Ang
E X Johnson, N _ I Mrs Robinson. Portid
A B Butler, Fresno |W H Massed, U S v
Mi's Butler. Fresno |Mrs McLaughlin. 8 Crz
H •Kcandrett, Minn His* McLaughlin. S Cz
It *" Soandrrtt. Minn S N Rocker, H Jose
.1 Fennell, Tehama E S Cone, Chicago
AY L Sti-tt, NY |E B Fanning. Chicago
E S .Wallace. Yreka P Zobleln, L Ang
I" C James. Spokane IF A King, Cal - ■ ■
GRAND HOTEL. ... - ' -. '
D I. Albert. Rockport AY AY Davis, S Lake
J '• A\ olft, Portland j Edna Davis. 8 Lake
7, « c^' d ,' ■ r '' nvf *r M Kaaeppa, B Lake
,* J* rlek .* }■*>* An *"* H *> Lawson. Orovllft
L n^l I ,! V W ■' Smith. cnurtland
V>. V' " *'-" An *\ B F Grew. Williams
J Maclay, Alameda A E Rookledee. 111
M J Hoggs & w, Caj Miss ii Frost chcgo
H Simmons, Woodlnd T Bently. Milwaukee
'. T.'A?. ? cl i^ L '- ndo , n . !a v^ j Bently, Mllwkee
.I'M Lad), Stockton C W Hill NY
A 11 Wright, Btocktn <• <* Burdick Or
& ?,l U 7Z' F hlc go 1J C Ruddock, T-kiah
f, 9-?, arles t 3 Cruz.G AY Carson, Spokane
■H G.. Allen. Sonoma |c Smith hi Paul
A B Cardrett, Minn IAV J Simmons &w Or
A Galloway, Spngfleld S F Felepello, s Jo_«
.C m Soule, Vancouver T M Bacon &w. Napa
.1 ,AI Tacgart, 8 Par ; J D Call. Stanford
J F Wright, w &sn,|Mrg A C Ulna. Cal
Nvv Miss Hinz, <•;,]
J F- Smith. Salt Lake F J Sims. N V
Mrs J F Smith, 8 Lke AY Series & w, Cal
Mary B Smith, S Lake. AY E Smith, Angel Id
Alice Smith, S Lake IAV Shaw, Sacto
W.Hart, Seattle i AY H Hopkins, Belmnt
• NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mis.s E Clarke, StLouls G Tayior, Spokane
V a Lindholm, St Paul 'H Bennington. Cal
B Ollley. Chicago Mies. Whitney, ValSpgs
i; '•:'• Bradley, lowa F Parker, A'allejo
F.C McDowell, S Jose J Howell, New York
•' Pray, Petaluma ' F H Converse, Manila
'I' A Rodman. Baltimor T. Murphy. New York
'W Malison, Courtland J X Sutton. Davlsvllle
3 Pierson. Fresno . P Murphy, Stockton i
,6.1 V Clo<v, Rochester J C Doyle, A'isalta
■■■ ♦ ■ ■
.Probably the most expensive set of false
teeth Known is that of the Nizam of
Hyderabad, for which he has "aid 7000
rupees to a Madras dentist. |
LAST FOOTBALL GAME
Alameda High School Team Will Meet the San
Rafael Eleven on Saturday.
WEATHER permitting, a great foot
hall game will be played next Sat
urday in Alameda between two of
the crack teams of the State,
namely, the Alameda High School team
and the San Rafael football team. /y y\
The Alameda boys whipped * every
eleven they met during the season, their
last grand victory being over the heavy
weight team representing the Reliance
Club of Oakland. The success of the Ala
meda team is in a great measure due to
the able playing of its captains, McCor
mick and Underwood, also to C. Weame
and Goldsworthy.
Doubtless a very large crowd of foot
ball patrons will witness next Saturday's
game. * ■ ' ■ ■
Among all the amateur football teams
Judge Borden's Estate.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late Judge Rhodes Borden
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK/ Tuesday, Jan. 10, 1899.—Twenty-sev
enth day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather rainy; track
sloppy. ■ •• '- * . ■
r.i'«i.> r. ?Jii:n, 1-1 i-smins juufr. •,_,...■*.> i . . .»,,!■.. x.x.v, wuki,
ACk*\ FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; maiden, three-year-olds and upwards; purse, $400.
'i* l -
I
index. Horse. Age. Weight, St.
Vim.
4m.
•Sim.
Str.
Fin.
.. Levator. 3 1091 1 ... 14 18 16 1 8 H. Martin.... 1-3 1-3
470 Sevoy, 4 11116 ... 6hi Jh . '2 6 28 Turner ....... '. 5 -6
473 Paul Kroner, ''<".'.'.. 112 3 ... £1 64 .^2 1% Fallehy i. 20 30
305 Bokombeo,4 IO9J 5 - ... 3.1J 4% •5 1. '• 41 ' tenner* .';.;.:.'■ 10 15
481 St Kristin? 3...:.. 99, 2 -'«.*::* '2h 111 3 1 5 4 McNlchols ... 12 15
307 Al'hala, 3 v 991 • - ... *- *% ' IVi ''•'-' .W. H. Martini 15 30
440 Defiant 4 .109 7 ... - 7h S2 8 2 71" Loulller .. 1100 100
Sidelong, 3 104 9 ... 4 h . 5% 4 2 S3 I. P0we11..... 30 23
404 De-Lbs Reyes.' 4... 111110 ... 9 - .9' 9 915 W. Narvaez.. 15 60
... Rags WhiUaker,.3.. 9*; 1 ... 10 10 10 10 IJ. Ward...... I 30 100
Time— Vi. :249i: "i. :4SVi; %. • 16%, Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s eh. g. by Salvator-
Hot Springs. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Lavator ran big rings around his company. . Sidelong was a hot tip from the rustic
regions. -*-.--■ -■.?•."": -';•■•>'"
Scratched— Eppinger 112. Cyaro 109, Glengaber 104. The Offering 99, Henry c 112.
ACkA SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Weight. St.
455 Horton 116 3 .
(477) Jerry Hunt 114 1
891 Silver Beaux 107; 2
455 Jingle Jingle 107 5 ; .
353 Abano .....101! 4
Weight.; St.
Vim.
4m.
V*m.
2 li
1 14
3 1
4 2
5
Vim.
%im.
2 3
1 2
3 Vi
4 20
" 5
Km.
Str.
Str.
1 4
2 10
.3 4
4 25
5
Fin. 1 Jockeys. [
14 |N. Turner
2 8 IPlggott I
3 4 H. Martin....
450 McNlchols ...
5 jHouck 1
Jockeys.
!
3-2
1 6-
-6 11-
-30 !
500 5i
Time— 4. :24; hi, 48% : 34. 1:16V4. Winner, E. F. Smith's eh. c. by El
Last. Good start. Won easing up. Second easily. Third driving. ,
Jerry Hunt closed up like an umbrella when it came to a pinch.
Scratched— Wing 105, Anchored 110.
A€\TSL THIRD RACE— and one-sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
*-t«7«3» purse 1408. "___ i^'iVs
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
Vim. Vim.
%im.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
456 Hardly. 4 102:5 3h 3% 11% 11 11%11 IW. H. Martin 6-5
447 Cromwell, 6 ;...H2 1 11 11*4 1 h 2 2 2 3 2 3 |H. Martin.... 8 :
484 Greyhurst, 5 ...11l 4 214 * 2 2h 4 2 3 4 3 4 Piggott 4
(881) Lodestar. 5... 106' 6 6 54 515 520 44 Rutter 8
(64 Lady Brlttanic, 5... 104; 2 424 4Vi 4 2 3h 41 610 I.Powell 10
.417) Collins, a 106 3 52 5 4 6 6 6 6 Joe Weber.. 15
Time— l-16, :07; 5-16. :32; 9-16, 57:-..: 13-16. 1:24; mile. 1:46%; 1-1-lff m, 1:524. Winner,
P. Fink's eh. m. by Imp. Candlemas-Pcrhaps. Good start. Wort ridden out. Second i
third driving. - - -'■• : ■, *■ , >'■■■' ■/. -_, . . . •'••,;. i--
After looking to be winning hands down. Hardly had to be ridden out. Cromwell,
stable claims, does not like the going. Lady Brlttanic ran a surprisingly good race. C
llns is a confirmed sulker. '• ' ' j.
6-5 ' 4
3 11
4
8 :
10 •
is :
ACkfi FOURTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, 1400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
him.
him.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
420 Sardonic, 4..'.. ......105 3 3Vi 23 ; 14 ... 16 IH. Martin.... 1
466 Jennie Ried, 3...... 90 6 6h 7*4 •-' 31% ... 2 2 Loulller li
480 Frank Jaubert, 6. . .112; 1 6 8 4h 4 4 ... 3 h J. Shields
986 Ping. 4 , lift 5 12 'lh. 2% ... 4 4 McNlchols ... :
473 Elidad. 4 .107 10 10 10 10 ... s>i JFallehy
472 Ulm. 3 ..'. 85 18 8h : 5Vi 7 2 ... 6 6 IHouck
470 McFarlane, a.. .....104 2- 2 h 3 1 910 ... 7 4 11. Powell :
479 None Such, 4. ...:.. .118 9 9 2 920 84 ... 83 IDlngley ...... II
410 Lena, 5 112 7 7 4 8 1 5 Vi ... 9 4 . Piggott
469 Ballverso, 4 .„ 10814 4 4 6 h 61 • 10 W. H. Martin I
Time— 1 ., :25%: Vi, "51%; %, 1:17; mile. 1:465. Winner, E. Corrigan's b. m. by M
Imp Sardonic. Poor start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Under the conditions. Sardonic had an easy thing of it. Elldad almost left at th.
. Lena had no speed. Ping can beat a band of cheap ones. ."•*.•"
Scratched— Doremus 85, Fellclte, 72. - . .
ACb*7 FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward;. purse, $400.
1-2 1-2
100 100
15 30
20 30
.8. 10
8 12
30 40
100 250
■■<B'-.-: 6
60 200
I .. Betting]
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. Vim. Vim. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. ■ CI..
428 Rosebeau. 3 9412 14 14 13 13 13 J. Ward fl ™
All Smoke, a 102 5 64 52 44 42 23 .Powell 12 ™
'" Milt Young, 5 92 4 41 3h 2h 2h 3h McNlchols ... 4 7.9
390 Dr. Sharp, 4 102 j9 • 6Vi 43 32 33 44 E. Stimpson.. 8 in
463 Whalcback, 3 92 6 9 82 . 64 52 6 6 J. Daly 15 M
403 Merops. 3 9713 22 2h .. 5Vi 610 68 J. Woods 40 100
426 Mldian. 4 10217 84 7 4 7h 7 5 7 2 H. Martin.... 4-6 3-5
417 Una Colorado, a... .1161 8 ■; 7 4 6h 86- 8 3 BIS Rutter 30 flo
474 Byron Cross, 4 ...... 99 j 1 3 h 9 9. ■. 9_ 9 W. H. Martin 40 100
Time— Vi. '25;; Vi. ■'!: 94, 1:17; mile, 1:45. Winner, B. Schrelber's b. t: by Flambeau-
imp. '.Fairy Rose. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Rosebeau was away well and made a gallop of It. All Smoke displayed good form
"With a stronger ride. Whaleback could have been Inside the money. Milt Young was a
trifle ; short. <■ The favorite did not like, the going. ':-".-/ v
Scratched— 104, Petrarch 116. ; -
Str.
Fin.
... ADVERTISEMENTS..
mU*6mH*WMl*aatom*fmWHa*s*i 9*****<*lf*tH&aaO&*o^^
Nature s Remedy for
Constipation
Bonjadl Jdnos
THE BEST NATURAL- APERIENT; WATER.
Insist on Raving tbe Genuine.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1899.
of the State there is none better deserv
ing of the laurels won in many hard
fought battles on the gridiron than the
San Rafael football eleven. Its latest vic
tory was over the San Francisco Pastimes
on the first Monday of the new year. The
game was played on a muddy field at San
Rafael while the rain fell In torrents.
! Neither team was able to score in the j
first half, but in the j second Halfback
Simms carried the pigskin past the Pas
times' goal line for a touchdown and fol
lowed with a goal kick.
This victory was won In the face of
two discouraging obstacles. The team had !
been reorganised and considerable raw j
material had been taken in only a few
days before the game, while the Pastime ,
team was composed of tried men, several ;
being Berkeley freshmen.
Among those who have specially distin
guished themselves are Halfback John
Dollar, son of the president of the Dun
cans Mills Lumber Company; Halfback J.
Simms and Fullback Alfonso Miller. Viv
ian Hoxie has also done some excellent
work. Dollar, the captain of the team,
is the youngest of the players, but to see I
him in action an observer would think I
he was witnessing the maneuvers of a j
' veteran. '
* ' ■' ** — '" '
j was filed yesterday. Grallard Storey,
John T. Thornton and Charles Cohn find
J that the estate is worth $1771 26.
BALDWIN WILL
PERPETUATE
A NUISANCE
To Put a Tin Roof on
Hotel Ruins.
WILL SELL AT HIS OWN PRICE
WAS TO HAVE ERECTED A
TWELVE-STORY STRUCTURE.
Has Changed His Mind and the Un
sightly Wreck Will Continue
to Be a Detriment to
Business.
l-V v 7 "-7 77..". :■ : 7'vyyy. "7 7-7 77 -. '- '.wyy./yy
B. J. Baldwin, who has been dividing
his time between Los Angeles and his
Santa Anita ranch for the last fortnight,
was seen last night by a Call correspond
ent in the southern metropolis and asked
what his plans were in regard to rebuild
ing on the burned hotel site. Baldwin
somewhat testily declared himself -in the
following terms:
"'I have abandoned my original plan to
construct any buildings on the site of the
hotel recently destroyed by, fire. It -was
my intention to erect a twelve-story
building, containing 1250 rooms. The
money to build this hotel was offered by
a New York trust company and amounted
to $3,500,000, which would have paid off
the mortgage and erected the building. ]
I have now come to the unalterable con
clusion for the present to fix up the un
destroyed stores ami put a roof over four
stories. If any objections are offered to
my determination 1 shall roof over. only
the first story.
"I consider the corner to be the best
and most valuable in the United States, :
and as long as the property is mine I
can do whatever I please with it. As far |
as selling it is concerned, I am not dicker- i
ing with any one with that view in mind.
The lot has been on the market, but It -
must bring my price or the sale will ;
never be consummated. Three months !
before the fire 1 held the property at
live millions. Offers of various amounts j
from two to three millions have been j
made, but I will reject them all unless |
they meet with my requirements."
From this it would appear that Bald
win will take his own time in improving
the unsightly structure which now has j
become a nuisance to the community. ;
Merchants along Market street have com- !
plained of his dilatory tactics in clearing
out the. debris, but their protests are In
vain, and from this latest expression of
intention on the part of "Lucky"
it seems that the ill-fated Baldwin Hotel
property will continue to be a disgrace
to the city and a detriment to the busi
ness interests' in that vicinity.
ANNUAL ELECTION OF
OLYMPIC WHEELMEN
OFFICERS AND I DIRECTORS OF I
THE CYCLING ANNEX.
Local "Racing Men Ar. Finding Much
Fault With the Garden City
Club Over Its Twice-
Postponed Meet. *
The annual election of. the -cycling an
nex of the Olympic Club*, was held last
evening: Up to a month ago there were
two distinct cycling bodies in the parent
organization— the .. Olympic Cyclers and
the Olympic Wheelmen. Now they have
both been joined together under the naina
of the Olympic Club Wheelmen. The elec
tion was a peaceful affair, and had the
appearance of a slate," there being no
contest for any offices. The result was
as follows: President, W. D. Shea; vice
president, John Hammersmith; secretary,
Horace V. Scott; treasurer, Robert R.
Russ; captain, Thomas G. Spillane; direc
tors, J. G. Fitzgibbon, Rudolph Scrtlueter
and T. B. McGlnnls. By this the Cycler
get the presidency and three directors
and the Wheelmen ail the other offices. It
is about an equal division between the
two factions. --"■ ,y.-> '-■-;■
Thomas G. Spillane, the captain, will
make an efficient officer. He is a son of
Police Captain Spillane and has once be
fore served as captain of the Wheelmen.
The selection is an excellent one. The
other officials are also equally well
chosen.
Leander Peckham of the Reliance Club
is again in town, after a tour of the
coast. He will be off again on another
trip in a few days.
The postponed Bay City-Olympic ball
game of the Cycle League series will
probably come off next Sunday, weather
permitting. . " . -=■ ,
Kenneth Melrose and Ivan Treadwell,
of the Bay City Wheelmen, leave to-day
on the Australia for a pleasure trip to
Honolulu. Treadwell took * <- opportun
ity yesterday to forcibly express himself
about the way the Garden City* Wheel
men treated him, and incidentally all the
other San Francisco riders in reference
to its twice postponed meet. On neither
occasion was a single word sent to this
city about the postponement, and Tread
well made the trip down twice for noth
ing About twenty-five riders and others
were at the Third and Townsend depot
last Sunday morning ready to go down,
some of whom were already on the train.
Fortunately the cycling editor of The
Call took the precaution before buying
his ticket to telephone to the San Jose
club, at considerable expense, and was
cheerfully informed that the meet was
postponed.' This happened twice within
a week, they having postponed from Jan
uary 2 to the Sth and then to the 22d.
The first time over a dozen went down
for nothing. .
Treadwell said to the reporter yester
day "I've raced on the San Jose track
for the last time. They will never get my
entry again. The least they could have
done was to have wired the Bay City
and Olympic clubs, where all the riders
came from, at a cost of 25 cents for each
telegram, "saving the meet was off. If
they don't care enough about us to take
this trouble, I for one am through with
them." . .. _. 
Mr Treadwell expresses the feelings of
all the riders who were entered for the
San Jose -meet. . , '
John Davidson of the Bay City Club
has a similar grievance. He telephoned
the San Jose club last Sunday morning
and was told that the meet would surely
take place. He and his two brothers
started to go down, but were advised by
The Call man to go back. They reluctant
ly did so, but declared they would hold
The Call responsible if the reporter's in
formation that the meet was off was not
straight. It proved to be, however, and
the Davidsons were much gratified.
STOPPING OF STREETCARS. 7
Boarding Points Will Be Indicated
By Signs in the Streets.
Within a few weeks the outer edges of
the car tracKs of the Market Street Rail
way Company on Market street, between
the ferry landing and Gough street, will
be decorated with big Iron plates bearing
the legend in letters or brass: "Cam
Stop Here."
This will be done in conformity with
the plan of having the cars stop only at
designated points, in order that time
schedules may be adhered to. There will
be seventy of these signs, thirty-five be
side the up track and tne same number
on the down track. Each plate will be
two feet wide and twenty-eight inches
long, and only at the points where they
are set into the ground. will the cars stop.
The new order of things will probably go
into effect a month hence.
Fell Through the Wharf.
The suit of Joseph Warren, who seeks
to recover $25,000 damages from the Board
of ' Harbor . Commissioners, was com
menced- before Judge Hunt yesterday.
Warren fell through a hole ln Brannan
street wharf and remained stuck In the
mud for eight hours, where he was found
by • a boatman, clinging to a pile and
chilled to the, bone. . He alleges that the
Board of Harbor Commissioners was, re
sponsible for the hole in the wharf and
asks that they be made to pay for his
suffering. • • 7-7'
NO TAXATION OP CHURCHES.
Exemption Amendment to Constitu
tion Proposed.
Among the bills .which the Legislature
will be asked to pass upon at the present
session is a measure providing that there
shall be submitted to the vote of the peo
ple at the next general election an amend
ment to "the constitution, exempting from
taxation all churches and chapels and the
land on which they rest. The bill is now
being prepared by the "California Society
.for the Exemption of Houses of ReligioUs
Worship From Taxation," which was or
ganized about a month ago for. the pur
pose of fathering the project. The of
ficers of the society are:
President, Bishop William F. Nichols, of
the Episcopal Church.
Vice president. Rev. J. W. Dinsmore, of
San Jose.
Secretary, J. F. Drum, of San Fran
cisco. ii. Vii ...
The executive committee is made up of
ministers and laymen representing every
religious denomination in the State. Peti
tions have been distributed all over the
State, asking for the passage of the bill,
and are receiving many signatures. As
soon as all these petitions are returned
the bill will be submitted to the Legis
lature .'£lMa^ffmWM&tHaWK
Every State in the Union, with the sin
gle exception of California, exempts
church property from taxation. The con
stitution of this State, however, provides
that all property must be taxed, and
therefore an amendment "to the consti
tution is necessary to exempt church
property. yv -,;,:
In 1553 a law was passed by the Legis
lature exempting this class of property,
and the Supreme Court twice declared
the law constitutional, but ln 1556 an ad
verse decision was rendered and the mat
ter has been allowed to rest there. In
but few of the Eastern States is the ex
emption limited to the church buildings
and the land on which they are built,
being much more sweeping.
The leaders of the movement are con
fident that the sentiment of the people
throughout the State is strongly in favor
of the proposfed measure, and they be
lieve that the Legislature will grant the
petition.
j COURSING PARK OFFICIALS.
Patrons of the Leash Who Will Look
Out for the Interests of the
Sport.
The Ingleside Coursing Club met last
night at Pythian Castle and elected of
ficers for the ensuing year as follows:
I President, D. Shannon; first vice presi
dent, David Dillon; second vice president.
Captain Clarkson; treasurer, William
! Hatpin; financial and recording secretary,
j Thomas Mcllugh.
There will be no change in the directors
i of the association, who are D. Shannon,
W. Halpin, C. Morris, D. Dillon and H.
i Deckelman.
The executive committee of the club is
' composed of T. McHugh, D. Shannon, J.
■ Larkey, W. E. Thompson, 'M. Treanor
| and P. J. Reilly.
P. J. G. MeKenna disposed of his en
tire kennel of dogs yesterday, including
; greyhounds and sporting dogs.
The Interstate Coursing Club elected
i the following officers last evening for the
ensuing year: President, I. F. Halton;
: first vice president, R. E. de Lopez; sec
ond vice president, It. K. Malcolm; sec
retary, R. E. Scott; treasurer. S. W.
Smith; executive committee J. H. Hal
ton, J. T. Rossetter, J. R. Dickson, C. C.
Griswold and A. L. Austin.
. <» .
Passed Bogus Checks.
August Schoen, a junk dealer, was ar
rested last night by Police Officers Rlor
j dan and Harris and was booked on two
charges of passing fictitious checks. It 1b
claimed he passed two bogus checks, one
for $9 40 and the other for $S 40, on Fred
Hummel, a butcher, and William Beck
man, a grocer. Schoen says he thought
the checks were genuine.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness, resulting
from youthful- folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. '77 7" v
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success
in all cases. A request to the State Med-
ical Institute, 193 First National Bank
building, Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The In-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who " writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain* package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
vdJ^l/ WHEN you
/^^^ ,;^f7^*^^. Require an ELEC-
K|^^VV^S|TRIC BELT get Dr.
Pierces" and you will
• n"<\Sß^^^f(\ not be disappointed.
*%X^ Call or address PIERCE
1X ELECTRIC CO., 620
Kirk*' si. (opp. Palace Hote), S. F.
I A PERMANENT CURE I
. . 5 ' of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
? and Gleet, guaranteed, in from 3 to 6 s
1 1 days; no other treatment required. 5
< Sold by all druggists. >
NERVITA^*3KoS7
■"- AND MANHOOD
Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
diseases, all effects oi self-abuse, or excess and
indiscretion. A nervctonic and blood'buiider.
Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and fix
stores the lire of youth. By mail 500 per
bozi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
guarantee to cure or refund the money,
ttcrvita medical co., Clinton « Jackson sts., £r-fca_<).
WALLER BROS., 33 Grant ave., San Francisco.
jf^\^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A-mmJm 625 KEARNY NT. Established
rM*lss£*iyi iii IS" 5 * 8 for the treatment of I'rlvata
HftJJb._Hr lipases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
B*gij|K^.V» disease wearing on bodyand mindand
'JSlKk'r*^"?! Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
__^_®_K^^ others fall. Try him. Charges low
3_V__3______ < «rr«giiai„nl«'c<l. Callorvvrita
3>r. J. IS. BBOfTt Box 2357. San auclsca.
AUCTION SALES.
ANTIQUE AND RARE MAHOGANY AND
ROSEWOOD FURNITURE.
LARGE MIRRORS'. BOOKS'. BRIC-A-BRAC!
PICTURES. ETC.! ;,: .: -.. \■ -.
'■' " : THIS' DAI.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY ...AT 11 A. M.
1809 STEINER ST., NEAR SUTTER.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market St.
■-. i ffi_l ■_rt.«ii,i.iMii._miiii.M in.liiHir nui iiwimin ■
OF" INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, lm*
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agenis.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of tks TaOawlmq Tlrma Phut Meatioa "The CalL"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
Artistic Furniture and firt Ware importers.
117 "SUTTER STREET.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM- SCBOENlNfi.gS'Cfd^ auppl>ed -
• BELTINO.
LP nFfiFIC Manufacturer of Belting and
. 1. 1/CUCH, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mls-
elon St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
_______________
JiOiLER -MAKr.RS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
' Office and Works— MISSION ST.
V y.y Telephone Main 5045.'
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAH FRAHCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'RDIEN * CAMC— Makers and Dealers ln
BllJCn a "-UllJLandaus, Hacks, Victorias,
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
St., San Francisco. • .
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS & CO.. practical coppersmiths,
m/r's of sheet copper and tubing. Improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission St., near First;
all work guaranteed.
DRUGGISTS ("WHOLESALE .
REDINGTON & CO. foTs n t d s a *?e d i st M e a 7n n 4-
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RfIVP? *fA Shipping Butchers. 104 !
J A3- DUIE3 (X Vl!,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
iA I 111 A Hunters' Equipments. Fishing
l«lllU\ Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
UUIiIJ catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE.
; *" " " w 739 Market street.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., lmporters S Dealers
in Hardware. 603 Market. TeL Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley. Props.'.
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every Da.
ecription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
/nCTI^'Y* a c r
\ \ No KNIFE: **"■ PA,N
1 1 _K_^_Xwi3__-^^ No Pay until Cured
*__^ J_H___H_M_____^. Any lump in a wo-
\f l-ErellyfetS BH^^m man's breast is cancer,
SS:^^^%s , '^T^'*a an^ all° I*>''e'l1 *>'' e 'l to get
large, always poisons
*yj&- E____R__^^^ t De glands in the arm-
_iP_>^Jßifl-_-y^y%i pit. When the cancer
g^ y large cure is impossi-
ble. Face and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
! with testimonials of thousands I have cured.
S.R. CHAMLEY, M.D., Office 25 Third St.,S.F.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
3.AXLBOA7J TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN U. CQL
LESSEE ';.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St. j
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL,.
TFEEK DATS— 9:00. 11:00 a. mv, 13:35,
8:80, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra -trio
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. »:*».
6:00. 6:20 p. in.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 13:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 8:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, J:4o.'
6:00. 6.25 p. m. ->.->;'•'
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
I same schedule as above. * ■■*--■>■
Leave "- -. ; J Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 18,
Week I Sun- IS9B. Sun- Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. ; Days. |
7:3oam' 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am B:4oam
J:3opm 9:3oanv! Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:16 am
C pm s:ot pn# Santa Rosa, 7:35pm 6:22pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
! . Heald-burg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:30 S:oCam Cloverdale. 7:35 6:22 pm
Hopland and
7:30 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
j 7:30 am 10:35 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
,<-.: «~ and
i 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. [6;lopm 6:22pm
7:3oam 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am 10:25 am
; j;Sopm 5:00 pm , 7:35pm 6 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
i Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
: Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
. Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
i Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
i Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley.
! John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's. Bucknell's
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Booneville. Orr*.
j Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
, Westport, Usal. Wlllitts, Laytonville, Cum-
I mlng's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyar,
i Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. •
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
V. ' ' • . -'.;;<:';* ' -■/ .
Limited
Santa -.Route
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves [.San
Francisco via Los Angeles at f*
P. M. every SUNDAY*, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY. . 777
Arrives in Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday '
and Tuesday — Arriving in New
Yorkat 1:30 P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday. y. <-,'• .*■;
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express. 7. ; ."
SAX FRANCISCO TICKEOrTICE— HI MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Ofiioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— West Santa Clara Si j
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN i
( VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. /-'.
From Nov. 10, 1898, trains will run as follows:
Bouth-bound. I North-bound.
Pass-en- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd , Stations. ; Exc'ptd Dally.
B:2o am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45pm s:6opm'
: 10:10 am 2:ospm Merced 12:4'^m ,4:o3pm i '
11:40 am 6:30 pm Fresno ' 9:30 am 2:32 pm
12:88 pm 7:45 Hanford 7:45 am 1.35pm
»:20 12:30 am Bakersfield 2:30 am 11:25 am ;
; 12:58 pmi B:so pm Visalla 6:4oam I:lspm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
' For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Offlce, 321 Market
i street, Saa Francisco. •■:■-:
- ■' ■■■■■-■■'■.:■ ' ■
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture Blankets, Oassimeres. Tweeds anl
Flannels, 535 Market st., San Francisco. Cal.
Goods for sale at all leading try-good- stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, $4,000,000
SYZ & CO.. Agents,
' 301 California st.
PAPER DEALERS. S
Wl! I fIMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO.,
VfILLMmLI It 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIrtNO -and MUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
A corps of expert tuners and repalrera.
PRINTING.
EC - IIU vlilHOi 511 Sansome street.
• <W- nUV.nE.O, r,U Pans me street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te g lc PARTRIDGE ? 6 rn a"s-t.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-. l^l™'lls£l.t.
TYPEWRITERS.
111^ All Typewriters Rented.
S^_ry_?* . Few partly used for sale cheap.
4§l___sL - AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
JgS-Slllk L. &M. ALEXANDER.
-=«!&_____-_' 110 Montgomery street.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLESALE & retail; send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 928 Howard.
"WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO,,
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral offlce. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI ITWnV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LUIIUIj -ill is-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d st.
WHITii ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the 7:x-
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
Is the Best Coal in the Market.
Office and Yards— Main Street.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
I tion. Planing, turning, 417 Mission, tel. M. 5927.
I RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Kttt'THl'.KN rMtnc conr ant.
V"'- • (PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train* lt-»r«- nutl !»•■«• fluei to nrrlre Ml
WAN FItANI'IMCO. --'V-
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
LEATB — From Dec. 18. 1896. — AXBrra
*'*0:00 a Niles, San Jose snd Way Stations... *»8:-5_
?:OOa Beulcia, Suisun and Sacramento.... Si-ISp
':(>!» a Marysrille, OroT_leand Redding via
Woodland 5«45p
7:00.\ Elmira, Vacaville and Bnuisey B:_3p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo, Napa, -
Ualwtoga and Santa Rosa 6:1
8:«»Oa Atlantic Express, Ogden and Kaat.. Bi_or
Hilim San .lose, LiTermore, Stockton, -,:■'. .
lone, Sacrameuto, Placenille,
Marysville, Chleo, Ited muff -il!»p
S:!tO\ "Milton. Oakdale and Jamestown... 4:15p
OiOOa Martinez, Tracy, I.athrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 12i13r
UiM«»a Fresno, Itakersiieiil. 'Santa lUrbnra, -
Los Angeles, Deming, £1 Paso,
New Orleans and East 6>43r
1 OiOOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7i43r
lstiOOK Niles, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vlsalla,
Pcrterville 4«15p
*liOOp Sacramento Hiver Steamers. i * "SiOOp
. 4iO»r Martinez, San Ramon, . Vallejo,
Napa, (/'iill.toKH, Santa 1'05a...... 9il3a
4 tOOr Benioia, Vacartlle, Saeraiiiento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysville, Oroville 10i43a
4::t(Jp Niles, Sau J. ac and Stockton ....... 7:13?
3:OOp San Franclsoo and Los Angeies
Limited. Fresno, Bakersfield, Los
Angeles...... 8:13 v
3:30p Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12i13p
Biaop Martinez, Tracy, ijeudota, Fresno,
MojaTe, Santa iuarbara aud l,os
' Augeles »<*.*> a
15 .00P Paclflc Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St,
/ Louis, Chicago and East |9:4."A
Si3np .Santa Fe Roil to, Atlantic I. tines*
for Mojave and Kast ot43p
OrOOr iviropeiin Mall, Ogdun and Kast.... »:43a
6:00 1> Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7j43a
•6(0Or Vallejo I%i 1 3 p
t7«OOp Vsllejo, Port Oosta and Way Sta-
tions J9:43p
SiOOp Oregon lCx|ireßS,HaeraineiiUi, Marys- ■- -...■■
- vllle, Ue.l.ling, Portland, I'liget -
.Sound and Kast SilSa
« 10:05 Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East ..„ tl:43p
'MAN LKA.N'tltO AM» lIAVWAHIIS LOCAL. '
(Foot ot Market Street.)
"1 Mblrowe, Semi i lark, (
K:OOa Fllclibnrg, Klmliiirxr, 6i43\
<OiOOa Sail I, eandrn. South Sail t*ot43A
lo.oOa Leandro, K.stndlllo, 10i43a
»11:OOa ■ Lorenzo, Cherry I*:l3p
auiop and (li43p
»'*»«** Hsyirards. '_'*''
7IOOP , Run , tbrou -,, to Nlle 7J43P
"*. J t From Nile*. . I ' '
COAST DIVISION (Narrotr I'anse).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8:13 a Newark,! San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations ;;.. "3:399
• *»9i 1 3p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Oruz and Principal Way
Station* MO:3o_
4:1 3 Newark. San Jose and Los Gatos... 0«20_,
»l 1:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
• Way Stations : - '**»•>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Trom SAX rRIHOISOO— Foot of llirket Stmt (Slip !)—
•7:16 *. 9:00 H:olla.¥. J1:00 *2:00 t3:D3
•4:00 J8:00 7*6:00p.M.'
from OIUIND— FooI Bro«d*»iij.— -f>:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
• 1 12:00 -1:00 t-:00 *3:00 *H:00 '8:001- .M.
'■~~- COAST HI VISION i ßroad Mange).
(Third and Townsend SU)
• 7:00 a Han .lose and Way Stations (New
' Alinaden Wednesdays only) li-Op
0:OOt Sun .losu, Ties l-iniw, Santa ('rnr.,
Pacific (.rove Paso Hnbles, Sail
■ I. uls Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4«! Op
111:4(1. San .lorn am l Way Stations »BiOO_
11:SOa San Jose and Way Stations 8:33 a
•'-:43 c San Mateo, Redwood, Monlo Park,
**'*X' ! Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lone, ■
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Cm/.,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacltio
•• <?rnre ; • "10189 a
•atSOp San .lose and Way Stations ■ «9:0Oa ■
•4*l Sp San .loseaml Principal Way Stations 9i43a
*3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:'_sa
3:30r San and Prluci|>al Way Stations S:S<»P
o:3opBaii Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
t11:45p San Jose and Way Stations 7»aOp
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted 1 Sundays only, t Saturdays only '
ITMondays and Thursdays. aTuesdays and Saturdays.
(Saturdays and Wednesdays. (Thursdays and Sundays. .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
-; Via Sausalito Perry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLJSr
AND SAN RAFAEL.
. WEEK DAYS— '7:20, »9:30. 11:00 a. m.; n:«.
lAt, 5:16, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— San Rafael on Monday*.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. *
SUNDAYS-*- n0;00, ' »U:3O .a. m.; •_:«.
t:00, M:*^. 6:15 D. m. ■
Trains marked • run to* San Quentin. -
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, '6:35. 7:45, *9:30 a. no.:
•12:20. 2:20, *3:45, 5:05 p. m. • • :-
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O, »8:00, »10:00. *11:55 a. m.;
•1:15, »3:10. 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quenttn. >
FROM MILL VALLEY. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:4S, 6:45, 7:55. 9:40 a. m.:
1*1:85, 2:45. 3:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 c. m. .
SUNDAYB-S:00. 10:05 a. m.; 11:06. 1:20. S.JO.
.:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. :,-,~.
1:20 a.m. week — Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:46 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
. stations.
1:30 a.m. Sundays— Duncan &Alls and way sta' a.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.) * -
Leave San - Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Sept. 11, 1898: - .
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
- Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, Jl.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agent*, 631 Market
street. San Francisco.
Weekly Call. $1.00 per Year
at * -
1112
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
INSANITY HAS
AGAIN SAVED
CHEESEMAN
His Murder Trial Once
More Continued.
ACCUSED IS SENT TO NAPA
RECENTLY DISCHARGED FROM
UKIAH AS SANE.
The Prisoner Hurled Vile Oaths at
the Jurymen, Hoping That "They
Would Break Their
Necks."
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call, i
908 Broadway, Jan. 10.
Frank H. Cheeseman, who. while un- |
der the Influence of liquor, shot and killed |
Henry J. Brooke last August and then
shot his sweetheart. Miss Etta Payne,'
was again declared insane to-day by a
jury and Judge Hall ordered him com
mitted to the Napa Hospital for the In- i
sane.
It was expected that Cheeseman's trial
on the charge of murder would begin this
morning. However, on motion of Cheese
man's attorney the prisoner was again
examined to determine whether or not he
is sane. The attorney conceded that
Cheeseman Is not insane at present, but
that he might prove dangerous if given
his freedom.
At the preliminary examination several
months ago another jury declared the de
fendant insane and he was committed to
Ukiah. There the authorities kept the
same watch over him as they did over J.
W. Lynn, whose trial on the charge of
shooting his wife will come on soon. The
authorities, and particularly Expert King,
declared that Cheeseman was not insane,
but was very cleverly feigning insanity.
King wrote to the District Attorney fully
setting forth these alleged facts.
At Ukiah Cheeseman had expressed con
fidence in getting out of his scrape and
he threatened to make trouble when once
he should regain his liberty. He pointed
to his record of attempted suicide, etc.,
as the loophole through which he would
escape punishment.
Yet none of the Ukiah experts on in
sanity were called to testify to-day. In
stead the county experts, Dr. J. "VV. Rob
ertson, who conducts a private sanitarium
at Livermore, and Dr. Rucker were
called. The former stated on the stand
that he had examined Cheeseman three
months ago at the request of District At
torney Snook and found the prisoner in
sane. Ho had again examined him yes
terday and found his condition abnormal.
Dr. Robertson claimed Cheeseman would
always be Insane; that his pulse this
morning was 110. while It should be but 75.
Dr. Rucker testified that Cheeseman
was suffering from what is called the
"masked" form of epilepsy and that he
would he liable to do others Injury. He
considered the accused murderer irrespon
sible.
Cheeseman's father also testified as to
his son's various attempts at suicide, and
A. T. Batten and D. Douglas, a former
teacher of the prisoner, also attested to
his many peculiarities.
During this examination Cheeseman sat
quietly beside Deputy Sheriff George
Vales, and when the jury brought in a
verdict of insanity, after deliberating for
an hour and a half, the prisoner uttered
a vile oath, accompanied with the hope
that each of them might break his neck
on his way home. To the Deputy Sheriff
■eman stated that it was not fair to
declare him insane.
"If they want to try me for killing those
people," said he. "all right. They can't
convict me, for I wasn't there."
Judge Hall ordered Cheeseman commit
ted to the asylum at Napa, there to be
detained until he shall become sane.
PREPARING FOR THE
COMING CAMPAIGN
THE MUNICIPAL LEAGUE AP-
POINTS DELEGATES.
OAKLAND, Jan. 10.— The Municipal
League met this evening and appointed
delegates to a convention to meet next
Friday evening to nominate a full city
ticket. The list of delegates contains; the
names of many prominent Republicans
and Democrats, and is as follows:
First Wan!— Andrew Anderson, J. C. Bul
lock, Ed A. Boell, P. S. Coke, H. T. Dalton.
Edwin C. Hodgklns, D. S. Moulton, W. Meese,
<-.'. G. Rode, 1). M. Atwater, George Stanley,
James Nesbltt. Alternates— F. B. Hortl, —
Hazeltine, Charles Spaulding.
Second Ward P. J. Brophy, Q. A. Chase, J.
E. Farnum, E. P. Flint. <;. T. Hawley, R. W.
Meeke, C. M Carron. James K. Mofiitt, War
ren Olney, Cary Howard, A. H. Pratt, D. A.
Spencer, J F. Towle, J. Vaughn, J. .1. Warner.
Annexed District— lt. W. Lyman, Henry Burns,
Harris Harrington, W. C. Moody, John Mc-
Gregor. Alternates Walter Hunt, Arthur Mc-
Donald, W. T. Veitch.
Third Ward- L. G. Burpee, J. P. Burpee, J. T.
Bell, P. A. Cameron, A. S. Carman, James El
liott. C. W. Kellogg, P. X. Kuss. i*. it. Lewis,
W. G. Manuel, ■'.::: McVey, W. C. Miles, J.
W. Nelson, W. li. Qulnn. Alternates— R. M.
Anthony. William Gross. G. H. Klttredge.
Fourth Ward 11. B. Belden, C. S. rushing,
A. L. Fish, Giles H. Gray. George Kirk,
Charles Man. F. W. McNear, H. A. Powell,
C. Elsey, J. C. Rued. J. R. Scupham. Joseph
Mcßoyle. Alternates— Oliver Ellsworth, Dan
H. Priest, A. L. Smith.
Fifth Ward— Anson Barstow, W. O. Buck
land. C. A. Bailey, D. E. Collins. Q. H. Col
lins, E. S. Finch, J. Fearn. J. M. Haven, F.
S. Page, W. M Sack. W. P. Wheeler. Alter
nates—J. L. Champlin, Ben Smith, E. F.
Wei he.
Sixth Ward— Franklin Bangs, E. G. Buswell,
A. W. Craig. I. E. Dalton, G. W. Grayson.
<; 11. M. Gray. W. T. Sagehorn, R. M. Tur
ner, C. 11. Allen, E. D. Williams, R. O. White
heao.
Seventh Ward— J. 1.. Burnside, R. H. Cham
berlain. F. G. Conklin, H. I. Capell, C. H.
Dalv. W. R. Emery. N. K. Foster. L. N. Cob
bledlck, L. W. Forstlng, Dr. A. Fine, L. D.
Inskecp, L. 11 Wakefield, J. T. Wallace. Al
ternates—H. M. Cameron, M. B. Hamilton.
A platform was adopted which contains
planks declaring for just and economic
government for the city, insisting on an
early settlement of the water question
and favoring municipal ownership of the
water supply. Continuing, It states:
This league favors no parties or cliques, no I
Democrats, Republicans or Populists, only resi- ;
dents of Oakland, and such are all invited to !
unite to build up Oakland and help administer '
its government economically, progressively, !
honestly and wisely. All citizen;- are invited I
to meet in the league upon a common ground !
and to redeem the city government from the
destruction threatened by the apparent effort
of party leaders to parcel out city affairs to
Incompetent and Inexperienced men as .i re
ward for political service; but are not asked :
to abandon party fealty In elections for county.
State or national offices. This league is in
favor of the purchase of I in I for parks and :
'boulevards on such terms as would be accepted
by a uruder.t business man. and is also ln
favor of purchasing, filling in and improving :
: such marsh lands as are a menace to the j
health of thif city, and is also In favor of the
early improvement of Lake Merritt. but in
sists as it did ln 1893 that do improvements of
any kind at any time should be allowed that
will diminish the water area of the lake. This j
league denounces the action of the majority of
the present City Council for the unusual and •'
hasty manner In which the water rates were
lust fixed by It and for establishing water rates :
so unreasonably high The league pledges its !
candidates to assist the water front attorneys
(who are already paid for all services to be ren- !
dered as aforesaid) to press the water front
suits to a speedy conclusion, to yield therein
no advantage already gained, to employ every
effort to secure such , further and additional
rights as are in accord with law and Justice,
and to insist on a final judicial disposition of I
the whole water front question. Including the i
opening of ill streets to points where public
wharves and landings must be constructed.
"The league pledges Itself to favor the con
solidation of city and county government at
the earliest practical moment.
The league favors the principal of municipal
ownership or public utilities, especially the
matter of water supply, and pledges Its nom
inees to work -for the acquisition of a water
supply under municipal ownership at as early
a data as practicable.
HAWLEY IN
A POSITION
TO DICTATE
Charges of Murder Do
Not Scare Him.
CASE WILL NEVER BE TRIED
NAPA ESTATE MUST BE SOLD
TO PROTECT IT.
The Sensational Contest Filed a Year
Ago Has Been Again Continued
and Nobody Wants It
Brought Up.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 10.
The sensational contest filed by the heirs
in the estate of Mrs. Mary C. Hawley will
never come to trial. The contestants and
the devisee are now endeavoring to reach
some arrangement by which they can turn
the estate into cash before it is all eaten
1 up with Interest and expenses of adminis
tration.
Mrs. Hawley died from a gunshot wound
in this city over a year ago, and by her
I will she left a large property at Napa.
valued at $30*000, to her husband. She was
i found dead in her bed early one morning
by her husband, and the Coroner's jury
returned a verdict of suicide. Some weeks
i later the relatives of Mrs. Hawley, who
live at Napa, tiled one of the most sensa
tional contests ever seen in a court of
} law. They exhumed the body, took expert
I testimony regarding the direction of the
j bullet wound in the skull and on this cvi-
I dence made it very plain that they be
, lieved Mrs. Hawley was murdered and
more than suggested that the shot was
tired by her husband.
All kinds of affidavits were taken, one
of the most startling being that of Sheriff
McKenzie of Napa, who has just come
[ into considerable prominence. There had
always been bad feeling between Hawley
I and his wife's relatives at Napa, and
after her tragic death they took every op
portunity to place Hawley ln the worst
; light possible.
Hawley openly charged that all these
J serious allegations and more serious in
sinuations of the Napa heirs were all
made for the express purpose of trying to
force him to relinquish his rights in the
estate given to him by the deceased's
will, which of itself was declared to be
a forgery. There were many remarkable
circumstances connected with the death
of Mrs. Hawley, and with her will. Among
■ her papers was found a letter which Haw
ley admitted he required her to write, ex
[ onerating him from any suspicion that he
had ever made an attack upon her life.
Physicians testified that the woman was
subject to suicidal tendencies and that
she undoubtedly ended her life by shoot
ing herself. On this evidence the Coro
ner's verdict was rendered.
The contest was filed over a year ago,
, and the heirs announced their Intention
* of prosecuting it with all possible speed.
Since then the case has been continued
fully fifty times, and no effort has been
1 made to bring it to trial.
Hawley has remained obdurate, and
now there seems to be an opportunity for
! him to gain something under the will.
I The administrator. Will Hawkett, has re
' ceived two good offers for the property at
] Napa, but the contest on file renders »a
; sale impossible, and all concerned are now
! anxious to turn their prospective shares
j into coin. The case was again continued
this week, and nothing has been heard
for nearly a year of the serious charges
made against Hawley. The property is
heavily mortgaged, and the last earth
quake seriously damaged the business
block at Napa, making the expense of
keeping it up. together with the interest
on a heavy mortgage, nearly equal to the
income from the entire estate.
Administrator Will G. Hawkett said to
day that there Is practically no desire to
contest, because it is realized that if such
contest were made it would be so bitter
that the expenses would leave but little
for anybody after the mortgage is settled.
CROSSED WIRES CAUSE A FIRE
ALAMEDA, Jan. 10.— Park Hotel
had a narrow escape from destruction at
midnight last night from a fire caused by
the crossing of a telegraph wire leading
into the office of the narrow gauge rail
road with one of the city's electric Ifght
wires. The switchboard of the railroad
office was burned away, communicating
the flames to the woodwork of the hotel,
in which the office is located.
i The flames were working their way up
1 through the partitions when they were
* discovered by Landlord Todd. An alarm
was given, and. for a time there was a
! panic among the guests of the hotel.
1 The Fire Department had little difficulty
iin extinguishing the flames. The railroad
'■ office was wrecked. The damage to the
i hotel building is about $200.
Washout on the Narrow Gauge.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 10.— There was a seri
ous washout during the heavy rains last
night on the narrow gauge railroad east
of the High-street trestle, at a point
known as the "sink." As a result no
through trains have been run over the
line to-day. The roadbed is washed away
for a distance of over ISO feet at a place
where the line runs over the San Leandro
marshes. The locality has given the rail
road company considerable trouble. No
solid foundation has ever been found at
the place, and no matter how substantial
the roadbed has been constructed it has
gradually sunk out of sight in a short
time. A few years ago while a freight
train was passing over the spot the track
sunk and- the train was wrecked, killing
several of the train hands. A big crew
is at work to-day repairing the damages
and the railroad company expects to have
its trains running as usual by to-morrow.
Impute Uueer Motives.
OAKLAND, Jan. 10.— The election of
Miss Duncan of San Francisco as prin
cipal and teacher of the Castro Valley
School has thrown the- citizens of that
district in a fever of excitement. As a
result of the action taken by the school
trustees Bert Proctor, who taught there
for nine years, Is out of a job and those
who criticize the action most severely
impute that Trustee Peter Hoare now ex
pects to have the new teacher board at
his home.
JUMPED TO DEATH
FROM THIRD STORY
OAKLAND, Jan. 10.— Weary -of waiting the termination of her de
clining years, Mrs. Ellen Golden leaped to her death from a
third-story window at the rear of the residence of Mrs. James
Twohig, 620 Seventeenth street, at about half past 4 o'clock this
morning.
Mrs. Golden was worn down with the infirmities of her 81 years,
and during the past two years her mind had been slowly failing. She
was an aunt of Mrs. Twohig, and the bonds of love and relationship
prompted Mrs. Twohig to care for her and prevent her being sent to
an asylum. Early this morning Mrs. Golden quietly arose and care
fully raising a window she throw herself to the ground three stories
below. A little later one of Mrs. Twohig's sons discovered the old
lady lying on the ground in the rear of the residence. Dr. Coxhead
was immediately summoned, but his services were useless. Several
broken ribs and a dislocated thigh were injuries too great for one as
old as she, and a few hours later she breathed her last.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1899.
OPPOSED TO
GIVING AWAY
GOOD MONEY
Board of Trade Is for
Economy.
EXPOSES A BIG BUGABOO
*
COUNTY TAX REDEMPTION A
FALSE ALARM.
Supervisors Will Be Requested to Re
voke a Contract That Is Mani
festly Against Good
Public Policy.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Jan. 10.
The Board of Trade is determined to
try to bring about a revocation of th«
contract by which Alameda County will
present to half a dozen San Francisco at
torneys a sum approximating $45,000 for
apparently obtaining about $70,000 from
the State treasury. The have looked into
this matter and seem to have discovered
a vital point that has apparently escaped
the attention of the Board of Supervisors
of Alameda and forty other counties in
this State and which entirely knocks the
foundation from under the argument
used by the attorneys to secure the con
tract.
Before the Alameda board the argu
ment used was that the bringing of $7000
to the county treasury would be like
picking it up, as it would never come but
for the astuteness of the attorneys who
discovered the scheme by which the rich
find can be made possible.
The Board of Trade puts forward the
i very forceful and unanswerable argu
ment that if Alameda's .contribution to
! the State Treasury be $112,000 it simply
means that Alameaa will have to contrib
! ute that much extra to the State's share
i of taxes and that the $46,000 paid to the
I attorneys might just as well be presented
| to them outright from the county treas
ury. It is certain that the State's ex
penses will be the same practically this
, year and next year as in other normal
years, and that the Income will be de
j rived from the counties in their proper
' proportion. As it is on the basis of this
! proportion that the alleged windfalls are
i to be obtained from the State treasury.
it is simply a case of robbing Peter and
j only giving Paul 60 per cent of the steal.
Some members of the Board of Trade
are of the opinion that if there be such a
i large amount of money due Alameda
County it should be the duty of the Dis
j trict Attorney to at once institute suit to
I recover it, and these members will not
: admit that their county legal adviser is
any less shrewd than the attorneys who
claim to have made the great discovery
which they hope will yield them a hand
; some fortune from this county and many
i other fortunes from other counties.
The Board of Supervisors is now being
' criticized for entering into such a con
tract, and much pressure will be brought
to bear in the next few weeks to cause
them to have it set aside on the ground
I especially that it is against public policy
i and because they were not fully ac
; quainted with the details of the situation
I when the contract was made.
DINGEE IS SUED
FOR A LARGE SUM
MRS. SATHER MAKES SOME
VERY BLUNT ALLEGATIONS.
One Hundred and Thirteen Thousand
Dollars and Interest Is Now
Demanded.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 10.
Mrs. Jane K. Sather Is pursuing her
demand for a settlement of her affairs
with W. J. Dingee, who was her busi
ness manager, and this afternoon she filed
i a suit against Dingee charging him with
! misappropriating $113,000 and demanding
an accounting with proper interest.
The suit is a continuation of the litiga
tion commenced by Mrs. Sather against
j Colonel Evans for the return of certain
papers concerning her dealings with W.
J. Dingee. After some interesting depo
sitions were taken the papers were re
turned. It would now appear that Mrs.
Sather's attorney, J. A. Sanborn, had
1 gone through these papers, extending
over many years, and had based the
latest suit on the result.
According to the complaint plaintiff in
! 1887 employed defendant as her agent and
broker to collect rents, make sales and
generally act under her direction in the
transaction of her business concerning
her real estate, stocks, bonds, etc,
; amounting to about $150,000. Later, in
July, 1888, she constituted defendant her
1 attorney in fact, which employment ex
isted until June 1, 1897, and she drew on
! him the same as she would on a bank.
Plaintiff avers on information and be
lief that defendant has appropriated to
his own use and not in the execution of
his trust $113,000 08 and over* in principal
. and interest; that this loss was the result !
of a great variety of acts and omissions,
violations and breaches of trust on the
part of defendant.
Mrs. Sather further avers that at the
request of Dingee she signed and deliv
ered to him a purported receipt in full of
all demands to May 10, 1897, and a state
ment that accounts furnished by defend
ant from January 20, 1891, to May 10, 1887,
were correct; that when she signed and
delivered these instruments she had no
information and did not know of any dis
crepancies or fraud, and that before be
ginning this action she had demanded
; that he pay to her as moneys In his hands
; her property in the sum demanded.
In her prayer for an accounting plain
! tiff asks that she recover interest at the
, legal rate upon all sums of money found
due from defendant, the same to be com
puted from the time such sums should
have been respectively paid.
Indicted a Counterfeiter
The United States Grand Jury yesterday
indicted Charles Irwin of Napa for hav
ing counterfeit money and molds in his
possession.
THOUSANDS OF FLOOD
VICTIMS IN CHINA
Many Who Escaped the Yellow
River Torrents Last Autumn
Are Perishing From
Starvation.
TACOMA, Jan. 10.— steamship Tacoma, from the Orient,
brings tl j following advices: Investigation shows that thirty-four
districts, embracing 56,000 square miles, containing 4000 villages and
populated by 15,000,000 people, were flooded by last autumn's outbreak
of the Yellow River in China. Part of this territory consists of alkali
land, leaving 3000 square miles of cultivated lands that were over
flowed. Tens of thousands of flood refugees ..re roaming over the ad-
Joining provinces in parties of from five to hundreds, seeking food
and cast-off clothing. Sixty thousand people perished during the flood
or have E.ace died from exposure and hunger.
The missionaries of Shangtung province have appealed to the for
eign legations at Peking urging them to compel the Chinese Govern
ment to inaugurate a system of jetties and levees that will prevent
future overflows. It is claimed that overflow channels are needed,
through which excess waters can be poured at flood time. Relief
funds have been started in Chinese cities.
The flooded district is being canvassed with a view to an early
distribution of funds provided by the Chinese Government. These
will scarcely support the people until spring*. Thousands more will
die next summer, for there is little prospect of raising crops this
year. The building of roads and other public works is being advo
cated, that the destitute may earn a living. Li Hung Chang has de
layed starting for Shangtung to inspect the flooded district as long
as possible because of his infirmities. The Empress has directed him
to hurry his report of existing conditions there.
DAWSON A CITY
OF DESTITUTION
Thousands Will Perish
Unless Aided.
LIVE IN SHACKS OR CAVES
ARE WITHOUT MEANS AND
CANNOT GET OUT.
in the "Unfortunates' Row" District
the Deaths Number Three
or 7 Four Each
Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, Jan. 10.— "There is
dire destitution and sickness that
means death to nearly 3000 tenderfeet
on the outskirts of Dawson City should
they not receive immediate help."
. This is a startling statement made by
M. A. Mahoney of Montreal, who came
out from Dawson in fourteen days.
breaking all records and being the last
man to come out. Mahoney was to.-day
shown dispatches from Seattle denying
reports of destitution. He said:
"From personal observation. I know
that from 2000 to 3000 men will reauir
help at once or they will die like dogs
I never looked upon such hopeless dis
tress and reckless abandonment to
cruel fate as I witnessed just before
I left the Klondike when walking
through what is called 'Unfortunates'
Row,' on the mountainside outside of
Dawson. The destitutes are living in
caves and dugouts on the mountainside
and in tents covered with blankets and
trees to check the terrific icy blasts
that blow up through the valley.
"Most of the unfortunates are Amer
icans. They went into the Klondike
last spring with good grub stakes and
high hopes. Hundreds I know from
personal observation have never done
a stroke of work since going ln there.
In the first place they were totally un
fitted for the country, many of them
being professional men and a majority
of them hailing from a moderate cli
mate. They failed to get a claim, being
pushed to one side by more vigorous I
miners. Unable to buy ground in Daw
son and erect shacks they went in
hordes to the outskirts of the city, up
in the mountains and along the Klon
dike River. Rude shacks, and, in many
cases, dugouts are now their places
of abode; they are as helpless as babies.
"Good hearted mine owners gave
many of thefn employment. They lasted
about two days and then struck, una
ble to stand the terrible strain. Re
turning to their huts they apparently
gave up hope and settled down in the
mountains to wait for something to
turn up. Living on a diet of pork and
beans and taking very little exercise,
they were bound to be affected by
scurvy. Then typhoid caught many of
them. Dozens of poor fellows now fill
nameless graves on mountain sides.
Although it Is not generally known,
even in Dawson three or four deaths
occur dally in this hopeless commu
nity.
"I have time and again recently
passed through what is known as the
unfortunate district and know what I
am talking about when I say that they
will have to get help soon or meet a
terrible fate. Just before I left a sub
scription list was sent around Dawson,
the object of which was to raise money
to send representatives to "Washington
to obtain government help for the
starving men. I refused to sign it. as
did many others, on the ground that
when such aid was obtained it would
be too late. I advocated the raising of
money on the spot and think that is the
only way in which the unfortunate men
can be relieved. About $1600 had been
raised to send out representatives when
I left. This money will pass through a
number of hands, and, to be straight
forward, I don't think it will be all de
voted to the purpose for which it was
subscribed.
"I have not overdrawn my picture of
the condition of these wretched, starv
ing tenderfeet. You would have to be
right on the spot to realize the full ex
tent of their misery. Mind, I do not
say that there is destitution in Dawson.
It is on the outskirts, in places seldom
visited. Unemployed men living on
the mountains occasionally make
known their condition, but, as long as
they can merely exist, will not beg.
Affairs with them are reaching a
climax, however. They must get help
soon or spring will tell a terrible tale
when their shacks and dugouts are
visited."
Mahoney says he will if necessary
swear to the details of the statement
he has given
SHOOTS HER HUSBAND.
JACKSON, Jan. 10.— Mrs. Manley fired
four shots at her husband, Edward Man
ley, on Sunday night, two shots taking
effect, producing flesh wounds. The shoot
ing occurred at the Manley home, about
four miles from Plymouth. Constable
Scoble of Plymouth arrested the shooter
yesterday and brought her to the County
Jail. The cause of the trouble cannot be
learned. It is generally believed that the
woman is insane. „
RECRUITING FOR
REDDING GUARDS
A New Militia Company
Organized.
WILL ENTER STATE SERVICE
TAKES THE PLACE OCCUPIED BY
H COMPANY.
The Latter Is Now on Duty at Van
couver Barracks, Wash., but
Soon Will Be Mustered
Out.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Jan. 10.— A company of
j militia has been organized in this city
j and is now drilling at the armory, with
the expectation of being enrolled in the
j National Guard of California as soon
j as arrangements shall have been per
j fected for reorganization throughout
■ the State. The action of organizing a
j new company here was accelerated by
I the threat of Red Bluff that if Red
: ding did not at once take the initiative
j Red Bluff would organize a company
I and petition for its acceptance, which
j would have the effect of depriving Red
j ding of the privilege of filling the place
vacated by Company H, Eighth Regi
j ment, now at Vancouver barracks.
When the petition for signatures to
i a new company was first passed around
i general apathy was met at every step.
| But six men could Be found, after the
j most thorough canvass, who wanted to
jbe soldiers. Then the report of what
Red Bluff proposed to do filtered Into
I town, and In less than two days a total
jof fifty names was obtained. This was
enough to secur* the privilege of fill
; ing the vacancy.
1 When Company H ls mustered out
i and the boys return home they will be
j given the preference as recruits. If
| the returning officers desire those who
i were residents of Redding when Com
; pany H went Into the regular army
i will be allowed to retain their places in
j the new company.
Want Primaries.
OAKLAND, Jan. 10.— The Republican
City Central Committee held an im
portant meeting this evening and decided
that the municipal convention shall con
sist of appointed delegates. Mr. Doody
of the Sixth moved that a primary be
held, but he stood alone, and the other six
votes were all for appointing.
It was decided that each committeeman
shall appoint three men, who shall name
the delegates from each ward. The three
men must be ratified by the whole of the
Central Committee. The committee meets
again next Thursday night, when a date
for the convention will probably be fixed
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Marie Jullien (Greget) (wife of Pierre) to
Clarence C. Burr, lot on E line of Franklin
street, 102.940_ S of Greenwich, S 15.22, NE 7.805,
Clarence' C. and Emily W. Burr to Archie
C. Page, same; $50.
_ Louis and Henrlette Cahen to Isidore W
Cahen lot on SW corner of Washington and
Franklin streets, S 55 by W 137:6; $10
Sarah E Mitchell and Catherine Rieley to
£'« fe . 11,I 1 ,? 1 ?* lot . on N line of ElHott Park,
198 W o/ Steiner street, W 22 by N 70 (Ham
ilton Square); $175". v«tm
Alexander H. and Dlllie L. Buhne to John
Hedquist, lot on N line of Twenty-seventh
street. 185 E of Dolores, E 25 by X 114* £)
Frederick Add to Thomas R. Turner," lot on
1 « *T °_ X? 11 street ' 225:8 '* of Sanchez. E
Emma and Rudolph Pfeiffer to same, lot on
25 line of alley street, 18 ° W° r Sanchez \v
25 by N 114; $100.
Jacob Sanders to Donohoe-Kelly Banking
Company, lot on XE line of Seventh street!
260 SE of Howard, SE 25 by NE 90; $10
J. W. Nye to Sarah Stevenson (wife of John)
lot on E line of Twenty-ninth avenue 318 N
of C street, N 105:10 by E 120; $1000
Benjamin and Elizabeth Schloss to Albert
Cerf. lota 1 to 8, 21 to 24, block 430, salt marsh
and tide lands; $1.
John McKtwen to John B. and Margarets
Cailteux. lot on SE corner of Burrow and
Goettingen streets, E SO by S 100, lot 8. block
19. Railroad Avenue Extension Homestead; $10
Alameda County.
James V. Coleman (and as attorney) Cecelia
C. d'Andlgne (by attorney) and Isabella C
May (by attorney) to Elizabeth Mott (wife of
Robert), lot on W line of Telegraph avenue
140 X of Thirtieth street. X 40, W 130.36, S 40'
B 129.83, to beginning, being portion lots' 3 and
4, block 2035, Rowland Tract, Oakland- $1300
A. C, F. C. and William C. Aiken to Town
of Berkeley, the E 10 feet of lot 23 and E '0
feet Of S 40 feet of lot 24. block 1. Berkeley
View Homestead, for use as public street
Berkeley; $105.
Charles S. and A. C. Aiken, John G. and
Julia A. Bryant and William C. Aiken to B
M. Newcomb and Frederick H. Deakln, lot on
E line of Arch street, 129:11 X of Vine X 100
E 289:2, S 100, W 2S:>:2, to beginning, being lot
23 and S 40 feet lot 24, Berkeley View Home
stead, subject to deed of trust. Berkeley; $1000
Frederick H. and Virginia F. Deakin to B,
M. Newcomb, lot on XE corner of Vine and
Arch streets, X 223.92, E 154.20, S 218.54. ' V
154.61, to beginning, being the W portion of
lots 21, 22, 23 and 8 40 feet of lot 24. property
Berkeley View Homestead Association, Berke
ley: $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Hans Ras
mussen, lot on E boundary line of University
Terrace, 529:6 NW from SE corner lot 19 of said
Terrace; thence XV CO, W 230. SE 40. E 280
to beginning, portion lot 18, University Ter
race, excepting right of way, etc., Berkeley
$100.
Mary W. Moody (wife of J. C.) to Town of
Berkeley, a strip of land 40 feet wide lying
20 teet on each side of a line described as fol
lows: E line block 1, Berkeley View Home
stead, distant X 800 from said SE corner of
said block; thence NE 10:03 from point of begin
ning* thence NW 23.47: thence to a curve 100
radius; thence on a tangent 64.34 feet; thence
to the left on a curve 50 feet radius 102 degrees
15 minutes; thence to the right on a curve of
176.21 radius 45 degrees 21 'minutes to N line
lands of Moody, with exception, Berkeley; $240.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, January 10.
Stmr Procreso, GUboy. 107 hours from
- S Alcazar, Gunderson.3s hours from Port
Los An^ l^ ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
nfw YORK— Arrived Jan 10-Stmr St Paul',
from V Southampton; stmr California, from
G LIVERPOOL-Arrived Jan IC-Stmr Sylvania,
f r^led° Jan'lO-Stmr Corean. for *™g*s&
BREMERHAVEN Arrived '■"JJ-^Sf ***
Wilhelm der Grosse from_ New *°™- ,
MOVILLE Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Ancnona.
from New York.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock
287 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o clock.
621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street : open until 9 o clock.
252 C Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. •
M., Chapter Hall. Masonic Temple-D. -&%-
-3d THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING.
January 11, at 7:30 o'clock. By order _/▼'
the W. M. H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F- and «
A. M. -Special meeting THIS ED- _#\_
NESDAT) EVENING, Jan. 11. at ':30TC2T
o'clock. Third degree. „ '
THEO. E. SMITH. Secy.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. a
M.— Called meeting THIS (WED.N'ES- «i
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Sec- T*kJT
ond degree. C. D. BUNKER. Sec. /NT>
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44. F and A. a
Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) -jfV.
EVENING at 7:?." o'clock. First de- lC_3r
gree, THEO. FROLICH. Secy. lW >
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M., m.
Masonic Temple Officers and members J^
are notified to attend a special meet- If
ing THURSDAY. January 12. at l:3orv\
p. m. for the purpose of conducting the
funeral services of our late brother. Past
Master CHARLES M. CHASE. By order of
the Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sep.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155. I. O. O. <^o^a,
F.— The third degree will be con- z~x3**mxL.
ferred upon Hon. JULIUS KAHN, -^"*'"s?g£F
Congressman-elect, on THURS- '^/'iiv ; >
DAY EVENING, January 12, 1899. Brother
KINGSFORD of Excelsior Degree Lodge will
be present. Visiting brothers cordially In-
vited. JOHN STEVENSON, N. G.
DR. F. D. ASHWORTH, Recording Sec.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— The annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be held at the offlce of the com-
pany, 222 Market St., San Francisco, on
TUESDAY, January 24. 1899, at 11:30 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
J. OB. GUNN. Secretary.
Office, 222 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
January 9, 1899. __t*_Kl
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Oceanic Steamship Company will
be held at the office of the company, 327 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco, California, on
SATURDAY, the 21st day of January, 1899, at
11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing
a Board of Directors to serve for the ensu-
ing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
January 10, 1599, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPRING Valley Water Works, San Francisco,
December 28, IS9B.— The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Works will be held at the office of the
company. 126 Stockton st., San Francisco,
California, at 12 o'clock noon on WEDNES-
DAY, the Hth day of January, 1599, to elect
trustees to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business
as may come before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco. At a regular meeting of
the Board of Directors of this bank, held
January. 3, 1899. a dividend was declared for
the half year ending December 31. 1898. at the
rate of seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after the 16th Inst. Transfer
books will be closed from the 10th to the
16th Inst., both days inclusive.
D. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
Janury 4. 1899. ../.:;-
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery st., corner of Sutter. The
board of directors declared a dividend for trie
half year ending December 31. 1898. at the rate
of four (4) per cent per annum on term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, and payable on and after Tuesday,
January 3. 1899. Dividends not called for are
added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal from ana after January 1,
1899. CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, IS
Geary st.— The directors have declared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: 4 per cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after January 3, 1899.
ERNEST BRAND. Sec.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Secretary of the San Francisco Protest^
ant Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives no-
tice that the following orphan and half or-
phan girls and boys have been admitted to
the Institution from July 1, IS9S, to January
1, 1899: Matilda Zimmerman, 6 years; Mar-
garet Kesllnger, 4 years: Eugenia V. Kloss
3 years 8 months; Annie Kloss, 2 years 3
months; Claudine F. Moller, 5 years 8
months; Sophia H. Hoppe, 8 years; Eva Mc-
lntyre, 8 years 6 months; Olive M. Joslln
6 years; Myrtle Leigh, 3 years; Genevieve
Adams, 8 years; Mary Adams, 6 years; Al-
bert Zimmerman, 9 years; Harry Hayne, 10
years: Adoiph Hayne. 7 years 3 months: Otto
W. Moller. 4 years; Johannes E. Moller.' 7
years; Leslie E. Montrose, 8 years 4 months;
Wesley L. Marshall, 7 years; Edwin Fisher'
7 years; Alexander Williams, S years: George
M. Adams, 11 years; Nelson J. Adams 10
years; Harry Lane, 6 years; James Adam's 8
Hawkins, 7 years: Edith M. Joslln, 3 years-
Edna V. Joslln, 3 years.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage, at 620 ! -•-- st.. San Francisco.
Cal., has received the following orphans, half-
orphans and abandoned girls from October 1
to December 31. 1898: Jessie Willis, 11 years;
Lillia Willis. 8 years 7 months; Hazel Anna
McCutcheon, 5 years 30 months; Saldy Brooks
9 years 1 month; Eva Bi.oks, 6 years; Ruth
Shayer, 5 years 8 months; Sylvia
Shayer. 2 years 5 months; Ethel Hergarton
7 years 10 months; Sarah E. Jellin, 12 years;
Elsie M. Jellin, 6 years 9 months; lona l'
Jellin. 4 years; Violet Williams, 2 years-
Louisa Zanettin, 13 years; Adellna Zanettin,'
8 years: Theresa Zanettin, 5 years 6 months:
Ethel Openshaw, 9 years; Olive Openshaw. 7
years; Olive F. Berlin. 10 years; Adele G.
King, 7 years: . nna Swan, 9 years 9 months:
Charlotte Gillespie, 9 years 6 months; Jennie
Gillespie, 7 years 10 months; Julia Gillespie,
3 years 11 months: Amy L. Swan, 6 years 8
months: Maria Gill, 11 years: Grace Gill, 13
years; Olivia Gill, 9 years; Margaret Johnson,
8 years.
SINCE July 1. 1898. the orphans admitted into
St. Francis' Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum,
are as follows: Female— Annetta Antonla, 1
years; Camellia Hawkins, 9; Ada Hall 9;
Marguerite Kalsar, 6; Carrie B. Pickett 7;
Pearl Hunter. 10; Katie Rlordan. 5. Male-
Harry Antonia, 2 years 3 months: William
Rohling, 3 months; George Hunter, 2 yea-s
6 months: Harold Hunter, 4 years 3 months:
Thomas O'Nell, 3; Bert de Shields. £ years
C months: Fred de Shields, 3 years 6 months;
Thomas Rlordan, 5; Gilbert Cope, 7. Half
orphans— Marguerite Gamerston, 5; Irene
Gamorston, 9; Catherine Shepherd, 4 years 6
months; Lyda Shepherd. 9. Male Jacob
Smith, 10; Osar Smith. 7: Fred Smith, 5
years; Jennie Shihade, 6 years.
ABANDONED children in St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from July 1. 1597, to Decem-
ber 31. 1S98: Frank Swett, age 4 years;
Margaret Cunningham, 4 years; Hazel Cun-
ningham, 2 years; Margaret Campion, 2 years;
Rose Kelly, 4 years; Thomas Kelly, 3 years;
Ruth Dougherty, 4 years; Lillie Aubertine,
5 years.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made; i
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION !
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10: tel. 5550. !
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up; !
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 343 3d st. [
SITUATIONS WANTED FEMALE.
WOMAN with a girl desires situation; good
cook; best references; country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse or
housework, $10 to $15; references. MISS
< ULLEN, 335 Sutter st.
WANTED by a middle-aged lady, a position as
German and American cook In a respectable '
boarding house or private family; wages $23
Address box IMS, Call. . "
RESPECTABLE middle-aged lady wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper: good cook; kind to child-
ren; city or country. Call bet. l and 3. Golden
West Hotel, Ellis St., room 24.
POSITION as waitress and chamberwork In
respectable boarding house; wages $20; no ob-
jections to leaving city. Box 1296, Call.
GERMAN nurse girl would like position; wages
$20; speaks English well. Box 1297, C»ll.
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Continued.
SITUATION wanted— Young girl wants worlTln
family in city for slight remuneration while
attending college. Address G. C. S., Ala-
meda office.
WOMAN wishes a situation to do general
housework or cooking in city or country-
would give reference if required. 603 Minna!
YOUNG strong German woman wants wash-
ing, ironing, cleaning: $1 and carfare- dlsen
gaged Thursday and Friday. M., 1133 Folsom.
WOMAN With 5-year-old daughter^wllhes^aT
tlon as working housekeeper; city prefen-ed-
no triflers. Apply 177:. Haight st. lcrr eo.
COMPETENT English and French cook
1 position in American family; best of refer
ences. Address box 581, Call office.
NEAT middle-aged lady would like position!,
housekeeper or place in small family. Ad-
dress 938 Pacific st. '....■■
FRENCH girl wants situation; chamberwvTv
or sewing: . good seamstress; city reference
Call or write 136 Tenth st.
SWEDISH woman, with a child, wishes pos'-
,n«?o™ .° funeral housework; city or short
' distance sin the country. Address 425 V, Grove.
' EXPERIENCED nurse wishes situation to care
tor invalid or child. Address 52.8 Jessie st.
ARTIST model recently from Boston, Mass..
wishes a few engagements. Box 1295, Call.
EXPERIENCED cook or will do housework-
reference. 206 Fifth st, near Howard.
LADY, German, wishes position as housekeeD-
-1 _er; no triflers. 953H Howard st.
TWO girls for housework and cooking. Call 34
Sheridan St., off Tenth.
, 'MAN girl wants situation for general
housework and cooking; references given.
■ Apply Prescott House, cor. Montgomery aye.
and Kearny st.
* SWEDISH woman wishes situation to do sec-
ond work In private family; wages $20. Ad-
, dress iph Fell St.
S DRESSMAKER wishes a few more engage-
ments by the day; tailor-made dresses a spe-
. clalty; terms $1 60 per day. 505 Jones st.
GERMAN girl wants a position for general
' housework; wages $20. 2 Tay st. off Clay,
* between -.veil and Mason.
_ FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by the
? a «i. a ,,° , housecleaning. Call or address
MRS. H. HEIDER 642 Folsom st
. SITUATION as second girl in a private fam-
ily by a go. 1 experienced Swedish girl;
wages. $25. Address 9 Bowie aye.. off Hth.
, 2 RESPECTABLE" Scotch girls wish situations;
one for upstairs work and sewing. $20: other
upstairs work and care of children, $15. A.
' McC, 717 Valencia st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation as nurse and
help with upstairs work; references if re-
quired. Call for two days, 1113*. Bryant st.,
: near Ninth.
c A YOUNG lady, lately from the East, would
, like a position as companion to a lady or
take care of children. Call 422 McAllister.
: GIRL wishes a situation to do general house-
work in a private family. Please call at
2521 Post st.
I YOUNG woman wishes situation to wait at
table or chamberwork. Address box 1496, Call.
TOUNG colored girl would like to do house-
work or take care of baby; state wages. Ad-
dress box 1466, Call office.
. WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
-1 ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
; and baggage to and from ferry.
1 SITUATIONS AVANTED MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 5«.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 436. 4
■ ENGINEER of 20 years' experience; 5 on loco-
motives and 11 with colliery company on
hoisting engines, steam pumps, electric
pumps and dynamos and 3 years repairing.
Address box 1294, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man as man
about place where It would be a chance to
learn gardening; understands horses and
cows and general work; good references. Ad-
dress box 1337. Call office.
' SITUATION wanted by young Swedish man;
good gardener; understands horses and cows
• and general work; 5 years last place; first-
class references. Address 535 Natoma st
SITUATION wanted by young man In office,
i store or hotel; understands 4 languages, book-
i keeping and correspondence. Box 1351, Call.
TOUNG man wants position as valet to gentle-
, man and be generally useful. Address box
1475, Call office.
• WANTED— Situation by flrst-ciass colored
; cook: hotel, boarding house or private fam-
ily. Address Cook, 321 Farrell St.
STRONG boy wishes - situation on ranch: ex-
perienced: willing to work for small wages.
Address 1273 Union st., city. .
; WANTED— Position as engineer, fireman or
night watchman by young man; will give
cash security as to responsibility. Address
box 1347, Call.
WANTED— man wants position in law-
yer's office with privilege of studying law;
understands shorthand and typewriting. Ad-
dress box 1459, Call.
I FIRST-CLASS painter and paper hanger wants
work; day or contract. Box 1344, Call.
RESPECTABLE young man. desiring going to
Chicago, would like to accompany Invalid or
other party for the consideration of half the
fare or otherwise. Box 1343. Call.
CHINESE boy, first-class cook, wants place In
private family. Address 703 Dupont St.; tele-
phone Main 1788.
BOOKKEEPER— First-class double entry and
correspondent: Al city references and bonds;
salary moderate. Box 1388. Call Office.
GOOD painter, paper hanger and whitener, hay- f
Ing complete outfit of tools, wants work; city
or country. MERIGAN, 1302 Webster st.
WANTED— young man and wife, positions
as valet or butler and maid; will travel;
best references. Box 1489, Call. . _as_-_9i
RESTAURANT man; thoroughly competent;
references and bond. Box 1331. Call.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 183
3 chambermaids, first-class hotel in Southern
California, to start the 14th Inst., $20; 2 wait-
resses, same hotel, country-, $22 50; 2 cham-
bermaids, assist waiting dinner, city, $20; 2
hotel waitresses, city, $20; 4 waitresses, differ-
ent country hotels, $20; chambermaid, assist
watting, plain country hotel, $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Nurse for Invalid, $75; 25 to 30 girls for gen-
eral housework, from $15 to $30. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st " .
NURSE. $-5 : maid and seamstress, willing to
travel, $25: 10 housework girls, city and
country, $20 and $25: 10 housework girls $10
to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. '
WAITRESS, sleep home, $20. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st.
INVALID'S nurse, $20' per month. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
I CHAMBERMAID^ sleep home, $12~ MISS
CULLEN. .25 Sutter st.
NURSE, country, $15: German governess $25-
-woman with a child, $10 per month. M-S3
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
NEAT second girl. $15; 2 second girls, $25 and
$20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. •
COOK. $35; neat girl, light work. $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, railroad eating house, $20* wait-
ress, city, $20; waitress, Hanford, $20." MIS3J
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. F
MAID and seamstress. $25. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st. * '
COOK, delicacy store. $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook. $30; Swedish or French cook.
$SO. MISS CULLEN. 335 Sutter st
HOUSEWORK girls. Pinole il-\ Suisun $20*
San Jose $20, Stockton $25. MISS CCLLEN
. 325 Sutter ■'.
2 WAITRESSES. $15 per month each, same
hotel. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— very large number of girls to fill
situations of all kinds: city and country $15
CO.^iesS^r^ '° *' F * CROSETT A
CO.. 316 S utter -t.
WANTED-Cooks, second girls, nurse girls and
_ girls for housework MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkin.
EXPERIENCED ironer to finish after ma-
chine; also an experienced operator on neck-
&o n^ ' ' hln^ STANDARD SHIRT FAC-
TORT. cor. Gough and Grove sts.
i a IS L for , housework; American family of 3;
$2o; small washing. 631 Larkin st. - -;■*•
GERMAN girl In a small family to assist In
housework; ref.; wages $12. 3253 Fillmore.
GIRL wanted for general housework; s::v.'l
family. 1709 Post st.
GIRL wanted to wait at table; sleep at home;
$8 per month. 924 Geary st.
GOOD talloress on pants. 297 A Shipley st .
near Sixth.
; WANTED— for general housework. Apply
1 2634 Howard st.
TOUNG girl wanted for general housework*
need not cook. Call 1831 Eddy st.
WANTED— neat, reliable girl for family of
3. 538 Oak st. .
TOUNG girl for cooking and general house-
work; $15. 2416 Sutter st. L
LITTLE girl; sleep, home; wash silver and
glasses. 313 O'Farrell st
GERMAN or Swedish girl wanted for light
housework. 328 Eddy st: HELP W.vNTED— Contlnned.^
••V ;.*WAJ?TE^?Y^ngl_lriHls years old£to assist
••.- .* With housework: two In ally. call at .16
.* . j .■ Fulton St., Wednesday. .
- •: neat' 1 * girl? for § general housework In small
.;•/ '.family. Call at 1211 Hyd- :»t
- i •WANTED -Lady Intake care of children. Ap-
y.ly'" ply 1W Tehama st.
••'w'lvirn <-ir777neral housework: plain cook-
:-:? v i^g; T Sing ? ______!*____:
• ■ "cinr-Tji-r, -on white and flannel overshirts;
■ 7 DSS^ air'axx.y-
:.*■•' LEV ' : !: ' U "'
rshirta; also one
Ll M. WEIL A
* .'*' : .MICHELS. 637. Mission st.
•' . -
: * '' I ADIES you can earn $3 to S6 per day at home.
■ .*. • 'Call 101 ft Gra 2i_J?: v - c *' *'°" m '•
--Vmim" of all" nationalities wanted at Miss
* .:•■ Emp. Of.T'l'M-M irk st, Alameda.
* '• "* osu-rvKSM -Jewing free, beginning this week.
••".Keli&r Tailoring College. 424 Geary st.
'• ' . -Ttr-rtv dressmaking and millinery: positions
II ' * -free: *?rattern9. Ke up. McDowell's. 10$ Post.
" ' cr ~" HKLP WANTED — MALE.
'' It* C"R.s HANSEN i- CO.'S... .Phone Grant l<s
Steward, country restaurant. $33; waiter,
• • country hotel. $:i0: shirt finisher, hotel laun-
■dry. $3>>; hand laundryman. $30; neat young
. . man with some experience as nurse for an in-
' stitution. $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
:■■ WE 'ship this morning for Skaguay; fare $12 50.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.; 104 Geary st.
- "MI'RRAY & READY .Phone Main 5548
.* :• I .-tiding Emi'l ivment and Labor Agents,
." •• ■ WANT TO-DAY.
■ '"l 0 mere woodchoppers cooks
'. . *13 more tie makers waiters
I. fare $12 50. I
• icu-y st.
•'am 5548
i Labor Agents,
v
butchers
'. coachman and gardner dishwashers
metal splnnt-r Second cooks
.* ' .MUHRAY & READY. 634 nd KM Clay st.
•- EXPERIENCED dry goods clerk; country
'■ ■' ' 'store: references required. MURRAY &
* -.* READY. 634 and 656 Clay st.
■ '•iV.ANTED— Coachman, short distance in coun-
.. .Vtry, nice place, $30 and found; German boy
• ."'of 17. for large grocery, $4 per week to start;
•■■•■ *2 miners, $32 per month; also farmers, milk-
" •.■•'ers. cooks a-ui cithers. W. D. EWER & CO.,
'.- ■; ivy- Ciay st. ■:- ..-.: r; -.:„ ,
' =•*, .WANTED— Driver for flrst-ciass milk wagon;
'*.-■ .'city experience nnd references quired; $35
'•". per month and found. W. D. EWER _ CO.,
. :'.' .'-■' Clay st. - .
•.'-WANTED— Blacksmith. $&4 month: miner. $40:
. .; -Varix-nter and pumpman for mine. $40, and
others. Apply to J. F. •:*.• SETT & CO., 628
--. Sacramento st. . ;..
WANTED— Fry cook. $40; second cook for
;:. 'rfstaurant' $60; young kitchen man. $25;
• Walter for Nevada. $20 to $25. and others.
•Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacra- j
..'.-'•• *? mento st. •
■BARBER— Young man, steady and temperate
.. /. habits, wants steady job, either in city or
. ':nut, tut country preferred; references. Ad- I
'...;. ■ dress box CS3, Call office. l
.. : -\YAXTED— Competent man to operate Fits-
..-'••'.' henry machine for scouring and setting har-
.::• ; hoss leather. 106 Battery st.
'."''-. -MAX to collect: salary and commission. Ap-
*.'•* ply bet. 3 and 5 p. 111. X. HOFFMAN, 511
'  . ■" Mi ntgomery st
■ '"}■. -WANTED — Bootblack: young man preferred;
;•"■ Vdrto' that has worked in barber shop. 779
! ■ .- ._ _. Market st.
•-.-'. 'WASTED— A boy with experience ln tailoring
-'• ..-..0n custom coats. '568 Minna st. '
'.... -WAXTED— Bedmaker at Lindell House, Sixth i
"-.'. ..and Howard sts. l
•'*" .PO^i" 1 vegetableman wanted. 134 Third st.
'.- : --' YOT'XG man for liquor store; references and
':■' \H-.nd required. 331 Ellis st.
j '.'•"•• FIRST-CLASS sash and do r maker. 231
; •'•.. King st.
'*. YO.UNp man to learn in bakery, at 127 Fifth
.. •.. st.. bet. 11 and 2. r.v
... r ___ .
• .COD dishwasher. 313 O'Farrell st.
*T<> go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
■ ' ' .nearly new. from 50c to $1; new shoes, sllght-
• ly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission fet,
■ ; .b-'t. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
', rSALEEMAN, young man. to sell among butch-
I. era and sausage makers: German preferred;
'.-.must be hustler and have references. Ad-
. . ' dress Western Specialty Co., box 1300, Call.
■ .". MENi wanted everywhere to distribute samples
'• ' and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
- • per day and expense?: cash every week; par-
ticulars for 2-cent stamp. CALIFORNIA
ORANGE SYRUP CO., San Francisco, CaL
..WAXTED — Cabinet maker and French pol- j
•Isher; elderly man; light, steady work. Box
IS4O. Call office.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
nhe Corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
cnmarrleii men between the ages of 21 and SO ;
years, who are citizens of the United States, ;
or those who hive legally declared their in-
ter.;., to become mich: must be of good char-
f ' x acter and habits and able to speak, read and
. write English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
and « leet In height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Offlce, 40 Ellis at.,
San Francisco, CaU
V, WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large ,
rooms. 2 r per r.:ght: $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED- At Montana Rouse, 764H Mission
st., men to take rooms; 10c, 130 and 2ic per
night: 60c SOc and $1 per week.
YOUNG men. seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths,
.. for Bhips. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart -t i
'-.BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
' m't. H. Bernard. Sec. M -h; tel. Jessie UM. !
- ... 'MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1542 j
• ; . - Market St. ■'-v. ]
• .MEN and women to learn barber trade at. San
■'*• ';•• Francisco Barber College. 13SV4 Eighth et
■.'■.'. BARBERS' Association Free Employment
* '-." * Office. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
7 THY Lindel; House. Sixth and Howard sts.;
.;*.- '• thoroughly renovated; 200 mis.: IKc. 25c night
*.■' SINGLE rooms. ISe. 2"c. -3c per night; 73c, $1
.tc $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. <*<i3U Market st.
-.'•..7' WANTED— To rolled wages due laborers and
'«■•"*. : ;.c'e-ks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter St.
" SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
yy ;.-:' 'LANE'S. SOI Davis st.. near Jackson.
V : '-'. .SINGLE furnished, lne. lanre. sunny nnd airy
'.-■■• room. ?Pc night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
.TRY Acme Souse, • '" Market it! below Sixth.
'•'• . .'.for a room: "Fc a night: ? a week
' '-.' WINCHESTER House. << third «t.. near Mar* ■
• .... kef .no room«. ?*c night: reading-room: free i
•■ 7 *hu>: and _»_■■»» to arid from th" t»— v.
.' 1
>,;-•'='* . AGENT* WAXTED.
.." ■.WANTED Resident spent to sell goods on
;..'' ' ' Commission by one of the largest Importing
..*.' ■ and dry goods houses in Chicago: must have
ft..'.;,, established trade among, buyers for best
■V- . .. : stores. Reply, statin* terms and sections of
* Si-it" worked, to JOHN McCANN & CO.,
'-,"- : . •' CTdcagn.
.'•• T^ — — * — — * ™— ~— ■ 1^ — 1 — — —^-»—
I:• 7.7. PARTNERS WANTED.
. -'; PARTNER with $5000 In flrst-ciass paying busi-
*• • 'ness: will bear Investigation. Address box
'.' I ' <*•> cy' '-floe, Oakland.
ROOMS WANTED.
' ' ' WANTED— Studio with north light near
• ••■ ■ . Union Square. 319 Powell st. _^
ROOMS AND ROARD WANTED.
•-. GENTLEMAN with reference wants pleasant
. . ' room and board. Box 1342. Call offlce.
I" . AY ANTE MISCELLANEOUS.
I. '■-. WANTED— Quotations on California ripe
I ' ' .. olives In 1 to 5 barrel lots. Address John-
- "... son's Crenmerle. 725 Market St.
-.7. 777 LOST. ~
! $50 REWARD, no questions asked, for return
of 500 shares Champion Mining Company 1
..'. 'represented by certificates 1337 and 1243: trans-
■• . " fer of shares has been stopped, and they
'■'■ . are of no value to any one but owner; above
••-. . reward will be paid In gold coin for return
. : .*' of certificates at time and place Indicated
= by letter to O. P-'HWARZ. 1 O'Farrell st.,
.■; : 'or in personal column of The Call.
■'• .LOST— A pass book with The Hibernia Savings
' and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
bntr.n of ELIJAH SHAW. No. 1&6.-1003. The
.' ' . - : nnder will please return to bank.
..■ STOLEN— Sunday, a brlndle greyhound, 8
.• '. /-'-'-- old; > large reward for Its return to
'•' 12<5 Mastlck St.. San Jose.
■ ■'■. '. LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
r • and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
..,- ■ • hame of MARY MURRAY; No. 211-048. The
* ! ; ' : .tinder will please return to bank.
'I. LOST— December 17 or 18, two pearl
1 ;: . Stick pins, connected with chain; return Call
1 office and claim reward.
. C 27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9-30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. SubscrlD-
'• '. ■ tlo»>° and want ads taker.
\'~ typewriters!
.\:i typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
* . *•". prices. ALEXANDER* CO. ,110 Montgomery.
7a" HAMMOND, $23; Caligraph. $15: Yost. $25*
" get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st!
——————
TO LEASE.
„ TIE" St. Charles Hotel, Redwood City; recent"
1 ' ly renovated; to lease; rent reasonable. Ap-
•L ; ply H. C. SMITH, Hotel St. Nicholas, city.
■" PHYSICIANS. ~~
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, offics
aad residence, _02lh Market, bet 6th and 7th. ,
i.tISINESS CHANCES.
A— s43o; CORNER grocer}' and bar on Folsom
st.; living rooms; rent $20; must be sold ln 3
days; owner called to New York City at
once; a sacrifice. WILKE " UNFUG, 606
Market St.
GENERAL merchandise store, connected with
I itofDoe in lively country town; no oppo-
sition; building, two lots 25x150, $2000: stock
of mdEe about $3000; a rare chance: fullest in-
vestigation given. Call WILKE & UNFUG,
906 Market st.
A— s7so; 1 ORNER grocery and bar, with living |
rooms; rent $25; choicest location In Mission;
nr. 16th st.; flne bargain; owner to leave for j
Australia. WILKE & UNFUG. MM Market st.
A- $500; SALOON, established 8 years, with 8
rooms; rent $56; close to Call building: aver-
age daily receipts $20; owner bought hotel In
Sacramento; bargain. WILKE & UNFUG,
»t0 Market st.
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years; doing good-paying business; death of !
owner cause of sale; 4 living rooms; rent $45.
WILKE & UNFUG. 806 Market _t.
CORNER fruit store. Western Addition;
rf nt $12; living rooms; owner 3 years. STEN- 1
BERG CO., 26ft Kearny st.
$700— RESTAURANT, coffee saloon, opposite
ferry depot; handsomely furnished; doing
good business: thorough investigation before I
buying. STENBERG CO.. 26ft Kearny st.
$2JO— FINE corner saloon; Mission; old estab-
lished; doing good business. STENBERG
CO., 26ft Kearny st.
A— ssoo; PARTNER wanted in good-paying I
commission business; established 25 years;
references exchanged. M. LESS, 765 Market. j
$1000— CONTRACTING business; partner want-
ed. 632 Market St., r.om 8.
$200— RESTAURANT; partner wanted. 632 Mar-
ket St., room 8.
1160— PRINTING business; partner wanted. 632 !
Market st., roifa 8. -,'':•*:
PAYING lodging-house wanted. 632 Market
St., room 8.
CIGAR stand wanted. Apply 632 Market St.,
room 8.
CRISP and plain candy manufacturing;
wholesale and retail: easily learned; value In ;
stock and plant; clears $75 monthly. LESS, i
763 Market st.
$125— GROCERY and bar; 4 rooms; rent $18; |
owner there 15 years. LESS, 765 -Market st.
$225— RESTAURANT; principal street; estab-
lished 2:. years; receipts $14; 4 living rooms;
partners cannot agree; genuine offer; investi-
gate. LESS, 765 Market st.
$600— GREAT bargain; French restaurant; 25c
meals; best location; doing tine business. BA-
SILE, S73ft Market St.
$600— COAL, wood, coal oil, hay, grain; doing
fine business. BASILE, 873 ft Market st.
$200— CIGAR stand; flne location; laundry pays
more than the rent. BASILE. 873 ft Market.
A— s23o; corner saloon; 2 card rooms; $20 daily;
a snap. KREDO & CO.. 22ft Geary St.
A— sl3oo: restaurant, near Market', $60 dally;
best ever offered. KREDO & CO.. 22ft Geary,
A— s4so; bazaar; large stock hardware, crockery,
etc.; cheap rent; living rooms. KREDO & CO.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO., 1008 ft Market st.
A— $800: SOBER, steady man wanted in estab-
lished business; pays $75 a month to each
yearly. MOON & CO., IOOSft Market st.
A— s2oo; PARTNER wanted: $18 to $25 a week
eacl-; trial given; no experience required.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$400— CORNER saloon; bargain this day. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
WANTED— Lady partner In mining proposi-
t ion; 11006 required for development work;
width of lend 8 feet; quartz; mine 60 on top;
gold, silver, per; one mile from railway;
half Interest; will ship pay ore two weeks. i
MINER EXPERT, box 1350, Call office.
PARTNER wanted; paying saloon; will sell all
interest; sickness. 702 Mission st.
AN old-established printing and publishing
business ls offered for sale at a very reason-
able price for cash: A No. 1 offlce, with all
modern Improvements; particulars to those
meaning business. Address box 132, Stock-
toh. Cal.
FOR sale— A good harness business ln a lively
town. Address JOHN ROCCA, Jamestown,
Tuolumne Co., Cah^ ________
$30 PER share; 10 shares capital stock of realty
syndicate; par value $100. 5.03 California, r. 313.
GROCERY and bar at bargain; leaving city.
Call at 2023 Mission st.
TOR sale— Good paying little oyster house.
307 Grant aye.
$60— CIGAR stand: if sold at once; owner leav-
ing city. 304 Fourth St.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 416 Sacramento st.
• LODGING UOCS"_-S FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— ROOMS.
Worth $500
35 rooms, $650, cash price $1300
26-room house; rent $50.. 750
6-room flat; rent $22 250
14 rooms; on Sutter st 450
82 rooms; reduced from $3000 to '. 2300
12 rooms: on Market st; rent $40 450
10-room house; only 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 550
4C-room house; corner 1200
• Abstracts furnished showing clear title.
No contract from buyer or seller required.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market at.
$400—10 ROOMS; new; elegant furniture: must
sell; offer wanted. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
$450— 19- ROOM house; rooms all rented. For
sale only by DECKER, 1020 Market st.
! 50 ROOMS- all bay-windows: clears
I $200 month; price $1600. DECKER. 1020 Mkt.
A— KREDO & CO 22ft Geary st
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms; Rush: parlors for millinery — 550
11 rooms; rent $20: clears $40 225
14 rooms; best on Stockton; a snap 500
21 rooms; Mission st.: clears $100 1200
23 rooms; Fifth: flne business corner 600
35 rooms; Grant aye.; corner; new 1400
45 rooms; be9t corner Kearny st 1300
A— s4ooo; 240 rooms; guaranteed to clear $330
per month: trial given. KREDO & CO.
■ - -TWO BARGAINS
25 rooms; near Market; sacrifice $r.25
- 50 rooms; rent $50; great bargain 1000
"WINSTON -CO.. 646 Market St.
COMPLETELY furnished rooming house (73
rooms) to rent, with privilege of buying;
centrally located; doing good business. Ad-
dress box 682, Call.
A— S2OOO: 45 rooms; Stockton St.; rent $90; clears
$100. SPECK &CO COS Market st.
GOOD transient lodging house, 35 rooms; price
$S00; within 2 blocks of Market st Box 1279.
Pall office. ____________:
! LODGING-HOUSE. 31 rooms; all light rooms;
}7,"0. 739 Folsom st
HORSES.
FOR sale so head of horses suitable for any
business; also lot of harness; at Turk-st. cur
stables. 1301 Turk st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers,
1 1 — ■— >— — — — ■ —
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
10") SET second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
FOR BAUD— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
$16-LATEST style Singer tailor machine-
large oak table. IJOJ Powell St.
HORSE, harness and buggy for sale cheap.
{ Address box 1293, Call offlce.
FINE milch cow for sale cheap. Apply 190
Precita' aye.
SINGER shoe-patching machine, nearly new,
$20. 562 Mission St.
BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), offlce fixtures, cash register,
scales, coffee mills, etc., bought and sold: es-
tlmates given, J. SCHWERDT, 821 Mission.
BARNES screw-cutting lathe; complete 12 In.,
swing. 42 in., bet. centers; almost new. 64S
Mission.
BARNES screw-cutting lathe, complete; 12-
Inch swing: 42 Inches between centers; almost-
new. . C4B Mission st.
WANTED— 6 to 10 cases of eggs per week. Box
ISI7. Call office. .
GASOLINE launch; good condition and fast;
. price $1250. Box 1301. Call office.
COO MATED pigeons, squabs, coops, etc.. cheap.
fill Turk Ft. ■
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture. store ahd office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth. : . ■
FOR belting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys,
etc., Cal. Belt Co.. tel. Br. 331. 519 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting, dynamos;
second hand. WHITE'S. 516-618-520 Mission.
SAFES— Hermann Sale Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st. y
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost 109-111 Market, S. F.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap.
HT'FSCHMIDT. 62$ Golden Gate aye.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, scld. exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. .201 Fourth st .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1899.
( PERSONALS.
NOTICE^ ; .
WM. EHREXPFORT
RETIRING SALE.
The old-established house of Wm. Ehrenp-
fort offers Its stock of CARPETS. LINO-
LEUMS, WINDOW SHADES, ETC.. at a
sacrifice. This well-known firm has been ln
business 45 years, and Its reputation for high-
grade goods and low prices have been exceled
by none. MR. EHRENPFORT announces to
his friends and patrons that all the stock
hiust be disposed of within 10 days. This j
sale means the positive closing of the old re-
Uable house located at 1323 Market St. i
NOTICE TO INVESTORS! - "
Wave motor, the most scientific and practi- ;
cal one ever patented, can be seen In full
working order for a few days at 523 Mission
St.; patent rights for the United States. Brit-
ish North America and Germany; this Is a
rare chance for a few men with a little capi-
tal to Invest in a company that will harness
the waves for work. the power of the future.
A FRIEND wishes to Inform the former friends
and patrons of MME. A. WILLFORD (80
years of age) "that she Ib now at the Park
House, corner of Twenty-fourth and -Mission
els., and would be glad to be helped to a \
living by selling her excellent Hair Restorer
and Cleanser, or by applying it personally.
LEDERER— Is the leader ln hairdresslng here;
employs artists only; charges but 25e for styl-
ish coiffures; switches $1 up. LEDERER'S
Foama, flne shampoo, Cc pkg. 123 Stockton.
JAPANESE goods, bamboo furniture, Spanish
drawn work, wholesale and retail. Okuno
Company, 507 Larkin st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 41 Third st, near Market; 200 rooms;
2Ec to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to end from the ferry.
DON'T let that worry you: LEDERER'S Qui-
nonia is the Hair Tonic that will make your
hair grow. Cc bottle. 123 Stockton St.
ARTISTIC bamboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tall; all kinds fancy work to order. K.
YOSHITANI & CO., 313 Sutter st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
THE MODERN, 34 4th, nr. Mkt.— Baths, 12ftc;
separate entrance for ladles; first-class.
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth st. Alameda,
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEIIOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS.
LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week: perfeot fitting
patterns. McDowell School. 103 Post st. .
SILK or cloth dress, $5 to $6; dress made over;
perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market: men and women teachers.
SPIRITUALISM:
ADVICE and Assistance for All. ~""~
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee $1 and upward.
Reveals your entire life from the cradle to
the grave.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance Ib priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
ail diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
Corner Market, Mason and Turk sts.
ATTENTION— If you want to see a medium
see the best; tells everything; valuable In-
formation given to users of morphine: 5 ques-
tions by mall $1. LEANDER, 313 Eddy st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
ATTEND MRS. EEERHARDT'3 parlor test
meetings, 2 p. m. 937 Guerrero St., near
Twenty-second, 10c.; readings dally.
MRS. MANDENA medium, palmist: readings.
25c; satisfaction guaranteed. 234 ft Sixth st.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. 116 Haight st. •::.. -*r
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
Mon. 8: 23c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
_____________
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
In San Francisco, at 1023 ft Market St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh; while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove Influence, bad habits; will
give correct Information on law suits, sick-
ness, death, divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1023 ft Mkt.
MRS. DALINE, arrived from the East; palm-
istry and card reader. 953 ft Howard; satis-
faction guaranteed.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 1046 Mission
st, bet. Sixth and Seventh, downstairs. ::•.*- y
SEND lock of hair land 50c with 5 questions.
1131 Broadway; klrls of mediums.
GYPSY life reader./of 3 7th St., now 923 Mis-
sion, bet. Eth anil 6th; 25c and 50c; no sign.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist
101 Eddy anil 13 Mason st, parlor I.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE. card reading. 417
Bush st.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CLAIRVOYANT card readings; 10c; ladles
only. 543 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
EVELYN FOWLER, mind reader and palm-
Ist. Call 120 Ellis St.. room 4.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. HOT Mission, nr. Bth.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 250 up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader:
past, present ann future: 26c. 148 fith. rm. 10.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
. PALMISTRY.
MRS. KATE BLAIR, scientific palrnlstT~l43
Phelan building, third floor,
MUSICAL - INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 60 PER ~MO^^INhTALLMENTs7I_N_)
UPWARD.
$3 £0 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright.... $285 00
Steinway upright 187 50
V. Chlckerlng upright 215 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright.... 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy dlreot
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
13« Ellis st. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy I
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and i
$6 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
cts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. ,
26, 2"! and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and !
all other musical Instruments of all grades
end prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. . ;.*,;•. - "-
A FEW Bargains Until Christmas Only:
Sterling piano; rosewood case $i»o
Royal piano: oak rase 197
Miller piano, rosewood case 193
$«*, per month: guaranteed 5 years.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
THE best bargains In the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 760 Market st. Call and see
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
1 SQUARE Chlckerlng piano, ln first-class or-
der, $60. 9 Bartlett, bet. Twenty-first and
Twenty-second ets.
AN elegant almost new Hallett & Davis up-
right; cheap. Room*lo, Flood building.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hailet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 308 Post st.
A FINE Steinway and new Chickering upright
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S. 7013 Van Ness < lV
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st. _^
HAINES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 824 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant*
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Fairell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. w!
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton!
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice; open t-gs. Atty J.icCabe. 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees ln advance.
7 1/7 HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSES to let; all parts of city; send for
printed circular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14
Montgomery st.
PERRY. 212%— 8 ay-window house, 4 rooms;
ren* $12 50; water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., Incorporated.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
BUNNY bay-window cottage, 5 rooms; also flat
of 6 rooms and bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth
st., near Dolores.
____-_—___-__
FLATS TO UST.
A 47 FLATS, 3to 4 rms., $6 to $10; 10 days free.
A— B3 flats, sto 8 rooms, $11 up; 10 days free.
A— lo rooms, $25 up. SPECK & CO., 602 Mkt.
FILLMORE, 1912— Nice sunny corner flat, 7
rooms and bath; $25; half month free.
, SEVENTH, 454, cor. Bryant— A sunny 5-room
flat; apply between 1 and 3.
I WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
3 LARGE sunny rooms, with kitchen; bath-
room. 1136 Folsom st.
541 CASTRO, bet. ISth and 19th— $17 50; dry-
sunny upper flat 6 rooms: porcelain bath.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CAPP, 329—2 sunny rooms upstairs complete \
for housekeeping; bath.
CLAY, 2419, near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water; rear; $7.
EDDY, 917— Desirable sunny connecting house-
keeping rooms; upper floor; private residence.
FIFTH, New house; nicely furnished,
sunny, connecting suites; complete for house-
keeping.
FILLMORE. 2114—2 sunny rooms; furnished for
housekeeping.
FOLSOM. 1136—3 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping- rent $12 50.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 229— Two nicely furnish-
ed rooms; gas; bath.
GOLDEN GATE, 811— Large sunny room for
light housekeeping; complete; gas and bath;
references; $10.
HOWARD, 527, Hanover House— Two furnished
sunny housekeeping rooms, $9 per month.
LARGE sunny room, suitable for light house-
keeping; folding bed; $1 per week: $4 per
month. Apply at shoe store, 662 Mission st.,
bet. First and Second ets.
LARKIN. 433— Neatly furnished bay-window
housekeeping rooms; hot and cold water.
MCALLISTER, 422— Sunny front room, with
kitchen.
MISSION, 563—1 or 2 nice housekeeping rooms;
cheap.
MISSION. Front room with kitchen;
corner with grate; $10, $8, $4.
POWELL. 903, nr. Sacramento— fur. rms. ;
complete for housekpg; grate; bath; private.
SOUTH PARK, IS4— 2 sunny rooms; furnished
for housekeeping; rent, $9.
THIRD, 309— Sunny front rooms; single, double;
nicely furished, housekeeping; low rent.
THIRTEENTH, 318—2 large sunny connecting
rooms complete for housekeeping; rent rea-
sonable.
TWELFTH, 145— Sunny furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping.
VAN NESS, 400— Elegantly furnished sunny
corner. 3 rooms and bath: hkpg: reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny sL— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; flrst-ciass
in every respect; terms reasonable. ,
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single: facing plaza; day or month.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Elegant cor. sunny suites
and single rooms to families and gentlemen;
all conveniences; elevator, etc.; reasonable.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth st., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains, .
BURNETT. 1361 Market st— Nicely furnished :
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
DELAWARE. 1433 Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY. HS— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central: very desirable; $6 per month upward.
FIFTH, — Clean, sunny, furnished 3-room
flat, $20; also 3, $12; 2. $12; single. $5.
FIFTH. 438 (Mechanics' House)— Rooms, single
or suite, $1 wk. up; transient. F. W. Gardener.
FURNISHED— Two single rooms for rent. Ap-
ply 2929 Sixteenth bet. Mission and Howard.
GOLDEN West Lodging "House, 439 Jackson st.,
bet. Montgomery and Sansome; rms. at 10c,
15c and 20c per day; $1 per wk., $3 per mo.
GRAND SOUTHERN. BE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, Rooms of all kinds, $1 week
up; housekeeping, $2 up; transient, 23 cents
to $1. ■ * * ■
HOWARD, 933%— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms and bath, $1 per week and up.
HOWARD, Single furnished front room,
$6 mo.; gentlemen preferred; private family.
JONES, Nicely furnished sunny front bay-
window large room; light housekeeping priv-
ileges; private. .
MCALLISTER, 816 _ connecting rooms, unfur-
nished.
MINNA, 436— or two houaekeeplng rooms;
large sunny front room.
i MINNA. 667, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1112 — Front looms; furnished or
housekeeping; $3 month.
MISSION, Partly furnished 8 rooms: mod-
ern conveniences; warm belt; suitable for
doctor. '
O'FARRELL, 20— sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
PINE, 514 A. near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms: single or en suite: moderate.
POWELL. Fomerly "Cosmos ' Club"— Ele-
gantly furnished rooms; reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth at.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SUTTER. 1111— Clean and comfortable rooms;
single and en suite; very reasonable rates;
also housekeeping.
TENTH, 123, near Market— Large sunny front
bay-window room.
TWELFTH, 40. near Market— Nicely furnished
front room, fori or 2: with gas; $6 or $7.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
BUSH. 534— Newly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms, with or without board; reason-
able.
FIRST, Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Falrmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture: first class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
HOWARD, 2606— Large sunny room, grate,
large closet, with family board for 2. $40.
O'FARRELL, 411— A sunny furnished room for
2. with hoard, $40; gas, bath.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms: ex-
cellent board; reasonable; table board.
SUTTER. Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed* : reasonable.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
IN rood home, mother's care; reasonable; near
school. Call at 1052 East 16th St., Oakland.
CHILD to board: nice home; block from
school: $*■! month. 1414 21st aye.. E. Oakland.
" ' — . ' ■ . , i
STORES TO LET.
MONTGOMERY aye.. 314. nr. Dupont— Latin
quarter; rent $40. ASH ToN & GARDINER
BARBER shop, furnished, for rent cheap. 3119
Fillmore st. \
PACIFIC. 321 and 325, comer Sansome— Large,
handsome stores; very cheap. -
SPLENDID location for dressmaker, dress find- .
ings and notion store or for millinery. 701
McAllister st.. near Cough.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 827 Market :
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 60
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
_________-__^ — — —
CITY* Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng Workß. 553-337 Tehama st.: tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 2 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL.. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate nve.. tel. East 126.
STORAGE.
A NEW fireproof brick bldg. ; cut rates. BCRIB-
NEB & <*"0., 1145 Mission st., beL 7th and Bth.
I-TERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlce 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 671 X |
CITY REAL ESTATE.
CHOICE REAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
$500— Lot 26x87, on Kearny st. .
$sCo— Lot 26x105, Noe St., near Twentieth.
$1600— Hayes Valley; cozy 4-room cottage.
$17i'U— good flats; rents $20.
$2000— Cozy 6-room cottage; near Geary st
$3000— Golden Gate aye. ; corner grocery.
$2900— 10-room house; Clay st., near ; Mason.
$5750— Four flats on Geary, near Devlsadero.
$6750— Three flats near Sutter and Stockton.
$11,000— Corner; 6 flats; all rented, $120.
$12,000— Ellis, nr. Taylor; good improvements.
$10,C00j— Washington St.: 2 fiats; rents $85.
$11,000— Turk St., near Jones; good building.
$7000— O'Farrell st., near Jones; 10 rooms.
$15,000— O'Farrell St., vicinity Powell.
$13,000— Sutter St., 3 flats; rents $1500.
- $18,000— Geary-st. corner; 28-foot front
J s2l,ooo— st.; 38x120; near Jones.
$28,000— Mason st., near Market.
* $25,000— St.; '75-foot front; 12 flats.
$46,600— Turk St., near Mason; 35-foot front.
$50,000— Taylor, near Market: rents $300.
$80,000— 70x80; rents $400; nr. O'Brien's.
$90,000—300x240; warehouse; near Fourth st.
$95,000— Powell and Ellis; one tenant; $500.
$110,000— Cor. ; grand 6-story brick: rents $600.
$124,000— Near Emporium; rents $720 month.
$140,000— Stone, Iron, copper; 6-story; rents
$9000. Other bargains.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
$20 MONTHLY" will buy a new 7-room and bath
cottage with all the latest Improvements;
only one block from the electric cars. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up; repair
worn done; will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY.
Builder. 521 X St.. Sunset District.
PROPERTY WANTED.
SMALL piece of land, 5 to 20 acres, within 30
miles of S. F. ; no agents. Box 1478. Call.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk st., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patient?, with
every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 519 Eddy St.. between
Hyde and Larkin.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: su.-j relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, heme,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-curt! sent; call or write, free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home ln con-
finement: skillful medical attention: all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable speciali-*- free and confidential. J.iRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL of Dr. -Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female, diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects: taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive: price $1 50 per box. sent free by mall
on receipt of price: consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant
aye., S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female troubles; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure; no medicine or Instruments used; con-
sultation free; pills and capsules. $1; cure $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed cure
at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly; consult
, free; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL, 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— LadIes ln trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure In 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints: n.. Instru-
ments; maternity home; best . medical at-
tendance: cure. $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt.. bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly Irregularities restored:
whatever cause; all cases relieved immediate-
ly; call or write; confidential. 1023% Market.
ALLmarried ladles know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & C 0. .406 Clay St.;
$1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 7312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort: beat care and attendance; terms
moderate: Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal. -
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladles cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Beilevueav., Los Angeles.
LADIES ln trouble see DR. WILMONT. mid-
wife. 101 Eddy St.. room 9; consultation free.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second st. ; tel. Green 52.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blow pipe anal., chemistry", geol.,
mineral, surveying, math., cyanide method,
etc. Electrical— and practice, construc-
tion, mech. drawing. Business—
ing, business practice, shorthand, typing,
languages, English; 24 teachers, day and
eve.: catalogue free. Healds' Business Col-
lege. 24 Post st.
A SINGING and operatic training school. Parts
graduate; classes now forming; term, 6 mo.,
$75 piano: languages, French and Spanish,
course, $30: special training during second
term for Paris Exposition, 1900. Rooms C and
20, Mercantile bldg., 530 Golden Gate aye.
ROBERT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical Short-
hand and Typewriting School; court reporter
17 years; pupils qualified to be court reporters;
terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
Parrott building, rooms 430-31-32.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc. ; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
PROF. MERKI, 1008 Mission, nr. Sixth— Violin,
mandolin, guitar. Juvenile class, $1 monthly:
guitarists wanted for mandolin club; no dues.
A LADY teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly;
BOc hour: excellent pianist & accompanist for
entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. : day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory ln
Lelpslc; lessons, 75c. 110 Hyde st.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th st.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1238 Mar-
ket St.; 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tan*. 572 Parrott bldg.
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlor— Best work at
' lowest prices. Full set of teeth $5 up; fillings,
25c up. All work absolutely painless: written
guarantee; painless extraction by electricity
our specialty: ten skilled operators; no stu-
dents: the largest and handsomest dental par-
lors west of Chicago; open evening and all
day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber: full set of teeth. $5; crowns, $3: fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty:
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no student; employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mabon sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings. Ke; ___. gold
crowns, $3; gold bridge, $3; plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS, 968 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
CROOME Dental Office; best work; lowest
prices; painless extracting, filling; crown and
bridge work a specialty; plates, $3 up; filling,
500 up.' 759 Market, bet. 3d & 4th; esl^ 20 yrs.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
col. ToN Dental \sßoclatlon. 806 Market st.
DR. CHARLES "V. DECKER.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. 11. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4; filling, gold. ■>: stiver. 25c: crowns. $3.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT NOTICE — Wlttram Propeller
Company, office and principal place of busi-
ness. 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held on tha 12th day
of December, IS9B, an assessment (No. 3)
of one (1) cent per share was levied upon the
capital stock of the corporation, payable Im-
mediately in United States gold coin to the j
secretary at the offlce of the company at the
. above address.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 17th day of January,
' 1 .99, will be delinquent and advertised for
sale at public auction, and unless payment
is made before, will be sold on the 3d day
.of February, 1899. to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale. By order of .the Board of
Directors.
CHARLES A. HUG. Secretary,
/•*.■* '■■■ 'yyy; Ty.:-' 327 Market st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
169 ACRES land belonging to estate of Mar-
garet P. McCourtney, deceased, located in
Monterey County; offered at private probate
sale for* purpose of paying debts of estate;
appraised at $100; any offer above $360 re-
ceived, subject tf) confirmation. For particu-
lars address RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY,
Executor, 470 Thirteenth St.. Oakland. S
WANTED— An improved ranch for elegant cor-
ner 4-story brick building and lot; 62*100 feet;
building cost $40,000; used as a first-class
hotel. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Mar-
ket st -
FOR Country home of F. S. Wensln-
ger; 623 acres, -with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGES.
WILL exchange 3 claims on Dominion Creek,
Klondike country, for quartz property In Cali-
fornia. Apply to C. A. MACOMBER. 916
Market st., room 28, between 10 and 12.
GOOD quartz mine on the mother lode. Cala-
veras Co., and 25 lots ln this city, all clear,
to exchange for a general ranch. Address
box 1274. Call.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ACKNOWLEDGED to be responsible, respect-
able and reliable; loans made on diamonds,
Jewels, stocks, bonds and all articles of value;
lowest Interest; private entrance and room;
perfect secrecy; phone Brown 523; our own
building; established 1851. UNci-E HAR-
RIS. 15 Grant aye.
LOANS on furniture or pianos ln S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without !
removal: no commission; no delays. J. I
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above !
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. S4« Market st.; tel. Main 1644.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. 10034 Broadway,
Oakland. Hours. 10 to S.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. ISO Powell st.
ANY amount of 6% per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate ln pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason st.. opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mlsslon: private. LTCK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
8--) TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg.;
nnv proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED- $1000 for 1 or 2 years :"FpVr~cenV
Address INCOME, Branch office Call, 387
Hayes st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ELEGANT home, A.ams Point property, ad-
joining Vernon Heights; a beautiful new resi-
dence, Just built; 9 rooms, bath, reception
hall, two pantries, etc.; plumbing latest and
best: plate glass windows: hot air heater,
with pipes to all rooms and halls; lot 60x125;
more land can be had if desired; this ls
certainly a model residence; picture of same
will be sent on application: price $6000; terms
to suit purchaser. LAKE SHORE LAND
CO., A. H. BREED, manager, 1070 Broadway,
Oakland. Cal. A >.
—^^ — i — — — ————————— —■————__——■■__, ___M^
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL^-
HA^S* old store. 408 Eleventh St. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$800—60x126 LOT on San Antonio aye.
$1100—30x268 lot on Benton st„ near Santa
Clara aye. ... .: > i
$1500— New 6-room cottage, on Grand st. ; work
all done.
$2500— house. 8 rooms; windmill and
tank.
jsr.no— soxlso elegant new house, 8 rooms;
modern; at Morton-st. station; easy terms.
Bargains In all parts of Alameda. Office
open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKhi-iIV REAL ESTATE.
A VERY sensible New Year's present— A love-
ly cottage of 7 rooms; all the latest Improve-
ments; street work all done and near the
university; a regular poem. J. J. MASON,
real estate, Berkeley station.
MART-TAG.. LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Alfred N. Hervy and Jeanne M. Barreau.. 4o-29
Hans P. Hansen and Annie Stark 27-34
Thomas Dolf and Ida L. Baker 81-27
P. A. da Silveira and Maria E. de Me 110. .23-23
O. Burton-Waterman and Mary Sparrow. .23-20
Jacob E. Kramer and Cassle W. Stevens.. 2l-20
j John W. Gheen and Agnes V. Porter 30-23
: Giuseppe Cuneo and Maria Ferrari 28-23
j Louis P. Waterman and Cora Hay 5... . . . ..30-26
~ LEGAL _ NOTICES. ~
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— Estate of~I9AAC
S. BELCHER, deceased. Notice is hereby
given by the Undersigned executrix of the es-
tate of ISAAC 8. BELCHER, deceased, to
the creditors of and all persons having j
Claims against the said deceased, tiff exhibit
them, with the necessary vouchers, within |
ten months after the first publication of this j
notice, to the said executrix, at the office
of RICHARD BELCHER. Belcher building,
Marysville, California, the same being her
place for the transaction of the business of
the said estate. ADELINE N. BELCHER
Executrix of the Estate or ISAAC S. BEL-
CHER deceased.
Dated at San Francisco. December 19. 1898.
• RICHARD BELCHER,
Belcher building, Marysville, Cal., Attorney
for Executrix.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
. Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
BACHRACH— In this city, January 3, 1899, to
the wife of It. W. Bachrach, a daughter.
BOND— In this city, December 31, 18PS, to the
wife of James Bond, a daughter.
FORSELL— In this city, January 10, 1899, to the
wife of Gus Forsell, a daughter.
KESSELER— In this city, January 9, 1599, to
the wife of F. A. Kesseler, a son.
LEARNED— this city, January 8, 1899, to
the wife of H. G. Learned of Stockton, a
daughter.
SULLIVAN— In this city, December 28, 1898, to
the wife of J. J. Sullivan, a daughter.
SYLVESTER— In this city, January 9, 1839, to
the wife of Daniel A. Sylvester, a son.
_________
"Tabbied.
BURNHAM — McCORMACK — In this city.
January 7. 1899, by the Rev. E. J. Lion, Dr.
William P. Burnham of San Francisco and
Agnes Marie McCormack of San Jose.
THOMSON— In this city, January
7, 1899, by the Rev. J. J. Prendergast, Frank
,T. Drlscoll and Jennie V. Thomson.
ROTHBERG-MONARCH-In this city. Janu-
ary 8, 1899, by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Abraham
Rothberg and Rose Monarch, both of San
Francisco.
_ died]
Bushman, John Lyons, Ellen
Chase, Charles M. McGregor, Robert E.
De Lor, Albert H. McSweeney, James P.
Dahlgren, Joseph B. Mangels, Ester
Dare, Starr ** Morris, Joseph
Hagerty. Margaret Mortenson. Henrietta
Hathaway, Aaron D. Muenter, Walter G.
Hauser, Louisa Nagel, Edward 11.
Heineberg. Rika Nelson, Mary
Herbert, John E. O'Brien, John J.
landman. Edmund Portney, John
Honen, Andrew Rutten, Elizabeth
Johnston, Clara M. ■ Sandbach. Henry M.
Jones, Agnes Snow, Mary
Kearney, Barney Waldeck. Henriette
Kearns, Chris Watt, Charles H.
Kreye. Adoiph F. F. Wilson, Mrs. E. G.
Lenhardt, Mrs. Anna i
BCSHMAN— In this city, January 8, 1899, John
Bushman, a native of Leeste, Ann Byke,
Germany, aged 62 years 6 months and 13 days.
t_** Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Theodor Dierks, 907 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth.
CHASE— In this city, January' 9,' 1899, at his
residence, 2700 California street. Charles i
Metaphor, husband of Kate Chase, a native
of Baltimore, Md., aged 67 years. (Baltimore j
papers please copy.)
E7"The* funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Ter- '
ple, northwest corner Post and Montgomery
'.-' streets.
DE LOR— In this city, January 10, 1899, Albert
Hunter De Lor. beloved and only child of
Mrs. William Brownrlgg. a native of I San
Francisco, aged 5 years 2 months and 10 days.
DAHLGREN— In this city, January 10. ISM,
Joseph 8., beloved husband of Wllhelmina
Dahlgren, a native of Orrofors, Sweden, aged
33 years 2 months and IS days.
DARE— Huntsvllle, Ala., December 31, 1898,
Starr, husband of Abble V. Dare, and son of
John T. and Mary Annette Dare, a native of
Vallejo, Cal., aged 25 years 1 month and 8 \
days.
tCTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:45 o'clock, from the Presi-
dio Chapel. -•..-.
HAGERTY— In this city. January 9, 1899, Mar-
garet, relict of the late Daniel Hagerty, and
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. A. C. For-
sythe, Mrs. John Connell. Mrs. George Chase,
Mrs. John Lnlly and Sadie, Robert, William,
John and Frank Hagerty, a native of County
Louth, Ireland, aged 62 years 7 months an-
il days.
tC^'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at S:3j o'clock, from her late
residence, 12198 Fulton street, thence to Sa-
cred Heart Church, Fillmore and Fell streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9:45 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. ...
HATHAWAY— In this city. January 9, ISO 9.
Aaron D. Hathaway, brother of Andrew H.
Hathaway, a native of Assonet, Freetown.
Mass-, aged 65 years 4 months and 22 days.
_ ll^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at
1:30 clock, from the parlors of Halsted &
Co., 946 Mission street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
HAUSER— In this city, January 10, 1899, Louisa
Hauser, beloved mother of Joe and Jack Con-
rad, a native of Switzerland, aged 65 years.
tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Folsom-
street German M. E. Church, Folsom street,
near Fifth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2429 Mission street,
near Twenty-first.
I HEINEBERG— In this city, January 9. 1899,
Rika Heineberg. beloved mother of Joseph,
Jacob, Laura, Elfrieda and Golda Heineberg,
Mrs. M. Blumenthal and Mrs. B. F. Phillips,
a native of Westphalia, Germany, aged 71
years and 10 months.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1519 Jackson street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. Please omit
flowers.
HERBERT— In this city. January 7. 1899. John
E., beloved son of Edmond and Ellen Her-
bert, a native of Manchester, England, aged
30 years and 6 months.
JCTThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors .
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue.
Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. v
lIINDMAN— In Oakland. January 10. MM, Ed-
mund Hlndman, a native of Connecticut, aged
86 years.
HONEN— In this city, January 10, 1899. An-
drew, beloved son of Gabriel and Marie
Honen, and brother of Charles and the late
Mamie Rones, a native of San Francisco,
aped 27 years and 10 months.
JOHNSTON— In Stockton, Cal., January 9,
18M, Clara Mabel, Infant daughter of Alice
M. and Walter E. Johnston, a native of
Stockton, aged 1 month and 11 days.
JONES— In Petaluma. January 10. 1899, Agnes,
dearly beloved daughter of Captain Robert
and Mrs. M. J. Jones, aged 23 years 5 months
and 14 days.
- Friends and acquaintances are reject-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the home of
the parents, Petaluma.
KEARNEY— In this city, January 8, 1559. Bar-
ney, beloved husband of Celia Kearney,
father of Mamie, Frances, Roddy and Ben-
ford Kearney, and brother of Roger Kearney
and Mrs. James Doherty, a native of Ire-
land, aged 38 ears.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1 Essex place, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, whore a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
j KEARNS— In the City and County Hospital.
January 10, 1899, Chris Kearns, a native of
Ireland, seed 33 years.
KREYE— In Oakland, January 10. 1899, Adoiph
Fred Frank, Infant son of Adoiph and Ma-
thilda Kreye. a native of Oakland, aged 2
months and 2?, days.
LENHARDT— this city, January 10, 1899,
Mrs. Anna Catherina Lenhardt. beloVid
mother of Captain George A. Raabe, a native
of . Kurshessen, Germany, aged 87 years 4
, months and a days. (Eastern papers please
copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her son, 2883 Twenty-first street, between
Harrison and Folsom. By special request of
Captain George A. Raabe, the gentlemen are
asked to keep their huts on at the grave in
the interest of health. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
LYONS— In this city, January' 10, 1899. Ellen,
beloved wife of Charles Lyons, a native of
County Corlow, Ireland, aged 54 years.
MCGREGOR— In Los Angeles. January 10, 1899,
Robert Evan, beloved son of the late Joseph
and Fannie McGregor, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 33 years 4 months and 12 days.
McSWEENEY— In this city. January 9. 1899.
James Paul, beloved husband of Margaret
McSw eeney. and father of Paul, Lloyd and
the late Irene McSweeney, a native of Ire-
land, aged 32 years 7 months and 2 days. A
member of Magnolia Lodge No. 41, A. O. U.
W.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
.(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his Gale
residence, 3940 Clay street, thence to Star of
the Sea Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MANGELS— In this city. January 9. 1599. Ester,
dearly beloved daughter of Henry and Pearl.
Mangels, sister of Pearl. August and Mabel
Mangels, and granddaughter of Mrs. Anna
Muller, a native of 'San Francisco, aged 2
years 4 months and 7 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 1142V4 Folsom street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MORRIS— In this city. January 9, 1899, Joseph
Morris, brother of Moses. Frank and Louis
Morris of Berkeley and Mrs. Amelia' Rich-
ard of Montana, a native of Vermont, aged
63 years and 6 months.
MORTENSON— In Oakland, January 10, 1899,
Henrietta F., wife of Charles G. Mortenson.
and mother of Claude N.. Henry and Deta
Mortenson, a native of San Francisco, aged
36 years 8 months and 10 days.
irs"Not!ce of funeral hereafter.
MUENTER— In this city. January 10. IS"9. Wal-
ter George, dearly beloved son of Charles and
Katherine Muenter. and brother of William,
Emma, Oscar and Edward Muenter, a native
of San Francisco, aged 16 years 1 month and
6 days.
(ETThe funeral will take dace to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
Of his parents, 140 Juniper street, between
Tenth and Eleventh, Harrison and Bryant.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
NAGEL— In this city, January 10. 1899, Ed-
ward H. W., dearly beloved son of Theodore j
and Bertha Nagel, and brother of Erna Na-!
gel, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years
6 months and 15 days.
NELSON— In this city, January 10. 1899, Mary,
beloved wife of the late Captain Henry Nel-
son, a native of Ireland, aged 63 years 2
months and a days.
X?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, So3»_ Treat avenue, between Twenty-
first and Twenty-second streets. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ■•■■■■* -\-
O'BRIEN— this city, January 10, 1899, John
Joseph, beloved son of John and Mary
O'Brien, and brother of Margaret and Robert
O'Brien, a native of San Francisco, aged 9
years 2 months and 25 days. --'.■*
(_7"Friend» and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow^
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 31 Lexington avenue,
thence to Mission Dolores Church for serv-
ices at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PORTNEY— In this city. January 10, 1899. John,
beloved husband of the late Margaret Port-
ney, brother of Kate, James and Mary Port-
ney, and nephew of the late William Noonan,
a native of the parish of Conna. County:
Cork. Ireland, aged. 3l years.
(j_yFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his aunt, Mrs. Noonan, 616 Sixth
street, thence to St. Rose's Church. Brannan
street, where a requiem high mass will ba
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
RUTTEN— January 10, 1899. Elizabeth, beloved
wife of John C. Rutten. and mother of John,
Edward and Henry Rutten, a native of Eng-
land, aged 36 years.
SANDBACH— In this city, January 9, 1899.
Henry M. W. Sandbach, a native of England,
aged 46 years 7 months and 6 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 123
Stockton street, corner of Geary. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric can.
SNOW— Los Angeles, January 9, 1899, Mary,
wife of Mortimer Snow, mother of Mortimer
Jr. and George H. Snow, beloved daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. A. Stockmeyer of San Fran-
cisco, and sister of Mrs. Henry Norman. Mrs.
W. Birch and Christie and Jennie Stock-
meyer. aged 26 years 5 months and 21 days.
WALDECK— In this city, January 9, 1899, at
her residence, 110 San Jose avenue Henriette
Johanna, beloved wife of Ernst Waldeck. and
mother of Minna. Frledrich and Emma Wal-
deck, a native of Essen, Hanover. Germany,
aged 49 years 7 months and 24 days. (New
York Staats-Zeitung please copy.)
[C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
January IS, at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dierks. 9."7 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
WATT— this city, January 10, 1899, Charles
H. Watt, aged 71 years.
WIL§ON— In Santa Rosa, January 9, 1899, Mrs.
E. G. Wilson, mother of Mrs. F. A. Richard-
son and Mrs. H. L. Hall.
_ I i
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan ft Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALT'ERIk
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln _c_-oi.
Telephone South 80.
__fl______—_i ■■______W^^_______________B_____BM
I McAVOY <fc CO., |
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS 9
I 1235 Market st., between Sth and 9th. 1
I . ' . . Telephone. South 247, I
1314
HE TRIPPED ON A WIRE
AND CAUGHT A BULLET
A BURGLAR MEETS WITH A WARM RE
CEPTION.
Got Away With Two Hundred Dollars' Worth
of Property From Shreve's Gun Store
on Market Street.
THE police are searching for a burglar
who is supposed to have been wound
ed after breaking into the store of
George W. Shreve at 739 Market
Street at an early hour yesterday morning.
Shreve carries a varied assortment of
Sporting goods, and to outwit the mid
night marauder he had a number of
•wires placed in his store which were con
nected with various bells. But one of the
Wires was also attached to a loaded re
volver, which was placed In such a posi
■■ tion as to "cover" the Stevenson-street
' entrance to the ace.
;,'•* Shortly after midnight Monday the
..' burglar, for whom the police^are search
.: ln£, cut his way into the store and in
■ doing so destroyed the wire which was
' attached to a gong over the front entrance.
: : -After entering the store the nocturnal
- Visitor stepped on the secret wire at
7.*tached to the loaded revolver. The
" weapon was Immediately discharged, and
•••from the fact that blood stains were
' found on the showcases the police are
v convinced that the burglar was wounded
.'*• fry »he discharge.
• . Evidently determined to rob the store
'. anyway, the desperate crook broke open
several showcases and assisted himself
itb a miscellaneous assortment of pistols
..and knives, which are valuod at $200.
BRICKLAYERS
SAY THEY HAVE
BEEN DEFRAUDED
;:Thos. Fitzgerald Sues
Bateman Bros.
THEY REFUSE TO PAY HIM
ANOTHER CROOKED SCHEME IN
". THE HALL OF JUSTICE.
Stiles, a Sub-Contractor, Demands
Receipts for Unpaid Wages
in Order to Secure
Money.
' A suit will be commenced In Justice of
the Peace Cook's court this morning by
Thomas Fitzgerald, a bricklayer, recently
employed on the new Hall of Justice,
against Bateman Bros., the contractors.
The purpose of the suit is to recover
.$167 70 for work done on the new munici
pal building on Washington and Kearny
.streets, the claim to which Bateman
•jßros. dispute on the ground that they
'never employed Fitzgerald, although he
: -worked for over eighteen months under
their indirect supervision. Fitzgerald
'maintains that the contractors are in
.■league with their foreman and Sub-Con
tractor William Stiles to defraud the nine
teen or more masons who were employed
on the new building.
';-': ."Bateman Bros. ha*ve refused repeat
-7 edly to acknowledge me as being In their
.employ," said Fitzgerald yesterday, In
. outlining the crooked work of his em
ployers. "When I asserted m- claim they
referred me to Stiles, who recused to as
" sume the responsibility, tolling me that I
would have to see the principal contract
ors if I expected to get any money.
Knowing that this was simply a trick be
tween Stiles and Bateman Bros., I finally
• came to the conclusion, after almost beg
ging them to give me the money coming
to me. that the only hope I had was ln a
.•^lawsuit."
7- ' ;Thls refusal to pay Fitzgerald is but one
■ .cjted instance of many where the men
•'.have, worked on the Hall of Justice for
r.othlng. Several others tell precisely the
. same story. Fitzgerald claims that he was
7. discharged simply because he would not
* Sign a receipt in advance for money to be
afterward paid on that receipt. In speak
ing of his dismissal from the employ of
Bateman Bros., he said:
v "Stiles demanded receipts from all the
•'bricklayers ln advance for the full
v amount due them, giving as an excuse that
he was simply asking a favor of us that
DEATH OF AN OLD
TIME CALIFORNIAN
CHARLES M. CHASE, one of California's oldest and most prominent
citizens, died of pneumonia at his residence, 2700 California street,
Monday night. Mr. Chase was a native of Maryland. He was born
in Baltimore in 1831, and was educated in St. Mary's College in that
city. In 1852 he came to California and spent a little time in the min
ing districts. He then came to this city, where he associated himself
with W. P. Humphreys, then
County Surveyor, and assisted
in laying out the city of San
Francisco. He was also con
nected with the old Commercial
Advertiser, the Firemen's Jour
nal and its successor, the Spirit
of the Times.
In 1865 he organized the firm
of Chase & Bowley to carry on a
general auction business. This
was changed in 1871 to the firm
name of Killlp & Co., auction
eers and dealers in livestock.
In 1874, in connection with H. R.
Covey, J. R. Dickey and J.N.
Killip, he formed the Bay Dis
trict Racing Association, which
built the Bay District track.
For many, years he has been a
member of the State Board of
JKilllp & Co., auction
. dealers in livestock.
j connection with H. R.
. R. Dickey and J. N.
? formed the Bay Dic
ing Association, which
; Bay District track.
y years he has been a
of the State Board of
Agriculture and was at one time
president of that body.
Mr. Chase was married in 1894
to Mrs. Kate Bowley, who still
survives him. He leaves no chil
dren. Mr. Chase was a Mason,
a member of Doric Lodge and
also California Commandery. He was one of the old members of Monu
mental Engine Company No. 6 of the Volunteer Fire Department.
It was not until the store was opened
yesterday morning that the burglary was
discovered. One of the salesmen found
several blood spots on the showcase and
suspecting something wrong he started
an investigation. Going to the rear end
of the store he #vas surprised to find that
a hole had been cut through the floor and
that the wires attached to the store had
been destroyed. He at once communi
cated with his employer, who lost no time
In notifying Chief Lees.
Two detectives were sent to make an
investigation, but beyond satisfying
themselves that the store had been en
tered they found nothing that would lead
to the Identity of the daring burglar.
It was first thought that the burglar
had familiarized himself with the prem
ises to such an extent that he knew where
the secret wires lay, but this is denied by
Shreve. He thinks the intruder, fearing
police Interference if he broke open the
rear door, conceived the bold scheme of
cutting his way in to the store. After
taking what booty he desired he left the
store by the rear door. A citizen who
was walking along Stevenson street
shortly after 1 o'clock on the morning of
the burglary says he saw a man leaving
the store. He wore a slouch hat, which
was pulled down over his eyes, and
seemed to walk with a limp. The police
are satisfied that he is the individual who
entered the store.
he might show the receipts to the Board
of Supervisors and thereby secure an
immediate appropriation with which he
would pay us directly after he received
It. He got the appropriation, but we are
still waiting for our money. I was the
only one of the nineteen or more brick
layers that refused to sign my name as
! having received money which I never saw,
I and for this reason he has discharged me
, and now refuses to allow me a cent of the
' money justly due me.
"I wrote to Mayor Phelan," he contin
; ued, "telling him of the refusal of Bate
: man Bros, to allow me my money, but he
| returned my letter, stating that he had
! had a talk with the contractors and that
they positively denied that I had ever
worked for them."
j One of the Bateman brothers in dis
-1 cussing Fitzgerald's claim said thgt he
had absolutely nothing to do with the hir
ing of bricklayers, the firm having sublet
; this contract to Stiles, who was alone re-
I sponsible for whatever crooked work was
! done. He maintained that he paid Stiles
i regularly for the stipulated work of his
' contract, although the men under the
supervision of the latter were put off from
, day to day with the absolute assertion
that he had received no money. When he
first employed his men he promised them
i %i a day, which he subsequently reduced
: to $3 50, and finally to simply a promise
for a continuance of the payment of this
reduced wage which ultimately resulted
' in the payment of nothing.
Fitzgerald has placed his claim in the
I hands of a lawyer, who will present it
! this morning before Justice of the Peace
I Cook.
A MURDER COMES TO LIGHT.
' Barney Kearney Was Killed by His
Nephew With a Bottle.
Coroner Hill was notified yesterday that
Barney Kearney had died at the City and
County Hospital under circumstances giv
ing rise to the belief that he had been
murdered. Kearney was brought to toe
Harbor Hospital on New Year's day and
was found to be suffering from what was
thought to be a simple laceration of the
scalp. The wound was sewed up and
Kearney went to his work' the next day,
but he grew worse and was taken to the
County Hospital, where he died last Sun
day. An autopsy was held and It was
discovered that death had been caused
by a fracture of the jkull.
Kearney's story of the quarrel ln which
(covered was inflicted was been caused
a fracture of the ykull.
>arney's story of the quarrel ln which
injury was inflicted was that on New
Year's day he entered the saloon at the
corner «of Folsom and Spear streets, kept
by his nephew, C. O'Donnell, and that he
asked O'Donnell to "set up" the drinks
in honor of the festal day, but that
O'Donnell, not being In a "setting up"
mood, got into an altercation with his
uncle and ended the discussion by strik
ing Kearney on the head with a bottle,
breaking his skull.
Coroner Hill notified the police, and an
Inquest will be held this morning. bar
ney was married, and resided at 1 Eisex
street. : -v £
Musicians' Installation.
The annual meeting of the Musicians'
Mutual Protective Union will be held to
morrow afternoon and reports of officers
for the past year submitted. The follow
ing newly elected officers will be In
stalled: F. Dellepiane. president; Leo
Bruck, vice president; S. Davis, secretary;
Theodore Eisfeldt, treasurer; trustees, M.
M. Blum, J. Stross, I. Franck; executive
committee. F. Borgel, P. Johannsen, I.
Fenster, M. Davis, W. Mahood, E. Siegle,
C. Dlckman, A. Paulsen.
Mourning Stationery.
There is no change In the styles this
season of blackbordered papers. The
same conventional sizes prevail. Messrs.
Cooper & Co. show all the leading makes
and make to order any desired sizes. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1899.
THERE IS A
NEW KIND OF
THIEF IN TOWN
Has the Telephone
Company Guessing.
HE ROBS THE NICKEL BOXES
EASILY OPENS AND CLOSES THE
LITTLE SATES.
The- Cheap Crook Is Doing a Bushing
Business, Much to the Hor
ror of the Corpor- .
ation.
The telephone company, which has for
years violated the confidence of the public
by pilfering its patrons' private messages
for personal gain, is on the verge of
nervous prostration owing to the fact
that its .confidence in the cupidity of
thieves Is being abused. In other words,
their nlckel-in-the-slot treasure boxes are
being desecrated and the wealth removed
therefrom ln a manner most mystifying
and deplorable. The Hawkshaws of the
company are putting in long hours trying
to get "a line" on the man who is doing
this skillful work. From the methods of
the thief, it ls evident that he has been
connected with the company and knows
where and how to operate to the best ad
vantage. Futhermore, it is believed that
he is equipped with duplicate keys to
open the two locks that protect the cor
poration's hard-earned wealth.
At any rate he is a new kind and is
causing all kinds of anguish to the souls
of the "hello" people. The fellow chooses
places where -there is lively business go
ing on and the telephone is out of the pro
prietor's sight. By means known only to
himself he quickly opens the two locks,
takes out the box of nickels, relocks the
treasure box and goes on his way rejoic
ing. The robbery is not discovered until
the company's collector calls.
Within the past few days this clever
game has been played on several of the
telephones in the big downtown saloons,
and it is said that the thrifty 5-cent crook
is going through the town like a besom
of theft. He is certainly finding the job
profitable, for in the boxes in the center
of the city the little mints of the 'phone
people contained from twelve to fifteen
dollars. Hence the wild desire of Colonel
Sabin to get the culprit where he can play
peek-a-boo with him.
This improved brand of telephone box
tapper is believed to be either an ex-col
lector or box repairer of the company,
who is making up for previous long hours
and short pay while in their service. ;
Some of the. best clean-ups were made
at Busconl & Fisher's, California street;
the Yellowstone and Gendar & Hink's, on
Montgomery street. The suspected man
is described as being about 20 years old,
blonde, rather slight, and well dressed in
a tan-colored suit. ■_■
COMFORT FOR CHINESE
DEALERS IN SLAVES
JUDGE DE HAVEN MAKES AN
IMPORTANT RULING.
j __
, Attempts to Land Mongolians Are
Not Punishable Unless The
Attempts Succeed.
United States District Judge de Haven
made a ruling in the shape of an instruc- i
j tion to the United States Grand Jury
which will have an Important bearing i
j upon the Chinese immigration matter, and ;
j has caused joy among the highbinders. '
; He has practically decided that It is not ;
: punishable for coolie brokers to attempt
; to land Chinese illegally, if the attempt :
; fail. I
There are two cases before the Grand :
i Jury which will be dismissed because of
that ruling— that of Clerk Brown, at \
■■ one time engaged ln the law office of M.
M. Foote, and the other that? of I anew '
; Hon. Both these men were caught while
: in the act of delivering to Chinese immi
grants letters of Instructions as to the i
statements they should make to the Chi
nese Bureau. The persons to whom these !
letters were addressed were denied a land- !
ing, and Brown and Shew Hon were ar- '•
[ rested. Their counsel raised the conten- ]
'■ tion that as the attempt to land the men
had failed, no crime had been committed. |
The following is the court's instructions j
in full:
Gentlemen of the Grand Jury: I have had I
under consideration the following question
submitted by you:
"Under Section 11 of the act, entitled 'An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act to exe
cute certain treaty stipulations relating to
Chinese, approved May 6, 18*52, ' approved July
6, 1884.' ls It a crime for any person to aid
and abet an attempt to land a Chinese person
who is not lawfully entitled to enter the United j
i States?"
The section referred to in your question pro
vides:
"Section That any person who shall
j knowingly bring Into or cause to be
! brought into the United States by
land, or who shall aid or abet the same, or aid
and abet the landing in the United States from
any vessel, of any Chinese person not lawfully
entitled to enter the United States, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdmeanor, and shall on
conviction thereof, be fined in a sum not ex
ceeding $1000, and imprisoned for a term not
exceeding one year."
In my opinion, and I so charge you, . the
j offense of aiding or abetting the landing in' the
! United States Is not complete until such Chi
| nese person has with the aid of the person
charged been premltted to enter the United
States.
NEW CABLE FOR THE PACIFIC
Manufacturers Urge That It Be Con-
structed in America.
'vA.\ meeting of the board of directors
of the Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation was held in the Mills building
yesterday afternoon. Among the promi
nent matters discussed was the contem
plated cable to be laid between the
United States and its recently acquired
possessions in the Philippines. It was re
solved by the directors to request Cali
fornia's Congressional delegation, in con
sideration of a subsidy. of 125,000 which
has been offered by the Government, to
urge the passage of a bill authorizing the
laying of such a cable, which shall con
tain a provision that the cable used ; in
its construction shall be made in the
United States and by American manu
facturers.
Recommendations were also made ! for
the pure foods bill now before Congress,
and also upon the bill prohibiting inter
state traffic of convict labor products.
The directors urged the passage of both
bills, and will communicate their resolu
tion to the State's representatives in
"Washington. ■viy-wyy
A. Sbarboro and J. P. Currier were ap
pointed as a committee to meet with the
California Miners' Association and dis
cuss matters pertinent to the conserva.
tlon of water In California.
Pacific Lodge I. 0. 0. P.
The following named have been elected offi
cers of Paclflc Lodge, Independent Order -of
B'ne B'rith. for the ensuing term: ; L. Ehrlich.
monitor; J. Schweitzer, president; Herman
Harris, vice president; Jacob Gans, secretary;
J. Newman, treasurer; T. Stoltz. assistant
monitor; P. Harris, warden; I. Gans, outside
guard; Henry Schwartz, D. Davis. L. Ehrlich,
trustees; Dr. Marc Newman, examining physi
cian; H. Schwartz, L. Ehrlich. William Gelst.
D. Davis and J. Newman, representatives to
the Grand Lodge. ' : '- •' v -
Porter Ashe Will Be Heard.
The Dennery-Ashe contest. Involving,
the latter's seat in the Legislature, did \
not go on yesterday. The case will be re
sumed this . morning, when Porter Ashe
will have his turn. The Case is being
heard by Justices Kerrigan and Groez
inger, sitting in the latter's court room.'
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Addresa Anakesis, New York. *
FATHER SHEEHY ON
IRELAND'S WRONGS
REV. EUGENE SHEEHY, the distinguished Irish. clergyman, lec
turer and patriot, is a guest at the California Hotel. Twenty-five
years ago Father Sheehy visited San Francisco, and he expresses
himself as delighted with the marvelous change which the city
has undergone since his former visit.
"When I was here before," said Father Sheehy yesterday, "this was a
port of modest dimensions but vast possibilities. It has grown to a
great, throbbing commercial emporium, whose Influence is acknowledged
the boycott and for maintaining the right of free speech he was Impris
oned by order of Gladstone. The nine months of prison life which he
endured gained for him the title of "the hero of Kilmainham Prison."
"Ireland's noble ambition to be a nation is soon to be realized," he
declared yesterday. "Mr. Gladstone, after witnessing all the ingenious
methods to rule Ireland satisfactorily which his brilliant mind could con
jure up fail dismally, was forced to confess: 'We have tried coercion,
we have tried force, both have failed; let us now try to conciliate.'
"They have followed his advice literally and endeavored to kill home
rule by kindness. With this seeming kindness they have substituted a
county government for the old despotic Grand Jury system. By this
new concession the landholders of Ireland are enabled to choose their
own county officers and pronounce upon their own affairs. By this crafty
policy England hopes to extinguish the national spirit in Irish hearts.
But Ireland's desire to be a nation can never be suppressed or satis
fied by any compromise. Ireland will not follow the example of Esau and
change her birthright for a mess of pottage.
"England's treacherous kindness has become so manifest that Lord
Emly, who was one of the most bitter opponents of home rule, is now
a complete convert to the Irish ranks and says he will support home
rule until its final consummation. Last week he said: 'I will never be
satisfied so long as the meanest cottager in' lreland has one link of the
British chain clanking at his limbs.' A brother of Lord Ashtown, the
Hon. Mr. French, who until recently was a zealous Tory, has abandoned
England's side and joined with the home rule forces. To any one who
has closely followed the struggle between the various political elements
in England and Ireland it now becomes evident that victory for right
will soon be achieved, that home rule is inevitable."
Father Sheehy will deliver two lectures at Metropolitan Temple, this
evening and to-morrow evening. His wide reputation as a lecturer and
the interesting subject which he handles, "A Tour Through Ireland," will
undoubtedly attract crowded houses. He illustrates both lectures with
numerous stereopticon views of rare beauty and interest.
WERE MARRIED
VERY QUIETLY
Abe Marks and Miss
Margaret F. Geitner
Made One.
A very quiet wedding took place in the
Lick House last Monday night. There
were no Invited guests and outside of the
bride and groom and their attendants no
one knew when the ceremony Was to take
place. The groom was Abe Marks, the
able statistician of the Merchants' Ex
change, and the bride was Miss Margaret
F. Geitner of Humboldt County. Max
Spiers was best man and Miss L. Finck
was maid of honor. Outside of these
four, the clergyman and near relatives
of the contracting parties no one knew
that Mr. Marks was thinking of getting
married, so the* news came as. a surprise
to everybody on 'change yesterday. "Abe"
is very popular among the merchants and
shipping men, and he will receive many
hearty congratulations when he returns
to duty. '>-:>■
Mr. Marks Is a native son, being the
son of Michael Marks, one of the pio- j
neers. His wife belongs to a prominent !
Jewish family in Humboldt. She is a.
graduate of the Normal School and for |
six years has been teaching school in j
Eureka. The happy couple will make
their home in San Francisco. ~-'.y
. The wedding of John W. Brooks of Chi
cago and Miss Winifred Cole was cele
brated at the residence of the bride's na
rents, Mr. and Mrs. Foster Cole, 1 1 07
Gough street, yesterday afternoon. The
affair was a very quiet one. only the two
immediate families and a limited number
of personal - friends being present. Mr.
Brooks is well known in business circles
in this city and is a prominent member ot
the Press and Union League Clubs. He
has but recently moved to Chicago. His
bride is the daughter.of Foster Cole of the
California Furniture Company. Imme
diately after the ceremony the young
couple took a train for Chicago, where
they will make their home.
Fly-Casting Club Entertainment.
The San Fnancisco Fly Casting Club
gave a delightful entertainment ia»>c
evening in the rooms of the Olympic Gun
Club. The star number on the programme
was the reading of a paper by Judge John
Hunt.
Judge Hunt Is Justly famous as the
humorist of the club, and his many
bright thoughts on the subject of ang
ling kept his listeners in good humor for
nearly half an hour. Despite the fact
that the Innocent sport of casting. a line
is regarded as a pastime and a pleasure
there are instances and the Judge re
lated many— when a single trout has been
secured at the expense of much bartering,
energy and inconvenience. His Honor
cracked a number of jokes at the ex
pense of local sportsmen, principal among
whom was his friend and fishing compan
ion, Mr. Vogelsang, who Is to be married
to-day. ■ ' ■ ■■ y vy'vyryyy.
The other prominent feature of the en
tertainment was the singing of the Olym
pic Gun Club Quartet, composed of Frank
FERRY LIGHTS GO OUT.
Entire Water Front From Meiggs
Wharf to Mission Bay in
Darkness.
AN Oaklander went plunging down Market street last night with
an open umbrella in one hand and an open commutation ticket
book in the other to catch the 8:30 ferryboat. He had been tim
ing off the blocks as he ran with his eye on the great depot clock
and he hadn't a second to spare. . Suddenly the illuminated dial upon
the high tower ceased to shine as did every lamp in the ferry build
ing. The man failed to keep up with time In the darkness that fell
about him and lost his boat. At the same period every dock light on
the entire water front from Meiggs wharf to Mission Bay was ex
tinguished, vy -.'■■; .V'"--'".,.
This was caused by the burning of the distributing. box of the
Mutual Electric Company on its pole at the southern corner of Market
and East streets. A couple of sagging wires became crossed, setting
fire to the •machine and destroying that circuit. In the Postoffice the
work of sorting the mail was instantly suspended and the ferry wait
ing-rooms were in total darkness until a number of locomotive head
light lights and coal : oil lamps were procured. The harbor receiving
hospital fortunately has gas, but the great ferry building depends
wholly on the electric system. The repairs were not completed un
til a late hour this morning. yj: yyk
the world over. Art and education
have not been distanced by com
merce; so that San Francisco stands
to-day among the foremost cities
of the world in mercantile impor
tance and advanced culture."
Father Sheehy has devoted his
able talents to the cause of his
country's freedom, and it is gratify
ing to learn that his untiring efforts
are bearing abundant fruit. He was
one of the chief promoters of the
Irish "Land League movement, which
changed the position of the tenants
of Ireland from mere serfs, subject
not only to the will but to every
whim of the landlords, to a condi
tion of security. By his eloquence
he stirred his countrymen to brave
opposition against that monstrous
form of Injustice — taxation without
representation. For recommending
the frequent and judicious use of
Thompson, Ben Tarbox, William O'Brien
and Charles Henley. Maurice Kramer
presided at the piano.
This is the last club meet of the ang
lers. After this time they propose to get
in trim for a series of fly-casting contests,
which will occur during February.
California Schuetzen Club.
The California Schuetzen Club at a
meeting held last night elected the fol
lowing officers to serve the current year:
President, Phllo Jacoby; vice president,
A. Rahwyler; treasurer, O. Bremer; first
secretary, William Nolden; second secre
tary, Charles Sagehorn; first shooting
master, R. Langer; second shooting mas
ter, C. Waller; third shooting master, J.
Utschlg Sr.; trustees, L. C. Babln, A.
Jungblut, H. Gumbel: finance committee,
A. L. Ott, William Ehrenpfort, Charles
Simon; directors, John Utschig Sr., L. C.
Babin, Otto Bumeister, D. W. McLaugh
lin, O. Bremer, F. A. Kuhls, Jhilo Jacoby.
ROBERT J. TOBIN
IS CONVALESCING
POLICE COMMISSIONER WILL
SOON BE WELL AGAIN.
Had an Attack of Heart Disease, but
Rallied and His Physicians Say
He Is Out of Danger.
Robert J. Tobin, secretary of the Hiber
nia Bank, who has been quite ill at his
home on Geary street, was very much
improved last night, and the doctors in
attendance say that there is at present
no danger whatever. Yesterday morning
Mr. Tobin was taken with a rather se
vere attack of heart failure, followed by
fainting spells, and the physical exhaus
tion which resulted caused some appre
hension, but he rallied in the afternoon
and with two or three days' quiet he will
doubtless be restored to health. ':;,:-.-,
The invalid, who is 70 years of age, is
particularly active and will Insist in per
forming his duties at the bank, though
he has been advised to take a rest from
his onerous labors. Only last week he
went to the City Hall to attend a meet
ing of the Ponce commissioners, of which
he is president. He went out riding to
the park two or three times and his con
dition, while somewhat weak, gave no oc
casion for alarm.
The attack of yesterday morning, how
ever, was more severe than any he has
before sustained, and he has decided to
follow the doctor's advice.
Veteran Firemen Officers,
At an annual election of the Veteran
"Volunteer Firemen's Association of Cali
fornia held last evening the following
officers were chosen: President, Stephen
Bunner; first vice president, George
Carlisle; second vice president, William
H. Miller; third vice president, Thomas
Cornell; recording secretary. James
Penny cook; financial secretary, John
Williams; treasurer, William Fahrenkrug*
directors, James McElroy, . Morris M
Baker, Charles H. Okell; trustees, Rich
ard Harrold, Fred A. Willi P. Conner.
: ADVEBTISEMENTS. ■ _^
n_nn_sip_^"-rE_fY n_F_ft_a_n E ?nn_r l f!i l!! _f
DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT.
UUIf ILO Ilu ULrrlfi I If ILII 1 1
SPECIAL OFFERING
HOUSEKEEPING GOODS
VERY LOW PRICES.
200 pairs TAPESTRY PORTIERES, full width, fringed on
both ends,
PRICE 33,00 Pair.
Wortb $450 Pair.
100 pairs OTTOMAN PORTIERES, very rich colorings and
extra wide,
PRICE 34.00 Pair.
Regular Value $650 Pair.
200 pairs NOTTINGHAM AND FISHNET CURTAINS, both
ecru and white,
•:-■•■ PRICE $2.00 Pair.
Value $2.50 Pair.
. 3 cases MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS, extra size, in both
white and colored,
PRICE 33.00 Each.
Wortb $-50 Each.
250 pairs WHITE MISSION BLANKETS, weight full six pounds,
PRICE 34.50 Pair.
Regular Value $6 00
150 BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, 2 yards
wide and 3 yards long,
PRICE $2.50 Each.
Worth $375 Each.
250 dozen BLEACHED GERMAN DAMASK TABLE NAPKINS
(27 inches square),
PRICE 33.00 Dozen.
Wortb $3.50 Dozen.
150 dozen Extra Quality HEMMED LINEN HUCK TOWELS
(large size), borders assorted,
PRICE 33.00 Dozen.
Wortb $4.00 Dozen.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
2 cases PRINTED OTTOMAN FLANNELETTES (dark colors),
*ts_ic Yard
111. 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
DOES COURT
RUN LEES OR
LEES RUN COURT
Confiscates Nickel-in-
Slot Machines.
A JUDGE'S ORDER DISOBEYED
THE CHIEF MAY BE CITED TO
APPEAR FOR CONTEMPT.
Four Poolroom Men Arrested on
Warrants and Immediately
Released on Their Own
Recognizances.
Chief Lees is threatened with a suit for
damages in connection with his seizure
and detention of nickel-in-the-slot ma
chines which are used, as he claims, for
purely gambling purposes.
Charles Propfe, proprietor of a saloon
at 1032 Market street, was tried before
Justice of the Peace Barry, acting for
Judge Conlan, yesterday morning for
having one of these machines in his sa
loon. After hearing the evidence the
acting Judge 'dismissed the case. Attor
ney Reynolds, who appeared for the de
fendant, asked the acting Judge for an
order for the return of the machine and
the money contained therein. He was
referred to Chief Lees.
Reynolds waited upon the Chief and j
made his demand. The Chief refused to
return the machine or money and flatly
told Reynolds that he intended to confis
cate them all. Reynolds returned to the
court and notified Barry that the Chief j
had refused to recognize his verbal order
and asked for a written order.
"Am I to understand," asked Reynolds,
"that the Chief of. Police is running the
Police Courts, and are the Judges to be
subject to his dictation? I know from my
experience as prosecuting attorney in one
of the courts that Chief Lees wants to
dictate to the officers of the court what
they should do, but it is about time that
he should be made to understand that he
cannot run the courts to suit his whims."
Barry said he was not a regular officer
of the court and was not in a position to
say what should be done, but he would
think over the matter until this morning.
If the court should grant the written
order and the Chief should refuse to rec
ognize it, Reynolds will insist that the
Chief be arrested for contempt of court. |
If .the written order is refused he will
probably bring a suit for damages against
the Chief.
Chief Lees later said that he was de
termined not to return the machines. "I
have been doing so in the past," he said,
"and they were immediately used for the
same illegal purpose again. Let the
courts decide whether lam right or
wrong in the stand I am taking. These
machines come under the category of j
gambling devices, and are different from
the machines used for merchandise. If
the man putting in a nickel wins he is
either paid in money or in checks for
drinks. That is where the gambling
comes in. I have been attacked by the
press for not stopping gambling, and
when I attempt to stop it I am balked in
different ways. . "- .-•-': , ,
"Take the poolroom men as an illustra
tion. The Police Judges refused to issue
warrants, and I had to appeal to the
Merchants' Association to help me. They
have been finally Issued, but look at the
result. Judge Treadwell issues the war
rants, and no sooner are the men arrested
than Judge Mogan. releases them on their
own recognizances, although the cases
are not In his court. That shows you
how the Judges balk our efforts to punish
these men who are charged with gam
bling." ...';..:::
Four poolroom men— John Smith. Fourth
street; Frank Montgomery, John Conley
and John A. Barr, Stevenson street—
arrested yesterday on warrants issued by
Judge Treadwell, and all were released on
their own recognizances by Judge Mogan.
In the Divorce Courts.
Ella A. Nollman has sued George Noll
man for a divorce, alleging failure to
provide. Suits for divorce on the ground
of desertion have been filed by Jennie M.
Van de Grift against Elbert Van de Grift,
and Sarah E. Coburn against "W. H. Co
burn. Decrees of divorce on the ground of
cruelty have been granted Josephine
Drolet from Thomas M. Drolet and Marie
C. Fromberg from Burnett Fromberg.
Morrison Not Missing.
Dr. Morrison of the Receiving Hospital
staff, who was reported as, missing, has
turned up. He claims that he was attend
ing a sick relative who lives in Oakland
Morrison is incensed over the publication
■that he had mysteriously disappeared. He
•claims that his relatives knew he was in
the city across the bay.
The Hearst Libel Suit.
Judge Mogan intended to deliver his
decision in the libel suit of Claus Spreck
els against "W. R. Hearst of the Examiner
yesterday, but continued It for a week
as he was not ready. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
G©©G@o©@O©©©©©©©©O©€*©_>
I DR. MEYERS & CO. |
I DISEASES ANO WEAKNESS I
§ OF MEN ONLY. S
a *
5 ESTABLISHED IB TEARS. 5
• © -p 2
S * i^Rli_^W^ 2
t_ *__r_*-s*S***""fc.
0 o — o ©
• NO PAY TILL CURED. §
• Consultation, Advice and ©
9 Private Book Free. 5
I 731 MARKET STREET, S
® SAN FRANCISCO. ©
© @
ooo©©©Qo©o©©©©©@©ao©©©
Munyon'sHeadache and Indigestion Cure
Is the only remedy on the market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures 25c.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
If EARNY AND .WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
■»• modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to *1 50 day;
*"o to »S week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; Are grates ln every
room; elevator rung all. night.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
Has removed from Burlingame to lta new
home at Menlo Park, San Mateo County; ac-
credited, and prepares boys equally well for
business; next term begins January 16th, 1399,
I- •■ . IRA CX HOITT, Pa. D., Principal,