VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 172.
DEWEY NOW
IS ON THE
WAY HOME
The Admiral Sails in the
Olympia From the Bay
of Manila.
He Will Make a Leisurely Trip
Through the Suez Canal and
the Mediterranean.
Dewey has started for home. The brave admiral, on board his
flagship, the Olympia, sa/leo from Mam/a yesterday amia the booming
of great guns, and will make a leisurely journey to New York by way
of the Suez Canal and the Mediterranean.
The admiral, it is to be regretted, did not see fit to come home
by way of San Francisco. In this connection it is significant that in
an interview just before he left Manila Dewey observed that if he
were twenty years younger and had political ambition he would not
miss a chance like that Clearly, he will not be a candidate for the
Presidency.
MANILA. -May 20.— cruiser j
Olympia with Admiral Dewey
on board, left here on her home
ward journey to the United
States at 4 o'clock this after
noon. As she steamed away the Ore
gon, Baltimore and Concord fired an
admiral's salute. At the first shot the
band on the flagship played a lively air
and the crew crowded the decks and
cheered. As the Olympia passed the
Oregon the crew of that battleship
pave nine cheers for the Olympians, i
who responded by throwing their caps
so high that dozens of them were left
bobbing in the wake of the cruiser.
Then followed the noisiest half hour
known in this harbor since the battle ,
which linked its name with that of
Dewey. The din of guns and ( brass
bands echoed through the smoke,. a fleet i
of steam launches shrieked their
whistles, the musicians of .the. Baltir
more played "Home, Sweet Home,'*
hei* flags signaled "Good-by," and those j
of the Oregon said "Pleasant voyage."
The merchant vessels in these waters j
dipped their flags, the ladies on the j
decks of the vessels of the fleet waved
handkerchiefs, and the great black j
British cruiser Powerful, which lay the
furthest out, saluted the Olympia. The
latter's band played "God Save the
Queen." and to this the crew of the
Powerful responded with hearty cheers
for the Olympia.
The last music heard from Dewey's
ship was "Auld Lang Syne," while the j
guns from the forts at Cavite and from
the Monterey, on guard off Paranaqua,
too far to be audible, puffed white
clouds of smoke.
The Olympia was disappearing past
Corregidor Island when a battery be
fore the walled city spoke Manila's last
word of farewell.
Admiral Dewey sat on the deck of
the Hympia and received the adieus of
his friends during most of the day. The
launch of General Otis was first to ar
rive alongside the cruiser at 7 o'clock
this morning, and afterward the ad
miral landed and called* upon the
major general and the United States
Philippine Commission. Admiral Dewey
is enthusiastic over his home going,"
but while he appreciates the friendship
of his countrymen deeply he hopes they
will not be too demonstrative. He in
tends to go directly to his home at
Montpelier, Vt.. and will live there.
Just before the Olympia sailed I went
aboard her and interviewed Admiral
Dewey on his departure. In response
to my Inquiries he said:
"I leave Manila to-day. I go with
less regret because I believe that this
insurrection Is breaking up. Repeated
arrivals in our lines of emissaries sent
from the insurgent headquarters can
only mean one thing. They point to the
inevitable end.
"Now, had I consulted my pride, I
would have remained here till peace
was finally established. But there are
other things in a man's life besides his
pride to be considered. My health, for
instance, has been gradually under
mined by the long strain placed upon
me, and by the constant care that has
been necessarily imposed upon me for
bo long a time. And, of course, we are
glad to get home.
"One of the things that touched me
most, among all the many expressions
of warm feeling from the people at
home, was the raising of a subscription
in my native State— it was started at
Boston, I believe — to build a bronze
statue of me to be placed in the State
house at Montpelier opposite the statue
of Ethan Allen.
-'Many a time, as a boy, have I looked
at that statue of Ethan Allen in wonder
and admiration. The inscription, if I
remember rightly, is: 'Surrender in the
name of the Great Jehovah and the
Continental Congress.'
'•The way I feel is that no greater
compliment could be paid me than the
erection of my statue in such a place in
my own village, you know."
Being told that the people wanted
him to. go home by way of San Fran
cisco and across the continent, the Ad
miral replied: "if I were twenty years
younger and had political ambitions I
would not miss that chance."
Captain Walker of the Concord, the
last of the commanders here who was
in the battle before Cavite, went to the
Admiral to-day and said: "Don't leave
me behind." So he was relieved and
goes home on the Olympia.
ANXIOUS TO RECEIVE
DEWEY'S ITINERARY
NEW YORK, May 20.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
The San Francisco Call.
following: Rear Admiral Crownin
shield. chief of the bureau of naviga
tion, told me to-day he believes that
Admiral Dewey will not speed the
Olympia. The department has left en
tirely to that officer the determination
of time when he shall arrive at New
York, and Rear Admiral Crowninshield
seems to think that he will not reach
his destination until fall. To settle the
matter there is reason to believe that
the department will cable to the ad
miral when the Olympia reaches Hong
kong, requesting to be advised of the
outline of his itinerary. The receipt of
this information will be valuable to the
President and the department as well
as to the public. Mr. McKinley is
naturally desirous of knowing when to
expect the admiral, as that officer re
tains his membership on the Philippine
Commission and besides is -charged
with presenting to the chief executive
the views of his colleagues on the en
tire Philippine question.
Secretary Long would like to have an
idea of the time of the admiral's arri
val, in order that he may make prepar
ations for his reception. These prepar
ations will probably take the form of
orders to Rear Admiral Sampson to
meet the Olympia with the squadron
under his command at some point to be
designated just as soon as the route of
the admiral's flagship is ascertained.
If the admiral should decide that he
ought to come home without delay,
though not forcing the Olympia, he will
be able to arrive in New York in sixty
days, or about July 26. From Hongkong
the Olympia will proceed to Singapore,
thence to Colombo, where she will take
on coal, and from Colombo will go to
Aden. It may be considered advisable
to replenish the Olympia's coal supply
at that port, and then she will con
tinue her cruise, stopping next at Suez,
whore arrangements will be made for
th<: vessel's passage through the canal.
Once through the canal the Olympia
will turn her prow to the westward,
and if the admiral desires, to take a
leisurely cruise, he will probably order
ill" olympia to various ports along the
.Mediterranean, stopping at Malta and
Gibraltar, where the English garrisons
will probably pleasantly greet him.
From Gibraltar the Olympia will sail
for the Azores, and then for New York.
— — ■*
GREAT RIVALRY IN
SUBSCRIBING FOR DEWEY
NEW YORK, May 20.— The Brooklyn
Eagle this evening says: "Not only has
the Admiral Dewey house fund become
a matter of national interest, but it
looks now as if there would be friendly
rivalry among the cities of the Union
as to the number of subscribers that
would be placed upon the roll, which
will be handed to Admiral Dewey when
the presentation is made. Every city
has taken a sort of pride In pushing the
subscription along. The old civic pride
for Brooklyn is apparent, for the mere
mention of the fact that San Francisco
had up to this day subscribed $1508 sent
Brooklyn subscriptions bounding up, so
that they now top those of the city of
the Golden Gate. It is apparent that
the Brooklyn borough is not going to be
beaten by San Francisco in this pa
triotic enterprise, and letters which
have been received show that a strong
feeling of rivalry exists."
WALES LIKES TO HEAR
AMERICAN WHISTLERS
Has Greatly Enjoyed the Talent of
Mrs. Shaw and Clever Frank
Lawton.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
. Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, May 20.— The Prince of
Wales' great pleasure in hearing Mrs.
ShaW whistle was frequently the cause
of that lady appearing at many social
functions. His Royal Highness evidently
enjoys the keen notes, of slffieurs, for ho
has id two occasions shown his apprecia
tion of the whistling of Frank Lawton of
•■The Bell of New York" Company by re
questing him to appear before him.
Last week at the Grafton galleries the
Prince was very much amused by the
American's clever rendering of negro mel
odies, and at t/ie cafe chantant of the
Hotel Cecil on Monday night, his Royal
Highness arriving late and being told that
Lawton . had contributed .to the pro
gramme earlier in the evening, requested
that he be asked to whistle again. Law
ton wa.» dug up out of a corner of . the
smoking room of the hotel, rushed , up
stairs and was soon whistling away, de
lighting the Prince and a large audience
with the : same clear notes which , many
American audiences have enjoyed In the
past. j
SAN FRANCISCO. SUNDAY. MAY 21. 1899— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
THE OLYMPIA HOMEWARD BOUND.
FOUR MILLION DOLLAR
FIRE SWEEPS DAWSON
Entire Business Section of the Klondike
Metropolis Destroyed by a
Conflagration,
VICTORIA, B. C, May 20.—An
other disastrous fire has visited
Dawson City, this time wiping
out the entire business center of
the Klondike metropolis and cre
ating losses that will aggregate over
i 14,000,000, with scarcely a dollar of in
j surance. It is believed that several
i persons perished in the conflagration.
The news was brought from Dawson ,
' t>y r. Hume of Seattle and T. Reilly. ''
\ who made the trip out with the new?
at the risk of their lives, for the ice is
broken and unsa,fe. They were obliged j
i to make big detours and experienced
great privations. Hume is a son of ex-
Mayor Hume of Seattle.
They report that the fire occurred on
April 26 in the very center of the city.
It commenced near the opera house, on
the water front. Spreading with un
usual rapidity, fanned by a strong
northeast wind, it destroyed building
after building, eating its way down the ;
street to and including Donahue & i
Smith's establishment and taking in all
i the water front buildings abreast of the
j same blocks. In other words, the fire
crossed the street, burned through and
spread over to Second street, covering
the principal business portion of Daw
-1 son, leaving it all in ashes, with the
i firemen helpless and powerless to do
anything. The fire consumed every
thing from Tlmmlns' Royal Cafe down
to and opposite the Fairview Hotel.
It was a terrible conflagration, for,
said Mr. Rielly. every building burned
like tinder. They had been standing
two years and the logs were as dry as
! powder. The whole place seemed to be
| a sea of roaring and leaping flames.
I The excitement was intense. As ~ the
I flames raced along the streets, crack
i ling and roaring, the citizens ran panic
i stricken before them, unable to save
anything in the way of furniture, goods
or clothing. Everything that the
greater number of them possessed was
1 swept away and hundreds will be des
titute. There will be a great deal of
i suffering if not actual starvation in
! mans cases.
Among the firms known to have been
burned out were the Bank of British
I North America, the McDonald block,
McLellan-& MdFeely, Parsons Produce
Company, Royal Cafe, Donahue &
Smith, Aurora saloon. Bodega, Madden
House, Hotel Victoria. •
These were the only destroyed places
«<«>*'s>*<3>#'S>tt-»*'S'* ; * <3>*<s>*<«>#<*>7:-<$H:-<e-#
ABSURD RULES FOR
BRITISH RECRUITS
Had They Been in Force Twenty
Years Ago England Would Be
Without Generals.
Special Cable to The Call and the Npw York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISA by James Gor
don Benniett.
LONDON, May 20.— How not to get sol
diers and Britain's absurd recruiting rules
are agitating more and more the military
clubs. It is very well known that not
withstanding all the talk of disarmament,
Britain as well as Russia and all others
are making the most strenuous efforts 10
increase her army, to say nothing of her
Truth explains the secret of this coun
try's comparative non-success in petting
men for the arm'- and gives the case of
a man .", feet ti inches in height who was
pejected because he was only 10 stone ?,
pounds in weight— uelow the regulation
weight.
A military correspondent, writing to
Truth, asks where would have been Lord
Wolseley the present commander in chief
of the British army: Lord Roberts, Sir
Evelyn Wood and other eminent generals.
! 5 feet <! and over, who certainly did not
; come up to the present regulation weight
■ at the age of 20.
Had the absurd rules been in existence
ten or twenty years ago Britain would
have had no generals now. and will have
none In the future if recruiting rules are
no! altered, unless, of course, the peace
i confer, ii, c decide* that all swords are
to be beaten into plowshares and spears
J Into pruning hooks.
Returns to the White House.
WASHINGTON. May 20.— The President
' and Mrs. McKinley, with the friends who
accompanied them, reached Washington
j at 5:30 p. m. to-day. The stay of twelve
days at Hot Springs was one almost en-
I tlrely of rest. The outing has been of
! great benefit to the President and he re
j sumes his official duties thoroughly re
-1 freshed and invigorated
of business given by the two news
bearers. They say scores of smaller
firms lost their all.
This fire came at a time when the
mills and dealers in building materials
had exhausted their winter's supplies,
and were awaiting the opening of navi- j
gation to replenish their stocks. The |
result is that there is a dearth of all
kinds of building material and furni
tare. Tut few articles still remaining ',
Dtltside the burned district have «juad- i
rupled in prices. Doors are selling for i
$35 each, door locks for $8 each and
everything else in proportion.
The town is paralyzed, because noth
ing can be done until the opening of
NO TRAITOR, BUT HE
DIED A SPY'S DEATH
JACOB VETTER.
HUENEME, May 20.— following article, dated "San Diego, May •
11," which appeared in The Call on May 12, is of more than passing &
interest to the people of Hueneme: ■■ «
E. E. Clark of this city, .who, is in the engineering department aboard •<
the United States steamship" Philadelphia, writes to his father, John Clark, £
from Apia, under date of April 19, saying: \
"There was a fellow shipped from San Diego as a steward. He was a «
German, and when he got here he went ashore tc buy groceries, but never .
came back. They say he. was a spy. A seaman named Stiefer says he saw ™
the deserter in a fight our men had with the rebels and shot him. He says he |J
is sure of It, and most of the fellows aboard believe him." . Z
m
The subject of this article, it is believed, is a young German named 4
Jacob'' Vetter, who was employed for nearly two years as baker in the *
establishment of Z. D. Shiprnan here. He gave up his position the latter o<
part of January and after selling most of his effects started on his bi- 4
cycle for Arizona, where he . hoped to obtain more remunerative em- *
ployment. Several weeks later it was 4 learned Vetter had shipped as g
steward on the cruiser Philadelphia at San Diego. . . . '4
In a letter from Apia dated April, 15 to Albert Karcher of Hueneme, 8!
the young man gives 1 no inkling of an intention to: betray the country g
of his adoption, but it would- seem that he was taken captive /upon 4
landing at Apia while sent • to' purchase groceries for' the ship. From
his letter the inference is drawn that if he was the ■ young German gj
steward of the Philadelphia who was shot as a spy his presence among • •<}
the rebels : was due to no act of his own volition. £
4
navigation, which is several weeks dis
tant. The first boat going down with
building material will reap a rich har
vest. Hume and Reilly say that two
river steamers reached Dawson, but a
cold snap came on and the river again
closed. It was breaking when they left
and it was expected that the steamer
Ora would leave for Bennett about
eisnt days after they left.
Th.-y left Dawson with the nc-v.s of
the fire two days after the catastrophe
and rushed out at great risk, intend
ing to sell the story to the paper bid
ding the highest amount. They told a
man named Toklas at Bennett and he
gave the story to the Skaguay papers.
THE STATUE
TO DEWEY
WILL ARISE
Executive Committee Or
ganizes to Provide
Funds.
Sure of Success-Senator Per
kins Makes a Novel Patriotic
Suggestion.
JAMES. D. PHEL4N - - President
CLAUS SPRECKELS, Ist Vice Pres't
IRVING M. SCOTT, 2d Vice Preset
CAPT. H. fl. FLETCHER, Secretary
Treasurer - A baak to be selected
THESE are the representative
men selected by the Dewey
Statue Committee at its meet
ing yesterday in the office of
his Honor, Mayor James D.
Phelan. In addition to the chief execu
tive the members present were Irving
M. Scott, C. L. Patton, Professor C. H.
Murphy, Charles Bundschu, W. G.
Stafford. George D. Clark, Joseph S.
Tobin, Captain R. H. Fletcher, R. P.
Schwerin and Horace G. Platt.
The dominant tone of comment from
the men gathered in the name of the
people of this city was that the pro
posed movement to honor Admiral
George Dewey and the men wh<> fought
with him at Manila was assured of suc
cess from the outset. That Dewey of
all living Americans holds the first
place in the estimation of the people
of this coast was sMown by the efforts
put forth to induce him to return to
the land he has so ably represented
through the Golden Gate. A small. part
of the energy which would have been
expended on the greeting accorded him
had he returned this way will, if di
rected toward providing a suitable
monument, yield grand results.
After the organization of the com
mittee yesterday an informal discus
sion en3ued as to the probable cost of
the statue and the most appropriate
location. It was suggested that from
$100,000 to $150,000 would be required
and the gentlemen of the committee
seemed confident they could raise the
amount without difficulty. It is not
proposed to make this a local move
ment, limited merely to the metropoli
tan district, but one to be taken up
throughout the State. The committee
men will strive earnestly to press the
matter to a successful issue and have
MAKE THE STATUE HISTORICAL
SAN FRANCISCO, May 20, 1899.
To the Editor of The Call— My Dear Sir: Referring to your adv.i- I
cacy of building a monument or statue in honor of Admiral Dewey, to ♦
be erected in Golden Gate Park in commemoration of the great naval
achievement by Admiral Dewey in Manila Ba; I have already given ex- <
pression to my views in relation to the matter and most heartily com- *
mend the public spirit which prompted your excellent paper to inaugu-
rate this movement. I think this plan far more appropriate than build-
ing a house for him in Washington.
I desire to suggest in this connection, provided it meets with the ■+
approval of our citizens, that I will offer a resolution when Congress <$
meets 'asking the Government to place at the disposal of the peopje of ~t
San Francisco through the special committee appointed, of which the «.
Mayor is an ex-offlcio member, the brass cannon captured at Cavite
and Manila. These cannon we can Have melted and cast into a bronze <
statue of Admiral Dewey and such other appropriate emblems in con- ♦
nection with the monument which would commemorate the valor of the
admiral and those who took part in that memorable conflict. It seems /t,
to me that such use of these cannon would be most appropriate and ♦
more beautiful and useful from an artistic standpoint than as useless *
cannon, and would be an enduring monument of the valor of our sailors. %
Yours truly, GEORGE C. PERKINS. ♦
f
a sculptor at work on marble or bronze
at an early date.
Mayor Phelan complimented his as
sociates on their leanings toward the
artistic, saying: he felt assured they
would select a design that would be an
ornament to the city. He holds strong
ideas on the subject of the "City Beau
tiful," believing Market street should
be dotted with artistic groups of statu
ary. He has done his share in this re
gard as shown in the fountain sym
bolical of California which he dedicated j
to the Native Sons. His Honor believes j
every gore on the north side of Mar^Ll I
street from the ferry to Van Ness ave
nue should be ornamented with artistic
%roups of statuary. -
The standard of art has been raised
materially in recent years on this coast.
This is marked by the rejection of the
Garfleld and Grant monuments and by
the interest manifested in art exhibi
tions of all kinds. To educate the pub
lic and devfelop in them a desire for
the artistic the Mayor would erect
statues wherever possible. The Dewey
monument he would place where every
body entering the city would see it
without being compelled to go in quest
of it.
The gentlemen of the committee have
no misgivings as to the possibility of
raising the funds required. They did
not discuss that detail of their duties
yesterday, leaving it in the hands of
their executive committee to map out
a plan of campaign. This will be sub
mitted at the next meeting in the office
of Mayor Phelan on Tuesday. Decks
will then be cleared for action and the
collection of funds commenced In
earnest
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
In giving an official title to the com
mittee yesterday it was determined to
call it "A committee to erect a monu
ment to the American navy in com
memoration of the victory of Admiral
Dewey at Manila." It will thus honor
the gallant "Jackies" who fought un
der the Stars and Stripes, making
Dewey the central figure.
The question of collections has yet to
be settled by the general committee.
The members will have decided upon a
plan of action on Tuesday, and the
work of getting the contributions will
begin immediately. It is well to heed
the Scriptural injunction in this par
ticular: "He that gives quickly gives
doubly."
Upon the assembling of the gentle
men selected by his Honor the Mayor,
Irving M. Scott moved that a tempor
ary organization be effected. Mayor
Phelan sketched in outline the objects
for which they had been called to
gether, saying it was the intention to
erect a monument in honor of the navy
and of Admiral George Dewey. He
said the matter was still vague and
that it would devolve upon the com
mittee to determine where the monu
ment should be placed when completed;
its character and its cost. He was con
fident from the number of men of artis
tic temperament on the committee tV *t
a monument would be selected which
would be a lasting credit to the me
whom it was intended to honor.
There was a tone of, regret in his
voice when ho said the Grant and Gar
field monuments had been finally re
jected as not being up to the required
standard. He felt assured the mem
bers of the committee would all take
an active part in the present move
ment, and that the monument would be
built before any other community can
honor the heroes of Manila.
Upon motion of Mr. Scott, Captain
R. H. Fletcher, curator of the Art As
sociation, was appointed temporary
secretary. Upon rollcall the following
gentlemen were voted present: James
D. Phelan, Irving M. Scott, R. P.
Schwerin, W. G. Stafford, Charles L.
Patton, Joseph S. Tobin, Professor C.
H. Murphy. Charles Bundschu, George
D. Clark, Horace G. Platt and Captain
Fletcher.
The matter of permanent organiza
tion was then approached. Mayor Phe
lan, at the urgent solicitation of the
gentlemen present, agreed to act as
chairman of the committee, saying he
felt assured the work which had been
undertaken would be pressed to a suc
cessful issue. Claus Spreckels was
chosen first vice president, Irving M.
Scott, second vice president; Captain
Fletcher, secretary. The chairman was
empowered to select either a bank or
an individual as custodian of the funds
which will be collected.
Che question as to what number
should constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business was then de.
bated. Mr. Clark favored seven, while
Mr. Patton favored five as being a good
working number. Mr. Platt and Mr.
Stafford both thought five too small
a number,, considerinr the responsibili
ties which must devolve upon them
when questions of resign and location
must be determined. The judgment of
many people will be obtained to the end
that the best selection may be made.
Mr. Patton urged that the public want
the first and best monument, and that
a competent working majority was de
sirable. The motion that seven of the
eighteen members constitute a quorum
finally prevailed.
Mr. Scott suggested that the chair,
man and secretary retire and prepare
rules under which the committee could
work with the best results, and also
to name the sub-committees. The first
and second vice presidents were added
to the committee on organization.
Mr. Bundschu. who is one of the most
enthusiastic supporters of the project,
urged that the entire committee act ac2
a finance committee, saying that upon
the energy displayed in that direction
tided the succ< ss of the movement.
All must work in harmony and the Jl-
sired outcome is assured.
The discussion then became general
many Interesting points were
brought nut. Mayor Phelan suggested
that each "member of the committee
have allotted him the task pf seeing
•r.M-cnt branches of trade.
This would result, he said, in their
( rossing one anoth< re paths in the col
lection of money. His Honor also
Btarted a discussion as to the estimated
amount required to carry -nit the plan
on broad lines. It was the consensus
of opinion that the statue should cost
1., twei 0 and $150,000.
Ml thought there would bo
but little difficulty in raising $150,006,
which would provide a group in keep-
Ing with the achievements "f Admiral
Dewey and be a credit t<> this city. Mr.
Plati ed that the minimum be
00, that being an excellent figure
on which to work. Mr. Stafford re.
itiful monuments at
Gettysburg and which cost $150,000.
It was filially decided to leave the
naming of the amount required to the
organization committee, which will
on Tuesday at 4 p. in. in the '
Mayor Phelan in the Phelan
buildii
His Honor suggested that the secur
: subscriptions be commenced at
. but it was finally decided to await
the next meetii taking any ac
tion. The fixing of the amount t" be
i will be discussed seriously, as h
was plain that in setting the amount
et," '.be rust Inquiry
usually made in such casts by a sut>
scriber being, "What i.- the total
amount to he raised?"
Mayor Phelan said a mere statue
could be provided foi $25,000, but that
an Imposing monument would cost at
$100,000. It would require :i sub
al figure to attract the attention
n men as St. Gaud I Story,
the designer of the Fram is S< >tt Key
monument in Golden Gate Park.
In selecting a name for the commit
tee its purpose was ;-• : forth as "A
tnittee to erect a monument to the
American navy in com] n of
victory uf Admiral Dewey at Ma
nila. '
The question of location was to;:
itly. Some members of the
tittee joined Mayor Phelan i
advocacy of a downtown site, where
. visitor of the city musi of n<
sity see it.
The chairman complimented the gen
tlemen present upon the work they had
plisned at their first meeting.
YOUTHS' DIRECTORY TO
HAVE A BENEFIT BAZAR
WELL-KNOWN CATHOLICS TAKE
THE AFFAIR IN HAND.
Funds to Be Raised to Relieve a
Large Debt on the New Building
Erected to House Homeless
Youths.
Early in October a baza- "will be held
in this city for the benefit uf the Youths'
Directory. A meeting vas held last i-'ri
day evening and the proposed fair was
discussed at length, lames R. Kell" was
«*eeted president ',: the general commit
"■ 'V T B - . Ml/I " j're vice president, anc
.'.i\hi j. i. «i- .do secretary. Rev D O
trnwley, Hie director of the institution
thanked those present for the interest
tney have taken in the charitable work
anu also gave a brief history of tin
home. He stated that a few ' days age
the r.ew lour-story building at Nineteenth
and klaerrtro streets was mortgaged for
i'M.WO \o help pay the cost of its con-
Btru< ti in. The money derived from m.
bazar will be devoted to relieving tu<
debt.
Following i.s a list of committees who
have the turning affair in charge:
Committee -of arrangements— Lnairman,
Thomas R. Bannerman; John Mulhern
John P. Henry. A. B. Maguire W. Der
ham. James A. Haran, H. F. Budde, John
J. O'Toole, A. Pllcovich, Carl Eisen
schimel. C. B. Delaney, John J. Barrett
R. C. O'Connor, Captain H. J. Meagher
General T. F." Walsh. Captain P. J.
Dunne. Rev. James Melvin.
Press committee— Chairman. David J.
Costello; E. Cullinan, J. S. Bannerman
C. B. Flanagan, G. E. Gallagher Richard
Roach and Mr. Connolly.
Finance and collection committee-
Chairman, Hon. W. Broderick; James ii
Kelly, Patrick Broderick T. 1' < 'rowley
E. Coy, George B. il::ax, J. B. Mcln
tyre, Jeremiah Deasy. J. J. Glide; Owe)
M. Brennan, Leo Gu.:tz, Bernard Brad-
Icy. Matt O'Donnell, J. J. Donovan
Colonel J. C. O'Connor, M. J. Hayes
Colonel W. P. Sullivan. Dan O'Callaghan
Captain M. J. AVrin. Jeremiah Main
J. C. Nealon, Judge Cooney, Dr. J. ]•'. Gib
bon. J. H. O'Brien an.i J. P. Henry. .
General committee— Hon. James D. Phe
lan. John M. Burnett, Dr. O. K. Steers
Joseph Sullivan. John P. Dignan, D. H
Cartwright. John F. McDonald, S. Has
kins. John Spottiswood. G. A. Connelly
Dr. Oliver. R. E. Shepston, Thomas It
Carew, T. P. Riordan, E. Hannen, M. J
Sullivan, W. Cronin, Gerald I. O'Brien
John O'Neill. J. J. Donohue, Captain M
Casey, \V. W. O'Shaughnessy, P. J. Kel
leher, .1. J. Sullivan. William - Swanton
Frank Conklfn, E. Dillon, E. T. Donnelly
Richard Brown. P. T. Thomas. E. Mur
phy, I. J. Buckley, M. Fitzgerald, Dr. J
F. Smith, T. H. Scully, E. Nolan. F. Bo
land. Robert Hunger. W. M. Gillespie
Thomas Prendergast, Dr. J. H. O'(,'onnor
W. F. Humphrey, P. D. Mullar. • Johi
\v. McCarthy. Frank J. Kierce, M. J
Bohannon, Joseph Ethen, James Ha yea
Matt J. Sullivan, U. Bunton, E. Luby, H
W. Baiter, G. Buecker, M. Schwamm
Judge Ferral, Thomas Mullaney, George
E. Lynch, E. Hjartrick, E. O'Connor
Paul B. Hay, Hon. Julius Kahn, Captaii
Fred Palmer, Jan Conlon. W. Lough
lin, W. J. Loughlin. George O'Byrne, Jo
seph D. Regan, James McGinty. Josep)
Dimond, Dr. C. A. Clinton, A. Hoffman
A. AVhipple. Joseph Duggan, J. J. Moran
B. Armer, Philip Bolgen, Dr. T. H. Mor
ris, Mr. Ayl'vard. C. L. Barrington, Hugl
Toote, Philip La!( i John H. Grady, E. J
Gallagher, Daniel Sheerin, T. Kelly, J. D
Mahoney. Thomas Griffin, John Grace
Captain J. Mollett, R. Frost, J.W. Scheid
Jacob Frank, J. H. Barry, A. Vetter, Al
fred AVyss, Charles Maritzen, P. J. Me
Cormick, J. W. McDonald, A. Buckley
Terence Clancey. Dr. F. A. Grazer
George A. Rice, John Hayden, John r
Greany. D. M. Fitzgerald. T. Fallon, Dr
R. J.'O'Connell. Charles Sullivan, J. Vilo
vich, Hon. Frank J. Sullivan, Charle
Bantel, Hon. J. F. Sullivan, M. J. Dun
leavv. J. Colson. J. Measrher.
GALLIC WAS QUARANTINED.
Was Detained Seven Days at Naga
saki, Japan.
The Gaelic of the oriental and Occi
dental Bteamship line arrived lrnm Asiatic
portn via Honolulu yesterday aftei
eight days overdue, fihf lay out in tne
stream four hours while her Chinese pas
rs were being transferred to the
quarantine station at Angel Island, reach
ing her dock at 6:30 p. m. The Q
had an eventful voyage. On the trip
Hongkong to Nagasaki a case of small
pox developed among the Chinese passen
gers in thfe steerage which resulted in the
steamer being detained In quarantine at
the Japanese pori for seven days. Anotu
lay of nineteen hours occurred at
Honolulu because of Ihe crowded condi
tion of the harbor.
During ttrt entire voyage the Gaelic
encountered head winds. She brini
saloon i aßsengers, 437 Chinese and lt
European steerage passengers. Among
■ ii • . are Lord and Lady Chichi . ler
Sir James Ploee, Sidney Smith, the father
in-law of the late Lieutenant Lai
i . H. x., who w.-is ki !!<■<) In Samoa, and
the troupe of Japanese players beaded by
Eiawakanil and Mme. STacco, who are
i feed for a two weeks' engagement -at
the California Theater commencing
June 18.
-, * — ♦- — •--
AND ENDS DAY
Bone ;irticleß cut GO per cent.
Some artii per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRirR
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO
Stores Everywhere.
RAILROAD CRAFT IN
THE CIRCUIT COURT
Cunning Attempt to Evade Costs
in the Grain Rate Cases,
How a "Joker " Was Placed in the Petition to Judge
Morrow The State Will Demand Costs of Suit
and Probably Heavy Penalties.
JUDGE MORROWS dismissal of the
grain rate cases, upon motion of
the Southern Pacific Company, has
created widespread comment and
a general suspicion that the rail
mad people took their unexpected ac
tion for some crafty purpose not read
ily apparent. There is an absolute cer
tainty that the Southern Pacific Com
pany did not wish to have the cases
dismissed upon its own motion. Two
Railroad Commissioners were dishon
ored in an effort to have the cases
thrown out of the Circuit Court in an
other way, and it is idle to suppose that
the railroad company would honestly do
what it forced public officials dishon
estly to attempt. The railroad company
was fearful that if it dismissed the
it would be compelled to pay the.
;osti? and probably the enormous penal
ties provided for a disobedience of the
->rder of the Railroad Commission made
in September, 1895.
Notwithstanding this fear the South
ern Pacific Company has dismissed the
suns, and with its customary craft it
is striving to escape the consequences
of Its own action. Through a cleverly
i address to Judge Morrow the
railroad company hopes to escape both
costs and penalties by making it ap
pear that the Southern Pacific Com
pany simply consented to the motion of
the Railroad Commission to dismiss-the
r-ases and did not of its own motion ask
-missal. With this lame and cheap
subterfuge, which Judge Morrow ig
nored, the railroad hopes to cheat the
State.
In the address, which was written
and signed by William F. Herrin and
i:. S. Pillsbury and is therefore a docu
ment of record in the Circuit Court, are
:hese words: "The complainant hereby
:;ts that st.i.t cause be and the
same is hereby dismissed."
Judge Morrow utterly ignored this
phrasing and made the final decree of
dismissal as follows: "The complain
ant, having on this, the Huh day of
May. 1599, produced and filed in open
c< nit its dismissal of this suit, it is
hereby ordered and decreed that the
said cause be and the same is hereby
dismissed." ;
It is upon this decree and not upon
the crafty wording of the railroad pe
tition that the question of the costs of
the suits will be decided. Judge Mor
row has already given an emphatic ex
pression of his opinion of those who
trifle with the court, and his decree
shows conclusively that he understood
that the Southern Pacific Company
plainly asked for a dismissal of the
suits.
Having done so, the Southern Pacific
Company made itself clcurly responsi
ble for the costs and a demand for th^e?
costs will be made to-morrow in be
half of the State. Attorney General
F rd, Judge Hayr.e and W. W. Footc
have already had an informal discus
sion of the matter and they have de
termined to present a complete bill oi
costs. The Southern Pacific Company
will cor.test the claim, basing its flghl
upon the quibble in its petition. The
railroad, in this affair, has added one
more outrage to ttu' many it has at
tempted in the litigation. It has de
liberately attempted to impose upor
Judge Morrow and with the impositior.
cheat the State.
Attorney General Ford. Judge Haynt
and W. W. Foote have not yet decided
what they shall do in reference to the
penalties, to which it is claimed, the
Southern Pacific Company has subject
ed itself under the constitution. A
rence will be held at an early day
probably to-morrow or Tuesday, and
the representatives of the State will
then determine upon a course of ac
tion.
"We will do cvervthinf in our pow-
er." said Attorney General Ford, last
night, "to protect the rights of the
State. The dismissal of the case came
as a complete surprise to me. and I
have not yet hud an opportunity to
confer at length with Judge Hayne and
Mr. Foote. A.a for the exaction of the
penalties, that is a question which we
must yet consider seriously and I do
r.ot rare at present to express an opin
ion in reference to it."
W. W. Foote was asked last even
ing what will be the prospective action ;
of the State in connection with the
grain rate cases. He replied: "The
cases have been dismissed and no fur- j
ih r action can be taken as I under
stand it until the Railroad Commis-
Bionen formulate some other schedule. |
The present status of the cases, as I
understand it, is that the whole mat
ter is wiped out — eliminated."
Mr. Foote was also asked whether |
th<- dismissal of the suit on the part of |
the Southern Pacific Company, dis
missed the whole affair, including the ;
25 per cent reduction, ar.d he replied
that it did. "Rut by the way." said^
he, "that never was insisted upon by
the State or its attorneys in tho litiga
tion which recently terminated In the i
United States Circuit Court."
When asked whether the railroad
company would suffer the penalty of
the law for disobeying the.. order made
by the Railroad Commission, Mr. Foote
said he did not like to commit himself
on the question as he had not examined
it closely. He admitted that it had been
the subject of discussion between him
self. Judge Hayne and Attorney Gen
eral Ford, but they had not as yet come
to any conclusion.
off hand," he continued. "I should
say, it is quite possible that the suit
having been dismissed. It was the Idea
of the railroad company that that
would relieve it from all the pains and
penalties contained in the constitution
and lavs of the State of California.
This, in my judgment, applies both to
the fines and imprisonment. If the
penalties could be exacted the order
having been violated so many times.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAT 21, 1899.
its enforcement in the courts would
practically bankrupt the company.
"I received this afternoon a copy of
the written dismissal of the decree of
the court, which I had not examined
before. The peculiarity about this pro
ceeding: was that the written dismissal
was signed by Mr. Herrin as solicitor
and by Mr. Plllsbury as counsel for the
railroad company, so that the order of
dismissal was signed as a fact. It says
that on the 9th day of May the court
directed the Attorney GeneraJ to dis
miss the cases, but the conclusion of
the dismissal says that the railroad at
torneys being aware of that fact came
in and consented that the court should
grant the motion made by the Attorney
General. This, in my judgment, was
not a dismissal on the part of the com
plainants, but the consent to a dis
missal on the part of the railroad com
pany, and it was probably carefully
framed to defeat the State in any effort
that might be mad.- to recover its costs
from the railroad company. Upon this
written decr< c Judge Morrow bas^d and
issued a short decree in which he dis
miss.-.] the rapes and drafted the order
of dismissal as though it was made
upon the part of the complainants
themselves.
"I have no doubt that Judge Morrow's
decree will hold and that the State will
recover its costs. However, upon this
subject we have not thoroughly made
up our minds. Early in the week Mr.
Hayne. the Attorney General and my
self will have a consultation and we
will take every precaution to proteci
the rights of the State."
DENY NEVILLS' CHARGE
Martin and Ballard Join Issues in the
App Mining Case.
By the tiliim- of an answer yesterday
Issues were joined in the action of Wil
liam A. Nevllls and his wife against Wil
liam H. Martin and John Ballard to com
pel the transfer ;,, the plaintiffs of
--■■', stores of the App Consolidated
Gold Mirrtrs- Company, alleged to be un
lawfully held by the defendants. I'nless
the plaintiffs demur to the answer for the
purpoei of gaining time the action will
soon go on trial on its merits.
In the answer defendants deny that
they have unlawfully withheld the stock,
as alleged, and aver that the corporation,
of which they are a part, purchased the
property in litigation for the sum of
$130,000, the sum being paid the defend
ants, who were the original owners of the
property now held by the App Company,
by the issuance to them of 50.000 shares of
the i apltal stock of the corporation. Xo
other stock was issued to them, defend
ants set forth, and ask that judgment be
entered in their favor.
LED THE CALEDONIANS
ON TO POPULARITY
John F- Kennedy. C. M. Boyd. C. Chisholm. fl. McLeod.
W. C. Burnett. D. R. McNeill. John Reid. D. (\. Macdonald.
Ex-Chiefs of the Club Which Has Won an Enviable Name for Pro
moting Athletic Sports.
TO commemorate the thirty-third annual gathering and games of the Caledonian Cub that will he held in Shell i
Mound Park on Decoration day the ex-chiefs, eight in number, have had a group tnken, which will be placed in !
Scottish Hall. The ex-chiefs arc D. A. Macdonald, Colin M. Bo yd, John F. Kennedy, Angus McLeod, W. C. Bur- i
nett, Christopher Chisholm, D. R. MeN'eill and John Reid, who am still taking an active interest in the success of '
thr cluh, which is acknowledged to be one of the wealthiest of its kind on this continent.
A brief sketch of the cluh may not be out of place. In 1563 Donald McLay. James Aitken, John Rain. George T !
Scott, Clem Dixon and -a few other Scotchmen mot and agreed to hold a picnic with the object' of practicing and perpetu- :
ating some of the ancient games of Scotland, and the first gathering of the clans war. held that year at Hayes Park in I
Hayes Valley. In 1884 the gathering was held in Sausalito. and as a result Caledonia avenue, the principal street In the i
town. Is named after the club. In 18fi r i the outing was held at the White House, on Mission street, between Twt-nty- '
first and Twenty-second, and it met with such unexpected success that in lSGfi the club was organized and held the first '
annual gathering and games at the Recreation grounds, between Folsom and Harrison streets and Twenty-fourth and '
Twenty-sixth streets. j
In 1887 Donald McLennan was elected the first chief of the club, who held office for four years. David Mitchell sue- •
ceeded him and served for two years, and Stewart Menzies served for one year. D. A. Macdonald was elected in 1574 '
and served for flvr years, and it was during his administration that the club met with such unparalleled success that j
Its name was brought prominently before the people of the United States as the first club to encourage athletic sports '
before the public. Colin M. Boyd was chief in 1879 and served for two years; John P. Kennedy for three' years- D \
MacdOsato, two years; -Angus McLeod. three years; W. C. Burnett, three years; Christopher Chisholmi two' years- '
D. R. McNeill, three years, and John Reid, one. year. Angus McLeod is chief for the present year. ■ ' !
Although organized for social and athletic purposes only, the club dispenses a great deal in charity, and during
the big fires in Boston, Chicago and Seattle several years ago it subscribed liberally toward the destitute. Within the '
paßl two years the club has donated a handsome sum toward the erection of a monument in Golden Gate Park to Scot- '<
Land's Immortal poet, Robert Burns. ',
FIGHTING FOR
THE CAUSE OF
THE FINLANDERS
Local Societies Plan a
Crusade.
MASS MEETINGSTO BE CALLED
A MAMMOTH PETITION TO THE
PRESIDENT.
Organizations in All Parts of the
United States Unite to Give
Assistance to the Op
pressed People.
The encroachments being made upon
the liberties of the people of Finland by
the Czar of Russia have aroused local
Finns to an effort to do something in be
half of their native land. They have al
| ready organized a movement to secure
| an expression of public opinion, and by
! petition and mass-meeting's will seek to
I enlist the sympathies of Americans in
; their cause. They are emphatically op
j posed to the Russianizing of Finland, and
' will ask the people of this country to
aid them in making their protest effect
ive.
The movement is not by any means
! confined to this city. A committee repre
senting the Finns of Michigan has al
ready been to Washington. They have
j been promised the hearty co-operation of
j United States Senator McMillan and have
■ had an interview with President MeKin
ley, who seemed favorably inclined to
I their pleading. Several informal confer
' ences were held with members of the
American delegation to the Czar's peace
conference, and a promise was given that
! the matter will be made a matter of dis
i cussion at the conference, if possible.
The affair has therefore been a sub
ject of great agitation in this country and
the local Finn? determined to take up
! the crusade. Delegates from the rive local
Finnish societies up t on Friday night in
an Informal conference, at which Carl
' Ericson presided. While nothing definite
was ('one it was the general opinion that
a mass-meeting should be called and
prominent American speakers be invited
Ito attend. The local Finnish societies
i wish to inform the people of the justice
I of their cause. They wish to show how
i the Czar is rapidly encroaching upon the
rights of the people »f Finland, abridging
' their liberties, forcing them to eontrihut •
disproportionately to the army and in
many other ways attempting to enslave
them.
Through the medium of mass-meetings
the relation between Finland and Russia
will be shown and then American citi
zens will be asked to assist the cause of
the oppressed people. The representatives
i of the various societies will meet soon
again to perfect, arrangements for the
meeting, 'there is a project also on foot
to circulate a petition to President Mc-
I Kinley to exercise his good offices with
I the. Czar. It is the purpose of the movers
!in the matter to circulate this petition
I among American citizens in every great
city In America. Wttpn the mammoth
document is finished it will be presented
to the President.
FIRST CLASS HARES
MADE GOOD COURSING
Some Decisions That Were Received
With Bad Favor by the Patrons
of the Game.
The hares at Union Park ran splendidly
yesterday; in fact, a marked improve
ment in their performances was mani
fest, but although the judge was evi
dently honest in his convictions, he made
some errors that were unpardonable.
The course between Snapshot and
Eclipse demoralized the talent who
played Snapshot to win at 5 to 1. Eclipse
truly got in for a turn and kill at the
linish. but that was all that could be
recorded to the dog's credit. Snapshot
led well at the start, took the first turn
and scored at least twenty points be
fore his opponent grot in as previously
stated for a turn and kill. Eclipse did
occasionally wrench a few times from
the turns made by Snapshot, but ac
cording to coursing rules wrenches of
this nature do not count, consequently
Snapshot should have won the flag with
several points in his favor. In the course
between Commodore Nash and Conqueror
the last named dog was first to game,
turned and wrenched several times, al
lowing Commodore Nash, by favoritism
of the hare, to get in for a turn and kill.
The nag went up for Commodore Nash,
much to the chagrin of the spectators,
who smiled but kept th.-ir counsel, fear
ing expulsion. The Royal Prize and Bo
nita course was another feature of the
day's racing which created considerable
talk.
The pikers who played the short ends
were made haimy when Mission Tip beat
Victor King; May Queen beat Lady Gil
more; Master Gordan beat Terrona;
Royal Oak beat Italia Rookh: Royal Buck
beat Glen Roy; Eclipse beat Snapshot;
Mercy May beat Beauty Spot, and Wag's
defeat of Rochester, who was a 5 to 1
shot.
Wag is an Australian bitch that made
her first appearance yesterday. She is a
magnificent worker, but rather slow in
Kitting to game. She will undoubtedly
be heard from later. Owing to an injury
which it is said Maori Land received
when exercising, the dog was withdrawn,
allowing his opponent, Mayflower, a bye.
The result of yestei day's coursing is ap
pended:
Open stake, thp run down-Mystic Maid heat
Beauty; Las Palmas beat Silver Lyon; Scout
beat Interesting; Mayflower ran a bye; Battle
ship beat Grlpman; Mountain Beauty beat Re
volver: Maid of the Hill heat Rustan: Luxor
beat Gladiator; Tod Sloan beat Ski; Mission
Tip beat Victor King: Lowlander b-at Kid M>--
Coy; Petronius beat Black Night; Emm Pasha
beat Lady Emma; f'andelaria beat Sportsman;
May Queen beat Lady Gilmore; Bla'-k Lock
beat Valley Maid; Master GoYdon beat Ter
rona: Royal Oak beat Lalla Rookh; St. Michael
beat. Flying Faster; Lawrence beat Santa Inez;
McKinley beat Dauntless; Bit of Fashion beat
Tie Tar; False Flatterer beat O. K. Capitol:
Commodore Nash beat Conqueror: Mapif beat
Soubrette; Sylvanus beat Prince Hal; Myrtle
beat Master Mat: Old Glory beat Prince .Je
rome; Patria beat Wheel of Fortune: Victor
Queen beat Morning; Glory: Rocket beat Fire
ball; Royal Buck beat Glen Roy; Statesman
beat Hard Lines; Royal Prize beat Bonita:
Rusty Gold beat Ro a d Agent; Blackette beat
Ben Bolt; Miss Grizzle beat Report; Pretender
beat Hercules; Eclipse beat Snapshot: Mercy
May beat Beauty Spot; Lottie M beat Expense;
Metallic beat Ltghtfoof. Was: beat Rochester;
Sweet Lips beat Maid of F.rin: Crosgpatoh
beat Minerva; Twin City Girl beat Sir John
Arnott; Gulden "Russet beat Galivant; Rock
Island Boy beat War Cloud.
Recauee of the fact that stimulants are now
administered . to dogs that have grown weary
of the game for the purpose of giving them new
life, so to speak. The Call omits giving opin
ions as to the probable winner? of the first
rounj3 subsequent to th» run down, but ac
cording to the form displayed by the runners
of yesterday. Luxor. Rusty Gold. Lawrence and
Lottie M should be well up in the final rounds
of the days coursing.
Puppy stake— Result of the run down: Tiger
T.ily beat Rounding Belle: Master Claire beat
Winning Lassie; Lady Claire beat Flora Mc-
Donald: Alex beat Fury: Silent Treasure beat
Mary Ann: Richmond Queen beat Lady Ethel:
Onward beat Briar Root; Hot Haste beat
Flame- Defender beat Controller: High Dice
beat Risky Attempt. Fohe beat St. Helen;
Daisy Claire beat Morso Patrol; P,elle of An
derson beat Sara: For Glory beat Terronlte;
Geraldine beat Sweet Emma: Rr.sie Claire beat
Rsmeralda: Mammy Pleasant beat T'>wa Maid;
Lavender beat Young Firenzi; MacDougall beet
Modesty; Nancy R beat Cash Day
First ' round of the run down— Master Claire
beat Tiger Lily; Lady Claire beat Alex; Silent
Treasure beat Richmond Queen: Hot Haste
beat Onward: Defender beat High Dice: Rohe
beat Daisy Claire: Belle of Anderson beat For
Glory; Ronle Claire beat Geraldine; Mammy
Pleasant beat Lavender; MacDougall beat
Nancy R.
s nd round of the run down— Lady Claire
beat Master Claire: Silent Treasure beat Hoi
Haste; Rohe beat Defender: Rosie Claire beat
Belle of Anderson; Mammy Pleasant beat Mac-
Dougall.
The park programmes. It will be noticed,
State "second round" immediately following
the run down. According to coursing ethics
thi- first round follows the run down, but ac
cording to the rules which govern coursing in
California the run down is considered the first
round whicft Is an Innovation forelen to
coursing in the c luntrfes which are the origin
ators of the game.
/i. Service of Sacred Music.
A service of sacred sons ■will be held
at the Younp Men's Christian Association
Auditorium. Mason and .Ellis streets, this
afternoon at 3 o'clock. Instrumental mu
sic will be furnished by the First- Baptist
Church orchestra, and there will be quar
tets, duets and solos by the Knicker
bocker quartet. Mrs. Armstrong- and Mr.
William Withers. Voting men in general
are invited.
SOLDIERS HAVE
ANOTHER SCARE
AT THE PRESIDIO
Thought the Small pox
Patient Had Fled.
RUMOR WAS SOON DISPROVED
HOSPITAL WILL BE KEPT IN
QUARANTINE TEN DAYS.
Original Detachment Ordered to Duty
About the Infected Quarters
Will Be Isolated With
the Patient.
There was a scare at the Presidio yes
terday, caused by the disappearance of
an immune who had been ordered to at
tend upon Private MoMurray, the colored
soldier afflicted with smallpox. It was
soon quelled, however, when the party
turned up late yesterday afternoon, and
after explaining his absence took up the
duties a&signed him.
When McMurray was taken to his place
of confinement at an isolated point of the
reservation John Wagner, Octave Gaiutch
er, Charles Haughton and Private Brun,
all immunes and members of th.c casual j
detachment, were detailed by Dr. Ware j
to serve as his attendants. One of the i
men suddenly absented himself without
leave, and the military authorities, think
ing that he was attempting to shirk the |
duties imposed upon him, started a de- i
taehment out to locate him and return
him to ihe Presidio.
Word was passed around among the sol
diers that the officials were in uuest of j
some one who had escaped, but they were ,
unable to learn the circumstances. The i
supposition spread that another soldier
had suddenly become stricken with the i
disease and had made an effort to escape.
In a short time the rumor gained propor- ■■
tions and fear of an epidemic caused
much uneasiness among the troops. Ap- |
prehension was dissipated when the au- j
thorities gave out the details of the case
and the circumstances of the disappear- i
ance.
The immune returned yesterday after
noon and went to headquarters. He stat
ed that, having received his pay on Fri
day, he believed it the proper caper to
celebrate before going into solitary con
finement, hence hied himself to the city,
where, after an overindulgence in steam
beer, he spent the night. He was imme
diately sent to the quarantine quarters,
and- says that he had no intention of
avoiding his duty.
A detachment of twelve men accom
panied the patient to the smallpox hos
pital. It was the intention of the author
ities to change the guard every twelve
hours, keeping the men a safe distance
from the point of contagion. In some
manner, however, the first detachment ex
posed itself and the unfortunate dozen
will be obliged to remain in quarantine
with the patient until all danger is
passed.
The post hospital will be kept in quar
antine for ten days, during which time it
will be thoroughly disinfected ,tnd all
nurses and attendants obliged to remain
within its confines. All the sick of the
post will be taken to the general hospital,
where they will be afforded treatment.
The patient is getting along nicely, and
no fears for the spread of the disease are
entertained.
STRONGLY FAVOR THE
NEWS $1 10 GAS RATE
IMPROVEMENT CLUBS PASS A
RESOLUTION.
H. G. Cupples Delivers a Warm Argu
ment Against Paying the Rate
Demanded by the Gas
Company.
The executive committee of the Feder
ation of Mission Improvement Clubs
held an interesting meeting last nighi
In Kairmount Hall. 11. G. Cupples, one of
the organizers of the Gas Consumers'
League, which is being formed to resist
the gas company's collecting $1 75 pi i
feet, appeared before the committee and
delivered a lively talk. In part he s;iid:
•'ln my work of organizing the consum
ers of gas to protect themselves as
against the gas company in its exactions
of the $1 7;> rate, when it is claimed tliat
the $1 10 rate is the legal maximum rate •
to be charged, I have found a very gen
eral sentiment in favor of actively resist- ■
ing the attempts of the company to en- i
force the higher rate by bulldozing meth
ods, or by the roundabout method of -
promising a refunding of a portion if the
lower rate is sustained. The only litiga
tion thus far started is in the so-called
'Hooper case," wherein the company has
brought suit against \v. B. Hooper for
the collection of his bill at the higher
rate. Owing to the press comments on
this ease there arc very grave doubts in
the minds of many people as to the out
come and how it will affect them. It does
not seem reasonable to suppose that thts
gas company would step in and so sud
denly select a person nnd open up ;; caa ■
to serve as a test of the rat<> if the facts
and conditions were not most favorable
to it.
"But even supposing that the conditions
surrounding this case were favorable for
a fair adjudication of the rate it lies
within the power of the gas company to
dismiss the action at any time' when its
interests can best he subserved and in
such event the matter will still be unset
tled and really in worse shape than at
present.
"The only way of testing the matter for
the benefit of the people generally is
through an action brought in their inter
est and over which they have control
"Now, as to the payment or non-pa v
ment of gas bills. let me say thN If
consumers refuse to litigate and continue
paying the $1 75 rate with the promised re
bate, depending upon others to make tin
test, there is little likelihood of there be
ing any refunding, if they let the mat
ter of litigation rest in the charge of in
dividuals, even if the latter are in the end
successful, the return of the excess will
be in the far distant future.
"I have found that many people have
refused to pay the $1 75 fate but have
made a tender of the amount of their bills
at the $1 10 rate, which has been refused
by the agents of the company. In no case
has the gas been shut off for a refusaJ to
pay. Taking into consideration the fact
that while a large number of parties are
not paying, many consumers who have no
desire to personally stand the brunt of
litigation are paying under protest at' the
$1 7j rate. The company is collecting in
this way and at this rate a larger sum
than it would receive were it to adopt
the $110 rate and be able to collect from'
all. Therefore the logical action to be
taken is for more consumers to refuse to
pay except it be the Jl 10 rate."
The remarks of Mr. Cupples were lis
tened to with deep Interest and when he
concluded the following resolution was
unanimously adopted:
"Resolved, That it, is the sense of the
Federation of Mission Improvement Clubs
that the $1 10 rate made for gas by the
Hoard of Supervisors is a just compensa
tion to the San Krancisco Gas and Elec
tric Company and we believe that th.'
courts will decide it to be the legal rate
and all that the gas company is entitled
to collect; and I- it further resolved, that
wp nree and recommend our members and
the members of the affiliated organiza
tions as well as the >gas consumers at
large', to nay their bills on that basis
only."
Big Sale of Wool.
STOCKTON. May 20.— Thirty-five thou
sand rounds of wool was sold to-day by
William? & Moore to the agent of an
Extern firm. The price ranged from 8 to
X 2 cents, according to Quality.
RIVERA DAIRYMAN
HAS DISAPPEARED
Barney Vail Joins the
Missing.
VANISHES MINUS A COAT
WITH HIM GO HORSES. WAGON
AND MILK CANS.
Made No Preparations for His De
parture, and His Friends Are
Puzzled Over the Af
fair.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. May 20.— Barney Vail,
a dairyman of Rivera, has vanished. A
milk wagon and a team of horses disap
peared with him. Vail, who was a bach
elor, 45 years of age. sober and indus
trious, was employed by George H. Smith
of this city to drive a wagon to and from
a skimming station near Rivera. No rea
son is assigned for his disappearance, as
he is not known to have had enemies or
business troubles. He was last seen on
Monday afternoon. He flrove to this city
with a wagonload of milk and called to
see his employer, Smith, on a matter of
business. Late in the afternoon he got
into the wagon and started to return
home. A few minutes later he stopped
j at Heintzman's drugstore and purchased
!50 cents' worth of cotton-root bark. A
friend of his, Don Montgomery of Rivera,
had commissioned him to make the pur
! chase. Vail did not take the package, but
1 requested a clerk to mail it to Montgom
i cry. This is regarded as an indication.
j that Vail did not intend to return home.
After leaving the store Vail was not
i seen again. Persons along the Rivera
; road saw him driving fo town, but none
iof them saw him returning. That he had
! made no preparations to go away is made
i clear by his friends to-night, who say
that his clothing is at his home and that
1 he did not wear a coat when last seen.
i The friends that have been searching for
! Vail since Monday invoked the aid of the
i detectives to-night.
STEERING APPARATUS
WAS TAMPERED WITH
HONOLULU, May 13.— The army trans
port Warren had a narrow escape going
out of the harbor on the Ist inst. , and it
is due to Captain Macauley's skill and
carefulness that she got out in safety.
Some malicious person aboard the trans
port fastened the clutch that connects
the hand and steam steering apparatus,
so that the rudder could not respond to
the wheel.
The Warren cast off her lines at 5:30
k from the Oceanic wharf. Captain
Macauley was the ""Hot. He, swung her
around by her stem and bow lines until
she was in perfect position to move out
of the harbor. Then she started ahead.
When sh( s<ot to the point near the light
ly ruse where the turn is made into the
channel the vessel tailed to respond to
the wheel. Captain Macauley ordered the
engines reversed, and backed up. The ves
sel backed true and another start was
made. Again the vi Ssel railed to respond
to the wheel. Captain Macauley was now
convinced that something was wrong with
the steering gear and backed Into rood
position, and sent lines to the Pacific Mail
wharf to hold the vessel in position
while an examination was made. It was
then that the discovery was made that
the clutch had been disconnected. The
connection was made and a guard placed
over the clutch to prevent any more tam
pering with it. and then the vessel moved
out under perfect control.
While the steering- gear was disconnect
ed another untoward incident occurred,
not important in itself, but significant in
connection with the other. This was the
breaking of the telegraphic connection
between the bridge ami the engine room.
The speaking tube connection was. how
ever. Mill intact. .
The discovery of the trouble with the
steering gear in time found the vessel at
a point where it could be safely handled.
But had the discovery been delayed until
later, the most serious consequences
might have ensued. It is supposed the
motive of this tampering was to delay, the
departure, of the vessel. The belief >>n
shipboard was thai it was done not by
the soldiers, but by some of the ship's
crew.
ADVERTISEMENTS. " '■
"cNecessity
Knows No Law."
But a 'law of Nature bows
.to the necessity of keeping
the blood pure so that the
entire system shall be strong,
healthy and vigorous. To
take Hood's Sarsaparilla, the
\ great blood purifier, is hence
a law of health and a neces-
sity in nearly every home.
Eczema — "Our baby's face itched so
and -was covered 'with scabs, she suffered,
everything. We tried Hood's Sarsaparilla .
and she <was aired. Her face is now:
smooth, white and soft." 3lrs. Wilbur
! Wells, Warren, Conn.]
Morning Fatigue—"/ suffered ,
<with a tired feeling and headache every
\ morning and evening. I took Hood's Sar-
' saparilla, and got relief. It also cured me
' of the grip and of catarrh of 12 years
\ duration." cMrs. Jennie Homer, Stoys-
to<zvn, 'Pa.'
Hood's Fills cure liver Ills; the non-irritating and
only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsapariiljy
YOU CANNOT LOSE IF YOU
DO YOUR BUSINESS WITH US.
THE INVESTORS' CO-OPERATIVE COM-
PANY offers people of moderate means the
same advantage, in stocks, bonds and grain that
the capitalist enjoys.
We earned and paid 9 per cen,t
to our shareholders for the
month of Apr 1.
INVESTORS' CO-OPERATIVE CO.,
President, JOSEPH J. SLEEPER, also Presi-
dent Citizens' Mutual Banking and Bulldlnjr
Society, Past Grand- Commander American
Legion of Honor.
Send for Drospectus. .
MAIL AND EXPRESS BUILDING
_^ 203 Broadway, New York. -
*" '" "s. s>* L-iL. "*■ Eyes Scientifically
,<=s>tf\ A/^Z^N Tested. Perfect
(frGJFV& V^W^l ™, 1( , Gu . ar -"iteea.
i-..5-..^' <.- V^f>* Children's Eyea m
fe44>*« srssL s,
i CONSOLIDATED OPTICAL r CO. TCRISIS IN
CUBA NOW
VERY NEAR
Insurgents Disgruntled and
Refuse to Surrender
Their Arms.
DELAY CAUSES ANGER
Weapons Removed Prom Havana
and Former Rebels Retiring
to the Country.
Pperlai Cable to The Call and the New Tork
■ ' pyrighted, 18W, bj Jai
Bennett.
%■ HAVANA, May 20.— General Brooke's
decree providing for the payment of the
a nanny was nut issued to-day,
• r his promise yesterdaj the
Cubans generally* look upon it as a cci
tain indication that the United States
has decided that arms must be turned
<■■> i r to the arsenals.
Tlu> feeling ha i t< ns< against
the American Government during the
last two daj - AJg< r Is
beini . an press, while
<"i]!>an leaders, both Gomez and anti
ire condemning him for delay-
Ing hah they declare
will surely result in trouble.
Th. ■ ' \ refuse to surrender
the arsenals is boldly
Btated by Cubans everywhere. Colonel
ral i Jomez's mouth]
I resent it to a
ral Brooke must take the
ted all day
with ■ his chiefs. He is dis
gruntled and evidently disappointed at
th.- di
•■ ■ > » n has been given to the
tuthorities that many new
r arms have been taken
into the country, and
isti ted to-night to ex
irts leaving the city and
is characters. It is stated
an agents have bought up
from former Spanish vol
* and stored them away.
my Cuban soldiers have been leav
the city a"-i scarcely one waa
■*ay. The military au
■ a crisis is near.
■ precau .- being taken to
suppress an i eak and Cuban en-
Qts are beinir closely w.-nehed
GENERAL BROOKE MAY
MODIFY HIS ORDER
m-.u YORK. May 20.— A Washington
the Herald says: Aft^r
Blderation of the matter with Secretary
• ral < Jorbin, Pres-
Idenl MclClnley has 'Jir-t-t >-<i Major Oon
f ral Brooke to i m with
n that the arms
•- of th.^ Cuban BOldiera be
. . of Mayors of towns.
It was the Intention of the President to
call a mi I | lie I 'abint t to consfder
but he finally reached tho
lusion that General Brook< is better
; !i it than any one in
■ il Brooke accede to the
Cuba • :■:• rs
■ ■ admii ■ say the United
uld not Buffer. Mayors an ap
i ke and American
in the Isla
to have the larger town*, whirr th.
ter number of arms will be stored,
r surveillam c and no appn h
* is felt that In case ■•( another revolt, af
~ the arms and equipments are aurren
■■ those which een giv< n up
t\ ill '.. r< turn, d to ■ nists.
• has no idea how
• - ,'.l to the
■ er, but In view of Ihe Insti .
own discre-
It is believed that he will announce
■ his k< neral order to
than !< adera and
that the payment 'if the soldiers and sur
• their arms and equipments will
lmm> dial ely i omm
Alexander Mcßinnon Dead,
SA N ll. \ X \i:i. M r Mc
'•vnii.-tm McKin
iow chapl ■ ■ First < "allfornla
Regiment at Manila, died to-day of a
complaint of the ll' er at his cottagi
the Catholic convent. He was aged 7:<
and had been married forty-eight
He is Burviv d 1 ther son,
Bernard McKh B .i-un, and a
!T. r. who is a .lister In the convent
Tho funeral services will tak,
iy at San Rafael and th< Interment
will be In Oakland.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Many a man with his
I^Ki^Vvfeiiai;' whole soul immersed in
V y>lf-i^JS!ti?§;i business and moneyget-
ting is like the miser
AV«S4^ *lb«i whose spring doer shut
■I \^**r&P\&i to and lockrd him in fo:-
-gold, and /wTjjO''^!^'*' *k a * a b a PPy.
cheerful glllCvaX 1 home is rather
to be chos- \^J-Jjfl-A , , en than great
riches, tin 3 j til they hear
the trap- » door of disease
spring; to and shut them off from all the
bright hopes they labored for.
A sick man cannot be happy; he cannot
accomplish the work he has to do in this
world; he loses the very money he is striv-
ing for ; his ambition defeats itself. Any
man who discovers that his strength and
energy are giving way has an unfailing
means of regaining his physical health and
stamina in the simple yet all-potent restor-
ative power of that wonderful "Golden
Medical Discovery " originated by Dr. R. V.
Pierce, of Buffalo. N. V., the world-famous
specialist in diseases of the nutritive or-
ganism. • .
Among the thousands who have consulted him
by mail the case of Mr. Newton B. Blake, of
Tiplersvi'.le. Tippah Co., Miss., as shown in the
following letter indicates the remarkable efficacy
of his treatment : "In December 1895 my health
began to fail, I tried many different kinds of-
medicines and the more I took the worse the dis-
ease grew. Finally in April when I was busy
with the farm work my health got so bad that I
could not hold out to work one hour. My breath
became short and I was weak and nervous, and
oftentimes would spit blood. I was unable to
work. I tried one of the doctors in the vicinity
but failed to obtain reliaf. I seemed to grow
worse. My fatlier received a book from Dr.
Pierce- in which 1 read of a case similar toinine,
and decided to write to Dr. Pierce. He recom-
mended me to take his ' Golden Medical Discov-
ery.' After taking six bottles of this remedy I
. cau recommend it as one of the best medicines
>• up the system. of the now enjoying
v " bu'.iii up the system. I am now enjo3'ini»
' £x>d health."
Torpid liver and constipation are surely
and speedily cured by Dr. Pierces Pleasant
Pellets. They never gripe. They regulate,
tone up and invigorate th liver, stomach
and bowels. No substitutt\urged by mer-
cenary dealers is as good.
POOR PEACE PROSPECT
IN THE PHILIPPINES
Special Cable to Th» Call and th* New York
Kerala. Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Ocr
don Bennett. .
MANILA. May SO.— Members of
the Filipino Commission, with
credentials from Aguinaldo, are
in Manila, after a three days
trip from Victoria. They passed
through General Lawton's line at San
Isidro. and have been rushed by re
lays of horses and special train to Ma
nila. They are General Gregorio del
l'ilar, Colonel Alberto Barretto, Direct
or of Foreign Affairs: Major Lorenzo
C. Zialcita, aid to Aguinaldo, and Gra
cio Gonzaga, former Secretary of
State. They are to be joined by three
other members living In Manila—Flor
entino Torres, Pablo Ocampo and Tea
doro Yangko, and will elect a president
and secretary.
Senor Gonzaga carries instructions
from AgMinaldo, which, he states if ac
ceded to by General Otis, empowers
them to conclude peace. Otherwise they
must return to their capital at Tarlac
for further conference. They will prob
ably ask for autonomy.
Members of the present commission
deny the story that Buencamino and
Arguelles, of the first commission, have
been arrested and the commission dis
solved by General Luna. They insist
that the first commission was never
recognized by Aguinaldo, but was elect
ed by the Filipino Congress, which de
clared in favor of peace on May 6. The
Filipino military power controls the sit
uation, not Congress.
The commissioners say they want
peace. They cannot light the Ameri
cans, who they say are destroying their
country. They express great surprise
at seeing thousands of native non-com
batants behind our lines.
The party was closeted with General
Otis for more than an hour, but the
interview was decidedly unsatisfactory,
the commission having nothing definite
to propose and not being empowered to
negotiate terms.
The communication from Aguinaldo
asked for an armistice pending the de
cision of the Filipino Congress as to
what policy should be adopted. As be
fore. General Otis refused to entertain
the propositions.
The commissioners after leaving the
City Hall accepted an invitation to
visit the Oregon and the other vessels
of the American fleet in the bay, and
they were also granted permission to
see their families before returning.
Major General Otis has declined to
recognize the rebels to the extent of
RUSSIA WILL BE
STUMBLING BLOCK
AT CONFERENCE
Blankly Rejects the Proposition
for Neutrality oif Private
Property at Sea,
THE HAGUE, May 20.— 1t cannot be,
now that the Peace Conference is '
fully organized, that the outlook for sue
as a result of its labors is encourag
ing. There had been an increasing hope j
since the delegates began to arrive early
in the week that substantial benefits to
Ihe human race would accrue from the
Czar's effort to perpetuate the blessings
of peace, but to-day this has given place
lv doubts stronger in certain quarters
than have been freely expressed ever
the rescript was issued.
It is necessary to avoid exaggerating the
Importance of the obstacle encountered,
' but the Anglo-Saxon delegates are seri
ously impressed with its significance.
It consists of Russia's refusal to con
sider such a civilizing amendment to the
of war as a proposal to neutralise
: all private property at sea in time of
war. This refusal is not official, but it
was made by Russia's official representa
tivea in the conference, and it was made
in such uncompromising terms that Eng
land, which proposed the matter, and
America and other nations, which would
be ;, r lad to discuss it. feel it is almost
hopeless to consider much more radical
proposals, which it was supposed the
conference had been summoned to act
upon.
The Russian side of the question is that
England will n fuse to agree to the Ctar's
set;, rue of disarmament, and has come to
the confi rence in the hope of carrying
, this single point, which would enable
'. ■ I Britain to wage war without en
dangering her vast mercantile marine and
liei to concentrate her great naval
power against a weaker enemy. In other
words, the adoption of this proposal
would make British mastery of the seas
impregnable.
This Is probably true, and the Russian
opposition to the English proposal was
inevitable under the existing circuni
stances, bui this great obstacle which has
n before the conference has really
begun Its labors is a discouraging demon
stration of the difficulties in the way.
Russia's action has greatly surprised as
well as disappointed delegates having the
success of the conference at heart. It has
repeatedly declared that Russia has
no scheme to propose and no desire to
take the initiative or influence the scope
or plan of the conference, but when a
practical question arose she acted In a
manner scarcely less than dictatorial,
j The matter came to a crisis as follows:
It wa.l known that the English and Amer- J
lean delegates favored the foregoing pro- ,
;•■ sal for reducing the hardships of naval
warfare. Therefore, when Sir Ju
ilan Pauncefote suggested at yes
terday's ine-ting of the presidents
oi delegations that two commit- i
tees, naval and military, instead of
be appointed upon the laws of war, I
the suggestion was opposed by Russia
and other countries having a small mer
cantile marine.
The reason for the opposition, though
not then declared, was a desire to side
track the British prop,, sal, which would
have bc-en the principal subject for the
naval committee to consider. Later in the
: day the English delegates raised the point
directly in conversation with Russian col- ,
leagues and received the brusque Intima
tion that Russia would refuse even to
consider the subject. Naturally the effect
is that many delegates now do not hesi
tate to say if the initiator of the confer
once takes such an attitude thus' early It
is hardly worth while to take up more
difficult questions.
The revival of the suspicions of Russia's
bona fides is already having important ef
fects. Prominent delegates, Including
American, say Russia should have made
a substantial reduction of armament on
the eve of the conference as an earnest
of sincerity; otherwise it Is unreasonable
to expect that her neighbors should trust
fully accept and adopt her suggestions.
It had been proposed that Sir Julian
Pauncefote or Embassador White be
marie chairman of tho arbitration com- !
mittee, and one or the otTn;r would prob
ably have accepted with the understand
ing that an earnest effort will be made to j
arrive at h practical plan which it is
possible for all nations to adopt. Tester- :
day's rebuff, however, led to the declin
ation ol both gentlemen, and a rtuKstitn
or Hollander will be selected ;is i hnirtuan
! each committee. Professor Martins I
will be chairman of either Ihc diKurtna- I
meiit or arbitration committee.
All of the delegates are now Informed
of the characteristic declaration of the
Kaiser last week iii regard to arbitration
which was cabled yesterday, and a is
making an extraordinary senßHtlon.
There IS also great dissatisfaction at
the Russian attempts to keep secrei the
entire proceedings of the conference. The
protocol, as it is called, is entirely under
Russian control, and to-d;<.Vs statement
furnished to the pr< ss comprised simply
the Czar's and Queen Wilhelmina's re
THE SAN FKANCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
The Filipino Commissioners
sent from Ag-uinaldo have
brought no definite proposals
for peace, the plea being still
for delay, and General Otis
has rejected the overtures
made. Peace in the Philip
pines, therefore, seems as far
off as ever.
agreeing to an armistice, but he has
notified the American commanders to
refrain temporarily from aggressive ac
tion. Thus he is in a position to re-
BUme hostilities at any time. This will
defeat any subterfuges to Rain time,
which would not be the case if the gen
•ml agreed to an armistice. The Fili
pinos are so deceptive that the people
hesitate to credit with good, faith their
last overtures. But more attention is
paid to them than was paid to their
previous advances. The Filipino Com
mission is acting under instructions
from Aguinalfio and the Congress, but
it Is possible that if peace is arranged
Generals Luna and Pio del Pllar and
their followers will continue a guerrilla
warfare.
At Iloilo an attack on the Americans
was recently expected. The Filipino
leader boasted that he had 2000 riflemen
and 10,000 bolo men and had the im
pudence to send an ultimatum to the
American commander, ordering him to
leave the island. As a result many of
the natives left the town, and for sev
eral days the outposts were doubled.
In addition, th*> Yorktown and the Iris
anchored in positions commanding the
mouth of the .Tara River, where the
attack was expected to take place, but
it failed to materialize.
Gable communication between Iloilo
and Bacolor, which has been inter
rupted, has been resumed.
CAMPAIGNS AGAINST
FILIPINOS NOT CHECKED
NEW YORK. May 20.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel
egraphs: Distinct disappointment is
felt in administration circles at the
limited powers under which Aguinal
do's peace commission is acting. Gen
eral Otis' cablegram to-day announced
that Aguinaldn still desired an armis
tice, this time for the purpose of ascer
plies to Thursday 1 ? telegrams, and the
fact that the conference had met and di
vided into committees. Even the text
of President de Staals' platonic speech
upon peace was refused. It is unneces
sary to say the so-called secrets which
are Intrusted to 120 men are no secrets
at all, and Russian restrictions simply
ontail a little delay and extra work for
correspondents. Individual delegates nat
urally feel that they are under no obli
gations not to disclose the proceedings.
It Is argued with considerable force,
however, that committee work should not
be published In detail. All manner of
schemes will lip proposeß, and If there
should bo a world-wide discussion of them
through the press coincident with com
mittee debates and conflicting outside
pressure it would make it impossible for
the committees ever to agree on any
thing. As a matter of fact, each of the
three committees is So large as to com
prise more than a majority of the whole
conference, so that action in committee
is almost equivalent to action by the en
tire body.
The second sitting of the peace confer
ence took place this morning and lasted
thirty-five minutes. The president of the
conference, Baron de Staal. read the re
plies of the Czar and Queen Wilhelmina
to the telegx&ms sent them by the con
ference on Thursday.
The president then addressed the dele-
Rates on the subject of the labors before
them, and it was decided not to publish
the speech.
The proceedings to-day passed off with
out any incident. Only the president
spoke, the others manifesting their ap
probation by slight discreet murmurs.
CONFERENCE OF COAST
STUDENTS OPENED
PACIFIC GROVE, May 20.— The largest
body of students that has ever come to
: getber for a similar gathering assembled
In the Methodist church hero to-day to
formally open the fourth annual session
of the Pacific Coast Students' Conference.
Students from nearly every notable col
i lejfe In the Pacific Coast and Rocky
Mountain States are among the dele
gates, and although all have not yet ar
| rived over 100 men are now present. Di
| rector C. C. Mlchener opened the ses
] sion, after which the first department of
conference work — the missionary insti
\ tute— was opened by J. Rutter Wiliiam-
I son. M. D., of the University of Edin
burgh, who Is this year's international
secretary of the students' volunteer move
ment for work in profession at schools.
i Dr. Williamson talked of the general plan
| for carrying on the missionary work in
; colleges, outlining a subject which he will
take up sereatlm during the lectures of
the next ten days.
The second lecture of the morning, be
ginning the work of tho second depart
ment, was given by H. W. Rose of Ann
Arbor University, who Is a member of the
Students' International Committee and
assistant director of the conference. Mr.
Ilus'- diBCUBS«d the way college associa
tions should carry on the work for new
students. He said this work pays the
largest dividends In the. way of satisfac
tory results of anything done during the
| college year.
At 10:ir> o'clock Tlenry T. McCoy of San
Francisco called the convention to order
to listen to an address by Rev. Dr. H. C.
Minton of the Presbyterian Theological
Seminary at San Anselmo. Dr. Minton
discussed a few of the questions that lie
In the background of the Bible.
A long tramp through Monterey, Del
Monte and the surrounding country side
enabled the students to vent some of their"
superabundant energy during the after
noon and prepare for the closing session
of the day at 7:30 p. m.. which was car
ried on by the delegates in discussing the
i reasons for the present conference.
STANFORD'S MUSICAL
CLUBS HOLD FORTH
I STANFORD UNIVERSITY. May 20.—
I '1 li<« necessity of a new assembly hall was
in;i<«- apparent '.•to-night, when the com
b'.h»'<'l musical' clubs save the commence
mi nt concert. "The doorways were
blocked, standing room was at a pre
mium and students were clinging to the
will. .stone lease outside: of the windows.'
The Ladles' Glee Club opened the. con
cert with "Sounds of the Western
Winds." Frank Branch- RUey, in mono
logue, was cleverer than usual, keeping
the house in a continual uproar. The la
test acquisition to Stanford's musical
world. "The Bughouse Quartet," made its
taining the desire of the Filipinos.
This will be rejected, and General Otis
is believed to have already rejected it.
Unconditional surrender will be re
quired, and General Otis "^rstands
this as well as the officials in Washing
ton. Just what is the object of the
meeting which the Filipino commission
will have with the American commis
sion on Monday is not known by of
ficials. General Otis being apparently
unaware of it, though he states that
"their powers are limited and appar
ently an armistice is a condition prece
dent to negotiations."
It is assumed that the emissaries of
the Insurgent leader desire to consider
with the commission the details of the
government which the United States
proposes to give them, and which the
American commissioners presented to
Colonel Arguelles, the first Filipino
representative to put in an appearance
at Manila. When this meeting is con
cluded, it is presumed, the commission
ers will return to the new capital which
Aguinaldo has established and commu
nicate the results of its conference.
In view of the apparent hopelessness
of definite results from the present
conference, it is the expectation of the
authorities that General Otis will direct
Generals I-awton and Mac Arthur and
Major Kobbe to continue their opera
tions with a view to preventing the in
surgents from obtaining time in which
to reorganize their scattered army. The
authorities have learned well the lesson
that delay gives the Filipinos the idea
that the Americans are beaten, and it is
believed that the quickest way to bring
them to terms is to continue the cam
paigns now in progress.
ATTEMPT TO KILL
GENERAL WHEATON
WASHINGTON, May 20.-A Manila
newspaper, the American, of date April
1»;. received at the War Department to
day, contains a story of an attempt to
assassinate General Wheaton which
seems to have escaped the attention of
the American newspaper correspondents
at Manila or to have attracted the blue
pencil of the censor. This item reads:
"Lust Friday evening Brigadier General
Wheaton. while away from headquarters,
was attacked by one of his native ser
vants, who maw an attempt upon his
life. After attacking him, stones and
other missiles were thrown at hini. The
general was brought to the city last
night for medical attention, and then It
was discovered that he had three broken
ribs. However, he refused to so to tlTe
hospital, and returned to his command
m; hour later."
appearance. It was truly "bughouse." all
the distracting discords ever imagined by
a Chinese orchestra being outdone by this.
combination of funny artists.
Other numbers on the programme were:
"Stars and Stripes." Mandolin Club;
"Aunt Marjorie," Glee Club; "Ragtime
Baby." Mandolin Club; "Hesitate. Mr.
Nigger." Van Kaathoven and Glee Club:
"Andalusia Waltzes." Mandolin Club:
"Cleon Waltzes," Mandolin Club; "Marks
and Remarks," Culver; "Good-night,"
i Hee club.
CHURCH OF ENGLAND
IN GRAVE DANGER
NEW YORK. May 20.— A cable to the
Journal from London says: Dean Farrar
of Canterbury. tht> most popular divine
in the English church, made an extraor-
dinary statement to the Journal cor
respondent yesterday on the critical po
sition of the church of Kngland. lie Bald:
"The English church is passing through
the tire of controversy and dissension,
and a deep division is being produced.
There is no distinct mode of knowing
where we are. 'A house divided' was never
truer in its application that when ap
plied to the Church of Kngland to-day.
"A church in two sections is always
undesirable and productive of harm— a
church with two such extreme parties as
constitute the English church at this mo
ment in its struggle lor life or death. God
only knows whether the church will be
permanently crippled.
"As far as I can see. unless the extreme
party — and by that I mean those who are
practicing a distinctly Romish ritual—re
linquish their practices the Inevitable
end must be disestablishment or disrup
tion.
"The prayer hook is by all conscience
liberal in its srupo, but "when a certain
section follows Rome in worship in all but
recognition of the infallibility of the Pope
there is surely just ground for complaint.
The ritualistic party must be prepared to
make concessions before the English
church can again be united."
INFORMAL HOME RULE
FOR THE EMERALD ISLE
NEW YORK. May 20.-A cable to the
Times from London says: An experiment
of extreme Interest, nothing less than in
formal home rule, is to be tried in Ire
land. It is the outcome of a letter ad
dressed by Kir Thomas Esmonde some
time ago to the chairman of each of the
new Irish County Councils inviting them
to form a national council to consider
• '•oTiomic and practical questions of com
mon importance to all. Each Council will
send three delegates.
Among the subjects to be discussed will
be a poor law, the public health, the
housing- of the poor, agriculture, roads,
railways and linancial relations with
Great Britain.
The Council will, of course, have no of
ficial status or constitutional power, but
if it works soberly and harmoniously its
results cannot fail to carry the greatest
weight, thus constituting a sort of in
formal home rule. It is a wise and patri
otic, step, pregnant with great possibili
ties for Ireland's future.
SLOAN AIDS GRANNAN
TO PAY HIS MARKERS
NEW YORK. May 20.— A Journal cable
from London says: Rlley Grannan sailed
for home on the Lucania to-day. Before
leaving he said to the Journal correspond
ent:
"I've paid every dollar of my obliga
tions here, No man In England can show
against me one unsettled debt."
The English bookies are now ready for
more American plungers. Tod Sloan has
been pigeon shooting at the Beaufort
Club. Jt Is known that he helped FUley
Grannan, who unwisely plunged on his
unsuccessful mounts last week, over the
settling style on Monday to the tune of
.130.000.
WHEELMEN COMPETE.
NEW YORK. May 20.— The National
Cycling Association opened the racing
season to-day with a meet at Ambrose
Park, South Brooklyn. The attendance
was excellent, in spite of the cold wind
that swept across the park. The big race
of the day was the Wild West handicap
of one mile for professionals. It was run
in three heats and four prizes were of
fered. The final prize of $L*oo was won by
W. H. Hicks of Brooklyn. Harry Elkes
being one of those defeated in trie final
round. Summary:
Ambrose dash, professional, half mile— Won
by R. B. Freeman, Portland, Or.; H. D. EClkea
Glens Falls. N. V. : second. F. A. McFarfand!
Baa .lose, Cul., third; Tom Cuoper, Detroit
fourth. Time. I:OSVb.
Wild West handicap, one mile, professional-
Won by W. H. Hirks .Jr.. Brooklyn « 160 yards):
I". A. McFarland, San Jose. Cal. (scratch) Bec
nnd: E. H. Klser, Dayton. Ohio (20 yards)
third; Hardy Downing, San Jose, Cal. (60
3 iinls) and Rob Walthour, Atlanta, Qa. (CO
yards) crossed the line together, making a
double fourth. Time, 2:10 2-5.
One mile exhibition, paced by Henry Four
nler, covered by H. I). F.lkea In 1:37 2-5.
Multicycle Invitation, professional, two miles
—Won by Harry Kikes (380 yards); W. E. Sims
of Washing-ton and A. C. Moran of Washing
ton, tandem (100 yards), second; Harry Cald
well. Oscar Hedstrom. Burns Pierce. W. D.
Furman, Bob Walthour on a quint (scratch),
third. Time.* 3:15.
Special consolation race, half mile — Won by
A. C. Moran of Washington: F. B. Kent. Wal
tham, Mass., second: O. S. Klmball. Louisville,
Ky.. third. Time, 1:12 4-5.
THE PLAN
FOR PEACE
NOT NEW
It Has Been Attempted Be
fore in Europe on Two
Occasions.
NAPOLEON 111 FIRST
Efforts for Disarmament in 1863
and 1870 Met With Decided
Failure.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISM. by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, May 20.— The Czar's disarm
ament proposal is by no means the new
factor in European politics it is popu
larly supposed to be. Something of a
similar nature was on two occasions at
tempted by Napoleon 111. though in
these cases the idea. was not general be
yond the realm of diplomacy. Accord
ing to the Temps, in 1563 Napoleon
thought he bring about perpetual
peace by rearranging the map of Eu
rope in a manner satisfactory to all
nations and all great powers— ltaly,
which had not yet taken Venice or
Rome, excepted. She thought there was
too much to lose by this scheme, and
declined to have anything to do with it.
Another disarmament proposition
was made at the beginning of IS7O, and
In this case the disarmament was to be
of a restricted character. Overtures
were made by Napoleon to the Prussian
Government, through the intermediary
of the British Government, but it may
be said that it was not possible for
Prussia to entertain the idea of dis
! cussing the two efforts of Napoleon 111
i In favor of disarmament.
The Temps s;iys the lesson taught by
the first is that the territorial question
is always a stumbling block, and that
the second system — that of restricted
disarmaments— seems to offer mon pos
| sibilities of success. But, the Temps
j concludes, real progress is only to be
found in extending strong International
arbitration.
SOLDIER JUMPS FROM
TRANSPORT SENATOR
HONOLULU, May 13.— A1l of the vari
ous expeditionary vessels are will on their
way from Honolulu. On Friday, May 5,
the Badger started for Samoa -with 4h<"
International Commission. The cable ship
Nero sailed the next day for the Ladroncs
and the transport Morgan City for Ma
nila. On Tuesday afternoon last the
transports Ohio and Senator sailed with
the Thirteenth Regiment for Manila.
A tragedy was associated with the de
partur.- of thi- Senator. With the pilot
on board the ship was moving up
tii." roadstead, when a soldier slid over
board down the line towing the pilot boat
alongside. Silently he dropped Into the
sea The pilot boatmen reached for the
man in passing, but only one hand
touched and that without gripping- him.
The soldiers thought the man was try
ing to make the shoal on the reef. He
had vowed he would never go to Manila.
and his comrades were not anxious that
he should. The Senator's engines were
reversed life buoys were thrown, but the
soldier was soon out of sight under the
white, aps. Quartermaster George Ruh
len the next day offered a reward of $10
for the recovery of the body. Thus far
the offer has had no result.
David L. Johnson, private of Company
1, was th& name of the drowned soldier
CHALLENGED BY BRITONS
LONDON. May 20.— The American line
steamer Paris, which sails for New York
to-day from Southampton, takes a chal
lenge from Oxford and Cambridge uni
versities to the universities of Yale and
Harvard for an athletic contest to take
place on the ground of the Queen's Club,
London, during the lust week in July. The
prouramme consists of the following
events: 100-yard dash. 120-yard hurdle,
quarter-mile run. half-mile run, three
mile run. hammer throwing, high jump,
long jump.
Bank Stock in Demand.
HONOI.ri.r. May 13.— The subscnp-
tions of the 1300,000 stock of the American
Hank of Hawaii, reserved for the local
public, far exceeded the amount. A pro
rata allotment will lie made after the re
turn <>f Colonel George W. Maefarhme
from San Francisco. He leaves here to
night on the Gaelic.
ADVERTISEMEU TS.
CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
A Pleasant. Simp'e but Snfi and ES-
feetu I Cure lo? It.
Catarrh of the stomach has long been
considered the next thing to incurable.
The usual symptoms are a full or bloat-
ing sensation after eating, accompanied
with sour or watery iisings, a formation
of gases causing a pressure on the heart
and lungs, and difficult breathing; head-
aches, fickle appetite, nervousness and a'
generally played out, ianguid feeling.
There is often a foul taste in the mouth,
coated tongue, and if the interior of the
stomach could be seen it would show a
slimy, inflamed condition.
The cure for this common and obstinate
trouble is found in a treatment which
causes the food to be readily, thoroughly
digested before it has time to ferment
and irritate the delicate mucous surface
of the stomach. To secure prompt and
healthy digestion is the one necessary
thing to do and when normal digestion
is secured the catarrhal condition will
have disappeared.
According to Dr. Harlanson the safest
and best treatment Is to use after each
meal a tablet composed of Diastase,
Aseptic, Pepsin, a little Nux, Golden Seal
and fruit acids. These tablets can now
be found at all drug stores under the
name of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets and
not belnp; a patent medicine can be used
with perfect safety and assurance that
healthy appetite will follow their regular
use after meals.
Mr. N. J. Booher, of 27.10 Dearborn St.,
Chicago, 111., says: "Catarrh is a local
condition resulting from a neglected cold
In the head, whereby the lining membrane
of the nose becomes inflamed and the poi-
sonous discharge therefrom passing back-
ward into the throat reaches the stomach,
thus producing catarrh of the stomach.
Medical authorities prescribed for me for
three years for catarrh of the stomach
without cure, but to-day I am the hap-
piest of men after using only one box of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. I cannot find
appropriate words to express my good
feeling. I have flesh, appetite and sound
rest from their use."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the safest
as well as the simplest and most conven-
ient remedy for any form of indigestion,
catarrh of the stomach, biliousness, sour
stomach, heartburn and bloating after
meals.
Send for little book, mailed free, on
stomach troubles, by addressing F. A.
Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich. The tablets
can be found at all drug stores.
LASH LAID
ON BACKS OF
PRISONERS
Culprits Severely Whipped
in the Presence of a
Big Crowd.
FIFTEEN GET FLOGGED
Sheriff Taylor Wields the Cat-of-
Nine-Tails in a Delaware
Jail Yard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 20.— A Wilmington,
Del., special to the Herald says: Fif
teen culprits were publicly whipped in
the New Castle jail yard to-day with
cat-o'-nine-tails. Fully 100 spectators,
some interested in the study of crimin
ology, watched the men squirm and
wriggle through the ordeal. In the
gathering were numerous women, who
gazed without a tremor at the unfortu
nate men whose backs were being
honeycombed with bright red welts as
the rawhido struck the bare skin.
Sheriff Taylor wielded the "cat," and
the number flogged is the greatest in
any one day of recent years. It took ex
actly twenty-eigv minutes to chastise
the men, and then they were conduct
ed back to their cells to serve sen
tences for petty larceny and other tri
vial offenses. Hilton's • companion,
Henry Harding, dreaded the whipping.
"Lightly. Sheriff," he pleaded, and he
was secured to a post. He squirmed
and twisted and stood sideways as
twenty blows were laid on. He seemed
to be tortured, although his punish
ment was light. John Green, who re
ceived fifteen lashes, grinned and
winked at the spectators during his
chastisement, but Harry Hall was so
nervous when his twenty strokes were
finished that he could hardly walk from
the post. Wesley Brown twisted about
the whipping post like a snake to evade
the stinging rawhide, but he was un
successful.
The buck of each man was crossed
with streaks and raised welts after he
had been whipped. But no blood was
drawn. All seemed to dread the dis
grace of being whipped in public. It is
noteworthy that none of the prisoners
lloggpd to-day had ever before huereed
the whipping post. Among the SDeeta
| tors were prison officials from Phila
delphia and from ponal institutions
throughout Pennsylvania. They fol
lowed every movement of the Sheriff,
and were impressed with the demeanor
of thf culprits after being released
from the whipping post.
Ashore at the Manacles.
FAL.MOUTH, May 21. -The American
lino steamer Paris. Captain Watkins,
from Southampton May 2^ via Cherbourg
for New York. Is ashore at the Manacles,
off the south ooa.st of Cornwall, England".
1 II Four Features •
m our business are of import- mSSSfflk
ance to y° u ~"^ or naturally you ■j^^B^^
K3KZBNSNnu want t0 save a " y° u can on I IH
WjS^^BttM We make all our clothing, and |^^^^
e&e&MT r ' ght ere ' s a b '^ <savin s r 1b
PjPyaß you — it saves the clothes from |B|lBp9
passing through a number of nH
■l^ris' dealers' hands, all who would, iHsif
K&&!8JB of course, make a profit. By '"'WI
jplflsH making the clothes ourselves _:,
aB Tz£ we know exactly what is in > J;
figj ||2 them. We see to it that the : !
WS W&L proper material is used and that Jfjjlf
tgj js<|j^. they are well made, for we have *ls**iM
v a reputation to protect. "
Selling in large quantities enables us to sell at a
smaller margin of. profit. You get value for your money
here. We ure in business to succeed— success comes from
pleasing people — we are going to do it — in fact we do do it.
We continually .tell you, and we mean every word
of it :
Money returned if you want it.
It makes no difference what you buy here, if you say
you want your money returned you can have it.
We give you future protection:
Suit kept in repair free for one year.
With these four features we bid for your patronage.
Why not try us ? Begin if you want with a low-priced suit.
ffifflk We are selling men's all-wool JI9W
ragS ready-made suits for Iffljjf
j||| eight dollars. m
mn |h They bear our guarantee. h^fff:
Hm H You are sure of either of two wmKB
iSpsßßwl things: Satisfaction or your iSOIM
1 money back — if you are not too Mall
B^mf bashful to ask for it. Krai
I S.N. W00D~& CO. 11
718 Market Street. Jw
.^Sg Country orders filled. Write us. . -&
ONE BLANTHER
FROM POISON
Suicide of Etta Crawford,
Who Was the Wife of
the Murderer.
CONFESSION FORGED
Before Her Death the Woman De
clared That Her Husband Did
Not Kill Minnie Williams.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., May 20.— Ettle
Crawford, an inmate of a disreputable
house, committed suicide here to-day
by swallowing carbolic acid. This
woman was the wife of Blanther, who,
it was claimed by Theodore Durrant's
attorneys, wrote a confession of the
murder of Minnie Williams in San
Francisco several years ago. Blanther
committed suicide while in jail at
Meridian, Tex., and a strong effort was
made to save Durrant on the strength
of his alleged confession. His wife
finally drifted to this city. Before her
death she declared with emphasis that
the alleged confession of her husband
was a forgery.
Blanther, when the story of his life
comes to be written, had two wives, and
which one this is is not made clear.
Blanther's career was a remarkable one.
Born In lSr>9 at Radkersburg, in Styruer.
Lower Austria, he gTew up an honored
man and a soldier of distinction. In turn
he served as an officer under Archduke.
Ludwtg Victor arid in the Thirty-second
Austrian Infantry. He was decorated for
gallant services with the war medal.
Knight of the Italian Crown, order of the
third class and order of the iron crown.
He deserted from the Eighty-fifth Hun
garian Infantry in ISSS and went to Slam.
He came to the United States in the same
year and entered the employ of Rand,
McNally & Co. of Chicago. At that time
he passed as a married man. In 1890,
after failing in business, he went to Can
ada, and later was heard from in Arkan
sas, where he had married, under the
name of Arthur Forbes. Miss Agnes Cam
eron. Under that name ho started In
business in Atlanta. Ga., where he de
serted his wife in IS%, coming to San
Francisco.
Blanther's murder of Mrs. Philopena
Langfeldt in this city on May 5. IS%, his
flight and subsequent arrest and sulcido
In Texas are well known. Before he took
his life he was reported to have made a
confession of the murder of Minnie Wil
liams, for which crime Theodore Durrant
paid the penalty on the gallows.
Wahiawa Stock to Be Floated.
HONOLULU, May 13.— Wahiawa, on
Kauai, will probably be the next flotation
for sugar. It consists of the extensive
cattle ranch lands of the Mcßryde es
tate, and the probability at this time is
that the established Kleele plantation,
having the s<-a front and landing, will
be bought of Mr. Drier, the owner, by the
promoters.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
34
FRUIT GROWERS
DISCUSS PLANS
FOR A COMBINE
Favor the Formation of a
Northern California
Exchange.
NEWCASTLE. May 2<\— The fruit
jrowi :- of this cHsirict hau' a mas
this afternoon. c. T. Adams was
: . .i. F. McFadden
:>t business of the meoung was
the reading of a paper by G. Ceraldson,
in which !:■ ; taking immediate
■ growers with
. ■ : $100,0 "'.""'l pi put mi their
arol all
ihtpment of fruit. This was not favored
wers, and a resolution intro
luced by Geraldson was voted down. A
te recommending the forming of
xchange or a better combination
it gr iw» rs, 11 decid< il
it the meeting to be held at Sacramento
tit xt Tui day, wa
Mr Geraldson's argument was to the
.t his combine or trust w:is un-
i >< M' r t rust objected I o by Ihe
turning
over their property to the trust in ex
tor stock, retaining only enough
tor a home. The general Idea of the
growers present was to establish an or
ganization similar to the Southern Cali
fornia Fruit i
F. C. Miles of Penryn thought that if
She proposed organization were put
through the growers could control the
mark- I and keep the business In their
Dwn hands.
\v K. Fountain, who is said to be omi
aected with one of the local frull shipping
• pI fa\ or th< s >uthern Cali
fornia Fruil marked
that if i existed .My was
i commission men.
was considerable further
lion, nnd tho erowers adjourned with the
TIGHTS WORN AT
A CHURCH FAIR
Actresses Scandalize a
Congregation.
Special Dispatch to Th<> Call.
SAUSALITO, May 20.— Two little ac
. arrayed In fleshlings that set
off their figures to the best advantage
have sue ided In creating a
[n local church circles that
seems to grow Bweeter in the mouth of
Dame Grundy with the lapse of time.
For a time the tale was smothered, but
lla have finally leaked out. to
the t- n embarrasßment of a pillar of
C □ _ ttional church, who
has since been placed In the role of
black sheep, though entirely innocent
of any Intentional wrong doing.
A few evenings ago a Congregational
church fair was held at what is known
Exposition grounds in the north
ern part "1" town in order to assist in
the salary of the pastor. Wil
laetz Johansen, reg irded as one of the
Pillars of the church, who is employed
In a large metropolitan dry R >oda
house took a keen Interest in the af
fair and inform* of Ms col
tablishment where he
I thai he would like to en
lent for th casion. A tew of
young gentlemen thought it
would be a good scheme to "put up a
their pious friend, and. telling
him they would render what aid th«sy
... ,! the services of two
young ladies who could be depended
upon t<> create a sensation when the
time arrived.
Mr. Johansen was informed in a few
days that Miss Patterson and Miss
Akranius, together with one J. E. Barr,
would furnish some "Irish specialties"
at the fair, and the delighted church
member was instrumental in having
Lture of the programme given a
-,t placet m the circulars issued.
ion he took the three i
iis to his residence on the evening of
lertainmeni and escorted them
to the • grounds.
ything weni smoothly until the
"Irish specialty" pari of the programme
: h-'d, when Barrett and his two
•■ ■ ■;,.-■ march* d out and
did a cake walk. The ladies wore ar
.l "tights" ami execute*! some
fancy dancing on ihe side that wo aid
have been heartily applauded a;, a vau
deville entertainm< tit. With freezing
In the direction of Johansen,
face was the color of a boiled
present sedately
• •■I from the hall.
: 1 only had a bouquet, I would
throw it on the stage." facetiously re
marked a young gentleman present as
!>■ departed with his sweetheart.
"And if i bad a brick 1 would do the
thing," answered the mortified
damsel.
a strenuous effort was made to k^cp
tli" affair from reaching the general
and Mr. Johansen has- been kept
busy making explanations for a week.
It \t asserted thai his colleagues found
y entirely too good for a limited
circle.
High School Athletics.
i-.r.-\M i.\. .May zu. — me bojano county
Athletic League held its first
Beld day here this afternoon. The follow
ing Bchoola v . nted: Suisun, Va
|o and Benicla. There was a
fri.ill tills* ..vAnintr
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN CASES.
Of r" rfect and reliable purity, uncqualed for
cinal and tabl*> use. and guaran-
teed by shippers.
CHARLEF M7~IXKCKE & CO..
Eoie Agenta, Sl4 Bucramento Btreft, S. F.
iinderstandir.gr that it was trip sense oi
the nu-ctiiii-' that a Btrong organization or
the fruit-growers of Northern California
be formed.
SANTA ROSA, May 20.— At a meet
ing of fruit growers here this afternoon
Jonathan Roberts was elected delegate
to the Fruit Growers' convention at
Sacramento, when growers will discuss
the proposed refrigerator car trust.
Winemakers Name Delegates.
SAN JOSE, May 20.— A meeting of the
winemakers of the county was held here
to-day to consider the matter of reor
ganizing the California Winemakers' Cor
poration, contracts in which had expired
by limitation. Jt was the wish of the
.::f,' that the corporation be reorgan
ized on sum.' satisfactory basis, and the
following were appointed delegates to a
■ ntion shortly to be held in San Fran
take action in th>' matter: John
r, Jose] h Williams. U. I. P
\V. B. Ftankin, I. \v. Barstow and P.
Kst r;i<la
Walnut Growers Meet.
SANTA HAKBAKA. May 2<).— The Santa
Barbara County Walnut Growers' Asso
i lation in session here to-day elected Cap
tain D. F. Smith. A. 1... James. Jasper
Lane. Benjamin Baiiard and Frank I.
Kellogg a board of directors. The reports
::;.<■:• indicate a fair avi rage crop for the
season 6. F. Smith and Frank I. Kel
! . w< re. elected delegates to the Walnut
Qrowers' Association's meeting to be held
;.: Los Angeles on June ti. when, it is
hoped, all county organizations will be
■ d In one co-operative concern for
the purrese of maintaining nrlees.
OH, BELLE HOWARD
LANDED IN JAIL
Captured After a Long
Chase.
Special Dispatch to The Cali.
TACOMA, May 20.— Sheriff Van de
Vanter of King County last night
placed in jail Dr. Belle Howard and '
George Howard, her husband, wanted
at Peoria, 111. where indictments ;ire !
out against them as principal and ac- !
cessory in the murder of Miss Ilush
retta Binkley, a beautiful young woman
of prominent family, by means of a
criminal operation. Another indict- j
ment is out against the woman for a '
criminal operation on Blanch*; Barn
hart.
The doctor disappeared from Peoria j
in April, 1898, Immediately after the
; death of Miss Binkley, and detectives '
| all over the country have been looking
for her. Five hundred dollars reward
was offered for her apprehension.
Sheriff Van de Vanter, after some
correspondence with Sheriff J. W. Kin- j
sey of Peoria, became convinced that :
the woman was in Tacoma or Seattle \
and began looking for her. One clew
after another failed, until a woman an- j
Bwering Mrs. Howard's description was •
taken into custody in Tacoma early :
this week. This woman was Mrs. Mar
shall, who soon convinced the officers
that she was not Dr. Howard.
This defeat was discouraging, but
failure was suddenly turned into sue- !
cess by a revelation on Mrs. Marshall's
part that *he knew Mrs. Howard well.
Mrs. Marshall was watched until she
boarded a steamer here .for Olympia.
It was then learned that Mrs. Marsn ill
had recently purchased a small farm j
two miles from Olympia, presumably
for the Howards.
Sheriff Van de Vanter engaged the
fastest team in Tacoma and made a
terrific race across country to Olympia
in order to reach there before the
steamer bearing Mrs. Marshal!. He won
the race by a few minutes and took
Dr. Howard into custody.
Mr. Howard had learned that the
Sheriff was looking for him and fled,
but was caught, at Bucoda by Deputy
Sheriff Wilson as he was trying to es
cape on a freight train. Howard de
clares he knows nothing of the Bink
| ley case. He says he was tried for com
plicity in the Barnhart case, but the
j jury disagreed and he was let go on
I $1000 bonds. That was nine months ago,
since which time he has been traveling
about the country, coming here two
■ks ago.
Dr. Howard is an intelligent woman
of 50 years. Her former husband. Mr.
Shotwell, di£d some years ago and she
married George Howard, a prominent
business man of Peoria.
In January, 1808, Blanche Barnhart, a
young woman of good social standing,
was the central figure in a Peoria scan
dal in which it was charged Dr. Howard
( had performed a criminal operation. On
! April 3 the second cloud came up when
Miss Binkley died, and Dr. Howard
j fled. Her husband remained, stood trial
on the Barnhart case and then de
parted. Both have since been searched
for In St. Louis, Minneapolis and many
other cities.
Governor Tanner of Illinois wired to
day that he has dispatched an officer
with extradition papers for Tacoma.
Dr. and Mrs. Howard admit their iden
tity and offer to return without requisi
tion papers. Where Sheriff Van de Van
ter has jailed them is unknown, his ob
ject being apparently to prevent any
attempt to Institute habeas corpus pro
| ceedings.
FOUR MEN LOSE LIVES
IN A ROSSLAND MINE
ROSSLAND. B. C. May 20. -Four men
loft their lives by a shocking accident
In the AVar Eagle mine to-day. Michael
Cook, W. F. Schofleld. A. Honeyford,
.Tamrs (i. Palmer and Thomas A. Neville
entered the skip at the L'so-foot level. The
engineer started th<- machinery, but the
bolt of the startinK lever dropped •nut.
The engineer was thrown on his back and
! the hoist dashed 350 feet to the foot of the
shaft.
Honeyford, Palmer and Neville were in
stantly killed and their bodies crushed
almost beyond recognition. Cook and
SchoHeld were taken out alive, but the
latter died soon after hfs arrival at the
hospital. Cook was only slightly Injured
anil will be about in a day or two.
The dead miners were among the pick
of the mine. Schotield was from Oakvllle
and an Upper Canada college boy. Pal
mer and Neville came here from New
Hrunswick. Inspector McGregor is on
his way here and a thorough investigation
will be held.
Land Company Loses.
SAX RAFAEL. May 80.— Judge Rodden
decided the suit of Kate G. Record
against the American Land and Trust
Company, of which C W. Wright is pres
ident, in favor of the plaintiff to-day.
Mrs. Record Is awarded $50 damages arid
toe costs of suit.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
GENERAL AMES
SCORES SHAFTER
Says He Remained on
Shipboard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, May 20.— Brigadier General
Adelbert Ames said to-day:
"General Shafter'.s commendation of
the conduct of his army under fire is
a little unkind to his generals, while
on the other hand he is the target for
the harshest criticisms and insinua
tions. It appears by the official records
and other writings, made too prominent
to escape notice, that he was on board
his ship on the 24th, when the battle of
Las Guasimas was fought, that he re
mained there till the 30th, six days
later, and only assumed command on
Bhore on July 1, the day of the last
battle.
"In explanation of his tenacity in
holding to his ship he says: "If a storm
bad come up all would have been gone.'
He falls to make any statement by
which one can understand just what he
meant by such 'goneness.' It has been
Bald, sturm or no storm, his place was
en shore with his army. It also ap
pears by official reports that during the
fighting of the last- day he kept to his
tent, three miles from El Caney and
two and a half miles from Fort San
Juan hill. Officers of the force which
carried the hill have stated to me that
Santiago could have been captured that
first day of July had our forces fol
lowed sharply under efficient leader
ship the Seeing and demoralized Span
iards. Two and a half miles in the rear
of the fighting line is too far away for
efficient 'leadership in such a country
and with so small a force. That he
was informed of the position of our
lines is made evident by his report that
he climbed El Poso hill and saw our
tine a mile and a half away on Fort
San Juan hill. That night he held a
council of war to consider the with
drawal of our forces from the position
they had captured and occupied during
the day.
"The round-robin was not initiated
by the officers who signed it. It came
Into existence at the request of the
nanuing general. So far as the
signers were concerned they exported
and intended that their action would
tx enveloped in the same secrecy which
properly belongs to such a council.
They thought this paper would pass to
their superior and from him to Wash
ington in the usual way. It was not
for them to give publicity to it."
HAWAIIAN ATTORNEY
GENERAL ACCUSED
Cooper May Be Cited to Show Cause
Why He Should Not Be Dis
barred.
HONOLULU, May 13.— A. S. Humph
reys, attorney, intends to cite Attorney
ral Cooper before the bupreme Court
for malversation of office and to show
causi why he should not bo disbarred.
In a case before the Police Court M. AVe
bcr, who is employed as an assistant in
the Attorney General's office, announced
his appearance ior the defense Mr
Humphreys was of counsel assisting the
prosecution and protested against- an at
tache of the Attorney General's office ap
pearing to defend a person for crime
Thereupon Mr. Cooper intimated that if
Mr. Humphreys persisted in his objection
he would n< t be allowed to appear "assist
ing the prosecution.
®+®*®*®+® + ®+® + ®*®>®>®>®+o+®>®+®+® + ®+® + ®+®+®^
® CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASE— FREE. CALL OR WRITE. ®
® ■jiuejg.Mßiwiii ®
|/ ...WASTiNGDISEASES... \j
> §M General Weakness, • . IKa ©
® WjR - * Impaired Digestion, H @
T j \. Constipation, BH •>■
| V f?^ Biliousness, ' IH ®
| 0 uM Palpitation ot Heart, . ISM t.
, ± Bl Nervousness, *a ♦
- Headaches, HB ®
Ega Lack oJ Energy, j^9 +
M-3\ Slecp'essness, . . /MB ♦
® V^\ Tendency to Faint, I arm ®
t iif&\ Painful or Irregular Menstruation, /«$§ ♦
® Dragging or Bearing- Down Pains, l^m ♦
♦ Pale or Sallow Complexions, • iBiM ®
wik\ Emaciation, /iftar *
•® I^\ Tired and Worn-Out Feeling, /MiSf ©
I \ ....FIFTY CENTS.... M %
®
® WASTING DISEASES ARE THOSE ORGANIC AND FUNCTIONAL DISEASES THAT ROB ONE OF ®
♦ BODILY STRENGTH AND ENERGY, THAT REDUCE ONE IN FLESH AND NERVE FORCE, THAT +
© PRODUCE PALE AND WAN COMPLEXIONS, THAT IMPAIR ONE'S MIND. AMONG THE MORE COM- ®
± MON OF WASTING .DISEASES ; ARE THOSE THAT RELATE TO DIGESTION AND ASSIMILATION, >
' NERVOUS DISORDERS. AND THOSE DISEASES THAT ARE PECULIAR TO WOMEN: . ®
A SINCE HUDYAN IS A RECONSTRUCTOR OF BODY TISSUE AND ACTS UPON EVERY NERVE X
V AND FIBER IN THE HUMAN ORGANISM, IT IS A CAPITAL REMEDY IN THE TREATMENT OF ®
T. SUCH DISEASES. DYSPEPSIA, BILIOUSNESS. NERVOUS EXHAUSTION OR WEAKNESS, AND FE- ♦
i? MALE WEAKNESS ARE PROMPTLY RELIEVED and cured BY HUDYAN. HUDYAN CURES all ®.
Z WASTING DISEASES WITH CERTAINTY. . _ X
1 HUDYAN WILL RESTORE STRENGTH RAPIDLY AND UNINTERRUPTEDLY. LADIES IN ' DELI- -i.
® CATE HEALTH OR WHO ARE FEEBLE WILL FIND THAT HUDYAN WILL RESTORE THEM TO ®
♦ PERFECT HEALTH. = HUDYAN POSSESSES REMEDIAL VIRTUES THAT ARE PECULIAR TO ITSELF. X
| ..HUDYAN CURED.. ..HUDYAN CURED.. ..HUDYAN CURED %
® ".MRS. WM. BONNER. JOHN O'BRIEN. ■;} MISS AMY NEWCI MB "" ®
♦ WACO. Texas. FORT IIEADE, S. D. SPRINGFIELD Til 4-
W Dear Doctors: I owe you more than I Dear Sirs: lam again a well and hearty Dear Doctors: I used to suffer with « W)
4- can ever repay, for your valuable Hudyan man, and this cood health I owe to Hud- vere headaches and was very nervous nil a iT I I
(i) has restored me to perfect health. I suf- yan. Hudyan cured me of Dyspepsia and to Indigestion and Constipation Mv a? r f "*"
X fcred for many years with Female. Com- Heart complication. 1 was greatly run was poor, and I became thin imlp mi , ! c ©
A plaint and Nervous Dyspepsia. I was so down and weak, and thought that I could Hudyan relieved me within two di« ■ ,'i ii +'
■» weak that I could not do my. own house- never survive my troubles. I can assure was but a short time until every ,v m n.!» ; (J)
♦ work. Hudyan cured me. and but for the you that Hudyan Is the greatest reme.ly my disorder had passed Iwav ?h ,T JL
® memory of it 1 wuuld not know that I had on earth. lam thankful for mv recovery. friend who is takinir imlvl L•. , ha V ye a *♦"
4. ever been sick. MRS. WM. RONNER. JNO. O'BRIEN. 5 I *"^!^^ l^^^- ®
© HUDYAN CURES ALL DISEASES OF THE BLOOD AND NERVES. NERVOUSNESS WEAKNESS I^VHATKTpn wvni^a &
£ VITALITY. RHEUMATISM. SCIATICA. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA. PARALYSIS SLEEPLFSSNTSS HFAli\rHI >nvn^ v X
® MENTAL DEPRESSION. HYSTERIA. NKTRALC.IA, PAINS IN SIDE AND BACK EPU^FrTIC FITS l'u PirW OV m^S?^^* X
+ ¥E^^K^§ A Colfv D^f^' MENTAL WORRY ' EARLY DECAY. CONS^PA^N? '^SSSSf^&SSiSi ®
© HUDYAN la for sale by druggists— soc a package or six packages for $2 50. ' llP'Slt.' ®
X If your druggist does not keep Hudyan, send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY. CO., Cor Stockton Till, nnH M»rk« « f <, c™ X
© Francisco. Cal. YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OF CHARGE CALL OR WRITE ®
® -f ®-f® -f ® ® >®Xs>f®>f®Xs) -f®-t-®-f® ♦®-f®-f ® -f ® >®^®>®^f®-f®^®^®4®4<^®>.®4.®>.®4.(S>fo4.(?>f^
PUTTMAN NOT HIS
INTIMATE FRIEND
f\be Majors Denies the Story
Told by the Folsom (\s
sassir).
# SALT LAKE, May 20.— The Deseret Newsprints an interview to-day
S3 with the man who is under sentence of death at BrigMm City, Utah,
S having been convicted of the killing of Police Captain Brown of Ogden.
o' The man was convicted and sentenced under the name of James Mor
*B gan, but says his name is Majors. He denies having shot Brown and
<£' said he would not have been convicted on a fair trial. He admits know
a ing Puttman, who killed Showers in the Folsom prison in California, but
♦a says he knew him only by sight, and denies that Puttman is his inti
g? mate friend. Majors expressed a desire to see his mother and safd she
£( .was prostrated by grief.
O»8O!iO:?*O !2052 © SS © £ O SsO!JO BSmBB3&3S2SBS3KSB»BS $ Si « 820!* &S*£!*O
GERMAN BILLS
TO BE PASSED
Only Minor Measures on
the List.
Copyrighted, 1899, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, May 20.— The Reichstag has
adjourned for the holidays and will re
assemble on June 6, when it is the in
tention to pass the following bills: In
valid insurance for postal employes,
which will abolish a score of private
postal institutions; the Gerverbe-Ord
nung law, regulating the number of
trades, and an additional appropriation
bill. The leaders of the different parties
have agreed to pass these measures and
leave the judiciary and other bills, in
cluding the meat inspection, until the
autumn.
It has decided to divide the persons
entitled to invalid insurance into five
classes, at from 350 to 1150 marks an
nually.
The rejection of the Midland canal
bill by the committee is much com
mented upon In the press. From inside
information the correspondent of the
Associated Press learns that this does
not mean the defeat of the bill. In a
plenary session of the Diet Kmperor
"William intends to use his personal in
fluence to secure the support of the
entire Left and Center party of the
Reichspartie and some of the Conserv
atives, whose votes would give the bill
a clear majority. The Government is
determined that the measure, which is
! the result of twenty years" deliberation,
shall not wait, it being claimed that
such a canal scheme is imperatively
needed, in view of the fact that the
State railroads are about to come to an
end of their carrying capacity. The
Conservative plan of constructing a
■ system of subsidiary railroads will not
jbe adopted. The main reason that the
Government, and particularly- the Em
peror, so strongly favors the canal pro
ject is that in case of war with France
or Russia, or both, a network of canals
from the eastern to the western fron
tier of Prussia would afford the best
Bystern for the conveyance of field hos
pitals and supplies for the ordnance de
partment.
I The agricultural depression was
heatedly discussed in the Diet this
week, and much interesting matter was
brought to light. The lack of rural
labor for the large estates in the east
ern provinces was thoroughly venti
lated. Baron yon Wanheim, president
of the Federation of Husbandry, said
that unless a radical change was
wrought more than half the holders of
their estates would be ruined within
five years as it was impossible to ob
tain the necessary number of hands in
harvest time, ■ even at higher wages
than formerly. The influx of Polish
and Russian laborers during the har
vest is wholly insufficient and for na
tional and race reasons is not favored
by the Government. The latter an
nounced that li), 000,000 marks would be
spent in settling small owners in the
districts most affected.
The press and the Government are
much interested in the so-called anti
jingo movement started by German-
Americans in the United States. Fred
erick Holls, secretary of the United
States delegation at the peace confer
ence at The Hague, while here
thoroughly informed the Minister of
Foeign Affairs, Baron yon Bulow, and
the Foreign Office officials as to the ex
tent and purport of the movement. He
carried assurances from Washington
that so far as the movement meant the
preservation of good intimate relations
between the two countries, the ad
ministration is thoroughly in accord
with it.
The German press freely comments
with satisfaction on the fact that Ger
man-Americans have exerted them
i selves toward the re-establishment of
.the former pleasant international rela
tions.
The J. D. Peters in Service.
STOCKTON. May 20.— The J. D. Peters
left to-night for San Francisco. The
Peters will hardly be recognized as the
boat which sank off Angel Island four
months ago. Everything in the way of
machinery is new, from the boilers up.
The staterooms and cabins are refill*
nished and the painters were given a lib
eral opportunity to show what they could
do. The Peters is one of the best boats
belonging to the California .Navigation
Company, and will at once resume her
old run. The steamer was billed to leave
the local dock last evening, but some un
expected work in the engine-room held
her over for twenty-four hours.
Lyon Succeeds Morrison.
| SAN JOSE, May 20.— Ernest P. Lion was
to-day appointed Police and Fire Com
missioner by Mayor Martin, to fill the
vacancy caused by the resignation of
Thomas F. Morrison. Mr. Lion is a mem
ber or" the L. Lions & Sons Company,
carpet dealers. He Is popular among the
young business men, and the appointment
gives satisfaction. Morrison tendered his
resignation because he now fills the office
of County Auditor.
Monday's offerings are of great merit.
Come and see them. If you do you will
find many a TRUE BARGAIN GEM you
would regret to have missed,
A Great Great Reduction in
SILK OFFERING. SILK WAISTS,
Over -4000 yards of choice new silks; The best Silk Waist values ever
goods that sell on sight and require no geen - n lhig cjty We will demon-
rmprisin g C "™^ch d bii O ck K.^unbre^: strate this fact by offering: you your
able Figure.l Taffetas (12 new, designs), choice of 150 elegant Silk Waists in
new cable cord striped Taffetas in all the beautiful new colors, this season's
pretty spring colorings (the correct silk } 32 t 42 th t sold but a
for waists) and fancy striped and checked Btyiea, &i/n-s «- l " , . „ „
Taffetas excellent quality, that have been few days ago at ?9.50, ?!>.oU ana ?7.00.
selling at $1 25, $1 and 90c. Your choice at Your choice at
UU a yard $%J each
AN IMMENSE DRIVE A SPLENDID PURCHASE IN
puii nRFN'^Hn^F RIBBONSi
II |1 i . Uni-ll U nUUL w « avp closed out at a great discount
w■ ■ " ■■•■* ■■■■■■ an lrnporte r's stock consisting of 3350 pieces
of all-Silk, extra quality Moire and plain
This chance is not to be had every day. Taffeta Ribbons in all desirable new col-
so come early and don't miss them; a great orings which enables us to offer; beginning
saving in store for you. to-morrow: No. 40. Vh inches wide, plain
_ ■ ' 2000 pieces No. 40, 34 inches wide, plain
300 dozen children's Imported Tan Cot- Taffeta, satin edge, and No. 22 Moire
ton Ribbed Hose, double heels and toes. Taffeta; regular price 20c. Your choice at
made of superior quality Maco yarn, sizf-s £jj i3B$V A |^l
5 to 9; regular 25c quality. While they S| WJB SB"
I£|b I 2 a yard
H Si t\ nnir 13.'0 pieces No. 60. 4 inches wide: regu-
IXIJw A Lid 1 1 lar prlce 30c; your choice _ at. *^Oc
Extra Good Items in Bargains in
WASH FABRICS. DRESS GOODS.
New lot 36-inch Percales, in all the new 52-inch French AIl-Wool Amazon Cloth,
colorings not shown before, in dark and already shrunk, high luster finish, In
medium stripes, best quality, ji)!/-. new shades of purple, tan, castor, brown.
Price Yard l-A'-iV garnet, green and navy, an extra fine
quality; worth $2 a yard* Spe-<l*r»-25
200 pieces Cotton Covert Suitings, in blues. cial at A SuitOO
tans, browns, grays and nl |n^ •"It* the 42 _ incn genuine English Creponnes, in rich
correct material for outing I Q1 >c Mohair figures, very lustrous, choice de-
skirts. Price Yard»-*«>sw signs, extra good quality: worth C 1 .DO
60 pieces genuine French White Organdies, *1 50 - Special at A Yard tj> I— -
-68 inches wide, nice sheer quality; regu- *■* _ __ «x ■=•*=►
lar price 50c. While it lasts. QC^, CLOVtSi
Yard 100 dozen 2-clasp Pique Walking Gloves,
50 pieces heavily corded White Pique, ex- in white, black, brown, navy, green, tan,
tra quality; medium and narrow welts; ox blood and mode; regular val- <£«.OO
regular value 30c. Price OA r ue « 23. Special at A Pair «J> I
Yard -ApW (Every pair fitted and guaranteed.)
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEiVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
LESSONS FROM
FIGHTS AT SEA
Views of Noted Officers
on Recent War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters. Wellington Hotel,
Washington, May 20.
Much curiosity has naturally been man
ifested by naval men in this country as
to the manner in which Brassey's Annual
would treat the Spanish-American war,
and the volume, copies of which have
just reached here, is not disappointing in
this respect, as Colonel Sir George Clarke
has a chapter of fifty-two pages and sev
eral maps reviewing it. The whole story
is practically a condensation of official re
ports, with comments giving due credit
without fulsome praise, and closing with
deductions and lessons drawn from re
sults. Of the battle of Manila the re
viewer says:
"The absolute failure of the Spanish
coast batteries at Cavite, as elsewhere
during the war, is amply explained by
the want of training of the gunners, com
bined with technical deficiencies of every
kind. While the action in Manila Bay
was thus a foregone conclusion, convey
ing only lessons of an obvious character,
Commodore Dewey's proceedings on May
1 merit the highest commendation."
Of the running fight off Santiago on
July 3 Sir George Clarke says: "During
this part of the action the most signifi
cant feature ia the eagerness of all the
American captains to press on so long
as any Spanish ships remained undis
abled. Thus the performance of the Ore
gon, which passed the Texas and the
lowa and took up the chase of the Colon
at sixteen knots, is remarkable. The ef
fect of her long voyage in securing full
steaming efficiency was clearly shown.
The experience gained by the engineers
and stokers was strikingly asserted, and
the moral is indisputable."
Lieutenant Beehler, D. S. N., contrib
utes a chapter on the United States navy
and private shipbuilding yards. Cramp's
yard is claimed to be "the leading estab
lishment of the country." followed by the
I'nion Iron Works and the Newport News
Company, which latter the writer as
serts "is one of the largest and best
equipped in the world.''
In a tabulated comparison of the fire
energy per minute of the latest battle
ships the new Maine is last in efficiency
of eight battleships of the British,
French, Italian, German, Russian and
Japanese navies. The German battleship
Kaiser Frlederich 111 of 10,954 tons is cred
ited with 576,588 foot tons of gun fire, or
."i2.b4 per ton displacement; while the
Maine of 12,500 tons shows an energy of
only 375.D72 foot tons, or 22.32 per ton dis
placement. The British, Italian and Jap
anese battleships have a high efficiency
in heavy gun fire, much greater than the
Maine.
In the usual tables of ships of the sev
eral navies that of Spain still contains
the names of the armored cruisers and
other ships lost or destroyed at Santiago
and Manila, and although foot notes ex
plain the fate of each ship there would
seem to be no good reason for filling up
v table with vessels that have ceased to
exist. Some of the captured Spanish ves
sels are duly placed in the list ef United
States naval vessels.
A brief but interesting description js
given of the two torpedo boats building
by Parsons at Newcastle-on-Tyne. They
are 320 tons displacement and with tur
bine motors developing 12,000 horsepower
are expected to make thirty-five knots.
. Their machinery, boners etc., weigh lbO
tons against 144 tons weight of the mo
tive power for the torpedo boat destroyers
of 3tW tons now building, and which de
velop only 6000 horsepower and a speed of
thirty knots.
Valley Road Contract Let.
STOCKTON. May 20.— H. E. Barler to
day received word that he had been
awarded the contract for building the
Valley road grade through Antioch. The
work involves the handling of nearly 40,
--000 yards of dirt. Mr. Barler is making
AT»V^IB.TISEMBNTS.
preparations to begin work as bo<
possible.
MURDER ATTEMPTED
BY A JEALOUS WIFE
One San Jose Woman Attacks An
other With a Hatchet, Inflicting
a Serious Wound.
SAX JOSE, May 20.— A quarrel ovrr thp
affections of a husband nearly ended In
murder to-day. Mrs. F. E. Garvey ia
suffering from a hatchet wound on the
head and Mrs. Schoenamann was sent to
the County Jail in default of $1000 bonds
to await her preliminary examination for
assault to murder. Mrs. Garvey reside?
at 1022 South Tenth street, while her as
sailant lives on Eleventh street. For
some time there has been an estrangi -
ment between the women on account of
the jealousy of Mrs. Schoenamann. She
alleges that her husband devotes more
attention than ho ought to Mrs. Garvey.
This morning Mrs. Schoenamann decid
ed to secure an equal division of- her hus
band's love. Grabbing a hatchet, she
started out- to find her husband at Mr?.
Garvey's. fully determined to "toma
hawk" him. fie was not there, however,
and she attacked Mrs. Garvey. She
struck the latter on the head with the
hatchet, producing a serious scalp wound.
Garvey interfered and undoubtedly pre
vented murder.
Mrs. Schoenamann was arraigned be
fore Justice Gass on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon, preferred by Mrs.
Garvey. Her examination was set for
June 24 at 10 o'clock.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SBI
SILVER KILLINGS. 25* UP
GOLD FILLINGS...... 7S*UP >
GOLD CROWNS.. 50 UP
PORCELAIN CROWNS..A3 50UP
BRIDGE W0RK. ...... 3 50 UP
WITKDAiNLESS EXTRACTION FREE
DENTAL PARLORS
CORNER SIXTH j -
fIFVFIANI) BICYCLES'! : -;
ULLILLHIiU $40 and $50
LEAVITT <& BILL,
Open Every Evening. 309 Larkin St. *
SWEET Use /^%
RESTFUL woodbury's mMj
SLEEP Facial Soap -ASfcjr:" "■
Follows a bath with VVOODBTJRY'S Facia: * l .
Soap, and the face, neck and arms and hand!
rendered beautifully white, soft and smootl
with WOODBURY'S Facial Cream. For salt
everywhere. ■■''Wti&gßmTHE EMPORIUM.
In the Cafe.
. After spending an hour or two
shopping at th? big store, drop in at
the Cafe an refresh yourself with
a little lunch. Everything served hero
is the very best. Absolute clean-
liness and quick service are main-
tained and prices are moderate. Salads,
Oysters, Hot Diahe-, Sandwiches, Cod
Meats, Puddings— Pies and Cakes irom
our own bakeshop — unsurpassed Coffee,
Tea and Choolate— [ c >■ mml Ices.
Hair Grower*
A of the famous "7 Sutner.and Sis-
ters'" Preparation deeply price-cut this
week.
Hair ower, $1 size 60*3
Hair Grower, 50 • size 23c
Sc ilp Cleaner, 50c size 25c
Anti eptic ?oap. 3 ca<e=> for 45c
Men's Shirts.
Men's Soft Outing or
Working Shirts at uc— Prob-
vC^22?y^ ably no house in Amer-
[<j77&dl3^pv>i ca pays more for a
I fcallJll!)l/i$§. sn rt t0 re tail at 50c
1^1 I \\W^ i than we do. We sell
\^%vlc^^" thousands of them
• Yx^H^^^J j every ye?r, and the
jjj ' [li|j j same men return again
111 |J--jand again, so they
Tj J ' i must be right. They
! :' : ij j are made of strong
jji ! I i! j' cotton fabrics and
j < c ! NJj '/o id flannelettes, cut
| • | X full, 36 inches long,
j, ill : yoked backs, extension
ill j | bands— all colors, in-
Ijjt j •' eluding black anj
t « iiiiillililijllj white— they will weir
equa ly as we 1 as most
75c kinds. Our price the year round i?..
.' 500
Fine Shirts of Madras- Che-
viots, sateen?, twilis, silk stripes, in
Madras and Flannels — many patterns,
exclusive with vs — all are made up to the
highest point of shirt perfection — will fit
yon perfectly and give s^Kndid satisfac-
tion $1 an! $f.50
Men's 9*>q Stiff Bosom
Colored Shirts— We are sure we
sell the best-fitting, the best-made sh rt,
cut from the newest and best designs of
percales, for the money i9sc) in this or
any other city — all sizes and new pat-
terns ever} 1 week to select from— t^ey
look and wear like the ordinary $1.50
shirts if So
Playing Cards.
Aluminum Surface Piaying Cards,
jrlazji. fine finish, 2 packs for 25c
Notions at sc.
50 yards B.ack Soool Silk— 6-yard
piece Finishing B aH — 1 pair Dress
Shields — 1 dozen Pear Buttons, 22 line —
Large Shell Hairpins — Large cube of
Pins — 1 pa ; r covered O>rs t Steels — B-lt
Pms — \ paper Eng ish Pin«, all sizes.
Notions at We. *'■
1 dozen Sue.] Pins — i Safety Pin Case
— 5 balls Darning Cotton — 3 packs Eng-
lish Harpins— 3 doz'ri Safety Pin-— 1
. dozen 6-irch Kid Curler ; — 8-inch Pom-
padour H iir Roll — 1 pair Gum Dr.
Shielis — Fu 1 Nick?! Curing Iron.
Notions at 15c.
4a; 00.3 Cotton— s-.eins Embroidery
S' k— l doz>n Shell Pins— Curlinr Iron
H lder — 1 set acqnet Buttons — dozen
yards Wash Braid — ioz^n Battenberg
Garpets and Rugs.
25c yard for Ingrain Carpets — extra quality, full width, 36 inches wide, good
m snt of c.i ore - i th 35c.
50c yard f>>r Fmith's Tapestry — Bnusels carpet — good a—ortment of patterns.
Tsc yard for Wilt n Velvets, in effective designs and pleasing color schem-a —
lari y we would for $1.1 (—borders to mat
of Carpet Remnants in a store like this,
ra roll after roll i- cot into daily.
We have at present about :000 yards Tapestry, Velvets and Body Brussels, ranpin^
in lengths from 20 to 50 yar.s. which we propose to sell at a big discount
from r gular price>.
Good L'rad.- of lapestry 35c | Wilton Ve'vets 60c
- Tapestry 50c I I'o 1 Brussels 75c
AIS Good Grades of Carpets in Stock.
Isc yard Lin n Warp M Itrag — 100 rol's to go this week at th : s price.
39c square yard or Scotch Lno earn— 2 yards wide— lots o: patterns.
I3c yard • r ifani ;i Ma tin — heavy, fancy de?igns — nothing better m;de.
31.30 square yard for Wi d's Inlaid L : no'eum— the latest patterns, newest
riru s, in tr.e most desirab c L noleum m inufactured.
• <£*oz^rl 25c
' =s^l Purses.
' A'j 1 ( ffifi Ladies' Combination
\ ~*rs^ Jjzi-jty Card Case and Pocket
. "irVfi i '-^SrtfC\ , Book, well made
SmjJ I^-^ ' '^..-^ — a and da able, bet-
s*<-■<• ""1 l ° r than many
T' V 4,f 50c purses
<T _^ <$ 25c
; <^~^sllLlj^£} pin- Purses,
grain leather,
, leather lined, bi^ value at....;.......25c
Trunks, $5.25.
We offer a good Trunk, covered
with heavy bine waterproof canvas,
protected all ov.-r by heavy malleable
iron ball bumpers, sheet iron • ottom,
strong lock and hinges, deep set up tray,
divided into two ro my compartments.
28-inch 55.25 32- ; n;h 56.00
30-inch 5.75 34- nch 6.50
86-nch 56.75
Complete linaa of Trunk-, Bg<, Va-
lises, Telescopes, Biskets, Hold-alls,
Drea Sb t Casa?, Straps etc., at prices
to 3ati»fy the mo^t economical.
TO RESTRICT
JAP LABORERS
Hawaii's Tim Limit on
Importations.
c Of The Call.
\"!.ri.r. May 13.— After the July
■. half of the laborers imported
• : n ay be Japan
• ■■ . r. . : bi Americans or
Kuropi
This con< fusion v ■ d by the
hit morning, and is the result
■ .-■•rai days' deliberation, it is a
ill compelling the planta
ountry to adapt
10 the labor sys
tem which is coming.
arter, beginning July
10, iher> will be no r on Japan
■ <• labor, except In the Individual cases
v . here sanitary matters are
F" m<nts or where bru
may be practiced. This will cna
ordi n aln ady in to h'- filled,
role will go into effect October 1.
Che date set gives to the planters near
ly live monihs in which to place their
houses In order. In the meanwhile the
government has permitted only half of
Uie Japanese required for thoso live
THE EMPORIUM.
Ohamois Gloves.
An exc?l!ent quality of Ladies' 2-clasp
Chamoii Gloves has just arrived— the
washable kind— backs prettily embroi-
dered — ire white, buff and pearl— every
pair fitted. P. ice, per pair 65c
grill Special Sale Shoes*
Y^Ci'i Monaav and iuesdav Only:
r'^lc^ Ladies' Black Vici Kid Lace Shoes —
f.'^^^r fancy silk dotted vesting cloth tops, new
I Vs^& coin toes, patent leather tips, sewed flex-
V\''-'"^v 'k' e so ' c - — a shoe of exceptional vaipe —
)^j£*i±2^ very stylish — sure to pUase you all
\ sizes — sold regularly at $2 50 pair— at
\^ Z^k ie sur P ; ngiv low price for 2 d-'vs only
• $1.65
$3000 Worth Trimmed Millinery at 50c on the Dollar.
High-Clas3 Trimmei Hats— new
J!*£l fresh goo is direct from Naw York.
/yS'.^.^ Fashion's latest fancies in Dre*s Hats,
#^Carriige Hats, Picture Hat-, Walking ,
-^^CvR yCv Ha:> Siaie Hats, Bonnets and Turbans.
All hats trimmod in tht3 season'i
r -\\\ >w "2^Wl~v^ colors. All hats this season's shapes.
V AH hats of best workmanship. All hats
made of only very best matinaU Su:h
■'*' -f^^ixf"^! millinery was naver sold for such prices
K^JL before.
%. £f.  Trimmed Walking Hats— Brett's
V>— sn n^» price $0.50 and $6, our rice $3.00
'''■^^ffH^¥^CiS. Trimmed Turbans, brown, black
-A ' *ki^^ and navy— Brett's price $5 00. oar
z^&Ujj&g^SZ' price $3.00
Trimm'd Hats, Sowars, ribbons —
Brett's price $8 00, our price.. $4. 00
ONE-THIRD OFF THE REMNANT PRICES (not the regular prices Ssut
the already reduced remnant prices) of our ENTIRE LINE OF COLORED
DRESS GOODS REMNANTS. Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday only.
This includes all short lengths (from I to 6 yards) of This Season's Choicest Dress Fabrics in
Colors. When the goods became "remnants" they were reduced to remnant prices, and it is from these
that we make a still further reduction of ONE-THIRD FOR THREE DAYS*
$4.50 Remnants $3.00 $3.00 Remnants $2.00 $1.50 Remnants $1.00, Etc.
Mali oil Ruchsngs and Ruiilings.
Beginning Monday, and while the quantity lasts, we offer at exactly half price
1500 yards of pretty Ruchings and Rufflings made of knife and accordion pleated Liberty
Silk and Mousseline, suitable for dress trimmings and neckwear. The assortment in-
cludes black, cream and all fashionable colorings, in widths from 1 to 6 inches.
50 yards of 12k Ruffling at 64c yard I 275 yards 50c Ruffling at. 25c yard
75 yards of 15c Ruffling at 7.1 c yard 137 yards 65c Ruffling at 32} c yard
300 yards of 25c Ruffling at 12k yard 125 yards of 85c Ruffling at ... . .42ic yard
147 yards of 30c Ruffling at 15c yard 67 yards of $1 Ruffling at 50c yard
285 yards of 35c Ruffling at 17.1 c yard I 35 yards of £1.75 Ruffling at . .877, c yard
Linings.
We offer this week 1000 yards of the
popular Percasilk Linings, black grou-.d
with pretty tripes, this season's color-
irg.s, full 36 inches wide, regularly worth
20; yard, while lot lasts .120
Stationery.
Box Stationery, kid finish, octavo size,
blue, cream, 1 heliotrope, sapph : re or
azure t-nts, 24 sheets paper and 25 en-
velopes, per box 20*3
Mocha Gloves.
La lies' 2-clasp Mo .-ha G.oves— co'ora
red, blue, brown, tan an! gray — the mo it
durable glove nude— every pair fitted.
Our price, per pair BOc
Cambric Scarfs.
' Two extra values in Irish point effect —
Lot I— Nca Cambric Scarfs, double
borier, size 13x36 inches — jach...4sc
Lot 2 — Good style Bureau Scarfs, size
18x54 inches — each 60c
months, making the list about 5000 in
place of LO.OOO. This will m.ik* It neces
sary to look aboul ■ other la
bor. Meetings of planters will be held
during this week to consider the matter.
and it Is expected thai some scheme will
be evolved for importing Portuj ■ ■ ..i
other workmen for Immediate Deeds.
The Government he : - the
question "i discrimination in the not over
half proposition affecting Japanese A
year ago when the treaty between Hawaii
and Japan was in force such a step could
not be thought of for a moment. Now,
however, it is different.
It is not a fait, as might he inferred
from reports in some of the papers, that
there- is air.' B< rious disagreement between
the Government and planters on the mat
ter of curtailing the use of Japanese la
bor. Most of the sugar planters are united
in the "opinion that the character of Ha
waiian labor should and must be changed
iekly as possible. Said a man who
represents a dozen plantations:
■\\.- agree thoroughly with the Govern
meni that there mu.=t be a change, and
will do all in our power to bring it about
an as possible. ( >f course, ;* Budden
change I an; sort would be damaging in
the extreme. The leeway now before us
-i;i<tcry and is all wo warrt. It will
give ua ample time to prepare."
Some time ago a local shipping house
,1 to the Hawaiian Government for
je of Quarantine Island for Chinese
contract laborers en route to Samoa. The
matter was referred by the Cabinet to
the Central Government at Washington.
By tlie Coptic President Dolh received a
letter from the Secretary of State advis
ing that the American Government had no
objection to the use of Quarantine [sland
for Chinese passengers in transit, but on
account of the present situation in Sa
moa the Government could not consent
to the ufie of the. Hawaiian Islands for
tho encouragement of such immigration.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
THE EMPORIUM.
Corticelli Silks*
A complete line of Corticelli Em-
broiiery Silks, such a3 Filo. Persian
Floss, Rjman Rope, Twisted and Etching
at 45c a doz^n s;ein3 — also full J^-oz.
spools Knitting Silk at 25a
»
P €pold en Rule ttAza.au*. *§i
California's Largest —^America's Grandest Store.
The Brett Millinery Sale Begins Mon-
day, May 22, and Continues Until
All of the Special Purchase Is Sold.
Read This Letter:
P. J. BRETT & CO.,
Manufacturers of
NOVELTIES IN LADIES' HATS,
25 and 27 West Houston Street,
NEW YORK, May 9th, '99.
EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR. San Francisco, Cal.—
Gentlemen: We accept your offer of 50c on the dollar for the 200 Ladies'
Tr.mm^d Ha s, as per sumoles sent you byexpres3. We have never bsfore
sold hats for such low prices, nnd you know we are among the leaders in
the m ilinery line There are many imported pattern hats in the lot that
cost vi more for duty alone than you are paying. The sale is ab g one,
however, ani we wish you every success with the goods 'ioo^s go by ex-
press to-day. Very truly yours, P. J. BRETT & CO.
Special Sale of Bedroom Suits.
We have purchased at 65c on the dollar 200 reliable, well-made Bedroom Suits, ranging in price,
when sold regularly, from $15 to $85 each. Beginning Monday, and until the lot is sold, we shall offer
these goods at about third less than regular prices— in many instances even a greater
reduction. It is hardly probable that such a chance to buy bedroom suits will come again. These are
all marked with lot numbers to distinguish them from our regular stocks.
f^^^Q Lot 2 — lo Suits, worth $15, marked. . $12.50 g^Jg^ A
gjL^T- 'Op Lot 3— Suits, worth $20, marked $15.00 ? r^~p' jf'^iff
pp§= 31Jgi^^ Lot 4—7 Suits, worth $22, marked. . . $16.00 '■ '■ ==aßtea S— |~~fjl
I S^tasfSß Lot 5—12 Suits, worth $23, marked. . . . $17.00 tefflf^-^-
Lr ']]~ — -r* — ~~n .r" Si **"w 1^ 1 -*^
IT '■"! Lot 6—3 Suits, worth $25, marked $19.00 IP^=^l
LOT No. 1-Con.V.s of well- " LOT . f 7 - ° Oak Bed-
oT d 3^S; SiZ B SIT" Sait d Lot 8-3 worth $35, marked... . . $25.00 ™ S^^sLTc-eT-
of 6 pieces — Bed, Bureau and • »->• , . „ . v_"T v* _.
Wo ' f3r ,j i;. q ':„»,„ mnl i Dresser has a full swell front
JtSfh^woorJS^mi: Lot 9-5 Suits, worth $37.50, marked. $26.00 and French bsvelec l plate gla 8
Iv carved-beve : gla ? s, 20x26 : ~ ~ ■ mirror-size 30x24 inches-
inches-at the exceptional!, Lot 10-2 Suits, worth $40, marked. ... $28.75 J*ft *§*?%%*
low price, whie -m *% «. o - o • i
the lot lasts $9.50 • $3 ,°- S P ecial £99 7«
.-^^^^ Lot 11-4 Suits, worth $65, marked. . . $40.00 * ale P rce 9****o
■L- "^ff Lot 12—2 Suits, worth $65, marked .... $40.00 g^£._._^^
if . % v¥i^r¥^^
I Lot 13—2 Suits, worth $75, marked ... $42.50 jV, '■' ? (
W{ r^\ Lot 14 — 1 Suit, worth $85, marked . . $48.00 ,p,J^;
T\ )^i Lot 15 ~" 2 Suits ' worth 65 ' marked •• • • $39.00 "'■• "" T
vOr^SSil Lot 16— 1. Golden Birch, worth $75, marked JUlj -.1
\^ '^^S $42.50 jy^"7~S'i
*V-.-N^S- — •• • *p*rsC.iJHj c^j.--. ; --~~:^_y(
On sale to-morrow (Mon- \ ~ " C
day,', and while the lot lasts— Lot 17 — 2 Golden Birch, worth $80, marked Hanging Cabinet or Medicine
Porch Roeke:s. simi'a; to pic- . .$49.00 Case, like picture — 100 will bo
ture — strongly constructed, sold special this week. g%rm
with larze siz>, b'oid arm-, the T , 10 , i -n •• vr\ i .i a .n~ • \ i Each.. :...€&i2G
A.me of comfort. *f -- Lot 18-l English Oak, worth $80, marked . They are made of oak or .
Special sale pric--.. &Bm m «9 • • • ■ $52.50 solid mahogany.
SENIORS BEATEN
BY THE FACULTY
Exciting Baseball Game
at Stanford.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD, May ~ 20. — The faculty
members are in high glee and are con
gratulating themselves on their victory
over the seniors in the baseball game to
day. Heretofore the faculty team al
ways has been beaten, and badly at that.
This year the team was strengthened by
some young blood, and it won by the
close score of 12 to 11.
Dr. Jordan appeared on first bas<\ and
wore a sunny smile as he accepted chance,
after chance arid saw his team, fighting
an uphill game, gradually overtake and
pass its opponents. The doctor says he
started in playing ball away back in the
'70's, when "Pop" Anson of the Chicago
White Stockings did, and he guessed he
could stay with It as long as that worthy.
Dr. Jordan confines himself to one game
a yar. however, never getting out to
practice with his team. How he happened
to be in such good condition to-day is a
subject for speculation. It has been re
ported by some that the doctor has been
THE EMPORIUM.
25c Tickets, 15c.
O>i Sp:ciil Sale Mondiy o- Iv — tk, 2*, c
Admi-. :on Tickets t> the Exhibition
of Industrial Ant* 9 nt=r t t di-
rection o The G .lifornia Club,
m the Moahanios' Pavi ion.
\lav 20 to 2j, tnclustv — each. 150
Ticket Office in Rotunda.
Men's $15, $16: s °, $17-_™ Suits $9.45.
This great sale of ours answers two purposes — helps us get rid of our surplus of $15,
$16-50 and $17.50 sack suits and advertises us as only good, honest, unusual bargains can.
Remember these suits are not flimsy, light weights, filling a temporary need only, but are
a!i-ihe-year-rnund weights*
Solid all-wool 18 and 20 ounce cassimeres and cheviots — suits made so strongly that
they will stand all kinds of hard knocks and come up smilingly — suits that are made,
trimmed and fashioned so perfectly that they are the counterpart, or even a little better,
than the merchant tailor sorts at $20 or $25 — suits that are guaranteed absolutely to be
big plump values at $15, $16.50 and $17.50. These are the sort of suits we are selling
until further notice at $9.45. Be wise. Don't lose this opportunity. To look or examine
costs nothing.
going out into the arboretum by himself
to train, and that he has been seen, when
he supposed he was not, juggling stuffed
fisht a in the laboratories. However this
may be, the victory was due to a great
extent to his playing. He hit safely sev
eral times and at the right time. His
assistant, "Billy" Erb, was kept busy
cantering around the bags— the doctor
never runs bases.
The most amusing feature of the game
was the wearing apparel of the seniors.
On a dark night of last week they hied
themselves to the city in a bunch, and
when they came back each had under his
arm a fancy ballet costum?. The manager
would not say where these came from,
and there has been much conjecture as
to whether they were hired from the cho
rus girls of some city opera company.
When the senior players stood up in a
row to be phoiographed the sight was
one to "make the angels weep."
The ilne-up of the teams was as fol
lows:
i Faculty. Positions. Seniors.
; Kellpy Pitcher Crandall
Richardson Catcher C. P. Smith
Jordan First bnpp :Van Kathovan
Anpell Second base R. Smith
Fish Th ird base Su zzal lo
Uncoln Shortstop Gregory
Murray I>pft field ...Gillman
Marks Center fluid Noble
| Starbuck RfKht field Berry
Mark Twain on Vienna.
I Blny 20.— Samuel v. Clc-mons
(Mark Twain) and family will terminate
I an eighteen months' visit here Wednes-
I day next. They will go to Dresden, Ber
lin and London, and will spend the sum
mer in the Scottish Highlands. In the
autumn they will go to Florida, Mr.
Clemens describes a book which he has
been engaged in writing as a portrait
THE EMPORIUM.
Wash Braids*
Everything that is new and charming
in Wash Braids and Wa-h Trimmings,
fcuch H8 Butterflies, Pull Braids, Ruffle
Braids and Hercules — prices range from
lOC per dozen up.
Strong Go- Carts $2. 50. "T^f 3
This full-size Woo 1 Ree i Varnished Go- v I
Cart — tinned steel patent hub wheel, anti- !l»aaJ
friction fastener (which keeps oil in hub o*^' £&!!?£s!
and prevents soiling of clothes), with t^n^ iTVjII/
foot brake, comp ete like picture— on'y... A\\\ : [\itarn\
• • * ZiOU ri^iSv?S'-r>r» r A
40 different styles of Go-Carts for you V/lfWyTpßijf^J
to choose from, ranging in pri^e f rom )ciiV *Of\/
$2.50 to $20.00 j^r^&fMy
Reclinirg Go-Carts, $5.50, $8.50 and $13 "" —-»^
Trimmed Hat 3, all shapes and
shades— Brett's price $10.03, our >£~"V/«^-- v
price. $5.00 C\ «4 ..;•// /\
Trimmed Hats, fine materiah — VJ^7 W\
Brett's prices $14.00 and $15 Oft, our /X/ky g^f
. price.... $7.00 J^^^ :^/w
Trimmed Hats, elegant materials — Al^Vv'/y^&s*^
Brett's rices $16.00 to $18.00, our W^-^^^^C
price $9.00 1?^0W^)
Eh r ant Trimmed Hats, high novel- JW^ 3^' *^ %C
ties— Brett's pnc s $18.00 an-t $20.00. "^5 _^L fn
our price $10.00 -'-^Sv^/-\U
Elgant Trimmed Hats, fine ma- ' A \* l
terial-, finaly — Brett'* price **^\ ' ■ .'- S* ffl
$25.00, our price $12.50 C^^^xi^^
Eegant Trimmed Hats — Brest's L -~
price $30.00, our price $15.00
gallery of remarkable people he has
i met from his childhood, ranging from
monarchs to desperadoes. He adds that
| Vienna has been a treasure mine of lit
erary material for him, but the political
j corruption of the city is the worst pos-
I sible, eclipsing anything in the United
: States.
CONTRACT LET FOR THE
APTOS SCHOOLHOUSE
Work on the Building Donated by
Claus Spreckels Will Soon be
Under 1 Way.
j SANTA CRUZ, May 20.— Through the
generosity of Claus Spreckels AptCM WtU
soon possess one of the finest and ni"st
commodious district school houses In th<
county. The present building is hardly
fit for occupancy and the new building
will be highly appreciated, not only by
Aptos but by the whole county. The con
tract for the new building was let to-day
to C. D. Folsom, a local contractor. The
latter heard last May that Mr. Spreckels
intended to donate to Aptos a school -
house and Immediately communicated
with the capitalist. In due time he com
pleted arrangements, and later had in
hand the plans drawn by Reid Bros.
The schoolhouse itself will cost $2000,
and the contract price will foot up close
to $3000. Included with the donation goe3
one acre of land, situated just this side of
Aptos. The location is an elevated one
and the school building will be high and
dry. something which cannot be said of
the present structure. The new building
will be 34 by 36 feet in dimension, with one
main room, anterooms and a command
THE EMPORIUM.
Waist Sets.
Mother of Pearl Waist Sets, plain or
fancy pattern^, complete set 200
Enameled Waist Seis, pins or buttons,
in biue, white or black, best quality of
fire gilt that will not tarnish, per set
350
Another Gannett Gc®ds Sale. %
CMondav and Tuesday Only. - J
This is our greatest special sale of canned goods yet — all fresh — 311 fine '
goods — all very cheap at our regular prices — all guaranteed to please you or your *
money refunded. +,
One lot 2n( 0 cans the best Maine Sweet GOfft, regularly 13s can /0S
One lot 1800 1-lb tins Hum »'a R^l Alaska Salmon, regularly lie can, for 9n «
One small lot (1509 tins) Palmetto, Columbus, Eagle and Amazon Table ■#
FruH, regu'arly 13c to 17c each, while suppk lnst-, per tin 100 ♦
One lot John Moir & Son's English Kippered Herring, none better in ♦
the market, regularly 2"c t n for 13 0 J
One lot 1000 cans Table FruilS— Cherries, Blackberries, Green Gages— |
regularly 20c, 4 for SOC I
iroo bottles John Moir & Son's English Ghow Mixed Pickles and *»
Onions— New fresh goods, per 1 ottl ■ 250 sf
One lot SCO tins Risch French Mushrooms, us, regu'arly 20c, i0r.150 ♦
One lot 500 tins Richirdson & Robbins' Boned Chicken, fts, regularly ♦
25c, for 2OC ♦
One lot 500 tins ',s, R ; chardson & Robbins' Poitcd Ghirjkon and *
Turkey, resrularly 20c, for T4-C J
Oue lot 1000 tins, K& Richardson & Robbins' Potted Tongue and 4,
Ham, regularly 15c, for 9o +
Men's Hats, $2.45. Rubber %
The Emporium $2.45 Darby and Fedora GoOiiSm ff &j ■ *
Hats for men in all the latest seasonal, c comb in ation 7/ fc^ «
ahapes dimensions and clors-Engl-.sh Fountain Syringe l / f^J^s^s s^ *
and gold browns, biacks, pearls, with and Water Bo (f \\c*^ ♦
pearl or black bands; cedars and cedar tleg Hke picture _ } a^^ *
contrasts, Otters, etc. These hats ■ are one ' of the best j ' £
except onal values and are appreciated manufactured _ I , ;■:. —^ 5
when given a trial by wearers of gdod the kin , we ar _\U J IT~\ 4
hats. The shapes represent the sjjtd antee for one ear %-Ag^' / *
Dunlap Knox, Stetson and Youman 99 _ comple t e outfit *
blocks, and the quality the best that can __ 2 - auart size 15^^^^^^^ *
be had for the monev — the exclusive hat- a.-! q niior *. 0 ; 70 ' (^^^^Z^^^ **
- __ . . 3>i — o-ouaru size, >— — ■-
ters $3 quality. The Emporium price... «i io '2
>: " \ — — Draperies— Covers %
Linen StfUareSm • New Art Ticking, Denims, Denimettes. *
This week in our L nan Departm nt we j Curtain Muslins, Scrims, Cretonnes and 5,
pace on Bale n special nurchase of Fine Printed Burlaps. «y
Irish Linen Squares, Scarfs Art Ticking 18c
and Tray Glottis at about the New Denimette ; 12 l-2c <4f
price of the material. They are alii Simpson's Best Denims 25c ♦
hand made, hems r. itched, with open work, 36-inch Dotted Swiss 10c ♦
nn 1 corners in fine Spanish work— 36-inch Muslin, all over patterns. .l 2 l-2c *
36x36 inche-, $1 each, worth $1.50 36-inch Scrims, plain, figured and col- J
18x72 inches $1 each, worth $1.50! orsd sc, 10c, 12 l-2c J
18x 4 inches, 85j each, worth. $1.25 32-inch Cretonnes 12 l-2c >g
20x30 inches, 75c each, worth $1,151 36-inch Printed Burlap 20c «
ing entrance hall. A wide porch will lend
attractiveness. The structure will be well
liphtod and ventilated.
For this generous Rift the people of this
county owe Mr. Spreckels a debt of grati
tude that will not soon be forgotten.
Against Sunday Work.
VICTORIA, h. C.May 20.— Tne Miowera
DO YOU NEED AN ELECTRIC BELT?
« • • . . ■
J7 \U\lj/ t re you weak, nervous, deblll-
v\^i4/^ l^y-^jMi^ v^l'(^ / > tated? Hay you pain in the back?
■j^i^^BjHK^K'^teKv Have you pain anywhere? ' If so,
''^jCi^W'WsW^y'-J^^^^^r stop drugging and try electricity.
/^v^ NhV^^^S^^^a v put 3 life into all weak parts and
S/mk^rS^^i^A^^^r^^y^Bm drives away pain as if by magic.
BaKjT^.---- ...,.^*^?%^'^-^^^Grffiifflßr by means of a S°od Electric Belt,
VML'£ : il WV^-^^^wiV^'tfii^^ and everybody knows that "DR.
Sy 'f^A'UJ^^C' TIERCE'S" is the best Belt made.
X^^T^^^^X^^^'^V^""" Prlces VERT REASONABLE. We
i4"S -"^i^i' , - - also have a Belt for ' 3 °. the same
i7f / I^****^!^^*^^* H V "" kind that others sell at from $10 to
i I -^^^^f"*«- 52 °- If you require relief call and
•C^v'A'i YY"- 6ee us or Ben^ 2 cents in stamps for
\'-1> our "Booklet No. 2." Address: ■
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street. Opposite Palace Hotel, San Franclsoo, Cat.
THE EMPORIUM.
' ■ 4
Leather Work. |
The ingenious Mexican Leather Carv- "4
ers in the rotund make to order almost '
any article you can think — even J
leather embroideries for dress trim- 5
mings.
Hand-carved Mexican Belts, buckle or 4
cinch 75c to $5 <3
Hand-carved Combination Pocket Books.. <
$1 <
1 Hand-carved Button Coin Purses,. ..soo J
Hand-caived Pocket Coin Purses.... 33o 2
Candies. %
Candies made fresh daily in our own
factory, on the premises.
Finest French Mixed Candies, per 1b... 3
• 350 4
(3 lbs. for $1.00.) *
All Nut Taffies, per lb 250 *
Caramels and Buttercups, per 1b..250 <
Glace French Fruits, per lb sOg
French Salted Almonds, per 1b...50c 1
We put up our Fine Candies in tin *
boxes for country shipment without
extra charge. . 2
*
Toilet Articles. %
Girard Fils Imported Extracts, all *
odors, i.-oz 25c — . bottles 500 2
Witch Hazel Floating Bath Soap, large 2
''size, 3 cake- for 100 2
Dr. Lambert's Antiseptic Skin Soap, <*
box 3 cakes 4-Dc <
La France Rose, pure glycerine soap, ' <
box 3 cakes 15c <
Witch Hazel, pure distilled, pints. 2so
. . : — _ t
Hammocks. j
Mexican Grass Hammock, njjit. A
all white ; 65c ■ OZSJ, 4
Mexican Grass Hammock, "">C?v_l3s7 "i
colored— $1. $1.25 {X'^S^l <
and $1.50. a tr%4f] "*
Colored Cot- vW^^^^Jm 1
ton Ham- \^\ 2
75c and $1. c^lf^^>>^i / » 4
Colored Cot- \v>O3s^'" <
ton Ham- )w\\\ *•• * *
mocks, with • RS^jr
valance and J
pillow and Hammock spreaders '
$1.25 to $5.00 J
Canvas Hammocks $1.50, $2 and $3
Patent Fastening Hammock Ropes
...../..20c and 25c per pair <
Hammock Hooks , 15c per pair 4
Hardwood Hammock Stands, with blue 4
and white striped duck adjustable '
canopy $10.00 and $12.00 J
Adjustable Swinging Hammock Chair. 5
made of hardwood on stani $5.00
Same, with canopy $7.00 .
Adjustable Hardwood Lawn Chairs $1.00 v
With Arms $1.25
Camp Stools 20c 4
Camp Stools with backs 35c 4
Liquor Specials.
(Monday and Tuesday.
Kentucky Bourbon, sold regularly at
$2.50 gallon, for 2 days $2.00
Raspberry, Strawberry, Grenadine and
Pineapple Syrups, quarts, regularly 50",
for 35c, or 3 for $1.00
Our best :ab!e Claret, reguiarlv $1
gallon, for 75c
brings news that there) has been a biff
agitation in West Australia against Sun
day labor in the mines at Perth. A mass
meeting, attended by about 3000, was held
to discuss the question. Addresses were
delivered by ministers of various denom
inations and others. A resolution was
adopted asking Parliament to prohibit un
necessary Sunday work.
56
SUNDAY. MAY 2r. 1899
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor. *
Address Ah Communications to W. S, LEAKE Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE ...Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Itain 1565.
EDITORIAL ROOM? 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1871
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Pintle Copies. 5 conts.
Terms by MiiU InciudiriK Postage: ;
PAILY CALL (irriudins P-inrtay Call), one year $0.00 |
DAILY CALL (deluding Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00 I
DAILY CALL (including Sun Jay Call). 3 months 1 .50 j
PAILT CALL— Hy Pine'? Mor.th «~>c j
SUNDAY CALL One Year l.Gi) j
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1 - tK> ]
A.: postmasters are authorized to receive subscription*. I
Sample ccples will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE . 908 Broadway
Xl " YORK 0FF1CE.. ..; ..Room 188. World Building
C. CEO KROGJVESS. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel !
C. C. CARI.TON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE •• Marquette Building 1
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9.30 o'clock- 367 yes street, open until j
930 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 I
o'clock' 615 Larßln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- |
9- Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2291 Market |
street, corner Sixteenth- -open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- >06 Eleventh !
itract, open uqUI 9 o'clock- 1506 Polk street, open
untt.l 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana ;
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
i i
AMUSEMENTS.
Oohrnibl*— ""On ■ - ' Off."
• Cavalierla Rusti-
-
■
-
■
Lh— Bat-
■
- '
■
AUCTION SALES.
IN SIGHT AT LAST
I \ tasto 1
- • -
s; that at last 1 g debate 01
i
. ■
structing the cai I ago in I
. ■ • rk. The ca of edu
c ■ ■ the satis
i the great ma j orii thai
public
• ■ king it became so
nger t
ntesi ■
• ndered a set -
\ - ■ the ani
I led in dividing
■-net it. 1 tdd
to 1 ■ : canal
f ■ roject 1 ront and found many
' aye the United States
• ment undertake to aid the completion o: that
■ than enter upon a new one by cither of
t
■ - the question of
mute ! the undertaking of the proji I
time. It -
gret, and that the
President would have I int a new com:
over the r I . Thai would have en
tailed more year? of delay, and it looked as if the ac
tive undertaking of the eni i re as remote as
e\ <r.
The report now coming from Washington that
■ ted by the Commissioners
"led. then •"■ re, as one of the most grati
of the time. It seems to clear away
the last ere. 1 I em the way of undertake I
■ ■• • tially unanimous report on
ion to ad upon, it is
■ ■ in determining to go
nd make the a essai to be
• rk.
■ port the ■ favor
•■• • ■ Lull route across Nicaragua.
nee it to be entirely feasibl
cstimai 000. Tr is ridded
, cause i • ■ mated com is t! I
Comrai [intensions < nnsid
• ' •! h in
■ ■ and radius iif cur
vature oi < anal, . • • ■■ •■ ■
■ ly and quickly make
the) said,
made f n the i itimated cost
in go « • itions made from
former ■• . ■ lated a much
and c
n that the report
• ■ ■ President as soon
as he r< pital. If that
' > repori may be made public in
time to be fully discu sed during the summer, so that
when Congn it will be possible to take
prompt action upon it.
Wealthy Chinr mts of Vancouver are per
fecting a mammoth trust, one of the objects ot which
is to buiW ships to ply between this country and the
Orient. The Pacifi< Mail Steamship Company cer
tainly ouffW to gel some stock in that concern and
destroy tne threatened competition in the importation
of coolies.
The Peace Conference of the Czar is holding its
sessions in "the house in the wood," a rather sugges
tive place for the ; discus-ion of the tremendous
problem. The nations will be long in the woods be
fore the solution co;
General Gomez has issued his manifesto command
ing his Cuban hosts to lay down their arms. The
General is as daring in his handling of words as he
was discreet in dodging encounters.
Rumors are current in New York that the Van
derbilts have at last got a finger in the Southern Pa
cific pie. Wouldn't that be a joke on Uncle Collis?
Another American idol has been smashed. "Fight
ing Bob" Evans gets seasick whenever he travels the
waves in any craft except the lowa.
RAILROAD STRATEGY.
THE Southern Pacific Company entered the Cir
cuit Court of the United States on, Friday last
without notice to the Attorney General of the
State or to Messrs. Foot* and Hayne. the special
who have represented the Railroad Comrais
otion dismissed the grain-rate
case. There was no pos tion to the mo
when presented on behalf of the railroad itself,
mdc, in which large pub
re involved, it would have been in ac
with usage for the courtesy of a notice to
[ n that c wever, the Attorney
'• - - Hayne and Foote, possibly all
: :, n , ; , present, and the reporters
have been there. It was more con
ic with railroad methods, for the un
expected to happen, and for on- of its strategic points
to be made and one of its gross frauds consummated,
when immediate comment or the suggestion of awk
ward <• • ■ ■as impossible.
The pul li bserve that a litigation corn
ed by the railr I in whicft the State
fully forty-three thousand dollars, has ended
without the settlement of any issue it embraced and
aver it had accomplished its only real purpose, so far
complainant was concerned. It will be noted.
that this result would not have been attained
except through dishonest collusion with the majority
seni Railroad Commission, Messrs. Btack
. and Laumeister. The exact facts should be
lected that the full measure of responsibility may
be ex.i
The Railroad Commission in 1895, consisting of
Hugh M. La Rue. James I. Stanton and William R.
.. was not controlled by the railroad. It adopted
• in making a horizontal reduction in ran - I
25 per cent, which was never carried into efrect. By
. and by a schedule also, it used its full
powers • ■ graii rates by 8 per cent. Ihe
mpany sued in the Federal court
ts bill la impanying
ng fotf n pages of print, bro 1
■ -.-• ; • •■ rig I of the commission to touch its
I by itself, which it alleged to b<
-to disarm even criticism. It also set forth its
- constituting the system
under its ti id annexed as exhibits copies
• XII, section 22, of the State constitution. ■
bracing the provision for a fine of Sjo.ooo and I -
••••"■ es f illowing a re
. • -■■■•-. of the Railroad Commis-
I rate-, the act
• which th< - ■ ized and its duties
■ ■ Kentucky, with a sub- \
t, which was the ba ■ »wn
■
Th< mmissioners, through the \tton
■ ■■• counsel, filed affidavits in
g irder that
Judge Mc.Kenna had granted which held the com
ion in a vise and the equally sweeping provi
injunction that was demanded. The argument
mi thi the case lasted for months and went
to the root of 1 - onti -. een
5l • its apportion
meni r the nplainant and
[or 1 ers was as fol
: .Attorney General Fitzgerald. 336 pag
-t Y. Hayne, 695 pages; E S. Pillsbury, 332
b ; William F. Herrin, 131 pages, and John Gar-
This was an ; -iary development of great.
poi " tion for a temporary in
juncti n both sides evinced a determination to
bring the controversy in all it- phases to a definite
lit. The vi .pinion throng;
the Stai - 1, throug u1 the Union — was
met the claims
tiers and that the decision
in its suit would permanently adjust its relation- with
the public.
Judge McKenna avoided t'i me of
the larerr-r points, reserving th< m for the final hear
and simply gr; I nporary injunction rc
of the grain-rate schedule.
A mosi elaborate ahd complete answer to the bill of
complaint was filed, signed by the Attorney General
■ ■ and by Robert Y. Hayne and W. \V.
- as counsel for the- Commissioners. After the
hearing of exceptions and other dilatory proceedings
the issues to be decided were settled. Under the
equity practice, the testimony had to be taken in the
form ■ . and some idea of the magni
tude of the work done in the production of the pr<
may be derived from the fact that the evidence ■
introduced covers 2864 type-written ;
625 ar< the direct and cross examinations of
C. P. Huntingti •■
After a lapse of nearly three years, when the po
litical contest of 1898 commenced in this State, the
controversy was almost ready for trial, and not
a whisper had been heard to the effect that the n
road had been playing with the Com"
iving both them and the people. But the lir
cumstances had altered and the - •<rn Pa- 1
ciiic Company dare not meet the struggle it had
tely invited. I*- relation to the Central Pat ific
Railroad Company it had to satisfy its stockholders
and its bondholders, and it was ■■ forced to pro
to the
eral <. I a continu of iti imposi 1 :
upon trade,' o 1 rce, manufacture and all the otliT
industrial elements of a commonwealth rapidly tak
ing a foremost rank in the Union. Among other
facts shown by the evidence was that its estimate of
railroad property for the purposes of taxation in
round numbers was about one half of i'> estimate for |
;tablishmenl of "just and reasonable" rates. For
tii^ latter obj< tnent was a little more
than $41,01 • ile and H was evident cither that;
: contributing it 1 - fair proportion of taxes or j
thai '1 was literally plundering its unwilling cus-
Here was matter for the consideration of
the State Board of Equalization. But all the other
vita] points on which at the time its suit was instituted
the railroad was not only willing but anxious to ac
cept the judgment of a conn of chancery were in an
equally satisfactory condition for the trial which" the
public expected and which had been substantially
guaranteed.
With its usual disregard for consistency, its usual
indifference to the public interest? and its usual prac
tice oi extortion and oppression, the railroad now de
vised a scheme to have the suit dismissed, which in
the form it adopted would have been successful but
for the integrity and the firmness of Judge Morrow.
While "out of politics" it committed an atrocious
fraud upon the Republican party and secured two of
the Railroad Commissioners, It then manipulated
the Legislature to prevent the requisite appropriation
for the remaining labor to be done on behalf of the
public. When the plan hnd been thus far carried out
Commissioners Blackstock and Laumeister, in con
formity with the famous report polished into com
pleteness by William F. Herrin, rescinded the reso
lutions of 1895, unexecuted as to the horizontal re
duction and perfected as to the grain rates, and in
, structed Attorney General Ford to make the motion
1 for dismissal which Judge Morrow denied. At that
THE SAN FT? A IS J CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
,1
time, as on Friday last, the railroad was represented I
by E. S. Pillsbury, who then declined the- suggestion j
of Judge .Morrow to adopt the motion with the re- |
mark, "Well, we don't know to what penalties\that
might subject us."
The railroad game to obliterate the litigation j
through the commission in. mere form was blocked.
But it was so essential to avoid a hearing on the
merits in the Circuit Court that, when all other means
had failed, it swallowed its declarations of years and,
through its own. attorney, forced a discontinuance. It j
placed its application, however, on the extinction of
the controversy through the repealing action of its
two. representatives on the Railroad Confmission. and
magnanimously concluded to bear the loss of the
money it had expended, which, so far as disclosed, had
been fully counterbalanced by the loss the State had
suffered through the treachery and fraud to which it
hai 1 been subjected. . ■
. ...It thus appears that in order to obtain a judicial
determination of fundamental propositions in con- J
troversy between the railroad and the State a new
litigation will be essential. But it is suggested that
Attorney General Ford, of whose good faith
so far no doubt has been entertained, promptly in
vestigate the responsibility of the railroad and its
agents and employes under the constitutional pro- |
vision to which The Call has already referred, and that j
the State • Board of Equalization -examine the filed j
depositions so that the railroad assessments may be |
raised and the two aspects in which, for opposite pur
poses, it presents its property values harmonized.
The shameless conduct which the railroad considers
a triumph over the people may yet turn out to be a
booemrang if State officers, other than Commissioners
Blackstock and Laumeister. do their • duty. From |
these Commissioners of course nothing can be an
ticipated, although, with the railroad consent, they j
may undertake a pretended revision of the rate \
schedules that will give no relief whatever and con- j
stitute merely "a sop to Cerberus."
THE PEACE CONFERENCE.
THE reports from The Hague are not reassuring
to those who hoped that the Czar's conference
would result in the decrease of armaments and
the lifting from the people of the burden of great
armies and navies.
The modern nations have been too much indoc
trinate', by Lord Salisbury's conscience-quieting doc
trine of "dying nations," upon whose estates the
strong and vital nations have a right to administer.
and by Kipling's 'White Man's Burden," which is the
death, knell of the weak and defenseless, to abate their
military establishments and mind their own business \
Alien so much loot is in sight If they could agree,
peacefully, upon which should administer upon each
nation that the whole decide to be moribund, and
which -hould go jocund to the task of exterminating
the weak and friendless, the matter would be simpli
fied, and'armaments might be reduced to the scale re
quired in hastening the death of the dying and in the
slaughter of the weak. Rut the trouble is the impos
sibility of such an agreement. Take the descent upon
China as an example. That great empire offers a
richer spoil than Caesar found in Gaul or England in
India. Kven the United States have been invited to
take some of it. Ail the limitations of international
law are suspended at the borders of that country.
Its immediate partition is not delayed by any regard
!'>r the rights of its people, but only by disputes
among the nations now in peace conference as to
which shall get the best pieces. Already American
statesmen have declared that we must have our rights
in the division of China. Just what rights we, or
the other western nations, have to property that
morally and by international law belongs to another, j
no one has undertaken to define. China has waged
war on none of them, but has stayed at home and
minded her own business. Yet the forcible over
throw "f her Government and the partition of her
are planned and the western nations are armed
i" tight it out with each other and throw cannon
shot like dice for property to which they have no j
legal nor moral claim.
So the disarmament phase of the Peace Conference !
i; not likely to get much consideration. But there is
,-> branch of the question, already suggested by Sir
Julian Pauncefote, the representative of Great Britain.
This goes to an agreement to mitigate the horrors of
war by defining clearly what shall be considered an
'• of war against an enemy. Formerly, in naval
warfare, many acts were permitted which now by in
ternational agreement are forbidden as piracy. This
was a great and humane step out of the unrestrained
cruelties of the past. Recent events have made it
necessary to take a similar step in regard to military
carnage on land. Slaughter of the wounded, killing
prisoners, using fire primarily as an agent of destruc
tion of human life, bombarding unfortified cities, i
shelling coasts and the shores of streams inhabited by
deh useless natives, resulting in the wholesale murder
omen and children, are all used as the means of
spreading terror and compelling a surrender of all
other rights as the price of the right to live.
The Peace Conference is between so-called Chris
tian nations, all of which send mi>sionaries to the
heathen, and whose Christian sects proselyte amorig
themselves, each regarding itself as the special custo
dian of the truths of Christianity and a promoter of !
the principle of peace on earth and good will toward
men. Their general professions of Christianity will
deserve more credit if they will follow what seems to ;
be the initial trend of sentiment in the conference, and
agree to do their killing of each other and of others
who, being defenseless and therefore most in need of
peace, are allowed no representatives in the Peace
Conference, without unnecessary cruelty. Xot much
attention has so far been given to the fact that none
of the Central and South American nations is per
\ niittcd a voice in this conference. Xot being per
: mitted to speak, they are evidently thinking, and the
frank proposition of Cecil Rhodes, that, being in
capable of resistance, their conquest shall be consid
ered a part of the white man's burden, forms the prin
cipal subject of their thoughts.
Some one has recently compared the United States
to the strong lion which, by a process of evolution
and for the purposes and pleasures of diet, destroys
j and assimilates to himself the weaker animals de
prived by nature of the means of defense. In this
view of it a meeting of lions and tigers, to consider
the paths of peace toward each other, would interest
the weaker animals only because it would probably
prevent a fight for the possession of their bodies after
they arc dead.
In any view of it. now is the time for the Christian
bodies of the world to impress upon the conference
j the need of defining more clearly the difference be-
I tween an act of war and common murder.
.11 i
Local cigar-dealer.-, and saloon-men insist that the
nickel-in-the-slot machines are not gambling devices.
Nobody ever said they were. The machines are
''sure thing" propositions for the dealers.
The Piutes may be ignorant savages, but they know
a percentage poker game when they see it. Is it not
possible that Justice of the Peace Groezinger could
be induced to join the tribe?
EDITORIAL VARIATIONS.
BY JOHN McNflUGhjT.
Not many people of the vast popula
tion of the United States ever heard
of Miss Helen Wright of San Jose, and
few therefore outside that cltv and the
beautiful valley that surrounds it gave
much if any heed to the recent an
nouncement of her death. To most who
read the brief notice sent out through
the Associated Press it was but tlv rec
ord of another woman gone, and that
was all. Nevertheless all California.
and perhaps it would be no exaggera
tion to say all the United States, suf
fered a loss by that death.
In comparison with the career of
noted women, Miss Wrightdn her work
at the State Normal School lived a se
cluded life; but the iniluence and the
issues of that life were not shut in by
any narrow seclusion. Her nature was
animated by what may be termed an
elemental spiritual force having power
to shine and to warm not only by di
rect rays, but by reflection from the
minds and the hearts of others; so that
from the pupils of the school and from
the circle of her friends, her exalting
and purifying influence was radiated
and spread, heaven alone knows how
far or how strongly, through all the
homes of this broad land of ours.
Miss Wright had n • public career vis
ible to the general eye, or audible to
the general ear, but Providence has or
dained that the blessings which fall
upon the lives of all f us come oft
times in ways of which we are not con
scious, and none can tell how much of
the good we gain from our experience
with the world hafe been rtup to per
sons we never knew, of \ mm -we never
heard, and the re- of whose death
is to us less notable than the fading of
a rose in our garden or the flying away
of a pinging bird from our window.
This much, then, is due this Sunday
morning by way of tribute to one Qf
the. most potent personal influences in
our commonwealth; a tribute which
may be taken in itself as a faint proof
that the twilight of that influence still
lingers on earth, though the radiant
spirit of the light itsci: has passed up
wnrd into the perfect day and van
ished in the infinite.
• • *
The heated controversy over the pub
lication of the love letters of Robert
and Elizabeth Barrett Browning, which
had begun to give way to other sub
jects of discussion in literary circles,
has been revived and fanned to a
fiercer heat than ever by a letter re
cently published in the London Stand
ard from C. J. Moulton-Barrett, the
only surviving brother of Mrs. Brown
ing. Th^ letter is of such brevity and
of such Interest to all who give any
heed to literary matters it is worth
reading in full. No digest could do it
justice. It runs thus:
"In spite of earnest protests. Mr.
Browning, with a want of delicacy
hardly conceivable, has published the
letters of his father and mother pre
vious to their "marriage. The careless
indifference of Mr. Kohert Browning,
'There they are, do with them as you
please when I am dead and gone,' was
no excuse for the sacrilege. His mother
would have been horrified. She loved
her father.
"The notices of the book have gen
erally been so cruelly unjust to my
father's memory that 1 consider it
my duty, as his eldest surviving son,
to relate the facts. My father acted
as his own merchant for his Jamaica
estates, and on that account went daily
to the city. He never met Mr. Brown
ing. He was aware of his visits, and
he regarded them, like the visits of
.Mips Mitford and Mr. Kenyon, as af
fording my sister pleasure. My sister
had been an invalid for years. By the
directions of Dr. Chambers her room
was kept at a certain temperature and
she never left it. Under these circum
stances my father lost his daughter.
He had laved her from her childhood.
He never recovered it. I venture to
say few fathers would take the hand
of a man who had so acted. And I
would add, few sons, either for gain
or love of notoriety, would make public
the confidential' letters of their mother.
Yours, etc.,
"C. J. MOULTON-BARRETT.
"Orove, Jacksontown, Jamaica,
March 30."
• * *
Concerning the charge made by Mr.
Moultnn-Barrett that the letters of his
sister and her lover do an injustice to
his father nothing can be paid by the
g. neral puhlic. That can be dealt with
only by those who know the facts. It
is a strictly family affair. The two
other points of the letter, however, are
as discussable as anything under the
canopy of heaven, and every human
being has full liberty to join in the de
bate and help to swell the hullaballoo.
The Question whether it is morally
rip lit for a man welcomed -into any
home to induce a daughter of that
home to elope with him in defiance of
a fuller's command raises the whole
of that world old controversy as to
whether love or duty has rightful par
amount authority over conduct; while
the other question of the right or
\»r uig of publishing to the world the
love letters and sweet private confi
dences of eminent people Involves a
determination of how far literary ait
ists are to be bound by- the conventional
moralities of private life. Either 'i"
tion is onf> over which even tha hast
talkative people may talk until they
are ready to fight, and yet never tighi
because they can never fit through
with all they have to say.
•* . *
It is to be noted that in his poems
.Browning always takes the side of love
against duty. In his creed, there are
no limitations or restrictions upon the
right of love to be sovereign lord of
life. He regarded happiness based
upon love as the thing of supreme value
to the soul, and maintained the right
of every individual to seek and seize
that happiness, no matter how many
other individuals he might have to
trample in the pursuit. Tennyson, as
all the world knows, held the opposite
view, and would say no more in de
fense of Launcelot than "His honor
rooted in dishonor stood and faith un
faithful made him falsely true."
Browning lived up to his creed. Tfp
practiced what he preached, and there
was happiness in his home whatever
there may have been \n old man Bar
rett's. It is after all as good a creed
as another, and if the path of those
who accent it be beset by Remorse
waiting for his prey, it is at any rate
free from the haunting of that ghost
Regret, which forever attends the
thoughts by day and the dreams by
night of those who have turned away
from the cup of joy when offered by
the hand of opportunity. Browning
moreover had the teaching of Blake to j
go UDOD :
Abstinence sows sand all over
'I'! • ruddy limbs and flaming hair;
But desire gratified
Plants, the rose and olive there.
* * *
As the controversy over the action of j
Robert Browning in persuading the !
daughter of his host to elope brings j
into the field of discussion two oppos- j
ing views of morality, so does that over j
the action of young Browning in pub- .
lishing the letters. There is the • mo- j
rality of common folks and the quite ;
different morality of genius in such ;
matters. Ordinary men and women
shrink from disclosing the issues of
their hearts to the public. Such a thing |
as .1 love letter most people regard as j
secret, and most would blush indeed j
"to find it fame." Genius takes an- j
other view of such things.
In the old days when painting was j
the supreme art of the world, the great
men who engaged in it did not hesitate
to use their daughters, their wives and |
their sweethearts as; models whether
they were going to paint a Madonna or
a Venus. The great masters of litera
ture in our time have followed the ex
ample. They have carried the prac
tice so far that Leslie Stephen declares: j
"Literature is in all cases a demoraliz
ing occupation. It is demoralizing be
cause its success implies publicity."
The aim of the poet is to give artis
tic expression to emotions common to
the race, and if he think he has done j
that better in a love letter than he ever
did in a poem he gives the lette • to the ,
world as a matter of course.
** . •
■While the great major" of men and
women, upholders of the sure morality
of duty and defenders of the privacy |
of the sweet confidences of love, will
condemn both Browing the elder who
ran away with the girl and Browning j
the younger who published their let- !
ters, it is worth noting that the wo
man in the case, Eli abeth Barrett, ap- .
proved of both actions. She was very
glad that Robert ran away with her,
arid she had no hesitation in telling her !
love affairs to all the world. ! .
The "Sonnets from the Portuguese" I
are nothing more than personal love
letters in the form or verse; and that j
famous one beginning, "First time he i
kissed me he but kis 1 the hand
wherewith I write these lines," is about
as open a confession of the first kisses
of love as could possibly be made. She
has left on record the declaration "the !
world has 1 right to the soul secrets"
of gifted pqople. Such a statement of |
course gave full approval beforehand '
to her son's action; and as for that of j
her husband in carrying her off from j
her father, she gave it emphatic and i
even rapturous approval in a letter to ■
him, in which she said: "Can I look,
back on such things and not thank you j
next to God."
This evidence of the complete satis
faction of the woman in the case ought !
to put an end to the controversy, for j
what was this world created for except i
the satisfaction of women? Ordinary |
.people are no doubt justified in feeling :
bashful about, their love .Letters, but;
they have no right to turn that.bash {
fulness into a code of. morals and try
to impose it upon the soaring singers of :
splendid songs — the lovers who write
of love without being silly.
* * *
There is of course never anything ;
new under the sun, for Solomon said
so, but we never lack for novelties;
and some of them have an appearance !
not only of newness, but even of fresh- >
ness. For example there has drifted
out to this part of the world a copy of
a London freak which has just begun j
publication. It bears the title The j
Eagle and the Serpent, and announces ,
Itself "A journal of egoistic philosophy !
and sociology."
It says' "a race of altruists is neces- j
sarily a race of slaves." It declares for I
war on the ground that any man who ;
is so big a fool as to, sacrifice himself !
for his country should be sent at once
to the slaughter and got rid. of. It as- 1 i
serts the. bane of our civilization is the
altruism of women, their ever ready
willingness to sacrifice themselves, and j
adds: "No egoistic woman will give a j
gift unless she has received one of |
equal value. She will make no one
happy unless she is made happy like
wise. This just and wise doctrine will i
act as a beautifier on women of all !
ages. The young will be made more j
beautiful and those. advanced in years j
will be rejuvenated."
Proceeding to the task of revising the ]
words of the ancients and the wise, the !
egoistic philosopher declares David !
should have said, "I have been young i
and I am old and I have never seen j
the righteous do anything but beg
bread"; quotes with approbation !
Heine's saying, "I will forgive my ene
mies when 1 see them all hanging from !
the tree in my back yard," and. has the J
audacity to suggest that Jesus should '
have said to the sinner. "Neither do I j
condemn thee; go and do it again."
* ' * ::■:■■•'-;■;
From (he high poetic egotism of
Browning's belief 'that every human
creature has a divine right to love and j
happiness wherever they are to be I
found to the blatant screed from Lon- !
don is a long stride: and yet they are •
of a kin. Fortunately it is a big, wide ;
world and there is room enough in it!
for all kinds, I do not know that the j
welfare of the good and 'he beautiful
and the wise absolutely requires the
elimination from the face of the earth
of anything that now exists—
embalmed beef and Governor Gage.
* * *
When Collis P. Huntington in the
flush of his hospitality said virtually to I
his guests at his banquet the other |
evening, "The weakiv of the people;
of this country is caused by too much :
education — look at your university '
graduates and then look at me," he !
doubtless thought he was announcing a j
wisdom never before uttered by man, j
but he wasn't. .Several ages ago a j
Lombard barbarian who had overrun
Northern Italy said much the same
thing. A certain nohk approached that '
magnate one day, when he was in a
good humor after dinner and massacre, j
and advised him to set up a school in
which young Lombards could be taught
how to read. "Got out, you fool," said I
the conqueror; "what's the good of an
education? You can read and I can't,
but 1 have licked you once and I can
lick you again."
That is the way the br Marians rea
soned {Luring what! is known as the
dark nsf*s. All the world knows, how
ever, that in the course of time the
Lombards learned to read and write
and do several sums in arithmetic, and
it is therefore reasonable to expect Mr. •
.Huntington will .be eventfully ed i. i
cated. Of course it would be futile to
hope for his enlightenment in this life,
for he is too old and his ignorance i<j
too extensive to be explored a. I en«A
up in the years that remain to hinj,
but with an eye of benevolent faith w<?
may see him. provided with an educa
tion in the world to come, even if he
has to go through an all-fired hot time
to get-it.
* * *
San Francisco has begun many me .
umental undertakings in times past,
but few of them have accomplish^
even so much as the erection of grave
stones to mark where they lie buri* A.
In the movement now started to rais?
a monument to Dewey there Is a chanr..
to 'achieve a work which will not only
redeem the past, but adorn the future.
No place is better f.-.-Hl to be the f:>a
of a commanding memorial to the h< --ro
of the epoch-marking victory of Ma:
nila Bay, and not one of our nation's
great heroes is more worthy of hold
ing the place of honor here; for ho it
is who has won the irst triumph in a
mighty movement which is to give
America- paramount authority over the
Pacific Ocean and make this city the
chief port of that ocean's commerce
The monument and the site are there
fore appropriate to one another, ami
this is the appropriate time to crown,
the one with the glory of the other in
order that it may serve to bear wit
ness to posterity ■ the liberality a:.
the loyalty of this generation.
rr~r~ ~ — • *%
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
C. L. Canfield, general agent of the Chi
cago, Milwaukee and St. Paul Railroad,
arrived last night from Chicago.
jimp. Yacco and Otto Kawakami. th«
two distinguished representatives of the
Japanese stage, arrived at the Palace lasi
night. .' .*.' •
J. A. Filmore returned yesterday a:
a tour of inspection of Southern and Cen
tral Pacific properties as far east as
Op on.
Harry M. Bunker, a former journalist
of this city, arrived from New York yes
terday. He will spend some weeks visit
ing relatives here.
Lord and Lady Chichester of Ireland
are guests at the Palace, having just ar
rived from the Orient, where they hay«
made an extended visit.
Dr. Robert C. Beebe. a medical mission
ary connect with the Methodist Epis
copal church at Nanking, China, is at the
Occidental with his family.
F. Wolff of the ship-building firm of
Wolff & Zwicker of Portland is a guest
at the Occidental. He is accompanied by
his company's superintendent, Fred A.
Ballin.
Christopher Gardner, recently English
Consul at Amoy, China, was a passenger
on the Gaelic and is at the Palace. He
has resigned the "office in which he madcl
himself exceedingly popular. "^
Rev. Eyre Chattc-rton of the Dublin
University, Trinity College Brotherhood,
is at the Occidental. He .comes from
China, where he was connected with the
Society for the.Propagation of the Gospel.
Count Spec, who was an aid de camp to
Prince Henry on Emperor William's flag
ship Deutschland, now in Chinese waters
is at the Palace. He is on his way horn?
and is accompanied by F. Diefenbach ol
Stuttgart, Germany.
Rev. Dr. J. W. Carlin'and Rev. F. M.
Haggard, two missionaries respectively of
Swatow, t China,- and Assam, arrived from
the Orient on- the Gaelic yesterday and
are at the Occidental. They have come
to attend the approaching Baptist con
vention to be held in this city.
Colonel John C. Kirkpatrick, managei
of the Palace Hotel, left yesterday ■'mow
ing for a tour of the big cities Of the
East. Colonel Kirkpatrick's visit is not
so much for pleasure as for business, the
chief object of his trip being to look into ,
plans for the proposed theater to be built
into the Palace Hotel. He will visit all of
the best playhouses of the East and will
pay especial attention to those conducted
in conjunction with hotels. He will be
absent about a month.
-, '. ■ ♦ ■ - ;
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW TORK, May 20.— Victor D. Solo
mon of San Francisco is at the Marlbor
oush. Thomas Costigan and wife of Sar^
Francisco are at the Grenoble. Mi
ll. McCaleb ol San Francisco is at the
Gilsey. John McKenzie, wife and daugh
ter. O. McWhinney of San Francisco. Mrs.
J^rank Brown and Miss Annie Adams-
Brown of Pasadena hailed on the Cam
pania for Liverpool to-(iay.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, May Jacob Sela
and wife and H. Hellman and family of
San Francisco are at the Shoreham.
■ ♦ ■ . .
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
OLD COlNS— Reader, Oakland, Cal. As
your letter of inquiry does not give tne
dates of the United States coins asked
about it is impossible to state if they
command a premium.
THE HOSPITAL. CORPS— Subscriber,
Benicia. Cal. To enter the Hospital
Corps of the United States Army make
application by letter or in person to the
Army Headquarters, Phelan Building,
San Francisco.
LAGER BEER— W. D.. Oakland. Cal.
There are records of beer being brewed
and stored in Germany in the thirteenth
century. Lager beer Is properly beer that
has been kept in. store (lager) for some
time prior to use as a v. rage.
CRIME IN THE UNITED STATES-
A. EL, City. Crime in the United States
is gauged each census year by the num
ber of prisoners in penal Institutions. In
1850 there were 200 prisoners to ■every
1,000,000 population; 1860. 607; 1870, 553; 1880
1169, and in 1890, 752.
MRS. BRUNNER— Inquirer. This de
partment has not been able to discovjp
the present address f the widow of if??
late Dr. "W. H. Bruhner. Can any corre
spondent of this department enlighten the
correspondent? The lady at one time was
a contributor to the San Francisco press.
TO PATENT AN ARTICLE— B. B.
City. If you desire to secure a patent foi
some article you have invented place the
matter in the hands of a reputable at
torney who mnkos a • peeialty of attend
ing to. the securing ■•'■' patents. It will
save you a groat -!<-'! of time and trouble
and you will avoid the possibility of mis
takes.
THE ai.mv AND :UK HICKS— R. N.
Colgate, I. T. Tho ll.'lon W. Almy
bound from S:»n Fmnoiseo to Prince Wil
liam Sound, with thirty gold-hunters on
board for Ihe Cnpp r River district, was
capsized off l'ntiu Reyes; Cal., April 1?
or 20 ? VIS AH >m\ hoard were lost. Tlu
Andrew n-. ;, loft San Francisco on 8
whaling cmliMN January 2'">. 1898, and noth-
Ing has been heard of her since. ;
AN a*;i:!' PARENT J. F. P., City
If your father is a resident of England, 7'
years of age, unable to read or write, and
without money, yet you wish to have hire
come to this city that you may provide
him a home, you will have to make ar
rangements with some one who will de
liver to him the ticket you propose tc
send and then make arrangements wit!
some one in New Pork who will receiv*
him and see to his transportation front
that point to this .it.v. Under the condi
tions, if he should attempt to come alone
he might not be able to explain his posi
tion properly and he might be senf bad
as one liable to become a charge on tht
community. - >
«^ -f
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a. 1
»♦ • —
Special information supplied daily tc ,<,
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (.Allen's), 510 Mont- '
Btmiery street. Telepnone Main iMIL *PATTCSIEN'S
The San Jose Daily Mercury,
I the leading- journal of the great
Santa Clara Valley, speaks in
the following- glowing terms of
a well-known San Francisco
house - furnishing- establish-
ment:
GREAT AND
GLORIOUS NEWS
GOOD TIMES ARE COMING!!!
A Wave of Prosperity,
Which will reach every home in the en-
tire Santa Clara Valley, will roll in
upon us as a mighty flood in a few
weeks' time.
An event will take place in San Jose
which will mark a stage of progress in
its history and be remembered for |
many years to come.
THE PATTOSIEX COMPANY,
One of the largest retailers of house
furnishings and carpets in California.
I have leased the large building formerly
known as the Rucker building, now
Victory Theater building, on First
street, between St. John and Santa
Clara, and will establish a branch of
their famous San Francisco Great Two-
Acre Store.
The blessings of their advent will per-
colate the entire valley and enter every
home and be felt in every domestic
sanctuary, for the firm is known as
THE GREAT PRICE CUTTERS.
The residents of San Jose and the
valley will be able to buy up-to-date
STRICTLY SAN FRANCISCO CUT
RAI -
Without the trouble and expense of an
extra hundred miles of travel. The ad- j
vantage will be brought to their very
doors.
Not alone for its low prices Is the firm :
justly celebrated; that is but a circum-
stance to the superb quality and artis-
tic taste of their wares nor the endless
variety to suit the inclination and
means of all classes.
Watch with both eyes for the open- '
ing, about the Ist of Jane. Th. date
will be announced in the local press.
It will be an event ta be remembered :
for the opening cerero€hies!
Children, watch out: There will be i
a festival for the girls and boys.
Nothing done by halves by the Pat- !
Msien Company except the prices.
FATHER SASIA
TO RETURN
FROM ITALY
The Noted Jesuit On
His Way Home.
mosl pr iminent Jesuit? in the
■
' ■ : irn to this city,
:n religious and charitable cir-
Ity to the
tor Father
■ ■
wned Jesuit Intimately
that he h
m spot in his heart for this clt
■ ■:■■■
: his home here. Fathi - -
rive in thi
the end of June and the
. The exact time when he
• • ely knowj
ng the Jesuit
Sasia was
ir riving th<
: Provincial of the
Turin, in Italy. This hiph
■ 5
■ onal ability
' . : the brightest men in
•intment as Pro
■■' Turin the Rev
Fat: - . me j n
■
: with gladness amonjr the
8 isla besides
Jesuit
- in the
v rat-s. Slgna!
Jackson Pioneer Gone
JACKSON, May 20.— Benjamin F. Richt
■ an Axnador pioneer and for the last
• ara Wells-Farg
■.. eeks. He wa
of the Jackson water works.
DISTINGUISHED
BAPTISTS ARE
COMING HERE
Will Participate in a
Big Raliy.
Among the hundreds of Baptists who
are en route to this city to participate in
the anniversaries of the National Baptist
© ♦ .♦-♦.♦• ♦ -..- ♦ ■• ■ -♦ j ♦-#
#♦•♦•♦ l .♦•♦•♦.
■ - wl Ich are to be held h.T. i
\\.-. k are some of the most distinguished
S, writers and orators of the
•ry.
«.< v. (..•.•rfr. i . i.nnmer. 1). L).. pastor ol
the Tremi i .>f Uost.m. Is among
which is rapidly Bearing
San r [t is said h<- preaches to
the largest audience in New Kngland and
n as .i pulpit orator second
to none in the I'nited States. He has iust
seen completed a $600,000 church, which
accommodate his large
gatiop. Dr. Lorimer will probably
the annual sermon before- the mis
- on Sunday. May 28. The
ter oi some large hall will
be engaged for the. occasion.
Among the other visitors in the party
are: Genera] T. J. Morgan, LL.D.. -
tary of the Home Mission Society. He
was a briga ral In the Civil War.
ai d was Indian Commissioner under Pn --
■ : H<_- is the author of a
imber of books on education and socl
ogy.
: B. Hulbert, D.D.. dean of the
vinity school of the University of Chi
LAST WEEK
OF OUR
Reorganization Sale
More than once during the progress of our
REORGANIZATION SALE (the fourth and last
week of which opens to-morrow, Monday, morn-
ing) we have gratefully expressed to our friends
and the public our appreciation of the generous
patronage extended to our establishment.
It is now our pleasure to reiterate those
acknowledgments and to assure our patrons that
from to-morrow until the close of the SALE on
May 31st inst., we will continue to offer positive
bargains in all the lines of stock from which they
have been so liberally purchasing.
[f ' Murphy Building-, Jf
Market and Jones Streets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 189fl).
cago and former pastor of the First Bap
tist Church of this city, will participate
fn the discussions at the coming confer
on c» .
Rev. A. H. Strong. D.D.. LL.D., presi
dent of the Rochester Theological Sem
inary and author of "Systematic The
ology," "The Great Poets and Their The
ology" and other famous works, will be
an important tactor in the convention.
Rev. P. s. Henson. D.D.. pastor of the
First Church, Chicago, who has become
known to Che members ojl his denomina
tion throughout the country as an editor,
lecturer an,d pulpit wit. will be welcomed
l>y friends and admirers.
Rev. i>r. Faunce, pastor of Ihe Fifth
irch, New York, aud preach' r
at Harvard University, is coßuik. ;is are
also Rev. Dr. Storehouse, recording sec
retary of the Home Missionary Society;
Rev. Dr. Kerr Boyer Tupper of '.he First
Church. Philadelphia: Hon. Robert O.
duller, president ol the American tsaptist
Missionary Union; Rev. H. C. Mabie,
D.D.. secretary ol the Missionary Union:
Rev. H. M. King of the First Church,
Providence. R. 1.. and Robert J. Burdeiic
the famous wit and lecturer.
The visitors will bo welcomed to thia
city by Rev. E. A. Woods of the First
Baptist Church of this city, where tho
anniversaries are to be held. Dr. Woods
Is tne of tbree brothers who were Tradn
from Colgate University and tho
Hnmilton Theological Seminary, and each
of whom received the degree of ducior o!
divinity from that uuiversitr. He h.is
l.t , i: pastor in Providence. R. 1.. Paterson.
N. J.. and Cleveland, Ohio. H<-> came from
Philadelphia and became pastor cf the
First Baptist f'hurch a year ago.
The ppeclal train from Boston an-1 ether
Eastern cities is expected to reach this
city Tuesday . vening at 6;30 o'clock. The
in'.tial meeting inaugurating the arnlver
saries of the several societies will be held
on the following day. The men have mag
r.animouslv assigned to the women the
first place on the programme. Meetings
■will bo held in the First Baptist Church
n i'iiv street, near Jones, and at the
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium on Ellis Btreet,
r of Mason. It is expected that del
- fp-m nil portions of the State will
begin to pour into the city to-day.
Switchman Hayes Died.
Dennis T. Hayes, the switchman who
was crushed between two freight cars
in this city on May /. died in St. Mary's
Hospital yesterday morning of his in
juries. An inquest will be held.
THOMAS E. FLYNN IS
NOW A BENEDICT
J The Wasp's Editor and tfoe Bpide He I
I Has Won. !
o o
"t g— .— 3HOMAS E. PLTNN, the well-known editor and owner of the "U*a?p, 4
was married last evening to Miss Jennie B. Henderson, one of O
O San Francisco's brightest .md most popular young ladies. The cere- "♦•
■♦- 1^ mony was performed at Mr. Flynn's handsome new home at 2o ( j Va- O
O lencia street by K> v. \V. A. M. Breck. rector of St. John's Church. ♦
■*" The fact that "Tom" has been contemplating marriage :ias been known to °
9 himself for some months past. Mrs. Xl; an says sh>> knuw of it. too, but q
never a word has the bridegroom given out to his friends. They got the news .4.
only at the eleventh hour and a coterie of them hurried out to his home o
O last night just in time to witness the pretty ceremony and wish Mr. Flynn ■♦
+ and his wife all sorts of happy futures and offer heartiest congratulations. O
O To his friends of the press the news of Mr. Flynn's marriage came as the
*♦" greatest surprise. He was relegated to bacheldordom and ihe tripod at least
O half a dozen >• us agb and was considered among the incurables. Those who _
+ met his wife last evening, however, are ready to forgive iiim. A charming »
O woman, she has .K-.-n for six years secretary of the Wasp Publishing Com- T
"*" pany and by her unusual ability has contributed largely to Mr. Flynn's
° mark>'l success as a publisher. J
•♦" Among those who "walked in" on the happy couple at the last moment last a
O night were the following: Mr. and Mrs. Joseph McKenna, Judge WjHl.im P. T
■♦■ Lawlor, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Kenvtlle, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas L. Henderson,
o Mr. and Mrs. J. H. O'Brien, Mrs. W. Lynch, Mr. ami Mrs. j. F. Forster, Rev. o
W. A. M. Breck, Miss L. R. Henderson, John M. Henderson, Mr. and Mrs.' >
+ Garret. McJSnerney, Louts Rosenthal. O
EXHIBITION OF
THE CALIFORNIA
CLUB BEGINS
Successful Displays of
Arts and Crafts.
The California Club Inaugurated last
night one of the most successful exhibi
tions of arts and crafts that have ever
adorned the walls or covered the floor
space of the Mechanics' Pavilion art pal
lory. The lady patronesses are to be con
gratulated for the artistic ordering and
distribution of tho contributed exhibits,
which till the large hall from end to end.
In the afternoon the club, which num
bers among Its members the most prom
inent society women of this city, held a
reception. Tea was served in the Japan-;
ese Garden, after which came an inspec
tion of the exhibits. The formal opening
was not until the evening, when society,
with a few lovers of art and the tin^r
handicrafts, promenaded the gallery for
two hours or listened to the literary and
musical programme.
There was spme spoech-making and
singing by way of formal Inauguration.
John P. Irish acted an chairman and gen
eral announcer. Following him Mayor
Phelan spoke of the arts as a civilizing
factor and paid a glowing tribute to the
ladles who devised the exhibition. Irving
M. Scott, W. F. Dohrmahn and President
Denicke of the Mechanics' Institute con
tinued in the same strain, showing the
necessity for just such exhibitions and
the good wrought by them. Miss Isella
Van Pelt's singing called for several en
cores and was one of the most pleasing
features of the evening.
The exhibit embraces a variety of art
works and the finer crafts. The entird
north wall is covered with drawings, ar
chitectural designs and graphic illustra
tions of various arts. The exhibits of the
newspapefrs attracted a great deal of at
tention, the work of the local pen and ink
artists being much admired. Ranging
from- grotesque caricatures to tragic
themes the sketches show the many sides
of life from the newspaper artist's stand
point.
The pottery exhibit, under the charge of
Mrs. William Irclan, is another entertain
ing feature of the display. Sculptor Etob
ertsen. surrounded by excerpts of th^
Rubaiyat, works at his clay and molds
his creations in full view.
The leather, tapestry and lace exhibits
as well as the keramie contributions draw
crowds to their special lodgments. Bas
ket work of Indian pattern, carpet weav
ing and silk manufacturing help to di
vide the interest of the spectators.
On the southern wall there are a num
ber of poker etchings which do not es
cape the eye of the watchful. One par
ticularly, "The Crucitixion, " by Mrs. Solly
Walter, is pronounced a remarkable
piece of burn etching. There are many
other beautiful exhibits— photographic,
sculptural and what are included under
the generic term of tine arts— all of which
make a beautiful ensemble effect.
The exhibition committee of the Cali
fornia Club, through whose efforts the
present exhibition has been brought about,
is as follows: Mrs. George H. Ripley
(chairman). Mrs. W. EL Mills. Mrs. J. H.
Jewett. Mrs. A. R. Cotton, Mrs. Arthur
Cornwall and Mrs. A. D. Sharon.
The gallery will be open this morning
and afternoon, but no special programme
has been prepared. This wf>ek a business
bureau will be established for the sale of
the various exhibits.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. N^onan. 1017-1023 Mission.
■ ♦ .
Bumped His Head.
Hcnrj' "Webb, the cook of the bark
Alaska, and an old English soldier who
• soars from many Indian and Egypt
lan battles, tripped over a rope While
boarding his vessel at Mission wharf yes
terday afternoon and fell between the
ship and the duck into the bay. His h>-;toi
struck a floating pile, rr-nd.ring him un
ius, and it was with difficulty that
he was hauled on shore. H ( was "taken
to the Harbor Receiving Hospital, where
it was found that his injuries were slight.
Advance? made on furniture and pianos, with
or without rem.ival. J. N'oi -nan, 1017-1023 Mission
Stole a Number of Pigeons
Ernest Gibson, a colored boy, was ar
rested yesterday by Detectives Crockett
and Dillon and Policeman Tracey and
charged with burglary.
Several .lays ago. it is claimed. Gibson
raided the pigeon coop in the rear of the
residence of Julius. Lagrange In Hayes
valley and stole about fifty pigeons. "He
Bold the pigeons to a grocer at Fifth and
Mission streets, where they were found
by the detectives.
Gibson is also accused of stealing
pigeons from George Siebe of 1417 Fulton
street. Several months ago the Drlsoner
was arrested for breaking a large win
dow in a shoe store on Fourth street for
the purpose of robbery. As the crime
could not I-' proved against him he was
discharged after an examination in the
Police Court.
o'<>O •O•O• O r O ; O <•• O ; O'Or'O' O<s>O4>O <£o<s'o<i>o<S>o-$-o<s> O <$• O•OiO•O•Oi O • O ; O • O • O ■• O •O•• O <S> O <$• 0-&o4>o<s>o^>o<g>o
9 A • ■ ■■„_ - ,^_^ \ I
[A SURE CURE j
i FOR WEAK MEN !
1 -v I
8 ' . . «,>. %
i Men Who Are Broken Down in Nerves and r-^'^ys °
| Lacking Strength Can Depend on Jt J^ffl I
I Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt to ( tWg §
| Cure When Everything Else Fails. \/r |
g When your neighbor says it cured him, when you know that --^**"^ \ %
o over 10,000 men have been restored by it, you must have confidence f ""\v> -•'*" v ♦
oin this wonderful Belt. If you have failed in other means that is no f \. ' i, ] %
° argument against it, for nine out of ten of its cures were made after VV" N-v i J o
° all else had failed. It pours vitality into the nerves and muscles, ■■ s^^"^ / %
o restoring the wasted power, and it must cure. >-' ' - > /y %
% The Daily Cure r^s=i^^F I
> DR. M. A. McI.AUGHLIN'-Dear Sir: .*«- .T-^~^-"--"^^^ £
O About three months apo I commenced th» use nf your Belt, having suffered from \- '' ■•' JBp
<•£ pain in the back and general debility, as well as weakness and loss of appetite, for I _, "-" >VV^P*Ja| °
q " several years. The pain in my back was so severe—^specially if I sat upon a chair I - ' > UTi/'.^"^K^\Vt.\
,3. and suddenly arose— it felt as if my back was breaking in two. I wore the Belt as Vrr^^>-Z^C^\. \V%»%? O
Z. you advised and in ten days b» pan to feel a general improvement in all my symptoms. iH^^^A %^ ->«^Hl ♦
" and now I can say that I am entirely cured. My appetite and Rpneral health have Xt^r^f^^Z^SKSSU^. ■ °
'*' also improved. I will cheerfully recommend the Belt to all sufferers. >&'Tww*-^4S*&l£mß» <5>
O ' C. L. DRIEFER. 828 Minnesota St.. San Francisco, Cal. °
I Stop Drugging and Try It. S W|H I
*> If you are weak and failing try it to-day. It costs less than 'Hs^- °
° half the ordinary doctor bill and is ten times more effective, as it f^ \ °,
% saturates the weak parts with its vitalizing power. It checks all ' f.X^~ ' I f $
%■ drains ; upon the system and brings the nerves up to a vigorous I I -•— I I o
standard. It positively cures all weakness of men, nervousness and "A "v***"*- / I °
o kindred ailments. - \ v~- /If o
! Call or Send for My Book, "Three Classes of Men." V\ /7/ /J
■» This tells about it. and give; hundreds of grateful letters. If 41* II O
4 This tells about it and give> hundreds of grateful letters. If I > V (I
° you are a weak man read it. Sent free, sealed, on application. If I V^/ M °
'%. possible, call and examine the Belt and test it, free. V \ i* o
*' nil Ifl ■ 11^1 AimiHl&l 702MartetSt., Cor.Kearny, S. P. send for my book %
° UK M & MPIQIIUHMN And Cor. Spring and Second Sts., Los Angeles. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN" ?
O Hill Ifll 111 lflllL.nUUllLl|l| Office Hours— Ba.m. t08;30p.m.; Sundays, lOto I. it is MAILED FREE. o
. 7
Oo<s-O<S>o<So^>o^o O -S>D <J>O<S>O^O<3>o'^O<S>O<®'o<»O'S>O<^O'S>O <$> O •$> O <S>O<s'O^O'^O<S>O-5 O^O^O^O-^O^O <J> O <$► O <S>O<S>O'sO<s>O<S>O'§ Q
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MUNYON'S INHALER
/
THE GREATEST DISCOVERY
OF THE AGE.
Cures Catarrh, Colds, Coughs, Asthma,
<\ Bronchitis and All Throat
\\ and Lung Diseases, and
V\ KILLS GRIP GERMS
if" !| ■ Wi, CLOUDS OF MEDICATED AIR
i j| \\ 1 I ||' fire inhaled through the rrjouth and emitted
iiL j^t Ji %^sk fron) the nostrils, cleansing and vaporizing all
\ Ipfe^ v^t^P j|j the inflamed iind diseased parts which
\t = $h=ss | U*^ lij cannot be reached diseased parts which
__ lillJUsj 1 !]? cannot be reached by roedicine ta^en into
-■Hfcpf" iiife^ the storoach.
COME AND SEE IT. COME AND TRY IT.
It Costs Nothing to Test It.
PRICE, with all medicines complete, $1.00
THE GRANT DRUG CO., THE BALDWIN PHARMACY,
Cor. Stevenson. 28 and 40 Third Street. Press Club Buildin?. 119 and 121 Ellis Street,
DOCTORS ENDORSE IT. EVERYBODY PRAISES IT.
17,557 Sold in Chicago in Three Weeks I
Cast Aside All Other Medicines and Treatments for
Twenty-four Hours and Give This New System a Trial.
It permeates every air passage.
And at once destroys the disease germs.
It cures through medicated and vitalized air.
It is an invigorating tonic to the vital forces.
You are not confined to the mere odor of a remedy.
You obtain the remedy itself applied directly to the ailment.
It positively cures Catarrh and diseases of the nasal organs.
It positively cures diseases of the throat and lung^.
It enables you to cure yourself at home.
It is a powerful yet harmless antiseptic.
It is as easy to breathe as the common air.
It renders unnecessary any cutting, burning or cauterizing.
It destroys at once the bacilli of bronchitis and consumption.
Its use is followed immediately by a sense of relief.
It enables you to save big doctor's fees.
It is the most rational treatment known.
It makes you feel like a new person.
HASTINGS COLLEGE.
Alumni Takes Action Looking Toward
Broad Measures.
The regular annual meeting of the Al- '.
umni Association o.f Hastings College of
Law was held Saturday afternoon. May j
20, ISO 9, In the assembly-room of the Par- |
rott building. The following officers were j
elected for the ensuing year: President, |
Frank P. Deering: first vice president, j
Charles W. Willard; second vice presi- j
dent. James H. Carey; secretary, Leon- i
ard Stone; treasurer .'Walter Scott Brann;
councilors — Charles AY. Slack. Louis de
F. Bartlett and Maxwell McXutt.
The following were appointed a commit
tee for devising ways and means for in
creasing the membership, securing funds
and providing permanent quarters for the '
association: John S. Drum, S. M. Van j
Wyek, Louis de P. Bartlett. Charles A. j
Adams and Sanford Feigenbaum.
The following were appointed a com- '
mittee for the purpose of receiving and
Investigating any reported professional
misconduct on the part of any member
of the bar In this city and county:
Charles W. Slack. Henry L*. Brandeh
steln. A. T. Barnett. George H. Cabaniss
and Charles W. Willard.
The meeting was well attended, and
the matters presented brought out
profitable discussion and resulted in
a determination on the part of all pres
ent to inaugurate the custom of having
monthly meetings, where matters of in
terest to the bar and the general public
will be debated.
■ ♦ ■
Sign Painters Injured.
\\ hile painting a nign in front o£ Cow
en's store at Sl3 Market street last even
ing J. J. Undsworth and George H. Rice
fell from the staging on which they were
seated to the sidewalk.
Undsworth sustained contusions of both
feet, while Rice received a contusion of
the scalp. Both men were treated at the
Receiving Hospital.
78
FOOTE AND TRUMAN
FOR PARIS MISSION
GAGE HONORS
» DEWIOCRftT
Appointment That Wins
Approval.
RUCKER IS TURNED DOWN
detiance hurled at major
Mclaughlin.
Joseph L. Maude of Riverside Se
lected by the Executive for
State Highway Com
missioner.
h to The Call.
0 Ma: - '■ ernor
• .
uman
of Los Commii si
ir the
■ ■ A.S
s nt.s
■ W . \V. I
v i a Republican from Northern (
:
: ■
Sa muel Rui k( r >f
rk L. McDonald of -
■
Dei ■ introl
r is the pi
with 'lo
the admin I r no moi
■
grant
i em
■
i ■ ms. The
.
:ir>
• m ■
said
now Wondering whether
i
• t the
■
\Y. W • :s miill
ie money.
■ th« ni'-st
:
•in tO
State's
-
■
Pai have
■
th, is
■
......
■
n 1 ruman
in
■
■ i the appr. priation."
SAILOR TOM SHARKEY
DROPS INTO TOWN
TALKS OF THE COMING BIG
SLUGGING MATCH.
-
Frankly Says He Thinks Fitzsim
mons Will Win in Ten Bounds
or Be Beaten.
Tom Sharkey. the disputed champion
heavy-weight pugilist of the world, ar
rived last evening on the overland from
Chicago.
Sharkey states th'nt his mission to Cali
fornia is one of pleasure and business anil
that he will leave for New York in time
to witness the twenty-five round contest
between "Bob" Fitzsimmons and "Jim"
Jeffries, the big heavy-weight who got a
decision over Sharkey in this city about
a year ago. Sharkey has since that time
tried every -means of getting a return
match with Jeffries, but has always met
with a refusal.
Speaking of the contest between Jef
fries and Fitzsimmons, Sharkey said: "I
am satisfied that Jeffries will get a square
deal and that the best man will win. 1
am of the opinion that If Fitzsimmons
cannot stop Jeffries in ten rounds the
champion of Los Angeles will defeat him.
But you must understand that Fitzsim
mons is a wonder and can administer ter
rific punishment while his strength pre
vails, and if Jeffries can stand the ham
mering he is certainly bound to receive in
the early stages of the game he will as
suredly surprise me.
"I don't th'.n't thnt 'Fltz 1 has snnc
back any, and if he is as good a man to
day as when he fought me 1 should ccr
i^iiily say that no will retire from the
ring with colors flying."
Snarkey will leave for Vallejo on Mon
day to see his old friends, but will return
to this city prior to his departure for New
York, as he Is desirous of being at the
ringside to challenge the winner for the
heavy-weight championship of the world,
which title he contends rightfully belongs
to himself, he having whipped the best
men in the profession.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"77"
i ■•,'.
COLDS
Where Tourists will find
Dr. Humphreys' Specifics.
England, 83 Mortimer ' St., London.
France, 32 Rue Etlenne Mattel, Paris.
4 Avenue Massena, Nice.
16 Place dv Palais de Justice, Reims.
Belgium, 58 Rue de la Montague. Brusssel*.
Portugal, 114 Etna do Arsenal, Lisbon.
150 Praca D. Pedro Oporto.
Brazil. 32 Rua Goncalves Was, Rio.
Argentine. 44G Calle Florida, Buenos Ayres
Canada, 433 St. Paul St., Montreal, and in
every City, Town and Hamlet In the Unit-
ed States and Canada, and in Mexico,
Central America and the West Indies.
Cut this out and save for reference.
Sp.ciii. ..o. 23 Cur:s S;a-Sickness*.
At drugßlnts or sent prepaid; 25c. & $1 .CO.
Dr. Humphreys' Manual of all Diseases at
your Druggist's or Mailed Free.
Humphreys' Medicine Co., Cor. William &
jl»v.. «.'»«_ *j»w Tor**- '
W. W. FOOTE, Appointed Commissioner
to the Paris Exposition.
; Joseph T. Maude of Riverside was to-
Hiahwaj Commissii
I stroniriv Indorsed by engineers of
■ hisDetition bore the names
te and nis petition Don .n n.un..
•■: a majority oi the m, t the Leg-
islature. 11. was active In lobbying tor
the- creation ol iv some y< -
ld was one of the thr. i -
[ginaJly appointed, but was not re-
i ommlssioned by G<
The ' ISlStlng of
tnrec . - out Of
existence and the work projected Is to
itgotng Con ■
Marstlen Manson, J. R. Price and Will
The State allowance for complet-
ing the work Is not large, bui the Call-
fornia Highway Comm
■ with Fed-
■ \ enditure of
money appropriated by th< - ati ■I
irveys and '
Mr. Maude, thr ugh - -
ator B
: i.-f..!-. th. - t
divided the Leg -
Much en-
Pennsylvania,
it [a believed ■ has made
up hi.- mind to '■ John C.
-1 Turner adjutant g< I
D. M. Burns h ceived his
commission from the G ■
Sen-
F! Mr. Qage has an-
- ■ ■
[ticians. Extra
talk in Sacramento,
as published In the
rd-Unlon yesterday:
The
epted. In i ist ca tlepub- '
OFFICIAL PLUMS
ILLEGALLY GIVEN
Gage Did Not Observe
the Law.
SACRAMENTO, May 20.— 1t is re
ported here to-night that Attorney
General Ford has rendered to Governor
an opinion wherein he declares,
in effect, that a number of appoint
ments made by Governor Gage since
the adjournment of the last Legislature
are Illegal, it will be remembered that
Governor Gage withdrew a list of ap
pointmenta made by Governor Budd,
his predecessor, and submitted to the
te for its ratification. Gage failed
to substitute a new list before the final
adjournment of the Legislature and
since then has made new appointments
for the#e offices, which Include the
Trustees of the Normal schools and the
Commissioners of the State Depart
ment of Highways.
It is said that the opinion prepared
by the Attorney General holds that,
these vacancies having occurred prim
to or during th^ legislative session, it
was the duty of Governor Gage, under
the constitution, to have filled them in
season so that the Senate might have
i upon them. The ■ pinion con
tends, so it is stated, that all appoint
ments made by the Governor should be
ed; ratified by the session of the Legis
lature Immediately following, and
further in effect that it is not the in
tention of the law that each Governor
on taking office shall have the power
to withdraw a list of appointments
made by his predecessor without fol
lowing them with a substitute list, to
be acted upon by the Legislature at the
session before which the original list
was submitted.
Firt Destroys a Barn.
WOODLAND. May 29.— A fire was dis-
red In a big barn on the Wolfskin
i farm, five miles southeast of Woodland,
about hall cloak Friday evening.
[n less than live minutes the barn, twen
ty tons ol hay, a lot ol harness and farm
: ing Implements were destroyed. Six
mules were rescued from the burning
I building with much difficulty, A fine two
•old Red Iron colt was suffocated be
in- could ). and was burned
to death. A lot of straw In an adjoining
c iii losure caught fire and two horses In
the enclosure were ho badly Injured by
the intense that they may die. Tho
■ total '"ss v.-hi probabl} reach $4000. The
i origin of the tire is unknown.
Fruit-Pickers Needed.
WOODLAND. May 20.— There promises
i to be work in the fruit orchards of Yolo
• County for all the men. women and chil
dren who will take such employment. In
deed, present applications indicate that
the supply will nothing like equal the de
mand and the fruit-growers may find
themselves confronted with a serious
problem before the season is over. They
prefer to employ Yolo County labor, but
may be compelled to hire Japs. "",''>
. ♦ . —
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
■ ♦ ■ ■
Native Sons to Celebrate.
WOODLAND, May 20.— The Native Sons
■will celebrate their fifteenth anniversary
with a grand moonlight picnic at Coil's
Grove next Wednesday evening.
i ■ ♦ ■ '
"Pegamoid" sold, latest, beat, perfect paint;
sample bottle 36c. Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bldg.*
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
licans p..rned a right to have a Senator for six
pardliied by the legislative
failun ti sends th.« case a second
tlme '" thl <" 'ple- and sivea tllP I>emocracy
.  ought therefore, to
 mettili± : „. legislature to elect
a senator and !t should tx* In session when the
xhe State Agricultural So
■ ■• in the date of the Presl
arrival, and bo time the state
that he can visit it. if it is as late as
itter; fact Is, September Is too
• Khow. uni.-ss it Is rut in
' thl> "Tnth. bet us have the
.-- stated, the vi.lt.
n an ln con Wncaon.
When the railroad paper assumes that
Burns lias not been appointed, outsiders
begin to fancy that no appointment for
I will be made by the Governor.
The agitation for an extra session is on
the I ■ but the signs do not point
to aj ■ velopment of st-ntiment in favor
of Dan Burns. Thf Governor will not call
the members of the Legislature tosother
be receives convincing proof that
a choii will immediately result. If the
were called together now Grant
would be the most formidable candidate,
as his organization has been preserved
,-;r.d strengthened since the Legislature
jnijuurned. On the last day of the ballot
inp Burns received the full measure of
his strength. It is extremely doubtful if
could ever a^rain get as many votes
s were recorded for him on the last bal
lot. Politicians claiming to be on the in
h<>!d that Gage will "fight shy" of
.-x:! measures as long an Grant
holds a prospect of success. Should slxty
one legislators pledge themselves in writ-
Ing to elect a Senator other than Grant
the Governor would give the subject of
tiling an extra session serious consid
eraticii.
BROOKLYN BEATEN
BY THE CINCINNATIS
I Baltimore Again Defeats Chicago and
the Outcasts Win From the
Quakers.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
St. Louis 20 7 .740! Baltimore ...15 13 .536 |
Brooklyn ....20 9 .630 Louisville ...10 16 .384
Chicago 18 10 .643|Pittsburg ...10 17 .370
Philadelphia. l 711 .607 New York... 9 16 .300
Boston 17 11 .607 Washington.. 7 22 .242
Cincinnati ..15 10 .6001 Cleveland ... 4 20 .167
CINCINNATI, May 20.— The Reds pounded !
both Dunn and McJames to-day, while Hawley
was a puzzle in all but two innings. It was
a brilliant fielding game, five great double plays !
•being made. Anderson ■ played a remarkable
game in the field, Captain Kelley was put out
of the game for •'kicking" and . Dahlen was
fined. Attendance, 5000. Score: BM
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 8 14 2
Brooklyn 4 9 3
Batteries— Hawley and Wood; Dunn, Mr-
James and Farrell. Umpires— Swartwood and
Warner.
CHICAGO, May 20.— The Orphans played a
j clean fielding game to-day, but were' unable to
do any hitting after the third inning. Griffith
was in poor form and wag pounded all over
the lot. Robinson, Nops and Magoon were in
jured and forced to retire. Attendance, 5200.
Score:
Clubs— R. H., E.
Chicago 5 6 4
Baltimore.. 9 16 4
Batteries— and Chance; Nopa, Mc-
Glnety and Crishajn. Umpires — Emslie and
McDonald. ■ SK9B
CLEVELAND, May 20.— home team hail
a batting streak to-day and won as it pleased.
Attendance, 300. Score:
Clubs— ■ R. H. E.
Cleveland .; :..10 12 0
Philadelphia ..........;. 4 13-6
Batteries— Hill and Zimmer; Piatt, Frazor
and McFarland. Umpires— Andrews and Gaff
ney.
PITTPBURG, May 20. — Washington won in
the second inning, when they touched Leever
for six h^s and five runs. • Dinenan kept the
hits scattered and received good support. At
tendance, 2000. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Pltteburg 6 10 4
Washington 7 10 2
Batteries— and Bowerman; Dinenan
and McGuire. Umpire— O'Day.'
LOUISVILLE, May 20.— N0 game on account
of rain. •■ _
WARNING TO KEEP
OFF FROZEN LAKES
Crossing the Ice on Bennett and the
Atlin Declared to Be De
cidedly Unsafe.
SKAGUAY, Alaska, May 15 (via Union
Bay, B. C May 20).— The mounted police
at Lako Pennett have posted notices
warning persons against attempting to j?o
down La.K6 Bennett, ns the ice is breaking
up. It is now almost impossible to cross
over. Several men tried crossing Monday
before sunrise, but- the ice had not frozen
during the nlpnt and they barely escaped
with their lives.
From the Summit to Bennett all the
smaller lakes are getting soft, but with
heavy pack they can be crossed.
The police at Atlin have issued a simi
lar order for Atlin Lakes. Both Bennett
and Atlin Lakes are expected to run out
Inside of two weeks and boats are ex
pected to move by June 1.
Not Dead, but in Jail.
FORT SCOTT, Kirns., May 20.— Thomas
O'Toole, the- heavily insured patent medi
cine manufacture of this city, who was
reported to have died suddenly in Texas,
is not dead. His wife left here yesterday.
It was said she had fled to escape arrest
for conspiring to defraud the fraternal
societies of whic-h her husband is a mem
ber. She returned to-day and announced
she had received a letter from her hus
band, :.nd that he was in jail In Sonora,
Tex., ir. default of $2000 bonds, charged
with conspiring against companies.
STALLION STAKE
WON BY PUPIL
His Royal Highness
Runs Second.
RUSH TAKES KENTUCKY OAKS
SHOWS HER HEELS TO MAY
HEMPSTEAD.
At St. Louis Dr. Sheppard Captures
the Mississippi Valley Selling
Stakes F.om Crocket
in a Drive.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 20.— This was a gala
| day at Morris Park, from 15,000 t<, IS.OOO
people being at the track to watch the
races. The great event of the clay was
the national stallion stakes of $20,000, in
which all of the best youngsters in train
ing wore engaged, with the exception «-.f
Doublet, the winner of the Juvenile
siakes. In the bettu.g the John Daly
pair, His Royal Highness and Calea.
wire always favorites. The start was
prompt and good, and as they went down
into the dip the leaders were His Royal
Highness, Virginia Earle and Modrine. At
length "Skeets" Martin look His Royal
Highness clear across the track to the in
side to meet Pupil, whom Odom was driv
ing hard, and in the last sixteenth the
pair were locked. Then inch by inch
Pupil drew up on the favorite and won the
$1-3,762 50 for Green B. Morris and the $10iK)
for nominating and the $731 2o for breed
ing the winner for J. B. Haggin. All the
others were beaten off. Second money,
$1765 and S43S 73, for His Highness, sire of
the second horse, went to Gideon & Daly,
and third money, $lul2, went to Eugene
Leigh.
In the errand national steeplechase nine
went to the post, with White Garters the
; favorite. The race was hot from the
1 '' start, Duero shoving the way, with Ten
.j tore and Westown close up in the lirst
, | round. The lot negotiated the water jump
j in good order, but Tentore and Colonel
j Bartlett were done to a turn. Going to
tin- Qrst Liverpool in the back stretch,
W • .-town. Garters and Duero were neck j
and neck. Just behind them were Tentore
and Populist, both staggering. The jump
was too much for them and Teuton.- fell,
, throwing his rider. Then Populist tumbled !
and rolled over Horton, who was on Ten
tore, bis own jockey, Moxley, breaking
his collarbone. Horton was taken to the ■
; Fordham Hospital very badly hurt. -
I Rounding the upper turn Westown quit
and Garters went on alone. Then Mr. '
I Hayes took Trillion up and by a fine pk-ce !
of riding won by a half dozen lengths.
Selling, seven furlongs— Gazee won, Kirk- j
VI >> <! Mcond, Althea third. Time, l:27Vi.
Five furlongs— Trumpet won, Premature sec- I
ond, Withert third. Time. .;.;<.
National stallion, 120,000, five furlongs—Pu
pll, 122 (Odom), 4 t'i 1 and 8 t<-> 5, wun by a
. head: His Royal Highness, 117 (W. Martin), 5 ;
t i i and even, second by three lengths; Vul
can. 117 (O'Connor). M to 1 and 20 to 1 third.
Time, :68%. Virginia ESarle, Knight of Rhodes,
Modrine, St. Finnan, Oneck Queen. Missionary,
Bombshell, Contsstor, Calea. Magnificent. Mlb
t'racordia, I" 1 Lacy, Kentucky and Mayor Gil- i
, roy also ran and finished as named.
Ladle*' s.take. mile— Prestidlgitatrlce won, ]
Lady Madgo second, Lady Lindsey third. Time, ,
1:43.
Grand national steeplechase, about two and !
a hup miles— Trillion, 162 (Mr. Hayes), 6 tc 1 !
and 2 to 1, won by six lengths; White Garters, '
1 1" (Veach). oven and !to ■"., second by thirty
lengths; Westown. 163 (I'ochrane). 5 to 1 and
■ 2 to 1. third. Time. 4:27*4, Populist, Camret,
Iranian, Duero, Colonel Hartiett and Tentore i
also ran. Populist and Tentore fell. ,
Mile— Box won. Half Time second, Jefferson
third. Time, 1:4114. t
LOUISVILLE. Ky., May 20.— The Ken- |
tucky Oaks was won by Tommy Doweil's
Wadsworth-Reine dOr three-year-old
filly Rush to-day over a muddy track.
May Htmpstead, winner of the Tennessee
Derby and the Tennessee Oaks, met her -
lirst defeat in this, race, partly because :
Rush, at the weights and over a track
exactly io her liking, was best, and partly
i because Turner. who rode May Hempstead,
was overconfident. Rush shot to the front
at Qagfall and opened a gap of three
lengths. Turner, on Hempstead, figured
that Rush would come back to him and
let her get six lengths in the lead, when
the head of the homestretch was reached. \
, Hill kept Rush going and Hempstead
could never get any closer to her, though
! Turner rode her vigorously until he saw ;
' that his mount was beaten, when he eased
; her up. This was the last day of the Lou
, isvllle meeting. Results:
Four furlong?, selling— Tommy O'Brien won.
May Dine second, Phallas third. Time, :51.
Seven furlongs — Approval won. Applejack
Bei nd, Alleviate third. Time, 1:31.
Six iurlongs, selling— Synia won, Becky Ban
second, Incidental third. Time, 1:19.
Kentucky daks, $3uoo. one and a sixteenth
! miles— Rush won, May Hempstrad second, The
: Lady in Blue third. Time, l:s2tf.
One mile, selling— Duke of Baden won, Hamp
■li^n second. Traveller third. Time, 1:47^..
Six furlongs, selling— Beckman won, Hanlon
second, Sir Blaze third. Time, 1:18.
ST. LOUIS, May 20.— Owing to the !
heavy fall of rain all night and this morn- j
j ir.g the fair grounds track was a sea of |
! mud to-day. The feature of the day was '
| the Mississippi Valley selling stake, with '
I a value of $1500. Mary, which was bought ]
by Charles Vestal in the morning, was
favorite at all times with Crockett, which ,
wa- I acked from 3 to I to S to 5. The win- !
I ncr turned up in Dr. Shrppard. which had
opened at 9 to 2. and was backed down a ■
half point at the close. Tulla Fonso was
S to 1 throughout the betting. Tulla Fon
so jumpod to the lead at the start, and,
trying to make a runaway race of v,
chucked it up at the stable turn. Crock
ett and Dr. Phoppard drew away from the
others, Sheppard winning in a drive by a
neck from Crockett. Weather cloudy and
cold. Results:
Selling, one mile— Helen Pnxton won, Prince
Michael second, Stuttgart third. Time, 1:49.
FflllnK, mile and seventy yards— Meadow- j
thf>:pc won, Ksinsom second, Marplot third, i
Time, l:02'».
Srllin^. mile and seventy yards — Forget Not |
won, Moroni second, Bastjuil third. Time, 1:47.
Mississippi Valley stakes, pellinp- value $1500,
ono mile— Dr. Kheppnrd won, Crockett second,
Tull.i F^nso third. Time, i :4GVi.
Seven furlongs— Fervor won, Raffaello second
Found third. Time, ITSI%.
CINCINNATI. Ohio. May 20.— The bet
ting ring at Newport got a scorcher on
Rastus, Dutch Comedian nnd Fair De
ceiver. Rastua was backed down from
fi to 1 to 3 to 1. while Dutch Comedian and
Fair Deceiver went to the post hot fa
vorites. Weather fine; track fast. Re
sults:
Six and a half fur!onfcs=, sfllinjf— Quaver won,
Licwanna second, Edna T third. Time, l:o2ty.
Five furlongs — Mlm Shanley won, Lady i-'ur
-7.nn second, Princess Maleen third. Time,
\ -■■:■,
Seven furlongs, handicap— Flop won, Kriss
Krl'iffle second. Semir i.,:i third. Time, I:JSV4.
One mile, selling— Knstus won. True Light
■eeond, Victorine third. Time, 1:46.
£mx furlonsK— Dutch Comedian "won. Bertha
I Nrll second. Lucy M third. Time. 1:14.
Six and a half furlongs, soiling— Fair De-
I celver won, Marietta second, Rotha third.
I Time, 1:21' •.
CHICAGO. May 20.— Weather cool; track
pood. Lakeside results:
Four and :i half furlongs— Partland won, Feff
second, Rambury third. Time, :f>7\.
One mtle—Myth won. Blue Lick second, Fred
Hnrr third. Time, 1:42%.
Four furlones— John Orlpsby won. Nina B L
:,l. In P« ht third. Time. :47%.
Five and n half furlonss— Tenby won, Hobart
j Bccond. Abuse third. Time, 1:08.
Six furlongs — Old Saugus won, Ella Ppnzance
second, Almn Glynn third. Time, 1:15%.
One mile— Kinjc Bormuda won. Little Singer
second. Fan Tan third. Time, 1:43.
CINCINNATI. Ohio. May 20.— The
! Derby to be run at Latonia next Tuesday
1 will have the following starters: Corslne.
Prince McClurp. His Lordship, Ways and
', Means and Leo Planter. The stake is
: worth $7500 to the winner. His Lordship
and Ways and Means were given their
i final work to-day. Each went the Derby
; route, one and a half miles, in 3:87& with
' more weight than they will carry in the
I race.
Harvester King Blnaers and Headers.
Hooker & Co., San Francisco. *
SUDDEN DEATH
From Heart Disease.
A Prominent Merchant Suddenly
Expires While at His Place of
Business.
How frequently we see the above or
similar announcements. People are full
of pity for the family of the man so
suddenly and sadly stricken. They say
"How terribly sudden! Why, I saw
him yesterday and he looked good for
thirty years." Exactly! The bridge at
Ashtabula looked good for fifty years
the day before the great accident.
Great trains ran in safety along the
trembling trestles which in a few more
hours were to collapse in a fearful
fall. The Iron in them had been grad
ually disintegrating for years. The
death of this man was no more sudden
than the fall of the bridge. Each had
the strength slowly undermined. And,
like the bridge, when the man's
strength reached its minimum resisting
capacity down he went.
There's a fact for public considera
tion. One form of disease is rarely
responsible for a premature death.
Time and time again the doctor in at
tendance on the man suffering from
typhoid or other fever says. "I could
have pulled that man through if it had
not been for his weak stomach."' And
that "weak stomach" is the one ever
present danger to the business man.
He has his warnings. Time and again
his stomach cries out, revolting ai
the food given it, perhaps ejecting it
forcibly. Time and again he gasps and
claps his hand to his heart when it
gives a sudden, suffocating leap. Time
and again, when his starved nervea
have protested by headache, neuralgia
or some other form of pain, he has
thought he must get medical treat
ment. And when his wife finally says,
pleadingly, "My dear, do get something
for your neuralgia," or "You must do
something for your stomach, " what
does he do? He just steps into a drug
store as he goes downtown and gets
something in the tablet form which
dulls his pain and permits him to keep
at work, but which does not oppose a
straw in the way of the disease. Thus
the undermining process goes on until
the collapse comes, with its shock to
the family and surprise to the friends.
THE WARNINGS.
The first necessity of every man is to
heed the warnings Nature gives, that
this undermining process is going on
in his system. A stomach weakened
by abuse, gorged with over eating or
overburdened with hot bread, too rich
or greasy foods, or those too highly
seasoned, becomes weakened and fails
to thoroughly digest the food. A
heavy, sodden mass is accumulated in
the stomach to ferment as the first step
in its decay, giving off foul gases to
distend the stomach and poison the
blood until it becomes thin, weak and
lacking in the red corpuscles so neces
sary to perfect health.
The overdlstended stomach presses
upon the heart, and the latter organ is
also disturbed through sympathy, the
same system of nerves being distributed
to- both organs. Thus palpitation and
Irregular action of the heart, with its
attendant shortness of breath, result,
and in time disease of the heart itself
is established.
The gases and other poisons gener
ated from undigested, fermenting and
decaying food in the stomach becloud
the brain, causing headaches and pain
In the eyes.
Being absorbed into the blood these
poisons reach every part and organ of
the system. The kidneys are thereby
pcisorif-d, causing Bright's disease and
diabetes. Filtering through the skin,
troublesome skin diseases often show
themfcf.lves.
As every organ and every nerve de
pend for their nourishment and renewal
upon the stomach, weak digestion
shows itself not alone in loss of appe
tite and flesh, but also in nervousness,
debility, bad complexion and many
otner derangements.
Some people know whore the trouble
Is. They locate it in the stomach, be
cause they have pain there after eating,
an irregular craving for food or an ap
petite that eating does not satisfy.
There is heaviness after a meal, a feel
ing of undue fullness. Perhaps the
stomach sours and there are bitter ris
ings and belchings. These symptoms
mark various forms and stages of
"weak stomach." They will not all be
present in every case or. in the earlier
stages of the disease. Any one of these
symptoms locates the trouble in the
stomach and the digestive and nutritive
functions, which are disturbed.
The only way to properly heed these
warnings is at once to
JOIN HANDS WITH NATURE'S
FORCES
In an intelligent and persistent effort to
restore the health to its normal condi
tion. This cannot be done by treating
diseases which are only symptoms of
the real and fundamental trouble. The
heart palpitates, but it is of no use to
treat the heart while the diseased
stomach causing the palpitation goes
unheeded and unhelped. The nerves
tingle and twitch with pain. But it's
no use to take bromide preparations to
quiet the nerves, drugging them into
drowsiness as crying children are some
times drugged. What the crying child
generally needs 'is food. The nerves
cry also because of hunger. You can
only stop the outcry c.-f the nerves by
feeding them, and that must be don*?
through the stomach. In thousands and
thousands of cases it has been shown
that when the stomach, together with
its allied organs of digestion and nutri
tion, are put into sound condition of
health the health of the whole body is
at once restored. Strength comes back,
the color returns to the cheek, the
sparkle to the eye, the spring to the
step. There's real interest in life, real
pleasure in business, real comfort in
home. The nerves are quiet. They
laugh sometimes, but they never cry.
The heart works steadily and noise
lessly, like some perfectly governed
engine. The liver performs its func
tions unobtrusively. The kidneys do a
day's work every day in filtering out
the impurities which would clog the
circulation, the lungs are actively
healthy— in brief the whole body in all
its parts works together to carry on the
perfect scheme of physical being.
WHAT TO DO.
Now comes the question, "How can
this ideal condition of health be at
tained?" No one is better fitted to
answer that question than one who
has been cured of disease and been up
lifted into a condition of sound health.
Such a one is Mr. Thomas G. Lever of
Lever, Riehland County, S. C., who
writes: "I was afflicted with what the
doctors called nervous indigestion. Took
-medicine from my family physician to
no avail. In looking over one of Dr
Pierces Memorandum Books I found
my case described exactly. I wrote to
him and made a statement. He sent
me a descriptive list of questions, also
hygienic rules. I carried these out as
best I could, but I thought myself in
curable, as I suffered so much with
pain under my ribs and an empty feel
ing in my stomach. At night would
have cold or hot feet and hands, al
ternately. I was getting very nervous
and suffered a great deal mentally,
thinking that death would soon claim
me. Always expected something un
usual to take place; was irritable and
impatient and greatly reduced in flesh.
I could scarcely eat anything that
would not produce a bad feeling in my
stomach. After some hesitation, owing
to my prejudices against patent medi
cines, I derided to try a few bottles of
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery
and 'Pellets.' After taking several bot
tles of each, found I was improving. I
continued for six months or more, off
and on. I have to be careful yet, at
times, of whit I eat, in order that I
may feel gc/od and strong. I fully be
lieve if any one suffering with indiges
tion or torpid liver or chronic cold
would take Dr. Pierces Golden Medi
cal Discovery and 'Pleasant Pellets' and
observe a few simple hygienic rules he
would soon be greatly benefited, and
with a little perseverance would be en
tirely cured.
"My son, who has weak lungs and
takes cold easily, used jugt one bottle
of 'Golden BdedicaJ Discovery' and was
cured; got strong and very fleshy."
HOW THOUSANDS ARE SAVED.
That is the way that thousands have
been cured, by the patient, persistent
use of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Dis
covery. The cure by the use of this
remedy may be said to be certain, since
98 per cent of all who use it are
perfectly and permanently cured. The
time occupied in making the cure de
pends upon the stage of the disease and
the condition of the patient. It is folly
to expect that a disease which has
fastened its roots around the vital or
gans of the body, in the slow progress
of years, should be instantly and imme
diately cured. It takes time to cure
complicated diseases, but the cure
comes in time with the use of "'Golden
Medical Discovery."
"In the year 1596 I was taken ouite
sick and our family physician was
called," writes Miss Lula M. Brittle of
Ivor, Va. "He left me some medicine,
but it failed to relieve me. He came
again and again, but my case grew
worse. • I tried every remedy anybody
told me of but still T suffered. One
day I found a little book in which were
printed a few of Dr. Pierces patients'
testimonials, so I sat right down and
wrote to him, describing my suffering.
He replied, advising me what to take.
I immediately sent to the drug store
and got one bottle of Dr. Pierces Gold
en Medical Discovery and a vial of his
'Pleasant Pellets.' After taking the
medicine one week. I felt greatly re
lieved; my head did not pain me any
scarcely, and my stomach was relieved
of its burdensome feeling. Sometimes
I had been so I could scarcely breathe,
and could not eat anything without
suffering pain. I thought the death an
gel would knock at my door, for I
thought that there was but death for
me, until the Lord in answer to prayer
to Him, pointed me to the little book
containing Dr. Pierces address. I am
glad to say that, after suffering ten
months from a complicated case of liver
complaint, constipation, indigestion,
suppression of monthly function and
kidney disease, too, I reckon, for I suf
fered excruciating pain in my back and
head, fix bottles of 'Golden Medical
Discovery,' three vials of Dr. Plerce'a
Pleasant Pellets and two bottles of his
'Compound Extract of Smart-Weed'
cured me entirely. I gladly recom
mend Dr. Pierces medicines to all suf
ferers."
COMMON SENSE TREATMENT.
The diseases which originate in the
stomach are cured through the stomach
by the use of Dr. Pierces Golden Medi
cal Discovery. That is the common
sense way of reaching them. The •Dis
covery" alters the diseased condition of
the stomach and the organs of digestion
and nutrition. It increases the activity
of the blood-making glands, so increas
ing the supply of the vital fluid, it
purges the system of effete and waste
matter, which clogs its canals and Doi
sons the current which flows along
the veins and arteries. It removes the
poisons which accumulate when the
kidneys and liver fail in their duty.
When this is done the stomach and its
associate organs begin to provide the
essential nourishment for bone, brain
and blood, in proper proportions. The
nerve centers are nourished into health.
Pains disappear. Sleep becomes rest
ful. The appetite is restored and "srood
digestion waits on appetite." The sal
low and wrinkled skin is replaced by
a smooth skin and bright complexion.*
In fact thr> life is renewed. All this is
done through the stomach.
The operatibn of "Golden Medical
Discovery" is tw .-fold. It first cor
rects the irregularities of the stomach
and the organs of digestion and nutri
tion. Next it "urnlshea the pabulum re
quired by nature to feed the starving
organs of the body. It restores health
in Nature's own way, by nourishment.
DOES NOT INEBRIATE.
There is no alcohol, whisky or other
intoxicant in "Golden Medical Discov
ery," neither does it contain any opium
or other narcotic. It does not, there
fore create a craving for intoxicating
stimulants or dangerous narcotics.
If a dealer offers another preparation
as "just as pood" as "Golden Medical
Discovery" it's because it pays him a v
trifle more profit to sell an inferior y
preparation. Such a man does not e;ire
for your health. Go to the dealer who
gives you what you ask for. and who
does not insult your good judgment by
urging upon you something as "just as
good. l '
MYSTERIES REVEALED.
There is a "Dark Continent" which
every man should explore for himself,
know its. mysteries and its wonders.
j which are greater than all the world
wonders. That unexplored "Continent"
is the human body, with its marvelous
mechanism, its God- given functions.
me best guide for any explorer of this
terra incognita is Doctor Pierces Com
mon Sense Medical Adviser. It unrav
| els the mysteries of life. It brightens
the twilight of the marriage chamber.
I It points the way to health, and ex
tends a helping hand to those who
: stumble in the path. It is invaluable
for reference on all questions which af
fect the health and well being of man
I or woman. This great work is Bent ah
i SOlutely free on receipt of stamps to
| pay the expense of mailing only. Send
! 21 one-cent stamps for the paper cover
I edition, or 31 stamps for the same book
in handsome cloth. Address Dr. R. V.
I Pierce. Buffalo, N. Y.
AUCTION SALES.
FIRST GREAT AUCTION SALE
OF THE SEASON!
Fes £& &%
50 Head of WELL-BROKE. TROTTING
BRED STOCK. ALL PURPOSE and DRAFT
HORSES, Among them well-matched teams.
consigned from the breeding farms of HON.
W. A. SHIPPEE, STOCKTON, and others.
On TUESDAY - - May 23, 1899,
At 11 a. m.
t Salesyard, Cor. Van Ness Aye. and Market St.
CHASE & MENDENHALL,
Successors to KILLIP & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
1732 Market St.. S. F.
Horses now at yard.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Jl Steamers leave Broadway
gffw,. ■ wharf, San Francisco:
WbBEsW For Alaskan port?, 10 a. m. .
i ii^w^SßSi May 21> 2 * 31; June 5; change
' E^MSjl y\l For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
i IsMaH Hi For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
F&saS<<<'p£4l c ) Port Townserid, Seattle.
r^^o<SA Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m.. May 21. 26, 31; Jun»
5. and every fifth day thereafter; change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. By.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. May
19, 24, 29; June 3, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
! Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenem<*.
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., May 20. 24. 28; June 1, and
every fourth day thereafter.
; For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
. i ford (San Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara, Port
i | Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
i m.. stay IS. 22, 26. 30; June 3, and every fourth
I day thereafter.
] For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
: Cabo, Mazatlan Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
; , and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
■ month.
• For further Information obtain folder.
! j The company reserves the right to chancre
, ' without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
i and hours of saiHnir.
' I TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
. I street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Acts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &N. 00,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CARP ** 2 First class including Berths
rHnL S8 Second Class and Meals.
i Columbia sails May 23.
i State of California sails May 13, 28.
j Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
: Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
FIRST STEAMER FOR CAPE NOME
GOLDFiELDS.
STEAMER ALBION SAILING' MAY 25, 1899.
Gets there before the rush and stops at Cape
Nome. Golovin Bay and St. Michael. Takes
j passengers and freight, parcels and letters to
miners. For full particulars call at
J. S. KIMBALL COMPANY.
22 Market St., San Francisco.
— '
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABU.
I . Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
| From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis May 24 1 St. Louis June 14
Paris May 31 Paris June 21
St. Paul June 7 St. Paul June 28
, RED STAR LINE.
*'"«• York nn'l Jntw'H)
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland May 24 Friesland .-. June 14
; Kensington May 31 Southwark June 21
Noordland June 7 Westernland ...June 2?
EMPIRE LIME.
Keattlo. St. Michael. Uawsm City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
i INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
• connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
: India, etc. No cargo recefved on board on day
, of sailing.
j NIPPON MARU Tuesday. June 27
AMERICA MART" Saturday. July 22
HONGKONG MART* Thursday. August. 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. ■ For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St.. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
ffi>Sß JQitlfStfl The Pl S - Australia
dfijiiidV : SlC sails for Honolulu
• jh "**"•' Wednesday, May 31.
(Ls^~V^\ J S." S. Alameda sails
>IWiTlSlil[W vil Honolulu and
CyItQIIIJIIiy'-' Auckland for Sydney
fnf!lßiir?LU Wednesday, June 14,
vJIUfJUIItp at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc. : 1610 first class.
! L 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
! Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St.
COMPAQNIE GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. -*-QSa»
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <J£J; t '>
from Pier 42. North River, foot nt" ***''
Morton st. LA TOURAINE, May 27; LA GAS-
COGNE June 3: LA CHAMPAGNE. June 10;
LA BRETAGNE. June 17: LA TOURAINE.
■ June 24. First-class to Havre. $65 and upward,
5 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-class
' ' to Havre. -MS in per cent reduction on round
! ; trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green.
. New York J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
' ; Agents. 5 Montgomery .-.-.■■■■. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS. _
I STOCKTON EXCURSIONS,
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
' dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p.. m.
daily (excepting Sunday").
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJD. .
Steamer "Monticello."
HON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:43
a. m. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
j days,. l p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
FARE ....:..- ■■■■■ ■ 50c
i Weekly Call, $1 per YearADVERTISEMENTS.
, FIRST AMONG DOCTORS.
t $^^^*\ °
t £ m \<A 2
DOCTOR SWEANY.
This great physician's method of treatment is a thoroughly scientific
one, original with him. It is the result of years of study and research,
»the crowning glory of a life devoted to the discovery of remedies and
methods for relieving and. curing the sick. Doctor Sweany's medicines are
scientifically combined and compounded. They give back to the sufferer
health and strength to both body and brain. If you are wise, if you wish
to become well and strong again, consult this King of Doctors without
■
, DOCTOR SWEANY Treats and Cures
NERVOUS RERII ITV in «" Its worst forms, and with its train of at-
nLiITUUJ l/LuILII I tending ills, including defective memory, a. wan-
dering mind, pains in the hack and h<^ad, an aversion to society, dread of
impending danger, gloom and despondency, tired, languid feelings, pimples
on the face, defective eyesight, stunted growth, night losses and unnat-
ural drains that san tho "vitality. This distinguished specialist also treats
and cures ALL DISEASES OF THE EYE, EAR. HEAD, THROAT,
LUNGS. STOMACH, LIVER AND BOWELS. KIDNEYS, BLADDER
AND URINARY ORGANS; ALSO RHEUMATISM, CATARRH, HEART
TROUBLES. BLOOD AND SKIN DISEASES, RUPTURE, PILES. FIS-
TULA, HYDROCELE, STRICTURE AND ALL PRIVATE DISEASES.
RIIPTITRE A new. harmless and painless treatment without the. use of
Hurl Uric, knife or truss. No detention from work or business. A sure,
positive and permanent cure guaranteed.
V4RirnrFlF New method and certain cure of the worst cases In an
T AIVIvUW^LC. extremely short time. Come and get the new scientific
treatment which never fails to cure.
Address
F\ L. SWEANY, M.D.,
737 Market Street,
Sam Francisco,
UNEQUALED SPRING TONIC
TRY
§ W3RLD FAMOUS |V g M
MARIAN) WINE .TONIC.
COMBATS MALARIA, WASTING DISEASES.
■k of irii^rsementp and portraits r.f Emperors, Empress, Prince?. Tar-
: other di!=Un»uishc-'! pi , It is free to ail who write for it.
Sold at All Druggist* Bverywhere. Avoid Babstitutes. Beware of Imitationi.
MARIANI & CO., 62 WEST 15TH STREET, NEW YORK.
A NOTABLE VISITOR
Supreme Chancellor Sample of the
Knights of Pythias Here.
- mple, supreme chancellor
C Pythias, who came here
la., to attend the
Eornia at Santa Cruz,
Palac< He is a guest of Col-
I ■ a • ' -' ■ Diego, whom he
; is grand chancellor of Califor-
Mr. Sample is Sui" ■ -of Public
ting and Binding for the State of
-ylvania, and is past department
THOMAS G. SAMPLE
commander of the G. A. R. In speaking
of the Knights of Pythias Mr. Sample
said:
•'The order is exceedingly prosperous
and has a membership of 470,598. There
are five lodges in Honolulu and one in
Juneau. Alaska. The endowment feature
has over 57,000 members, carrying: endow
ments of $101,600,000. There has been paid
• DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTING.
Ln nFHPM Manufacturer of Belting «nd
1. VLUL.y, LaCB Leather. 105-107 Mis-
«lon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BO !.ER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works-113-115 MISSION ST.
P Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY..
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
bCOAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
too BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLTTH, Mgr.
C. V.'. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a .Specialty, 16 and 18
V V»a S hin2ton St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE.
REDIN6TON & CO. jgSgtflßßgj
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JA^ FfIYFS ft Cii Snipping Butchers. 104
4RJ- bVILj tt W a , clay. Tel. Main 1291.
since 1577 $14,600,000 to the widows and
orphans of members. The order is strict
ly American and its growth has been
phenomenal."
Major General James A. Carnahan of
the Uniform Rank of the Knights of
Pythias accompanies Mr. Sample, and is
a prominent attorney of Indianapolis.
General Carnahan is also a member of
the G. A. X., and is past department com
mander of Indiana, and was for two i»rms
judge advocate general of the national
organization. He commanded the Eighty
sixth Indiana Regiment during the Civil
War before he was 21 years of age.
. ♦ .
Advances made on furniture and pianos, -with
or without removal. J. Xoonan. 1017-1023 Mission
ESTATES OF THE DEAD
Those of John Bonner, N. F. Phillips
and Thomas Armer in Probate.
Geraldlne Br.nner made application yes
terday for letters of administration upon
the estate of her father. John Bonner the
prominent journalist, who died May 5.
Decedent's estate consists of real prop
erty at Octavia and Vallejo streets,
bold effects, library, etc., and is
valued at about $8500. The heirs are Mrs.
glana G. Boardman, a daughter;
John E.. Sydney X. and George L. Bon
ner. sons, and the petitioner.
The will of Nathan F. Phillips, who
died May 14. was filed for probate yester
day. An estate valued at $3000 is devised
cedent's sisters, Mrs. Victoria J.
Smith ami Mrs. Louisa A. Johnson share
and share alike.
The will of Thomas Armor, who died
tly leaving valuable property, di
rects that the entire estate be distributed
to his widow, Mrs. Maty Armer.
Called for the Will.
Eugenia Perazzo, widow of the late
Davlde Perazzo. a one time resident of
San Francisco, who died at Monte Mfg
gio. near Chi&vari, Italy, on the Bth of
November. ISS7, appeared in Judge Cof
couri yesterday morning and ro
ted the court to issue an order com
pelling .1 sepb ' 'unco to produce her hua-1
will. Mrs. Porazzo alleges that
■ has the will in his possession, but
a to deliver ir for some unknown
n. The petitioner avera that she and
her two children are named as the de
visees, so the reason for withholding the
will, as '"unco is not an heir at law, is
rather vague. Judge Ooffey made the or
equirlhg the will's production within
live da>B.
HARDWARE-
OALACE Hardware Co.. Importers and Deal-
* ere In hardware. 603 Market; tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton SHedley. Prom. ,
234 Fremont St. Castings of Ryery Da.
scrip tlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
' LIQUORS.
OUDOLD WHISKEY, gallon $1.50; case $6 00
0. P. 8. PONY, do $2.53; case $10 05
L. CAHE.V & BOM, 418 Sacramento St., 8. T.
NO BFTTER ON FARTH In P er| ai Metallic
1W DLllLfl UH L^ftlJl Comanche Ochr«
Comanche Ochre Co., 203 Front; tel. Jessie 1996.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTP PULP AND paper co.
VltLLfllYlCl It. 722 Montgomery Stream
PRINTING. ~~;
EC HIICHFQ PRINTER,
• W- IIUUIILOiiU Sansome street.
THE BICKS-JUDPCttT^ml^^r
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office, 210 California St. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI HKjnV H*i»«iqi«arters for fine Jewelry an!
• LL'nlll. is-k. Wedding Kings. 4 3d st.
WHITu ASH STEAM COAL,
, Mined "by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at ho
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Js tl>e Bert Coal in the Market.
Office and Yards— Main Street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
ENDEAVORERS TO MEET
AT STOCKTON IN 1900
James A. Wiles, a San Francisco Man,
Called to the Presidential
Chair.
Juniors Hold an Interesting Session While the
Seniors Go lor an Outing — Banner Coun
ties Are Announced.
PROGRAMME FOR SUNDAY.
THE LORD'S DAT. *
Theme. "The plory of the Lord is risen upon thee."— Mat. iv:£.
The Morning of Pentecost. O
B :oo— Beginning the Day with God.
Meetings in Oakland, First Presbyterian chapel, led by E. H. Baker, ■}•
San Jose. Meeting in East Oakland, Brooklyn Presbyterian chapel, led <?>
by Rev. J. C. Machines, Benicia. Meeting in Alameda, United Presby- *
terian church, led by Dr. Sara E. Wise, Ban Francisco. Meeting in £
Berkeley, First M. E. Church, led by G. H. Wheeler, San Jose. <»>
9:oo— Adjournment. *
11:00— Service in each church. Theme suggested, Convention Text. Isa. lx:l. '%
The Harvest of Pentecost. <j>
3:oo— Simultaneous- Rallies. *
For men only. Tabernacle, D. E. Collins. Oakland, presiding. Admission *
by tickets only, under auspices Young Men's Christian Association. For <«>
women only, First M. E. Church. Miss M. L. Berry, Fresno, presiding. *
For juniors and children (and parents with children), First Presbyterian t
Church. For Endeavorers— At Oakland, First Congregational chapel, %
Joseph D. Radfnrd of San Jose, presiding. At Alameda. First Congrega- *
tional Church, A. L, Munger of Fresno, presiding. At East Oakland, ;
Tenth avenue Baptist Church, J A. Clark of Stockton, presiding. At |
Berk-ley, First Presbyterian Church, C. B. Shaw of Cloverdale, pre- %
siding. <■.
4:3o— Adjournment. *
s:3o— Mass meeting at Seamen's Rest. Special programme under direction of 5
J. C. Suhr, Alameda County Floating Society. %
SUNDAY EVENING SESSION.
Theme, "The glory of the Lord is risen upon thee." <y
Music under the direction of A. M. Benham and Benjamin Clark. *
7:15— "All Hail the Power of Jesus' Name." %
7:3s— Preparatory service. Rev. C. Pierce; text, John xv:l-12. (Delegates to %
recite this in concert). *
7:50 — Special mupic and offertory. §
B:oo— Address, "The Home— The Place of Beginnings," Rev. H. K. Walk- %
er, D.D.
S:20 — Special music. ■ <$>
B:3o— lnstallation of officers, Rev. Francis E. Hark, D.D. %
B:4o— Special music. *
B:4s— Address, "More Fruit." Rev. Francis E. Clark, D.D., Boston. f
o:lo— Closing cocsecration service. Thought.— l John ii:6. Led by George P. I
Lowell. sj.
Union and society responses. <•>
Closing hymn, "We'll Never Say Good-by in Heaven." Mizpah. %
Oakland Office Sgn Francisco Call, ] I
90S Broadway, May 20. ; '
A BUSINESS session in the morn
ing, recreation for the seniors and | j
interesting meetings of the jun- j ;
iors in the afternoon made up i
the day's programme of the Christian j :
Endeavorer convention to-day.
After much good-natured rivalry and
not a little able campaigning Stockton :
carried away the honors from, Sacramento
and it was decided that the Endeavorers
hold their annual convention in the open- '
J. A. WILES Was Chosen State
PresideQt Amid General Er)
thusiasm.
me roar of the new century in that city.
Sacramento took its defeat gracefully
and standing accorded Stockton a vote of
congratulation.
Next in importance to selecting where
the 1900 State convention should meet was
the report of the nominating committee,
that declared the fallowing officers elect
ed to serve during the ensuing year:
President, James A. Wiles. First Raptisn
Church. San Francisco; first vice presi
dent, J. E. Coulthuttt, San Diego Pres
byterian Church; second vice president.
Dr. J. N. Ward. D. D. S.. Auburn Congre
gational Church; third vice president,
John Bonner, Stockton; general secre
tary Francis W. Reid, pastor Congrega
tional Church. Clayton, Contra Costa
County treasurer. James M. Warren,
Santa Barbara Christian church; junior
superintendent of Northern California, E.
L. Rickford, Napa Presbyterian Church;
junior superintendent of Southern Cali
fornia. Belle P. Kason, San Diego Congre
gational Church.
Another important announcement made
at the junior session was tftat of the
banner counties. Los Angelas County car
ried off the banner on junior societies and
membership.
San Francisco was awarded the banner
for intermediate societies and member
ship. To Alameda County went the banner
for the greatest number of new societies
organized within the year. The Central
M. K. Intermediate Society in Oakland
was declared the banner intermediate so
ciety of California and the Presbyterian
Intermediate Society, San Luis Obispo,
was awarded the Craft's Lords day ban
ner.
Although in Its third day's session none
of the papers read lost its interest, nor
the vast number of listening Endeavorers
their attention or enthusiasm.
Tt.ars or laughter were often danger
ously close to one another and when the
burden of the work began to bear heavily
upon tired though willing shoulder? the
audienop took up the inspiring refrain of
some well-known hymn and the gloom
was dispelled.
Rev. Mr. Hayes added a bit of delicious
humor to the business of the morning
meeting by telling of what he had b< en
told was the latest invented collection
box.
"This collection box is bo arranged,"
I said the reverened gentleman, "that if
you drop a dollar or 50 cents Into the
I box it falls upon a cushion. A nickel
I rings a bell loud enough to be heard by
' the entire congregation and a button <>r
' beer ticket when deposited fires off a pis
t..]."
Afir-r the morning business was trans
acted and the new president was greet
ed and had returned thanks the ex-State
president addressed the convention.
C. F. Baker was the first speaker. He
called his address "Sticks. Bricks and
Stone. '" "Every church hath sticks," said
i the gentleman, "but they are not helpful.
The difficulty of some sticks is that thry
bfcve knots in them. Others again have
splinters. Then there are those that are
crossgralned. Bricks are better than
sticks. And that's what we want in our
society— every man a brick.
"The best support of the church is the
stone and we need stone on stone so as
to strengthen and solidify the church.
Stone is enduring and lasting and that is
the kind of support we should give to our
churches."
\V. G. Alexander of San Jose followed
Mr. Baker. The well-known junior worker
referred to himself as a "has been"' and
commented upon the development of tue
society since the day when he presided
over the destinies of the State organiza
tion.
C. Z. Merrltt spoke of the consecration
meeting. Among other things the gentle
man said: "Consecration is an attribute
I of Christian life and it is that which
makes it possible for us to perform the
functions of Christian life."
Rev. E. B. Hayes of Gilroy.when speak
ing of the "Tenth Legion." said:
"The strength of the Endeavorers is the
strength of God. God has given to us.
and if we only give back to him the work
will continue to prosper. God has re
vealed to us in his Word how to give, and
that is to give according to how the Lord
prospers us."
Rolla V. Watt in his address on "Mis
sions" took occasion to remark: "Chris
tianity will never dominate the world un
til we set aside our petty differences and
present an undivided front." , ,
Rev. A. Boyer closed the session with
an elevating address. "Patriotism that is
superior to every form of patriotism is
the patriotism that comes from the Lord
Jesus Christ" was the substance of Mr.
Boyer's paper.
The afternoon meeting of the juniors
at the Presbvtcrian church was marked
by all the earnestness and true Christian
spirit that has characterized the work nf
the seniors. The addresses were minia
ture editions of what the seniors had
said. The- orchestra of juniors, led by
Miss Higgins of the First Congregational
Church, Oakland, and the chorus of 150
voices led by Miss H. Borland of the First
Presbyterian Church, were features of
the most impressive affair.
Among the junior? who took an active
part wore Herman Eggert, Charles Rob
inson, Audrey Dodson, the Misses Mabel
and Hazel Roberts of San Jose, and Irv
ing Adams of San Jose.
Thy light is come" was the theme of
the session to-night, which opened with
special music led by ex-Chief of Police
Lloyd. Rev. S. C." Patterson of Lodi
spoke briefly on "A Few Quiet Moment?."
and told his hearers that it is not alone
activity and iubilation that were neces
sary to progress, but that it is wise oc
casionally to stop and reflect for a brief
moment.
Children from the Chinese Mission gave
some special music, which called forth
much appreciation from the big audi
ence.
E. Li Chapman, State superintendent of
the Anti-Saloon League, left no one in
the dark concerning his views of the at
titude the Christian Endeavorer should
assume toward the liquor traffic. The
speaker argued that if all Endeavorera
were to make temperance work a spe
cial subject the traffic would soon be
driven out of California.
Rev. Robert Mackenzie. D. D., made a
short address and in impressive language
Rev. Father Clark told of "God's pur
pose for Christian Endeavorers." "This
convention is not all of Christian En
deavor." he said. "In fact, it is a very
small part of it. It requires perhaps lit
tle effort to come to a grand gathering
such as this, but it is the carrying out
of lessons taught here that constitutes
the purpose for which you are called. In
the home, at work, everywhere do the
work of God and all the world will feel
the effect of your faithfulness."
The session closed with .prayer by Rev.
W. L. Gaston of Santa Rosa.
GARDEN CITYS WILLING
Good Prospect of the Relay Race Be
ing Ridden Over.
The Garden City Wheelmen of San Jose
have sent the following letter to The
Call:
SAN JOSE. Cal.. May IS, 1899.
Cycling Editor The Call— Sir: Would
you kindly insert in your -paper that the Gar
den City Wheelmen's relay team would be
only too glad to have the race of last Sun
day ridden over. We acknowledge accepting
pace on a couple of our relays, but in regard
to out having arranged anything before the
race with the Olympics, that is absolutely
false.
We did just exactly as any other club -would
have done in our position. We started out
in the lead with the Olympics and worked
with them to keep away from the other two
clubs, thinking wo had as good a show at
the end to win as the- Olympics, and think
if it is ridden over we can easily defeat any
Of the three club? we rode against last Sun
day. Hoping you will give this space In your
paper, 1 remain, respectfully yours,
J. W. DERMODY.
As the Acmes and Garden Citys are so
strongly In favor of riding the race over
again, there is a strong probability that
the association may order this done. The
Bay Citys have not expressed any opin
ion and are purposely keeping in the
background, as it was their old-time ri
vals, the Olympics, who won the race,
and it would be unsportsmanlike for them
to urge any* protest. An official of the
club was willing to be quoted as saying:
"If the association votes to run it over
you can say that we will be ready with
our team."
The Olympic relay team was banqueted
last night, and the Bay City's will have
the same pleasure to-night at a down
town rotisserie.
— . . ■»■ .
Music at St. Dominic's.
The following musical programme wil
be rendered at St. Dominic's to-day: Pro
lude; Suite, Dethler; Mendelssohn's ora
torio; Hymn of Praise in its entirety; of
fertory: orpan solo: "In Paradisium," Du
bois: chorus. "O Saiutaris." Tebbs; Tan
turn Erp/>, T,e Jeal Iswng for the first time
fn any church); postlude, l-'ugue in D ma
jor, Bach! Soloists, Miss <'Inra Atkins
and Rhys Thomas; organist. Franklin
Palmer.
Sermon on Joan of Arc.
This morning th" members of the
Loapue of the Sacred Heart of St. Fran
cis' Center will receive holy communion
making the beatification of Joan of Arc
their intention. In the evening after ves
pers the. pastor. Rev. T. C'araher, will
preach upon "The Maid of Orleans."
Sold Sand for Sugar.
M. J. Shea, who sold a sack of sand for
sugar to Joseph Sweetman. 812 Sixth
street, on April 12, was convicted by
Judge Mogan on thp charge of petty lar
ceny by trick and device, and was ordered
to appear for sentence to-morrow. Shea's
companion In the deal has not yet been
captured.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
£% 5§ a W E Br 85 Wfo
Wise Words to Sufferers
/^^^^^^^W\ From a Woman of Notre Dame, .Ind.
iM^|«l^^^^^^^^^^kr'l&\l li\ l will mail, free of any charge, this Home Treat-
MMMBe22£^^**&tsB^3gk '»■'' 11 1 li\ ment with full instructions and the history of my own
MMUi'MImM *^p££*sg* '{/A \ u l\ case to any lady suffering from female trouble. You
Jfffi /'///iJ^^^SS*' 1 ' Wh VI II can cure yourself at home without the aid of any
»Mf ; ''-' !i 'lfflOH'«B* iSSftßfflii \\\\ 11 physician. It will cost you nothing to give the
mllii , I'flfmW ' hS*^ S^B : 'BmH lib, Vin'il tre; ' - m ent a trial, and if you decide to continue it
■#;/ -iMms "'-' ' Zr'MHkw: *.' Vi 11 1 will only c ? st you ' about twelve cents a week.
Ef:|M ( ' A^Jt^-- tduNnw &■' \ liii It will not 'interfere with your work or occupation.
Wf'i/M'i ''? ilLi '" V|fflSH3//*tM r-I ' have nothing to sell. Tell other sufferers of it—
Wi'm^ \W*££r^ -' ffSflffi \W\ V ■/ that is aU I ask * II cures a 1 ' youn£r or old.
'-'ll / '■"* '-'^ J &* WSk iflr *S~ If you feel a bearinp-down sensation, sense of
\flr 3 ''''/Wis£>- <^H^if? ' SSflftW ' Ikf impending evil, pain in the back or bowels, creeping-
x4? / |wjfi|§S3Sfi|^i' P&Smf " 5 ,&r feeling up the spine, a desire to cry frequently, hot
X' ''■■'■ W~\ ' '--'-? W'ws ]/r flashes, weariness, frequent desire to urinate, or if you
liyßl^^^^ y.ym)} jt .have Leucorrhea (Whites), Displacement or Falling
# "'''%\ ' °' the Womb, Profuse, Scanty or Painful Periods,
* \J*^^ ' Tumors or Growths, address MRS. M. SUMMERS,
£^^^*^ . NOTRE DAME, IND., U. S. A., for the Free
Treatment and Full Information.
Thousands besides myself have cured themselves with it. I send it in plain wrappers.
TO MOTHERS OF DAUGHTERS I will explain a simple Home Treatment which speedily and
effectually cures Leucorrhea, Green Sickness and Painful or Irregular Menstruation in young- ladies.
It will save you anxiety ■ and expense and save vnur daughter the humiliation of explaining her
troubles to others. Plumpness and health always result from its use.
Wherever you live I can refer you to well-known ladies of your own state or county who know and
will gladly tell any sufferer that this Home Treatment really cures all diseased conditions of our
delicate female organism, thoroughly strengthens relaxed muscles and ligaments which' cause dis-
placement, and makes women well. Write to-day, as this offer will not be made again. Address
MRS. M. SUfiriERS, Box 34, Notre Dame, Irid., U.S.A.
PIGEONS BRING
NEWS FROM THE
CITY OF PEKING
Naval Carrier Two
Days on the Wing.
A WOMAN'S SAD HOMECOMING
REACHED PORT ONLY TO FIND
HER HUSBAND DEAD.
A Holiday Jaunt to Alaska and Ha
waii on a Sailing Ship — A New
Crew for the Transport
Sherman.
One of the homing pigeons from the j
United States lofts at Mare Island flew j
aboard the steamer Greenwood last I
Thursday. Captain Fajerlund was in his
cabin at the time and the bird made its
way in through the open port and set
tled down exhausted on the taUe. The
bird had been flying from 5:35 p. m. on the
16th to 5:30 a. m. on the ISth inst. After i
sivins the pigeon some bread crumbs and !
a drink of water Captain Fagerlund ex- !
amined it for some mark of identifica
tion. On a slip of paper in a quill he
found written: "This bird is the property
of the United States navy yard. If j
caught or shot please report band num
ber to the Bureau of Equipment." On j
another slip of paper was written: "On !
board steamer City of Peking, May 16,
5:35 P- m. L.eft dock at 1:10 p. m. Our j
party for S. E. Department Cavite, Ma
nila, composed of H. D. Smith, F. H. j
Sovereign, A. D. Smith, George P. Bitmap :
(several other names were unreadable), •
are all well and in much better spirits
than when we started. Best wishes to
all our friends. (Signed) George P. Bur
nap."
"We were five miles outside the heads
when the bird new into my cabin," said
Captain Fagerlund. "That was at 5:30 j
o'clock on the morning of the 18th, and*
the poor little thing was dead btat. It
was all wet and seemed to have been |
in the water, but whether it was or not ;
1 cannot say. If it was released on the
evening ol May lt> it may have nown to
the Farailonea and rested there for the
night and then gone on toward Mare Isl- :
and. Yesterday I took my ship up to j
Port Costa, and while I was there 1 took i
the bird buck to Mare Island. It was one !
of a number they are training and had \
been sent out on the Peking for a les
son."
The steamer Colon arrived from Pan
ama and way ports yesterday. Among
her cabin passengers were Captain J. C.
Bruguiere and A. Alexandroff. The lat
ter is a Russian and cannot Bpeak a word
of English. When Questioned in Spanish
he refused point blank to answer any
questions. All the customs authorities
could get out of him was that be had
$10,000 in roM with him and he wanted to
see the Chief of Police. A clerk from the
Russian consulate was sent for and finally
Mr Alexandroff was straightened 'out and
allowed to land.
Captain Bruguiere was master of the
steamer Starbuck that was wrecked on
the Central American coast a few months
ago. He remained by the vessel until he
saw there was no hope of saving her and
then came on to San Francisco.
What will probably be one of the most
enjoyable pleasure trips ever got up in
San Francisco will leave here about June
1. It will take in "the land of the mid
night sun" and "the paradise of the Pa
cific." besides tither islands of the South
ern Sea?. Hind, Rolph & Co.'s schooner
yacht Honoipu will carry the pleasure
seekers and she will be gone about three
months. From San Francisco the Honoi
pu will go to Killisnoo. -ilaska. Ton days.
one of them the longest in the year, will
be ?p^nt there. Aft.?r watching the sun
sink gradually to the horizon and then
without disappearing gradually rise
again the party will p;iy a visit to Sitka
on the steamer Favorite. Returning to
the Honoipu they will sail for Hawaii. A
stay of two weeks will be made in the
Paradise of the Pacific, r : ving everybody
a fhani'P to sen all th< points of interest.
after which thp schooner's prow will be
turned toward San Francisco.
The bark S. C. Allen arrived from Hon
olulu yesterday. When tjie vessel came
to anchor h very unpleasant duty de
volved upon Captain Johnson. Among the
passengers was Mrs. C. Phillips, a school
teacher in Honolulu. A month or so ago
her husband was taken sick and he came
to California for medical treatment. From
San Francisco he went to Los Angeles
and there he grew gradually worse and
died and was buried. Mrs. Phillips had
a presentiment that all was not well with
her husband and ca.ne to San Francisco
on the Allen prepared to nurse him hack
to health. When the tug Reliance went
out to take the bark to the sugar re
rinery Captain Brokaw told the news of
Mr. Phillips' death to Captain Johnson
and he broke it to the widow.
James Muspratt. one of the engineers
on the transport Sherman, had his foot
crushed in the refr'gerating machinery
yesterday. At the Harbor Hospital Dr.
Himmeibach had to amputate the big toe
of his left foot. The chances are that
Muspratt will he able to go out on the
transport when she sails to-morrow night
or Tuesday morning.
With the exception of the captain and
his- officers the Sherman will take out an
entirely new crew. The men in the en
gineer's department will be: George R.
Kingsland. chief engineer: H. Vinkee,
first assistant: Owen Hickey and W. Cro
nan. second assistants: A. McCulloch. S.
G. BHlir.gs and G. Bin!, third assistants;
B. C. Patterson. George Munro, B. Camp,
water tenders: A. C. Barrett and Frank
Goodman, electricians: W. f'ushen, J.
Muspratt, refrigerating engineers; W. C.
Kruger and O. Sellers, plumbers: H. T.
Dittman and W. C. Lacembcr. storekeep
ers; and P. F. Ram. deck engineer.
The wagon load of tombstones that wont
overboard from the steamer Aurora last
Friday morning was recovered yesterday.
A diver had to be sent down and after
he made the tackle f ast the wagon was
raised without much trouble. The wagon
load of furniture is still at the bottom of
the bay and the chances are that it will
stay there. The weight of the tombstones
has driven wagon and furniture almost
out of sight in the mud.
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
FREE TO SUFFERERS.
The New Cure for Kidney, BladdeP
and Uric Acid Troubles.
Almost everybody who reads the'
newspapers is sure to know of the won-
derful cures made by Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the trreat kidney remedy.
It is the great medical triumph of the
nineteenth century; discovered after
years of scientific research by Dr. Kil-
mer, the eminent kidney and bladder
.specialist, and is wonderfully success-
ful In promptly curing kidney, liver,
bladder and uric acid troubles.
Swamp-Rcot has been tested in so
many ways, in hospital work, in private
practice, among the helpless, too poor
to purchase relief, and has proved so
successful in every case that a special
arrangement has been made by which
all readers of The Call who have not
already tried it may have a sample
bottle sent free by mail, also a book
: telling more about Swamp-Root and
! how to find out if you have kidney or
bladder trouble. When writing mention
reading this generous offer in the San
Francisco Call and send your address
to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, X.
Y. The regular fifty-cent and one-dol-
lar sizes are sold by all first-class drug-
gists.
SECOND SUCCESSFUL TEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERY ROOM IS SATUR-
ated with a germicide. The patient lives in
111 atmosphere- that positively kills the germ
of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to the weak-
ening night sweats and cough. Temperature
falls to normal, and four weeks' treatment in-
variably increases weight from six to twenty
pounds.
The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist.
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "I
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
Im- Not Im-
Character ! No. [ Cured, | proved, proved. Total.
Ist Stage.'. 34 29 5 0 2i
,2d Stage.. 36 12 22 2 38
:3d Stage.. 30 3 - 12 15 SO
1 ! — .
The Sanatorium is owned and operated by
j the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co., practicing th»
Antiseptic Germicial Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
physicians and nurses are In attendance. The
' Sanatorium is lighted by gas and heated by
i steam and open fires. The roomp— over 100 in
number— are cheerful, sunny and well fur-
i nished.- Many suites have private baths.
Th« Sanatorium is delightfully located, nine
miles from Los %\ngeies, surrounded by twelve
acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
i liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet groundtf
! are free for use . of patients. Fuller particu-
lars, together with our pamphlet, containing
views of the Sanatorium and surroundings and
i our methods of treatment, will be mailed free
: an application.
i Address all Inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
TORIUM CO.. San Gabriel. Cal. .
Sano-Rioß:^
THE HOWIE REMEDY N IfJS!
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS if theTiS
■wiping. For all Mmm j>airts, irregularities and difficulties no
I remedy on earth G qr)ft fJJ— Easily applied by ladyher-
equa"* '.ha fatrqns «» J * self. KeUere» all pnin
Bin \«'omb or Ovaries In 10 minute*.
Promptly relieves Headache, Nausea, Blood and
Blidiler Troubles, Faintness, Nervousness, Fear
and Despondency. Cures Leucorrhoea, \Yor.:>
Complaints, Displacements, Backache, Bsanng
Down Pains and all Femile Disorders.
Bnn!»he« Soreness and Ulcerations.^^3r7\
Cheer» the spirits and VltpMzeßKjllJ
the 'vl-.c'.e frame. Safe, Sui-e and \j«ri;.y
1 Absolutely Harmless. One 50 c?nt bos will •*••
t complete a cure in ordinary cases.
QTnDQ At I DAiM sold by all druggists.
0 I IK 0 ALL ! ASP! or mailed m plain wrapper on receipt
IN !Q MINUTES ThePerfeetoCo.CaxtonßldK.CUc3«o
Bold by Owl DrUS Co., Baldwin Pharmacy,
' W. .1. Bryan (two stores). Grant Drug Co., in
; Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A Cjß 10511IA-SZSTST.tst.6t!:S7tt,S.P.W.- 1 >
; cf^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
1 ' oJ»e»v World. Weaknesses or any contracted ( \
t SfS'aJijl disease posi«i*rly cur«!ili)y the oldest '
© IE 31 Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. ()
i fljlfi DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES,
\ ¥ (3?IS}J&H Consultation free sr.d strictly private. \
§1 AWT! Treatmeni personally or by letter. A §
\I If ill Pontnc Cure in every case undertaken. W
iff \\& ' vv "< - f-">r Hook.I»«II.OS«»HHV«f i
"II I K*nHIAGE, MAILED FKE.B. (A"
> U |J, valuable boplc for mm) 1
V DR. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
UEBIisJ'C FOR EITHER SEiC.
£,E BnUn OThis remedy being in-
jected directly to the
G' y* b^& seat of those diseases
Q t I ■■ of the Genito-Vrinary
Ma In Organs, requires no
%3& w*E change of diet- Care
~m m ' v^ h£2w guaranteed in 1 to 3
===== days. Small plain pack-
ifVfTlSVe^ b >' mail, SI.OO.
\d? %J JEfeJSfi«*old only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., Sole Agents.
: m Kearny st.. San Francisco. Cal.
ffQ iThlebt*tev>e EnffUalt Diamond BranO. --v
f ennyroVal hits
ENNYROYAL PILLS
9 -^*X Original and Only Geonlnc. A
Aj) J^aVL Druggist tor'Ckiclicttrr's l»diis *a!t £*\
Fiill V*v*« Draggist fcr Chichritrr s Engine Z>;a-j£s\» k
y%jll' Ji6c\mi.i,i Brand in Red &ad Gold metallic
T~v — Z?^iTjboxes. sealed with bins ribbon. Take \Sr
I^l Wi wSno other. Rtflut dongeroua rubititu- V
I / ~ ffftioma and imitation*. At Droggiits, or teat 4«.
V V B "Kellof for Ladles," in testimonials
\^J* KB "Rellof for Ladles," in letter, bj return
mJ< 17 Mall. 10.000 Ti-Mimaaiali. /Tome Fapir.
„ rChlnhc»t«'rOeiJ«lcßlCc
■»!• by *11 Local UnngUU. PHIL.i t?&
SfplDß. HALL'S RtINVIIiORATOR
s|g MH Five "> hundred reward for any
i^** *~« case we cannot cure. This secret
[L — E remedy stocs all losses in 2*
fitly EdM hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
T7p Vitfn tency, Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea,
%.- - «3SF Gleet, Fits. Strictures. Lost
M*BL_J9RbJ Manhood and all wasting effects
«« i ■ 2-? of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
i sealed, $2 bottle: 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
I cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, BSS Broadway, Oakland, Cat. Also
j for sale at 1073% Market St., S. F. All private
j diseases quickly cured. Send for free book. '
PI ■ ■■ 4p2fc M~AC'S infallible Pi; 9
111 B B IT V Cure! Cure? all cases of
Opi on V blind. bleeding, itching
1 1 ff^ m^k protruding piles. Cases of
a H I m. M years' standing cured by
■ "~"^~,^^ l single 50c box,
A. McBOYLE & CO., Druggists,
504 Washington Street, San Francisco.
ii ?PATENTSf f)
! V£^33o MARKET ST. Sf.^SSr
nirPn HI! I Corner Fourth and
I ALL KM! ft Market, S. F. Try
I Url" hll I ill our s P eclal Brew
UHI L IIU I HL Steam and La eer.
Will L lIVJ 111 L. £c . Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
Weekly Gall, $1,00 Year
910
MORE DIGNIFIED
THAN THE PRINCE
Criticism in Loodon Over tl)e
Refusal of McKJoley to Wear
Golf Clothes.
Special Cable to The Call and tlie New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899,
by James Gordon Bennett.
9 LONDON, May 20.— N0 little amusement has been created in society Q
<?> and golf circles here by a story cabled to this country that Mr. McKin- <:>
9 ley is afraid he would look undignified were he seen in golf clothes ac- °
o companied by a caddy. O
♦ "Is a game that is dignified enough for the Prince of Wales not |>
$, sufficiently so- for the President of the United States?" is a question . <$>
O which people are asking. It must be said that while' society people are o
£ laughing at the story they do not give it much credit.
<$> Apropos of the above subject the Evening News publishes the fol- <$>
O lowing lines: O
What degradation may there be? What loss of manly dignity, in
a boldly driving off the tee, or is it that, perhaps, you know, your limbs, <♦>
6 I mean the ones below, in heather stockings clad, would show but O
£ thinly, McKinley?" £
PRISON ASSAULTS
WILL BE CHECKED
Solitary Confinement
for Offenders.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SACRAMENTO. May 20.— The State
Board of Prison Directors held a meeting
at the State prison at Folsom this even-
Ing. Two questions of moment came be
fore the board and both were disposed of.
was the selection of a successor to
Warden Hale of San Quentin, the other
v. a the consideration of what punish-
Bhould be meted out to murderously
■": convicts.
Martin J. Agulrre of Los Angeles was
the ;ij-T<<'i >r of Warden Hale at
San Quentin, the appointment to take
effect on June 1. The- election was not
made outright, owing to the absence of
Director Hayes. Un Saturday next a
Ing will be held at which it is ex
■! all the 1 Hrectors will be pr<
the purpose of ratifying the action
tiki n to-day. The resolution to select
AfUlrre as Warden was introduced by
r Wilktns.
The succession of lat<- of murderous at- !
tacks by convicts has caused the Board
r< alize that some action
!•:• n to prevent similar occur
in ti:-- future. During the past sev
• have !•< en a number ol
of which ;
those which ended with deadly re- 1
suits have been made known to the pub
lic.
The prison authorities think it the part
of wisdom to maintain silence in regard
The murder of a
convict by Jacob Oppenheimer at
m last August, followed within a few
mont:. • same convict's deadly as
sault at £san Quentin on Guard McDonald,
I a rise in public sentiment that
has led tiie. Board of Directors to take
action.
The Directors to-nierht adopted a rule
which may S'<-m to many to be very
stringent, but the Directors feel that in
- of this kind the- punishment should
fit the criin--. The rule is that hereafter j
when a prisoner is found with a deadly
n on his person he should be kept
in solitary confinement during the re
mainder of the term for which he is Ben-
D though that term be lif>\ The
rule has been made ex post facto in the j
if "Toughy" Wilson, alias "Shy |
Red." Wilson recently made a murderous
assault upon a fellow convict. He has
thirty-fix years yet to serve of a forty
and during these thirty-six
he will be kept Isolated from the
other prisoners, being allowed only short:
for exercise in the open air as a ,
from his celL
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Captain Kelleher Discharged From
Service Because of Physical
Disability.
WA SHING T< iX . Ma y 20.— The Secre
tary of the Interior has patented three
lists of land to the Central and Southern
C railroads, viz., 31:*.' acres in Red
ding ■ acres in Susanville and
o^'.< In Los Angeles district
The Seen tary of the Interior has
granted permission to the North Ameri
can Commercial Company of San Fran
clsco i<< sell firearms to Indians of Alaska
*.t Dutcb Harbor and Wood Island.
Russell C. Allen v. .. appointed
taster at Benita, San Diego County,
California, vice 1. I>. Walters, resigned.
Tlie Postoffice Department has estab
lished five sub-stations of the postoffice at
Tacoma, Wash.
Pensions— < Jallfornia: Original— Charles
Charles A. Henry, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, $8. Additional— Joseph A. Hara
ilton, Loi Increase-
Ed ward Brady, San Francisco, %6 to (8;
Elijah L. Lyon, San Francisco, $9 to $17.
Original widows, etc. (special May 11)—
Matilda S. Aitk>'n, San Francisco, |S; El
len Jean, Pasadena, $V
Oregon: Original— George \Y. Hender
shot, McMinnville, $G. Restoration and
increase— William H. Baker, Glendale, $3
to |14.
Washington: Original— John M. Poore,
Seattle, $*>. Original widows, etc. (re
issue) — Mary E. Robinson, Spokane, JS.
Army orders: By direction of the Sec
retary of War. Captain Alfred J. Kelle
ber, adjutant of the First California In
fantry, is discharged the Bervlce of the
United States, to take effect June t>, by
reason of physical disability.
The following enlisted men now at sta
tions designated after their respective
names will be discharged the service of
the United States by the commanding
officers of their respective stations: Sec
ond Class Private Raul Renie, ordnance
detachment, Benlcia arsenal, CaL; Pri
vate John Dolan, Battery E, Third
United States Artillery, Fort Mason, Cal.;
Private Frederick Muller, hospital corps,
Presidio of San Francisco.
Lieutenant Colonel Marion P. Mans, in
spector general United States Volun
teers, will proceed to San Francisco and
report in person to the commanding gen
eral, Department of California, for as
signment as inspector general of that de
partment to take effect July 1. Lieuten
ant Colonel Maus will be relieved from
duty at the headquarters of the army in
time to enable him to comply with this
order.
By direction of the President, under the
provisions of the act of Congress, the
Assistant Secretary of War directs thai
the following enlisted men now at sta
tions designated at their respective
names be upon their own application
placed \ipon the retired list, to take ef
fect upon the receipt of this order at the
posts, and repair to their homes: Ser
geant Philip Frenger, band, Third United
States Artillery. Angel Island; Sergeant
Jewett Curtis, Company B, Fourteenth
United States Infantry, Dyea, Alaska.
MINERS ORGANIZE.
Tuolumne County Association Formed
at Sonora.
SONORA, May 20.— A California miners'
lation was organized here to-day.
The organization formed is to be called
the Miners' Association of Tuolumne
County. Captain W. H. ICcCllntock was
elected president, James M. M<"aghan, D.
Dorward, M. D. Kelly. Sidney Sprout, W.
R. Gillis, David R. Oliver, Edward Mur
phy. W. H. Scott and C. A. Holland vice
presidents, Charles R. Thorburn secretary
and James Mr-Cormick treasurer. An ex
ecutive committee of twenty-one was ap
pointed by the president.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
BOERS MAY GET
AN ULTIMATUM
Fiasco to Be Followed by
a Call-Down.
Copyrighted, 1599, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, May 20.— The great Johan
nesburg plot against the Transvaal is
classed as having fizzled out like a
damp firecracker. It is claimed that the
Boer organs first tried to magnify the
affair into another Jameson raid, but
now have abandoned the attempt in de
spair. It is further asserted that the
men arrested comprised a couple of
Boer agents, who, some people claim,
probably engineered the whole scheme.
The remainder of the prisoners are de
scribed by a Times correspondent as a
set of honest but drunken wastrels,
whose intention was. only to prepare
for the defense of the town against pos
sible Boer violence in case of war. The
police are believed to be responsible for
the discovery of the conspiracy. No
body thinks that President Kruger
knew anything of the hatching of the
affair, as he is looked upon as being
too shrewd not to see a fiasco.
An interesting insight into Boer meth
ods was given in a report that most of
the barmaids at Johannesburg receive
handsome rewards from the Boer se
cret service fund for spying upon cus
tomers.
Much importance is attached to the
coming meeting between Sir Alfred
Milner, the British High Commissioner
ol South Africa and Governor of Cape
Colony, and President Kruger at Bloem
fontein, capital of the Orange Free
State. There is general anticipation
that Sir Alfred Milner has been in
structed by Joseph Chamberlain, Secre
tary of Stale for the Colonies, to put
forth certain demads In the shape of
concessions to the outlanders, in a form
practically amounting to an ultimatum.
and that the Boers will be required to
accept and carry out the British de
mands within a specified period or the
Transvaal will be occupied by British
troops.
Outlanders who have just returned
from the Transvaal are strongly of th-
(.pinion that President Kruger will now
give in if Great Britain takes the bull
by the horns. They add that the Boers
will arm and that there will bf a rattle
of swords and scabbards, but that they
will finally yield without bloodshed.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct froto ocean
COLONEL MAUS' DETAIL.
Transfer to San Francisco Said to Be
a Rebuke to Him.
WASHINGTON, May 20.-Lieutenant
Colonel Maus, having been detached as
an aid on General Miles' staff, in which
capacity he has served for a number of
I years, and ordered to San Francisco as
< inspector general under General Shafter,
it has been gossiped here that this was 1
further rebuke to him. The beef court
censured him. together with his superior,
; General Miles, but his assignment to San
Francisco as inspector general was solic
ited by himself and heartily indorsed by
i General Miles, and is in no sense to be
considered as an outgrowth of the recent
Investigation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GASSEN'S
A German Scientist's Wonderful Inven=
tions Which Have Startled the Entire
Medical World.
No Treatment. No Drugs.
The appliances invented by Paul Gassen of Cologne, Germany, for the
removal of IMPOTENCY effect AT ONCE a PERMANENT.: and IMME-
DIATE CURE, irrespective of age, condition or temperament. ABSO-
LUTELY IMPERCEPTIBLE; their effect is INSTANTANEOUS and
CERTAIN.
The medical faculty of Europe and America* have strongly indorsed ;
them, and such world-famed specialists as Yon Kraft-Ebing. Furbringer
and Levy have tendered their recommendations under oath.
PATRONS MAY BRING WITH THEM ANY REPUTABLE
PHYSICIAN THEY DESIRE.
fit hrmfrU y wwPmln
Sole Agents in America for PAUL GASSEN'S APPLIANCES.
8& C 2 G^A#V: : : STREET (Near Powell,) S. F.
ENTIRE building.
Telephone Red 3206.
Or a: : :*ri;» Offi:e, :No. > West -Ist St., New York.
Office hours— to 12 a. m.; 1:3*0 to 5 p. m.; evenings, 7:30 to 9 o'clock.
Sundays, 10 a: m.-to 1 p. m.
PrivatX appointments can be arranged "by correspondence (strictly
confident ia\. . . ; . ■ • . ■ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
MODUS VIVENDI
AS TO CANADA
Englishmen Anxious for
a Settlement.
AFRAID OF UGLY DISPUTES
SITTING OF THE COMMISSION IS.
EARNESTLY DESIRED.
Britons and London Newspapers
Hope for Temporary Terms
Pending Adjustment of
Alaska Boundary.
Copyrighted, 1599, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, May 20.— The fate of the
Anglo- American-Canadian Commission
is naturally regarded here as a matter*
of great importance, and the various
rumors and reports on the subject at
tract much attention. A dispatch from
Washington to the effect that the re
sumption of the commission's labor de
pends upon a settlement of the Alaskan
boundary dispute has been published in
this city, and a representative of the
Associated Press made inquiries at the
center of negotiations in London. From
an unimpeachable source he obtained
the following statement:
■J he thorn} i.a^. t of the Alaskan
question makes it probable that the re
sumption of the sittings of the com
mission will be withdrawn from dis
cussion to be taken up later should cir
cumstances be favorable. The Alaskan
question, in fact, has practically been
dropped out of the discussion, and the
statement that its discussion and set
tlement will be the sine qua non of the
resumption of the sittings Of the com
mission is inaccurate."
The representative of the Associated
Press was assured that the matter has
been discussed in the most conciliatory
spirit on both sides. The newspapers
here express regret at the fact that the
Alaskan dispute has grown more acute
at a time when the relations between
the two countries are so cordial, and
the news that thi conference will prob
! ably be resumed in the autumn has
I given satisfaction.
The Globe, commenting on the dis
' patch of American troops to Alaska,
I says: "Pending the meeting of the con
| ference the first step to be taken after
the preliminaries are settled will be to
arrange a modus Vivendi, and no time
must be lost in doing this if the situa-
I tion is not to be lamentably complicat
' ed by n conflict which will make the
final settlement mur * difficult than
1 ever."
SAN FRANCISCO ELKS
FETED AT STOCKTON
"Best People on Earth" Enjoy an
Outing at the San Joaquin
City.
STOCKTON, May 20.— Twenty-five mem
bers of the San Francisco Order of Elks
arrived here on the evening train and
wr<- met at the depot by a big crowd of
Stockton good fellows. The visitors
brought with thr-m music and pood cheer,
and the local committee had spared no
pains to make things lively. There were
speaking and story-telling at the lodgre
room, Rev. Dr. Evans, a great favorite
of the Stockton lodge, saying the words
of welcome. Dr. Evans is not a member
of the order, but is on friendly terms
with the lodge.
From tin 1 lodtreroom th^ merry-makers
went to the Yos. mite Hotel dining rooms,
where there was a banquet. Eloquence,
mirth and fraternal sentiment prevailed
till a late hour.
DEATH OF EX-STATE
SENATOR D. M. POOL
Passing of a Man Who Was Promi
nent in the Democratic Coun
cils of California.
STOCKTON, May 20.— Ex-State Senator
D. M. Pool died this morning at the resi
dence of his son, G. G. Pool. Death was
the result of old age, he having been in
his seventy-ninth year.
Senator Pool was a native of Alabama, a
| gentleman of the old Southern school
and a life-long Democrat. In l^ he went
i to the State Senate from the district com
prising Blariposa, M reed and Stanislaus
i counties. He was a personal fnmd of
I Senator Hearst and other prominent Dem
ocrats of his time. Mr. Poo) came to thia
State in the early fifties. He was never a
! money-getter, but his genial disposition
and integrity gathered around him a host
of stanch friends.
Bringing Crossley Back.
CHEYENNE, Wyn., May 2u.— Sheriff
Borgwardt of Kern Co.unty, California,
left here to-night with J. M. Crossley,
under arrest on a charge of embezzle
ment of $soo from Hooker & Co., hardware
merchants of San Francisco. Crossley
was captured at Rawlins, where, under
the alias Charles McDon\ell, he succeed
ed in getting $75 on a worthless check.
SYLVA OF SAUSALITO
SCURRIES TO COVER
Author of the Ludicrous Dog Ordi-
nance Admits That It Is
Defunct.
SAUSALITO, May 20.-Town Trustee A.
Bylva and his two satellites, Thomas and
Ambjornsen, are in mourning. That child
of their fancy, the famous dog ordinance,
making it lawful for a poundmastfr to
enter a house without a search warrant
and unlawful to resist his encroachment
upon the private domain, has proved a
failure.
This ordinance sprang full panoplied In
the garb of asininity from the fertile
brain of Sylva himself. When the citi
zens heard of the arbitrary piece of non
sense they were first Incredulous and then
laughed. But when the Trustees affirmed
their intention to see that the provisions
of the ordinance were respected indigna
tion took the place, of ridicule.
The whole municipal "push" couldn't
shove that ordinance along and Pound
master Slinkey was told he had better not
make an initial move. Then mental in
competency of the ordinance artisans di
rected by Sylva was exposed in an edi
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, rates,
manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished, table un-
surpassed: lighted by electricity.
• THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
1 Dancing Hall In Lake County, together with
■ ; complete Livery Stable. Gentle Saddlo Horsei
and Ponies. *
I OVER 80 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance: superb climate:
' 1 beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer and
; email game plentiful; magnificent drives;
i baths in variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
; Reached by the shortest stage route Into Laka
I County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
1 via Hopland. $8: via Calistoga, $9.
Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to $14 per week.
j Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland. or
6. P. R. R. to Callstoga. For illustrated pam-
| phlet or further Information address J. CRAI».
' Highland Springs. Lake County. CaL. or see
L. D CRAIG. Sl6 Montgomery st.
1 Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sal* at
< Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co.. Thirteenth
and WebKter sts., Oakland.
AHRENS. PEIN & BULLWINKEU
620 Post f.t . San Francisco.
SKfiGGS'HDTSPRINGS
!
Sonoma County: only 4>4 hours from San
' Francisco and but 9 miles' staging; waters
' noted for medicinal virtues: best natural bath
1 In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
-1 tain scenery; good trout streams at door; pho-
; tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
mail and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
stages- round trip from San Francisco only
' ' $5 50. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30
; p. m. Terms. $2 a day or $12 a week. Ref-
erences, any guest of the past four years.
Patronage constantly Increasing— year un-
precedented. J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
ROWARDENNAN,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS, ON SAN LOR-
enzo River. 3M? hours from S. F. ; 40 mm
I utes from Santa Cruz; grounds and river lit
by electricity; tennis, bowling, boating, bath-
Ing, fishing and- golf links: elegant hall and
dining room; club, billiard and smoking rooms;
' new hard-finished and elegantly furnished: tel-
, ephone Round trip, $3. Address W. E. v EA-
ZIE, Lessee, South Ben Lomond.
THREE MILES FROM URIAH. MENDO-
cIno County. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place In the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
j natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing and hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations and table
first-class. J. A. REDEMEYER * CO.. Props.
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Opening of new hotel; all modern improve-
ment?: running water and gas in every room.
A most picturesque spot and charming climate.
Mineral springs without their equal In Ameri- ■
ca 5 Easy staging, telephone and daily mail.
Rates, ' $10 to $14 per week. Special reduced ;
rates for small cottages. Write J. . MARTENS,
Prop., or F. A. BUSSE, 416 Pine St., city.
HOWELL MOUNTAIN,
A lovely homo one mile from Angwin's Hotel;
about 115 acres; 8 acres hay land; 7 acres full
hearing vineyard; fine spring, also well supplied
by a spring; house, barn and outbuildings;
adapted for summer resort. Apply to MRS. H.
T. WAGELAND, St. Helena, Napa Co., Cal.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; the water is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes: table unsur-
passed; fine fishing and hunting; stage dally
from Callstoga direct to springs; round trip at
Southern Pacific offices, $10. DR. W. R. PRA-
THER, Adam Spring.
BROOK SIDE.
The beautiful new resort at the head of
•Napa Valley Is now open. First-class ac-
commodations, hot and cold water, gas, baths,
mineral springs. For health, scenery, climate
and "beautiful drives It Is unsurpassed. Write
for pamphlet. LORRIN BOOTH, Prop., Cal-
lstoga, Cal. .
HOITT'S,
MENLO PARK, SAN MATEO CO. ONE
hour from San Francisco. Ten dally trains
each way. Open to guests- during June and
July. Address IRA G. HOITT.
HOT&L- BENVENUE
And cottages. Lakeport, Cal.— Large grounds;
new dancing pavilion, 80x40; fronts lake 200 ft.;
I fine bowling alley and shuffleboard; swimming,
boating, elegant yacht free;; children's play-
I ground; good table; no ■ Chinese • help. •F. &
A. M. SCALES, Proprietors.
I NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY; 7:30 A. M. AND 4
p. m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
I DREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs P. O.
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N. P. C. R. R.. the place to go for sum-
-1 mer: board or camp cottages; Sunday, excur-
sions, $1. For circulars address H. (i. MAR-
TIN, Camp Taylor, Cal. • ; , '
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
■ (Beswick. Slsklyou County. . Cal.) :.
Finest fishing and health ■ resort on the coast.
i Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
-1 SON BROS.. Proprietors. ■
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH. .'■.'=■
Good fishing, hunting, bathing; fresh
milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terms,
$7. E. M. SHELFORD, Cloveruale. Cal.
I Free carriage*. |M»aiSjggg <
torial of The Call, and at this cut the
Trustees sorrowfully buried their mate
rial manifestation of the ridiculous and
went into mourning. Slinkey and Sylva
both admit the ordinance to he defunct,
but dodge a further discussion of the
painful subject.
SUIT AGAINST UNION
BANK STOCKHOLDERS
Blanket Complaint Covering the
Claim of Each Depositor Is
Filed.
SAN JOSE, May 20.— A suit was filed
in the Superior Court this afternoon by
J. R. Welch, attorney for the organized
depositors of the Union Savings Bank,
against Edith Ayer, Clark Averill and
101 other stockholders. The pro rata de
manded of each defendant is $19 :K) for
each share of siock owned, the total be
ing $195,000.
The action is brought in the name of
C. W. Childs. B. G. Hurlburt. Louis Ar
gues, H. T. Besse and F. b\ Britton, the
committee to which assignments have
been made. There are 411 depositors rep
resented in the complaint, in as many
separate counts. The size of the sums
sued on range from $20 to $6500. The com
plaint is very bulky, covering 105 pages of
closely printed matter and containing
about 150.000 words.
There is still another suit that will be
brought by the depositors. It will be
against those stockholders who have ac
quired their stock within the last three
years. These defendants will number
Route to Paso Robles is /
down the coast through [<
Santa Clara Valley —
', prettiest part of Cali- ]
fornia. \
Pullman Car j:
Paso Robles I
i
Pullman car service San ]
I Francisco to Springs, i
! passing Stanford Uni- J
I versity and Lick Ob- )
| servatory, relieves the ;i]
trip of. traveling tedi- /
j cusness. { \
Otto E. Never, Prop. City Office, I,
Paso Robles, Cal. 636 Market st. I
I
--£^=35= =-£==
-<*SiiiilFl '
YOUR SUMMER OUTING.
Health are Hotel
and assured del "
I Pleasure . at Coronado
I Send for Pamphlets. Terms. Etc.
| Reduced Summer Rates now In Effect.
Apply at 4 New Montgomery St., S. F.
/Etna Springs
cures
many things.
2 trains daily— 7:3o a. m., 4 p. m. Round trip
11. Includes private carriage to Springs. W. L.
MITCHELL, Aetna Springs, Napa Co., Cal.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS
(Change of Management.)
R. ROBERTSON (for. the past five years at
Paraiso Springs), Prop, and Manager.
The hotel and cottages have been thoroughly
renovated — new furniture, beds, carpets, etc.
The Table the best the market affords. The
Baths refitted and Improved— at-
tendants and masseurs. Grounds and walks
beautified. Fine hunting and fishing. Trains
leave Third and Townsend sts., S. F.. at 9
a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gllroy for
the Spring. . DRUB
For Illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON. Gilroy . Hot Springs, Cal.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS,
Most Popular Resort on the Pacific
Coast. Take S. P. Ferryboat, foot of
Market St., 9 a. m. or 5 -p. m. Only 3
hours' ride. No staging. Carriage
meets you at the train. Fine Hotel.
Hot Mineral Baths pure Rheumatism.
Address A. BETTENS, Manager,
, Byron Hot Springs. Cal.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE. RESORT, VARIETY
of mineral springs, Soda. Sulphur, Magne-
sia, Iron and Arsenic: plunge bath: swimming
pool, billiards, shuffleboard, croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class; table good;
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip, $3 75. Stage
meets morning trains "nd Sat. eve. . FRESE &
JUERGENSEN. Mark West Springs, Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office. 912 Larkin st.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
VALLEY; now open for guests. For terms
and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Ma/in County, Cal. ;
"THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
AT NO. 20 MONTGOMERY ST.. KEEPS
the pamphlets of all principal California
Resorts tor FREE DISTRIBUTION. The pub-
lic are cordially invited to call or write. NO
CHARGE OF ANY KIND.
WORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer
home. . Every modern convenience. In and
out door sports. Forty-live minutes from San
Francisco. Table under personal care of MHS.
M. MERRY. Proprietor.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner, ■ -th one of the best
tables In the cuunty: $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip, S3 60.- S. F. and N. P. to Uklah: thence by
stage. Address- J. WIL'ON. Bertha, Lak»
County. Cal. ■
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland. ." Unequaled soda and
magnesia- springs; baths; furnished cottages.
Terms. $10 to $12. Buy through tickets. Send
for circular. O. HOWELL. Hopland. Cal.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE ' AND ' HOTEL.
. Climate, scenery, entertainment; none better
la Lake Co. cas Indoors and out.
H. WAiIBOLD.
WILL PROSECUTE
HEELER EDWARDS
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899,
by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, May 20.— The authorities have definitely decided to prose
cute Dr. Edwards, who claims that he is in some mysterious way the rep
resentative of St. Paul, and who has been practicing his so-called mirac
ulous cures in Paris for some time past.
A magistrate who went to his rooms found crowds awaiting their
turn to be healed, and all excitedly declared that if their savior were
driven from Paris by law they would follow him wherever he went. A
number of ladies of the foreign colony have given most enthusiastic' cv!
dence in favor of the mystic who is charged with illegally practicing
medicine. Cleo de Merode, Emma Calve and L'oie Fuller, besides manj
authors and artists, are willing to testify in his behalf.
about 125 and the total amount asked
from them will be about $;>■;,- -0*
Gift for Colonel Babbitt,
BBNICIA, May 20.— Colonel L. S. Bab
bitt to-day was made the recipient of a
handsome oak case, elaborately trimmed
with old gold and containing a silver set
SANTA CATALINA
S»4 Hours Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT. $
Write for Information about Catalina's won-
-1 derful attractions. World's records for rod and
i reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1 to
Sept.' 1. auspices Tuna Club. ' Sixth season
, of our famous Marine Hand.
' The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa,
i Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
■ Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
[ BANNING COMPANY, 222 South Spring St.,
Los Angeles, I ':1
Fk S lfs □ lAA HOT SPRINGS. - Thl*
Uf||Ja| IV 8 1 beautiful summer and
1 HSIMI ■« 9 I winter resort. now
I 111101 l W owned and managed by
DR. J. PERRAULT, 'who as resident physi-
! cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well. Is situated
: 150 miles south of San Francisco. In the Coast
: Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate Is soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and Iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths: delightful grounds: j
comfortable hotel: annex and cottages; good
hunting and fishing: grand scenery: lovely
I walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or Invalids or others
remaining more than one month. Trains daily
from Third and Townsend st. depot. 9 a. m.
(Pullman to ' Soledad. thence seven miles by
stage to Paraiso.) Round trip. $•!. For further
Information address J. PERRAULT. M.D.. Pa-
i raiso Springs, or city office. 336 Sinter St.. S. F.
; Th' Place for ATS/^U A "On In the FOOT-
RESTand ORCHARD™.™™.
HEALTH SPRINGS -c™- i
*->* awaiww IDC 0. r. Iv. K.
Plain. . Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery, Water, i
Mountain Air. Fruit and All the Year
Arounl Climate in California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad, !
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Addrsss Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal.
Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CRUZ, CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE -RESORT. LO-
cated on a flowering slope from the beach.
Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains, i
Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds I
and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
i dress J. B. PEAKES, Proprietor.
J. T. BROOKS. Chief Clerk.
HARBIN'S HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
The. Best In the U/orld.
HOTEL. COTTAGES and GROUNDS light-
ed with ACETYLENE GAS. Open the year
round. Sulphur, Iron, Magnesia and Arsenic.
All kinds of baths. WONDERFUL CORES
of Rheumatism. Catarrh, Dyspepsia. Paraly-
p!«, Skin Diseases and Kidney. Liver and I
Stomach troubles. Long distance phone.
Terms. $10 to $18 per week. Dally stage from
CallsOga. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS: FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and fish-
ing; artificial lake for boating and swimming;
j long distance telephone; campers' return tick-
I ets, $2 50; hotel open the year round. Send for
I circulars to J. H. HA ESTERS, Glenwood. Cal.
RflfA HftTFT The grandest resort in the
DUWA IIUICL Sierra Nevada* for the
hunter and fisherman; pleasant sunny rooms,
good boating on lake: boats free to guests;
prices reasonable, $8 to $10 per .week; special
rates for families. The celebrated Truckee
River trout are unequaled in California- W. J.
McDonald. Manager.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April L Ample accom-
modations In Hotel; also In new cottages. Just
completed. . •
MRS. f\. T. MOORE,
; BELVEDERE.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
Sanitarium and Mineral Springs. Glen Ellen,
Sonoma County; also 20 completely furnished
B-room cottages; good boating, fishing and
hunting; finest summer resort and mineral
water tor all diseases in America: camping ;
ground and mineral water free. Apply to Dr.
C. C. O'Donnell. 1021 Vi Market st., bet. Sixth
and Seventh, San Francisco.
Yosemite Valley and Big Trees.
Superior accommodations and lowest rates
via the "Valley Koad" route. For full par-
ticulars address JOHN MOSS. Traffic Dept.,
I . 321 Market St.. San Francisco. .
MENDENH ALL MINERAL SPRINGS.
Open under . new management, on cottage
plan; 2000 feet above sea; average heat, 75
degrees Stage connects with trains at Liver-
more at 2:15 p. m. Entire fare from San Fran-
cisco, $2 50: For -particulars address DR.
FRANK PITT, Proprietor, Livermore, Cal.
IN MENDOCINO COUNTY.
Beautiful eecnery and drives; " unexcelled
hunting: best trout fishing In California; excel-
lent table, $7 CO per week; fine rigs for accom-
modation of guest*: daily malls. Get full par-
ticulars from A. H. YORDI. SO9 Call build-
inj.'. San Francisco. ,
'GUA CALIENTE SPRINGS,
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via Tib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Water, gas. electric bells. : . Rates $10 to
$12 pet week, $2 per day. Address Aqua Call-
ente Springs, Aqua. Callente, Sonoma Co., Cal.
WDITP w - H. MILLER, Ukiah Stables, for
111 I C economical and best way and ac-
commodations to Springs in Lake and Mendo-
clno counties. Stage for. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell, Saratoga Springs. Witter Springs and
Upper Lake.
CURRY'S Yosemite camping excursions— All
expenses, $50, for 12 days, 8 days in the val-
ley; Investigate my plan. DAVID A. CURRY, i
care of Valley Road, 321 Market st., S. F. 1
of five pieces. The occasion was one of
farewel] to Colonel ami Mrs. Babbitt. Th •>
colonel has for the last nine years been
the commanding officer of the arsi nal.
The presentation was made by the en
listed men of the arsenal. Sergeant Ben
nlngton delivering the speech. I'nionel
Babbitt responded feelingly. Colonel Bab
bitt will leave next week for the East.
FREE CAMPING
Ideal camping spots all along the main
line, Sonoma and Guerneville branches of
the California Northwestern Railway
(lessee San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway), the picturesque route of Call-
fornia. While parties can camp any-
where, close to or remote from the rail-
road, a few picturesque spots especially
adapted for campers have been selected
on account of their easy access to San
Francisco.
Glen Ellen Pafk and four miles along
Sonoma Creek, beautifully shaded. Excel-
lent fishing and bathing. Mr. C. E. Har-
vey, at Glen Ellen, will show locations.
Mirabel . Park, on our Guerneville
branch, adjoining the railroad, and skirted
by Mark West Creek, which is now
dammfcd, affording fine bathing, boating 1
for two miles, and good fishing. Man in
charge. Row boats at reasonable rental.
Guerneville; in the midst of the redwood
country, and on the Russian River, is
practically the terminus of the Guerne-
ville branch. The people of the town and
vicinity, under the name of the Business
Men's Association, of Guerneville, offer
free camping sites throughout the whole
section. The Russian River will be
dammed, affording a. magnificent sheet of
water for bathing and boating. Mr. D.
Connell, proprietor of the livery stable at
Gueraeville, representing the association, i
will meet all trains, and without charge
will show prospective campers the various
locations.
To and from all these points double
daily train service. *
Supplies delivered on the grounds by
the merchants of the adjoining towns.
Tickets for camping parties are to be
procured at Ticket Office. 650 Market st.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office, 660 Market St.. Chronicle building,
or at General Office. Mutual Life building,
Sansome and California streets.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN. 1
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thl« delightful watering place Is located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge bathe, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
ticket* at Southern Pacific offices. $10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES; SALUBRIOUS
climate: picturesque scenery; mountain
walks: pure spring water; beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best a<3-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort,
rest and health culture in a short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena, Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero. on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk: free conveyance • for parties of two or
more: grand redwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Seaview, Sonoma County, or
api E. KRUSE. 207 Front St., S. F.. for par-
ticulars.
PAD ICD in— Most beautiful spot in Lake
WAtILJDAIJ County. The mineral springs are
famous for' marvelous cures when all else
failed, especially in stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
JlO per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN, Carls-
bad, Lake County.
n r p r e TOCALOMA. M £g.
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations- reasonable rates; fishing; ■ beautiful
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND. or Winchester Hotel Dining-room,
first floor. 58 Third St.. San Francisco.
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS.
J. R. Morris, Prop., Napa County, Cal. Sura ft
cure for dyspepsia. Indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation; hot mineral baths. Thea»
springs are located In Napa County, 20 miles
east of St. Helena. The water is bottled at
the springs and contains Its own natural gas.
Btage leaves St. Helena. . ■
GLENVA/OOD HOTEL.
AMONG THE REDWOODS, SANTA CRUZ
M't'ns; 5 minutes' walk from depot; milk,
poultry, fruit, iron springs: cas throughout;
telephone and telegraph. Round trip. $2 60; $S to
$10 per week. Free carriage to and from trains.
Write WILLIAM MARTIN. Glenwood. Cal.
JOHfINNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder. 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms, |6 to Jlo 'per
week. Send for circulars. - JOHANNISBERO
RESORT. Oakvllle. Napa County, _CaL
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— quiet foothill
ranch, located in Blackburn Gulch. 5 miles
from Santa Cruz; delightful summer home In
the redwoods; running water; abundance of,
fruit: good table; terms $5 per week: children
under 10. *3. Address W. CKANDELL. Santa
Cruz. Cal. :______
PARK HOUSE and cottages at Ben Lomond,
10 miles from Santa Cruz, with unsurpassed
climate, presents the best to be had as a
summer resort: best drives in the State;
special rates to families; charges very mod-
erate. T. H. PETERSON. Ben Lomond. Cal.
MONT— Delightful boarding place In
• Santa Cruz Mountains; fine accommodations;
lively neighborhood; dally mail; long distance
phone. Patchin P. 0.. Santa Clara Co.. Cal.
OAK GROVE cottage. Saratoga: newly fur-
nished: good table: Congress Springs water;
team for drives. Address box 6, Saratoga.
ANY one looking for nice, quiet, comfortable
farm home to spend vacation address F.
QUIEN, Glen Ellen, Sonoma Co.. Cal. v
SHERWOOD FOREST— Summer home In Santa •
Cruz Mountains: terms $7 a week; campers.
Address R. L. MILLER. Eccles. . .
MANZANITA Station, near Mill Valley— or 4
rooms, with board; good ' accommodations at
Manzanita Villa.
A WEEK'S news for a cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, la wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.POPULISTS ARE
READY FOR THE
COMING FIGHT
A Small Trump for a
Hot Game.
CLfcVER PARTY PROGRAMME
BLANKET TICKET AND CONVEN
TION POSSIBILITIES.
♦
Democratic Axes Are Grinding While
Rival Factions Rapidly Organize
and Await Imminent Party
Developments.
■
•
The local Populist partj is rubbing its i
hands and getting ready to cut a small !
but active and possibly important figure
in the municipal campaign. The local •»
ganization will run a ticket for cdnven
tlon delegates at the primary election,
hold a municipal convention and run a ■
local ticket of some sort. As this year j
the Non-Partisans and other sideshows j
are barred from having tickets, the Popu- :
lists will cut a. moreTiotlceable, figure than;
before. Though the vote is small, hardly j
more than 3000, it may possibly be used
for political juggling in an important
way.
The first thing that will whisk flies off i
the party will l>e the primary election, at
■which the two bitterly opposed factions
will contend for the mastery of the ma
chine. The faction led by George D. Oil- j
lespie, A. B. Kinne et al. is now in con
trol of' the organization and expects to j
maintain its mastery. The other faction,
led by George VV. Montclth, Dr. W. N. |
Griswold ami others, which la now out in j
the cold, is expected to struggle fiercely i
to capture the convention and so secure
"the works."
The affairs of the party are in the i
hands of the executive committee, of
which <:<?orge D. Gillespie is chairman
and A. B. Kinne secretary. This execu- >
tiv,- committee; representing the legal I
partj organization; has the appointment,
etc . of delegates entirely in its own
hands and has adopted a plan by which
t wins at the primary it will be in
power. There • ■',! be one blanket ticket
i<>r fifty cc". 1 ention delegates voted for
all over the city and any opposition ticket j
must follow thy same plan. The opposl- j
tion will thus have to win a complete!
victory or be wholly shut out of the con- i
\ - entlon and the next county committee. '■
The machine will be of value not only i
this year, but in the next campaign and
the fur will lly in. the tight for the prize, j
The primary election over, the Popu- j
list convention will be Looked on wit i
lustful eyes by various bosses. Chris !
Buckley and other bosses have done busi- i
ness in the local Populist convention be
lore. As the law now prevents a formal
indorsement of a candidate of another
party, the convention can take up no fu
sion scheme; but many possibilities re
main. The party must run a party ticket
to poll per cent of the vote and main
tain its standing as a party, but it need
not run a full ticket. Two or three can
didates would do. So, if it were de
sired by the controlling powers of the
convention- to help out ■■ Democratic can
didate, the office might be left blank. An- I
other possibility already canvassed lies in j
th^ scheme of nominating a fairly strong
and popular "surf head' of a part) whose
defeat was wanted, so that he might pull
strength from the regular candidate of j
that party. In these and -other ways the j
little Populist convention may assume
campaign importance.
George D. Gillespio, chairman of the
executive committee, said yesterday:
"'We are going into the primary with a
general ticket of fifty convention dele
gates. The nature of our municipal ticket
is undecided, but the consensus of opin
ion is now that we should run a ticket
complete from top tn bottom, if we wish
to Indorse any candidate we can do so
partially by leaving he office blank and
recommending; our friends to vote espe
cially for him.
"At its last meeting the county commit
tee directed the calling together and re
viving all the district organizations In the
city and this will be done. There are
pretty good organizations in the Thirty
lirst and In the Thirty-fourth to the
ADVEBTISF.MKNTE.
THE PHYSICIANS
Who Are Successful in Curing and Restoring
fMen Are Dr. Meyers & Co., the Old Re-
liable Specialists. They Cure:
Kidney f >i««-si»»-. Premature Decay,
lila«l<ler I>isea*e,  Unnatural LjOSMes,
Hpiße IMMense, Wasting; Drains
Liver Disease, ferrous ■ l>el>ilil.v,
Hear I Disease, Stricture, Itupture,
IHOO4I I>i-.ca««<», l'iles, Ynricocele,
Nkin IM»Ciwr> t Private «»i«.«-;i-«-».
DR MEYERS & CO. have become famous for the many thou-
sands of permanent cures they hav3 made during the past. 18 years.
Their remedies and methods are their own discoveries, alw' ys
effec'ive, never harmful
They avoid the use of electricity and all other temporary and
dangerous stmulants. They have made and maintain the r reputa- •
tion for effectng cures — lasting cures.
They make a spec of dangerous and complicated cases.
They cure miny men every month who h ;d been given up to die by
other physicians. Every memb:r cv 'hi staff is a spec a Ist
Terms: No Pay Till Cured Prices Reasonable.
No ether doctors : — t have ever made such
an offer or done busi- y'Ssi&Cr^^ll^k ness on such condi-
tion. But Dr Mayers J|p^§i^~ll?|to & Co. nave built up
a large and remune- J2 rative practice by con-
ting their business Jfiap | on th's pan. Nothing
cou be mere fair to Jf&? # v*"*%ilf*j\ a man in neec ' °* the
services of ski led phy- \V|sf oV^^'Y^l^ sic ans. Such a prop-
osition is better than \JjfV.- >C-si) 1 a ' the written or verbal
guarantees ever made. yiffiu, y^jflfSffljw?
Consultation and m^^KiW Advice F res -
It costs nothing 'W^l^^^^j^ to consult D Meyers
&Co They will civ; you courteous treat-
ment and sound advice even if you do no' decide to have them cure you.
Home Cures — Free Book for Men.
If you cannot call write for private book, d agnosis sheet, free
advice prices and other particu ars. Home cures a specialty. Thou-
sands of men cured every yeTr who have never seen the doctors. ';"•
Correspondence Confidential. \
No printing on envelopes or packages to show who sent them.
DR. ME YERS <£ CO.
~T O 1 Market Street, : elevator Hours-8 to 5 Daily.
m B ■ , uwTnuwro Sundays— 9 to 11.
' M sj> i San, Francisco. | ENTRANCE. Evenintts-7 to 8.
Thirty-ninth districts Inclusive. There I
are skeleton organizations in the other
districts. The districts will select their
candidates for convention delegates and,
when approved, they will make up a nian
ket or general ticket of fifty. I WOTOM
the other faction will make a fight, for
the control of the organization is the
stake. If they don't win they are out
and done for for good. The executive com
mittee will meet next week and arrange a
series of educational meetings in a hal
to be engaged. Wo estimate the actual
vote of the local party at. 3^oo. n
The Democracy is 'n the throes of or
ganization preliminary to the big battle
at the primary. District clubs are being
organized at a lively rate Man; politi
cal ambitions are Involved in the com
ing struggle and factions are mustering
and girding up for the contest. Axes are
being whetted, but they are not . yet
swinging in any lively way. The reason
6 that all forces are waiting, while they
work to see how the game is made up.
Each' boss and faction is talking "har
mony" at the present moment and point-
Ing out thai harmony can be secured by
corning into the speaker's camp. But
knives will ply before the hurlyburly Is I
Boss Buckley has effected organizations
in several districts and others will be
formed this week. His orderlies are
bringing In the worKers in a lively way
and day and night there is a stream of
thi m going Into the back room at head- :
quarters to report and for directions. The
Buckley plan Is for selected leaders In '
each district to rustle about for support
ers, and when a respectable list of names
is secured to call a meeting and elect i
programmed temporary officers. Then
there Is a hurrah and another meeting
for permanent organization with a stren
uous effort to get in more members.
The Twenty-ninth Club has opened per- i
manent basement headquarters on Fourth
street and bought nine sacks of sawdust.
The Twenty-eighth will have a ball this
week. There are two clubs in the Forty
second, with James O'Connor, who wants
to be Supervisor, as president of one. At
torney C. J. Heggerty of Knight & Heg
gerty is president In the Fortieth. The I
Thirtieth organized two' weeks ago after:
a street procession from Alex Qreggains'
Sixth-street resort, headed by an ancient
lifer and flanked by skirmishers to round I
up the gang. At Music Hall steam beer !
and Rooert Ferral's eloquence were the
features of the evening. Judge Ferral's
eloquence is cutting a frequent figure in :
Buckley organizing. Tim Treacy has done '
the work in the Thirty-first, under the
Buckley plan precinct clubs and a big
Buckley county committee are to follow '
But Chris Buckley is not the only
trump in the game. He is merely the
tirst systematic hustler in the Held". Phe
lanites; Raineyltes and other forces that
wtlr appear later are preparing for gen
eral organization. Considerable has been
done already and much more will be ac
complished within a few days. The De
mocracy will be beautifully" and thor-'
oroughly organized this year. There will
be from three to six rival organizations!
in each district and a Dumber "up- I
stairs." There are already three in the
Thirty-ninth. Some little time ago Dep
uty Assessor 11. L. Blenfleld and J. S.
Edelman, "of Orange," who wants to be '
Treasurer, led in an effort to organize. \
Assemblyman Warden was mollified, and
finally organization was effected in Judge
Slogan's courtroom. It was decided to
meet next in Saratoga Hall, and notices
were sent out. J. A. Fen ton, superintend
ent of the ferry building, and S. 11. Kohl
man slipped around and hired the hall for
that evening, hustling the other fellows
back to the Mogan courtroom. Fish Com
missioner Vogelsang orated and the sec- j
ond club was organized. It was called a j
Rainey Club, but Messrs. Fenton and i
Kohlman prefer to call themselves liar- \
neyites. Now the Buckleyites have got j
up a club and an pendent" club is
already in sight.
There will be some fun in the Forty- i
first, Ed Lanigan's stronghold of the
past. R. 1... Mann, Emil Pohli and others
have led in an anti-Lanigan, anti-boss or- >
ganization that proposes to win the
district. L.anigan makes the same pro- i
posal, and the Buckleyites are muster
ing. Then there are all sorts of other
Democratic organizations that are wak
ing up. There is the big Democratic Cen
tral Club, with nearly 2000 members,
which has just opened headquarters In
the Emporium building. In theory it Is
supposed to be non-factional. As it in- !
eludes all factions in its membership it is
freely predicted that it will see storms.
Its president is Oscar Hocks, who is act
ing president of the German Democratic
Club, very active in fraternal organiza
tions, and who is one of the new entries i
In politics. His ambition is understood to !
be directed to the City Hall. Its board i
of trustees and its advisory board pre- !
sents an imposing list of Democratic pol
iticians. Buckley is not the only one ;
credited with an effort to "capture" the
club. High jinks is held frequently and i
great efforts are being made to get in
members.
The German Democratic Central Club
has awakened to life and will revive its
six affiliated district clubs within a week.
The Iroquois Club is supposed to keep
out of factional • troubles, but factional
troubles are apt to get into the club.
"Pegamoid" gold, latest, best, perfect paint;
sample bottle 25c. Pegamoid. 63 Chronicle bldg.*
■ m ■
Customs Appointments.
P. H. Barrett has i>een taken from the
eligible list and appointed Customs |n
tor in place of Mr. Livingstone, pro
moted to be storekeeper of the Hazard
1 warehouse.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL., SIKBAT, MAY 21, 1899.
GETAWAY DAY
AT OAKLAND
A GLOOMY ONE
Rosinante Crushed
the Talent's Hopes.
FINISHED ABSOLUTELY LAST
JENKINS KEPT UP HIS GREAT
SADDLE RECORD.
Benamela and Catastrophe the Long
est-Priced Winners — Recreation
Displayed Rare Form — Two
Successful Choices.
A large crowd of enthusiastic specta
tors attended the closing day of the rac
ing season at Oakland track yesterday.
Of course there was a "getaway" stake.
It was reserved for the last number on
the card— a mile and a furlong run— and
what a disastrous one it proved for the
talent in general! Jimmy OofTey's mure
Kosinante was whispered about as the
"goods," and from 4 to 1 her odds fell
to ;< to ."«. There were but three other
starters — Daisy F, May \V and La Go
leta. The result was most distressing to
the friends of Rosinante, for th<_- mare
was target hearer from start to finish.
Maj W, with W. Narvaez in the Saddle,
part Of the distance under wraps, made
the running to the stretch, where La <Jo
leta was at her saddle skirts. Bassinger
on the latter then made his. move, and
the Baldwin mare won swinging In 1:52%,
within a quarter of a second of the coast
record. Driving hard, Jenkins brought
Daisy F up in time to beat May W a
luad for the place. The winner was the
outsider in the betting, going to the post
5 to 1.
Many on the lookout for a grub stake
took a "flyer" on the rank outsider, but
the expected 100 to l shot never came;
Benamela and Catastrophe at odds of 8
to 1 were the longest priced winners. Of
the favorites but two were successful.
In tiie saddle Jenkins kept up his splen
did record, reaching the wire first on
three winners. During the week just end
ed the promising rider accepted thirty
seven mounts, oi which number be won
on nineteen, eclipsing the record made by
Tod Sloan when here last.
Jockey Jenkins started in the day by
piloting Sir Irian to the front in tha
open tog mile and a sixteenth selling run.
lhe rive-year-old run second to tiacon
to tin- stretch, where he assumed the
lead, winning In a drive a head before
Einstein, the favorite. New Moon fin
ish) d a close third.
a cheap band of "dogs" started in the
second event at a mile. Catastrophe, an
s to i shot, won handily from Inverary
11. the lukewarm favorite. Pongo tooK
tile Show.
Backed from ihr> ■•? to even money fa
voritism, Jenkins put Karl Cochran over
the plate winner of the Becond mile and
a sixteenth run. Silver State took the
].!.i., from I. A. Finnegon.
It looks as if Recreation had regained
her old form, for the second mile selling
affair was only a promenade for the mare.
A 3 to - choice, she disposed of her field
without trying, winning eased up from
OllnthUS. Highland Hall, at I'O to 1,
dropped into the show.
Th( tilth race, at one mile arid a six
teenth, fell easy prey to Benamela. The
brown gelding was going away at the
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Saturday, May 20, 1899.— Eighty-eighth
day of the Ww-<- Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. viTeather
fine. Track fast.
EDWIN F. SMITH. Presiding Judge. JAMES P. CALDWELL. Start.r.
lino FIRST RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
IIUX» puree, 6400. ■ ' •
' ~~ ~ j ~ ' * | Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Welght.jSt. Std. Hm. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. CI.
1145 Sir Frian. 3 1021 3 lh 23 22 11 ... lh Jenkins j 5-2 13-5
1153 Einstein. 4 107 4 5 1'. 6 20 I's 4 3 ... 2 2 Bassinger .... 7-5 9-5
1157 New Moon, 6 10915 6 4 5h 6 20 6*. . ... 3 2 Glover I 4 7
1138 Melkarth, 4 1071 131 Jh 3h 3 'A ... 4 1'. W. Narvaez.. 10 20
114" Gilberto, 3 94 2 4 3 4 '_ 5 ii 6 10 ... 5 2 J. Ward J 6 10
(1160) Flacon, 4 11016 -22 1 2H I h 2h ... 6 20 Kiley i 8 20
1153 Rapldo. a Ill . 7 7 7 7.... | Romero • 10 7
* i,.s4 Meadowlark. a 111! * • iWalnrlght ...j 6 20
•Fell.
-rime— 1-16. A'*****: 5-16. :31V 9-16. 'Ml 13-16. 1:13%: mile. 1:42V 1 l-16m, 1:49%; Winner,
A M. I.lnnell's <*h. g. by Rio Bravo-Why Not. Good start. Won first three driving.
Scratched— Roadrunner 114, Thyne 107. .
||S>o SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
~ j ~ 1 I Betting.
Index. Horses. Age. Weight. St Hm. Hm. Hm. . Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
1160 Catastrophe, '5 1231 5 6 h 4 h li. ... 1 IH Roulller i 6 6
1154 Inverary II, 4 119 2 4 IH ** 1 * }, . ••• *_ Holmes 4 3
1152 Pongo, 4 122 1 2 1 2 •' 2 Vi *•* ■* h Frawlej. 15 25
11?,:. Ladaea. 3 101 8 7 3 * S 10 7 ... 4 6 Wain-right ... 3 6
1125 Alvin E. 5 123 4 5 '_ 3*4 3 1. ... 54 Power j 20 40
1072 Oracias 4 117 7 -3 li 6 V « 1 ... 6 1 W. See 40 75
1156 Judge Wofford. 3. ..106 6 8 6 7 1 8 ... 7 4 Jenkins | 3 4
: 1120 Judge Napton. 4. ...11!.! 3 13 1 „ El ... 8 6 W. Narvaez.. 12 25
' 1139 Master Dee. 3 105 « 11 11 9 ... » M Curry 4 11-2
. Connaught. a 123 10 9 9 * 10 ... 10 Spencer 100 100
11*48 Pat-ward, 5 123 11 10 10 11 •*• H [Glover 40 15
Time i. a: \. lA7; mile, 1:43. Winner, P. Sheridan's b. g. by imp. Mld-
Time—'' :25V H. -50H: %• l--"' mile, 1:43. Winner, P. Sheridan's b. g. by imp. Mid-
lothian-Misfortune. ' Bad start. Won handily. Second and third driving.
Scratched "26, Don Vallejo 123, Anchored 106. ________
1t£*A THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
I OT" • purse, $400. .
T ~ 1 « — — — ■ I . | Betting.
i Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Std. ¥_m. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. i Jockeys. Op. CI.
1159 Earl Cochran, 6. ...108 1 3*_ 41 32 lh 12 14 Jenkins 3 1
1154 Silver State, a 10913 2h 2 .„ 2 1 24 24 2 5 jHahn 8 __
11"8 I* A. Finnegan, 4..107 252 8 6H" 3h 31 Holmes 8-5 11-2
, ,-.. Tempo 4 ...... .....OS* 6 7 1 6h 7 « ii -5 1 4'*. i Power 8 11-2
1 iv Grady 6 1115 4h oh 4 1' 4H 42 in Cole 6 10
1153 AlveVo 6 108 8 8 7 4 5H 5h 6 6 6 20 J. Stewart.... 30 25
1010 Jim Bozeman, 6... .108 7 6 2 3 1 1 h. 3 '_ 7 7 Wainright .... 10 40
1190 Henry C, 4.. ■ .1091 4 11 IH * |Qlover | 10 15
•Fell
Tiine-1-16. :06H; 5-16. :31H: 9-16. 56V«: 13-16, 1:22V mile, 1:42*4; 1 l-16m. 1:49. Winner,
F. J. Stoer's'br. g. by Imp. Siddartha-Jennle H. Good start. Won easily. Second and
thlr Scmt'ch^d-Tobey 108. Paul Kruger 107. Morana 102. ■ *
1 ■_-»—* FOURTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
loo.
f ~ — J Betting.
f BeTtTng:
Index. Horses. Age. Weight. St. Km. Hm. Hm. Str. Fin. j Jockeys. Op. Cl.
iul Recreation. 4 1.0 4 6h lh 12 14 12 Jenkins ....... 6-5 3-2
1148 OUnthus 3 99 i 2 7 4 5h 5h 51 2 4 Tullett 4 14-5
153 Highland Ball, 4.. ..115. 7 2 1 6 2 .41 42. 3 U Holmes 12 20
1187 February 5... 1" 9 « *•-> ** 32.21 4 2 W. Narvaez.. 6 20
la Ho ton 3 99 1 3 8 5 7n. 6h 7 1 6 4 J.Ward 3 9*-2
IIM Correct 3 891 8 10 10 .10 95 64 Meany 30 100
?ifil Horatio 5 119 1 Si. 2n 2h 32 72 iDouilller 8 25
1152 SeaSprriyie 106 5 4h 8h 8H 8 2 8 5 IFrawley BO 100
M167* Mocorito 4 WW 9 1 9 15 9 6 6H 9 2 Bassinger,.... 5 S
I 1133 "Sj.^^.... 6 11 *J_ 7 h 10 10 ICohurn.: 80 50
" Time— -i -25- H. :+9H; V 1-16%; mile, 1:42. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's b. m. by
M-Mllo-Plcnic Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Scratched-Gold Baron 96. Juva 94, Ach 99. El Salado 110. Novla 110.
„ _{%__ FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward-
llOO» purse, $406. '.
" Betting.
I I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. • Std. Hm. Hm. .%m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. Op. ;. Cl.
~Ti.it Henamela 6 mi « 61 61 6 1. 72 21 11 Tullett 5 .' 0
2? Maior^Hdoker. 4....107 2 3 1 3 3 2 h 2 1 IH 2 1 Jenkins ,..*.... 4 4
«S lennle Reid, S..*.**. 99 9 9 7 1 '7 3 5H 31. 3 1 Louilller 5 5
liw Fortis «... « » »•*■■'■■:» 8< 85 42 44 Meany S 8
iuK Caitake 4 107 1 IH 25 35 31 5h 6h Coburn 12 20
l,i« • 1 1 107 1 IH 25 35 31 5h 5h l.'oburn 12 20
-_ Sent 4 107 5 4 2 42 4h 4h 71 6h jJ, Ward 5 9-2
..is nare II 5... 114 7 5h 5 2 5 2 61 82 7 3 |\ ickery 15 . 30
Wil {mnerlous 4... 107 6 7 2 8 i. » . 9 9 8 6 Hahn. ■_. 6 9
1152 pTn? .4 _ 110 A .I3 *3 1! 12 61 9 Bassinger .... 4,9
Tlme_l-16, :06V 6-16, :MHi 9-16. :55H: 13-1«. 122; mile. 1:41'.: 1 1-1« miles. 1:48. Winner
_,,'' & H. 'ills' br. g. by Ben All-Prose. Good start. Won first three driving.
Scratched- Lost Girl 109. Wyoming 111, Coda 109. Elldad 112. Glen Anne 105.
|(»_ SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; four-year-olds and upward; purse $400
IlOie ' -'
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Std. Hm. Hm. Hm. Str. Fin. ) Jockeys. Op6"1".!'
Mien La Goleta. 4......'... 99 2 2H 2 1% 2 H 2 IH 1 1 13 IBassinger .... ~2 i
ffiKalsy°F. 4 .102 4 3 1 3 3 3 8 3 5 3 3 2 1, Jenkins 8-5 , 12-5
1151) la -W '5 103 1 1 IH 11 Hi. lii 2 2 3 1 :w. Narvaez.. 2 7-2
1147 Roslnante. 5.1^._...10S| 3 4 4 4 4 4 4 J.Ward | 4 3-5
Time— 1* :i2H: H. :36H: H. 1:01: H. 1:18% i mile. 1:39*.; 1'. miles. _$S~_. Winner. E. J
Baldwin's ch. m. by Amlgo-Rosebud. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
:;_ A--. .'."-:■.. A.A A •'■'-: FINIS. ;-,
wire, leading: Major Hookpr out -a length,
with Jennie Reid a close third.
Track Notes.
Howard, the Australian plunger, spread
his coin about the ring in larve poriions
j on Rosiaante.
With a fair start the rifth. race "would
have been easy for Jennie Reid. The
mare was also badly interfered with by
Benamela opposite the padd/jek.
Jockey Tom Glover took a sharp header
when Henry C fell on the back stretch.
He escaped with some severe cuts and
bruises.
The majority of owners at the track
possessing the necessary meang will jour
ney to Denver. Liberal prizes are offered
and reports say the meeting will be the
greatest in the history of Colorado. The
; jockeys, too, are all heading in that direc
tion.
ON OAKLAND LINKS.
The vaxious competitions among the
players of the Oakland Golf Club are he
ing brousrht to a contusion as oppor
tunity offers. The ladies' cup has al
ready been won by Miss Alice Moffltt,
who may be regarded as the strongest
lady player in the chib. The eighteen
hole tournament, matx-h play, begun on
the Del Mooite links on Devccy day, but
interrupted by varioijs events, has been
won by E. R. Folder, as is shown in the
following taJale:
DEWEY DAT ■
Round. Final
J Falser E. :
:
" M
vs. M. Fitzperald 'A "'■■'■"'
*• ■""*-
|! M.
P. Bowles ■§
T . vs.
; C.
I :
j C. J. Tierce : vs.
. C. Orestes Pierce
i ■ !
In the captain's cup tournament, eigh
teen holes, medal play, begun on May *\
the following scores have been made:
J. A. Folger. %: <\ P. Hubhard. %; It. A.
Copke, 102; J. C. McKee, l f i7. and E. K.
Polger, 12.".. J. 2tf. Taft, G. D. Greenwood
and D. F. Kelde-n have forfeited. The
honor of having his name engraved on
the captain's cup rests between J. A. Fol
ger and C. P. Hubbard.
In the Tibbetts cup tournament, eigh
teen holes, match play, with handicap, .1.
A. Folger (8) lias beaten D. F. Beldfen (4),
Ti up; R. A. Cooke (6) has beaten B. K.
FoJger (scratch). 2 up: W. P. Johnson i>i
has beaten H. F. Knowlea (12), - up, and
Arthur (loodall il^i and J. C. McKee (6)
have still to play.
In order to increase tiho enthusiasm for
golf among the ladies arrangements are
being mad<- for bome-and-honae matches.
nine holes, to be played between teams
of ladies representing the Oakland and
San Francisco clubs. The matches, of
which there will be a series, will be con
ducted on the same principles as the
home-and-home matches recently played
by teams of eight lruen representing the
two clubs. The first, game of the series
was to have been played on Monday, bui
the San Francisco ladies not having made
up their team, it has been deferred.
In recognition of the keen interest
Which Orestes Pierce, captain of the Oak
land Club has shown in coaching the
team which recently defeated the San
Francisco representatives on the Burlin
game links, and of the success which has
attended his efforts and rewarded his en
thusiasm, sixteen of the members have
invited him to a dinner, to be given in
his honor at the clubhouse next Tuesday.
The evening will be spent in dining, mu
sic and speech-making.
JUDGE CONLAN IS
A CRACK ANGLER
SURPRISED H^o FRIENDS IN
LONG-DISTANCE CASTING.
Dynamiters, pot-hunters and all those
who transgress the game and fish laws
would better steer clear of Judge Conian,
I as his Honor is now n prominent member
! of the Munchausen Fishing Club, which is
j the largest and most influential angling
■ association west of the big mountains.
The Judge has been taking quiet les
; sons in long-distance fly-casting and
; -shrimp baiting fur some time past from
| that well-known disciple of Walton, M.
; Lewis, who is bettor known as the dia-
I mond man from South Africa.
I A few days ago his Honor informed a
! few of his most intimate friends that he
; would like a little outing on Lake Pilar
: citos and his bailiff 'ost very litt!.- time
i in hunting up Charles Webb Howard Esq.
of the Spring Valley Water Company,
who kindly granted the Judge and his
party of pleasure-seekers permission to
clean out the lake of its silvery uonizens.
The party was composed of his Honor I
Judge Conian, George Kelly <i. Berger,'
M. Lewis and John Henrioulie..
When the festive crowd of lake-whip
pers arrived at their destination after a
pleasant morning's ride from this city
the Judge cast a crarin glance at the lak»
and seeing a break in the water about
half a mile from the bank he tapped
Lewis on the shoulder and said something :
which sounded to Berger like "This will
bfl a great day, Lewis, for long-distance
fly-casting."
Berger was astonished at the Judge's
remark and wondered if his Honor really
thought that he could possibly reach the
trout that rose at some winged insect by
casting from the bank.
Suspiciously he (Berger) whispered into
the ear of John Henrioulie the words:
'•John, we're not in it; the Judge must
be a second Mansfield if he can cast a
ny half a mile."
Henrioulie smiled 'and throwing a cun
ning wink at Kelly remarked: "Why his
Honor is a dandy on the fly; he can i
ptretch a yarn ux- full length of the lake !
and never crack a smile. Wait until you
see him perform."
The anglers had finally adjusted their
fishing tackle and each man took a kill- I
Ing position. The Judge fortunately got I
the only boat on the lake thai was dry
within, and as t lie day was propitious for
angling the anglers met with little diffi
culty in catching trout ranging in weight
from a quarter of a pound to two pounds. |
But when the days sport was over and
each man counted up his catch Lewis had
the lowest string, and his companions
"joshed" him so hard that he actually
Bhed tears of sorrow. But Lewis struck
a happy thought, and demanding silence
said: "Well, boys, although you all put
it on to me, I can assure you that had
it not been for the unfortunate accident
< I would be the happiest man in the
bunch."
"Tell us all about it. Lewis old boy."
| said Berger, as he chuckled to himself" at
j the thought of having lowered the colors
of the champion lisherman of the party.
"Well, listen. A few years ago the Fish
Commissioners stocked the lake with
, rnuscalonge. which is a large variety of
Bastern pike, and nothing was seen or
heard of Hum until to-day, when I
hooked a monster over there where you
can see that bliif streak of water cov
ered with weeds and lily pads-. I played
tin flsh for three hours, and was having
' no end of royal sport, while you fellers
were catching little trout.
"Suddenly, and as my valuable prize
was all but done for. the big fish made
a dash and l>n.ke the hook. Why. boys
he was within thrc.. feet of where! stood
when the unfortunate accident happened."
The Judge at this juncture interrupted
the narrator and asked of Lewis if the
fish had seen him.
"Why, of course he saw me," said*
Lewis, gleefully.
"Then," remarked his Honor, with a
benchful smile, "I do not wonder that
the musealonge, or pike as you call it,
broke away. Any fish that could see
your sun-painted face on that day would
smash a hawser in a dash for liberty."
The laugh was on Lewis, but he swears
by Ferguson that he will get even on the
Judge if it is necessary to use dynamite
in the capture of the fish he lost at Pil
arcitos.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREUD'S
CORSET HOUSE
Retiring from \
Business!
PRICESCUT BELOW COST
On all the Leading and
Weil-Known Brands of
CORSETS
An early call advised,
for at the prices marked
sizes will soon be broken
H. FREUD & SON
742 and 744 Market St.
AND
10 Grant Avenue.
f FINE TAILORING
tl FINE TAILORING
/ffiMk PERFECT FIT. BEST OF
/ijß& • WORKMANSHIP, at
mEHtPp 25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go tc
WM JOE POHEIM
Mm All Wool suits to (HO  & r
I} m Order from 4> I Z " $03
II Pantafrom . . $4 lo $1 0
VfawlfL^L 201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
ITlOand 1112 Market St., S.F.
485 i 4-th STREET, OAKLAND, CAL.
Eye Glasses in
Gun Metal
Mountings, and the new clip that don't slip,
tilt or waver (30 cents).
New Eastman Kodak, fits the pocket and
makes large pictures.'
Bausch & Lomb Zetaa Ster<>o Field Glasses.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repairing.
Factory on premises. Phone Main 10.
OPTICIANS^^APH^™^.
642 Market St. i«»truwhts
«1!« ( Mfi.ll ■ f BWIPINI-
RADWAVS'S RKADV BELIKFhas stood
unrivaled before the public tor 50 years as a
l-u,z R«in<>dv. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Cola*. Snrn Throats, Influenza, - Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, r.b«>i>rnatitirn. Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pains Internally
(or Malaria and all Bowel rains. All druggists.
. .■ -. - ■ ■■...-..-..■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
:flTYOF#fe PARIS i
|| DRY GOODS COMPANY. f
1 LADIES' SILK WAISTS. 1
I® _________ ®
1 1 MONDAY, MAY 22, WE WILL OPEN AND SHOW: I
I? LADIES 1 BLACK SATIN WAISTS, cluster corded fronts, col- (ton rA _?
Ji lars and cuffs, lined and boned, made of an extra quality of cbO DU 7i
,T black satin and offered as a special bargain for %t^w.w (j)
® CORDED TAFFETA DRESS WAISTS, fancy cording, front ®
•♦■ and back, finished dress sleeves, neatly made in the new (tori r»/% "♦"
® colors pervenche, golden brown, castor, bluet, cyrano, ame- 2^/_t)ll fj)
4 thyst, manila, lumineux; special t ilvv v
i * COLORED TAFFETA DRESS WAISTS, tucked front and (to Af\ f\f\ ?
I® back, tucked finished sleeves in all the new colors; also cDIII.UU "♦"
La. the same in a handsome black satin %!*.«. ** " v ®
f PLAID AND STRIPED SILK WAISTS in all the new shades (tor} £-/-» ®
and combinations will be offered as a special Inducement at coO.OIJ "*"
prices upward from.. >t*w»v<rw 0
I LADIES' SILK SKIRTS, I
I LADIES' SILK SKIRTS,
I ® ®
4- Opening of a Handsome line of Up-to-Date Shapes in all the Stylish Tints ■$■
(5) and Shades. " (•)
4. BLACK SILK SKIRTS— An exceptional line in newest de- ttoOf\ An X
q signs and endless variety, ranging in prices from $7.00 to.. <n(_)VJ \J\) ®
| "• " " ®
| CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, §
*? S. £. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francises. ®
i 4 UNION SQUARE. ®
| ' +
| ® MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION ®
®4® 4® 4 ®4®4® -f ®4® 4 ®4® 4® 4 ®4®4® 4 ®4<j>4® 4 ®4® 4® 4 ©4® 4 ®4®4<S)
Auction ! A
THURSDAY,
May 25, 1899,
At 12 O'Clock Noon,
At Salesroom, 10 Mont-
gomery Street,
Glen Park Terrace,
The Gem Subdivision of the Mission.
I7C Superb
|J Building Lots!
FOR BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE PURPOSES.
At the Main Entrance to Glen Park and at the Terminus of the
Glen Park Branch of the San Mateo Electric Road.
The attention of homeseekers, specula- i
tors and investors is directed to this sale.
It is the only offering of unimproved
property having a great prospective value
that has taken place in years.
Every lot in Glen Park Terrace has a
fine sunny exposure and commands a
good view of this new and popular resort,
Glen Park.
It is an admitted fact that all property
adjacent to public or private parks en-
hances rapidly in value.
It is also conceded that no park has ever ;
attained such popularity within the same ,
time as Glen Park.
What Woodward's Gardens were to tho i
city years ago so is Glen Park to-day.
The attendance at Glen Park Dewey day
was 41,287. Events to take place there In
the near future will draw fully 100,000 peo- |
pie in a single day.
Wherever such crowds go real estate
values must increase.
Glen Park Terrace commands the key j
to the whole situation.
BALDWIN & BOWELL, Anctioneers, 10 Montgomery Street.
*-SSftw ? ill
A BIG KICK
A man makes when his laundry work
is sent home with porcupine edges and
spread eagle button holes. If he would
bring his linen to an up-to-date laun-
dry, where perfect methods obtain at
all times, such as the United States
Laundry, he will receive his shirts, col-
lars and cuffs equal to new every time
that we send them home.
The United States Laundry. Office
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
It adjoins Glen Park and fronts on tho
electric road, being at the terminus of
the park branch and at the main entrance.
The Market-street Railway Company is
now constructing the Bosworth and Berk-
shire streets roa/1 into Glen Park, and die
terminus of this road will be wilhin a few
hundred feet of the lots we offer at this
sale.
We are grading, sewering and macad-
amizing all the streets in Glen Park Ter-
race; therefore all lots will be in shape to
build upon.
Catalogues, containing diagram of prop-
erty, are ready. Call or send for one.
The terms of sale are only % cash, bal-
ance in 1, 2 and 3 years.
Title guaranteed by the California Title
Insurance and Trust Company.
Take San Mateo electric road and ride
to Glen Park. Valencia. Mission and Sut-
ter street roads transfer to San Mateo
line.
Agent on ground to show property.
Note the date— May '£>, 12 o'clock noon.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
r «f PALACE *«•$
%CRAND USXMLM%
o SAN FRANCISCO. Q
** Connected by a covered passageway. *»
** 1400 Room— 9oo wi h Bath Attaohed. °
O All Under One Management. O
0 *.:,•• NOTE THE PRICES: O
0 European Plan.fl.oo per d»y and upward O
A American Plan. per day And upward A
O Correspondence Solicited. *»
0 JOHN 0. KIRKP.ATBICK. Xutgtr. O
oooooooooooooooooa
DR.MCNULTY.
niHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
.L 4Sppcial 1st cw'* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases Oi Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'rs' experience. '
Patients curedat Home. Terras reasonable. Hours 9
t03 da11y; 9.30 t0 8:30 ev'gs. Siinrtam, lOto 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. ( ! .or address
P. ROM* 'OK 11r\ll,TV. M. D.
20^ Kearny St., San Francisco. CM.
■
DDTTCUrC FOR barbers, bak-
Df\U JuO rR - bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacraments 3k
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNEY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. < Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day
15 to 18 week; |8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grate* in every
room; elevator runs all night.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, op«n
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
-1 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
CIS Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Till Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
t?6l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock, .
2526 Mission ftreet; open until 9 o'clock.
NW, corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
cnuncn notices.
ti Ar Tkf RANGERS' Sabbath Home
H (645) Hi ■■•■*!.'. St. Methodist-Episcoptl
fl Chuich Bet. 3d &3d Sts. Seats Free.
{[ R<?v. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Pastor
iVjh Res. by the Church. Tel. Black g6».
y Res. by the Church. Tel. Black 961.
rtftnnfortableseat )
*1\ at A I i||urteoi!s greeting > Await yo*
foj |<M UUrdial weicome 3
'/:?; SflFjTs 11 a. m.. "Do Christians Die
aH£Si : i! Well?" If So, What Is the Be-
gH^R&y L*u cret?" Anthem, soprano offer-
jalßSttJUCai tory; soprano solo by Miss Ida
Gordon. 7:JO, song and sermon, illustrated
by 65 double dissolving view 20-foot pictures,
"A Ship Without a Pi] ■' . anthem and of-
fertory; duet by Messrs William M. Smith
and Bam Kelley. Sunday school 12:20.
Young People's rally, 6:30.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh— Charles
Edward Locke, pastor. Class meetings, 9:30
a. in. and 12:30 p. m. Morning- Bern ion, 11
o'clock; subject, "Astonished Christians."
Sunday school, 12:45 p. m.: Rolla V. Watt,
superintendent. Christian Endeavor Society,
6 p. m. At 7:45 p. in. Dr. Locke will preach
01 Metropolitan Temple, Fifth st., near Mar-
ket; subject, "Back to Jesus, or When Chris-
tianity Comprehends Christ." The sermon
will include VA Strong Protest Against the
Slavery of Chinese Glris in Ban Francisco."
Seats are free. Cordial invitations are ex-
tended to everybody. Midweek service
Wednesday evening.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Powell
and Geary sts.— Rev. John Hemphiil, D.D.,
pastor. Services .it 11 a. m. ana 7:45 d. m.
Rev. C. S. Nash, D.D., of Oakland will preach
morning and evening. Music, morning— "Te
Deum" (.festival in E tiatl, Dudley Buck;
effertory, bass solo. Walter C. Campbell.
Music, evening— Anthem; "God Be Merciful,"
W. C. Williams; offertory, "The Way Is Long
and Dreary,'.' Sullivan. All are made wel-
come.
HOWARD Presbyterian Church. Oak and
Baker sts. (Panhandle Golden Gate Park)—
At 11 a. m.. Rev. George Barsoon on "Ar-
ir,.>nla and the Turks." At 7:45 p. m., Rev.
Edward Annund. Pund.iy school at 9:30.
Christian Endeavor at C:45. Wednesday even-
ing, prayer meeting at 7:45. Friday evening,
Y. P. S. C. E., "Echoes of the Convention."
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, 309
Haight st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p.
111. The pastor will preach at both services.
Topic at 11 ii. in., "Life Abundant"; at 7:45
p. m.. the seventh in a series of "Hall-hour
Tnlks to People Who Think." Special music.
Sunday-school at 12:30 p. m., C. B. Perkins
superintt-ndent. T.pworth League meeting at
6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting, Wednesday even-
Ing at 7:45 o'clock. The public cordially in-
vited to all the services of this church. Seats
free.
FIRS Congregational Church, cor. Post and
Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams, D.D., pas-
tor, will preach at 11 a. m.; theme, "The Be-
ginning of a New Era." At 7:4,". p. m. the
services will consist of exercises by the Chris-
tian Chinese. All cordially Invited .
FIRST Baptist Church, Eddy st, near Jones—
E. A. Woods, D.D., pa tor; residence,, 2150
Van Ness aye. Preacl.ing at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. Morning, by Rev. Frank W. Woods of
Pasa'Tena; evening, by Rev. J. Lewis Smith,
D.D.. of Tacoma. Wash.
ST. PAUL'S Episcopal Church, California St..
near Fillmore— Rector, Rev. William Maxwell
Reilly. Holy communion. 7:30 a. m. Morning
prayer, sermon by the rector and hoi com-
munion. 11 o'clock. Special Whitsuntide mv-
Fie, evening prayer and sermon. 7:45 o'clock.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block, 22S Sutter Ft., bet. Kearny and Grant
luve. — Christian Science Bible lessi n, 11 a. m. ;
=übject, "Ancient and Modern Necromancy,
jr Mesmerism and Hypnotism." Sunday
•chool for children at the same hour. Wedneg-
day evening meeting at 3 o'clock. All are
welcome.
[X'KGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ, 320
I'ust St. — Preaching 11 a. in. and 7:30 p. m.
This church was organized In IS3O by com-
mand of God to open the last dispensation —
the "Eleventh Hour," Matt. xx:l-16. The
"Dispensation of the fullness of times,"
Eph. 1:10. Strangers are welcome.
N'IVERSAL Brotherhood, Academy of PcU
fneps building, SIS Market St.— To-night
"The Illusions of Life," Dr. Allen Griffiths
Miss E. J. Whittler and Alfred Splnks. Tues-
day night, "Rebirth and Evolution." Tues-
day night, "A Remedy for Human Ills."
THE Theosqphical Society— Free public lectures
every Sunday at 8 p..m.. Odd Fellows' build-
inp. corner Seventh and Market Ms. Sub-
ject to-nisht, "Sacraments and Revelation,"
i-y Mrs, Alice Best.
IJSUNPA Yj MEETINGS.
THE Firtt Divine Science Church, M. E.
Cramer pastor— Discourse at 11 a. m. Sub-
ject, "First Born Among Many Brethren."
Services every Sunday at Yosemite Hall. Na-
tive Soll6' building. Mason St., between Geary
and Post. Take elevator.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists, Occi-
•lental Hall, corner Larkln and McAllister
sts.— Sunday, May 21. at 7:30 p. m. Speaker,
Mrs. R. S. LUIle Subject, "The Psychic and
the Medial— Draw the Line." Admls-
Blon free.
THE boy medium, Just arrived from the Orient,
holds a seance to-nigllt: slate writing, ether-
eali/.atlon, trumpet speaking, independent
music. 2Cc. HARRY DE LACEY. 1033 Mar-
ket ;t.
AT Dr. Rir.ea' Spiritual Society, &09 Market-
-11. 2. S; Mrs. Bird. Vigers. ogham; free.
Tuesday S p.. m., 12S8 Howard st. Doctor's
office 1238 Market; sittings dally; 10 to 5.
A TEST developing, healing meeting. 2 and 8
p. m., 10c; 9A Sixth st.; R. A. Stltt, Har-
grave, others.
MRS. HARLAND. trance test medium; circle
to-nij,:.t; jewels, articles read; 10c. 120 Sixth.
C. STEERS. 112'- Oak st.; circle Tues-
day. S p. m.; Thursday, 2 p. m.: 25c: read., $1.
MMX YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 10c; come skeptics. 605 McAllister.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing, ethereallzing
E'-ance. 8 p. m. : 50c. 409 Leavenworth st.
TO-NIGHT, 117 Larkin st., mediums' tricks ex-
js posed: B'sh'jp Garrison and others: 10c.
MRS D J. MORAN and her gifted children
to-night. 3. 100. 414 Kills st.
— =~ ' i
MEETING NOTICES.
V E RBA3BUE XA? Lodge No. 15, ' nrtiMmr
O. O. P.— Officers and members: •__ r^ Sl _§£
You are hereby notified to attend %t«^
the funeral of ~ur late brother
HARRISON MORAN. on MONDAY, at l!
p. m.. from Congregational Church. Bartlett
and Twenty-fifth sts. JAS. BOYES. N. G
J. D. SCHLOENE. Hec.
HALL 01 Occidental Lodge No .vi.i...i»>..
179. I. O. O. F.— Officers and
members are respectfully request- ~^£'SBBfks£
ed to meet at lodgeroom, 32 "^W^* ;
O'Farrell St., at 12 o'clock, for the purpose
_s&i&__3r i of our late Brother
S. H. RICHARDS. N. Q.
BRITISH Benevolent Society ~_t_ .
of California— Queen's birth- A €#9 .
day anniversary dinner, «WSSnAi.
Merchants' Club, II".' San- A^J^TWa"
some St..
EVENING, May 24. at 7 tffl3?JfiS?nKS'
o'clock Tickets, %2 50, at l^^VtJX
CO4 Merchant st. and Dox- vJV^S Jpesii
ey'B, Palace Hotel building. '« ir^s_*vlv
W. CLAYTON PICKERSGILL,
r* H. B. M. Consul General. President.
G. C. WOODWARD. Secretary.
THE Caledonian Club will hold its v «3'~vi'
thirty-third annual gathering and 3H, (Jkjfi
Kami,;! at Shall Mound Park on iiJvYWif
TUESDAY. May 30. As usual. '•SSqt :
the best athletes of . the Pacific Coast will !
compete for prizes of coin, jewels, badges and
other articles of value; $2500 in cash .will be
distributed to successful competitors; full '
bands and renowned bag pipers will furnish '
music for the grounds and dancing platform- i
a Highland hospitality will be extended to !
guests and an unequaled day of pleasure will i
be afforded to all comers; buy tickets (or
Shell Mound Park: adults 50c; children 25c.
ANGUS McLEOD, Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Sec.
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the' Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
cf said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1899, at 11 o'clock In the fore-
coon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the ■ building
where the said Board of Directors unually
meets, namely, at the oflfce of said Company,
number 827 Market St., In the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of raid meeting is to consider and
r.rt upon the proposition that ea!<l Company
crt-ate a bonded Indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand' dollars ($2.&0O.OO6). in
United States gold coin, for the purpos* of
raisins money to complete the construction
Of its steamships and their equipment, for
uee In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property •
within the purposes of this Company; and to
tecure the bonded Indebtedness bo proponed
to be created by a mortgage upon it* steam
anil sailing ships and all other property of
*ald Company now owned or hereafter to bo
■couired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of th« Oceanio Steamship Com-
pany.
BIEETIH Continued.
OFFICERS and members of the Aus- >sM j> Ai^_
trlan Military and Benevolent A?so- BtaflrJsJ
elation, assemble in your hall SUN- «otafS
DAT, May 21, at 7:30 a. m., to at- yfcgg£
tend picnic parade .at Glenwood **^
Park. M. PERICH, President.
P. BAULOVICH. Recording Secretary.
P. -B.— Military section appear in full uni-
form. New caps will be on hand. Please
be on time.
M. SABADIN, Captain Commanding.
J. M. RUSSELL. First Sergeant.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meeting
cf the stockholders of the Olympic Bait Water
Company will be held at "27 Market at.. San
Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the 22d day of
May. 1599, at the hour of X p. m. t for the pur-
pose of sleeting a Board of Directors to ienr»
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may ccme before th«
meeting. Transfer book* will close on Fri-
day. May 12. 1&39. at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
Office. *27 Market ft.. San Francisco. Cal.
SPECIAL, notices.
PILES— PETER FREILINGS pile salve. $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
Itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of bow long
standing. 162S Devlsadero St., near butter.
ROOMS papered from $3'; whitened. $1 up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d at.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery ft., rooms '* - 0 ■ tel. 5570.
~~ biyTdend notices.
DIVIDEND Dividend No. S3 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Com- ■
pany will be payable at the office of the com- I
pany on and after THURSDAY June 1. 1899. j
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY, May ;
26, lSt». at 3 o'clock p. m.
*"• E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
KJI l»LO V3IENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1821.
CHINESE and Japanese help, established 20 j
year*: «el. Main l-'7 'rfr!iti>\ f- ■ '■'.. f ' ~l*Y- •
______—— __— — — —^ ___———— _— — — i
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
SCOTCH Protestant cook, also English second
sirl 2 years' experience, desire situations. See
. F. CROSETT & CO., 315 butter at. j
MIDDLE-AGED, respectable widow wishes a j
situation as housekeeper in a small family
or to take care of an invalid. Call at 1932
Mason m.. MRS. WILSON. ■
\y WTED— as physician's nurse and
traveling companion to an invalid or elderly
lady or gentleman by an Eastern lady who
is a graduate physician and who has tray- .
eled extensively. Address E. S., box 6a9, ;
call office. .
WANTED— By a respectable widow a po-
sition as working housekeeper; city or coun-
try. Address box &94, Call office,
LADY good in composition wants position aa
amanuensis or private secretary; stenog-
rapher. Box 713, Call office. S_
ELDERLY woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework; is good plain cook and laun-
dress; city or country: $«■ 718 California st.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day,
huuaecleaning, washing, any work; $1 25 day. ■
122 Clara st. . . | !
WANTED— as cashier by .thorough {
business woman; hotel, cafe or restaurant; 5 i
years' experience; good references. Box 817,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED nurse desires . a position In
doctor's office or the care of an invalid; best
of reference. Box 859, Call office.
REFINED lady would like position as lady's
.-.'.'on or would assist in light house-
work where there are no small children in
exchange for room and board: references ex-
changed; state particulars. Box 666, Call.
WANTED— By capable young woman, position
as housekeeper. Box 605, (.Kill office.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper; city or
country. Call bet. 10 and 2, Golden West
Hotel. 'Kills St., room' 23.
TRUSTWORTHY and sober middle-aged wo-
man would like to do plain cooking or light
housework; no postal cards answered. 114 Na-
toma st.
WIDOW with little girl 4 years old would like
position as working housekeeper to elderly
couple. 1720 Clay st.
YOUNG woman attending evening school de-
sires situation as chambermaid or general
housework; references given. Box COS, Call.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeeper,
country preferred. Call afternoon or address
MBS. IRENE SMITH, 22 Mint aye., room 20.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing and
■ leaning; $1 a day and car fare. Box
10, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework;
sleep at home; $12 a month. Address 1615
Jtnes st.
!.'::FINED, Intelligent young woman would like
a position as invalid lady's nurse. Address
or call 622 Jones. st.\ cor. Post.
EASTERN woman of '3o. wishes position to as-
sist with light housework; good home more of
an object than wages; city or country. 29
Eddy St., room 32.
BY a lady, plain sewing; would do some mend-
ing at home. 821 Mission St., room 1.
NEAT, willing girl to do light housework In
Mission; wages $10. Address 2 days, B. 8., 1
!.;. da place. ■ '
DRESSMAKER, first-class; perfection in fit-
ting and trimming; costumes remodeled in
latest styles: price moderate; by the day.
Address box 661. Call office. ■ .
EXPERIENCED laundress wants work by the
day: first-class ironer. Call 212 Van Ness aye.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and dishwasher or
helper'; English, French and Hungarian style;
first-class pastry; first-class hotel; references.
Apply at 242 Natoma si., basement.
MAN and wife want situations country hotel
or boardina^house: man first-class cook; wife
good laundress and pastry cook. 312 Van
Ness aye.
\NY one who would like plain sewing done
please call at 126 Fourth St., room 15.
— Situation as nuree and upstairs
work. Address MISS E. W., 2416 Fillmore st.
STOUNG American girl age 24 would like to
assist in housework, more for a good home
than wages; references given. Inquire 1219
Mission.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to %»
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
wnd hatrg*'C* to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
lAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all klndg
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 58.
"HINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell et."; tel. East 424.
IN experienced 6alesman; better accustomed
to represent wholesale or manufacturing
houses; wide acquaintance In city with whole-
sale and retail grocers; would accept a fairly
salaried position here, where family Is lo-
cated, preferably to starting away on semi-
annual Arizona trip, scheduled for next week;
kindly reply promptly. Address box 891, Call.
JERMAN-AMERICAN wishes charge of pri-
vate place or ranch; work for owner's interest
when absent; thoroughly understands horses,
cows, chickens, house grounds, farm, orchard
work; handy with tools; 5 years' references.
J. LEVASIER.'IC63 Sixteenth St., Oakland.
;OMPETENT coachman wants work; thorough
with horses and all stable duties; careful
driver; city or country; willing to do general
work: can milk: references first-class. P. G.,
box 661. Call office
JARDENER wants position; first-class work-
man; wide experience; private place, nursery^
or orchard. Address A. M., care PROFES-
>■<>)'. EMORY E. SMITH, Palo Alto.
—RST-CLASS upholsterer wishes work by the
day. 54 Rausch st.
'OUNG man wants employment, with oppor-
tunity of advancement; good habits and ad-
dress; beet references. L. F. 0., 1901 Milvla
st.. Berkeley, Cal. . ■ ..
lARDENER, married, desires work in nursery
or big private place; sober; thorough experi-
ence; hard worker; best references. Address
Gardener, Dalves' Hotel,' .Woodslde, Cal.
COACHMAN and gardener; thoroughly compe-
tent and srood, careful driver; can milk and
do all other work around gentleman's place
Box 856. Call office.
LN Intelligent, trustworthy young man desires
position of trust; well connected and recom-
mended. Address box 615, Call office.
'OUNG man wishes situation in private fam-
ily; has 4 years' reference from last place.
Box 708, Call office.
JAN and wife wish situations as cook and
helper at mining camp or ranch. Address box
CCS, Call office. >
LAN and wife want work of any kind In coun-
try. Address for one week, 520 Bush st.
.ADIES' tailor (cutter and fitter) wishes do-
eltlon; references. Box 6«0, Call office.
X)R private place or Country hotel, a voun_
man, English. 11 years In Alameda. Cal ex-
perienced in gardening in all its branches,
raising of vegetables, pruning trees, care of
greenhouse, etc., and if necessary can milk
and is used to horses; has references R
HOLDEN. 75 Third St.. city.
iITUATION wanted by a young man that
knows the city well to drive a team for
wholesale house; a deposit if wanted Box
868. Call office.
tAKER, foreman, with best of references,
wishes place as such; city or country; bread
and cakes. Addres Baker, 309 Third st.
Oakland. ■
ITUATION wanted by a first-class machinist
engineer and steamfltter. Address box $88'
Call office-. .
i
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
SITUATIONS WANTED Continued.
I FRENCH cook, first-class, newly arrived,
wants work; city or country. Box 667, Call.
i YOUNG man. 25 years old, will do housework
or any kind of work; recommendations; $1000
bond given; city or country. . Address 723E,
Call office. ; . . '■■ ■;
I GOOD reliable bar man and hotel man; coun-
try preferred; speaks German and English;
the best of business recommendation. Ad-
dress box 378, Call office.
WAS fireman 15 years on English ships; wishes
position as fireman on land: town or coun-
try. 440 Clementina st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN _ C 0....: Phone Grant .185
Head waitress, country, $30; 10 waitresses,
different resorts and country hotels, $20 and
$25; 2 waitresses, same commercial hotel,
near city, $20; 5 waitresses, city hotels, $20;
lunch waitress, no Sunday work, $3; 2 women
cooks, $40 and $30; 3 chambermaids to wait
dinner, $20; 2 fancy Ironers, city.
FAMILY ORDERS
Housegirl, 2 In lamily, $25; 2 housegirls for
Colusa, $20 and $25; 20 German and Swedish,
for cooking and housework, $20 and $25; girls
of all nationalities for cooking and general
housework, $15, $20 and $25. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
PROTESTANT woman cook for an institution,
city. $30. MURRAY _ READY, 634-636 Clay.-
WANTED Lady to take charge one office cor-
poration, receive orders; simple duties; must
invest $2000, which will be amply secured;
weekly salary; monthly dividends: investiga-
tion permitted. Box 604, Call office.
WANTED— Cook that understands home cook-
ing and can take charge of kitchen. 531 Ellis.
WOMAN for housework and cooking; after-
noons only. Apply Monday, 227 San Jose aye.
WANTED— French nursegirl to take charge of
baby 6 weeks old; French girl, English speak-
ing, neat and experienced; must have refer-
ence. Apply at 2116 California st.
WANTED— Young lady or boy with theatrical
experience to' work performing dogs. Box
734, Call office.
WANTED— Neat girl, light housework, $8, $10;
sleep home preferred. 783 Guerrero st.
BRIGHT young lady stenographers to Join spe-
cial training class to prepare for positions
at Ayres' Business College. Box 893, Call.'
WANTED— GirI who understands German cook-
ing; wages $25; references required. Call be-
tween 9 and 11, 1721 Jackson st.
EXPERIENCED operators on pants. Apply
HEYNEMAN & CO., 410,£ Mission, upstairs.
NURSEGIRL— girl to help take care of
baby and 3 children. 1562 Post st.
WANTED— An apprentice for dressmaking at
. 234 Post St., room 10.
APPRENTICE girl wanted for tailoring. 414
_ O'Farrell st. ;;-j
WANTED— A lady to sell Witch Hazel Ice;
the best toilet article known; big money in it.
Room 209. 927 Market st.
EXPERIENCED apprentices on custom pants.
1039 Howard st.
WAITRESS, $3 a week; no Sunday work. Ap-
ply bet. 9 and 10 Monday, 606 Mission st.
WANTED— 2S young ladles for the stage. Ap-
ply at B'nae B'rith Hall, ladles' parlor, Mon-
day, from 11 a. m. to 1 p. m.
WANTED— Good, reliable girl for cooking and
housework. Apply at 925 O'Farrell St., to-
day; call after 12. - .\v
GERMAN girl wanted for general housework.
629 McAllister st.
ATTENTION! ATTENTION! ATTENTION!
Special Inducements to all entering McDowell
Dressmaking and Millinery School before
June Ist. Now is the time to get a thor-
ough, practical education in the useful art of
dressmaking; perfect fitting system: call and
investigate the methods of the largest, most
successful school on Pacific Coast; feather-
boning taught : all late patterns cut to order.
THE McDOWELL. 103 Post st.
— Christian woman to qualify for po-
sition of trust: salary $*JO. Inclose reference
and self-addressed ttamped envelope to Di-
rector. Care Call office.
WANTED— Two good skirt and waist finish-
ers; state experience and salary expected. Ap-
ply box 592. Call office.
WANTED— GirI waitresses for evening. 431
Bush st.
WANTED— First-class finisher on pantaloons;
steady work. 42S Vallejo st.
NEAT housekeeper for one; wages $S monthly.
Box 333, Call Office.
EXPERIENCED governess, ■ capable of teach-
ing a girl 9 years old in all branches, thor-
ough musician and linguist, for a small coun-
try town In Nevada. Write full particulars
and references to MRS. E. R., Hotel Rich-
elieu.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment. Eagles*;!! Co.. 635 Market.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed; terms easy; evening classes. 506
Lravenworth st.
PLEASANT Bunny rooms; .day or week; re-
«p*ctable; moderate rate. 192 Seventh at.
OPERATORS op ovantUrt* and un.l-rwMf.
LEVI STHAI SS i. ''i> M\J "-"moot at.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY _ READY Phone Main
. . Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT MONDAY FROM 7 A. M
500 laborers $2 day and $175
500 teamsters $2 day and $175
55 rockmen, drillers, etc $3 and $2 50 day
For S. P. Coast Division
We ship dally via Third and Townsend st.
depot :
Free Free Fare Free
Office Fee Only $1
WAGES
$90, $86. $80, $75, $70. $65, $00, $55, $50, $45 to $15
and found
3259 men and strong boys wanted for Ari-
zona, Oregon, Washington, Hawaiian Islands
and all parts of California
WE WANT HELP FOR GOLD MINES, SIL-
VER AND COAL MINES
....WE WANT HELP FOR
Quarries, horseshoeing, blacksmith, .machine
.and wheelwright shops, factories
- mills and buildings
WE WANT HELP FOR.
Dairies, orchards, vineyards, ranches, farms,
•wine cellar*, cheese and butter factories
WE WANT HELP FOR
Hotels Restaurants and saloons
Cafes Butcher shops Bakeries,
Laundries Candy stores ...Factories
WE WANT HELP FOR
Sawmills, woods, S. P.. S. J. V. Railroads
and a hundred other different branches of
trades
• :.. WAGES
$90, $S5, $SO, $75, $70, $65, $60. $55, $45, $40, $35,
$30, $25, $20, $15 and found per month
COME ONE-COME ALL
We gave positions to 17.643 men during the
year of 1597
We "gave positions to 18,961 men during the
year of 189 S. ;
76 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for dif-
ferent places, $26, $25, $20 and found ...
14 choremen and boys for ranches, etc., $26,
$25, $20 and $10 and found; 16 milkers, $30. $25
and $20 arid found', different places; 9 hay-
makers, different parts of California, $1 25 day
15 fruit pickers, men and boys
-. $20 and $15 and found
..TO THE GOLD MINES
' Gold ' miner, $2 50 day; 2 laborers, gold mine,
$2 day; 12 laborers, no experience required,
$1 90 and $2 day
10 coal miners 50c to 75c car
6 slate splitters. $2 50 day;. 10 blockmakers,
$2 SO day
3 diamond drillers ...." .....$3 10 day
FOR SAWMILLS AND WOODS
154 laborers, no experience required, $26 and
found : ....' — . •
2 head donkey men $40 and found
3 spool tenders $30 and found
2 setters Steams' blocks $52 and found
ISO woodchoppers, tools furnished, ' $2 and $1
cord; 194 tiemakers, tools furnished, Sc, 9c
to 12c each —
READ THESE ..:.....'
Working foreman, ranch, $30 and found, So-
noma County; 7 stablemen, different jobs. $30,
$25 and $20 and found j
Can washer, city Job $30
Bricklayer
IN SAN FRANCISCO
10 two-horse «teamsters
$26 and found and $1 75 day
84 laborers, different Jobs, $175 day and $30
and found
.... BLACKSMITHS AND MACHINISTS ....
7 blacksmiths and horseshoers, $3, $2 50 day
and $50 and found; 3 machinists, shop in ,
country, $3 and . $2 F.O day; 6 blacksmiths,
camps and ranches. $35 and $30 and found.... '
FOR EVERY RAILROAD IN CALIFORNIA
r.36 laborers $2 and $175 day
348 teamsters ....$2 and $1 75 day ;
Office fee only $1 on all railroad Jobs
MURRAY ft TtEAt)Y.
634-636 Clay st.
14 cooks, different Jobs, $50, $40, $30 and $23: .
15 dishwashers and kitchen hands, $25 and •
$20 and $15 ..• .....'.
Bellboy Elevator boy
7 waiters $2.", $20 and $30 and found ,
2 porters -.2 assistant bakers
2 laundrymen ..."...... Boy for store
S second cooks. — .....sso .
......MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
- ATTENTION *
Office open To-day, . Sunday Office open
.......From 7 to 11 0'c10ck......;...
Wanted For the S. P. Coast Railroad :
All the men we can get for. tunnel work,
truck laying. teaming. laboring, concrete
mixing, .wheelbarrow work . . : .". . stone-
masons.....;.... ....Tent repairer. r
Wages from $3 to $1 75 a dajs*C Free fare
Call to-day ready to go thte morning or; to '
sign to go Monday morning. ,
Free Fare....... Office Fee $1....... Free Fare '
For other help wanted see to-morrow's Call.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. :
BRICKLAYERS and plasterers— About 4 or 3
that are acquainted with East; others to "
work at Hilo,' Hawaiian Islands; no money '
needed. Call on Monday morning at room 173,
Occidental Hotel, at 9 o'clock, and every day ,
at same hour for 3 days. A. RICHLEY. ' .]
HELP W ANTED— Continued.
MEN wanted— Teamsters, shovelers and ■ drill-
men on railroad being. built by. CAMPBELL
& BUCKMAN, between Sonora and Summer-
vllle, Tuolumne County; take boat to Stock-
ton and then train to Oakdale, and then
from Oakdale to Sonora; fare from Oakdale
$1, which will be returned if men work 30
days. Apply to E. C. SHERWOOD, superin-
■ tendent on the work, or A. E. BUCKMAN,
302 Montgomery , St., room 4.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service or census examination with-
out seeing our catalogue of information; sent
free. COLUMBIAN CORRESPONDENCE
COLLEGE. Washington, D. C.
AGENTS, either sex, for our Matchless Amer-
ican Grease Eradlcator and Glove Cleaner;
no acids or odor; sample sent on recelyt of
I 25c. CAMERON & BLINCK, 175 Monticello
I aye.. Jersey City. N. J.
I SALESMEN— $400 a month and all expenses
guaranteed stilling to merchants Arctic Re-
frigerating Machines for cooling refrigerators-
guaranteed 75 per cent cheaper than ice; ex-
clusive territory assigned. ARCTIC RE-
FRIGERATING CO.. Cincinnati, O.
DISHWASHER at 1504 Kentucky st., Potrero,
Keidy Hotel. . . . .
GREEN hands for voyasre to Alaska, good
wages, at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuarf st.
WANTED— good men. Apply at 22 Post fit..
from. 7:30 to 8:30 p. m., 22d met.
lIN Santa Cruz Co., 10 to 12 woodchoppers;
: steady work. Apply 40 California St., room 8
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight week
required; constant practice: catalogue free.
Moler's Barber College, 625 Clay st.
B 2}f to atte ° d store and go errands. ROGER-
SON'S, 535 Valencia st.
WANTED— man, 1 hour each morning, to
clean horse. 1383 Stevenson st.
BARBER wanted, young man preferred, at
112% Eddy st.
WANTED— woodworker. Bay View
Carriage Factory. San Rafael. ■
EXPERIENCED feeder for Job printing
presses. 16 Fremont st.
STRONG boy. Apply 410% Mission St., up-
stairs.
CAPABLE man to represent us as general
agent; $100 month and expenses. Address,
with references, TONTINE SAVINGS AND
INVESTMENT CO., LTD., Chicago.
RAILROAD teamsters wanted on the Valley
road; apply at Stone's camp, near Giant sta-
tion; wages. $1 75 to $190: also first-class
tunnel men; apply at Point Richmond; wages
$1 75. $2 and $2 50. E. B. STONE. San Pablo.
WANTED— Christian man to qualify for posi-
tion of trust; salary $900. Inclose reference ]
and self-addressed stamped envelope to Di-
rector, care Call office.
FIRST-CLASS tunnel superintendent; good sal-
ary; references required; state experience.'
Apply box 7548, Call office. .
FARM hands wanted. Call at Golden Eagle
Hotel. Marysville, Cal.
THIS morning, painter an paperhanger. Apply
7:30 a. m., 1129 Mission st.
WANTED— 2O men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
ELDERLY man, cabinet maker, to assist on
light woodwork. Address box 866, Call.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rlne Corps, United State* navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
year*, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between i feet 4
Inches and 6 feet 1 Inch in height. For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Test*
ccal mines, Alameda County, Cal. ; sufficient
new ground has been opened up during ths
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
•re not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND BAN JOAQUIN COAL CO.. R. H. Nor-
ton, superintendent.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 lanr »
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138% Eighth, st.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission at.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
150 MEN for cleanest houses In city, "Central
House," 871 Market, and "Branch House,"
861; 15c to 60c night; all daily papers.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 3jc to
00c. ,'62 Mission St.. between iRt and. 2d at*.
300 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and iSo
per night. Llndeil, 6th and Howard; read. rra.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
ELLIS. S2l (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day,
week or mo.: rates. 26c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
250 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
House, 614 Howard, cor. New Montg. ; single,
10c. 35c night: 60c, 90c week: reading room.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorney*
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel, Jessie 1184.
SINGLE rooms, 16c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House. 863% Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room; 250 a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. .LANE, Ship-
ping Agent. 604-506 Davis st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerkß. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED — reliable men as general or
local agents for the best acetylene gas gen-
erator on the market: commission liberal and
permanent work for the right man. Apply to
P. O. box 243, Seattle, Wash. -. -.'..
$15 SODA fountain— One merchant cleared $200
with one in 8 days: salesmen make big money
Felling it. Write for particulars. FOX & CO..
Herald building, Chicago. .
AGENTS and others start business at home.
For plan and list of trade wrinkles, secrets,
processes, discoveries and formulas, write
WHEATON & CO., New Bedford, Mass.
AGENTS — Send 5 cents for latest selling nov-
elty and big catalogue. M. HALLIE & CO.,
225 Dearborn St., Chicago.
AGENTS— Gasoline' gas lamps for hot weather;
$2 to $ profit to agents. Brilliant Gas Lamp
Co., 48 Clark St., Chicago.
SOMETHING remarkable; 400 per cent: every
woman purchases. K. ELLISON, 1623 Polym-
nia st., New Orleans.
AGENTS— SS to $10 daily earned selling novel-
ties: everybody buys them: territory assigned.
PACIFIC NOVELTIES CO., 207 Battery st.
CITY and country: sell Magic Sole and Heel |
Protectors; sample prepaid, . 10c. BRONN, 332
Bush st.
ANY one desiring to make money call at 902
Seventh St., room 30, Oakland, 10 to 12 a. m.
MEN and women, good address, to travel and
appoint agents; salary $75 month; expenses;
rapid advancement; unusually brilliant op- :
portunity. Address, with reference, BUTLER
& ALGER. New Haven, Conn. .
' '.; PARTNERS "WANTED.
IN the manufacture and sale of. new and use- i
ful article. Call '.*27 Market St.. room 627.
HOUSES WANTED. ~~
TWO ladles would like to take charge of a '
house during the summer months during the ■
absence of the owner; can give reference.
Box 717. Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD "WANTED.
GENTLEMAN, sunny room, board. $18 month;
private family preferred. Box 753, Call.
YOUNG gentleman desires room and board In '
Christian family. Box 712. Call office.
ROOMS "WANTED.
IF you want rooms see our (free) descriptive i
list. If you want roomers register here ' i
MATHESON'S AGENCY, room 209. 927 Mar-
ket st. .
BY a lady, 2 sunny unfurnished rooms, with
attendance; strictly private family: Western ■
Addition: references exchanged. E., box 621
Call office. ■ • I
MISCELLANEOUS. ]
WANTED— Good upright piano In exchange for
carpenter work. Box 724,: Call office.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams "
with harness and pead bars; long job. E B '
STONE. Elmhurst. .
PIANO, safe, carpets, curtains, etc.. also sur-
rey and team, etc., for board at summer
hotel near Colfax. A. T.. room 200. Safe De-
posit bldg., San ' Francisco, Cal.
AMATEUR musicians to Join orchestra for so-
cial purposes. 328 Bush Ft. room 4. ■ ■ - ',
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bough t7~soid~; 1
machine supplies. ' 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer. White cheap J
repairing guaranteed 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, -nted- r«- '
pairing at lowest rates 205 Fourth at.
SPIRITUALISM. •' \ '
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases: diagnosis
free; sittings, ?1. 232 Stockton st.
i MRS. S. SIEP. psychometrist; 11 to 5: 50c;
: circles evenings except Sat., 10c. 1724 Market.
MRS. MENA : FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. . 118 Haight st. ' . :
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m.
j Mon.. Is; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
i MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
j teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME SYLVESTER, the celebrated clairvoy-
■ ant, ■ palmist and card reader returned from
abroad, opened parlors at 112 Mason st., near
Ellis st.; hours 9 a. m. till 9 p. m. ; open
Sundays; fee 50c; English and German spok-
en; card reading at private entertainments.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
Bight: diagnoses disease; full life reading; la-
dies, 50c; gents, $1; sit.. $1 50. 128 Turk St.
10c FOR a short time only; your fortune told
satisfactorily. Mrs. Rosenthal, 405 Stevenson.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MRS. MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; action or no pay. 234% Sixth.
MISS GREEN, card reading and palmistry. 203
I Post, room 7.
I MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis st., parlors 6 and 7.
MISS GRACE HAYS, card reader and mas-
netlst, 207 Powell st., rooms 5 and 6.
JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader,
removed to 865% Market st., rooms 8-9.
1 MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, r. 12.
MISS EVA SHELDON, celebrated card reader
from Portland, Or., 17 Grant aye., room 6.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, 10c: ladies only.
543 Natoma st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned revealer, first
in her profession: never falls. 325 A Sutter st.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St., rooms 1 and 2.
MISS BAY. returned, has voodoo charm from
Africa. 223 Post St.. room 6.
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist,
1065 Market st., room 2.
MISS OLLIE LAKE returned, palmist and
card reader. 118 Grant aye, r. 15, second floor.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth at.
MISS A. FAURE. card reader and palmist, 405
Kearny St., r. 34; French and English spoken. •
MME. ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom-
etrist; parlors 2 and 3, 995 Market st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
. PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger.
main*. 61$ Geary st., above Jones; tel. Hyda
2621; reading by mall. $1.
A— MME. BUSHNELL. the famous, palmist.
816 Bush fit., between Taylor and 'Jones.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES. . .
DEWEY Navigation and Trading Company
will dispatch their first vessel on or about
June 10, 1899, for St. Michael, Cape Nome and
Kotzebue Sound. i Contracts for passengers
and freight must be made with the general
office: no outside agents. For particulars
apply to CHAS. F. BLANDIN, President, 10
California St.. room 5. *
j EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071% Market St.. S. F. ; examina-
tlcn free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aped should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $5. No In-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER,
agent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s infallible
pills. 510 Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin: of-
. fice hours, 10 to 12, S to 4 and 7 to S; Sun-
days, 4 to 8 p. m.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly alt
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
tame day; no instruments used: cure at office,
$0: home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. : Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near and far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home; bent medical attendance: pills, $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
This well-known ladies' physician will leave
for Europe May 25, in order to gain knowledge
which is to be derived at that central point
of medicines, for the benefit of her many pat-
rons on her return in August.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
B0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
voided: kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills. $1; very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly: consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. ; Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great .progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
• at once: safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure. $5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice . 37 years,
DR. POPPER. 313 Kearny st.
A— DR. O. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write. 1023% Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden
aye.— Private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician In attendance; con-
sultation free: infants adopted Into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
a vice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7to 9\p. m. ; . .
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mall; at
. druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phila,.
ALL married Indies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
st. ; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal .
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50-
-expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late'
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents; Oakland. Cai]
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours; reli-
able, safe, sure: maternity home.; no instru-
ments; consultation free, confidential; home
treatment, $5. DRS. ALLEN, 228 Van Ness.'
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement-
best of care. 552 Castro, cor. 7th. Oakland.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back;s.'i up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 11' Mason st.
ATTO K.N fcTi> AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER- James ~"3 Ma"
quire (ex-Congressman) and James L Galla
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build
Ing. 825-855 Market St. ; tel. Sduth 215.
ADVICE free; H. W. King, attorney at law
sixth floor, Chronicle building; no advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages. attach-
ments, bankruptcy. a!l cases; wills, contracts
etc., drawn;, moderate fees; call or write.
<O charge unless successful; advice free- of
flee open evenings from S to 9. HUGH r
GRANT, room 604. Emma Spreckels bldg
VDVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private-
"£v££ without success; collections. G w"
HOWE, atty at law. £o Market, cor. Stocktn!
S " CLARKE— Emma Spreckels buildlngTlS
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
'w^DAVrD^N, O^
\ WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year:
PERSONALS.
AM 55, wealthy but lonely; will make home
happiest spot on earth to appreciate wife.
MR. "ASTOR," 1297 Lexington aye.. N. Y.
ALICE— I arranged to take your&elf and friends
to see Little Egypt to-morrow night. GEO.
WOULD like to correspond with a gentleman
with a view to matrimony. Box 725. Call.
AN Eastern lady, a graduate physician, who
has traveled extensively, would like a posi-
tion as physician, nurse and traveling com-"
panion to an invalid or elderly lady or gen-
tleman. Address E. S., box 659, Call -office.
LEDERER'S Quintonlca is the only reliable
hair tonic; keeps the hair clean and glossy;
35c a bot. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser, charges
but 25c; this week he will offer all his $1 hair
switches at 75c; good quality and length. G.
LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
HIRSUITINE restores gray hair to its original
color, cures dandruff and eczema, stops hair
falling out. grows hair on bald heads or no
pay; remedy by mail. Hirsuitine Hair Spe-
cialists, C Eddy st., San Francisco.
WANTED— bright young ladies to take 3
months' course in alopecia and dermatology
(Dr. W. S. Gottheil's methqd); graduates
guaranteed positions; only those who can
give references need apply. DR. E. E. Mc-
LEAN, 213 Claus Spreckels building.
ALL of the remaining furniture, carpets, cur-
tains, etc., of the Alexandria Hotel, removed
to the big store in Odd Fellows' building,
Market St., near Seventh, to be closed out at
once regardless of value; open evenings till S.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases. ■
A GUARANTEE— Death to fleas, roaches, etc.;
mailed, 30c. DR. HARDCASTLE, Montgom-
ery block. San Francisco, Cal.
HEALTHY wetnurse wanted; willing to
travel. MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St.,
Alameda.
CATARRH treated free: piles, rupture, asso-
ciated diseases. Room 3, 131 Post St.. S. F.
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
dressing. Apply room 400, Examiner building.
CITIZENS' Window Cleaning C.0., 204% Eddy,
still on deck; windows and floors. ■
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
' carpet twine. in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
WANTED— The address of any one seeing lady
hurt en Howard- st. car between Fourth and
Fifth sts. Thursday, ISth inst. Please ad-
dress WM. A. AKIN, 3062 Twenty-fourth st.
DON'T miss Professor Merki's annual concert
and ball, Wed.. May 24, Union Sq. Hall; 25c.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians,* sur-
geons and private Individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 25th; Guerrero st. cars; tel. Blue 991.
WANTED— gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 24S O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason.
CEMETERY fences; best work; lowest prices.
DOUGLAS, Central aye., bet. Bush and Pine.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st., l/aw a Specialty.
San Francisco, CaL American and Foreign
Bend for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; "Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
1000 ENVELOPES, billheads, cards, noteheads
or statements Drinted. $1 50; send for sam-
ples. BLEY. Printer, 511 Sacramento st. ;
phone Main 1836.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S terms for singing lessons:
Classes, $2, $3 and $5 monthly; single lessons,
$6 (1 weekly; $10 (. w.); $15 (3 w.); $20 (4 w.)
and $26 (every day a lesson). ■ 1236 Market st.
U. Z. SUSAKI & CO., manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order; all kinds
of Japanese crockery, basketware. 488 Hajght.
T. BRILLIANT, 338-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladles' talkir-made suits; low
prices; easy payments. Eastern • Outfitting
Co.. cloak and suit dept., 1306 Stockton at.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITARI, 313 Sutter St.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought, ■
Bold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st. '
CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. T. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion: guarntd. Dr. Gordin, 514 Pine. ab. Kearny.
FOLDING beds $S 50; bedrnTsets $8: bed lounges
$4 50; open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 Sixth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
. Call. 16 pases, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
Postage paid. ' £_. •-"■" .■'•'.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 387 Geary st. dresses made, $S
up: perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
-INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
ALL of the remaining furniture, carpets, cur-
tains, etc., of the Alexandria Hotel, removed
to the big store in Odd Fellows' building,
Market St.. near Seventh, to be closed out at
once regardless of value; open evenings till 8.
FOR sale whole and 1 half fare second-class
tickets from San Francisco to Springfield, 111.,
about July 10. Parties wishing such cheap
communicate at once with 505 S. Glenwood
aye., Springfield, 111. ■ *
A l.'-STONE cluster diamond marquise ring;
price $<3, worth $75; for sale for one day only.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
SCHOONER Lotus In good condition, fully
equipped; a bargain. 4 Falmouth, or LEE'S
Boathouse, Long Bridge.
A 14-KARAT gold stem-winding American
watch for $25; worth $60. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye. . ■
LARGE variety thoroughbred chicken eggs for
hatching; also fowl. Kraus, 1031 McAllister.
GASOLINE engines— h. p. $100, 2 h. p. $125, 3
h.p, $150, 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
SECOND-HAND tents, good as new. 14x16, 12x
14, for sale cheap. Box 617. Call office.
FINE "Wheeler-Wilson" sewing machine, only
$8, at 130 Eleventh st. Call Monday.
GOOD Singer sewing machine; price $10; also
cookstove and stable. 1632 McAllister st.
ELEGANTLY fitted up store, Including shelv-
ing, counters and 5 silver-mounted showcases;
living rooms in rear; long lease; rent $25.
256" Third st.
CHEAP— II sets of inside blinds; almost new
„ Inquire 2406% Folsom st.
ATTENTION— PeopIe going to Alaska will do
well by buying that beautiful and well-
trained team of Eskimo dogs at 2137 Lombard
st., bet. Fillmore and Stelner.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures: new and second-hand
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-10.1-1023 Mission st "
above Sixth.
A -AM OVITRgTnPTr _
St. . Germain Billiard Co., 409 Market st • all
styles, new and 2d-hand tables bar fixtures
supplies; best beer pumps; cheap; installmts!
A— SUITS made to order for $35 at SoS
JF^T_CL^mNG^AI^JEIS^JI3^ion t gomery:
™pf a s_sr«r&aiSr. sale from $is °
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters^O Kearny st,, near Pine
SECOND-HAND machinery, scran iron «nd
metals boaght S. P. ± fr. ff
N n™? A , L / a ' register and fire and burglar
proof safe for sale cheap. 42 lain st.
COMBINED punch and shears; medium size
screw cutting lathe. 648 Mission st
L WT?it^ complete; boiler, engine, etc.
>% HITE S. £16 Mission St.
S^Smi?- 3^ ? n *f!r. T *7 second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st.
B R ,^-'- counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sou and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
'ii 7 ,m^7'M-^ 1Z o S new and second hand. THE
HbRMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
P n, LY^ HONE ' $35: attachment (only). $15; will
nt phono or Kraphophone. Bacigalupl, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand, all
_ sizes; half original cost: 109-111 Market. S. F.
'■• LOST.
LOS ,T"T Amethyst and diamond screw earring;
suitable reward. F. SCHMIDT. 301 Leaven-
worth st.
LOST— On train from Santa Cruz Saturday,
May 20. bluckskln wallet containing money;
suitable reward. G. P. WOODWARD. 2200
Fillmore st. t
LOST— WiII party who got basket by mistake
from Tiburon ferry parcel room, on last
Wednesday on 5:10 boat please return C. O
P.. and will forward their own?
LOST — A very small green polly on Fourth st. ;
no nail on one toe. Return 439 Fourth: reward.
LOST— terrier, around O'Farrell and Tay-
lor sts. Liberal reward at 200 Turk st.
WAVY coated black dog; answers to 'the' name
of Monk; tag 711. Finder return to H. A.
BUTTERS, Hillside aye., Piedmont; suita-
ble reward. ;-.,- .
. -^
DUSINESf CHANCES.
$350— STATIONERY, notions and cigar store;
bargain. NAT'L AGENCY, 783% Market st.
PHOTO-ENGRAVING, publishing and printing
business; a sacrifice.. Nat. Agency, 753% Mkt.
FIRST-CLASS saloon, north of Market, $2600;
paying saloon, location best, $1000; cheap
restaurant, pays well, must sell, $200. , GER-
MAN-AMERICAN, 34 Kearny st.
$175— BARi;EK shop; live chairs; laundry
agency included. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777
Market st. ■ _
$250— SALOON; north Market; doing good busi-
ness; owner sick; must sell. JONES & CO.,
865 Market st. ______
OYSTER house; great sacrifice; cause leaving
city. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
I ANY kind of business bought or sold.
Matheson's Gen. Agency, 927 Market, rm. 209.
WANTED— A party experienced in hotel busi-
ness as a partner in taking charge of a fine
hotel; capital required $1000; also a furnished
hotel to rent; cigar store (must be sold at
once), $100; grocery and bar, to be sold by
May 25 $150. We have splendid opportunities
in all classes of business; before buying call
at our office; German. French, Spanish and
English spoken. PACIFIC COAST EX-
CHANGE, rooms 2-3. 1007% Market, nr. Sixth.
PARTNER wanted in a first-class hotel (new)
of 235 rooms in a city In California of 000
Inhabitants; only one other first-class hotel in
the city; present owner is a first-class hotel
man- need of a partner with about $10,000 to
furnish new addition is only reason for wish-
ing to sell a half interest; business for April
showed a profit of $SOO. For further parti-
culars address box 614, Call office. ;
BARGAIN— San Rafael; corner of G St., opp.
West End narrow-gauge depot; 2-story house
containing. 7 large rooms upstairs, saloon and
large sitting-room and 2 rooms downstairs;
splendid chance for a business man; lot 130 x
1U0; fronting on 3 streets. Inquire premises.
RESORT— Sunset oyster and refreshment
house, half way between Cliff House and In-
glesid'e on Ocean boulevard; for sale or lease
(furnished), or will take a partner; will open
about June 1. Apply to room 11, 632 Market
st., or on the premises.
$2000— INTEREST in corporation; honorable
business; investment secured; investor handle
money himself; further developing business;
weekly salary; man of ordinary ability suffi-
cient; investigation permitted. Box 604, Call.
PARTNER wanted; light business: clear
$75 each. Cigar stand; cheap; sickness cause
of selling, Saloon; a bargain; $100 c.ear a
month. Coal yard; cheap; death cause of,
selling. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary.
TO intended Eastern purchasers of profitable
orchards, legitimate exchanges, first mort-
gage loans and for further information from
a Santa Clara Valley Orchard Agency of
California write to box 711. Call office..
WANT a few good men to Invest $1000; carpen-
ters preferred; good wages paid; investment
will pay $100 month besides wages; the $1000
returned in 12 months; personal Interview for
particulars. Box 603, Call office.
$400 MONTHLY; success certain: start a mall
order business yourself; we furnish every-
thing; your profit 100 per cent; particulars
free. X. C, Perfection Mfg. Co., Cincinnati. O.
SHOEMAKER— A rare chance; for sale cheap;
leather, last, tools, patching machine, etc.; 1
mile from Stanford University. Inquire
French shoemaker, Mayfield, Cal.
WANTED— An active man, with small amount
of money, as partner In saloon business; full
investigation; established 15 years. Box 477,
Call office, Oakland. ___________
PARTNER, experienced salesman preferred,
to handle money-making store article; newly;
patented; small capital required. Box 785,
Call office.
BLACKSMITH shop and tools cheap; clearing
over $150 month. Address MRS. E., 353 Fifth,
Al SALOON; good location; cheap. Inquire at
WICHMAN. LUTGEN & CO., 318-322 Clay st.
BUSINESS man can obtain share in a well-
known patent and business. Box 714, Call.
FOR sale— Best paper route in city. Address
box 730. Call office. .
CALL at room 131, 122 Davis St., before going
to Alaska mines.
SHOE shop; must be sold; good paying busi-
ness; 1 room furnished; good prices. 332 Bush.
FOR Bale cheap, second-hand baker's oven. At
Coal Yard. 847 Mission st.
BAKERY and notion store; 3 living rooms; es-
tablished 18 years. 44% Ninth st.
SEE BASILE, 873% Market St., to buy or sell
your business; lodging houses a specialty.
NEW and complete furniture of a flat for sale
cheap; best stove and linen. 912% Pierce St.;
call from 1 to 4 p. m.
LADY partner wanted In an office enterprise;
good scholar with small capital required. Box
895, Call office.
$125— PARTNER in butcher shop; good open-
ing for practical man. Box ; 890, Call office.
FOR sale cheap; set butcher fixtures. 1344 How-
ard st.
FOR SALE— store; good chance. 130
Eighth St.; no agents.
BARBERS— Shop for sale cheap; one chair; 150
and 25c. Information 2045 Mission st.
SALOON; cheap: East St., near Folsom; low
rent. Inquire Call office.
BARBER shop; 2 chairs and fixtures; good
location; $30 cash.. Inquire Call office.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— A dry goods, fancy
goods and millinery store, located at Hollis-
ter (county seat); stock about $SOOO, in good
condition; will sell at treat sacrifice; crop
prospects first class. Apply at 134 Sixth st.
$10,000 WANTED to finish machinery for de-
veloped gold mine; each $1000 invested will
pay $22,500 yearly dividends: investment and
dividends guaranteed; particulars at personal
interview. Box 867, Call office.
FOR — Gallery in Seattle;, old and prosper-
ous stand; must sell at once.* For particulars
- see T. P. ANDREWS, 109 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — 2-chair 5c barber shop; price $20.
35 Pacific st.
SALOON for sale at 80 Jackson St., between
Davis and Drumm.
BARBER shop for sale. Inquire at 1536 Ken-
tucky st.
. BARBER shop with living rooms for sale at
1612% Folsom st.
FOR sale cheap — Steam cleaning and dyeing
works; doing a first-class business. 20 Locust
St., Santa Cruz, Cal.
WELL-PAYING jewelry store, established 17
years, for sale on account of departure for
Europe; watch repair work a specialty. Ap-
ply to GEO. STEAD, 316% Third st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply tola
office. ■
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
16-ROOM house; clears $S0; only $350
110-room corner house; clears $500 5500
18-room house on Turk st 700
65-room house to exch'ge for small house. 3000
10-room house on Taylor st 500
24-room house on Market st 900
15-room house on Howard st 600
22-room; new; cost $4500 1800
24 rooms on Geary st 625
26 room*; corner house 850
14 rooms on O'Farrell st 350
12-room house; large yard; downtown.... 400
15 rooms; clears $100; only .' 300
12 rooms: exchange for large house 600
54-room house; clears $300 1600
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. 6th.
9 ROOMS $125 15 rooms $;»)
7 rooms 200 28 rooms 550
7 rooms.. 225 18 rooms 750
50 others clearing $50 to $200; money loaned
National Agency. 7S3'b Market st.
25- ROOM house: centrally located; finely fur-
nish*!, with elevator: everything first-class;
well patronized: doing good paying business;
will trade for city property and assume mort-
gage. ELSTON & THOMPSON. 239 Post st.
ALL of the remaining furniture, carpets, cur-
tains, etc, of the Alexandria Hotel, removed
to the big store in Odd Fellows' building.
Market St.. near Seventh, to be closed out at
once regardless of value; open evenings till 8.
THE furniture of 15 rooms in whole or in part:
steady roomers if taken at once. Address
box B. Call branch office, 357 Hayes st.
POST, 239, corner Stockton— Sunny corner suites
and single rooms-; centrally located; to gen-
tlemen and families: all conveniences: refer-
ences given; elevator.
$150—11 ROOMS; near Third and Market: rent
W. National Agency. 7^3' -.. Market st.
FURMTI'RE FOR SALE.
ALL of the remaining furniture. carpetsPcur^
tains, etc., of the Alexandria Hotel, removed
to the big store in Odd Fellows' building
Market St.. near Seventh, to be closed out at
once regardless of value; open evenings till 8.
CHIFFONIER, couch, stair carpet, kitchen
table, rocker, mattresses nearly new. WHIT-
ING, 311 Polk St.: no dealers.
FURNITURE of 4-room fiat at 60 2^e St., off
Bryant, near Fourth. Call Monday bet. 1 A 3.
FURNITURE of r.-room flat for sale; piece or
whole. 1017 Devisndero st.
FURNITURE of G-room flat, as a whole
or part. 234% Sixth st.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
50c Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton »t.
4 ROOMS furnish.x! In oak for $4S 60. with No.
7 ranee King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
;. .-.- -•; :.y> •■"■ physicians.
DR. C. C, O'DONNELL, of residence!
1021% Market st- bet. «th and 7th. ; -,
■ ■'■'" "' BICYCLES.
HIGH-GRADE bicycle at a bargain; $12. 4M
■ Grove st. ■'-■>-•: v.-v ••■-,•■"■»-'•■- "---v —;■.'.•*. - J -CITY REAL ESTATE.
G. 11. CMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENT?,
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
BUSINESS PROPERTIES.
9 CORNER ON MARKET STREET.
$13,000^-3 frontaces: store and flat: two 2-
story homes and cottage; 2 lots: 13:11x90 and
75x73:11.
TO CLOSE AN KSTATE.
$25.000— Mission st. and running through to |
another street; 30x160; present improvements of
little value; renting for $121 50; this is a real '
bargain; a short distance from Third st.
PARTITION .I.E.
$:2.ooQ— Buslr.f-ss property on Howard St.: .
running through to Tchsma St.: 6 stores and 3
fl.us; ;a:4xlf^: 2 frontasres; half of lot unim- j
proved: present rents $140 per month, which
ccalrt l>> doubled if lot were fuily built upon.
FOURTH ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$SCOO — To clo^e an estate; improvements and
)ot. C3xS5: rents J660 per annum.
FLATS AND INVESTMENTS.
TWO ELEGANT MODERN FLATS.
$12,500—2 elegant modern flats; r«>nts JS6S per
annum; !3x57:6; enly a short distance from
Market Bt:
MUST BE SEEN TO BE APPRECIATED.
$^2<X>— We ar<» instructed by the attorneys for"
the hrirs in the Kast to off*r this property at 1
this price for a few days only; la*t appraise-
ment, $11,000: 3 houses of S. 7 and 7 rooms and
bath each; renta $66; -50:3x100; Nos. 1537-39-43
Larkin *t.. south of Clay.
MISSION WARM BELT BARGAIN.
$7000—3 elegant r.ew modern Data bt 7. 7 and
4 rooms and bath each; rents $C 3? per annum; !
stable, driveway; 40x114: in the Nob HUI s*c- !
Uon of tin? Minion; handy to Valencla-st. cars.
NORTH OF MARKET ST. BARGAIN.
$<iSC0 — Near Taylor an>l California sts. ; rrr.ts
J7» per annum: 3 elegant nearly r.ew, modern |
flats of 6, 5 and 5 rooms and bath each, etc. ;
lar^e lot.
ANOTHER BARGAIN.
JS.-.Oo— Price greatly reduced: 2 substantial 3-
Story houses of S rooms and bath each; rents
1720 p*r annum; 37:6x71: a great bargain.
THREE FLATS ON FILLMORE ST.
)r $5500— Rents $540 rer annum; 3 flats and lot:
* nearly new and mr-lern.
TWO FLATS— VERY CHEAP.
$1600— Near Leavenworth st. and Broadway;
rents $216 per annum; 2 flats of 5 and 4 roonjs
t -
RESIDEN
AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
Rs.WA_pme st. ; elegant mansion cf 12 rooms
find bath, etc.; £5x137:6.
VERY CHEAP-WEBSTER ST.
$3125— Adjoining a corner; substantial 2-st<WT
and basement modern bouse o£ 7 rooms -dj ,
bath, etc., and lot.
$3*oo— Very cheap: Stanyan st.: new modern
residence of 6 rooms and bath, storeroom, c.c,
etc.: 25x120; 2 minutes' w^k to the cars. .*ne
view.
CHEAP MISSION WARM BELT HOME.
$2050— Nice modern 2-story and_ h ;S h n . bas *:
men: residence of 6 rooms and bath, -;xU4 ;
north line of street: handy to several lines of
Cars nica parden \ this '5 a. •■
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE-
S3v«-Cheap home near Hyde and CWitarnla
srt cars; 8-stor: house_of 7 rooms and lot.
FORECLOSURE OF MORTGAGE.
••ic.vi vn reas^rabie effer refused; a very
MISSION COTTAGE-\ EF.Y C HEAP, r
$M 3.0— Cozy cottage of 4 rooms and lot . -oxlOO;
XtaSSblWun belt: handy to several £bm>oC
Btreetcars; very easy .term* can be arranged.
LOTS.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS BARGAIN.
11500— Sacrameato St.; 25x107; street work
VERY EASY TERMS.
k V.'c are offering the lots at Waller and Stein-
t - , ;s of th-> 'i-rmin Savings ar.d Loan So- ]
eiety: street work done complete; at $12>0 and
upward: lots all ready to build on; terms, one-
• fourth cash; balance at 7 i-er cent.
12 CHOICE BUILDING LOTS VERY CHEAP-
-11 SOLU->. _.
$I*so and upward: Hth and Henry sts; 1 blocs
from Market St.: 25x115 each; level, on grade
and ready tor building at very low prices, and,
beinu so "nicely located, are selling rapidly.
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Rec-
ords, which contains a list of Properties for
,i;em all tarts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
1* Montgomery .n.
i EAL E? U A I» E i EvL^NV|>N^_ Rr sT _
lii2s<>— Beautiful marine view lot; north side
VaJlt-'o s:-. between Octavia. and Laguna; ■
t!37.-€; "street acc^i>tei!.
js'^V—Van Ness aye., east side, between Pa-
tio and Broadway; 35x100; elegant location for
le re-atdence or tla.ts.
$31*0— Guy rlace, off First ft., bet. Fi.lsom
.'; Harrison; nice 2-story l-.ay- window house;
•jck tcundailon; S rooms and bath; rents ♦*.'.
$;. »V-Cleveland St., near Seventh; 2")X73;
double house; rtnts $24; street accepted; must
$;$.•«» — Corner on Seventh st., 1 block from
Market £t. and nearly opposite Postoffice; 25x
75. with 2-story frame; rents $100-
-ie,-<y._Rents S6#> per annum: northwest corner
Clay aad M^son sts.; 20x60; \ tores and flats
above; thete rents could be doubled.
$3000-Presii!o Heights; Clay St., north side.
( vest of Spruce; nearly n,ew house, 9 rooms and
fcath; marine view; a bargain.
$12,000 — Northeast corner Broadway and
Franklin et.; 37:ixl37:ti; elegant lot; unob- '
. structed marine view.
$cy>}— Lot alone worth $7300; FUlmore st., I
between Sacramento and Clay; 25x90; 2 flats; i
Rpr.ts $740 per month — Downtown corner; 6-
story building near Market and Taylor ets.;
r.ri**e $100 t*O*j. . ;
Jl. J. RICH & CO 112 Montgomery st.
$10,500— Pays over 11 r«-r cent; rents $1122 per
ar.r.urr.; Baker St.; 3 elegant modern improved
Cats; evtry convenience; near Golden Gate
Park. : v- --'■■-'•
MA')— Central aye., near Waller st.; comer
V '. i xil4; 3 frontaces.
%il>y>— Maple bt.. near Clay; new modern im-
Troved house; lot 23x137:6.
150) .— lit-rry St.; lot through to Channel St.;
water front, between Fifth and Sixth sts.
$25w— Perry St., between Third and Fourth; 2
Cats; lot 25xS0.
%ji*j\ — Haight st ; 2 modern improved flats; \
Hf-ar Pierce st. ; lot 21x112:6.
$£CO0 — Eighteenth and Church sts. ; large cor-
ner let 62x114 and 2-story cottage house.
Slo. ooo— Clay-st. residence and large lot 3Sx
127:-'- t : near Fillmore bt. , first-class residence
■.■.-.- A. J. RICH & CO., 112 Montgomery st.
FOR PALE BY
HAWKS v BKELTON, "21 Montgomery st.
$12,500— O'Fairell et., nr. Taylur; right In line \
of Improvement; houae cf 11 rooms; can
be altered to fiats and store.
$20,000 — Jones St., nr. Golden Gate aye. and Hi-
bernla Bank; 22 rooms; can be leased
$luo per month; reduced from $25,CKfO.
118,300 — Leavenworth st. . nr. California; 3 dwell-
ings; rented $135 per month steadily;
easy terms.
j:?. ooo— Scott st., nr. Washington, opposite Alta
Plaza; choice neighborhood; elegant ;
home, 8 rooms.
: -New flats; Frederick St., nr. Clayton :
and the park; renta $30; easy terms.
$€.500— New flats; Clayton et.. nr. Waller and '■
the park; rents $3v; easy terms.
$4. C00— Howard St.. nr. Eighteenth; » rooms
■ and bath; reduced from $5500.
$4.Soo— Natoma st.. bet. Third and Fourth;
W « flats; rents li. light st., 25x100, few blocks i
$3,ooo— Corner on Haight St.. 23x100, few blocks
from park; very cheap-.
$2.soo— lnside lot* adjoining above.
$2. SCO— Lot, north side of Fifteenth St., nr. I
Valencia; 25x93.
HAWKS ft BKELTON,
221 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site the Nevada Bank.
$325 d— Fulton ct., only 3 blocks from the new
City Hall; good house; lot 27:6x137:6; offered
that low to close an estate.
$7500— Another big bargain; only 2 blocks from
the City Hall, on a coming business street In-
sld« Van Ness aye.; good house, 1U rooms; ol i
!
$10,000— Should rot be missed; an excellent
double fiat of C and 7 rooms each; only 2 blocks
from City Hall: lot 23x137:6.
$12,500— Splendid chance on O'Farrell st.. near !
Ta>lor: good 2-story; lot 25xS0.
$IS,COO— Excellent corner; Geary st., near Tav-
slo, ooo— Three excellent 2-rtory bay-window
hou.-es on Halght »t.. 3 blocks from Mark-r
lot £5x137 :€; rent $73. , '
$IW.'»j— Fine Market-st. property; east of
Thlrrl «t.
$25.000— Rent $TSS: offered low to settle an
estate; flne business proposition on Larkin «t
south of Geary: large iot; substantial 3-story
bay-window house, 2 stores and 3 flats of 6 5
and 4 rooms each.
$25,000— Rent $160; a prominent northwest cor-
r.tr, 03x100 feet; improvement of 3 stores and 3
flat? above and 2 cottaires, all rented; there Ib
a. lortune in this property.
$20.500— Mission St.. near Sixth; lot 43xS0 feet
with 2 10-room houses, which should be raised
and stores put under to make it one or the best
1 paying- properties.
$75— ELEGANT lots south of Park; easy terms-
only }'> per tilth.
$-'25 — Boulevard lots; Nineteenth aye., south
of Park; terms $5 per month; no Interest; nj
Vt3X-r. • .; branch office. 622 Stanyan 94
Go to our branch office, €22 Stanyan it., nrar
Haight, to-day and pick out one. They won't
last long at th^e low prices.
McEWEN BROS.. US Montgomery Ft.
HOUSE of 6 rooms and large lot; flne view.
Inquire et 3733 Twenty-first St., hear Noe.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money ye H. MURPHY, C3O Market st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. moxtgomery st>
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
A FORCED SALE.
-Leaven worth St., bet. California and
Sacramento; 2 bay-window flats, a and i< rooms
and bath each; rent $42 50.
$5250— Folsom-st. residence, near Twenty-sec- |
ond; fine bay-window house; contains 8 rooms
and bath; lot 33x100; stable in rear; mortgage j
of $40i,0 can remain. _ , , „ .
$I*so-124 ;.. .. ih St., close to Golden Gate
Park, bet Waller and Frederick; lot .0x13c6;
with brand-new 2-story .bay-window residence
..I 8 rooms and bath, etc.; finished basement;
street accepted; open Sunday. . . V*
$8500-Clay St.; near Batter 2-story brick
building; store and 1 floors above; cement base-
ment; rent $70. , „ .
$7250— Corner on Clay St., near Mason; 3-story
building; store and 20 rooms above; lot -Sx.g;
Und s3W e CASH. BALANCE $25 MONTHLY
jltiOO— Nice 2-story bay-window house on Clip-
per st near Cautro; contains 7 rooms and
b UTfofetord at., near Eighteenth; cottage ,
of 4 rooms, bath, etc., brick foundation; lot |
" $4.x>o-$5OO cash, balance same as rent; Do-
lores-st corner; new residence of 7 rooms and
bath; handsomely decorated; modern plumbing,
rtc -"kot 23x30; corner, 33xb5. vacant: should be
Improved with stores and flats; Dolores st. is to i
be made a boulevard to connect with the pro- i
po--ed Park Panhandle extension.
£$6K»-1315 ilason st.. near Jackson; lot 35x ,
137-6 wita S-story residence of 12 rooms and
bath; also rear use of a rooms; stable for d
175O^Rent $S7 - Folsom-st. corner; fine build-
ings; all rented; lot 2:.x112:6; a splenald lnter-
e** Dayins property.
; J725S— Two tine handsome new flats of 6 and
7 rooms and bath; best portion of Devisadero
st • rent $62 T-0; lot 23x100.
}-Jv CA>H, BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
*50(X>— Fine new residence, 8 rooms; hard- !
wood rigors; beautifully decorated rooms; latest I
plumbing: street work accepted; 747 Cole el. I
near FreJeriJk; no reasonable offer refused.
$333i>— Seveath-st. corner, near Folsom; lot
iuxs'j; ground rent *50.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE in Mill Valley. $3250; easy terms; or
will exchange for San Francisco property; in i
be.-t portion of Mill Valley, near station; extra .
larps corner lot, with good cottage of 6 rooms,
bath, etc. BALDWIN i HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery St.
CHKAP LOTS— CHEAP LOTS—
'
$14;»— Another bargain; First aye., near Jack-
son st.; large lot, 3ux120; flne elevated position,
commanding a superb view.
v •'
$1000—550 cash, balance $10 monthly; Third |
aye., b«. California and Clement sis.; largo ;
lots; splendid neighborhood; you can build when :
nr»t payment is made. *
$450 each— Very cheap; 3 lots on Douglass St.,
bet. 20th and Cist; each 25x125.
$3:00— Maybe less; Howard st., bet. 25th and
26th; 23:0x117;6 to alley.
$1475— Only 3 left; Frederick St., bet. Cole
mJ Shrader; gunny side of street: cheapest lots
la Panhandle district; 1 block from the Park.
$SooO— Sacramento st.. bet. Laguna and Bu-
chanan; 4jx:37:6; select neighborhood.
$4750— Fine corner close to town; Page and
Laguna Ets.; 35x57:6; suitable for flats;' all I
street work done.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. I
SOOD INTEREST-PAYING PROPERTIES—
$ll.fOo— Rent $90; always rented; large lot, 40:8
x 137:6. on Leavenworth. St.; improvements in
good repair.
$."*,(*»— Large let, 77x113, with double front-
age; good improvements; always rented for |
$3120 per annum; in wholesale district, north of ■
and not far from Market; pays o^j per cent net.
PAYS 9 PER CENT-GRAND BUSINESS
CORNER,
$12. iOO— On a leading street at the Mission;
handsome 3-gtory building, comparatively new;
contains st.tre and 2 modern flats; always rent-
ed; this property Is worthy of investigation.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
PAY* OVER 12 PER CENT—
$425')— Chestnut St., near Mason; good 2-story |
bouse; also 2 flats; lot 25x137:6.
5J45' V — Modern cottage; $200 cash, balance ;
monthly; Eureka St., near Nineteenth; up-to- I
late: contains 5 rooms, porcelain bath, etc
$5750— Washington st.. near Devisadero; cay- ,
amdow house, 7 rooms and bath; lot 25:6x137:4;
mortgaee of $3000 can remain.
$SOOO-A:>ffer wanted; rent $73; California st.;
lot 25x137:6; 2 handsome flats of 7 rooms, etc.,
each; always rented: splendid Investment.
$750Ot$1£O0 cash, balance monthly; Ashbury
rt near Fell: modern residence, containing 9
rooms and bath; all the latest conveniences;
lot 28x103.
$7000— Rent $W: Clara st., within 70 feet of
Sixth; splendid renting neighborhood; large lot,
14x50; a good investment.
jvK»O_St.euart Ft., near Market: 2-story build-
ing, containing store and flat above of 5 rooms;
$4750— C01e st.. cloye to Haight; 2 nice flats,
5 and 6 rooms and bath each; rent $40.
FLATS CLOSE TO UNION IRON WORKS.
t;*H) — Connecticut St., near 2<)th; 2 flats of 4 ;
rooms and bath each: always rented^
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
REDUCED TO $S5OO.
A flne buy in the wholesale commission dis- ;
trict: a brick building on lot 22x45:10, renting
for $70 monthly; good tenants.
FOLSOM-STREET FLATS.
Two flats of 6 and 7 rooms on Folsom st.,
near Twenty-second; large lot 45x112:6; reduced
to K2SO.
RENTS $3S— PRICE $3^.
Six flats south of Market St.; lot 23x100; all
rented; property must be sold.
P RENTS $60— PRICE $5250.
Two modern flats near Golden Gate Park; lot
23x121.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
Yew fine 8-rocm residence; commanding ma-
rine view; large lot; price $8500.
IN WHOLESALE DISTRICT.
Modern 3-story rick building, covering lot
34:4x73; price $32,000; will take good building
lots in part pay. .
VERY CHEAP.
Lots on Oak St., opposite panhandle; $100 per
front foot.
MISSION LOTS.
Five cheap lots on Oakwood St., near Guer-
rero; $100 each; offer wanted.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
Seven-room house on Steiner st., near O'Far-
rell; lot 22:6x137:6; price $4500.
A BARGAIN.
Lot on Fourteenth St., near Market; 25x115.
House for sale; to be removed; 315 Ellis St.;
submit bid.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF
ALAMt> SQUARE LOTS.
PARK PANHANDLE LOTS.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
McAFEE BROS., McAFEE BROS.,
108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
A— 557,500— A FINE business corner; brick
building; stores and offices; rents $340; close
to Market St.; on a business street.
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post st.
A— 532,000; A FINE Larkin-st. corner, close to
City Hall; 8E feet 09 Larkin st.
. HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post St.
A— 533,000; ELLIS-ST. corner, east of Polk St.;
over 50 feet frontage; good depth.
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post st.
A— 522,500; A NEWLY Improved business corner |
east of Larkin st.; rents $220: lot 37:6x1W).
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post st.
A— J17.510; A NORTHEAST corner, near Geary
and Taylor sts.. at a price lower than any
near by; rents $100.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
$13,000; A WELL Improved corner east of I
Leavenworth et. ; rents $130.
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post st.
A— slo 000; NOT far from Sutter and Powell;
lot 27<>x137:6; houxe of 18 rooms; rents $100.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post St.
$14 500— McALLISTER-ST. business property,
east of Fillmore; 65x120; 3-etory frame Im-
provements; a sacrifice.
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post st.
$SSOO— RESIDENCE near Alta Plaza; on Jack-
sen St.. north Bide; grand location; very i
cheap. HOOKER. & LENT, 14 Post st.
j23 000— THIRD-ST. business property; 50x160;
1 fronts; present Improvements rent for $170.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post St.
H MURPHY 630 Market st.
$33GO— Two flats and stable, 1 block from City
Hall. _ .
$'"50 only— Pays $360 per annum: small flats'
in fine condition: if you -want something like
this make an offer; a bargain.
$10no— Positively the cheapest corner north of
the rark; Seventh aye. and c. St.
D H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
$5000 EACH— elegant new dwellings. 9 rooms
and bath, with finished attic and basement,
on Masonic av»\, south ;of Frederick st.
Owner on premise*.
CHEAP home lots near cars: $200 to $600: $30
cash balance easy; will build to suit. TIiE
MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
AN offer wanted on Green-st. flats; large lot;
all modern improvements and well rented.
Addrpss box 607. Call office-.
$2SOO— HOUSE. 3 flats, 12 rooms, near Sixteenth
and Valencia ••.s. GEO. W. CHAPIN, 11
Montgomery st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you neld
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAX 21, 1899.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO.,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
80x46:8— cor. Post and Stockton; SO feet
front on Post by 46 :S on Stockton; properly
Improved this corner will rent for $1500 per
month.
Montgomery aye., through to Washington st. ;
brick improvements: rents $190.
47:6x137:6— Broderick st., north of Golden Gate
aye.; residence, stable, grounds, etc.
37:6x55— Mason st., near Post; 2-story double
houses: rents $37 50; $12,000.
57x137:6— Pine St., near Larkin; old Improve-
ments; $10,500.
20xS0— Fourth St., near Harrison; store and
flat; $6800; sale urgent.
25x60 — Commercial St., near Front; brick
building; $5000.
61x117—6 modern flats: rents $110; sunny and
fashionable; Mission belt.
22:6x110— Vallejo, near Laguna; modern 2-
story residence of 10 rooms and bath: $7000.
49:6x3S— Corner 2d and North Park lane; 12-
-room house; $7000.
25x85— l$th st.. near Valencia; 2-story house
of 8 rooms and bath; $4500.
45x33:6— Greenwich nr. Powell: residence, 10
rooms: $3000.
22x65:9— Pacific, near Mason; house of 8 rooms
and bath; $45C0.
24:3x69:9— Green St., near Powell; new modern
bar- window flats: rents $38; $4500.
40x137:6— Chestnut St., near Stockton; 4 flats;
rents $35; $4000.
25x57:6— st., near Guerrero; S-room house;
$4000.
23x66— Green, near Hyde; modern double flats.
20x76:6— St., near Powell; $4000.
36x122:6— Shotwell st., near 24th; 2 flats; $3SOO.
60x90— Lombard, near Stockton; house of 10
rooms and bath; $4000.
7'"'xl74:l— Jose road, near Glen Park;
house of 7 rooms and bath; $3000.
20x5S:*— Bannam place, north of Green St.; 2-
story hou>«e and rear house; rents $24; $1600.
2r.x7s— Shipley st. near 6th; 6 flats: rents $35;
$3100.
2SxSo— Federal St., near Ist.; front and rear
house: rents $26; $2250.
23x60— Austin, near Van Ness; cottage; $2000.
25x64— Post, near Central aye.; cottage; $1500.
UNIMPROVED.
60 vara — and Lyon sts.
65x117:6— Church and 23d sts.
25x100— Florida st.. north of ISth; adjoining
Union Brewery; offer wanted.
80x71:10— 3E. corner Polk and Lombard at*.
24xSl:3— Fillmore and Germania; $2730.
37:4Vixl37:6— Greenwich, near Polk; $2000.
23xS5— 13th St., near Stevenson; 2 lots.
KxlOO— Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
25:5x114— near Dolores: $1000.
23x120— 13th aye., near J; $800.
25x120— 27th aye., near O; $200.
Lots in Abbey and Silver Ter. Hd.
EA6TON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$30,000— corner on Sutter St.. not far out;
Improvements in good condition and
■ renting for $220 per month.
TAYLOR-ST. INVESTMENT.
$13,000— Just the place for a fruit store; with a
small outlay this place can be made to
pay $125 per month.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
Buchanan St., near Eddy; good sur-
roundings; no stores or business, assur-
ing high rents; 2 flats of 6 and 9 rooms.
DORLAND ST.. NEAR DOLORES.
$6.000— A large double frontage lot. with 5-room
cottage and stable; must sell, as a
■whole or in part; just the place for
an expressman.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
$s,6oo— Large house of 9 rooms and bath; mod-
ern; street bltuminized.
SOUTH OF MARKET SNAP.
$4,ooo— Lot 25xSO; 3 flats of 3. 3, and 4 rooms
an 1 rear bouse of 6 rooms; rents $40;
modern and nice appearing; the ground
alone worth the money; this is certainly
a snap.
CHEAP MISSION HOME.
$3,500 — On Folsom-st. boulevard, near Twenty-
third; lot 20xS0; house of 9 rooms and
bath.
RICHMOND HOME.
$2,500 — Nice cottage, 5 rooms and bath, on Fifth
aye., near Point Lobos; lot 25x120.
NORTH BEACH INVESTMENT.
$I,2oo— Two cottages, 4 rooms each; rents
$10 50; fronting on 2 streets.
CHEAP BUILDING LOTS.
$150 per foot— vara or any sire; Broadway
St.; marine view.
$110 per f00t— 25x127; Washington st, near
Lyon.
$100—27:6x112:6: Pierce St., near Vallejo.
2.'xl.T7:ii; Page St., near Scott; elegant
site for flats.
$100—25x80; Seventeenth 6t., few feet from
Market.
$60—50x107; Stanyan St., near Sullivan.
J50— 25x137; Sullivan St.. near Stanyan.
$12 — 2->xll4: Duncan st.. near Sanchez; cheap-
est lot in vicinity.
We are preparing our monthly catalogue for
our June auction sale. For particulars apply
to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. •
633 MARKET ST.
3500 ACRES of first-class timber land, sugar
pine and others, with a large sawmill, teams,
etc.: a bargain. JACOB HEYMAN & SON,
19 Montgomery St.
HEALTH RESORT OF SAN FRANCISCO—
At the Ocean Boulevard, near the Cliff, in
Sunset Valley. We are prepared to sell lots
and build seaside novel cottages on easy terms.
A NEW FEATURE.
Clubs of eight young men may join in get-
ting two cars, or four young men one car,
with a large ■ basement underneath, ar-
ranged for their bicycles and bedding, water
piped In the same and made comfortable for
the sum of $1 25 each. Subscription list is open
at our office. Only first-class young men need
apply. We also extend the same privilege to a
club of young lady teachers or others occupied
In offices.
Location, block 722. on Forty-eighth aye. and
J Ft. Branch office established on the block. ■
JACOB HEYMAN & SON, Owners and Build-
ers, 19 Montgomery st.
ONE more family made happy by selling them
a home on the Heyman Tract and relieving
then, of paying the landlord $5 interest on
every $10 monthly, and a new house at the
game time: modern; up-to-date; 2 more for
sale for your rent money. Ride to Twen-
ty-second st. electric car to terminus of the
Heyman Tract and call at our new office on
Hoffman aye.. where you will meet our agent,
for information.
JACOB HEYMAN & SON. 19 Montgomery
St., owners and builders.
$10 MONTHLY will buy you a new 4-room
cottage near Holly Park: near Mission elec-
tric cars; save paying rent.
$100— LOTS south of Golden Gate Park in
block 828, close to block 726; $10 down and
$2 50 per month. JACOB HEYMAN & SON.
19 Montgomery st.
BEAUTIFUL ELMHURST— OakIand suburbs,
near S. P.. 40 minutes from S. FFt. t 15 minutes
from Oakland; home lots in sizes to suit;
50x125 feet, with a new modern cottage, for
$850 (a beautiful summer home); $50 down,
balance to suit purchaser. Further particu-
lars, address JACOB HEYMAN & SON, 19
Montgomery St., city.
SOL GETZ * BROTHER. __
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$100— $300— Choice lots near Ocean Beach; rery
easy Installments.
$100— $126— Bargains! Level lots In Ocean
View, near electric cars; $10 down: $5 montnl>.
$400 to $1000— Beautiful Sunset Heights lots:
superb view; fine climate; $25 down. $10
monthly.
$250 to $700— Choicest Richmond lots; all bar-
gains; easy payments.
$100 to $300— near Misslon-st. electric
cars; ready to build on.
Branch office on Ninth ay*.. near H St.:
open Sundays.
BO L GET Zro&o BROT^ ocker building .
C C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer-Northeast corner Twenty-sev-
enth and Douglass ats; must be sold; 80x114
fe 2860— North line Carl st. near Stanyan; Mx
13~'6 f£€*t
Residence and lot— North line Pacific aye.,
near Webster: lot 30x127:8'-i feet.
In Berkeley— lot; 87x150. with modern
house of 9 rooms.
vfip ma\m nr exchange; corner lot; 75x56:3;
house! Urn. G W. H. PATTERSON CO..
1706 Market st.
PROPERTY WANTED.
A W EL WN and prosperous manufactur-
ing company located in the East, desires to
receive offers of manufacturing Property; 40.-
-000 to 70,000 square feet, with or without bulld-
Locatlons on railroad and tide water pre-
Steady employment to about 200 hands,
probably Increasing to double: also gives em-
ployment to boys and girls; answers must be
explicit as to location: no personal interviews
granted. Box 603. Call office.
WANTED— or 10 acres, suitable for poultry,
in exchange for cash and new stock of mer-
chandise. Box 616. Call office.
COTTAGE— North of Market st. good locatlDn;
street work done. Address with full par-
ticulars box 710, Call office. .-
LOTS south of park. Address Cash, box 662,
Call office.
WANTED— House and lot: $1500 cash. WIL-
LARD, box 606. Call office.
SMALL home near railroad station In Alameda.
Address box 85, Call office.
CITY REAL ESTATE).
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents.
Established ISSB. 626 Market st.
Retail business block, Sixth st., near Mis-
sion; always rented; large lot; 2 frontages;
paying big interest on amount asked.
Golden Gate aye., near Leaven worth St.; 3-
story buildtng, store and flats; paying good in-
terest; only $11,000.
Mission st.. bet. Ninth and Tenth; 2 flats; can
be raised and store put under at small expense;
lot 30x87:«; a bargain.
Must be sold— Two fine flats on Hayes St.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very luw, $55; only $7250; make offer.
$4500— Bush St., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$6250— Gough st.. near Fulton; 11 rooms and
bath; laundry and large cellar; lot 31x52:6.
$2600 only for a nice 2-story house in perfect
order; Hampshire St., near Eighteenth; lot 25x
100.
$3300— Guerrero st., near Twentieth; 25x100;
two flats, renting for $25.
$5000— O' Farrell st.. near Devisadero: 3 houses;
rents $42 per month; lot 45xS0.
$2900— Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchex; 6 rooms
and bath; 24:3x114.
$3'W— Cottage and lot; Twenty-first St., near
Caetro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$3250— Golden Gate aye., corner Lyon; store
and rooms; 32:6x100.
$1500— Near Sixteenth and Church sts. ; cottage
of 4 rooms and lot 26x70.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$20,000 — Pacific aye., southwest corner Octavia
St.; 50x127 :5.
Corner on Haight and Octavia sts., 1 block
off Market, 37.tixlcO; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Church st., near Sixteenth; 50x125; only $2003
per lot.
$2000— California, near Broderick; 24:9x52:6.
Eighteenth st., corner Diamond: 2."\7".: $^250.
$3,"00— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth: 52x106.
$2750— Clay st., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
♦:• -Twenty-first St.. near Sanchez; o'lxllt
$ltk'O— Filbert st., curner Buchanan; 25x90.
»750— Union st., near Webster; 25x100.
$li>»— Seventh aye.. near J St.; 25x120.
$900— Twenty-first St., between Diamond and
Eureka; 26x97:6.
$So 9— .Sixteenth st., near Castro; 25x100.
J- " Jersey St.. hear Noe; 25x114.
f- ■ -Twentieth st.. corner Douglass: 30x110.
Cal'fomia St.. near Second aye.; 25x100. $800.
$So*.' -Tremnnt aye., near Frederick St.; 25x75.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
$$$— LOOK this over; don't overlook it.
For sale or exchange; equity $900; Mission
corner cottage; 5 rooms; bath.
SJ6OO each— Union, near Broderick: lots 27:6 x
137:4.
$150 buys 3 lots near the Ocean Beach.
Wanted— Cheap lots in exchange for Interests
in new enterprise of merit; a chance for profit.
JS.',u— Arlington St., near Mateo; 50x120; Fair-
mount.
Timber land— l2oo acres sugar pine for sale.
H. E. POEHLMAN, R-;il Estate, Insurance
and Investments. 503 California st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First avp. , and you wish to Eel!,
then call on W. J. Gt.'NN. 410 Montgomery st.
COCNTRY REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN ft CO.,
David Bush. Manager Country Department.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
Now Is the time to buy
country lands.
There is money in grain.
There is money in fruit.
There is money In wine grapes.
There is money in general farming.
There is money in dried t'ruits.
There is money in stock.
Country land will never be as oht-ap again.
We have some of the greatest bargains ever
seen or heard of in this State. Call or send
for particulars.
; DESIRABLE home for sale cheap; 14 86-168 |
acres rich, fertile, level land; 1000 almond j
trees: 200 assorted fruit trees; 4% acres i
grapes; all of the choicest varieties, and now !
ladened with fruit; 4-rocm b us*, barn, chick-
en houses, farming Implements, etc.; situated
about 6 miles east of Antioch; this property
will be sold immediately; the price is $1S5O;
title perfect: Stockton steamers stop daily
at Antioch; fare 50c. Address box 62, Anti-
och, Cat
A FINE 10,000-acre stock ranch in Santa Clara
County; controls 6000 acres adjoining; 175 good
springs; well fenced and cross-fenced; native
grasses to carry 1500 head of cattle; price $4 50
per acre: stock extra. For full information
address McAFEE BROS., 10$ Montgomery St.,
San Francisco.
$175 PER acre — 5 or more acres; rich level bot-
tom land: 10 mi. from Oakland.
$3000—12 acres; Benicia; small house, barn;
well; vineyard; exchange for cottage around
the bay; no mortgage.
■•.i"i— 9 acres near Menlo; large oaks; good
soil; beautiful location; one-third cash.
W." G. GRIFFITH, room 31!. Hearst bldg.
LAGUNA DE TACHE—
60.000 acres finest land in Fresno. County now
being subdivided; for sale In small tracts
after May 23; $-3 to $40 per acre: small cash
payments: easy terms to actual settlers; low
interest; best chance In the State to buy good
land at low price. Send for descriptive cir-
culars. NARKS & SAUNDERS, Fresno, Cal.
IN Mill Valley for sale, house of 5 rooms and
bath and 4 rooms In basement; furnished or
unfurnished: lot 50x150: 32 fruit trees; 5 min-
utes' walk from the station. Apply 526 Turk.
• MARIN Co., 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $S0 per
?cre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; Im-
i proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., rm. 27. tth floor. Mills bldg., S. F.
■ RANCH of 15 acres; within 2 miles of Peta-
luma; in orchard and garden land. Address
J. C. WISEMAN, box 174, Petaluma.
I MERRY HILL property. 5% acres, overlooking
city of Paso Robles. in western suburbs: fine
mineral water: excellent location for resort
or summer residence. For full particulars
address box F. Paso Robles, Cal. !
' 1500—75x100; HOUSE, barn and well at Colma. I
I C. C. FISHER. 624 Market st. j
FOR sale, — Charming summer residence |
. ' and large grounds on Cowlchan Lake. Van- :
couver Island; unexcelled salmon and trout
fishing and hunting: owner leaving country.
Apply to DR. FOOTE, Duncans, Vancouver
Island.
I _
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2160 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops :
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. *02 California it. 3. F.
' $6 TO $30 an acre: list free; crops suje. M-
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
I FP'"IT. *ra!n and cck farms.
TC. T> HOT/TIM » CO.. "■> \f --«--.. --y «t.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
$1800— HALF acre land, excellent • soil, near
electric and steam cars, churchps. school and
university: comfortable 4-room house; chicken
houses and yards; $500 can remain.
$4000— House, 7 rooms; lot 150x250: good well;
choice property near university; can be sub-
divided; will take half In other Oakland prop-
erty.
— House. 6 rooms; Myrtle St., near San
Pablo aye.; lot 30x120; would, exchange.
$1000— Cottage, 4 rooms; barn and chicken,
house: big lot: fruit trees in bearing; near' j
Elmhurst; would exchange.
J. W. cox & co.,
506 Ninth st., Oakland.
EXCHANGE cash or land for my home; S-room
. house, etc.; 3 acres; S miles from Oakland:
cheap:- owner leaving: cost $1300. CAPTAIN
A. JENKINS. North Temescal.
LARGE modern residence of 9 rooms; corner
lot; 67x120; desirable neighborhood; value
$5500; will take In part payment unimproved
lots in Oakland, city or acreage In bay coun-
ties. Box 847, Call office. Oakland.
YOUR property or business. Call or write Pa-
cific Coast Exchange, 1007& Market st., near
Sixth.
EQUITY In good city vacant for ranch or
■Marin County improved. J. MONROE, 3*l
Market st.
FIRST-CLASS Improved Chicago income prop,
erty to exchange for California property city
or country. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway
Oakland. Cal.
"^ '^ —^—
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays J-
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., abovs
Fix ; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 64 per cent on real estate 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no.d«-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. i.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. ISO Powell st.
REAL estate. 6 per cent: 2d mortg.. chattels
undiv'd lnt'ts. etc. Harper & Krelger. 312 Ex-
aminer building. .
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY, 692 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing,
STRAIGHT tip: go where you can save Inter-
est Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money se« -H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
ON furniture, piano;, without removal: no com-
-1 mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATB.
WILLIAM J. DINGeS
Oakland, Berkeley and Alameda Real Estate.
903 Broadway, Oakland. Rooms 15 and 16, Sec-
ond Floor, Mills Building, San Francisco.
$7000— Elegant home on Filbert st.; 10 rooms,
bath; cement basement; attic all finished; hot
water heater; 7 mantels; lower part of house
all in hard wood; one of the finest homes in
Oakland; this house alone cost $12,000; large
lot, beautifully laid out; owner going to leave
Oakland.
$6.-00— On Oakland Heights, near George C.
Perkins' elegant home; the finest house there
for the price; 3 rooms, bath and basement: ele-
gantly finished; lot SSxllT: stable; beautiful
grounds; must be seen to be appreciated; cost
owner fSGOO.
$5500 — On Simpson aye., near Telegraph; lot
50x112; fine modern house of 9 rooms; this place
is almost new; reduced from $SCOO for quick
sale.
$4000— On Knox place, near Telegraph aye!:
lot 50x160; beautiful new modern house of 8
rooms; 3 mantels; ail latest Improvements;
stable and driveway.
Elegant building lot on Filbert St., near
Twelfth; 40x125; must be sold; can be had for
(3000.
$2500— Modern cottage, 6 rooms, bath and
basement, on Twenty-first St., bet. Telegraph
aye. and Grove st. ; 5 minutes to train; big
bargain.
$2500 — Modern 6 or 7 room house built to suit
purchaser on beautiful lot near Telegraph aye.;
easy terms if desired.
Tenth aye.. East Oakland; west side of street:
improvements all made; cars within 1 minute's
walk: these beautiful lots at $20 per foot; re-
duced from $60 per foot.
FOR EXCHANGE.
$10,000 income property close to Broadway for
good country land or lots.
Carriages always ready to show property.
A full list of properties will be mailed on ap-
plication.
Three acres in Fruitvale; fine location; all in
fruit; modern house: fine barn; fitted up in
nrr-t-clasa shape for chickens; everything com-
plete.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
903 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
Mills Building, Rooms 15 and 16. Second Floor,
San Francisco.
GOOD land, near San Diego, clear and good
title, to trade for stock of goods of any
kind; wagons and carriages, etc. ALDEN
CO., 902 Broadway.
$2300 — 4-ACRE chicken and fruit ranch at
Fruitvale (all complete); a bargain; bouse,
barn, chicken houses, etc.; easy terms. AL-
DEX CO., 902 Broadway.
$1350— HOUSE, 6 Toorns] and lot 30x129, on
Twenty-second st., bet. Telegraph aye. and
Grove St.; splendid location; a snap. ALDEN
CO.. 902 Broadway.
$1650— BEST bargain in Oakland; cottage, 6
rooms, bath and lot 50x150; full of fruit trees
and fine location; place cost $3000; apply
quickly. ALDEN CO., BOS Broadway.
$6500— GOOD hotel property In good town, Ala-
meda County: 6 dally trains; pays well;
owner sick and must sell. ALDEN CO., SO2
Broadway.
M< 'NEV to loan on real estate; also furniture,
pianos, etc.; low interest. ALDEN CO., SO2
Broadway.
$2350— G00D investment: new flats; rental $24
month; good location. ALDEN CO., 902
Broadway.
A SNAP AND OTHER SNAPS—
- HOO; street macadamized; new 4-room and
bath cottage; $1300.
-~xl>'i<>; East Eleventh St.; 6-room cottage;
near station; $1300.
100x160: on Jackson st.: 12-room house: a fine
home; $12,000': would exchange for ranch. Call
1 to 2 p. m., C. P. KERN. 1010 Broadway, Oak-
land.
8 ACRES near TValnut Creek. Contra Costa
County: house, barn, all tools; fruit trees;
only $2000. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oak-
land.
ELEGANT Santa Cruz County ranch. SO acres:
trad-? for Oakland property. C. K. KING, W2
•
BARGAIN— Lot: Sixteenth aye.: street work
done; half block from street cars; near local
train: $150.
Bargain— Only 2 lots; FYuitvale. near Alten-
heim; on street car line: $125 each.
Bargain— House, 4 rooms; 2 lots; near local
train; 1869. H. B. PINNEY, 905 Broadway.
3 FLATS, income $30 monthly, sell $2200; cot-
tagi- sIM; price $1600; cottage
5 rooms: lot 80x180; only $SSAO: all on your
own terms. J\ KELLY, 461 Ninth St.
$2450— MODERN cottage: 6 rooms; big iot; 2
block? from San Pablo electric lin^: $450 cash,
balance mortgage. L. L. M. SALSBURY,
'.'"2 Broadway, Oakland.
HOUSES to let: send for a list: also sale bar-
gains E E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
$1100— S-ROOM house: bath; near trains; also S
lots cheap. W2 Third st., Oakland.
$25 CASH. $5 60 monthly till paid for; a new
3-room cottage; high basement; lot 50x25fi
feet: price all told *425; Westall Tract. In
tropical Frultvale. adjoining East Oakland:
rich soil; grand view; superb climate; no cold
winds nor fogs here: electric cars and a 90-
-foot wide boulevard near; not far from a fine
S-story schoolhouse; there are quite a number
of S. F. merchants now located In this sec-
tion. Call or send for circular to 455 Seventh
st. near corner Broadway, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
MAGNIFICENT new house; modern; up to
date; 9 rooms: lot 50x200: 2 blocks from San
Francisco local: all sunny, nice rooms; price
reduced to $3500 last week: photo In office.
Address owner, E. E. BUNCE. 90S Broadway.
Oakland.
OAKLAND FIRJUTIRB FOR SALS.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer 11th ar.ri Franklin. Oakland
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
JIST the place you have been looking for.
Son have been wanting to raise chickens:
here is your opportunity: I have a very fine
corner lot, 200x140, with a fine house of 7
rooms: in perfect order: electric cars pass
the property: only 5 minutes to R. R. sta-
tion; a fine orchard, chicken houses, etc.; to
bf> sol! for less than the improvements cost.
JOSEPH J. MASON; Real Estate, Berkeley
station.
WE offer very desirable lots handy to electric
cars and local station for only $450; same on
paved street. $550; only $20 down and $10
monthly: will lend money to build homes.
We offer a modern 9-room house on large
lot paved street, close to University and
Berkeley station, for $3650. O. G. MAY & CO.,
2123 Center st.
FBVITVALE REAL ESTATE.
ISOn — COZY cottage of 3 large rooms, hard fin-
ished; 2 chicken-houses: city water; lot IOOx
US all fenced; 2 blocks from electric car
line.
— House of S rooms and basement;
chicken-house; fruit trees; lot 30x120; fine
neighborhood; only 3 blocks from Fruitvale
aye.
j'»so— Now Is your opportunity: l%i acres,
with house of 4 rooms; barn: large green-
house: fine well, windmill and tank; owner
is going away and is obliged to sell; see this
at once.
jlsiK) — House of 9 rooms and bath; chicken-
houses; choice fruit trees in bearing; lot 70x
224: easy terms if desired.
$2600— Absolutely the choicest an<] coziest
new IVi-story colonial style residence: 7
rooms; porcelain bath; nickel plumbing: re-
ception hall; fine mantel; p->oma beautifully
tinted and frescoed; large lot; splendid loca-
tion; easy terms to right party;, only 2 blocks
from local train.
H. A. ri.KITNEB. Fruitvale Station, Cal.
$1400— 5-ROOM, new, modern house, windmill,
etc.; very large lot; use of 5 acres: li blocks
from electric cars: fine for chickens; easy
terms: also lots 45x145, JISS. E. X., P. O. D.,
But Oakland.
$ir>o- r PERALTA aye. lots, in Peering Tract,
Fruitvale: sewers: city water; 2 electric lines;
10 per cont discount for cash. H. W. DAVIS,
0"2 Broadway, Oakland.
NEW, neat, complete cottage: big lot; little
money and easy terms. D. PRATT. Fruit-
vale station. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Mar-
ket st.. San Francisco.
ELMHIRST REAL ESTATE.
WANTED— A good. live, wide-awake hardware
man and plumber to go into business at the
pushing little town and coming city of Elm-
hurst: a good, fair trade already built up
and a first-class storeroom and workshop
with 5-room flat for rent or sale. See PIT-
TOCK. Real Estate, Elmhurst.
BARGAINS! BARGAINS!
A very choice business property in Elmhurst.
on O. and H. road, near to power-house and
business center; lot 100x150; a very nice new
modern house of 5 rooms with lance room
in front for business purposes: nice out-
building and everything up-to-date; will be
sold very low if taken within 30 days. See
PITTOCK. Real Estate, Elmhurst.
A VERY choice business corner store, with 5
living rooms adjoining; largo barn, shed and
chicken house and yard.
A large lot. well improved, situated on the
Oakland and Hay wards electric road; will
sell at a great bargain: everything in fine
condition; see It and make us an offer. PIT-
TOCK, Real Estate, opp. power house, Elm-
hurst.
MONEY WANTED.
|in.SOO— WANTED; 3 years, 6 per cent; private
parties: on business property. Box 601. Call.
I WANTED to borrow on Improved real estate,
11500 at 7 per cent; assessed value $2500. Box
] 843, CalL
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
iSOO—LOT^OxiiQrQiafliorth^est^corner. '
$1100—50x150; west side Lafayette st.
Lot 70x125 on Central aye. ; only $10 per foot.
25x150: house, 7 rooms.
$2500— 50x125; Cottage, 6 rooms; all street work
done.
| $3600—50x150; elegant S-room house; Morton-st.
station.
All the above can be bought on small pay-
ments down and the balance can remain on
! flat mortgage.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park st. and IS Post St., S. F.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
FOR sale— account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
! paratus; doing business of $15 to $25 a day; or
I will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 500 Haight st.
THE finest water front property in Alameda for
sale at a great bargain. E. D. JUDD & CO.,
1424 Park st.
JUST A FEW LEFT. BUT ~
ROOM FOR MANY MORE.
4, 5, 6, 7 room cottages, near schools and
stations; from $1000 to $3500; easy installments.
i just like paying rent; make an offer.
Houses built on easy terms; no reason for
! net having a home.
MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alarneda, and 630 Market
I st., San Francisco. Open Sundays and holi-
! days.
CALL and see new duplicate house, $1250; lot
40x160; terms. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
LARGE 6- room house, completely furnished;
piano; fine large garden with fruit trees; un-
limited water: low rent. Apply after 1 p. m.
to AUG. S. DENKE JR., 1503 Webster St..
Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
COMPLETELY furnished house. 9 rooms, large
grounds: block from trains. 2116 Santa Clara.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
i HOME for ladles in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. FUNKE. 1416 Bth it.
HAYWARDS REAL ESTATE.
HAYWARDS PROPERTY.
4 1-3 acres fine land, house, barn, well, some
fruit; price $1600
10 acres, house, barn, well, part fruit.... 3500
2Hj-aere chicken ranch, buildings 900
6 acres, some fruit, no buildings 700
400-acre stock ranch $20 per acre
200 acres, buildings, plenty wood and water.
fenced and cross-fenced: owner made from
this place $2500 last year: price only — $7000
For full particulars and description call on
P. WILBERT, Castro st., near B, Hay-
; wards. Cal. ■■-■- t '" :
HOUSES TO LET.
'ws^WebsterTT7?T]7s23 l 144 Clipper; 9 r $1S
3616 Sixteenth; 6 r... 16:0094 Leav'w'th; 5 r. 16
1207 Sanchez; 5 r.... 10 ■ 930 Guerrero; 6 r SO
650 Jessie: 3 r 9[625 Valencia; 7 r 20
232 Natoma: 3 r.... 91703 Ellis; 6 r 25
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
A— 6 ROOMS, bath; nice yard; reduced to $14.
121 Silver St., between Third and Fourth.
CALIFORNIA. 2919— Fine house; 8 rooms, bath;
conservatory; hot-air heaters. Key 2917.
FINE sunny pleasant house, 7 rooms, In per-
fect condition; 3356 Twenty-first st., near
Guerrero; very desirable home; electric cars;
low rent to good tenant. Key at corner.
FINE house to rent at 140 San Carlos aye. ; 5
rooms and bath. .
FULTON, 890, cor. Stelner— Modern 9-room
house; opposite Alamo square.
GREENWICH. 902. NW. cor. of Taylor—
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard; basement;
sunny side: rent $25.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE with 5 rooms; rent $9. 32 Sycamore
aye., bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
JESSIE, 351, near Emporium— House of 6 rooms,
bath, hot and cold water : lower front room
would make a nice workshop: rent $20.
LAGUNA, 1717— House of 8 rooms, bath; base-
ment: yard: newly papered. __
SEE the sunny 9-room house. 26 Franklin St.,
off Market: fine for renting rooms.
VERY pleasant sunny house; corner Twenty-
first and Guerrero sts.; 12 rooms; large gar-
den- lawn; flowers: stable; electric cars; low
rent to good tenant. Key at corner opposite.
VERY pleasant sunny house, 7 rooms. In per-
fect condition; 3388 Twenty-first St., next to
corner Guerrero: electric cars; low rent to
good tenant. Key at corner.
NEW house 4 rooms and barn: water in-
cluded. 327 Hearst aye., Sunnyside.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
FURMSHED HOUSES TO LET.
* FOR RENT— Reasonable; In San Rafael; house
of 9 rooms in good location. Apply R. H.
TRUMBULL, 304 California St., S. F.
HOUSE, 7 rooms and bath; 9 Laskie St., be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, off Mission; rent
reasonable. MADISON & BURKE.
PARTLY furnished house; modern conveni-
ences; 2533 Mission. Room 24, Flood building.
SAN CARLOS, San Mateo County— For rent for
three months or longer to small family, a
pleasant furnished house of 8 rooms. For
particulars address station agent.
COTTAGES TO LET.
! ARLINGTON, 333— 3-room cottage; yard and
chicken-house; $5 month. San Mateo cars to
Thirty-fourth st.
BAY-WINDOW cottage, i rooms. 1624 Devisa-
dero st., near Sutter.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms; large basement and
stable; rent $14. 2522 Bryant st., near Twen-
ty-fourth.
FINE cottages reduced from $15 to $12. A. M.
SPECK & CO., «67 Market.
MODERN 5 rooms; porcelain bath: basement:
yard. 68 Lincoln st.; key 1908 Jones St.; ma-
• rine view; rent $IS. ' ■.
NEW cottage, 5 rooms and bath, $5. A. M.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
1 SUNNY cottage, 5 rooms, bath; stable; rent
$19. Box 663, Call office.
i SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms; flat of 6 rooms,
| bath; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth St., near Dolores.
I TO 1et— 1562 Turk St.; 4-room cottage; also 3-
! room rear cottage; large stable: reasonable.
FLATS TO LET.
ADELAIDE place, 8. off Taylor, near Post-
Lower flat, .4 nice sunny rooms, $12.
BRANNAN, 422, nr. Third— Upper flat, 2 choice
sunny rooms; yard; cellar; $b per month.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWEU*
"10 Montgomery st. * .
i FLAT of 4 rooms; bath; gas; basement and
I yard; 2737 McAllister st. Inquire SlO Mission.
LOWER flat. 5 rooms, reasonable; also house,
4 rooms and stable, cheap to right parties.
S2OH Jessie st., off Ninth.
LOWER flat, 5 rooms, bath and yard; rent $13.
1579 Turk st. '■
MOST desirable new sunny 5-room flat and
bath. Chelsea place, off Bush St., between
Stockton and Powell. *
MISSION flats reduced from $13 to $10. A. M.
SPECK & CO.
NEAR City Hall, elegant top flat. 6 rooms,
bath: all latest Improvements. 12 Grove st.
NEW sunny modern flats. 1603 Broderick
st.. 9 rooms; 1609 BroderlcK St., 6 rooms; rents
I reduced. j
NEW and complete furniture of a flat for sale
cheap; best stove and linen. 912& Pierce St.;
call from 1 to 4 p. m. .
i NICE sunny flat, 5 rooms, bath; cheap. Belcher
I St., bet. 13th and 14th, near Market.
1 NINTH. 243— Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath; $15.
PINE, 2519. near Scott— Upper flat, . 7 sunny
rooms and bath; $22 50.
SUNNY flat of 5 rooms, bath; rent reasonable.
318 Capp St.. bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
TO let— New modern flat. Corner of San Jose
aye. and Twenty-ninth st.
TO let— A cheap flat. 4 rooms. 111S Harrison
i st.; stalls to let if required.
TURK. 520B— Sunny flat. 4 rooms* large base-
ment; rent $12; no children.
UPPER flat. 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry;
storeroom; $12. .2419 Clay St.. near FUlmore.
i
: 2 NEW sunny flats, 5 rooms each: low rent;
1 stable with one. 3753 Twenty-fourth st.
2 NEW, sunny, modern flats. 1603 Broderlck
St., 9 rooms; 1609 Broderlck St., 6 rooms;
rents reduced. J. JACOBS.
4 NEW flats. 4 and 3 rooms and bath; ranges;
hot and cold water; linoleum; rent $6 and $10.
Box 716. Call office. " .
$10— LOWER flat. 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl St.,
off Market, near Valencia.
$11. $12. SUNNY flats: range; hot and cold
water. 101 Prospect place, cor. Sacramento.
$12— CORNER upper flat. 6 rooms and bath.
Apply grocery corner 24th and Florida sts.
FURNISHED FLATS.
LOVELY furnished flat; fine marine view. 1117
Leavenworth st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
DOLORES, 352, near Sixteenth— ss; 2 furnished
rooms for housekeeping for 2 people; cook
stove.
| EDDY, 305—2 large front housekeeping; also
i single room; private family; reasonable.
| EDDY, 62S— Parlor floor, 3 or 4 elegantly fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms; bath; gas;
running water; nice neighborhood: reference.
EIGHTEENTH, 343S— Sunny bay-window room;
2 closets: housekeeping; furnished.
ELLIS, 635, near Larkin — Nicely furnished fr int
alcove room, kitchen and bath; furnished for
light housekeeping: rent reasonable.
ELLIS. 742— Tastily furnished housekeeping
rooms; parlor floor; kitchen; sink; very reas.
ELLIS, SOl, corner Polk— Suite of 3 corner
i rooms; gas; water; Btove; sink.
| FIFTH, 322— Large sunny front housekeeping
! room: complete; bath; private; $S, or 2, $10.
FIFTH, 353— Clean furnished housekpg.: pri-
vate; 3 connecting rooms, $13; single, $5 up.
FILLMORE, 1920 — Lovely sunny furnished
rooms for light housekeeping.
FILLMORE. 2212. near Clay— 3 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard; water; $10.
I FOLSOM, 794— 510; 2 large sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
FOURTH, 225— Housekeeping rooms from $1 a
week up: also single.
GEARY, 1917— $18; for adults; 4 comfortabte
rooms and bath; 2 beds; 2 stoves, gas and
I coal.
' GOLDEN GATE aye.. 404—3 sunny rooms; gas;
bath; hot and cold water; newly furnished.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1057— Upper or lower flat
of 3 rooms furnished for light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1050—2 well-turnished
sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping:
j gas stove; use of telephone.
I GROVE. 2S— 2 sunny furnished rooms; private
family; no housekeeping.
i HAWTHORNE. 172, near Harrison— 2 desirable
I sur.ny housekeeping rooms; use of parlor;
I reasonable.
I HICKORY aye., ISI. near Gough— 2 furnished
housekeeping rooms: $S.
HOWARD. 640, nr. 3d— Sunny bay-window rms;
also single; 25. TSc night; $1, $2 50 week,
HOWARD. 959— Light housekeeping room for
2, $6: also single rooms.
HOWARD, 106S— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete; all conveniences; $1 2S per week up.
JE^IE, 363—2 rooms for housekeeping; sunny
front rooms; other small rooms.
JESSIE. 478. near Sixth— Two furnished rooms;
housekeeping: also others.
j JONES. 518— Lower floor of 3 rooms, furnlsned;
housekeeping: eunny; yard. .
i LEWIS. 18, off Taylor, near Post— 3 sunny front
! rooms, unfurnished; also 2 rooms.
' MARKET, 2098—2 or 4 sucny furnished rooms;
reasonable.
MINNA, 2S — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; very cheap rent.
MINNA, 546—2 or 3 nicely furnished sunny
rooms; complete for housekeeping; convenient.
MISSION, 827— 2 large sunny rooms, all fur-
nished for housekeeping. $10.
MISSION, 839— Front room and kitchen; $3 a
week: large rooms, $2: furnished rooms, $1.
MISSION, 945— 2 or 3 sunny furnished connect-
ing basement hkpg. rooms: also others cheap.
MISSION, 1165— Housekeeping rooms: also base-
ment; furnished or unfurnished; single rooms;
reasonable.
MISSION. 2019— Large sunny front room, com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping.
NATOMA, 645—3 sunny furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
NINTH, 21— Suite for light housekeeping; run-
ning water; rent reasonable.
NOE, 11SS— $15: 3 large sunny housekeeping
rooms; no other roomers.
OAK, 31, corner Franklin— Large sunny front
rooms; suite or single; complete for hkpg.
OCTAVIA ' 1403, corner Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow, mantel, $7 up; with kitcfcen, gaa
stove. $11.
POLK, 610—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping rooms;
gas range; private family.
POST 505 — Front and back furnished rooms;
i pa.-:' water; bath; housekeeping privileges.
POST 719—3 housekeeping rooms, $25; 1 room,
$.12-
POST. 1033, near Polk— 3 unfurnished house-
keep'i ng rooms; gas stove; bath.
SIXTH, 234 Hr —3 or 4 rooms: complete for house-
keeping: $15 to $20: private place; neat, clean.
SIXTH, 420— Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and en suite; bath; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 90—2 or 3 well-furnished houae-
keeplng rooms; very reasonable.
THE WALDORF. 24 Fifth St., near Market—
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1792.
THIRD. 340—2 furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping, $1 50 per week.
THIRD, 348— Connecting rooms for housekeep-
ing, $6 per month; single room, $4.
TWELFTH, 230 C —Nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rms.: private family; cor. flat; gas range.
TWENTIETH. 3622, near Valencia— 2 sunny
furnished connecting rooms; bath; sink.
■ TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores — 4 sunny
I rooms; completely furnished for housekeeping.
I TURK, 405, cor. Hyde— Corner sunny suite; also
a front suite: good stoves and sinks.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367, near Mission— Large
furnished sunny connecting housekeeping
suites: running water: $8 and $10.
UNFURNISHED— Large alcove parlor and
housekeeping rooms. 603 Eddy st.
VAN NESS. 43— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
also others.
VAN NESS, 400— Elegantly furnished corner
flat; 3 rooms and bath; gas range: NE cor-
ner; reasonable to responsible parties.
1 LARGE sunny fnrnished room suitable for I
gents or man and wife, $5 mo. Apply at shoe
store, 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
ROOMS TO LET,
I
A— SUTTER, 713, S3l— Furnished, unfurnished;
very choice; reasonable: appreciated If seen.
ALMA, 441 Geary— Newly furnished sunny
rooms: suites $1 50 week and up; transient.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; flrst-clasa
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 60c to $1 SO day. Mr.3. J. KINO.
AT 16 Stockton st., "'The Pup"— Nicely Xur-
nlshed rooms for gentlemen.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny rooma and suits;
all conveniences; families and gentlemen;
I references given; elevator running; reference*.
BUSH, 613— The Grenoble — Newly furnished
rooms, $8 up; suites, $15 up; Wellsbach lights.
; CARROLTON. 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
I CLAY, 1723. near Van Ness aye.— 3 rooms, fur-
nished orunfurnished^
■ CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DEVISADERO. 849. cor. McAllister— 3 or 4 very
desirable unfurnished rooms; electric light,
gas and bath.
! EDDY, 3, cor. Powell— Sunny front rooms oa
Market St., $1 50 to $3 50 week.
EDDY. 473— Bright sunny single room, nicely
furnished: rent low.
; EDDY, 72S— New modern flat, new furniture:
large room; hot and cold water; use of bath;
private family; no other roomers; $18.
: ELGIN PARK aye.. 36, bet. Thirteenth and
Hermann— 2 large unfurnished rooms; yard
and laundry.
1 ELLIS. 611. between Hyde and Larkin— Neatly
furnished sunny rooms; private: rent reas.
ELLIS. 702—3 sunny unfurnished rooms.
FIFTH. 322— 51 week; large sunny single fur-
nished room; closet; bath; private.
! FILLMORE. 1920— Furnished front rooms, sun-
ny, from $5 up; for gentlemen.
j FIRST. 28— Neat sunny furnished rooms, $1 per
week. -
FRANKLIN. I. near Market— Front sunny
bay-window alcove room; board optional;
bath; gas: also hall bedroom: reasonable.
GEARY. 14A— Furnished rooms; double bed;
running water; first and second floors.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 336 — One or two sunny
front rooms with gas and closet; rent cheap.
j GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GRANT aye.. 309 — Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window suite*, single rooms; transient: reas.
HANCOCK House, 78i Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 7S4 1 4. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike: $1 week.
| HYDE, 204— Sunny front rooms, suitable for I
gentlemen or man and wife.
I HYDE, 609— Nicely furnished parlor, folding
i h«d. gas and bath. $12; also housekeeping
suites complete.
Additional Classified Advertisement*
] on Page 14.
1314
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
LEAVENWORTH. .'■::. Nice sunny room.
LINDEN aye.. r,-.'5~)2; unfurnished frcnt room;
private family.
McALLISTEU, Eli— Parlor floor of 3 or 4 rooms,
complete. $25; bath: yard; also smaller room
McALLISTER. C3s— Furnished rooms; centrally
located; private family.
MINNA. C 67. corner Eighth— Newly furnished,
bay-window room, Jl pt-r week; transient.
MISSION. 1221— Elegantly furnished front al-
cove, $10; also sunny connecting hkpg. roms.
MISSION, 1221— Nicely furnished sunny room
suitable for gentleman, j''..
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnisht-d rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. 271 — Elegant modern sunny
rooms, suite and tingle; convenient; reason-
able.
PERRY, "4— Front room, nicely furnished; pri-
vate family: rent $4.
PINE 510, second door from Kenny Fur-
nished sunny front room in private German
family; rent $6 per month.
POLK, 17— Sunny front rooms or single; 81 to
$3 a week.
POLK, 513— Front alcove room, running water,
$12; also sunny back parlor, }10 per month;
private family.
POLK, 1431 3 sunny rooms, furnished or un-
furnished; gat-- and I .th; will rent together or
single.
POWELL, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room; reasonable.
RITCH, 19, below Brannan— s sunny rooms;
very cheap.
ROYAL House, 32fi 'Ellis St.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; roum per night, 3".c to fl 50;
week, $2 to fS; month. $S to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.: baths
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 736-Furnlshed room" $3 per
month.
SIXTH. 136 Front room for business; rooms
for light housekeeping; rooms $1 per week.
SUTTER, 1204VJ, near Polk— Elegant sunny
suites: furnished or unfurnished; terms rea-
sonable. Call from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m.
TAYLOR, 15?.2— 3 unfurnished sunny rooms;
closel.s, hot and cold water, bath; telephone;
suitable for couple or 2 or 3 gentlemen.
VAN NESS, 615. near Turk-s'->, well furnished
sunny front parlor.
VAN NESS. Sl3— On» or more, furnished or
not. bath, gas, etc.; very desirable.
VAN NESS aye.. Pretty little room, hot
nn.l <-nVI water, :o!-:in>r be.l. 52 week.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $4 a week up; Swedish home.
DENISTON House, corner Valencia and Cist
Choice location: sunny rms., nicely furnished;
excellent table; suites, with board, $30 and up.
ELLIS, Neatly furnished sunny suites; also
single rooms with board; reasonable.
MASON. 517— Nicely furnished rooms, with W
without l>oard,\ hot and cold water bathe.
O'FARRELL" Cos— Elegant rooms with board;
table board; reasonable; references.
CALIFORNIA, 807. "The Binghara"— California
and Powell-st. cars; neatly fur.: home comfts.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; g.*>l
home cooking; single, $25; double. $20.
O'FARRELL; *;4-NeatlyTurnlshed rooms and
suites with board.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
rultes and single roo: is;— excellent board.
ROOM and board In small private family for
f young man or lady; home comforts: moder-
ate, price: references. 833 Golden rate ive.
THE Longworth. 522 Geary— Sunny front suite
elegantly furnished; single rms.: table board.
YOUNG man wants roommate; has double par-
lors, also piano; central location; terms mod-
erate; references. Box 7i'. 'all office.
CHILDREN' HOARDED.
LADY without children would like 1 or two
children to board; nice home and kind care.
Call or address 444 Twenty-fourth aye., near
Point Lobos. *
CHILD to board: excellent home references if
desired; terms 510. Box 669. Call .'Mi.
WOULD like children to board in family of '
adults. Address box 715. Call office.
GOOD home for 2 children; near school. 51
Clara st.
GOOD home for children, JS: infants. $10 per ;
mo. 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st. j
RESTAURANTS.
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau-
rant. 44-68-68 Third St.: take elevators; French
dinners. 25c; also a la carte; tel. Red 2951.
WKSTERFI Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cr.ani parlor, 1035 Market st.: popular prices,
STORES TO LET.
FINE corner for grocery, bar anil barber shop.
See owner to-day. Folsom and Twenty-third.
FINE store fixtures to let— Show cays, 5 liv-
ing rooms; frith ; cheap. 3548 I"- la i st.
NEW stores, with 2 living rooms and basement;
oii Seventh St.. n.-a; Mission.
OFFICES TO LET.
FOR rent— s-room flat, suitable for physician's,
or dentist's offices; very central. 102,-. Sixth
st.: key In hat store.
.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' SH^f pTrTors?~~
Emma Spreckela bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive: badly decayed and aching teeth j
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from 81; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth :
without rain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber: crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from $5; crowns. S3 50; fillings. We: all
work piiniess and -warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 "-ixth st.
A.T the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, BOS Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bide., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth ;
without plates our specialty^ gold crowns,
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up: >?-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 9 to 2 ,
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON M.D.. Manager i
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. T5 ......
tracts and tills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns, $2: bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4; fillings. 2*e up; gold
crowns. $3; gold bridges, IE up: painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 9R9 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work; lowest « prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR.' LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market' st . near i
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a i
specialty: all work reasonable; gas riven.
A FVLL set of teeth, IS; teeth witout plates a i
specialty: liberal credit Riven. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS. S Mason Kt.. corner Market
KEW YORK dentist, 969 Mission St.. corner
R(xth.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling. 50c up; crowns,
$3 up: open ev'cs. 850 Market, cor. Stockton
PET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG I*4l Polk st.
LEGAL NOTICES. ' ~
BENOTICEJBg ~~ T~ "~~~
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice i«
hereby given that on the 17th day of April
1599, the Bakerstield and Los Angeles Rail
way Company filed Its application in writing
in the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran
Cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of ,«' ••
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfleld and Los An
peles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the ltth
day of April, 1899. called for the purpose of '
pausing upon the question, it was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution or the corpora '
lion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders and
that all the claims and demands against the *
corporation, of every kind, nature and He '
scrlption, have been fully paid and dis-
charged.
Wherefore, It was ordered by the said Su
perior Court upon the filing of said petition
ji::d application that the undersigned as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such aD
plication by publication In come r.»wsoauer
published In the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days' I
re fore, all persons having any interest'
in the matter of said application or deslrine
to oppose the granting of the same are here
by notified to file in my office, on or before
the ?Jd day of May. 1599, any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of
eaid petition. * ol t
in testimony whereof. I have hereunto set !
my hand arid the official seal of said court i
this the 17th day of April, 1899.
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANE,
County Clerk and ex-Offlcto Clerk of the
Superior Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offldo Deputy
r»*rk of the Superior Court.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling pood upright pianos for $6
cash and Ju per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate am] approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments anJ some X 1 pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 ptr month. SHERMAN, CLAY ft CO.,
Bteinway dealer*, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ita., San Francisco, and and
Iway, Oakland.
LUTELY the oldest and largest house
t of Chicago is KOHLKR & CHASES.
26. 28 and Su O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
an.l prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing i> please and satisfy the
customer.
16! ELEGANT ulano for sale on $5 install-
in, nt-; c B1 MOO « "all 1115 Post Bt^
|R. A DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAI ZY. SOS to Sl2 Post st.
a ! PRIOHTS, $69 up; Installments, J5 7i up:
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
A NEW Chlckerlng and 9 Btelnwayi Keeffe's,
Van Ness, nr. Geary; tel. Larkin 70S.
AINS Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
A 5>:»; UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
BOHMER, Byron Ma, izy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacrnmento St., agent for
Francis Bac n md Halletl * Davis pianos.
BARGAIN fhi cheap. BCHMITZ, 16
J.lcAlllst.'r St.. next Hlbemia Bank.
KNAIJi: pianos; new pcale; nev styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR Violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
s< .1 X!. horse, weight 1150, fi years, fliip travel-
er. 8026 Twenty-second; Sunday.
HORSE and wagon for sale; cheap. Corner
Pi rce and Eddy sts.. Maud S stables.
l! ST arrive*, two carloads well-broken busi-
ness and work horses. Chase it Mendenhall,
rs Klllip & Co.; salesyard, 1732 Mkt.
i 5 HEAD of fine driving, carriage and draft
1700 lbs.: 5 to 7 years old. Can
• en at 1623 PoWeU St., near Tnlon.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bugples,
cart?, harness: Crand Arcade Horse Market.
$27 Plxth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FOR sale — 10 horses and mules at old Turk-st.
car 1801 Turk st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
PHAETON, horse and harness; a fine oppor-
tunity for a person wanting an elegant out-
tit. Apply :m Washington st.
IC> SETS second-hand harness; wagrms. carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 F"olsom st.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining: as-
Baying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geoi.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS- Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English. 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
AYRES' Business College, 72;! Mark." si
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship, $50; low rutes per week and mo.
MERCANTILE College, room 80, Flood build-
in.:. S. H. TAUR, Principal; pupils fitted
for : 1 1 1 office work; course in bookkeeping;
rapid calculations unequaled; short time.
TOUNQ lady would like to receive private In-
struction In the common school course. 2 even-
ings a week at her home; please state most
nable terms. H..x 7u9. Call office.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms: low rates; day.
even. San Francisco Bus. Collegre, ]2r,6 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ir.if, mech. survey, assay, archi.; day & eve i
Ml 1884 VAN l'Kl: NAILLEN. 933 Market.
CLASSES in Spanish, French and German
will be commenced al Ayres' Business College
on Tv-
DANCING, ballroom or sta^e. taught; private
or class. [RVINE'S, 421 Post si., near Powell.
VENA EATON, piano, banjo and guitar; les-
s :is BOc. 102 Goldi n Sate aye.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broach
way. Oakland: day and night ; correspondence.
PRIVATE academy of danctne: waltzing a
spe laity. Miss JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde.
"EXPANSION" the order al DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. "Or. Larkln st . opp. City Hall.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITT Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
movez, lays earpete. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
18 and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 250.
WHEN ycu become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlr.K Works. 253-357 Tehama st. : tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE ("arpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sitter st. ;
tel. Main 394 CEO WALCOM. Proprietor.
J M .gi'EEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4f>" Stevenson St.; tel. South 225: lowest rates.
I ■ RJ ETS -leaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'S S Eighth «t. : tel. Jessie 9+i.
J X MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. !40 l«a*
ft ; cleaning 8c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
U s Steam Carpet < leaning Assn.. 308 Golden
□ate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346
CONKLIN'S Taipei-beating Works. 233 Ooldca
Gate ay«.: tel Kut ISM.
STORAGE.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn & H. li. goods. 7:::. Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
DON'T .-tore in cellars. See O. M JUDSON
& i'o.. hl'3 Howard st.: advances made.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving
Office, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel Main r, 7 1 n .
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed: tel. Clay 25.
I'lKltt'E a.- TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing. advance, etc 73*. Market: tel. Black 311.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
M irrlage licenses have been Issued aa f >llows:
Id Goldsmith an.l Mary M. Arnold. " IS
A Clare and Mary Kuger :'"-?."
Arthur Ryan and Rosa Weiss :«-22
Bartholomew Morsla and Maria A. Iyoneo-
bardl 2.".- 24
Tki'.ils S. Sanden and Ida C. .!"hnsnn 2(1-2*
John 3. O'Grady an.l Ellen Sullivan JO-24
William <:. Wittman and Sarah Ski tth... 31-22
Mas Lebnann and Louisa Qoets 83-21
Richard E. Deseraux and Emily Garcia.... 4o-20
"mRTHS— MARRIAGES — DEA'THi"
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not he Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the DUDltcatlon offices and bo
Indorsed with the name and residence <>f per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ACKERSON In this city. May 13. 1899, to the!
wife of George E Ackerson, v daughter.
BECKER 1- Sausalito, May 16, li>'J9, to tho
wife I I ' Bei '.:■:. a son.
CARNJEGIE— In this city, April ?,<~>, IS!<9, to the
• John Carnegie, a son.
I" 'LAN In tills city, May 20, 18(9, to the wife
..f T. f Dolan, a daughter.
FLATLEY : . May 15, 1899, t ■ the
wife of the late William Flatley, a son.
HERMAN -In ibis city. May 9, 1899, to the
Wife ol li'-nry C. Herman, a dauthter.
KAUFMANN- In this city. May 12, 1899, to the
v lie of Ix'O Kaufmann, a son.
l.[ NDQUIBT— In this City, May G. 1599, to the
wife of Caiitaln Charles Lundquist, a. -
Ll I'WIC -In this .it y. May 18, 1899, to the'
: H. \\ . Ludwig, a son.
MULLIGAN In this city, May i:.. Wfl, to the
wife of James F. Mulligan, a daughter.
SANDS— In this city, Ma;. 16, 1899, to the wifi
'.f Thomas Sands, ■ son
MAHRIED.
BRANTENBERG— GEARY in th ; s city. May
1... 1899, by the Hey. John Stephens, pastor of
Blmpson Memorial M. E Church Henry W I
itenberg and Martha Geary, both of San I
Frani
( ROWLEY BRAISTED— In this city. May IS I
by the Rev, John Stephens, pastor <>f I
' ' M. E. Church. Timothy .1
Crowley and Catherine Braisted, both of San
Francisco.
IM'KART— HOLMEN— In Reno. Nev. May 1"
1898, by the Hey. Dr. Jones, Oliver S. Hobart
and Uzzie Forbes Holmen.
MORSIA- LONGOBARDI— In this eitv May 20
ISB9, by Justice oi the Peace Frank H Ker-
rigan, Bartholomew Morsia and Maria Arena
I,on£obardi, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Alexander. Philip Hoag. Frank C.
Aar n. Emanuel Hayes, Dennis T
g ■■. k. Henry Honlgsberger, Henry
Brown, Mary Klqpfer, John
Bolan, Michael J. McCabe, Michael
Cohn, Ralph McKinnon, Alex-
('anieron, Eva E. ander
(anney, John McGowan. Maihew
Curley, Thomas Mastyn, Mrs. Mary
in, Lora G. Medina, Josephine
Doherty. Charles Moran, Harrison
Dunn. Mary A. Meyer, Minnie E.
Demetriades, Demet- Nicolai. William
rlus Orbell. infant
Eisenbach. Adolph Prendergast, Mary E
Fisk, O. Herbert Reyes. Antonla
Gordon, Alecla M. Sargentson, Richard
Getchell, Mr?. J. T. Smith. Henry E.
Hunter. Henry J. "Swift. James F.
Holbrook, James W. Walls, John
Wlgney, George A.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
ALEXANDER— In this city. May 18. 1899.
Philip, beloved husband of Sophia Alexander,
and father of Julius, Bernard, Leo, Theresa
and Rae Alexander, a native of Germany.
(Seattle, Wash., and New York papers please
copy. )
C^Frieniis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday*, at 9:45 o'clock, from :.is late resi-
dence, ;!021 Washington street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
A. O. XJ. W.— Harmony Lodge No. 9, A. O. U.
W. : Officers and members are requested to
assemble this day (Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock,
at 3021 Wa«hingtrm street, to pay the last
tribute of respect to our deceased brother,
Philip Alexander.
JULIUS TIIIERRACH. M. W.
D. MoSWEBNEY, Recorder.
AARON— In this city, May 19. 1899, Emanuel,
youngest and beloved son of Simon and the
late Hannah Aaron, and brother of Louis and
Adeline Aaron an.l Mrs. Bella Arendt, a na-
tive of San Francisco, -aged 25 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Salem Cemetery by car-
nage.
BECK— In South Pan Francisco, at Bay View.
. May 17, 1899, Henry, dearly beloved husband
of Mary Beck, and beloved father of Fred.
Henry Jr. and the late John Beck, a native
of Wurtembere, Germany, aged 56 years 3
months and 6 days. A member of South San
Francisco Lodge No. 45, K. of P.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Masonic Hall.
, . corner of Fourteenth and Railroad avenues
south, where services, will be held under the
auspices of South San Francisco Lodge No.
45, K. of P. Remains at residence. 1537 Twen-
tieth avenue, between N and P streets south,
until 12 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery by carriage.
BROWN— In this city. May 28. 1599. at St.
Mary's Hospital, Mary, beloved wife of
Charles Brown, and mother of Henry Milton
Brown, a native of Alaska, aged 24 years.
ttryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BOLAN— In the City and County Hospital,
May 20, 1899, Michael Joseph Bolan, a native
of Georgia, aged 73 years.
COHN— In this city. May 19. 1599, Ralph, be-
loved son of Louis and Etta Cohn. and brother
of Annie, Nathan and Emily Cohn, a native
of San Francisco, aged 33 years 2 months and
2 days. ' .
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1512 Buchanan street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery. San Mateo, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
CAMERON— this city. May 20. 1599, Eva
Elizabeth, beloved wife of George E. Cam-
eron, and daughter of the Rev. A. and Maria
Haws, a native of Sacramento, Cal., aged 25
years.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite.l to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 306 Oetavla street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
CANNEY— In this city, May 20. 1899, John, be-
loved husband of Jane Canney. a native of
Carndonagh. County Donegal, Ireland, aged
€6 years and 11 months.
lC?*Frieii(!s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 104 Fair Oaks street, thence to St.
James Church, where a solemn high requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, Please omit flowers.
CURLEY— this city. May 20. 1899, Thomas
Curley. a native of Craughwell, County Gal-
way, Ireland, aged 47 years.
CORRIGAN— In this city. May 20, 1599, Lora
G. Corrigan, a native of Madrid. Spain, aged
50 years.
DOHERTY— In this city. May 19. 1599, Charles,
beloved husband of Mary Doherty, and broth-
er of the late Dennis and Daniel Doherty, a
native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:90 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1456 A Jessie street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
DUNN— In this city. May 19. 1599. Mary Ann.
dearly beloved wife of John Dunn, beloved
mother of Nellie Dunn, and sister of Mrs. E.
Riley, Mrs. K. Thompson and Mrs. F. Mul-
lee, a native of New York, aged 45 years 4
months and 20 days.
Fronds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street.
thence to st Brendan's Church, corner of j
Harrison and Fremont streets, where services
will be held, commencing at 1 o'clock. , Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DEMETRIADES-ln this city, May 19. 1899,
Demetrius, beloved brother of George, Nicho-
las, Emmanuel, Brasidas and Amelia Demet-
riades, a native 'if Greece, aged "v -.ears.
C^Frlend-s and acquaintances arc respeel
fully imiieu to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:80 o'clock. fr..m the funeral
parlors of Porter A White, 122 Eddy street,
theni c to the- Russian Church for services.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
EISENBACH— In this city, May is, 1899,
Adolph. beloved husband of Dlna Elsenbach,
father ..f Julius and Davi.l Eisenbach, and
brother of Mrs Lena Steinhardt, n native of
Bavaria, Germany, ajed Cl years * months
un.i 19 day? i N'.-w York papers please copy )
tTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), ut 10:80 o'clock, from his late resi-
-2118 Post street, betwpen Pler'-e and
tt, thence by special train from Third and
Townsend streets at 11 :4r, o'clock to crema-
tory lit Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Please omit
(lowers.
FISK— In Oakland, May 20, 1899, G. Herbert,
beloved husband of Belle Fisk, and only son
l of George R. and' Louisa Fisk, a native of
Boston, Mass., aged 37 years.
GORDON— this city. May IS. 1899, Alecla
Moore, dearly beloved wife of James Gordon,
mother of Gretta and Ruby Gordon, and
cousin of Mrs. E. F. Lennon, a native of Ire-
land, aged 38 years. (Cleveland, Ohio, papers
please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully invited to attend th» funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 619 Jessie street, thence to I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner of Seventh and Market streets,
where services will be conducted by the Or-
der of the Rebekahs. Interment Laurel Hill
( Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Templar Rebekah
No. 19 are hereby notified to attend the fu-
neral of our late sister. Alecia M. Gordon,
this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from I. O.
O. F. Hall. MART McLANB, N. O.
GETCHELL— In Midway. Alame.la County,
May 19. 1899, Mrs. James T. Getchell, a na-
tlve of Maine, aeed 69 years and 7 months.
HUNTER Entered into rest In Alameda, May
19, 1899, Henry J.. beloved husband of Han-
nah E. Hunter, and father of Henry C. and
Robert D. Hunter, a native of Philadelphia.
Pa.. In the 7l'd year of his age.
E7Hia friends and friends of the family
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
services to be held at bis late residence. \:.X2
Chestnut street. Alameda. to-morrow (M,.n-
day). at 9:80 o'clock. Please omit flowers. Cre-
mation at Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Funeral
car leaves Spear and Market streets at 11:4.1
o'clock sharp.
HOLBROOK— In this city, at Ocean View. May
2D. 1599, .lanes W.. b»l.,ved son of James M.
and Lizzie J. Holbrook. and brother of Wal-
ter. George .-ml the late Angeline Holbrook,
a native of San Francisco, aeed IS years and
4 montns.
HOAG— In Oakland, May 20, 1898, Frank C, be-
loved husband of Nannie F. Hoag, and
father of Irwin W. and Attai S. Iloae. a na-
tive : California, aged 45 years 3 months and
13 day*.
HATES In this city. May 19, 1599, Dennis T.,
beloved husband of Lizzie Hayes, son of Den-
nis and the 'ate Julia Hayes, brother of Mary
E. lliyes. and nephew of Mrs. M. Holland, a
native of Gilroy, Cal.. aged 2S years.
Z- •*" Friends and acquaintances nre respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence j
of his aunt, Mrs. M. Holland. 270 Minna
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where j
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for t
the repose of his soul, commencine at 9 i
o'clo(k. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HONIGSBERGER— In this city. May JO, 1599, j
Henry, beloved husband of Clara Honigs-
berper, nnd father of Mrs. J. Klein and Leon, '
Etta an.l Belle Honlgsberger.
KLOPFER— In this city. May 19, i<w>, John,
beloved husband of Elizabeth KloDfer. and !
father of Emile and Ferdinand Klopfer. a i
native of Baden, Germany, aged Jt> years 11 I
months and 1 day.
P7"Friends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of ;
McAi y .v- Co.. 123" Market street, between !
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
Me AUK— In this city. May », 1899, Michael
beloved brother of Terrence, Patrick and I
Hugh McCabe ar.l Mrs, Mary Rurk of New i
York City, and nephew of Bridget Russell, i
Margaret Pumds and th;> late Patrick Carr
and Susan Mi Fall, a native of the town of
Ballinaph. parish of Killmore, County Cavan
Ireland, agea 30 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from th-> parlors
Of Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Company, '■
20 Fifth street, thence to St. Joseph's Church !
for services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme- i
tery-
McKINNON— In San Rafael, May 20, 1899,
Alexander, husband of Mary McKinnon, and j
father of Rev. W. D. and Rev. D. J. Me- '
Kinnon. Sister Bernadette, Mary E. and John i
F. McKinnon and MYs. George Young, a na-
tive of Prince Edwards Island, aged 79 ■
years.
(n^Friends and acquaintances ore respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), from his late residenc« in San Ra-
fael, thence to St. Raphael's Church, where !
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for !
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 I
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak- '
lar-.rt.
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO..
OSnccenors to F'.aragan & GaUtLgber),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EUBAUi£{^
10 Fifth at., oppaall* i-;ncolo dc&ooi.
ST«]tjphcß* Bvu;h Ml £
McGOWAN— In this city. May 20, 1599, Mathew
McGowan, a native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
MASTYN— In this city, Mrs. Mary Mastyn, be-
loved mother of Mrs. James Marshall, sister
of Mrs. Pilnor Lewis, and eldest daughter of
the late Thomas Parker Esq of Bloomsbury,
London, England, a native of England, aged
66 years. (T/ondon papers please copy.)
E7"Services this day (Sunday), at St. Mary's
Cathedral, at 1:30 o'clock.
MEDINA— In the City and County Hospital.
May 19, 1899, Josephine Medina, a native of
Mexico, aged 48 years.
MORAN— In this city. May 20, 1599, Harrison,
beloved husband of Eliza Moran. and father
of Lillian. Allen and Florence Moran, a na-
tive of New Hampshire, aged ■•''< years.
MEYER— In this city, May 19, 1599, Minnie E.,
beloved wife of Oscar H. Meyer, and daugh-
ter of Mrs. Sarah McGearey. a native of
County Tyrone. Ireland, aged 30 years 2
months- and 19 days.
B^TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 21S Austin avenue, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral for services, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
NICOLAI— In this city. May 19. 1599. William,
dearly beloved husband of Catherine Nicolai.
and father of Emma and Edith Nicolai, a
native of Hanover, Germany, aged 62 years 2
months and 7 days. A member of Occidental
Lodge No. 179, I. O. O. F. ; Friendship Lodge
No. 1731, K. of H., and Golden Gate Lodge
No. 8. A. O. U. W.
IT? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 431 Franklin street, n ar Fulton. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
ORBELL— At Perms Grove, Sonoma County,
May 19, ]599, infant daughter of Joseph E.
and Jane M. Orbell, aged 2 days.
PRENDERGAST— In this city, May 18, ISW.
Mary E.. beloved wife of John J. Prendergast,
and mother of Albert, William H. and John-
nie Moy and Mabel G. and Veronica Anna
Prendergast, a native of Claremorris, County
Mayo. Ireland, aged 42 years.
iCFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 319 Hayes street, between Franklin and
Gough, thence to St. Joseph's Church, Tenth
street, near Howard, where a high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 8 o'clock sharp. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
REYES— In this city, May 20. 1599, Antonla.
beloved mother of Nicolas and Danato Reyes
and Mrs. Sacramento R. de Alendez, and
grandmother of Abundio, Jesus. Candelaria.
Antonio, Concepcion. Nicolas and Manuel
Reyes and Juana, Emilia "and Antonia Men-
dcz, a native of Mazatlan, Mexico, aged 60
years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances -are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her son. 42^> 5 Vallejo street, between Kear-
ny and Montgomery. ,
SARGENTSON- In this city. May IS, 1899, Rich-
ard Godfrey Sargentson. "Blind Bob. " a na-
tive of Owstoa Ferry, Lincolnshire, England,
aged 6."i years and 9 months.
tyPrlends ami acquaintances are respect-
fully invite.l to atten.l the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner of Seventh and Market streets,
under the auspices of the General Relief Com-
mittee. I. O. O. F. Remains at the parlors of
Theodor Dlerks, 9F17 Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. May 18, 1899". Henry E..
beloved husband of Bridget Smith, and
father of Hubert, John, William and Charles
Smith. Mrs 11. G. Gille and the late Peter
anil James Smith, a native of Holland, aged
C 4 years 8 months and S days.
tT?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 2432 Harrison street, thence to St.
Peters Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SWlFT— Entered Into rest May 20, 1599. James
Fllteroft, beloved husband of the late Anna
V. Swift, and father of Catherine V.. Lionel
and the lntfi William E. Swift, a native of
Berry. England, aged 70 and 21 days.
WALLS— Entered into rest in this city, Mny 18,
IM'H, John, dearly beloved husband of Kliza-
betb Walls, an.l father of John A. Walls, a
native ot Pennsylvania, aged 67 years.
(rjyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at - o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2817% California street.
WlGNET— Drowned at the Cliff House, April
14. IS.9, George A., dearly beloved son of
Agnes and the late George A. Wigney. and
brother of Mrs. Charles Ratto, Mrs. E. P.
Pendleton, Mrs. C. J. Sharp and Bennie and
the late Nellie V. Wigney. a native, of Chi-
cago 111., aged 20 years D months and L' 7
days.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this, day
(Sunday), at '.' o'clock, from the First Bap-
tist Church, Santa Clara avenue, between
Stanton and Vinton streets. Alameda. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. May 20. -Clearings, $214,593;
balances, $63,232.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, May 20. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla. :','■>:''■ c; vail. ' . bluestem,
60c.
Cleared American steamer Columbia. for
Hongkong and way ;.>>rls. with 23,492 barrels
flour.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 20.— The wheat market closed
dull. To-day was a holiday in Liverpool and
there were no quotations i'r.>m that market.
Prices In Tacoma remained unchanged a l ,
for club and MVfec for bluestem.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, May 20.
Nor ftmr Titania. Egenes, 88 hours from Na
naimo
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson, 50 hours from New
port.
Stmr Sam. .a, Jabnsen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Schr Ethel, <la>s from .
SAILED.
Saturday, May 20.
Stiv.r Moha, Jorgensen, Mendodno.
Stmr Bunot, Lieblg.
Schr Newark. Beck, I'-owens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— May 20, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived May 20— Schr Sparrow, fm
San Pedro.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed May 20— Stmr Whltes
boro, for San Francisco.
Arrived May K— Stmr Alcatraz, hence May 19
TACOMA— Arrived May 20— Stmr Umatilla, he
May 16.
Sailed May 20— Stmr Al-Ki. for Alaska.
REDONDO Sailed May 20— Schr Reporter.
for Grays Harbor.
EVERETT— SaiIed May 20 — Schr Dcra
Bluhm. for San Pedro.
ASTORlA— Arrived May 20— Stmr State of
California, hence May is; schr Dewey.
Sailed May 20— Schr Webfoot, for San Fran
cisco.
F. IREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU \rrived Apr 30— Schr Repeater.
from Seattle; D S stmr Newport, hence Apr 20;
schr F S Redfleld, from Port Gamble; schr
OttlUle Fjord. from Eureka. May I— Ship
Stan. lard, from Tacoma. 2— Bktn Ge i C Per
kins, from Newcastle, NSW; stmr Nero, hence
Apr 23; T S Ftmr Badger, hence Apr 26; bark
Topgallant, from Port Blakeley. 4— Stmr Mor
gan City, hence Apr 25; bark C D Bryant, hce
Apr 21; schr Fred E Sanders, from Port Lud
low; i'.r htrar Coptic, hence Apr 28. j-Stmr
Ohio, hence Apr 28. 6— Stmr Senator, hence
Apr 2S; Br stmr Garonne, from Seattle. S
Schr Golden Shore, frm Newcastle. NSW; schr
Mary E Foster, hence Apr 2.'.; bktn W H Di
naond, hence Apr Haw bark Andrew Welch,
lier.ee Apr C 2. 9— Schr Jessie Minor, from Eu
reka. 11 — Stmr Australia, hence May 4: Br
stmr Miowera, from Sydney; bktn Klikltat, fm
p .tt Gamble.
Sailed Apr 29— Schr A J West, for Grays Har
l...r. schr Azalea, for Grays Harbor. :;•.— I" s
stmr Warren, for Manila. May I— Bark Ceylon,
for - — . 2— S.iir Carrier Dove, for Port Towns
end. 3— Bark Martha Davis, for San Francisco;
bktn S <; Wilder, for San Francisco. 4— Hktn
S N Castle, for San Francisco; schr William
Renton. for Puget B mnd. 5— U S stmr New
port, for Manila: schr T S Negus, for .San
Diego. 6— Br stmr Coptic, for China and Ja
pan; ftmr Morgan City, for Manila: I" S stmr
Ner... for cable survey: bark Albert, for San
Francisco. 'j— Schr C S Holnu-s, for Port
Townsend: ship J B Thomas, for Kahului;
stmr Ohio, fur Manila; str Senator, for Manila;
Pr stmr Garonne, for Seattle; Br bark Adtler
ly. for Puget Sound. I')— Schr Transit, for San
Francisco. 11— Br .stmr Miowera, for Van
couver.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Sailed May 20— Stmr Mesaba,
for London; stmr Statendam. for Rotterdam
via Boulogne: stmr Saale. for Naples, etc;
stmr Campania, for Liverpool; stmr Patria, for
Hamburg.
GENOA— Arrived May 20— Stmr Ems, from
New York.
GENOA— Arrived May SO— Stmr Adams, from
New York.
Children's Playgrounds.
Mrs. A. D. Sharon, Mrs. Lovell White,
Miss Mnry Lake of the California Club
and Superintendent Webster of the School
Department will address the Merchants"
Association at the annual meeting of ihe
association on Monday evening at the
Academy of Sciences Hall, 619 Market
street, upon the subject of children's pub
lic playgrounds. The public is cordially
invited to attend.
Discarded Lovers' Punishment.
John J. Coffey, the tp.-imster who was
convicted by Judfee Mogaa of battery
upon Mary Paul, a tailoress, at 62 Te
hama street, who had kept company with
Coffey and ordered him to pay a fine of
appeared for sentence yesterday morning.
The Judge said he had no sympathy With
Coffey and ordered him to pay a fine of
$200. with the alternative of ioo days in
the County Jail.
Advances mv.'.c on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
GRAND LODGE OF MASONS LAYS
THE CORNERSTONE OF A SCHOOL
i i i 111 Sliis is.
tss\W"''\\ rr* %wf\ tiff \f\\ \y.\\ [w»f \r"\ ! k"i rr* rr '"LJi^lk' !,'!! P\ i^iKt itT^
ii|B Hi ISilli IMlte Hi' M3^lfs™K
;|X '""* ♦»..„.,.,„„ „,, .„„..„„ * "" "fi'»l. ■■i*"'""",,".^^"— ~^"~~
College of Physicians and Surgeons' Magnificent New Home.
THE laying of the cornerstone of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons was performed yesterday
at the site on Fourteenth- street, between Valencia
and Mission. The impressive services of the Masonic
ritual were conducted by Judge F. M. Angellotti,
grand master, assisted by the members of the Granll
Lodge. "Wine, symbolical of refreshment; oil, of joy, and
corn, of nourishment, were poured uixrn the stone after
It had been properly laid.
Professor J. R. Lame, president of the college, acted
as master of ceremonies. The Masonic Quartet, under
the direction of Samuel D. Mayer, grand organist, ren-
dered the musical portion of the ritual, assisted by the
First Infantry Band, under the direction of Charles H.
Casapsa.
His Honor the Mayor was particularly happy in hia
remarks. He complimented the faculty of. the college
on the auspicious occasion, saying it was a pleasure to
attend the exercises. He said the new building meant
much for San Francisco. It Is well that we encourage
the construction of fine buildings, but more particularly
those dedicated to the purposes of education. The speaker
nfVrred to the building of Mission Dolores Church in
1776, when the slopes within view of those assembled
were but the grazing ground of cattle and sheep. He
then told of the gold era of 1549 and claimed that this
Is the educational era and discloses a great State founded
upon the prosperity which comes from field and mine.
He spoke of San Francisco as a jewel set between the
University of California at Berkeley and Leland Stan-
ford Jr. University at Palo Alto. He quoted President
LOCALS WIN
BY WELL-TIMED
STICK WORK
Oakland Loses a Very
Fast Game.
Afar back in the dim, misty past some
Socrates of the diamond (Gladiator Pete
Browning, maybe) uttered the great truth
that "It's hits what wins ball games."
V- sterday's contest between San Fran
cico and' Oakland at Recreation Park
proved the wisdom of this utterance, for
while Oakland played an almost flawless
fielding tamo, the locals plugged up a
half dozen overripe bungles; but notwlth-
Btandirig their misplays they batted out a
victory after the largest Saturday crowd
of tin- season had made up their rrfinds
that Hanks men had gone skating.
It is true that the Dudes' total number
Of swats equaled that of the locals, but
they came in driblets when there were no
men on bases, while the longshoremen
sent theirs out on longer journeys
and at times when they would do the
most good. Oakland had ten men left on
bases, while only three of the home team
perished, and that tells the whole story—
or most of It. There were times when
"Old Reliable" Rube became cross-eyed
on balls and strikes, apparently to the
disadvantage of the visitors but the best
of us are liable to err and Rube makes no
pretensions to infallibility.
Up to the eighth inning the game more
than met the expectations of the fanatics.
Oakland took the lead at the start, only
to be tied up in the sixth; but in the
eighth the locals fell upon Russell's
curves for four mighty punches, netting
three runs and the game.
There was some remarkably clever
fielding on both sides, Lange of Oakland
carrying off the honors w-ith some one
handed stops and throws tnat seemed al
most impossible. Krug made a wonderful
running pick-up at short, which was dv
'■ plicated by Scnmeer, w-hile Peeples kept
: m the game with a circus eaten that re
sulted in a double play.
In the sixth inning Joshua P. Riley was
soaked in the block by a pitched ball and
went down and out. He recovered in time
to play the string out. but was at a loss
whether to wear his cap in the old place
or on the new lump that was erected over
his tar. That clout tied the score, for
Swindells, who ran for Joshua, made the
circuit.
Oakland was handicapped by the ab
senceof Hardie. "Old Clamjuice" shaved
his moustache off early in the week in
fulfillment of his bet with Fred Lange,
and has been laid up w-ith lumbago ever
since. But such are the vicissitudes that
confront a ball player.
Oakland began its run getting in the
first inning. Donovan was safe on Sulli
van's error and was advanced to second
on Lange's single after Schmeer had
struck out. A beautiful double steal that
rattled Swindells placed Donovan on third
j and Lange on second. The Frisco catcher
! tbrew wild to check Donovan and Jack
kept right on home. The team completed
I its touring in the third. Schmeer led off
| with a double, took third on Lango's out,
i Knight to Sullivan, and scored on Ham
mond's single to left. The hit got away
from Muller and Hammond went on to
second. Peeples drove one to Riley, who
fumbled, letting Hammond around" to the
third station. Johnson was given a i>;<-<s
and Dunleavy sent a long fly out to Mul
ler, Hammond beating the ball home
Johnson w*g thrown out at second by
Swindells, leaving Peeples on third.
■\Yith three runs to the bad and their op
ponents playing perfect ball. Harris' men
started in to bat out the game. They got
fairly started In the fourth. Pyne" was
given his base on balls, and after Krug
I was retired on a fly to Moskiman, com
i pleted the circuit on Riley's triple, josh
i following him home when Sullivan
i touched off a double. In the sixth Riley
! got that soak in the head, and while he
was recovering Swindells trotted to first
I for him. Sullivan smashed out a long
I single and Swindells came all the way
around, though It was a close decision at
the plate.
Oakland's finish came in the eighth.
Pyne was safe on Johnson's error, the
only misplay on the side. Krug followed
with a double and Riley's long fly to
Donovan let Pyne home. Sullivan's sec
ond double scored Krug and singles by
Muller and O'Neil put Sully across the
I rubber. The Score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
I Pyne, c. f 4 2 0 0 110
Krug. s. s 5 110 5 3 1
i Riley, 3 b 3 2 10 3 12
Sullivan, 1 b 4 13 0 9 11
i HtKlerbrandt, r. f... 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
. Holler, l. f 4010301
I O'Neil. 2 b 4 0 2 0 0 4 0
Swindells, c 4 0 10 6 11
Iberg, p 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 3G 6 9 0 27 11 6
Harper of Chicago a? saying that the four great educa-
tional centers of the United States are Chicago, Boston,
New York and San Francisco.
In closing, his Honor said we are doing our part in
bringing about a realization of the destiny of San Fran-
cisco. He spoke of this city as a veritaole fountain of
youth, where people come and enjoy health, that blessing
without which life is not worth living. He then con-
gratulated the faculty upon that great institution the
cornerstone of which had just been laid.
The remaining speakers were Judge R. B. Carpenter
•and Julius Kahn. The former praised the officers of the
college and told of its marvelous growth during the three
years of its existence. Congressman Kahn dwelt on the
great field for research open to the students of the twin
sciences— surgery and medicine. He affirmed that th«
faculty had loftier ideals and entertained worthier am-
bitions than the mere grinding out of graduates. He
hoped the latter might add luster to the glory of the
college.
The beautiful silver trowel with which Grand Master
F. M. Angellottl laid the cornerstone bore this inscrip-
tion:
Presented to F. M. Angellotti, grand master of
Masons, at the laying of the cornerstone College
of Physicians and Surgeons, May 20, 1899.
A throng of people attended the exercises, filling
every vantage point from which the ceremony could be
witnessed. In the crowd the red and white colors of the
students were conspicuous, with here and there the pur-
ple ribbon of tht± junior class men.
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. f 5 1 1 2 4 0 0
Schmeer. a. s 5 110 3 2 0
Lange. 3 b 5 0 110 3 0
Hammond c 5 l 3 0 r> 0 0
Peeples, 2 b 4 0 0 .1 '.' 5 0
Johnson. 1 b 2 0 1 v 12 0 1
Dunleavy, 1. t 4 0 110 0 0
M^kiman, r. f 3 0 10 110
Russell, p 4 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 37 3 9 5 27 12 1
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 0 2 0 10 3 o— €
Base hits 0 0 0 2 1114 o—9
Oakland 1 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 o—3
Base hits 1 12 12 110 o—9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— lberg, 1; Russell, 3.
Three-base hit— Riley. Two-base hits— Schmeer,
Sullivan (2), Moskiman, O'Neil, Hammond.
Krug. First base on errors — San Francisco, i.
Oakland. 4. First base on called balls — San
Francisco, 1; Oakland, 3. Left on bases— San
Francisco. 3; Oakland, 10. Struck out— By
Iberg, 6; by Russell, i>. Hit by pitcher— Riley.
i I able play— Peeples to Schmeer. Tim? of
game— Two hours. Umpire— Levy. Official
scorer— Stapleton.
Santa Cruz Shuts Out San Jose.
SANTA CRUZ, May 20.— The best game j
of baseball seen here this season ■was |
played this afternoon between Santa Cruz J
and San Jose, and was won by Santa Cruz
by a score of 3 to 0. It was a pitched
battle between Borchers and Donlin. Un
til the fourth inning not a run was made,
although Santa Cruz had the bases filled
twice. In the fourth inning Clark of the
home team tallied on a passed ball by
Hansen. In the sixth Santa Cruz made
a run through an easy ball passing
through O'Dea's hands. Kleiber, the new
shortstop for Santa Cruz, did great play
ing, making two base hits. In the fifth
inning he caught a fast ball, rolled over
and managed to put out his man at first.
The same teams meet to-morrow. The
score:
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams, 2b 4 0 0 0 110
Donlin. p 4 0 10 0 3 0
Devereaux, 3b 4 0 0 0 2 10
Strieb, c 4 1 3 0 10 3 0
Clark, lb 3 110 9 0 0
Cameron, c. f 3 10 0 0 0 0
Kleiber, a. »... 4 0 2 0 4 2 2
Burge, c. I 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Balsz, r. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
Totals 31 3 7 0 27 10 2
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGucken, c. f 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
O'Dea. s. s 4 0 0 0 111
Anderson, 2b 4 0 0 0 10 0
Dairy mple, 1. I 4 0 113 0 0
Hanlon, lb 3 0 10 6 0 0
Foley. r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 1
Fessell, 3b 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Borchers, p 3 0 0 0 0 4 0
Kent, c 3 0 1 0 11 1 0
Totals 30 0 3 1 24 8 2
RUNS BY INNINGS. "
Santa Cruz 0 0 0 10 10 1 •—
Base hits 10120201 •— 7
San Jose 0 0 00 0 0 0 0 o—o
Base hits 0 0 0 0 . 1■ 0 0 1 I—3
SUMMARY.
Earned run— Santa Cruz. Two-base hits—
Strieb. Dalrymple. First base on errors — Santa
Cruz 1, Par. Jose 2. First base on called balls-
Santa Cruz 2, San Jose 3. I^eft on bases
Santa Cruz 7, San Jose 6. Struck out— By Don
lin 10. by Borchers 9. Passed ball— Kent. Um
pire—Patsy Cahlll. Official scorer— H. Flesig
Sacramento Again Defeated.
SACRAMENTO, May 20.-The Sacra
mento ball team tackled the toboggan
slide again and went down before the "Su
gar Beet" boys from Watsonville to-day.
Harper, pitching for the visitor was an
enigma to the end, and put up the pret
tiest game seen here this season. Harvey
was wild at times and his support verged
on tbe ragged. It was a pitchers' battie,
and Harper won by superior generalship.
The five hits off his delivery were widely
scattered and his field was a stone waii.
McCarthy, the visitor's shortstop, picked
up the only error made by his team. The
score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO A E.
Stulz. 21) 4 IV 0 0 2 2 1
Harvey. i> 3 0 l Q I 3 2
Whallntr. lb 3 0 2 2 7 1 1
Dnyle. r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Eagan. s. s 3 0 1 0 1 3 1
Stanley, c 3 1 0 0 7 1 0
McLaughlln, 3 b 3 0 1 1 3 1 0
Shanahan, 1. f 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Sheehan, c t 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
ToUta 31 1 6 4 24 11 5
WAT?ONVILLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Brockoff, 3 b 4 1 1 0 0 0 0
McCarthy, s. s 3 0 1 0 4 : 1
Courtney, c. f 2 1 0 0 2 0 0
Selna, 1 b 4 0 0 0 5 10
Plake, 2b. 4 110 0 2 0
Morrow, c 4 1 i> 0 12 11 0
Hayes. 1. f 4 0 11110
Rice. r. f 4 0 v ft 2 0 0
Hanger, p 1 1 1 0 1 3 0
Totals 30 5 5 1 27 S 1
RUNS BY IXXIXGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 I
Base hits 1 1110 0 11 o—6
Watsonville 1 0 0 0 2 2 0 0 • 5
Base hits 0 10 0 3 10 0 •— 5
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Harvey, 3. Two-base
hits— Harper. Eagan. Sacrifice hit— Stanley
First base on errors— Sacramento, 1: Watson
vlUe, 3. First base on halls— By Harvey s
by" Harper. 4. Left on bases— Sacramento, 9 :
Watsonville, 6. Struck out— By Harvey, 7;' by
l^tu^^a^^^i
Scorer-a e A° GrTffinr 2:15 - Da *^O«S
'-*
To-Day's Games.
Ban Francisco and Oakland will play
two games to-day, the first at the Golden
at 10-3oT acrOSS the bay - beginning
at 10.30 a. m., and the second at Recrea
tion Park at 2:30 p. m Fitzpatrick an.
Moskiman will do the pitching in the
morning. The afternoon line-up is as to*
San Francisco. Positions. Oakland.
f^Jl dells tC her Hammond
iDerg: Pitcher • .. Russell
5umyan....;........F1 rs t base :::::;;£"
" ell .Second base • Feenlea
Riley..... Third ba5e...;......... Lane*
£™*" Shortstop ,;. .V.'.V.^^Telr
Mu 'ler £* ft field —• — ..... Dunleavy
£?."* Center field Donovan
HUderbrandt ....Right fie1d....... . . . . . . Hardia
Nellie Murphy's Luck.
when the case of Nellie Murphy, the
notorious pickpocket, charged with steal
ing $120 from F. Dunne, a stranger, was
for the fourth time called in Judge Mo
gran's court yesterday the complaining
witness failed to appear, and the Judge
had to dismiss the case. He notified tha
arresting officers that when Nellie is ar
rested again they must book the com
plaining witness and hold him in bonds to
appear to prosecute. A charge of vag
rancy against her was continued till to
morrow for decision. There is another
charge of grand larceny pending against
Nellie in Acting Judge Groezinger's court.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
He Cures Rupture,
Amazing Success of a Plan In-
vented by Dp. Rice.
No Pain Nop Operation and a Per-
fect Home Cure.
Dr. W. S. Rice of 4188 Main St., Adams. N.
T., who has spent all his life the study of
abdominal rupture, has perfected a system ot
treatment that permanently and perfectly curea
MM. H. G. BROWN, Elkton, Or.
any rupture no matter how old or severe a case
It may De. It would be good news if he only
assured his patients of comfort, but when he
positively and absolutely guarantees that his
system will cure, surely this is enough to in-
still enthusiasm Into the hope of the most
upsi'ijiring sufferer.
The doctor has written a book on rupture
that explains every detail of his method, and
thia book he will mail free to every one who
writes for it. Pr. Rice is too modest to per-
mit the publication of his portrait, but one ot
his cured patients. Mr. H. G. Brown of Klk-
ton, Or., a fine old gentleman, consented to
allow his picture to accompany his statement
regarding the marvelous cure which Dr. Rice
caused in his case.
Mr. Brown says: "I am very happy to ac-
knowledge that Dr. Rice's method completely
cured me of a dangerous rupture. I have since
done all kinds of hard work on a farm and
have been as strong and capable as in my
younger days before being ruptured. If all
rui'tur.-d people would try this method I am
certain they would be cured, as Dr. Rice has
a system that is simple, cheap, comfortable
healing and satisfactory to such a degree that
from the very first day a man becomes won-
derfully relieved and satisfied. I cannot in-
dorse the plan too strongly. It cured me and
has cured many others who were enconraßed
by m\ success."
Do not be backward aoout writing for Dr
Rice's free book. It will interest you deeply
and tells li, a very convincing manner Just
SfJj}" cures rupture. Write to-day. Addresa
Dr. W. S. Rl^e, 4188 Main st., Adams, NTGOT A SEARCH
WARRANT FOR
HIS ONLY SON
irst Case of the Kind
on Record.
HICELESS VALUE OF A BOY
C. GUSCINSKY IS DESERTED
BY HIS WIFE.
Interesting Cause That Will Be
Heard by Judge Mogan xo-Mor
r< w Morning if the
Wife Appears.
JT-t the first time in the records? of the
Jylioe «'ourts a search warrant was issued
by Judge Mogan yesterday for the recov
ery of a human being alleged to have been
stolen, the complaint charging the crime
of grand larceny.
Ilr. C. Goscinsky, 642 Pine street, is the
complaining witness, lie called upon the
Judge and explained that his wife had
deserted him May 8 and had taken with
her their boy, Herbert, 5 years of age. lie
had searched for the boy at Ocean View
and on Noe street, as he had reason to be
lieve he was in the custody of Mrs. Adolph
Itoemer, an intimate friend of his wife. |
but' it was not till last Monday that he
discovered Mrs. Roemer was living at 2
Pearl street, near Market..
He went there and saw his boy, but
Mrs. Roemer denied that he was there.
On telling her that he had seen the boy
on the stairs Mrs. Roemer admitted that •
he was right, but said she would refuse!
to deliver him up unless she was paid $tj>i j
for his board, as she had kept him off and I
on for the past three years. Not laving j
the- money Goseinsky had to retire with
out the boy, but later he wrote a letter
!•• Mrs. Roemer offering to pay the
amount when he was able, but the letter \
iv;;s returned unopened.
"My wife and 1 lived on Minna street,"
: tinued the doctor, "but as it did not
suitlme 1 engaged a of rooms at 642
?ine street about live weeks ago on the
understanding with my wife that she
would remove there when my circum
stances got better. She used to come
ihf-re every day and annoy me by remaln
:;i; in my rooms' all day. Two weeks ago
-he met me on the street in front of the
nouse and abused me for not attending!
... th- : y.'s shoes. 1 told her not to make
>v. scon- on the street, but she struck me,
.:. i king off my hat and spectacles, and
t.-ii is the last I ha^e seen of her. I am
graduate of Leipsic University and have
•■ n :n this country five years. We were
rried in Leipsic, but our boy was born
fere shortly alter our arrival."
The Judge, after hearing- his story, is
. ii the search warrant, and the value of
■ boy was placed at $5000 by the doctor.
The Jin'.ge before signing the warrant
ga:i£v<i the value from $5000 to "of price- i
s value."
(flicer t'ronin got the warrant and, ac
npanied by Dr. Goseinsky. went to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-
* Sunday, May «. New prices Wednesday* 1
A A
* No Liquors— just '
0 Good Groceries 4
, Hotels, retaurants, cam-?
\pers — all grocery buyers?
> .should know our prices. \
a Glad to estimate on littler
A')T big lists. a
5 Costs nothing to find out^
f how much we can save you^
i — write. i
Soap Powder.. i
a package usually. 1 2 pkgs 25 d
* Kippered Herring can 15c
0) English— Smith f
Sardines can 13c
A "bandicolla & Gaudin.
a Early Breakfast Coffee.. 15c
Good— worth 2-c a pound.
4 Bring it back if you don't
T think so.
{\Vhite Beans 12 lb 25c
0 Lady Washington.
Beans 12 lb 25c
A "roo<1; clean. a)
iCarolina Rice lb 4c
Good quality; worth 6c or 7c.
r EiGHT SAVING STORES: ¥
1 785 Market St. S. F. 1311 Polk St. 8. F. A
r U>6o Wanhington. Oak Shattnck A», Berkeley \
A <>th * Washington, " Central At, Alamedai
*t. 12th * nth At. ■' i th * Wood. Oak f
p— =
*| Richelieu
Said;
"Chocolate is the milk for ad-
vanced age."
Unlike most other table
beverages, chocolate con-
tains no alkaloids to destroy
the elasticity of your tissues.
Chocolate keeps you fresh
a"d strong in body and brain
— gives you agility and sup-
pleness of limb — counteracts
the inroads of old age — pre-
serves youth.
Provided it's good — and
FRESH.
Ghirardelli's
GROUND
v Chocolate
I is the only one in this market
that is both good and FRESH.
At grocers' — 30c per pound.
Mrs. Roemer's house. She delivered over
the boy without offering anj objection
and there was an affecting parting be
tween the boy and Mrs. Roeiner'i three
children, who had come to look upon him
brother. Mrs. Roomer said she
would notify Mrs. Orosolnsky so that she
would be in court to-morrow morning
when the case is called. According to
Judge Slogan's order Officer Cronfti hand
ed mer the boy to the custody of his
father.
JUBILEE SERVICES.
Anniversary Celebration to Be Held
at the Mission of the Good
Samaritan To-Day.
There will be jubilee services to-day at
the Cathedral Mission of the Good Sa
maritan. Second and Folsom streets, in
commemoration of the fifth anniversary
of the mission. The services include an
early eucharist at 7:30 a. m.. and also at
: the 11 o'clock B( rvic< s, when the rector
will tell of th< good accomplished m the
past and the hopes of the future.
In the afternoon a Sunday school cele
bration and giving of prizes will take
'. place. Th.- . \enmp will be devoted to a
' grand si hi I si r Ice, ai which the Hishop
alifornia will preach and also admit
uns ladies with impressive cere
mony Into the Order of the King. The
: musical programme far the day is as fol
| lows:
1 i'mcessional." 133. Mann: "Venite."
' Lema . "Te Deum." Woodward; "Jubi
•■.."' Best: "In
-375. Dykes: "Kyrie." Tours;
"Gloria Tibe," Tours: hymn. Jfason;
ria Patri." Matthews: offertory. "O
r Walk \. .th God.' with solo
Foster; "Sirsum Corda "
tus.". Tours; hymn. 228,
id; "Gloria in Excel
'' mit s." Gower; "Retro-
WEIHE AND ROTH ARE
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS
TENNIS TOURNAMENT FOR THE
ACADEMIC MEDALS.
Lyceum College Wins Both Singles
and Doubles — Unsportsmanlike
Conduct of Students on
the Benches.
finals of the second annual tennis
tment of the Academic Athletic
Leagm were played
011 t!: ' the California Club. The
tournament commenced last month and
I out on the courts of the most
< iubs about the bay. The finals
narrowed down to the contest between
'•'■>•• ' : '•'■■■ Lyceum and Dlbert of the
1 ' lk i School In Bingles, and
weihe and Roth, Lyceum, and Dibert and
• n, Oakland High School.
Weihe proved too strong a r
, wielder for Dibert and is now tb<
: demic champion of the State. In three
straig seta carried off the honors of
the day, but not without a struggle. The
set was attach,-.'. i. y Weihe with a
score of 6-1. Welhe'a playing was fast
and he idy. He i ame to the ■:■ : wl
the oportunity offered, doing hia m
fectlve work by strong volleying, [n the
Dibert showed to better advan-
Th< Bcore was 4—2 in Weih< 's favor
when the Oaklander took a bn cc but his
I ng was too slow for the San Prancls
■>'>■•;::• won this set 6 — i. The third
B( • was similar to th« Becond In style of
Pay i with the sain.- score. Di
- lack of experience in toum
p. ay and his slowness were responsible
for his comparatively easy defeat. The
, comi was tj— l. 6—4.
' ; Thi ihampionship wa
i contest, bringing out some except!*
; fine tennis. Weihe and Roth of the Lv-
I ceum School won out in a five set n
i Thi - was won by i Hbei
, | Brown, hut not without hard playing.
Both teams crept up the score board
by game, until the Oaklanders
• i irged ahead two games and won out.
The ■ cork of the tournament was
; Bet of doubles. Diben
■ Brown played well together, displaying
k and placing.
: Weihe and Roth fought hard, but they
I not win out. The Bel at different
. times stood four all, five all and six all.
. th^ Oaklanders attached the next ■
1 two Kami's, carrying the Bet with them.
After that came the surprise. It locked
; as If Oaklai d were a sure winner and an
one. Weihe and Roth surprised gen
! oral expectations by running out in tho
third and fourth sets without any great
; effort. The third set went to Weih<
Roth, 6 — l, and the fourth set with th<
score r>— 2. The fifth and linal sot. which
. decided the match, was interesting for
| the first six games, each team scoring
i three games. The Lyceum team then took
! the next three games and with them the
■ championship in doubles.
The doubles tournament wa? marred by
I the unsportsmanlike conduct of a number
i of Lyceum students who jeered and yell* d
i at the Oaklanders with the purp
ng their play. The loss of th.
;it was in a measure due to this in-
I fluence.
Other interesting matches played on the
I courts are as follows: Fay Beale played
all with Sidney Salisbury, G— 4. 4 6
Harry Weihe beat Mi-rle Johnson, 6—o,
,6—2. '•'— 1. J'>e Hooper and W. Stauf
played a match Friday morning at H::;o
f'«r the heavy-weight championship of the
California Club Hooper took Btaufs
sure in a three-set match and now
i lias the right t<i mccl Walter McGavin.
i Miss Drown and Miss I-towman heat
Misa Gertrude Palmer and Miss Laura
i Farnsworth, 6—4. Miss Drown and Miss
' Palmer beat Misa Bowman and Misa
N Farnsworth, 6 — 3. f — 4. Miss Farnsworth
I and Professor Joe Daily beat Miss Drown
I ! and Miss Bowman, 6 — 4. Professor Daily.
giving Miss Drown odda of 40, attempted
I 1 Ot win 6 — 2, but the score read 6 — 4 at the
j conclusion.
CRIMINALS AT THE BAR.
hupormr Juage t ook ciki not appear
yesterday morning at his courtroom, and
In CO] . a number c<t criminals,
hooked for sentence, were taken back to
Jail to await the toming of another day.
Pfrang, who on February W
stabbed his wife. Dietta, four tim>'s and
euffer< (1 conviction on a charpo of assault
■with a deadly weapon, was sentenced by
Judge Punne to one year in th^ County
Jail. John McGregor, convicted of bur
plary. was sentenced to eighteen months
In San Quentin. Harry Peter?, a profes
sional burglar, who was caught in the
•■ inciting C. Schoenfeldt's store. 107%
Fifth street, was sent to Folsom Prison
for :i term of five years.
Joseph </lark. convicted of the murder
of Joseph Cross, was not sentenced. As
sistani District Attorney Greany liled an
answer to that placed on record by 11.
Digby Johnston, defendant's counsel, last
week charging improper conduct. Greany
i all charges made, by Johnston, and
as the latter wanted to reply to the an
swer the case was continued for a week.
Michael Flannery, who stnl( ' a s ' lv ' r
from the person of Michael Dal
ton and was convicted on a charge ol
grand larceny, was Bent to San Quentin
for thn •• years by Jud^e Lawlor.
p McAran one "f the straw bondsmen
who assisted Pickpocket Eddfe Brooks to
regain his liberty, was arraigned bafora
Judge Lawlor. A motion for a reduction
ol bail was made by defendant's counsel,
but the court refused to interfere, leav
ing the figure named by Presiding TuJge
Daingerneld-S3OOO.
Lizzie Murphy, charged with grand lar
c< mv was before Judge Lawlo:- th:n Her
case might be set for- trial. She was en
ioying her liberty on a bond on whi. h C.
Elliott and John Crowley, upper end sa
loon-keepers, appeared as securities and
were accepted by Clerk Thomas Kelly.
\ftpr glancing over the documeal Judge
Lawlor said that it was worthless,
ordered the defendant into the ousted; of
the Sheriff until her case comes up tor
trial nexl Wednesday.
.« ♦ ■
Fairmount Political Clubs
The property owners in tne i«airmount
section of the city are exerting them
selves in politics as well as in Improve
ments. There were two clubs organized
In that district last night.
A ' Republican club was organized at
Crouch's Hall, corner of Arlington and
Miguel streets, by a few of the more
prominent Republicans. After discussing
the situation for a brief time it was de
cided to organize the Thirty-sixth Dis
trict Fairmount Republican Club.
The following officers were elected:
Chris Stader, president; T. Nelson, vice
president; Thomas Crouch, secretary, and
Joseph Fleck, treasurer.
Simultaneously with the formation of
the Republican club, the Democrats or
ganized a club of their owin in Fair
mount Hall, with the following officers;
President, Joseph P. Tuoheyj vice presi
dent, Henry Ksksos; -secretary, L. P.
Smith, and treasurer, Earnest Raffestin.
It was decided by the organizers of this
club to affiliate with the Mission Demo
cratic Federation of Primary Clubs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
BURNS HAS A
COURT OF HIS
OWN MAKING
This Tribunal Settled
Hart's Bill.
J. B. WRIGHT WAS THE JUDGE
i
SAVED THE COLONEL THE BIG
SUM OF $21,500.
The Mexican Politician Thinks $3500
Ample Pay for the Labors Ex
pended to Keep Him
Out of Jail.
Judgment of dismissal was docketed
yesterday in the suit of General A. L.
liart against Daniel M. Burns, brought
to recover $23,U00 for legal services, and
the case, which grew out of the misdeeds
of Burns while Secretary of State, is
ended, although it may be remarked that
Hart didn't get his money. It is said that
the dismissal was the result of a com
promise, or rather the verdict of a ref
eree, J. B. Wright, prominent in railroad
affairs at Sacramento. A stipulation filed
by General Hart for himself and M. M.
Estee for Burns ordered the dismissal of
the suit. It set forth no facts by which
the amount paid liart can be determined,
but Sluixi is said to be the figure, which,
taken in connection with the great efforts
of General Hart to keep his client out of
the penitentiary for felonious acts and in
creased i (forts to collect the reasonable
value of such services, is indeed a beg
garly .sum, but its payment quite in keep
ing with the man who agrees to pay it.
Thai the services of General Hart on
behalf of Daniel M. Burns Were reason
ably worth the sum. sued for may be
easily determined when the labors of the
attorney are considered. In the year of
1W il was discovered that while Secre
tary of Slate the Mexican politician had
• mbezzled State funds to the extent of
$31,734 0-1. The case against him, notwith
standing his influence at that time, could
not be overlooked, and he fell into the
hands of the police. With a term in
stripes staring him in the face he t-m
--ployed General Hart, and the fight for
his liberty commenced. Twice Burns was
hauled before the Police Court of Sacra
mento on charges of embezzlement and
Hart represented him. Then the plaintiff!
in the action just dismissed used all his ;
taieiit and all his time defending his .
client in twelve actions before the Supe
rior Court of Sacramento, in each of
which Burns was charged with the mis- j
appropriation of public funds. Next a
civil action was brought against Burns to J
recover the amount embezzled, and as i
things became too warm for the colonel j
in that locality the case was transferred
\ 010 County for trial. Hart fought the
matter through to the end, and finally j
becoming wearied at the untiring tight:
Hart was making on behalf of Burns the !
people dropped the case and Burns was]
permitted to go his way. the ease against
him established, but unconvicted of the I
crime.
After this fight Hart presented his bill
for $2 I for his services and was paid
}:>•'■"'. This ended the payments, and con
stant requests brought but smiles from
the colonel. So suit was brought to recov
er tli>- balani I the fee, ihe complaint I
being filed November 22, IS9I. In his an
swer Burns did not -deny that the labors
of Genera] Hart were worth the amount
asked: he simply set forth that the attor
ney had agreed t" defend him without
pay and he accepted his services on this
agreement. When he returned from Mex
ico after a fortunate mining venture he
gave General Hart a present of $2iX¥), he
'said, for the many efforts on his behalf.
The answer was unique, as the world has
never known that General Hart so loved
• ! Burns that he was willing to de
-8( rt his business and for a period of years j
defend the colonel in every court of the j
commonwealth in which the crime was i
committed. '
The continued absence of Burns made
repeated continuances necessary, and the '
case never i une to trial before the courts
of this city. Finally, becoming wearied
of the proceedings General Hart put his
trust in J. B. Wright of Sacramento and
left the account with him for settlement, j
[Uently Wright, being a railroad j
man. having common interests with Dan
lel M. Burns, a railroad candidate for the
United States Senate, met General Hart
and assured him that the matter would
ttled. Wright and Burns were con
stantly together, and doubtless while
Hart was awaiting the arrival of the for
mer's verdict he and Burns were joyous
over the shock such verdict would he to
Hart when made known to him. Finally
the limit of Burns' generosity and the ex
tent of his honor were made known to
Hart, and for some reason he agreed to
accept HoOOj held by Wright to be suffi
cient payment for the legal services. The
|ab< rs of Hart on behalf of Burns have
Epread themselves over many years now.
After saving the politician from the peni
tentiary—a most difficult task— Burns gets
a henchman, binds Hart with a sacred
promise to agree to such henchman's ver
dict, fixes for himself the value of his
defender's services nnd takes the case
out Of court, but in doing so adds another
chapter to the history of his honor but
lit l l •- brighter th'nn tho rest.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W A Cheats. Colton Dr C A Devlin. Vallejo
W H Colclough, Sac .T II Myers & w, Cal
II J Edwards ft w, Cal V Ivanoff. Russia
H E Harrison, X L .1 Bruner, Hanford '
J Breninger, N V V) P Prick. Cal
J Horton, Livermore 3 D Boyd, Cal
F II Green. S Rafael A C Knox & w. Pa
W R Van Brunt. < 'al II Block, Los Aim
Mrs L Scott. Santo \v ll Hayward, Gual-
W A Fish. Red Bl«fl am
; C Feht, ■ Sacto "\V G Knox. Sacto
| A Arnold, Oakdale . .1 li Gyselaar. Cal
: I, Katz, Batter Creek I E Jnrdahl, Cal
.! i: Lethbridge, Can | F Phillips A w, Chgo
T D Kevin, Can B J Speak. London
I TH Oxnam. La Ang I) X Ledeber, Holland
v w Johnston. Mo :It M M Theaser. Cal
M C Marks, Ohio W II Hilllard' & w,
'W P "Wilson & \v, Cal N V
F II Ransom, Hal J E Hanford, Cal
C B Shaver, Fresno J M Strlenlng. Cal
J C Steele. Trinity Miss A L BOItOD, Sac
A E Berry, Boston IE L Stegall, Ariz
J H Mllzner. Tucson X E Rogers, Ariz
E C Culter, Denver 3 Hough &. w. Miss
! C is Jlllton, Hornbrook G I) Ackerly, Jackson
a C Adams, I'klah vilic
F 1! I^each, Ind E Harris, Los Ang
<; X Kilson &v:, Cal A J Holcomb, M D,
Dr A R Becker, Cal Cal
N A Dalrymple, Cal J s Shadel, Kan
I>r W D McDougall, W F Barnes, La AnK
San Jose V R Rtansell & w, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
II C Bermister, Stanfd VV L Bell. Stanford
I" s Peterson, Chicago k D Meyer. Stanford
L'H Backman. Chicago C B Hawley. Stanford
A H Hnefer, Chicago J A Burch, Plymouth
L T Wright, Keswlck E C Voorhels. Cal
.1 A Clark, NY jW II Ryan, N V
S V Bogart, X V D Manfred, Italy
E Burke N V ■ M Pwanzy & w, Hono
A J Fitch, N V II Grant, England
: J A Trobeck, Ls Auk J I'isoii, India
J s iK.adore. NY RAF Penrose Ariz
jMr & .Nil Diedrlchsen, »Ime L P Gushing. NY
Germany L A Stout, New York
E Diedrlchsen, Germ V H Miller, N V
E Rechtern, Germany -I T McLean, N V
D M Osborne, Mich J M Woods, St Louis
W C Popper, NY M Rothschild, N V
C P Davol. Paris R McCoy. USA
1 if D Coffee, Chicago F Diefenbatz, Germny
W II Hanson & w, Cal M Spree Reel, Germay
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F Finn, NT H <3 Soloman, S Jose
W B Armstrong, N V |C .1 Black. Fresno
M Mi ran, Chicago -;E Markness & w, Cal
V Mi Mantis, Mass E Stuart, Modesto
C <; Morgan, NY iF-E Proctor. Stockton
.1 Carroll, X V I Mrs F Meder, Sacto •
j W Nolan, Portland T Malmanger, Cal
W II Brisbane & w, I J Lyshon. Pa
Colo I X II Lewis. R I
C R Hill. S Jose !•.
■ ♦ ■
Commencement at Mills.
OAKLAND. May 20.— Next Tuesday
evening the commencement concert of
Mills College will bo given at the Insti
-1 union. The numbers will be rendered by
the piano class under Professor Louis
r, the vocal class of Professor H. B.
I Pasmore and the violin class of Guilo j
I Mlnetti. The young ladies whose names \
appear on the programme are: Miss
Dorothy Cooky. Miss Minnie Mauerhan.
Min< Mabel Kinear, Miss Elna Miller, Miss
Donna Whittaker, Miss Alice Gray, Miss
Zue Geery, Miss Willie Finley, Miss
Beulan George Geery and Miss Grace El
more. The commencement exercises will
be held next Wednesday evening.
A. O. H. BOARD OF ERIN.
The Annual Convention Is Held in
Crusaders' Hall.
The annual session of the State con
vention of the A. O. H. Board of Erin
was held in Crusaders' Hall, 1159 Mis
sion street, yesterday afternoon and even
ing, M. G. Sears, State delegate, presid
ing. After the transaction of routine
business the convention resolved itself
into executive session with J. J. Keating,
county delegate, in the chair. In view of
the fact thiit a general misapprehension
exists regarding the relation of the A. O.
H. Board of Erin to the A. O. H., resolu
tions were adopted defining the differ
ence between the two orders, the sub
stance of which was to the effect that
the A. O. H. in the convention of 1884 at
Cleveland practically declared themselves
seceders from the order; that while the
A. O. H. Board of Erin refused to admit
members unless they were natives of Ire
land or descended from natives thereof,
and who were Catholics, the A. O. H.
freely admitted descendants of mixed
(religious marriages and without regard
to nativity ot their parents, so long as
the father or mother could claim Irish
descent.
Before adjournment the chair an
nounced the deaths of M. McCabe of di
vision No. 7 and John Shea, former re
cording secretary, who was killed in the
Phihlippines while serving in the" United
States volunteers, and appropriate resolu
tions were adopted.
A BRIDE-ELECT OF
THE CLASS OF '98
MISS MARIE L McDERMOTT
OAKLAND, May 20.— The engage
ment Is announced of Miss Marie
L. MeDermott of this city to Aus-
tin N. Walton of San Francisco.
Mr. Walton graduated with high honors
from St. Ignatius College, and now holds
a responsible position with the Pacific
Mail Company. Miss MeDermott is the
daughter of Bernard MeDermott, whose
home is at 514 Eighteenth street.
The bride-elect graduated with the class
r.f '98 from the University of California,
taking her degree as a graduate of let
ters. The wedding will take place in tho
fall and will be a quiet home affair. Mis.s
MeDermott is a very talented and popu
lar young lady.
REASONS WHY A BIG
REQUEST WAS REFUSED
TRUSTEES OF ST. IGNATIUS
COLLEGE EXPLAIN.
They Regret That They Cannot Ac-
cept the Generous Gift of the
Late Mrs. Annie Donahue.
A great deal of surprise was manifested
yesterday by the parishioners of St. Ig
natius Cathedral and by the public gener
ally that the trustees of the college
should refuse the $100,000 legacy left them
by the late Mrs. Annie Donahue, widow
of Peter Donahue, to be used in founding
and supporting- for the benefit of Catholic
young men a library to be called in mem
ory of her husband the Donahue library.
The trustees' reasons for refusing the
large bequest were pertinent, and they
decided yesterday to inform the public
through the medium of the press just
what their reasons were. The following
communication to The Call explains their
action:
ST. IGNATIUS COLLEGE,
SAN FRANCISCO, May 20, IS9S.
The Editor of the San Francisco Call-
Dear Sir: As the public have learned
through the dally press, that the late Mr.-.
Donahue bequeathed 1100,000 to St. Ignatius
College in trust to provide a free library for
the Catholic young men of San Francisco,
and that the trustees of the oollege have
refused the trust, 1 beg to be allowed to
state the reasons of this refusal.
According to the will the trustees were
for this sum to furnish a site, to put up a
suitable building:, to equip a library and
either to provide themselves for its support
or else to form a society for this purpose.
Struggling as we are for bare existence. It
is clear that we could not take upon- our
shoulders the additional burden of the sup
port of such a library, supposing- that it
could have been established for the sura
bequeathed.
The alternative of forming a society for
Its maintenance seemed equally impossible.
To such a society the testatrix bequeathed
?5000. We should, therefore, have had to
solicit further subscriptions to a consider
able amount in order to obtain a capital of
which the income would be sufficient to de
fray the expenses of the library. This would
be to divert the funds necessary for our own
long-established work to a new one, which,
though most excellent in Itself, could not
have such claims upon our care. I
We deeply regret that the condition of :
our affairs forbade us to undertake this
charge so closely connected with the work
of education in which we are engaged, and
we hear with unfeigned satisfaction that
Mrs. Donahue's benevolent intentions are
not likely to be frustrated, but that • the
Most Reverend Archbishop will In all prob
ability assume the trust Yours respect
fully, J. P. FRIEDEN, S. J.,
President Board of Trustees of St. Ignatius
College.
■ » ■
Services at St. Patrick's.
The Feast of Pentecost will be celebrat
ed at St. Patrick's Church this morning
with, solemnity. There will be solemn
high mass at 11 o'clock, 'at which one of
the Redemptorist Fathers will preach the
sermon. The music for the occasion will
bo specially attractive. Mlllard's cele
brated "Mass in G." as arranged by the
organist of the church. Miss Mary Short,
will be sung by the full choir. Sopranos,
Miss Etta M. Welch and Miss Frances
Hausman; contraltos. Miss Genevieve M.
Sullivan and Miss Rose Kelly; tenors. Ar
thur Messmer, T. J. O'Brien and John
O'Brien; bassos, L. Albert Larson and
Albert J. Dickson. The solos will be sus
tained as follows: "Qui Tollis," Miss E.
M. Welch: "Genitum non Faetum,"
Miss G. M. Sullivan: "Et Tnoarnatus est,"
Arthur Messmer: "Kyrie," L.. A. Larsen.
Rossini's "O Salutaris" will be sung at
the offertory by. Miss E. Welch, Arthur
Messmer and L. A. Larsen. The mission
l for the married men which has been in
progress during the past week will close
at 3 o'clock. The mission for the young
I men of the parish will commence at 7:."i0
' o'clock this evening and will end the fol
lowing Sunday. The exercises this even
ing will consist of short instruction, ros
j ary, sermon and benediction of the Dless
ed sacrament. The exercises will be the
same each evening throughout the week.
There will be a mission mass every morn
ing at 5:30 o'clock, followed by a sermon,
and a mission mass again at 9 o'clock,
followed. by a sermon also.
■ ♦ ■
Sunset District Entertainment.
The members of the Cooper Memorial
Congregational Church, Ninth avenue and
IF street. Sunset district, gave a
successful musical and literary entertain
ment and ice cream social last Friday
evening. The hall was crowded and the
numbers on the programme wen well re
ceived. The success of the affair was due
t.j the efforts of the following ladles,
members of the church: Mrs. Emma
! Harrington, Mrs. Kate Jones, Mrs. George
: 11. Makinson, Mrs. R. Tompkiris. Mrs.
i Moldrup and Mis* Marguerite Betz.
SOCIETY HAS
AN INNING IN
ST. SURE'S COURT
Pin-Holes and Grease
Spots Involved.
BANCROFT VS. HAMILTON
STAINS THAT WERE MADE BY
CHAMPAGNE OR BEER.
A Fashionable Whist Party and a
Maggoty Mouse Cut an Im
portant Figure in the
Case.
ALAMEDA, May 20.— Society had an in
ning to-day in Recorder St. Sure's court.
Questions involving' fashionable house
keeping occupied his Honor's attention.
The title of the case to which was at
tached so much that was important in
society circles was Sarah Bancroft vs.
Robert Hamilton. The plaintiff is the
wife of H. P. Bancroft, the head of a
school supply house in San Francisco, and
the defendant is a member of the firm of
Baker & Hamilton.
From the evidence it appeared that a
fashionable whist party was at the bot
tom of the whole trouble. The Hamil
tons came to Alameda to spend the win
ter months, and rented, furnished, the
home of Mrs. Bancroft, 1427 San Antonio
avenue. Mrs. Bancroft sued for $97 al
leged damages to the premises during
the Hamilton occupancy. Three broken
glasses, a smashed Mexican plaque, a
binful of coal left at the house for safe
keeping 1 and a missing bed comforter were
important items in the bill of particulars,
while grease spots on the carpets and
nail holes in the plastering were matters
of contention. There was weighty argu
ment as to whether certain stains on the
dining-room walls were made by spark
ling champagne or bubbling beer, and as
there was no expert testimony on the
subject the matter was left to the Judge.
The courtroom was comfortably tilled
with an audience representing society
circles of both sides of the bay. The
plaintiff, wearing a bonnet resplen
dent with yellow flowers and spangled
feathers, gave her testimony with much
positiveness and a decided touch of feel
ing.
"That binful of coal," she said, "was a
present from a former tenant, who paid
$4 for it, and Mr. Hamilton used it all
I up." Mr. Hamilton denied the impeach
'■ ment, and added weight to his statement
i by the assertion that he never built the
! morning tires.
Mrs. Bancroft described in detail 500
, pin holes in the walls of the spare room.
i for which Bhe made a charge of less than
1 cent per hole. The plastering in the
front room, she asserted, was frescoed
with pins, spikes and tacks.
When she told of the stains on the din
ing-room tinting she frankly admitted
that they were made by champagne, and
was apparently proud that she had had
tenants who could afford the luxury.
However, her husband was not inclined
to allow the defendant any such distinc
tion. ,
"The stains were made l>y beer. he
paid, and he curled his upper lip and ele
vated his nose toward the courtroom
ceiling. Mrs. Bancroft closed her testi
mony with a broadside aimed at Mrs.
Hamilton's reputation as a housekeeper.
"When I leased that house." she said,
"there was not a spoonful of dirt in it.
When they relinquished possession it was
simply awful. I never was In a dirtier
place in my life. I could write my name
in the dust all over the house, and In
the kitchen I found a trap containing a
maggoty mouse."
Mr. Bancroft went on the stand as an
expert on tlower gardens and expressed
the opinion that his wife's tenant had
attempted to raise a crop of hay on the
front lawn.
Captain J. S. Hanley, commodore of the
Encina] Yacht Club, was introduced to
give a professional opinion on grease
spots, and Colonel J. C. Bullock, county
expert, gave testimony on the value of
nail holes.
The defense offered much evidence to
show that the house had been well cared
for. Even the Chinese cook. Ah Charley,
was r.ady to testify that he had swept
it until his back ached. Mrs. Hamilton
explained how the trouble originated.
"When we were ready to give up the
premises," she said, "I sent for Mrs.
Bancroft to cheek off the inventory. 1
knew a few trifling things had been
brokt!i and I wanted to pay her for them.
She replied she had to attend a fash
ionable whist party and could not come.
That shows what kind of a business wo
man she is."
"Judge, I must reply to that!" shrieked
the plaintiff, jumping to her feet and ap
proaching the witness.
•'Sit down!" firmly commanded his
Honor, and the case proceeded.
Mrs. Alice M. Garrison- mother of Mrs.
Hamilton, insisted that her daughter was
a model housekeeper, and in this she was
corroborated by Miss Lillian Garrison,
Miss Anna Graves and Miss Fanny Ar
nold.
Judge St. Sure took the case under ad
visement and will probably consult with
several prominent society housekeepers
before he renders a decision.
An Aged Policeman Dies.
Harrison Moran died at his residence,
227 Duncan street, early yesterday morn
ing from a stroke of paralysis. He was
retired from tho police force last April
owing to incompetency. after serving
nineteen years. For a long time he was
stationed on Stanyan street, and was
well known to the frequenters of the park,
lie was 57 years of age.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR
ONLY.
Froo Trial Package of This New Discovery
Mailed to Every Man Sending Name
and Addres£— Quickly Restores
Strength and Vigor.
Fre» trial packages of a most remarkable
remedy are being mailed to all who will write
the State Medical Institute. They cured so
m.'my men who had battled for years against
the mental and physical suffering of lost man-
hood that the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It Is a
home treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting from
youthful folly, premature loss of strength and
memory, weak back, varlcocele <-• relation
of parts can now cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful rfTect
of warmth and seems to act direct to the de-
sired location, giving strength and development
just -where It is needed. It cures all the ills
and troubles that come from years of misuse
of the natural funrtions and has been an ab-
solute success in all cases. A request to the
I State Medical Institute. 743 First National
! Bank building. Fort Wayne. '•><!., stating that
you desire one of their free trial packages, will
j be complied with promptly. The Institute Is
desirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treated
and the free sample will enable them to see
; how easy It 13 to be cured of sexual weakness
I when the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man who
j writes will be sent a free sample, carefully
I sealed In a plain package, so that Its recipient
; need have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
h' 'tv. Readers are requested to writs without
i delay.
— ADVERTISEMENTS. . ;_..." '.
6 i /P\ a g ■» eh f\ 99
"CALTHOS"
Prof. Laborde's Marvelous French Cure for Lost Manhood.
FIVE DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
. Sent Absolutely Free by Sealed Mail To All Sufferers.
fflmmMmaL NO C. 0. D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
Si^^!^^^^^ The only preparation known to science which really
m^' ■-; ■■'*£imHßtm jf^y^ cures Lost Manhood is "CALTHOS," the marvelous
■K^v^'-V^l^^MB &&^i&. ' French remedy discovered by Prof. Jules Laborde. It is
i IBk^^&ISKESR (« '-x V controlled in this country by The Yon Mohl Company, of
BM^v^B^l / ""« a, tt • Cincinnati, Ohio, a concern which occupies a high and
StcJMlEv'^i^wßSb A v y honorable place in the world of medicine. It is one of the
t !:ifjStfffi33B' N largest and most responsible houses in Cincinnati, a*
| Wp^^"" ~"~ r \Z ' S-^ anyone who is acquainted in that city will testify.
Wisffifflss/ » >Th The Yon Mohl Company invites all men suffering
mvi'iSJiMMW /[ //A from Lost Manhood, Spermatorrhoea, Varicocele, Small
K»" : '«*^K - 5r AS^ II Parts or Weakness of any nature in the Nerves or Sexual
Ws&i&W /CttO "^sJlliir Organs, to send their names and receive a five days' treat*
fIKWiiWY iftflS#«/ //, \\\ ratal. This will prove the wonderful vitalizing powers
 $$&%$-/// I\\\ of "CALTHOS." After using it five days the sufferers
2S'^-'" : * \s£i&*'^ // 1 BIV I v ' !l n(^ new v 'S or in their organs, new force in their
! HsFSS^'sl WHv^^/ *lv\ muscles, new blood in their veins, new ambition, and
1 SSSgfci&ii R^V^^L-^^Vl ' rapid progress toward the buoyant feelings and sensa-
I^^K^A i^y// 1 ! \ A l tions of younger days.
ifKj &37A W \i 1 \\\ This liberal free offer is genuine. There is no swind«
ißk.'.'M ,YJ \\ /, \l ling CO. D. or Deposit Scheme connected with it. The fiv«
|H3?/^W«.\ V V II \\ days' treatment is sent by sealed mail to all on request,
EH?Ps&'s-Kft ' 111 I- wrapped in a plain package, and full printed instructions
■K'!V.^ : ''!ii. : : : -;as^ N '/ \ accompany the medicine, so that each patient becomes
mSH iij ll\\\v his own doctor and cures himself at home.
glil^ffift&iif 1 \ <!/ It doesn't make any difference what caused the weak-
WMJBrA.\-~wSvf | L — ? -<-* . ness— whether bad habits in youth, or excess, or over-
BBafrVvfr-y-iW /^T^ \ work, or business troubles. "CALTHOS" will effect a
i ■E9bVv)%Xj» lx : \ \ cure, no matter what big name the disease may be called
flb^&'JsiS /F^\ The Yon Mohl Company treats all correspondence ia
B^B^"->fflBi aHcja perfect confidence. Under no conditions will it make
fmSa:'}'-''^»Bm «Hlfs'-l public the names of the thousands who have written tes-
m&S&Xr&'lßßß ' /MBtssl&\ i i timonials telling of their restoration to robust manhood
il^B&vVV'&fl^V Jb^AW'v '/ after other medicines and appliances have proved worth-
HPs%]Ba 3B&, V A less - "CALTHOS" is regularly used in the French and
■il'y^JHM H9 / /' German armies, and the soldiers in those countries have
H9§fi"'-!& : ist*ia 9siv I /& come to be perfect models of strength and vitality. Cures
]^K'" : "i'JHfi 'l BBSui A&i are effected at all ages from twenty to eighty years. There
Pro'"'- Jfgffis! t^Km/ A*%;" * s no case except where the stage of epilepsy or insanity
■il^mffi TTWtr I W'^ : has been reached; which it will not radically, quickly and
W3p£iiSßlß£ iSjßr \ ►i : -'''sS v permanently cure. Sexual weakness does not cure itself.
Tw^r^^i l^^\ V £*$•&*>**. II grows worse from week to week, Each day aggravates
rtfc&Nf I V Y^tfeS-^-.-y^ the mental and physical anguish.
V»i»\\ >-o Send today for the free five days' trial treatment. If it
ii/^ helps you, more of the medicine can be purchased. If it
■ does not help, no barm is done and no money has been paid out. You can send vourname in
I the full knowledge that it will be kept from all. The " CALTHOS " department of our business
is strictly confidential. Address applications for trial treatment, etc., to
THE YON MOHL COMPANY, 864 B, Cincinnati, 0. ! pre^S^nVM? un° f t£ ta 8
i »—
BAILBOAD TBAVJEL. \
KOI Til I. |-4UH( cuiirAST.
(PAOIFIO BVNTKM.)
Tralna lenft niid m-» «lv*> to i»rrl»e at ;
• M» Jt'KAMC'INt'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — FKOif May 7,1899. — arriti
7:OOa. Benlcia, Snisuu an.l Sacramento. . . . 5:45p
7s«»Oa Marysviile, OroTllleaml Itoddiiigvia
Wo..dlaud 5:45p
7:OO v Elmira, Vacavillo and ltunisey S:43p
7:»i».v Martinez, Sanltamon.Vallejo, Napa,
CalhtogaamlSauta Uoja 6:15p
8:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogden and F.aat.. 8:45p ;
»::««a Sun .lo«o, LiTermore, Stockton,
lone, riaeraiin-iito, riacerTille,
Murygrill,., C'hico, ICe'UCIuIT -l:1.1p
8:»Oa •Milton. Oakdaloand H0n0ra...'.... 4:15p
0:OOa llaywarda, Nilta and W.iy Stations. 11:43 a ,
9:00 a. Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
M<:rc:d end Fresno -■ 12:1
St<M»A Fresno, Uakerßlielil. Santa Itirliarn.
Los Arjgcles, Demicg, Xl I'aso,
New Orleans and East 6:45p
I O:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43»
1 1 :OOa Ilaj-nurds, Kilcs and Way Statins, a:43»
12:UUm Nilcs, Llvennore, .Stock riacra-
ni'.'uto, Metidota, Haafotd, Visalia,
Pcrterville l:l»p
■l:l»Oi> Sacramento lUrerStenraen "S:O«p
3:00 - HaywarJs, Nilcs and Way Stations. a:4sp
«:«>«i" Martinez, Ran lUiiiO:i, Vallejo,
Map*, Ualistogit, Santa Uosa !>sl3a
4i«»i- Bcnicia, Va.cavi!lo, Sacramento,
Woodland, JCi.ights Landing.
MarysTlllp, Ororllle 10:43*
4:3opNilea, Ran Joso and Stockton 7:15*
. 4:! tOr Yoscmita Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13p
5:O0p Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:15p
B:OOp Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojito ami I .us Ausalea Bs43a
SiOOp Santa Vo Itnute. Atlantic Impress
rot Mojava ami K:i.Ht C:43p
6:OOp Tho Owl. Fresno, Baktrafield, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles...:. 8:43 i :
«:O«i- European Mail, Ogdun ami Kast.... 0:4.1 a. i
O:OOp Hay wards, Niies and San Joso 7: 13a
•0:001- Valiejo 1 2:13 p :
7:O»i> Oregon ]'!i|irpiu,Macranieutu ( Maryu-
ville, ltvil.lii: . Portlaml, Ingot
Hiiimdnn.l Bust 7i43a
$*:OOp Valiejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions t'O^OF
(OAST DIVISION (Sarroir <;iius;e).
< (Foot of Market Street.) ' y
{7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Station* JS:O3»
S:l3a Newark, Ceutervillc,.SanJose,Felton,
m&8& Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz aud Way
•Stations 5:3O» !
•2t 13p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *1O:3OA
4:13p Sun Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions »:20a
&4:13 - Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tions . /0:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromStl FaiNCISCO— Foot e f Mirket Street (Slip —
•7:16 f.-OO l!:O0A.M. 11:00 *2:03 13:00 :
•4:00 ' «:00 *6:00 i".M.
from OiXUSD— root or Bro»iw«j.—'fi:oo 8:00 10:00*. H. ;
tl2:00 «I:QQ- t2:CO *3:C3 ti:C3 '3:03 i-.M.
COAST IUVISION (nroa.ir.auco).
(Third nnd Townaeml St?.) '
•6:1 Ocean View, South San Francisco.. *G:3op
•7:OOa San Jose nn.l Way Btetlolia (New
Alinndeii Wednesdays only) 1:!IO»
}7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, P;icifi? Grove and
Principal Way Stations !»:33p
8:00 a Hail Jaw, Tr«-8 Pinosi. S;mta Cruz,
Pacilio Orore, Paao UoMea. Shu
Luis Olilgpu. Guadalupe, Surf and
Piiuciiial Wiiy .SUl.luus 4:lOp
1O:4Oa Sail Jose Way Stations '8:00 a
11<30a San Jose and Way .Stations 5:U0»
•2>43i' San Mat?o, Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, .Sun Jose,
Qilroy, Holliater, Saute Crux,
Salinas, Monterey ami Pacific
Grove •io:3oa
•.•lißOr San Josa and Way Station* *O:OOa
•4rlsi- San Joaoand Principal Way Stations 9:13* .
•3:00p San Joso and Principal Way Station* 6:.'{3 a
3:3Oi'SanJ.iso mid Principal Way Stations "S:3."»A
o:.'JOp San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
t11:4.->p San Joan ami Way Stations " 7:: top
A for Morning. Pfor Aftenmon.
• Bunday exeepted. t Sunday only/ Saturday only.
tSatuiday and Sunday /Sunday and Monday.
A Superb Train
4Sj3fl^ EVERY DAY IK THE YEAR
fIBSJ' Union Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE. .
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS j
"WITH BARBER SHOP. .
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
. PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 3% DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco dally .at 6 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
No. l' Montgomery street. San Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIif
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S. ISS9, trains will run as follows;
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday per.
Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Daily.
7:20 am! 10 :3G am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
• :10 am! 2:05 pm ■ Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm. Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:46 pm Hanford 7:4:. am 1:46 pm
*:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleid 2:00 am 11:00 am
U:S* ami 6:25 pm. Vlsalla 6:40 ami 1:22 pra |
12:15 pmi 6:53 pmi x Tulare 6:50 am 1:05 pm j
Stopping at Intermediate points aa. required.
For particulars of stage and other connection* j
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market I
xtreet. San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIti SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1»9»,
WEEK DAYS— a. m. and 1:45 L m.
Extra trip on Monday. . Wednesday anil Satur-
day at 6:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. S. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:30
and 4 p. m.
Fare. 8. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Acts.. 621 Market st. I
RATLROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 -p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at l:st
and 11:80 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. IM,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
1:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I Arrive
San Francisco. • In Effect San Francisco.
_ 1 April 18, • — m
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. j Days.
7:30 am S:00 am Novato, 0:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petalunia. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 i-im. 5:00 pm ! Santa Iv.;sa. 7:35 prn| 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
A Geyserville,
B:3o*pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pmi 6:20 pra
7:30 am Hopland and j 10: 25 am
8:30 pmj 8:00 am; Ukiah. ; 7:35 pm, 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
] 8:00 am Quernevllle. 7:35 pmj
3:30 pm j 6:20 pm
7:30 am S:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am .Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Panhedrin Heights, Hullville,
Booneville, Philo. Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, WhiteFboro, Albion, Little • River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal, Willitts. Laytonville, Cum.
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
■ Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. S'.O Market St., Chronicle bids.
H C W,HITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agent,
California
Limited
Santa fe Romfe
Connecting Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives in Chicago at 9:52 A.M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at I:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is in Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO lICRETIfTICE— Xl MARKET ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN ;531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 23l J Street.
San Jose Offioe— 7 "West Santa Clara St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saosalite Ferry.
CommenciKC April "i. 1»99.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALI .".
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •8:00, *9:30. 11:00 a. m. ;
•1:45. 3:20, 4:00. r .5, »6:00, •-.Zti p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sund. vs. at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS -»8: •9:00 'IO^O. 11:00 11:30
a. m.: 1:00. *1:45. '2:30. '4:00, 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does ;.ot run to S'n Raf'i Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qientln.
FROM SAN RA AF,L TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, '6:40 7:55, 8:40. •a:3t>
a. m.; 12:30. 2:45, •? ■ 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 : 1 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, «8:00, »9:45, »10:45. '11:43
a. m., 1:00. 2:20, »3:30. '5:15. '6:oc. 7:00. 10:13
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50, 7:55. 8:55. 10:33
a. m.: 12:35. 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday!
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
1:20. 2:40, 3:55. 5:30. o:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — CazaHero and war sta'ns.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays — and way sta'ns.
6:13 p. m. week days (Saturdays exeepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
S:0O a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Pt. Reyes and way sta'ni.
fga ri tB Big "Is a non-rmsonorn
x<"j&H^P^^^kx& rerue.iy for Gonorrhoea,
MVCC^EtW Gleet, Spermatorrhoea!
£SfW 'n Ito 5 >y». «3 Whites,' unnatural Hi*!
oW Onar«nte»J |jj charges, or any inflamma*
P*m aat to |t * lore. . tion, irritation or ulcer*,
P* JPrertau '•agion. . tion of mucous mem-
KTlthfEvansChemtvOo. branea. Non-astringent.
«AciNCINNATI,O fBSR * Qld toy »* r «KS«IA«
0 11^ H ir sent in plain wrapper,
JUtli- •vftfVa ■" express, prepaid, foi
■'^aESfSS?* 9 ! 51.00, or 3 bottloa, i 2.76.
V ■ Circular iwt on ntscA
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THH
. great Mexican remedy; gives health an*
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market
1516
CRICKLTERS` SCORES
CONSUMED IN FLAMES
Californias Will Meet Last Year's
Champions at Alameda
To-Day.
The newly organized California team
won its first match. last' Sunday :•
the Pacifies, who certainly seemed to
have the stronger eleven. To-day the
Californias will meet the Alameda
eleven. The. representatives of the Cali
fornia Club will be chosen on the ground
from the following: II. H. Cookson, E. G.
Sloman, A. Dickenson, A. D. Reynolds. I
J. D. Carr, G. C. -Forrall. R. B. Jones, W. I
Reeves, V. Seebeck, A. Willis, J. C. Rob- j
ertson, L. S. hroed. r, E. T. Randall, F.
M. ...inn. W. R. Williams and H. S. Wig
gins. The Alameda representatives will
l.. J. J.. Moriarty, G. J. Baugh. J. H.
Saunders, J. J. It. Peel, F. Croll, B. Bird,
IF. Si. .hi. F. C. Driffield, W. '•■ Portman,
(.'. Banner and H. Ward.
Tli.- Mountain Copper Company Cricket
Club of Keswick, Shasta County, has just
suffered a serious loss. During the first
of th recent tires 1 hat have taken place
around Keswick all the property of the I
club was destroyed. However, a com- (
munication has been sent to Penryn, ask
ing if any cricket gear can be obtained j
from the Citrus Colony Club. The Kes
wick cricketers have played four matches
this season, the two most Important of j
which were against Shasta County, the
Keswick men proving victorious in both.
It is. however. Impossible to furnish the I
scores, as. all the records perished in the
flames. The club now lias twenty-eight
ordinary an.l seven honorary members.
Among the former are R. N. Truman, H.
C. Casidy and T. W. G. Wallace, all of
whom were well-known city cricket .?r*.
Next Sunday there will be a married
■versus single match on the Alameda
ground. It has been customary for some
years past for a city team to visit Placer
County during the Decoration day holi
days, but this year the Citrus Colony j
men have not been heard from.
The latest additions to the Pacific are
F. Coles. W. Clark and J. T. Bickendike.
'I'll.* club has now thirty members. At
the opening of the season the California
Club had twenty-eight members, *... whom
have since i..-. added 1-2. T. Randall, E. :
H. Aitken. .7. C. Farrell, V. Seebeck, A.
Willis, I.. Schroeder, J. D. Robertson and I
H. Coles. In point of numbers the Ala
meda club is weakest. At the opening of
the season it had twenty-six names on
its st. but of these Edward Brown is on
is way to England, R. B. Hogue has ■
■■one t.i Australia and V. SeebeelsL has I
joined the Californias. leaving only "twen
ty-three on tin- active list.
■ m .
CRACK SWIMMERS WILL
CONTEST AT SUTRO'S
Ihe following are the entries for the
swimming tournament which will be held
this Sunday afternoon at Sutro Baths:
50-yard dash, novice— A. B*yfusß, J. Carroll,
T5. Emerlck, H. Hertford, H. McKenzle, E.
MeKenzle.
50-yard dach. Juvenile— Hurley, O. Bey
fuss, T. Guerin, W. Connolly, C Donovan, G.
Clough.
High divii . for boys— G. Cane, \Y. Hoffman,
C. • Ui'z. D. Harris, M. Sullivan, I: B^d
for.l.
Tub race, three prizes; first prize, three
points: second prize, two points; third prize
one point— H. Htelljos, C Augustus, <;. Cane,
K. Beyer, O. Ehrman, VV. Yarrow, E Wells
\V. Phillips, C. Schwartz, A, Beyfuss.
Trick anil fancy spring-board diving— Win
field. F. Duran. K. Clough, C. Strohlin, W.
Hurley, C. Donovan.
Trapeze nd high diving by Professor O.
Schulte and A. J. Baker.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
liUifSUn bCnsis
EXPELLED BY
Cyficora Resolvent
Greatest of Blood Purifiers
and Humor^Ciiies.
That is to cay, it purifies the blood and circu-
lating fluids of nuaoRQEr.MS, and thus removes
the caune, while warm baths v.ith'CL'TicUßA
Boap, aiiti gentle anointings with Oiticura (oint-
ment), greatest of tmolli''nt skin cure*, cleanse
the akin and ecalp of crusts and scales, allay
itching, banting, and Icflaiaoiat! n, and soothe
and heal. Thus are speedily, permanently, and
economically cured the moat torturing, disfigur-
ing, and humiliating humors of the skin, scalp,
and blood, with loss of hnir, when the beet phy-
sicians and all other remedies fail.
TETTER ON HAPS GORED
I had been troubled with tetter for several
years. At times ray hand would ba all over,
so that I could not use them at all, und were so
tender that clear water, even, amart< d likt< lire,
and it spread over arm*, neck, and face. I had
been troated by physicians, but without benefit,
when I began the Olticuka remedies. I round
relief be/ore I had taken thefirrt bottle. I used
three or four bottles of CCTICOB* Hedoi.vent,
, one cake of Cuticura Boav, and one box of
Cuticuiia (ointment), and it has never troubled
me since. ELLA CL'KZOX,
March 10, 1605. Bpplngbam, 111.
BLOOD FOOT CURED
One of my children ran a rusty nail into his
foot, which was most painful. i;,-> blood got
out of order, and sores broke out en hie hands
and feet. I gave him one bottle of Ct;ticura
Resolvent oiid in,"d one cake of Cuticujia
Soap, and the child recovered.
March 15, '98. Mes.J.S. PUKES, ::;irkbam, Fla.
EVERLASTIKG ITCHING
I have bc?n troubled with an CTarlaaliug itching
and burning of the akin on ray fr.ee, I was pre-
vailed upon to try CuTICBIU remedies. The re-
sult was simply wonderful. In one week after
using the CrTi. ■■::.■. Soap and OuTicrnA HtSOL-
TEST fwa-i entirely rid of •■'. and my skin is in a
healthy condition. 1). n. VAN OLAFIN, .
721 Stockton St.. San Francisco, Cal.
Bold tironphout the world. Pom;;: D. a-d C.Coep..
Bole I'ropi., Boi^jn. How to Cure Every Ilunor, tree.
SAVE YOUR SIUII nan<l! tad Ktir by «ics
wHVu iUUtI Ou!F4 Ccricrai. Soap.
Painless Dentistry.
/sjfri^iS/3i| SEE OUR NEW
Flesh = Colored
|[pA 1^ Cannot be detected from
lsM*\ Ug the natural teeth and gum.
Wl V ' %r thin and stronger than
rubber.
Crowns, $3.."»0. Plates, 95. Filling. 5Uc.
ALL, WORK WARRANTED.
-CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth at., Cor. Stevenson.
B^ ■UL-ihiiLKiif.lJJh!tiKidrT'WfWl < 7iMLii l i ■ Jw^B^^Bi
FIELD OF SPORT
WILL ROW AT EL
CAMPO IN JUNE
First Open Regatta of the Season Will
Include Some Novel
Events.
At a meeting held on Wednesday even
ing of the regatta committee of the Pacific
Association .if the Amateur Athletic
Union representatives of all the rowing
clubs except the Alamedas and South
Ends were present. The purpose of the
meeting was to consider an offer made to
tlie committee by the management of Xl
i 'ami). i for a regatta to lie given on the
third Sunday In Jt:n- . The regatta com
mittee decided to accept the offer, mak
ing a suggestion that Sunday, June 25,
should h,. the day for the event, aa the
dat< will give the clubs a week's
more time for preparation. The far. t..
and from Hi Campo will lie :>i> cents. Four
races at least were settled on— senior and
ir four-oared bargt . and senior and
junior outrigged skiff events. The Collow
rents wer< also suggested and will
probably be added to the programme:
Water polo, Whitehall race for schoolboys
.•.::<! li.;r_e races between representatives
of the schools and colleges. Prizes will be
awarded i:; all cVI ntS and winners Will be
permitted to procure whatever trophies
they desire provid d that the laws the
Amateur Athletic Union are not Infringed.
Hitherto there lias been only -one rep -,- :
tive from each rowing club on the
regatta committee, but it has been decid
ed thai tiiier representatives from each
club shall have seats on the committee.
Tiie full committee will meet to-morrow
evening to Settle the details of the ESI
Campo regatta, which will be one of the
!ms> days of aquatic sport ever held there.
New members are c imlng into the Ala
meda Boal Club so rapidly that for the
future an initiation fee "f $2 50 will be re
quired. The plans laid before the mem
for '.)!• enlargement and improve
ment of tlii. boathouse did not meet with
full approval and some modifications will
be Introduced. A club regatta, including
boat races, swimming, tub racing and
other events will be given on the en ■ k
■in Borne open Sunday in June.
The South Ends propose to give a dub
regatta atafaong Bridge on Sunday. June
11. by which time the handball court will
!••■ ready for play. A. Rogers has laid
the keel of the new South Knd 1
which is to be ready ":i July ].
Ladlet.' tailor-made suits, fur cape?, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Butter, rooms U-7.
■ « ♦ ■
An Anniversary Ball
t-aio «.iia i ircie -no. ,yzv oi tne uompan
lone of the Forest of America, which has
a !;iree and most Interesting membership,
celebrated th<- first anniversary of its In
stitution last Thursday night by a ball In
Union-square Hall. The function was
under the direction of Harry Levison
Miss Kittle Aaron. Krnil Knhn. Miss
Gertrude Berliner, Maurice Bapheld, Miss
Carrie Harris and Leon Pinkson. Maurice
Rapheld was the floor manager and Miss
Pauline Aaron his assistant.
WILL BOX FOR THE
COAST CHAMPIONSHIP
JacK McDonald of the Olympic Club Will Meet
E. Johnson of Portland, Or., on Wednesday
Evening at the Olyri)pic Club.
MEMBERS of the Olympic Club and sportsmen who will be so fortunate
as to witness the final boxing contests of the tournament in the Olympic
Kymnusium next Wednesday evening will see a. championship bout be
tween "Jack" McDonald, the amateur champion middle-weight boxer of
California, and E. Johnson, the champion middle-weight of Oregon.
The Oregonian is a stanch representative of the Multnomah Athletic Club of
Portland, Oregon, and has a record of many clever performances in the ring
which has won him a host of friends and admirers, many of whom will be pres
ent to cheer him on to victory on Wednesday evening. McDonald is a powerful
lad, who seems to enjoy hard punching. "Jack" is considered by expert
Judges of boxing to be the best middle-weight In the country, not excepting pro
fesslonall, and in case he succeeds in whipping: the champion of the Northwest
he will be ready to meet the best amateur that New York or in fact any East
ern city can produce.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1890.
SAN RAFAEL WILL BE
A GOLFER'S PARADISE
Team Matches Have Been Arranged
Between Ladies of Oakland
and San Francisco.
The council of seven which has man
aged the affairs of the San Rafael Golf
Club during the pasl year went out of
office yesterday. It was made up of
Ki< bard A. Parker (captain). Carter P.
Pom'eroy (vice captain). P. H. Green (sec
retary), Mark L. Gerstle, John J. Crooks.
Frank S. Johnson and James 11. YVilkins.
At iln annual meeting held yesterday at
the clubhouse in San Rafael the following
were elected to serve for the coming year:
Q. I. Poiheroy, F. S. Johnson, R. A.
Park.r. J. Glim an Brown. A. W. Foster,
Mark 1.. Gerstle and F. H. Green At the
first meeting of the council after the elec
tion the councilors will elect from their
number a captain, a vice captain and a
secretary treasurer. On the foundation
ol the club the entrance fee was $10, but
before the close of 1898 it was raised to
$25. The du.-s are Jlu per annum, payable
send-annually.
The old council during its year of office
was busily employed in securing land for
tiie links, laying out the course, getting
it into condition for play, putting up a
clubhouse and doing the necessary prelim
inary work. A temporary course of nine
holes has hitherto been used for practice.
but the eighteen-hole course ami all the
greens will be ready for play on June 5.
An instructor's house has been built,
which will be occupied by T. \V. Tetley.
who got back from Southern California
last Monday. It will comprise living
r<'oins and a repair shop. A rustic dining
room, large enough to seat forty-eight
persons, has been added on to the club
,house. It is no arranged that in warm
weather it can be entirely open at the
sides, while in cold weather it can be
inclosed. The new council, with the aid
of the instructor, will prepare a schedule
of events for the summer.
The regular programmes of the Oak
land and San Francisco clubs were prac
tically concluded yesterday; but the
ladies of the two dubs have arranged to
hold a series of tournaments to be con
ducted on the same plan as the home-and
home matches between 'the men. A
trophy has been procured, and matches
will be played on the links of the two
clubs alternately once or twice a month
during the summer. The first of the
series of matches will be held to-morrow
on the Adams Point links. The game will
be a nine-hole one and there will be at
least t'-n ladies on each side.
• ♦ •
"Pegamoid" sold, latest, best, perfect paint:
sample bottle 25a Pegamoid. 63 Chronicle bldg.*
■ ♦ ■
Justice Cook Injured.
Justice oi the- Peace Cook, whilr walk-
Ing down the stairs in the City Hall from
the first to the second floors yesterday
afternoon missed bis footing and fell. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
where a lacerated wound in his eyebrow
was stitched and dressed.
WHERE STRIPED BASS
ARE VERY PLENTIFUL
Anglers Who Have Taken the Game
§ Fishes by Trolling From a
Sail Boat— Trout Fishing.
Anglers have been enjoying very pleas
ant outings on Lake Lagunitas during
the past week. On Thursday last a party
composed of A. Decourtioux, John Ker
, gez, John Siebe, John Lemmer, Dr. Mur
ray of San Rafael, John Butler and James
; Watt enjoyed first class trout fishing.
| Bergez lost a beautiful trout rod, it is
.-aid. owing to carelessness, but fortunate
ly John Lemmer, who was with Bergez
at the time the rod suddenly disappeared,
, recovered "the whip" from the bottom
1 of the lake by means of a grapple which
he constructed out of a few large hooks
which he discovered in a book that was
used in olden days when Lemmer was a
salmon fisherman.
The rod was seen on the bottom of the
clear water lake and after several at- I
: tempts tc fasten the grapples to the reel I
, it was finally landed on terra lirma. much j
i to the joy of its owner, who did not hesi
\ tate to open a bottle of Sonoma County
ink on the recovery of his favorite bam
j boo. Lemmer Is authority for the state
ment that a steelhead which happened
into the lake during one of the high win
, ter Hoods struck the little spinner which
Bergez was using at . the time and
i "walked off" with the Leonard fly caster,
which was not in the hands of the a*ngler
i when danger was near. Bergez will re
main by his rod in future when angling
for trout.
Butler did not catch anything larger
than an imaginary striped bass, which he
says afforded him much pleasure while
sleeping off the effects of an immense
, luncheon under the shade of a greenwood
tree. In an attempt to land the imagin
ary hsh Butler opened his little eyes in
; astonishment when he felt the cold moun
i tain water of the lake running into his
roe-colored boots, and then shouted "Save
me, John! Save me!"
Owing to the high winds that have pre
vailed for some weeks past the anglers
w.io visited Pilarcitos Lake returned dis
; gusted with their luck. Last Saturday
night two sport-lovers who were driving
to the lake met with an accident which
! fortunately ended with the smashing of
; a buggy. f When driving over the moun
; tain at night the horse made a misstep
and carried the conveyance and its oc
: cupants over a steep embankment. The i
, anglers and the horse escaped uninjured
but the wagon was badly disfigured.
Striped bass fishing has been fairly
. good during the week in the vicinity <<(
I the Oakland Long Bridge, but the strong
winds made angling anything but a pleas- i
! ure.
Several points in , the bay . have been
1 prospected by local anglers for the highly
prized bass since their arrival in the la"
--i goons and" estuaries has been made
known to the fraternity, but not until |
very recently have their whereabouts i
; been discovered by those who use the rod
and line solely for their capture. The net
fishermen have been catching large '
quantities of bass for some time along i
the bay shores between San Pablo and
Rodeo, and although local angelrs have
given the matter but very little atten
tion The Call can say and without fear
of contradiction that some of the resi
dents of Vallejo and Martinez have been
enjoying excellent sport trolling for li
king of Anadromous fishes between An
gel Island and Point Richmond.
Dr. Mulligan of Martinez and Edward
Colright are two of the successful and
painstaking anglers who "caught on" to
the real thing in striped bass fishing a
few weeks ago, and they are only too
anxious that their brothers of the angle
may share the pleasures and enjoyments
of real good sport. The fishes -can be
taken by trolling from a sailboat. It ap
pears that the bass is an exceedingly shy
fish and will dash away from the slight
est noise or splash, consequently a row
boat is not recommended for this kind of
sport.
The lislirs arc exceedingly plentiful in
the vicinity of Point Richmond and Red
Rock, and several large bass have been
caught by. the gentlemen already -men
tioned during the past month. A large
spoon spinning at least fifty yards from
the boat and tolerably deep in the water
has proved a very successful lure Dr
Mulligan contends that a tight line must
be kept on the fish when it strikes and
that the least slack during the time the
fish is making a fight for liberty will
prove fatal to the angler. The doctor lost
several fish while trolling for bass but
he succeeded, however, in landing quite
a few "whoppers." Local anglers who
are in quest of sport can now find the
pastime they have been so long anticipat
ing by engaging a good sized sailboat and
paying a visit to Point Richmond and
Red Rock.
Anglers and sportsmen will be delighted
to learn that the popular sportsman and
all-round good fellow. John H. Sammi of
this city, is a candidate for Fish and
Game Commissioner. It goes without say
ing that if the Governor will appoint Mr.
Sammi a member of the commission the
sportsmen and anglers of the city and
county will have cause to rejoice, as there
are none among .the handlers of the gun
and the rod in the State who have a bet
ter and more extensive knowledge of the
fish and game question than the gentle
man named. Protection to fish and game
will be Sammi's fight first, last and all the
time. His appointment is earnestly de
sired by those who have an interest es
pecially in the welfare of the game birds
and animals of the State, which, like the
buffalo, are fast disappearing.
The secretary of the Santa Catalina
Island Tuna Club. F. V. Rider, sends the
following communication to the sporting
editor of The Call, which is conclusive
evidence that the anglers of Southern
California are strongly in favor of pro
tection to game fishes. The writer says:
The Tuna Club will give an open rod and reel
fishing tournament at its fishing grounds, San
ta Catalina Islam], California, beginning with
the opening of the leaping tuna season, May 1
and continuing until September 1. when thirty
or more prizes in all classes will be awarded.'
The object of the tournament is to foster ana
encourage rod and reel fishing, thus securing
better sport, and to prevent the excessive
waste of came fishes that is a result of un
sportsmanlike methods.
In his annual report to the club the presi
dent will say:
"It affords me much pleasure to report that
as a result of the efforts and example of the
Tuna Club and its members unsportsmanlike
methods have to a large extent been elimi
nated from these waters. When a few years
ago one fisherman would by trolling with two
or three hand lines bring in forty or fifty yel
. lowtails, sea bass, etc.. magnificent fish - rang
ing from fifteen up to fifty pounds, which were
often towed out into the bay and thrown away,
■the same person will now, by using a light rod
be satisfied with six or eight, and as each fish
taken with the rod plays for twenty minutes
or more, the sport is greatly" increased. The
professional boatmen have heartily co-operated
In this work and now use the lightest tuna,
yellowtail and rock bass rods, lines, etc., and
the reckless, wanton waste of game fish is
rapidly becoming a thing of the past, a change
so marked that the members i f the Tuna Club
deserve the warmest congratulations from
lovers of true sport and humanitarians the
world over."
The officers of the club are:. Charles F.
Holder, president: E. L. Doran. vice
president; B. V. Rider, secretary: direct
ors—Colonel C. P. Morehouse, Dr. H. K.
Macomber and T. S. Manning.
Yesterday's Insolvent.
G. W. . Manlpy and \V. B. Fugitt of the
firm of Manley & Fugitt of Stockton, $650;
assets none.
FROM MARE ISLAND
TO NEW SAUSALITO
Yachts of the San Francisco Fleet
Will Try Bate of Sailing From
Vallejo To-Day.
Nearly the whole fleet of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club is lying at anchor off
the navy yard, and when "colors" are
made there at 8 o'clock watches and chro
nometers will be set. The starting line
for to-day's race is an imaginary line
across the channel at right angles to the
receiving ship Independence, and yachts
must strictly observe their appointed time
for crossing it. On the sail down to Sau
salito the ruK-s of the road must be con
formed with. The finishing line is an im
l aginary line drawn from a stakeboat to
| the clubhouse, which must be crossed,
leaving the stakeboat on the starboard
hand. Finishing time will be taken at the
clubhouse. John D. Spreckels' schooner
Lurline, being the largest craft in the
Meet, has to give time allowance to all
tin- other boats varying from two minutes
and thirty-nine seconds to E. A. Wiltsee's
; big schooner Aggie to nearly two hours
| to H. B. Holbrook's little We're Here. The
time allowances and times of starting
from Val!ejo are given in the following
table:
1 i Time j Start-
OWNER. ■ YACHT. Allow- ing
j ance. Time.
1
H M S 1 1 M S
H M S H M S
H. B. Hoi brook. We're Here 1.53:l_jl0:3O:OO
J. R. Savory — Juanita 1:28:1.11.1:54:56
G. T. S. White.. Will o' the Wisp 1:25:26 10:57:46
A. Sutherland... Catherine 1:20:27 11:02:45
G. D. Campbell. -Folly 1:13:30 ; 11:09:42
R. H. Morrow.. j Aeolus 1:10:35 11:12:37
T. L. Hill... Cygnus '.. 1:10:16 11:12:56
H. Dott ....Phyllis 1:03:02 11:20:10
R. S. Brldgeman Thetis 1:02:36 11:20:36
H. Goodall Ripple 47:32111:35:40
A. W. McKenzie Sappho 39:14.11:43:48
G. E. Billings... Nixie 37:47 11:43:25
W. S. Goodfellow La Paloma 35:11 11:48:01
E. C. Bartlett.. .{Frolic 33:2111:49:51
W. Pierce White Wings..... 22:57 12:00:15
E. W. Newhall.. Virginia 12.04:25
I. Gutte Chispa 16:26 12:06:46
W. N. McCarthy Ramona. ........ 13:27 12.09:45
E. A. Wiltsee.... Aggie 2:39 12:20:33
J. D. Spreckels..]Lurllne • 12:23:12
'Scratch.
Last Sunday was a blustering day on
the bay. The sloop Aeolus came down
from vallejo under reefed sail, and off
California City even dropped her peak.
There were very few yachts In the upper
I bay. The California Club's cruise to
; Quarry Cove. Angel Island, was joined
by the sloops Pactolus. Embla. Royal
Surprise and Secret. The Californias took
in eight new members at their last meet
; Ing.
The Encinal Yacht Club will hold the
opening reception of the season at their
home in Alameda next Saturday. An en
tertainment will be given in the evening
in which A. Rosborough. Harry Melville'
W. J. Hynes, YV. Kelly, tenor soloist;
\ Captain John Leale. Bert Ireland and
others will take part. The entertainment
will be followed by dancing, the music
being furnished by Hynes' orchestra. On
the Sunday following there will be a
cruise, with the visiting yachts. Com
modore J. S. Hanley has just issued his
sailling programme for the season.
The Corinthians are preparing for their
annual regatta on Decoration day. The
yachts will be divided into five classes as
folkvws: Class 1, including all boats ex
ceeding 36 feet racing length: 36-foot
class, 30-foot class, 25-foot class, and 20
--foot class. The "long course" will be
sailed by yachts in the first three classes,
the "middle course" by yachts of the 25
--i'H>t class, and the "short course" by
yachts of the 20-foot class. Yachts of the
smallest class will start at 11:45 a. m.. at
the fire of a single gun; the time of all
boats being taken at the gun fire. The
first boat to cross the line after the signal
for its class has been given will thus get
the best of the start.
The California Club will hold its annual
class flag regatta on Decoration day. and
Blossom Rock buoy will be one of the
Children's Hosiery
Commencing Monday morning at eight
o'clock we shall have on sale a special pur-
chase of children's black narrow ribbed hosiery,
guaranteed stainless, in ■
all sizes from 6 to 9
with double knees and high spliced heels
which we shall sell at the extraordinary low
price of
17V
1
A splendid article |for school and vacation
wear.
Oriental Striped
Portieres
Three yards long, 50 inches wide, fringed
top and bottom, worth $3. for
v gfgQ • v a pair
Velours
Twenty-eight inches wide; figured and plain
in national blue, copper, olive, crimson, em-
erald and reseda; suitable for mantle drapes,
piano covers, lambrequins; cushion couch and
chair coverings and all other upholstering and
drapery purposes at the very low prices of
6 c 7? c and 85c a yard.
Goods now on display in our windows.
135 to 131 Kearny St.
Ribbon
Department
SPECIAL SALE!
BUY RIBBONS NOW,
50 CARTONS (300 pieces)
2P""N ELEGANT ROMAN - STRIPE
|^^ f^ RIBBONS, so much used for
If Ladles' Belts and Neckwear,
W^ all new combinations.
These Ribbons are fully 5
Per Yard. inches in width and are
good value for 50c yard.
75 CARTONS (675 pieces) %
PLAIN TAFFETA RIBBONS,
• entirely new weave and
2^"^ very high luster. These
&^\ f^ are in the following shades :
, \ I Turquoise, New Purpies,
%m*r Greens, Light Blues, Pinks,
Cerise, Maize, Cardinal, .
Per Yard. New Blues, Lavender,
Cream, White and Black,
and are well worth 50c per
yard.
/VOTE.
On Monday, May 22, we will place
on one of our center counters
2000 REMNANTS FINE EMBROI-
DERIES, both EDGINGS and IN-
SERTINGS, in CAMBRIC, SWISS
and NAINSOOK, AT VERY LOW
PRICES.
— A
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
marks both in the Corinthian and Cali
fornia races. As the Corinthian yachts
will be running free to the buoy while the
California boats will be on the wind, the
former would have to give way to the lat
ter. But as the Corinthians have for
many years hold their races on Decora
tion "day. making the buoy ono of their
marks. ' Commodore Allen M. Clay will
issue an order directing the yachts of his
club not to interfere with the Corinthian
yachts in rounding the buoy.
. ♦ ■
Sarsfield's chronic ulcer salve is a stand
ard remedy for the cure of piles, eczema,
salt rheum, ulcers, fever sores, diseases
of the rectum, etc. All druggists. *
White Lottery flayers Arrested.
Sen Gee. keeper of a Chinese lottery den
on Broadway, and five white visitors to
his joint were arrested yesterday after
noon in a raid by Sergeant Christiansen
of the California-street police station. The
white men were laborers and gave ficti
tious names.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TRAP SHOOTING THE
SPORT OF SPORTSMEN
Grim Clubs That Will Smash Blue
Rocks and Grass Live
Birds To-Day. ,
The gun clubs have arranged good pro
grammes for to-day. The most important
meeting will be that of the San Francisco
Gun Club at San Clemente station, where
live-bird shooting will be extensively in
dulged in. The Lincoln Club will hold a
series of bluerock smashing races at Ala
meda Point, and the Olympic Gun Club,
although not having a regular meeting, t
will enjoy a few hours' clay bird shoot
ing at Ingleside. For Sunday next the
Olympic and Union Gun clubs wfii have
regular programmes.
On the 29th and 30th of this month the
gun clubs of the State will hold forth at
Antioch. where the annual ' Inanimate
Target Association tournament will be
held. Antioch sportsmen are making very
extensive preparations to receive club
members and visitors. The programme of
events has already appeared in The Call.
As there are among the sportsmen a num.
ber of shooters who are fond of angling, it
has been suggested by a correspondent
that in the interest of various game fishes
lovers of shooting should kill a bird which
is commonly called shag or cormorant
(Phalacrocorax Graculus) whenever the
opportunity permits. The shag is a great
destroyer of young fishes, and as an or
nament or a table bird it is of no value.
The writer finishes his letter by stating
that as the sea linns must go, why not
kill off the shags also?
CALIFORNIA'S BIRTHDAY.
Native Sons Preparing to Properly
Celebrate the Event at
Santa Cruz.
Santa Cruz, the home of Grand Presi
dent Frank Mattison of the Native Sons
of the Golden West, has been selected as
the place at which to hold the forty-ninth
anniversary of the admission of Califor
nia into the Union. California Parlor of
this city through its officers, John O'Gara,
president, and James J. Jamison, secre
tary, has therefore issued a circular to
other parlors, requesting each to name a
committee of three to meet with like com
mittees from the San Francisco parlm-to
in Native Sons' Hall on the 17th of next~
June to make arrangements for the
proper celebration of the approaching an
niversary-
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
REFRIGERATORS!
A SP-CIAL FOX THIS WEEK, $6.
THESE REFRIGERATORS ARE
HARD WOOD. FINISHED IN AN-
TIQUE, LINED THROUGHOUT
WITH ZINC, SOLID BRONZE
TRIMMINGS. EVERY REFRIG-
ERATOR GUARANTEED.
THE J. NOONAN
. FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.), •
1017-1023 MISSION STREET,
fibove Stxtt}.
Phone Sooth 14. Open Erasing!.ESCAPED FROM THE HORRORS OF A
NIHILIST PRISON
v
This Nihilist Has Just Reached
SAN FRANCISCO.
Pursued Three Years by Siberian Police.
SHERt, Is In ban Francisco to-day a man, to effect whose cap
ture the police officials of Russia, those human sleuths who
operate the dread and merciless secret service of trie Czar,
would spare neither expense nor trouble.
He is a nihilist and he Is proud of it. That is not all. He
is an escaped nihilist, and he knows that a life of exile, hard
'labor and imprisonment is waiting for him should he ever dare again
to set foot, upon his native soil. No wonder then that this man,
Nicholas Ivan hoe, has a haunted look in his eyes. No wonder is it
that when he talked to me he continually kept turning his head
suggestively, round, as if he was afraid that some 'enemy was ap
proaching him from the rear. In a small, dingy, room, in one of the
cheap lodging-houses south of .Market street, Ivanhoe keeps him-
Continued on Pace Twentv-thre**.
These Photographs Were Taken by the Escaped Nihilist While Working as an Assistant Jailer in the Prison on the Convict Island of Saghalien in Northeastern Siberia
In December, 1889, Nicholas Ivanhoe, then a very young man. went to the nihilist penal colony of Saghalien to help his convict father to escape, if possible. By a fortunate chain of circumstances he was able to get into the prison as assistant jailer. Then
lie learned that his father had been killed In a mine accident. As a nihilist he then determined to learn all the inside workings of the prison and communicate them to his fellows. With this end in view he took photogrraphs of the punishments of tho convict nihilists and
other scenes of everyday c - One of his communications to St. Petersburg nihilists was intercepted by tho authorities. Ivanhoe was warned of his approaching arrest by a fellow nihilist and was able to escape to the mountains. That was in 1896. For several years.
In all Borts of disguises, he worked his way toward the Paclflo coast, continually on guard to avoid, the vigilance of the Siberian police. He had countless hairbreadth escapes, but at last he reached a port in Korea and from there, he sailed for Kagasaki, Japan, JBo
has Just arrived In gan Francisco and la being cared for by the nihilist colony here.
THE CALL Sunday Edition
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
T9 SAN f RANCISCO.18
Queen victoria' a
Ci'ghti'eth ffii'rthday
Will $3e Celebrated by the Cnylish Ration
yfext 7Jhuraday,
IMPRESSIVE CEREMONIES FOR THE OCCASION
Special to the Sunday CalL
LONDON, May 14.— When the long,
hard day of Queen Victoria's Dia
mond Jubilee was over she
summed It up by sighing, wearily:
"It makes me realize that I am a
very old woman." The multitudes
that saw her then realized It, too, and
their underlying consciousness of it did
more to make the occasion impressive
than all the trapping's ana the pageantry.
According to the dramatic fitness of
thinps this was the grand tableau before
tho fall of the curtain.
Rut the good Queen never has been in
the least dramatic, and she now ap
proaches the next moat Important mile
stone In her reign as calmly and comfort
ably as If she were to be 40 instead of 80
on the 24th of May.
It Is probable that the rather stuffy
room in Kensington Palace in which she
was born In 1819 will then be opened to the
public to signalize the occasion. Altera
tions and restorations have been going on
In the homely, squat old oullding for some
time In the leisurely British way. Accord-
Ing to present plans the Queen will give
In perton the drawing room to be held in
Buckingham Palace on May 16 and on the
following day she will lay the foundation
Btone for the new Kensington museum.
Cornerstones by the Hundred.
Again the story goes around that this
cornerstone laying will mark the last
puMic appearance of her Gracious MaJ-
Don't believe it. It will be an im
iressive occasion for the same underlying
reason that the Jubilee seemed almost pa
thetic; but unlees all present signs fall
the Queen will be able to pursue the chief
<',uelph diversion of laying cornerstones
uninterruptedly for an indefinite time to
come.
Victoria has undoubtedly laid more cor
nerstones and opened more Institutions
than any other person living; and the
Prince of Wales comes next. The Duke of
Y.Mk Is gaining on them a little, but he
b^pan so late that he can never hope to
catch up. Prince Edward, eldest son of
the Duke of York, and fourth In line to
tho throne, has not yet laid a single cor
r.e, but he must begin soon. It
seems probable that the great wall of
liOndon, now almost wholly lost to sight,
could be restored with the cornerstones
that have been laid by this family, and
the Lisbon earthquake probably didn't
y as much property as would tum
ble if all of these cornerstones were rude
ly withdrawn.
In Capital Candition.
This business of laying cornerstones
has been an outward and visible sign of
the reason for the Queen's long life. It
tie out of doors, and there is noth
ii:K unduly exciting about it. It is a solid,
■al occupation of the sort that
't prate on the nerves. If Charles I
I mtented himself with laying corner
-. all En.eiand would not have been
celebrating last week the three hundredth
anniversary of the man who ordered that
the royal head be cut off.
After the cornerstone at South Ken-
elngton is laid the Queen will go to Wind
sor, bringing to an end the gala days of
the tourists, who are permitted to ex
plore the castle and enrich the attend
ants when the Queen Is away. A stage
has been built in the Waterloo chamber
for the chief event of the Queen's birth
day, a performance of "Lohengrin" fol
lowing a big royal dinner party.
After her birthday the Queen will go
north to her favorite Balmoral, none the
worse, doubtless, for so hard a fort
night. Physically, she is not a day older
to-day than she was at the celebatlon of
her Jubilee, two years ago.
How She Keeps Young.
How does she do It? The court circular
for the outing In the South of France
tells part of the story. Every day, fore
noon and afternoon, her Majesty spent
every available moment In the open air,
driving about behind the royal horses, or
behind little Jocko, the celebrated white
donkey who has done practically all of
the Queen's walking for her out of doors
for 10, these many years. Whenever the
Queen goes for a "stroll" It is Jocko
whose fat little legs do the work, while
the Queen sits In the chaise.
When she goes for a "drive" the horses
honored with her confidence aro sae*e of
the most conservative beasts in Britain
having been tested with all sorts of
notses, from small boys with tin horns to
braes bands gathered in the Buckingham
Palace yard for the especial purpose of
seeing If they can frighten the horses. The
final stage in the training of these ani
mals is a course in bagpipes. If they can
hear bagpipes without so much as twist
ing an ear, then they are considered be
yond suspicion.
Eight of these horses went with Jocko
to Cimlez, accompanied by the Queen's
own carriage, and have not lacked for ex
ercise ever since. Rains are rare at this
season on the Riviera, but one or two
showers fell while the Queen has been
there, and on those occasions the natives
were astonished to see the Queen driving
out the same as ever. Her stay this year
has been prolonged unprecedentedly, so
she could be out of doors more than
would be possible in England's colder cli
mate.
How to Travel Comfortably.
The care that the Queen has been taking
to prolong her reign has been shown In
many other ways by Incidents of this out-
Ing at Clmlez, which has cost her about
$75,000, Including the expenses of her suite
of some fifty persons, and the $12,000
monthly rent of her wing of the Hotel
Regina. She sleeps better In her own bed
and consequently that cumbrous piece of
furniture went to Cimiez with her. She
finds delight In her dogs and birds, so
they went along. She hates the least bit
of a climb, so special platforms were con
structed for her by which she could step
from her train to the Dover-Calais steam-
er, and a special "lift" was built for her
at the hotels.
Wherever she went a small army of
watchers escorted her. Some were in of
ficial trappings; more were detectives In
citizens' clothing. Her path through
France was cleared of suspicious persona
by the establishment of a sort of "dead
line," like that once established by Tom
Byrnes around Wall street, beyond which
no crook might go without being arrested
on general principles.
The Queen Is now as careful about her
food as she Is about sleep and exercise.
And she comes nearer than, any other
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
member of her family to being a solace
and comfort to the total-abstinence peo
ple, for she takes nothing but a little
whisky and water for the stomach's sake.
She Is even more abstemious than the
Prince of Wales, who has lately foresworn
champagne, and now drinks little but
sparkling moselle. Besides the corps of
doctors of the household the Queen has
more than thirty honorary physicians and
surgeons. She is a great believer in med
ical advice, but not much given to taking
medicine. Open air is her sovereign rem
edy.
Eighty Years of Good Luck.
The Queen's luck has been aa proverbial
as the "Queen's weather," which, by spe
cial dispensation of Providence, is almost
Invariably fine whenever Her Majesty has
to make a public appearance. When she
was only clx months old an amateur
sportsman fired a shot through her nur
pery window that came within a hair's
breadth of her devoted head. When she
was thirteen a sudden gale arose while
she was at sea with her mother, and dis
lodged the topmast, which came crashing
down to the spot whence she had been
snatched by a pilot scarce a second be
fore. Five attempts to murder her have
been made without doing her more harm
than a bruise.
But the greatest luck of any was in
being: Queen at all and being: born on En
glish soil, for Victoria was only the niece
of William IV, and her father, the Duke
of Kent, woa only the fourth son of poor
old George 111. In the ordinary course of
nature she was many, many removes
from the throne, but she seems to have
had all the stamina that belonged to the
children of her father's 'Ider brothers, as
well as her own portion, for they dwindled
away as fast as they were born.
The Queen is German on her mother's
side and German a few removes away on
her father's Bide, and she would have
been born In Germany If her father had
not figured it out that his eldest child
might some day be the ruler of England,
and that It would therefore be well for the
infant's claims on the throne If He or she
first saw light In England. So, two
months before the expected event he hur
ried his Duchess away from her home In
I^elnlngen. There were no railroads In
those days, and it is said that the Duke
himself drove the coach from Amorbach
to the Dutch coast, for fear that a less
Interested coachman might drive care
lessly.
The room In Kensington Palace— ln what
is now the heart of fashionable Lon
don—where the future Queen was born
1b now being restored to look exactly aa
It did In 1819. The very pictures that hung
on the walls then have been brought back
from Hampton Court and are being put
In their old p"laees, and much of the origi
nal furniture will soon be ready for the
eye of the public.
The Coming Drawing Boom.
Buckingham Palace, Just below the op
posite end of" Hyde Park from Kensing
ton Palace, Is also being swept and gar
nished for the home-coming of the Queen,
and It Is probable that she will be pres
ent, for the first time In a year, at the
drawing room to be held there on May
15, thus making It a far more brilliant
affair than any previous drawing room
this year, for Princesses are too plentiful
to be of much value as a sole attraction.
This will be the first drawing room of
Embassador Choate and his wife, and
the ladies of the Choate family have Just
returned from Paris, where they have
been shopping for the great occasion.
Mr. Choate would have had a tough
time of it choosing among the American
applicants who wanted to be presented
at court as soon as It became known
that the Queen was likely to grace the
occasion in person were it not for the
fact that the lists were practically com
plete six months ago. Only the greatest
of the great could slip In at this late day.
It will not be known who are the lucky
ones till two days before the drawing
room Is held. The lists are never pub
lished long in advance, lest some one
might get the credit of presentation and
then evade the penalty and agony with
court dressmakers and tailors by not go
ing.
It may be said, however, for the bene
fit of those who are to be disappointed
when the lists are published that they
probably wouldn't have been presented
to the Queen in person after all; for, al
though she is astonishingly strong for a
lady of 80, Bhe is not inclined to stand
the whole ceremony of a drawing room,
and at best will receive In person only
the diplomatic circle, retiring then and
leaving some younger member of the
family to respond to the prescribed
obeisances of unofficial court society.
CURTIS BROWN.
Victoria's Perquisites
QUEEN VICTORIA is not only In re
ceipt of her annual income from the
people of Great Britain, but she is
entitled besides to a considerable
number of perquisites for the supply
of the royal household.
Among the most curious of these Is her
right to every whale or sturgeon captured
on the coast of the United Kingdom and
brought to land. Both of these perqui
sites date back to the days of the Nor
man Kings, and It appears that in the
case of the whale the monsters were dl
WONDERFUL HITS OF EXPERT SHOTS.
* GREAT deal of attention has been
/I paid of recent years to exhibition
A revolver and of attention has been
paid of recent years to exhibition
revolver and rifle shooting, and the
I t favor - with 1 which really % expert
~ a ■*• shots meet has greatly Increased
the number of extraordinary feats
which . can. now be performed with revol
vers and rifles. ;
"Buffalo Bill" was one. of the flnrt
shots ever seen In this country, although
exhibition .; marksmanship has " greatly
mproved since Colonel Cody last visited
England. If One of ? his most ' wonderful
!eats , was' not generally performed \ln
public, for the reason that its failure or
success could not be discerned at any
sxeat' distance. It consisted in driving
nto a white i board five short, flat-head- .
tacks with: five successive. shots, from a
ilstance just short enough to allow of
the tacks ■ to be - accurately sighted, bo
?reat was Colonel Cody's skill with .tne
ight rifle he used for this feat, that given
favorable light he could generally per
form it six or seven times without a
miss. - .-■'..- •'.■'. ... • . . ' •
• Not only was Buffalo Bill's aim marvel
>usly accurate, but It was extraordinary
luick. , Given a repeater, he would stand
:>r sit on hi 3 famous white horse and
break five clay "pigeons" sent up simul
taneously before they had: time to get
more than a - couple of feet . on the • fall
course. - ' •■ '" . '-■/ - ■ - : " '■■■■ ■', • ■■
But M. • Bordeverry, a Frenchman, who
recently came to this country to show us
what a rifle could be made to do, would
probably give Colonel Cody points and
in easy beating. His accuracy and rapid
ty of aim are simply astonishing:. At a
listance of thirty feet he can cut a piece
it cardboard through the edge, as it is
poised upon the head of an assistant. At
i similar distance, leaning himself flat on
lis back over the seat of a chair, with a
pistol in his hand, he can send spinning a
threepenny piece which rests, naif hid-
Jen, upon his assistant's head. He will
tnock the ash off your cigar at a distance
>f thirty feet, or light your wax-vesta for
you, if you care to hold it. At ten yards
le can cut a swinging thread, and at the
same distance with three successive shots
he will ? pick off three small trifles bal
anced one upon the other upon the head
it his assistant. And to demonstrate his
vided between the rovereim and his con
sort, the Queen taking the head, in order
that her wardrobe might be replenished
with the whalebone needed for the stif
fening of her royal garments.
Another of the Queen's perquisites Is a
certain number of magnificent cashmere
shawls, which are dispatched to her every
year from the Kingdom of Cashmere.
They vary In value, as a rule, from
to $2000 apiece and the Queen Is accus- j
tomed to present one of them as a wed- I
ding present to every young girl of the
aristocracy In whose future she Is In any 1
way . Interested. Every tailor holding a 1
patent of "purveyor to Her Majesty," If |
he conforms to ancient tradition and I
usage, should present her with a silver t
needle each year. ■
Another class of royal purveyors Is |
called upon to present annually to her a §
tablecloth, while from other sources again I
she is entitled to an annual contribution ;:
of such varied "tips" as white doves,
white hares, firetongs, currycombs, scar- ;
let hosiery, nightcaps, lances and cross- .
bows. »-i
Moreover, at the coronation the Lord of jg
the Manor of Addington must present to V
the sovereign a "dish of pottage" com- *
posed of "almond milk, brawn of capons,
sugar, spices, chickens parboiled and
chopped." At the same ceremony the ■
Lord of the Manor of Haydon is obliged
by virtue of his. tenure from the crown
to present the monarch with a towel, the ;
Lord of the Manor of Worksop giving the
sovereign a "right-handed glove.".
Queen Victoria also has the privilege of
using any of the railways in the kingdom
free of charge. Her water rates and her
bill for gas, in the past, were nil, and she
has the right to "extort from every new
made knight the provender for five of her
household's help.
These, however, are only. a few of the
various perruisites to which the Queen of
England is entitled by tradition and us
age. .
A Clear Case.
A board of physicians were inquiring
Into the state of mind of an alleged luna
tic.
"You told us Just now," said the spokes
man, "that you were the Emperor Napn
leon and now you suy you are the Duke of
Wellington. Pray explain yourself."
"Quite right." returned the patient,
cheerfully; "that was by a different
mother."
They didn't ask any more Question*.—
Life.
I rapid Bight he will hit eleven distinct
bullseyes in seven seconds.
Revolver shooting is generally consid
ered to be infinitely more difficult than
I rifle firing, and there are certainly fewer
! expert revolver than rifle shots. Butj 1
among the most wonderful wlelders of the'
"shooting Iron" is an American gentle
man, a Mr. Stephens, with whom, how
ever, the fascinating practice la only a
pastime.
A very effective feat Mr. Stephens per
j forms privately consists of standing clx
lighted candles upon a bench, retreating
about forty feet, and putting out one can- I
■ die after another with the contents of his
: six-chambered revolver. On one occa
i ston the same gentleman, Btanding under
1 a cherry tree with a revolver In each
hand, cut the stones out of eight cherries
in eleven seconds. Of the two unsuccess
! ful shots fired, one only grazed the cherry
; it was aimed at and the other was lost
lin mystery. But the feat was a very
; wonderful one, especially for an amateur
I shot.
1 *Bullßeye writing is common amons
1 crack shots. Annie Oakley, whom Buf
j falo Bill took with him to England,
was especially clever at it She wouid
; etand a few paces from a target and per
: forate the outer rim with shot so neatly
I that her name would appear quite dls
j tinctly designed by a series of clear-cut
holes.
On one occasion when Annie Oakley
was practicing: at a target she sent a
I shot right through the center of the bullst
eye. Some one standing by offered to
I wager her that she would" hot send a shot
I through the hole she had thus made.
Shouldering her rifle she fired four shots
I with great deliberation, and it was found
I that three of these mv.st have actually
; passed through the hole. Slightly enlarg
ing it, and the fourth had gone the eighth
of an inch off the mark. Five successive
shots hitting wuuin an area of hair a ,
square inch of the bullseye was certainly
a very creditable performance.
"And of what use," cried the f>
orator in a fine burst of satire, " ar '*«
women in this world? Ask any man, ana
what will he tell you?"
"My father says." cried a small boy m
the audience, "that they are good to raiM ■
children, biscuits and h-1. "-Ul9,THTS lft the story of an American
woman who would a-whallng go.
She ran the gamut of nautical ad
ventures from the ice T^elds of the
north seas, from the typhoons of
the Orient, to tho wreck of the
bark Horatio on the reefs near the Caro
line. Islands--The wnx-k that still clings
to the rocks in the harbor of Kusale: the
wreck wh'ch she predicted weeks before
from a significant dream. These experi
ences have made up her life aboard ship
in Just twelve months.
fihe. did not go a-salling for the mere
love of adventure, nor in the cold serious
ness of skirts, but In the more cotnfort
nl>!e if less lovely bloomer uniform. And
Bhe chose the life of the sea to share life's
iltudea with her husband, '\iptaln
was the skipper and she the first
mate of the ill-fated bark Horatio, that
i* now pounding Itself to pieces on the
Caroline shores.
Seven ye-ars ago Mrs. West, the cap
tain's bride, stepped aboard the whaling
b.irk at Marthas Vineyard to try her new
home on the deep. For seven years a
has been her only dwelling, and in
'ngth of t::ne her voyages hava ex-
I over 60,000 leagues.
These years she has devoted to the
study of navigation, and her account of
is freaied with untoward events.
I^aft BTi>k the barkentlne Ruth arrived
from the Caroline Islands with the crew
of the wrecked whaling bark, and Mrs.
ke of her eventful year In a
r-of-fact. New England way.
"Upon the tirst day of my voyage," she
paid. "1 began to learn the names of the
palls and the rigging. In a very little
while I understood the theory of steering
and how to box the compass. I would
often take the sun and get the latitude,
and from that time on I looked upon navi
gation seriously Instead of as an amusing
pastime.
"It took some time, however, before dur
ing a storm I could muster up the cour
at.'> which I always had ashore, and every
time then* was a strong breeze I asked
Captain West if it were a gale.
"And so the life on the ocean wave
;pon me, and the fiercer the hurri
the more my courage rose, inspired,
I have always thought, by the knowledge
the captain knew how to control his
"The first serious danger we encoun
tered occurred in the Arctic Ocean about
■five miles south of Hr-rald Island.
two R>oks I had our satchels packed,
to leave the ship at a moment's
notice. Neither night nor day did I
AN IGUANA AND A SNAKE
HAVE A FIERCE FIGHT
MENTION* of the snake Incident re
minds me of a very peculiar and
interesting sport which the
blai ks In northern Australia in
dulge In, says Louis de Rouge-
mont. i refer tn lights h<twe»n
. [guanas. These combats cer
. afford very One sport. The two
creatures are always at mortal enmity
with one another, bat as a rule the
iguana commences the attack, no mattt-r
much bigg< '■<<■' may be than
'iims<-lf. or whether it is poisonous or
[ have seen iguanas attack black
snakes from six to t>-n feet in length,
while they themselves rarely measured
Mian three or four feet.
As a rule the iguana makes a snapping
bite at the snake a few inches below its
head, and the latter instantly retaliates
by striking its enemy with its poisonous
fangs. Then an extraordinary thing hap
pens. The iguana will let go his hold
and straightway make for a kind of fern,
which I* eats in considerable .quantities;
the object of this being, to counteract*
effects of the poison. When he thinks he
has had enough of the antidote he rushes
back to the scene of the encounter and
resumes the attack, t.ie snake always
waiting there for him. Again and again
the snake bites tile Iguana, and as often
the latter has recourse to the counteract
ing influences of the antidote. The fight
may last for upward of an hour, but
eventually the Iguana conquers.
t:r.>U struggle is most exciting. The
i seizes hold of the Bnake five or
.h.s below the head, and this time
refuses to let go his hold, no matter how
much the snake may struggle and en
wrap him in Its coils. Over and over
roll the combatants, but the grip of the
Iguana Is relentless; and the struggles
of the snake prow weaker, until at length
h<> is stretched out dead. Then the tri
umphant iguana steals slowly away.
The spectators would never dream of
kflilng him, portly on account of their
admiration for liia prowo3S, but more
SHE WENT AWALING:
AND WAS SHIPWRECKED
change my clothing, for we w-»re frozen
up in an open icepack and were not pro
visioned for an extended blockade. It Is
a fearful thing In the Arctic to be em
bedded by the ice. especially the young
ice, which every mariner dreads, it is so
sharp, and cuts both wood and steel.
"The captain stood In th.> crows-nest
at the masthead night ami day, shout-
Ing 'Starboard and steady' and then 'Port,'
and so on. working his way through the
field ice. The anchors were dropped and
hauled up like a pump handle to cut the
packlce, which waa six feet thick about
the bark. The crown of the anchor was
soon polished as bright as a new dollar.
"For days and days we watched for a
breeze, . and when at last through the
glass some one perceived a swell that
lifted the. great white plain into billows
from the southeast there was a shout
from th" sailors and a 'thank C-o<l' feel
ing from the hearts of us all. Within
twelve hours the southeast wind had
chopped the Ice up into small chunks and
we were, soon out of our difficulty.
"But the most terrible, storm that Cap
tain West ever weathered swoopoil down
upon us. off the coast of Japan less than
a year ago. It was a regular typhoon,
and we wore In the vortex of it.
"The waves broke right in on deck and
over the> stern and washed away a heavy
tool chest that had been lashed, ami two
of the boats on the cranes were smashed
and carried away. Oh, It was a terrific
sea. Our oil bags were all emptied to
flatten It. and the ship laid over with her
lee bulwarks under water. The barome
ter fell to 28.80.
"When the ship hove down, if the wind
had not knocked the sea down, the Hora
tiao would have been dashed to pieces.
As it was we sprung the main topmast
and twisted the rudder-head off. Every
man was aft — nobody forward — ;uid the
sailors were lashed or had ropes about
their waists when venturing to obey or
ders. That's the worst strain when the
ship is hove down like that with the wheel
lashed. There's always danger of losing
her rudder.
"T'p to that time the wind had been
blowing from the southeast and the whole
main topsail was set In the calm between
the shifts of wind from southeast to
northwest. Then the wind came down
with all its force, 'butt end to.' as the
captain expressed It. It came so sudden
ly that we could not furl the sails, and
then we expected the mast to be carried
away.
"The captain had lashed me to a chair
below, because I insisted upon being near
him, and the fury of the storm made It
particularly because his flesh Is tainted
with poison from the repeated snake
bites. These curious fights generally take
place near water-holes.
I have also seen remarkable combats
between snakes of variouß species and
eizes. A small snake will always respond
to the challenge of a much larger one,
this challenge taking the form of rear-
Ing up and hissing. The little snake Will
then advance slowly toward its opponent
and attempt to strike, but as a rule the
big one crushes It before it can do any
harm. I had often heard of the Joke
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAT 21, 1899.
ooooooooooooooooooooooooocooooooooooooooooooooo^ooooo
q Seven years ago Mrs. West, the captain's bride, stepped aboard the whaling bark at Marthas q
q Vineyard to try her new home on the deep. For seven years a bark has been her only dwelling, q
q and In thot length of time her voyages have extended over 50,000 leagues. In that time she sailed Q
O through Arctic Ice, with the whalers, and through tropic storms, with the traders. It was a life of O
O constant and thrilling adventures. Several times it looked as if all hands must go down in sornc ©
® terrible disaster, and at last the disaster came in a far away eastern sea. She has just arrived in
® San fancisco frorr) there. How Mrs. West was warned of her terrible danger ir) a dream is given ?
o in her c-a/q words below. ~
impossible to stand upright anywhere.
When the lower main topsail, main spen
der and fore sail were carried away, Cap
tain West came below and ordered me to
put on all the warm clothes I could wear
and to make haste about it. ' I was so
frightened that my fingers were numb,
but somehow I managed to put. on four
dresses over my bloomers. I knew with
out questioning that I was preparing for
an open boat In that awful sea. It was
blowing so hard that looking windward
we could see nothing but spray off the
top of the sea. That was the very worst
storm, but it suddenly left us. and the
Horatio, though badly strained, weath
ered the gale. .':
"Now comes the strangest part of my
whole experience, the part that almost
every one will say is too extraordinary
to admit of belief. From the time the
Horatio left San Francisco last Decem
ber I had a soul-pervading horror of be
ing shipwrecked. The great big dangers
that had jutted out on our horizon pre
viously 1 did not seem to fear, for T re
lied upon the captain's skill to evade
them. But the undeflnable. clinging pre
monition that we were to be in danger
when we lea.pt expected it filled me with a
fearful foreboding.
"This fear did not possess me until we
were crossing the bar. and I felt then
that the Horatio was on her last voy
age; that sho would he shipwrecked.
"The captain laughed at my supersti
tions, even while he respected them: but
the days went by, and as nothing oc
curred that was not anticipated. I, too,
began to doubt the prediction would come
to pas?.
"But one night I had a singular dream.
It was not the result of 111 health nor of
seasickness. Aboard ship 1 am not
troubled with Indigestion, so that the
dream and Its subsequent fulfillment was
altogether remarkable. Much of the vis
ion, of course, was inexplicable, but
enough of it portended the disaster which
actually happened to make me ever after
ward a believer in dreams.
"The pets whicli I took with me from
San Francisco were a canary, a rat ter
rier and a black kitten.
"The entire crew of thirty-six men
looked askance at the black cat and
shook their heads disapprovingly. Once
I heard a sailor say. 'Tret's throw it over
boaTd.'
"Well, in my dream I thought the Ho
ratio was painted yellow, just the color
of the canary— in fact the bark had sud
denly been metamorphosed into the bird,
and the cat sat on a rock splashed by the
sea. The cat's eyes seemed dilated and
steadfast, and I knew that it was charm
ing the bird and luring her to destruction.
All at once the dog set up a bark that
about fwo snake« of an equal size trying
to swallow one another, and was, there*
fore, the more Interested when I came
across this Identical situation in real life.
One day, right in my track lay two very
large snakes which had evidently been
engaged in a very serious encounter, and
the victor had commenced Bwailowing his
exhausted adversary. He had disposed
of some three or four feet of that adver
sary's length when I arrived on the
scene, and was evidently resting before
taking In the rest. I easily made prison
ers of both.
Tfyis Jlmeriean Girl Save Up Christianity and Became a Swami.
Marie Louise Davitt, Who Was Once the Friend of Socialists Errjma Goldman and Justus Schwab, Is Now
on Her First Visit to India.
AMONG the passengers on board the
Peninsular and Oriental steam
ship Carthage, which arrived at
Bombay recently, was an Ameri
can lady of French extraction, who
is known as Swami Abhayananda,
and who is the first European, if we may
so call her, to be actually and practically
converted to Hindooism."
This little item, clipped from an English
newspaper, may recall to many— at least
those in any way interested in Theosophy
—the very peculiar conversion, some four
years ago, of a woman to the Hindoo
faith, who preached and lectured in
Brooklyn, and who was known as the
"woman monk."
Bhe created quite a sensation at the
time of her first appearance, especially
as the public mind was rather prepared
for Theosophlcal discussion from its In
tense Interest in the Congress of Re
ligions held at the world's fair. Her mas
ter and teacher was the Swami Virlkan
anda, who was so prominent in Chicago
during the Exposition.
There Is little known of her to-day In
New York, though she was sn prominent
among the Socialists some ten years ago.
Justus Schwab, in speaking of her, said:
"She was a very fine woman, of an un
determined age, very homely, but very
intelligent. I have known Marie Louise
for twenty-five years, but, of course, all
interest in her ceased as soon as she took
up with Theosophy. She was of French
parentage, and spoke the language flu
ently, but she claimed to love America
better. She was very prominent at the
different liberal clubs, but, of course, that
is all over with now."
I found upon further investigation that
Bhe was a French woman, but natural
ized, and had been a resident of New
York for twenty-five years. She had rath
er a curious history. For a quarter of a
century she had been known as a ma
terialist, socialist— some say anarchist— a
friend of Emma Goldman and others of
that ilk. Twelve months before she be
came converted to Hindooism she was a
prominent member of the Manhattan
Liberal Club. Then she was known In the
press and on the platform as Mme. Maria
Louise, a fearless, progressive, advanced
woman, whose boast It was that she was
always in the front of the battle and
ahead of her times.
In an interview which she save the Her
ald in 1596 she pave the following as tho
Swami's fundamental teaching:
"Every man must develop according to
his own nature. As every science has its
methods so has every religion. Methods
of attaining the end of our religion are
called Yoga, and the different forms of
Yoga that We teach aro adapted to the
different natures and temperaments of
men. We classify them in the following
way, under four heads:
"(1) Karma Yoga— The manner in which
a man realizes his own divinity through
works and duty.
"(2) Bliaktl Yoga— The realization of a
divinity through a devotion to and love
of a personal God.
"(3) Rajah Yoga— The realization of a
divinity through control of mind.
"(4) Guanna Yoga— The realization of a
man's own divinity through knowledge.
"These are all different roads leading to
the same center— God. Indeed, the varie
ties of religious belief are an advantage,
since all faiths are good so far as they
encourage man to religious life. The moer
sects there are the more opportunities
there are for making successful appeals
to the divine instincts of all men."
In contemplating the step she had taken
and in considering the future this woman
has chosen to adopt, one can not but be
reminded of Schopenhauer's strange pre
diction when he said, in reference to the
ethics and philosophy of Hlndooism:
"The world is about to se« a revolution in
thought more extensive and more power
ful than that which was witnessed by the
Renaissance of Greek literature."
During the time of the social furor cre
ated by the Swami Virlkanandi. when he
was the social lion of New York's Four
Hundred, after the Chicago Fair, the
Swami Abhayananda was at that time
earning her living as a journalist in
Brooklyn, and known as Marie Louise
Davitt. She was among the number of
those who were particularly impressed by
the philosophical doctrine expounded by
the young Bengali "Sunyasi."
She made a noint of attending his lec
tures, and after a full exchange of idi-as
she expressed her desire of becoming his
"chela." or disciple, with a'view of finally
adopting Hindooism. Then, carried away
by zeal, she asked for permission, and
was allowed, to enter one of the religious
orders of Shivaisen. that being the sect
of Hindooism to which her "guru," or
spiritual guide, Virikananda, belonged.
The latter "ordained" her in New York
In 1895, and subsequently at intervals
raised her through all the ranks of the
priesthood until she reached the highest
rung of the ladder, and was finally made
a "Sunyasi" of the "puri" order. As
such she is the very first of the Western
world, and. in fact, it sounds incompatible
—an American lady becoming a Hindoo
"Sunyasi." or "Yogi."
The lady Swami. if we may so call her,
is a little over HO years of age. stands
somewhat above the average height and
is of rather imposing figure. Her face
impresses one at the outset with its ex
pression of gentleness, calmness and kind
ness, but with these traits she possesses
the strong chin and massive jaw which
betray the dominant will power and in
vincible determination without which he
could never have crossed such a wide
social gulf as that which she has over
stepped.
She wears her hair, which is gray al
most to whiteness, cut very short and
brushed backward, a mode which shows
to advantage the breadth and height of
her straight forehead. Imagine her, too,
with a pair of dark eyes, full of earnest
ness, set in a face of a pale hue, and you
have a portrait of Swami Abhayananda.
According to the rules of her order, she
wears a simple cloth gown of saffron color
of a style modified to suit European con
ventionalities, but cut perfectly plain, like
that of a monk, and without any adorn
ment at all beyond a cash of the same
could not be quieted and ran about lik«
mad In the cabin and finally upon deck,
■while I followed close behind. When half
way up the steps there came a dreadful
shock, and, grasping the rail, I escaped
falling backward. Then I heard the cap
tain shouting. 'Clear away your boats!'
"I awoke with a jerk, sat bolt up
right In bed and for some momenta
thought the Horatio had surely foun
dered. To make it more real the dog
waß howling.
"To satisfy me the captain went on
deck to take a look around. Of course
we were in midocean with land nowhere
In sight, and the next morning I even
laughed with him over my vivid dream.
"To tell the truth, I did not think of it
again until the Horatio really did strike
the rocks.
"Then what occurred was surely a co
incidence, if nothing more. We were go-
Ing Into the harbor of Kusaie during the
highest tide of the year. The captain had
been in this port several times and
thoueht he knew it well. I was below
and very much interested in reading a
novel, but the fox terrier made such a
racket that I finally had to close my book.
Then he suddenly made for the deck, and
knowing that he would he In the cap
tain's way I quickly followed.
"While half way up the steps there
came a shock so terrible that I graspcl
the rail to keep from falling backward.
Just then the captain's voice rang out,
'Clear away your boats I'
"Like a flash I remembered my dream
"The swell lifted the bark only to toss
it with greater force upon the next rock.
Again and again we struck the reef, each
time with a harder crash.
" 'SouHd the pumps. Back all the yards
and carry out an anchor.' Such orders
followed fast, and faster the bark glided
on to the reef.
"In less than twenty minutes after the
Horatio struck she lost her false keel.
The awful ripping, grinding and sizzine
will always ring in my ears. The signals
of distress were given, and though we
were two miles from shore the natives
saw out predicament and boats were soon
making out toward us.
"I went ashore in the first boat and
carried with me my pets, the trunks and
the two chronometers.
"It was quite dark before I stepped into
the lifeboat, and the fitful, sullen glare of
rockets across the water only intensified
the gloom. Mrs. Paulecksa, a native
•woman, kind-hearted and hospitable, took
me to her home and made me as com
fortable as possible. However, I spent
most of the night walking the beach,
waiting and watching until 3 a. m., when
the last boat left the wreck.
. "I did not sleep much that night. I was
haunted by the memory of my dream and
its uncanny realization.
"Shall I give up the life of the sea? Oh.
no. I am willing and ready to start on a
voyage to-morrow; but for the peace of
the crew I'll leave the black cat ashore.
It so happened that the bark struck the
sunken rock on Friday, and above the
roar of the grinding wreck I heard the
muttered imprecation, 'Curse that cat.' "
ANNABEL LEE.
color carried around her waist and with
the ends hanging down in front of her.
Strange to say, after she was ordained
a priestess at New York in 1895 the lady
Swami collected a congregation around
her at the mission she started here, and
succeeded in converting a number of
American men and women to the Shivaite
sect of Hindooism.
The lady Swami is now on her first visit
to India. It is a matter of some specula
tion to see in what light the Hindoos of
India will receive Swami Abhayananda as
she goes about among them in her saffron
gown.
Bands on the Battle Field.
rr^HP: utility of music in matters per-
I taining to war is probably one of the
I greatest forces. At the present day,
"■■ in all the armies of the world, musical
war signals are considered not only use
ful, but absolutely indispensable. The in
fantry drill regulations of many countries
give the music and significance of more
than sixty trumpet signals— calls of nam
ing, of assembling, of alarm, of service
and so on — besides a dozen or more drum
and fife signals, all of which is a definite
language to soldiers.
But its use is not merely confined to sig
naling, for music is used in other ways
for purposes of war. In the way of dis
pelling weariness on the march, nothing i 3
equal to the music of a brass band. Lnr<l
"Wolseley, says Pearson's, has remarks, 1
that "troops that sing as they march will
not only reach their destination more
quickly and In better fighting condition
than those who march in silence, but, in
spired by the music and words of the Na
tional song, will feel that self-confidence
which is the mother of victory."
Probably savages are the most suscep
tible to the warlike feeling inspired by
certain class music. It arouses their an
ger, incites their fanaticism, and by ac
companying their war dances in time of
peace it arouses their lust of war. For
this reason it is among warlike nations
that early music was most developed.
The German army includes more thnn
ten thousand military musicians. Other
powerful nations on the Continent enplny
rather less numbera in military bands.
1920
' '* V <VI«R sine* the mother of Consuelo
j| , Vaiiderbilt, Duchess 'of Marl
*-< 1 orough, Duchess K. Marl
• William K. Van-
I ' c"*rhilt to marry Oliver P. Bel-
Jt^J r.io'nt the na,me of Vanderbi't has
Lcoii bandied about In a gossipy
ard scrtrattbnal « ay.
New Jessie Eiobblns Sloan© has fur
nishefi food for comment, which indirectly
LT?es in the i;ame of which the- old com
iurflc;-e wa3 ■" proud and which the
v.tiik n of the family heretofore held aloof
I"' >;n i ewapaper notoriety save that of tho
trc'ciy columns of the great dallies.
11-*n-.I 1 -*n-. H. T. Sloane, now Mrs. Perry Bel
r.: n.ti is a sister-in-law of Emily Vander
v:t. who married William D. Bloane,
! fother of Henry T., the former husband
■-f one of the fairest and richest divorcees
*ovep a Precipice Into Death Valley.
"T" P. KING, who owns a mine
i close to Death Valley, In the
JP. KING, who owns a came
close to Death Valley, in the
great Panamint range, came
TJ T very near losing his life while
on a prospecting tour lately.
King is a typical California miner,
rugged and sturdy, and does not seem
much the worse for bis experience. But
he admits that his nerves are pretty
well shaken, and he affirms most sol
emnly that he „ would not go through
the same thing again for all the wealth
of Guzerat or Colconda. .
"One blazing hot day," says King,
•'I left my camp In Pleasant Canyon
where the big ledges are to be found.
"After climbing the back of that im
mense ridge which leads by a series of
broken dykes and rugged ascents al
most to the foot of Telescope Peak,
that giant sentinel of the range, which
towers for nearly 11,000 feet into the
burning sky of the desert, my eye lit
upon some well defined outcropping 3of
quartz This seemed a likely spot at
which to commence my prospecting,
and hobbling my burro and taking my
prospecting pick I began slowly to
traverse the course of the vein as It
was defined by the croppings. As I
descended toward the Death Valley
slope of the ridge the vein showed still
more strongly, and. Intensely interest
ed, I failed to notice that the ground
over which I was slowly picking my
way grew more and more precipitous.
"Suddenly, as I rounded a rocky es
carpment, the awful panorama of
Death Valley unfolded itself to my
view. I had never contemplated this
scene without a certain feeling of awe,
and I now stood motionless before the
vast spectacle.
"Seven thousand feet below me lay
the valley, hideous, repulsive, appall
ing In its vista of desolation, its course
defined by apparently endless upheav
\h<z. Sloane-Be'mont.
in the country. Tho Vanderbilts were des
perately upset by the former Mrs. Willie
X.'s legal separation and renvirrir. i
Oliver Belmont, and now comes another
member of the old aristocratic family and
m his brother Perry.
In both Instances there were children.
The Sloane children were given into the
custody of the father outright.' Consuelo
lerbllt's marrinare to the Duke of
Marlborough assured her more to tho
father tb^n the mother, who had cast off
the name of Vanderbllt, if this hold good
for a girl who marries into a foreif::i land.
The social honors for which Mr.^ Belmont
pined through her daughter's triumph
were never realized. It was said at the
time of the Marlborouph heir's birth that
the divorced and remarried mother of the
Thrilling Escape of a Miner pr..m a Terrible Death.
als of volcanic origin, while borne on
the wings of an approaching storm an
enormous cloud was sweeping toward
me at. least hall ;i mile be!ow. From
the center of this cloud flashed inces
sant lightnings, and the reverberations
of the accompanying thun.aer, erli
from rock to ro< k. completed this" pic
ture of a veritable inferno.
"I can't toll you just how it hnp
pened, but something 1 moved under my
feet as 1 stood watching the storm-,
a.iid before 1 could help myself 1 was
slipping down, down, with a rapidity
that took away my breath, toward the
sheer edge of the precipice.
"As I slid, however, I retained suf
ficient presence of mind to clutch «it
everything which might impede my
progress; but there was not much on
that barren slope. The next few sec
onds were terrible. I knew that if
nothing stopped me I v/as lost. It was
while i was sliding these few last feet
that the phenomenon so often expe
rienced by men who have been sud
denly put in extraordinarily perilous
positions occurred in my own case. In
a. single instant It seemed as If the
whole panorama of a busy life, extend
ing over forty-seven years, was Hashed
before me. I passed in one moment
from my childhood's home in Connec
ticut to the awful realization of pres
ent peril. Then there was a sudden
shock. I was brought up by .some
thing that struck me under tne left
arm, and I opened my eyes slowly to
find myself In a peculiar position.
"I was lying on my back at an angle
of nbout X 5 degrees, my feet resting
list one of those yellow, cone
shaped cacti, which take such deep
root in the soil. My left arm was
clutching a projecting rock, which jut
ted to a length of about eighteen
Inches from the face of the precipice.
Neither of theße would of Itself have
arrested my fall. Unchecked by my
spaßmodlo but wholly unconscious
TSE SA*t ffßAffClflOO OALIj, SUNDAY, MAT 21, 1899.
Duchess rould never hope for that recog
nition which English aristocracy was only
too ready to accord to William K. Van
derbilt. the father. It's a sail story, and
Who will deny the inexorable law of cotn
pensation and retribution? It's only
lately that Mrs. Oliver Belmont has made
any kind of an effort to regain her stand
ing in New x . ork society, and even the
Belmont millions have not made it quite
easy to do this.
Tiie divorce proceedings of the Sloanes
•were conducted with the utmost secrecy.
Statutory grounds were <itc-d, but as the
papers weie b alod by the Judge, the < o
respondent'a name in the case was never
revealed, Four hours and a half after the
divorce had l>"(-n granted to Mr. Sloano
his former wife was married to Perry
seizure of the rock as I swept past it,
on the one hand I must have plunged
through the cactus against which my
feet how rested. On the other hand, if
lr.y f-oi bad not struck the cactus my
1 «i would have been torn from the
rook, which in its turn partly sup
ported me.
I was saved — this was my first re
flection. Saved! Yes, but for a lin
gering and cruel fate.
"I was milea from a human habita
tion. Accustomed to be gone from
camp for a week or more at a time,
my partner would not be at all
alnrmed at my absence. Besides, how
lons could I retain my present posi
tion? Already my left arm was stif
fened and cramped by holding on to
the rock, for I was afraid to trust all
my weight on the cactus.
"Just then a shadow paused between
me and the sun. I looked up. An enor
mous vulture was floating a few score
foet above me. I felt my nerves grad
ually breaking down as the utter hope
lessness of escape forced itself upon
me.
"All this time I had not noticed that
I still grasped In my right hand the
small prospector's pick with which I
had started out. 1 still held it in a
convulsive clutch. It was this which
finally saved" me.
"As I say, I had utterly lost my
nerve. I dared not glance downward.
There was a dreadful attraction about
that awful abyss which I instinctively
felt would drag me to destruction. A
voice seemed to whisper, 'Why prolong
this torture? Let go your hold. It will
soon be over.'
"I reviewed every action of my past
life. Severed from all hope of earthly
aid, I turned my thoughts to heaven.
I have no distinct recollection how
long this continued, but the sun went
down and the stars came out and I
fell Into a kind of trance. Soon the
moon, peering over the mountains,
y^tre 71/e JCwino ma State of <& oli/gamy?"
Olvurolimexi Beginning to Tlivmcier A-gainat tlie Divoroe Evil.
STORM BROUOMT ABOUT BY THE SENSATIONAL SLOANE-BELMONT DIVORCE AND MfIRRF^GE.
"POLYGAMY IS BEING PRACTICED ALL OVER THIS COUNTRY."
Bishop Leonard of Ohio in a Rousing Address Before the Recent Episcopal Diocesan Convention.
Belmont at Greenwich, Conn., although
the decree holds that her marriage In Mr.
Sloane's life is unlawful.
Three sessions were held before th© ref
eree and six witnesses examined. Two
beautiful young daughters, Jessie, aged
15, and Emily, some years younger, were
given to the father.
Mr. Sloane accepted the conditions Im
posed upon him. In a letter to his attor
ney, which his attorney made public, he
scored his former wife in these words:
"In view of the circumstances under
which the deed was obtained I feel no
hesitation in taking a reconveyance of
the house, notwithstanding the removal
of many Valuable articles since I trans
ferred It and the exaction of a large sum
to pay private debts recently contracted
by her.
This transaction, therefore, Involved the
sum of $555.998 88, embracing the houso,
valued at IJiXi.OOO, the $75,000 mortgage and
Mrs. Sloano-Belinont's personal debts;
and the divorce and subsequent hasty
marriage Involved; besides this amount,
the {3,000,000 of Henry T. Sloane and the
$8,000,000 of Perry Beimont, making a to
tal of.SII.SSS.nOSB6.
Perry Belrhont's admiration for Mrs.
Sloane has. been for several years one of
the sweet morsels of gossip of New York
society, and it was expected by everybody
that after a year or two he would marry
the lovely divorcee. | The unprecedented
way in which matters were expedited was
unexpected, to say the least.
At 3:15 Friday afternoon, April 28, Mrs.
Sloane received the news that she was no
longer a wife. The hoodoo day of the
bride-to-be had no terrors for her. • Half
an hour later she was told that Mr. Bel
mont was waiting in the drawing room,
and before the hand of the clock on the
great- staircase had marked another
quarter of an hour the couple left the
house and wore driven to the station. At
7 o'clock that evening they were made
man and wife by the Rev. Walter M.
Barrows, pastor of th© Second Congrega
tional Church at Greenwich, Conn.
The ceremony over they drove to the
station, took the first train for New York,
and at 11 p. m. departed for Washington.
There is another detail of the story yet
to be recorded. It refers to the home
that belonged to Airs. Sloane. now Mrs.
i'clmont, 9 East Seveutyrsecond street,,
which was transferred to her last Octo
ber by Mr. Sloane. Before she left the
city she convoyed the house and its con
tents, together valued at $550,000, to the
State Trust Company, with instructions
to convey it back again to Mr. Sloane..
If at the end of ninety days he shall not
have accepted the deed. Mrs. Belmont di
rects that • the bouse shall be. sold and
the proceeds of the sale kept In trust for
her children. •
Very unlike the second marriage of this
beautiful woman was her first to Henry
T. Sloane some fifteen years ago. It was
not dreamed by the onlookers then that
some day the principals' in that sumptu
ous wedding feast- would be the principals
in a cause celebre that would stir the so
ciety folks of this country. Mrs. Slnane
was" Jessie. Bobbins of Brooklyn, a dainty,
ethereal beauty, with gentle" manners .-mil
an amiable disposition. With instinctive
tact she. became a leader irr sockty and
made friends everywhere. The couple
seemed most . happily mated. Henry
Sloane, somewhat of a recluse before his
marriage and a devotee to business,
changed perceptibly under the gracious
influence of J hie wife. He went with her
into society and encouraged her by his
wealth and his presence in making for
herself one of the most enviable posi
tions amorg the Four Hundred of the me
tropolis. When children came to bless
the union, the husband lapsed back into
his quiet ways, and his old. love for busi
ness grew stronger as he grew older.
Gradually the breach between the two in
creased.- ai il thai it was never closed is
proven by the climax. '
Her husband's -Immense wealth had
provided her with jewels that outshone
those of almost any woman of her ac
quaintance and she became known as the
best gowned woman of her set. Under
the direction of Mrs. Jacob Astor and
Mrs. '"-'' n Mills, her boson friends, Mrs.
Sloane became a leader, and in that so
cial quarrel as to who should wear the
mantle of Mrs. Astor. Mrs. Sloane was
selected to represent her coterie.
While Jessie Kohbins Sloane flitted
about the gay mazes of social affairs, her
husband watched from afar, Quarrels
arose followed by reconciliations which
were broken by renewed quarrels. Other
men admired the . beautiful young wife,
and suspicion lurked in the breast of the
husband. The Sloane set .gossiped about
the separations between the two that
lasted for days nnd weeks, and finally be
came permanent. It is said that It was
at Newport last August that Mr. Sloane
found confirmation for his suspicions. II
was whispered about Newport that Mr.
So-and-So had fallen from his wheel anr
been badly battered and bruised aboui
the head and face. Then came the an
nouncement that Mr. and Mrs. Sloan*
had separated lor good. She went to tin
town house of the Sloanes and the hus
band took quarters at the Buckingham
Hotel. The "two girls were left with th<
mother. 
Rumors came out from time to tim<
that there would be a reconciliation, bu
they were never verified. Instead, sul
was filed for divorce. Nobody knew of i
until it was granted and followed imme
diately by tho remarriage of the divorce*
and her present husband. Thus ends thi
chapter of the separation of the Sloanes
Besides her children, Mrs. Sloane had al
so to give up her dower rights. But thi
latter clause ought not to distress Mrs
Belmont. •■-"■" ' '
'" Some, who seem to know, say that no
at Newport was Inaugurated the flna
separation of the Sloanes, but at tin
Metropolitan Opera-house. On the nigh
penetrated into the valley and cast the
shadow of the groat peaks in fantastic
Streaks miles in length, so that in my
weakened state 1 fancied giants were
advancing ovjw the floor of some vast,
sanded parlor.
"Hours parsed. A frightful thirst
had assailed me, exposed as I had been
all day to the burning rays of the sun,
and I now felt my tongue swollen to
such an extent that it seemed to fill
my mouth. I could not summon a par
ticle of moisture to my cracked lips.
"The night paused thus. When day
dawned I still held the pick and my
nerves had somewhat recovered their
normal condition. It was then that I
contemplated, for the first time, the
possibility of cutting steps up the al
niost precipitous face of the mountain.
"How did I set about it? I struck
the pick by a backward blow of my
right arm into the earth, relieving my
self of its weight and at the same time
freeing my right hand. I then slowly
turned over on my face and support
ing myself by the cactus caught hold
of the rock with my right hand in thia
reversed position.
"I then raised my head and took a
survey of the situation. I should saj
here that the fact that my face was
turned from the depths below me to
ward the mountain did much to restore
my nerve and give me confidence in
my undertaking. Then I cut my first
step.
"It was early dawn when I began. It
was nearly dark when I finished the
one hundred and thirty-second step
and, nearly exhausted, crawled past
the spot where I had commenced to
Blip. A few rods away my burro was
contentedly munching at a sagebush.
I staggered to my canteen and drank
until nearly choked. Then I flung my
self down and slept.
"I guess there's a Providence that
watches over prospectors. Somehow
I've come to believe It."
of November 80 Marcella Sembrich ap
peared there, and Mrs. Sloane was In her
box, resplendent in all her diamonds.
With her were several men who had been
forbidden Mr. Sloane's house. There was
some loud talk, and Mrs. Sloane vanished
from the scene. She immediately sent
for her brother, Herbert D. Robbing, and
he, it is said, roundly belabored the hus
band for his ungallant conduct. To the
divorce suit Mrs. Belmont made no de
fense.
• • •
PULPIT PROTESTS
AGAINST
Divorce.
THE recent Sloane-Belmont'Sloan©
divorce and marriage In New York,
which served to accentuate the pre
valence of divorce in the fashionable
world, has called forth many forci
ble expressions of opinion concern
ing divorce from social leaders and th©
clergy. ~ ' ■ !.>-*;*■? r --'tV.-*
Cardinal Gibbons, speaking at the Phil
adelphia Cathedral last Sunday, said:
By Cardinal Gibbons.
"This country was shocked but a few
days ago by the marriage of a prominent
woman, almost before the ink on the^dl
vorce papers was dry, to another man." \
. He did not mention any names, but he
made the declaration so clearly that It
could not be mistaken that he Intended to
Indicate his disapproval of the divorce
which had been granted and the subse
quent speedy , marriage of Mrs. Sloan© to
■ Perry Belmont. . ..'■ ■ ; •-';
By Dean Faxrar, Canterbury, England
I feel no hesitation whatever In declar
ing in th© strongest possible terms my
conviction that the strength and prosperi
ty of the nation depends more on the In
dissoluble sacredness of. the marriage
bond than upon any other conditions.
. A great man has said, that "the. foun
dation stone of the republic is the hearth
stone." . Certainly the happiness of every
individual life depends more on the tender
sanctity of the home affections than upon
any other circumstances. ..■'=•.':•
The grandeur of ancient Rome was
built to a very great extent upon faithful
ness to the marriage tie, and when the
shameful day came in which the satiric
historian could say that many women no
longer reckoned the years by the names
of the consuls, but by the names of the
husbands whom they had divorced, then
the freedom and glory of Rome became
more and more overshadowed.
The unit in a nation is the family, and
if the ties of family lie lax the cohesion
of the whole nation must suffer.
It is the duty of the nation to impress
on the minds of all people the sacramen
tal dignity of wedded life. This must
be the main element of human happiness.
A nation which suffers marriage to lapse
Into loose and easily terminable union Is
doomed sooner or later to perish by its
own Inward decay.
Ey Eight Rev. W. A. Leonard, Bishop
of Ohio.
"The good people of the United States
.■!!■• raising a great hue and cry," said the
Bishop, "against the admission of a mem
■ her of Congress who is a polygamist,
when practical polygamy is being prac
ticed all over the country. Things. have
me to such a pass that the Himsiest pre
text is made the means of suing for a
divorce. A slight Quarrel or miserable
lust are alike made means to this end."
Bishop Leonard then went on to say
thai he wanted the church laws so severe
thai a divorced person cannot be remar
ried by any Episcopal clergyman. He ad
mitted that the system he advocated
wouJ.d cause great suffering among many
Over the Precipice Into Death Valley.
"At I sjld, howe-ver. I retained eufflcient presence of mind to clutch at everything which might impede my prog
ress; but there was not much on that barren slope. The next few seconds were terrible. I knew that if nothing stopped
me I was lost. It was while I was sliding these few last feet that the phenomenon so often experienced by men who
have been suddenly put In extraordinarily perilous positions occurred in my own case. In a single instant It seemed aa
if the whole panorama of a busy life, extending over forty-seven wears, waa flashed before me,"
who are worthy and innocent of wrong
Intent, but the times are. In his estima
tion, so out of joint that the most radi
cal measures must be taken to proyida
against utter degeneracy.
• • •
SOCIETY DIVORCES
IN
New York.
FIFTY years ago we were a simple
peopl« in very fact. To our grand
fathers and their fathers the mar
riage service really meant the
union of two lives. Divorce was
practically unknown. They took
each other for better or for worse, and
they thought and prayed before they
made these solemn vows. Having made
them, they lived up to them, or If they
did not they were properly held up to the
contempt of the community.
Once In a lifetime, as In the case of the
Sickles tragedy, a weak woman fell. Then
her husband shot the man, put tha woman
away from him, according to Biblical or
ders, and society applauded, though it
took It years to recover from the shock
of tha Sickles divorce case.
Then came the Beecher-Tllton divorce.
It resulted In tha immolation of the
woman, th© exiling of her husband and
general desolation for all concerned. That
divorce shook th© American nation from
center to circumference.
The Coleman Drayton divorce., with Its
scandalous revelations, brought the fair
est and first family of the country Into
the Divorce Court Mrs. Coleman Dray
ton was Miss Charlotte Astor, a daughter
of Mrs, William Astor.
The social world stood transfixed at the
thought of an attack upon a woman of
the Astor family. Without more than a
casual reference to this painful case, it
may be said that its prominence and the
sequel to the divorce, the remarriage of
Mrs. Coleman Drayton to Mr. Halg of
England and the acceptance of that lady
socially by the highest dignitary of the
church when she returned to America as
the bride of Mr. Halg, did more to ad
vance the laxity with which the marriage
tie was afterward regarded than any
other social incident of the century.
Sober-minded men and women recall
Ward McAllister's statement— and what
ever may bo said as to his worldllness. it
is certain that no one- better knew his
metier than the creator of the Four Hun
dred.
"Society," said Mr. McAllister, "la
founded upon the sacredness of the home
and family ties. Divorce destroys the
home. It would destroy society wera a
married divorcee ever to be accepted as
a leader."
But the deadly upas tree waa already
thriving. And society has nourished it
with prodigality. To-day it overshadows
the law and the gospel. Looking without
preiudlco at the condition of New York
society to-day one finds that In scarcely
one prominent family Is the divorce court
unknown territory-
First of all, the Astors. Mrs. William
Astor, who was so stern in her disap
proval of divorces that she would not re
ceive a divorcee In her drawing room,
now finds herself obliged to admit and
accept women who have followed in her
own daughter's lead. When Mrs. Wil
liam Astor gave a dinner party for her
daughter. Mrs. Haig, and Bishop Potter,
the head of the church of the diocese or
New York, and his wife accepted an in
vitation to that dinner, the social doors
were thrown open to divorced men and
women.
Next to the Astors the Belmonts have
been regarded as social powers. Third in
importance come tbe Vanderbllts.
Before society had recovered from tho
sensation produced by the c'oleman Dray
ton incident Mrs. William K. Va.nderbilt
treated the world to a series of surprises.
Mrs. Vanderbilt, without any opposition
rrom Mr. Vanderbilt, secured a divorce
from her husband on statutory grounds.
Mr. Vanderbilt settled $5,000,000 or $6,000,
--uuo upon his former wife, with yearly ali
mony of JL'OO.OOO. With her freedom from
the marital bonds she thus became one of
the richest unmarried American women.
-iV-iii- n a few months the eldest child of
William i K. Vanderbilt, Consuelo, became
the bride of the Duke of Martborough,
whose mother, the Marchioness nf Bland
fdrd, had obtained a divorce from the
Duke s father, also on statutory Krounds,
and who has lived in seclusion "ever since.
Mrs. \ anderbilt almost immediately after
her daughter s marriage became the wife
of O. H. P. Belmont.
O. H. P. Belmont waa a divorced man
116 - Hls wlfe was 168
Sallle Whiting. She obtained a divorca
from O. P. H. Belmont and the cus
tody of their only child, a daughter who
is now a young woman.
Shortly after securing her divorce Mr
Belmont's first wife married Mr. Georga
M. Rives, a wldowar, whose first wife
was a Miss Schermerhorn, a niece of Mra.
Astor. The Belmonta, Astors and Van
derbllts have long been intimate friends.
The older members of the family made
up the first great social triumvirate. The
Vanderbilt divorce was the first actual
break in the trinity.
At the time of the Vanderbilt divorce
Mrs. George M. Rives, formerly Mrs. Bel
mont, was very lntJmate, as she 1b now,
with the Astors.
Mrs. Orme Wilson, formerly Carrie A«
tor, and the present Mrs. Bivea are inti
mate friends. Mrs. Wilson 18 the sister
in-law of Mrs. Ogden Goelet. and Mrs.
Ogden Goelet is a slater of young Mra.
Cornelius Vanderbilt. The Cornelius
Vanderbilt Jrs. are ostracised by the re
mainder of the Vanderbilt connection,
and the patient reader who chooses to do
so may amuse himself by untangling the
complication that followed.
Mra. O. H. P. Belmont, formerly Mrs.
W. K. Vanderbilt, was in maiden lire Miss
Alva Smith. Her sister Jennie married
Fernando Yznaga, brother of the present
Duchess of Manchester. Society waa de
lighted and came to the wedding with Its
congratulations. Then came the divorce,
and Mrs. Yznaga shortly after married
Mr. AVillie Tiffany. Society gaily con
gratulated some more.
Then Fernando Yznagra, Mrs. Vander
bilt-Belmont's former brother-in-law,
married lovely Mabel Wright, and soci
ety, nothing daunted, again congratu
lated.
The second Mrs. Yznaga went to Sioux
City and got a divorce ana" married Count
Bela Zichy. Socletv looked a little daaed,
but came to the tront again with jfood
wishes.
Clara Stephens when she married "Wil
lie Havemtyer was congratulated with
special heartiness. The Havemeyers are
another excellent family. But Mrs. Wil
lie got her divorce and married Jack
Bloodgood.
About this time the Dakota divorce
broke with terrific force over the smart
world. Women of fashion disappeared
for a brief time and returned from the
West rejuvenated In appearance, and di
vorced, of course. The upas tree put
forth not only new leaves, but whole
branches of rank foliage in scandal and
accusation. The situation, once painful,
grew finally to he regarded as a never
failing subject for jest. Men and women
of fashion gave up the task of trying to
Invite to their homes people who were not
Involved in divorce and remarriage com
plications. At the Vanderbilt-Fa!r nup
tials there were assembled under one roof
plaintiffs, defendants, ex-wives and ex
husbands in hopeless but undaunted con
fusion. The Astor-Vanderbilt-Belmont-
Sloane tangle had to be unraveled in ;:!1
its complications. Tho seating cf the
guests at that wedding breakfast was a
feat worthy of Alexander the Great.
Then came the last big rent In divorce
society. On April 28 Mr. Henry Sloane,
at 4 o clock In the afternoon, was avrard
ed a decree of divorce from his Wife,
Jessie Robbins Sloane, with the cuutody
of the two Sloane children.ODD VOCATIONS FOLLOWED AT STANFORD UNIVERSITY.
THE different metho..: ..ich
ambitious men and women make
their way through Stanford Uni
versity are so many monuments to
the ability and perseverance of
young America.
■ are 1153 students at Stan
ford— C l ." 1 men and 463 women. Every tenth
n th« quadrangle of a
■ arns his entire living at the uni
versity, while every sixth person earns
a part of his way.
This in Itself Is a record that few edr.
--■ nal Institutions can equal, but tak
conslderation the men alone it
ird none can surpass.
Probably not over twenty women make
: total expanses on the. campus. Of
690 men, then, one In every
s his entire way through college and
: every four earns a part of his way.
average expense of the students is
»| per month, considering both the
rb," who spends $20 a month, and The
• ' man, who spends $50. The total dis
sement is therefore $31, 5 M per month,
b $20,700 is expended by the 690
men. Over S-t^W is earned each month by
the male students alone, so It is only a
• matter of arithmetic to find that the
men of Pianford earn upon the promises
;■ a seventh of all they spend.
The ways in which this large sum is
re varied. The principal source
tnent at present is the Stanford
;. i::n. an interior view of which
appears above. Here twenty-five men and
girl are employed. Seven of the men
>^ork In the kitchen and the remainder
en the tables. The inn feeds 150
ptudenti at every meal. The employed
Fvjdents are required to -work three hours
per day for their board, which is valued
at $1S per month; but rome earn from $7
to $8 per month overtime.
If a waiter mak-s a. mistake In a meal
check, or dn.ps cr breaks a dish, he is r^>
asslst in scrubbing out the res
taurant on Saturdays. It is needless to
pay i hiii r every waiter scrubs.
Waiting at table is a favorite method
of working through college. Eight men
and two girls are employed in Roble, the
CLEVER TRICK PLAYED
ON JOHN HOPE, BURGLAR
j HAPPENED to be in the Jefferson
j Market Police Court one morning
! last week when a 6eedy, emaciated,
Market Police Court one morning
■eek when a seedy, emaciated,
jj palsied old man was 'va^g-ed' by the
JL Magistrate for begging on the
streets," said a long-service New
York detective who was in Washing
ton on a still hunt the other day. "I
hadn't seen this man for thirty years,
but I thought that I recognized him as
he Etood leaning on the rail in front of
thr* Magistrate's desk, and when he went
d<>wn for thirty days and 'stepped back'
I spoke to him and found that I wasn't
mistaken in his Identity. The sight of
him took me back to the old days when
JV ss Tweed was 'It' In New York, and
7-hr-n the situation in the big town was
such that police officials had a good deal
more intimate knowledge of the doings
of professional criminals than they have
nowadays. Here's the story that the
sight of the old vag recalled to me:
"One day In the autumn of IS7O 'Little
Johnny' Hope, probably the most finished
and successful bank burglar who ever
worked a drill in this country, was walk
ing: long Sixth avenue enjoying. his pa
role and the mellow sunshine. There were
a whole lot of Indictments hanging over
him, of course, but the indictments didn't
worry 'Little Johnny.' for he happened
to be on pretty fair terms with the mu
nicipal administration at that time. As
'■ swung along he was accosted by a
' rous-looking man whom he did not
know, although the man addressed him
*3 'Mr. Hope.' 'Little Johnny' took the
itranger into a cafe and asked him
things.
" 'In the first place, how did you know
me?' ho inquired of the. stranger.
""Well, it appeared that 'Little Johnny'
had been pofnted out to the stranger by
a detective who was so shady that he
afterward did time for secretly 'extend
ing aid and succor to the enemy'— i. c.. a
famous band of New York crooks.
■• 'Well,' said 'Little Johnny' to the
stranger, 'I don't suppose you're seeking
my acquaintanceship for the sake of being
introduced into society or for the enjoy
ment of my winning ways. What's your
graft?) :.'.^ :^,,:' / -^v
"Then the stranger 'up and told' him
his 'graft' was.
r* 'I'm the cashier" of . a bank up in the
country,' said he to 'Little Johnny' Hope.
'The directors don't know anything about
It, but I'm, short in my accounts. There's
only one way out of it. The benk*ll have
girls' dormitory dinlng-ronm. and proba
bly a dozen others abuiit the campus or
In Talo Alto.
Next in importance in a Mpr way is the
I'nlversity Press. Here aboul six s-;i
--dents are employed setting type. They
work from 1 o'clock in the .'. ft r rn"on to 6
In the evening, and earn from $20 to $2?,
according to their skill.
Newspaper work is quite a factor in rol
legp employment. The Call, Chronicle
and Examiner each pay their correspond
ents from $.'<s to $40 par month during the
collofrinte year. The business agency f.>r
these three papers Is held by one stu
rsonally delivers them and
makes $25 per month.
One student has a hoot and shop repair
shop back of the gymnasium, from which
he realizes in the neighborhood «>f 130 p r
month, besides Bpending about $70 per
year for outside assistance.
Next door to the shoe shop is a bicycle
shop, managed by a student, who receives
;■!" 11l ISO per month.
Equally remunerative are the univer
sity candy store, and b fruit store in Palo
Alto, both operated by students.
On the campus Is a Western Union
Telegraph office and a Sunset Telephone
pay station. It requires two students to
attend to the duties of the business, and
they make about $15 a month apiece.
The Southern Pacific night operator at
the Palo Alto station is a student, and
the company has an agent on the cam
pus. The former- receives $30 per month,
and the latter a smaller salary and trans
portation.
At Encina Hall, the men's dormitory,
two students act as policemen, receiving
their room free for their services. They
seldom need any deputies, fnr they are
generally picked according to size or rep
utation, but not Infrequently they are
called upor. to earn their salary.
There is also a student clerk in the
Encina offlre. who receives $20 a month
and his room.
Four laundries have agencies in Encina
Hall and one at Roble. The agencies are
each worth about $6 a month.
to be robbed by professional cracksman.
That will let me out, and in addition I'll
get my rake-off from the robbery. I want
you to rob the bank. You'll find $35,000 j
in cash In it on the night you arrange the I
job— l'll attend to that. Of course. I want
my bit out of that— slo,ooo at least I've
always heard that you arc square In these
divisions, and therefore I'll trust you to
hand me my share after you've <lone the
jofi for putting you onto it.'
"This sounds good enough to eat,' re
plied "Little Johnny," who wasn't born
next week and who could see a mantrap
as far as a twelve-Inch gun will shoot.
'Fact Is, it's so sweet that it's almost
cloying. Now, I've heard your proposi
tion. You give me a couple of days to
investigate you. and then we'll talk busi
ness.'
"They appointed another meeting at the
same place two days later, and in the
meantime Hope looked into the job. He
found that his man really was the cashier
of a prominent bank in a town not more
than half an hour's run from New York.
So when the cashier called upon him at
the appi »nted time h« was ready to talk
business.
" 'You'll have a hard night's work,' said j
the cashier, 'for in order to avert suspi- !
cion I'll have to leave the vaults and safe
all locked up tighter'n a drum, as usual.
You'll need several assistants."
" 'You just pass those details up to me,'
replied Hope. 'Every man to his trade.
They don't make 'em so strong that I
can't get into 'em.'
"Thrn all of the details were arranged j
and the robbery was fixed for a certain i
night in the following week. The cashier j
was especially solicitous that he should i
get his share of the proceeds of the crib
cracking. Hope assured him that if there
was $35,000 in the job $25,000 would be'
enough for himself and his assistants and
ih<- cashier would get the rest.
"On the night fixed "itttle Johnny' and
three of his best men went up to the
town and pulled off the Job. It was a
matter of four hours before the gang,
after overpowering and tying and gag
ging the night watchman, got into the
main safe. They found it empty. They
then tackled the smaller safes. These,
too, were empty. 'Little Johnny' was
mad, as can be readily imagined.
" 'It wu the first and last time I ever
played the part of a "good thing" In a
job like that,' be said afterward,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
A young lady student Is employed In
the poptnffict- at a fair salary.
Within the gift of the student body are
several remunerative offices. They are
elective, the elections being: held near the
close of each semester". The Australian
ballot system is need, the university cata
logue answering' for a great register.
The campaigns are often sharp, with
every now and then an election fraud to
lend a reality zest to college politics.
The most desirable pay position la that
of student body treasurer. It is worth
$000 a year.
Next are the newspapers, the Daily
Palo Alto and the Weekly Sequoia. The
editor and business manager of the daily
are elected seml-annually; of the weekly
once a year. The raliA of the offices de
pends on the business managers. If they
are good rustlers the jobs are each worth
from $30 to SCO per month, the editors get
ting two-fifths and the business managers
three-fifths of the net proceeds. There is
considerable honor and good experience
attached to these offices.
In connection with the newspapers
there are six solicitors, three on each
publication, who make about $10 each per
month.. There are two carriers on the
daily, who make $10. and on the weekly
one mailer, who is paid $4.
During the first three months of the fall
semester there is a football manager, who
is paid $70 a month. The expenses of the
office are as -high as its honors, so the
chief remuneration is glory.
In the departments of instruction a
good many students find employment.
First stands the library, with five stu
dent assistants, each receiving $20 per
month. This is considered one of the best
"Now. that was pretty clever work on
the part of the cashier, wasn't It? He
had simply looted the bank himself, and
the robbery which he had . arranged was
simply to cover up his trail. There have
bpon 'Napoleons of finance' without num
ber developed from the ranks of bank
cashiers, but I never heard of a cleaner
bit of work than that. It was, I think, a
bit of absolute genius.
"Of course. 'Little Johnny' and his as
sistant? had only to pack their tools and
get back to New York. They weren't In
a position to say anything about how they
had been fooled. 'Little Johnny' had to
read in the afternoon papers the account
of how the bank had been robbed of cash
and securities 'approximating $100,000 in
amount," and grind his teeth. The bank's
failure was announced a few days later.
"Two months after that it fell to my lot
to handcuff myself to 'Little Johnny' and
to take him up to Sing Sing on a New
York Central train. One of the Indict
ments against him was pressed for some
reason or other and he got a five-year
stunt. The train we took for Sing Sing
prison was a local affair, and It stopped
at all the little stations. 'Little Johnny,'
who sat next to the window, looked Idly
out at the loungers around the stations.
At one of the stations not far from Sing
Sing I noticed his face suddenly darken
with rage, and I asked him what was up.
He pointed out a slick-looking man who
was sitting in a dogcart beside the sta
tion, and he cursed him in a blood-curd
ling way before he was able to tell me
the story I've told you. The man in the
dogcart was the cashier who had been
crafty enough to put it all over 'Little
Johnny' Hope, probably the most wily
criminal in his particular line who ever
operated in this country. The failure of
the bank hadn't hurt the cashier at all
in the estimation of his townsmen— bank
was robbed b" cracksmen, y 1 see, and
how could the cashier help it? Oh, that
cashier was good, all right.
"Well, it wasn't up to me to say any
thing about what 'Little Johnny' had told
me, although I frequently saw the cashier
flying high in New York after that. 1
lost track of him after a couple of years,
however, and concluded that he had
struck out for the West or somewhere
or another with his beautifully contrived
rakedown from the bank.
"rje was the emaciated, palsied old vag
I saw in Jefferson Market Police Court
last week."— Washington Star,
places to work on the campus. It is neat
and instructive.
Next ■ In Importance are the gymna
siums. At Roble three .air: assistants are
employed, and at Bnclna three men. Each
assistant receives about 110 per month.
The preside] office employs regularly
two stenogrkpliers and typewriters at $15
each per month, and one clerk at C3O.
Tin is also a student who cares for the
university --<•■. book and receives about
?10.
The chemistry department gives six stu
dents their "lab" fees, of $20 a semester,
for work done In the laboratories. In the
physiology and zoology departments two
students make $10 to $15 per month each,
caring for the demonstration rooms.
The geology department has one stu
dent earning $15 to $20. caring for speci
mens. Both the geology and physiology
departments have a student instructor,
who receive $30 a month iii each case. In
the history department two stenograph
ers are employed, and advanced students
make several dollars a month examining
and marking "ex." papers and making
maps. The economics and education de
partments each employ stenographers,
who are paid $15 a month apiece.
A large number of students are em
ployed in coaching or tutoring. The work
brings in about $10 or $15 a month while
it lasts, but the employment is erratic.
The German department has six regis
tered tutors, Romanic languages about
RUNNING FISH FAIRLY PACK A CALIFORNIA STREAM
A most remarkable occnrreno« took place 1b Kelssy Greek, ILake County, last week. Every spring a species of fish called the hitch rv.n ap from Clear TaTt*
to spawn during the last freshet of the season.
The rains of week before last flHed the creek banks full and the fish made their annual pilgrimage, but on attempting to return to the lake they were strand
ed by the water running beneath the gravel. They were piled up literally by the millions. They were piled over three feet deep by actual measurement and cov
ered several acres of space.
Hundreds of people were attracted by the unusual sight and the neighboring farmers hauled them home by the wagon loads and fed them to the hogs.
The hitch are about the size and color of herring and range from ten to twelve Inches In length.
Form a Solid Mass Over Three Feet Deep.
the same number and Greek and Latin
six. ■ There Is also considerable coaching
done on the side, which the departments
know nothing about. '-'' ■/'; '■'' v'-Jfv
All this work Is desirable and hence the
competition is great. . Especially is the
university stocked with typewriters and
stenographers and persons wishing to do
clerical work. • ; ■ , :
The employment outlined so far Is only
such as one would naturally suppose was
being done, but when' we step out into
the realm of odd jobs we find to what
straits student Ingenuity is taxed to
make ends meet, frayed though the ends
may be. ; ' :
The work about to be considered is the
j "real thing." and it is the test as to how
much a person Is willing to put up with
for the sake of an education. The situa
tion of Stanford is well adapted to . ad
vance student employment, being distant
from any city of any. consequence, so, as
the institution grows, the opportunities
for work will increase. The bane of
student employment in the past has been
incompetency, which gave student labor
a bad name; but by the system at present
In vogue of tabooing- any incompetent
person' confidence is being restored.
Last year, under the direction of Pro
fessor M. R. Smith, an Information office
for student labor was established, and
while the arrangement has not been so
, successful this year because- of .the ab
sence of Mrs. Smith, with her return next
fall It. will be readjusted. The aim of the
i office was to supersede the methods of
assisting ' students by personal interven
tion on the part of the employers .and
solicitation ,on the part of the student,
with a central office, where all who desire
work can register and all who want work
ers can apply. The students fill, out the
following blank, checking off each of the
things he can do:
GENERAL, HOUSE- Read aloud
WORK. GARDENING.
Cooking,
Waiting on table, . Cut lawns.
Washing dishes. Plant flowers,
Chamberwork, Irrigate (lowers,
1 Care of children. ' Trim hedges,
Plain sewing. Trim roses, etc..
Mending, Make walks. •;•;
Dressmaking, . Pick and shovel
Assisting at parties. work.
CARPENTER WORK. CLERICAL. WORK.
Making shelves, Shorthand,
Repairing woodwork. Typewriting,
Laying sidewalks, Copying,
Putting in window ! Wrapping,
glass. ' Clerk In store.
HOUSECLEANING. Bookkeeping. .
Wash windows. '. MISCELLANEOUS.
Beat carpets, in™!,,-. i
H^ng^r' Cutting' wood.
vSIrL^ d h V ' arnlßh - J«J«tor work
Whitewash, Care of horse*.
I Scrub floors. Mllk^cows
HOURS WHEN I CAN Repair ] a wn mowers
WORK. j and too ] 8)
Sharpen scissors, etc.
STRENGTH. I Instruct In
The person in charge of the registering
then marks an A or B or C after each
kind of work checked, indicating the ap
plicant's proficiency as nearly as can be
ascertained by questioning. Then, when
requests for student labor come in a
suitable man is found, the employment
being divided as evenly as possible among
'.;. bi registered.
The rate paid for the work is 15 or 20
cents an hour, and it is a fact that the
supply of labor is not adequate for the
demand. There is very little competi
tion between the men and women. Of the
forty-three kir.ds of work in the list but
sixteen are applicable to women and there
is a constant undersupply of women
workers.
The majority of the workers among the
m< n reside in The Camps, a barrackslike
row of frame buildings back of the
••quaii." There are forty rooms which rent
for $2 each a month. The majority of the
men "batch" and so live on $12 or $15 a
month.
j Other students club together and hire
a studev.t cook. This scheme costs little
more and the food obtained Is more pal
atable ■ and healthy. Most of the work
comes from the triple row of professors'
residences and fraternity houses east of
The Camp. After a man has made a
reputation he has all the work he can
do. One student last year arrived In The
Camp with just five cents In his pocket
and returned home In the spring with $65.
There are a number of instances where
students have had only $10 or $15 a year
outside assistance. The work that The
Camp boys generally do is included in
the list under the headings: Carpenter
work, gardening, house-cleaning and mis
cellaneous, and it is done principally In
the afternoons or on Saturdays.
But this is not by any means all the
work carried on. One student makes con
siderable taking photographs and an
other by doing scientific drawing.
Toward the close of each semester stu
dents organize transfer companies and
vie with each other In getting: contracts
for taking trunks to Palo Alto.
One- student solicits jobs of pressing and
mending for a tailor shop.
The.-c are a number doing cuores for
their board, and one student cooks and
does housework for a family of two.
A couple of students were engaged fnr
a while hauling and laying brick. At the
beginning of each semester there are odd
jobs at the University book store, in the
president and the registrar's offices and
occasionally during the year In the
library.
The drawing department spends about
$">0 a month for student employment. One
m.in cares for the studios and several
pose for the life and portrait classes.
Here is where a good figure is more than
a thing of beauty to the owner. Posing
requires nerve and patience, but It pays
well.
Another unusual way of making money
is scraping and mounting skeletons for
the zoological department, and still an
other is providing subjects for dissection
in the physiology and zoology labora
tories. v -->.;"'
Students go out and shoot or trap squir
rels, jackrabblts and birds and catch or
lasso dogs and cats. They receive 25
rents apiece for each subject. Conse
quently there are few animals In the. Im
mediate vicinity of the campus, and pet
dogs have to be tagged and closely
guarded. Not Infrequently frat brothers
or sorority sisters are horrified to see
their especial pet opened out before a
science class to demonstrate the Internal
mechanism of the quadruped, and when
ever a pet animal is missing In Palo Alto
the owner knows where to find— his re
mains.
At least six students earn their entire
way by collecting marine forms and zo
ological specimens for the Eastern col
leges. They receive S2O for e%*ery collec
tion. This method is open only to science
students and upper classmen.
So far little has been said abont the
employment of women. They work at
occupations In the list under the heads of
general housework and clerical work.
There are several girls taking economics
and sociology as their major study, with
the Idea of some day having charge of a
publlo Institution. They are working their
way through and doing house and other
similar work from choice, because of the
experience gained thereby.
One young lady earns her way by mak
ing girls' "gym" suits. Roble Hall fur
nishes employment for one girl as door
keeper.
A favorite employment with the women
Is music-teaching of all kinds, and one
young lady teaches a private school In
Palo Alto. Tliis work, after a class la
started, is genteel and lucrative. Uni
versity girls have made considerable aa
organists for the various churcaes in the
towns around about the campus, and
others furnish music for private parties.
These, then, are the schemes by which
Stanford students work their way through
college and earn in the aggregate $3300
per month. For a student to succeed in
this life he must have a level head and a
good constitution. IU- mu9t veneer his
sensitiveness with good common-sense
and be able to endure many hardships.
There Is no romance in working your way
through college, and little pleasure, un
less you enjoy hard work and do not
allow little things to worry you. A stu
dent working his way has to compete in
his elapses with students who have noth
ing to do but study.
Students taking scientific or engineering
courses have their afternoons token up
with laboratories, and are still further
handicapped by having studies that re
quire long, persevering application rather
than especial genius. Resides, these
courses are expensive, requiring labora
tory fees and instruments. Tn every case
It is the best adapted who have best suc
cess.
After it is all through with and the stu
dent holds In his hand the coveted
diploma, ask him If he thinks it was
worth the while. His answer will depend
upon his temperament, but the chancea
aie that he will say he Is glad, now that
it is over, though he doubts if he would
have the nerve to do it again, and he ad
vises others to earn at least a part of
their expenses beforehand.
It won t do for a pessimist youth to at
tempt the feat. He is sure to become
"sauerballed." as the saying is, and grad
uate with a disposition that eminently fits
him for chief tester at an acetic acid fac
tory; but for the boy with plenty of pluck
and good health and a cheery state of
mind, why. come on and try.
A rat's tail Is a wonderful thing. The
great naturalist, Cuvier, says that there
are more muscles in this curious append
age than are to be found in that part of
the human anatomy which is most ad
mired for its ingenious structure—name
ly, the hand. To the rat, In fact, Its tail
serves aB a sort of hand, by means of
which the animal is enabled to crawl
along narrow ledges or other difficult
passages, using it to balance with or to
gain a hold. It Is prehensile, like the
tails of some rnonkeyß. By means of it
the little beast can Jump up heights
otherwise inaccessible, employing it as a
projectile spring.
2122
WitKN 1 heard that Agulnaldo had as o::e of his lieutenants an
officer, a Korninsan. who spoke English and French fluently
ho sometimes was called Maclean and at other times Van
["at, 1 btcanie convinced that he was out of the common
n;n and I determined to see and speak with him.
The first time I f=aw Maclean was at Cavite. Later on 1
visited him at Bakor, on the staff of Aguinaldo. After talking
with him a dozen time* I was apparently no nearer his confidence than
before I had met him. He was a man upon whose face was written un
told suffering. He had received a very good education and had a splendid
military knowledge. He despised his surroundings. The only man to
■whom he seemed a comrade was an educated Tagallo, Alexandrino, an
adjutant, and one in whom Aguinaldo placed undoubted confidence.
Alexandrino's was a dark nature, "a fellow for conspiracies and
crimes." He said to me once, "This country is doomed to years of war,
and It Is better so, we will be rid of a surplus population."
I saw no more of Maclean, or Van Ix>o Tat, until one day after the
capitulation of Manila, when Surgeon Whiting, in charge of the smallpox
hospital, came to me with the news that a friend of mine, one of Aguin
aldo's officers, was dying and wished to see me.
When I came to the cane cot Maclean feebly held out a hand and
gradually drifted into the chief story of his life.
He spnke in French. "My friend, he said, "you are not alone in want-
Ing to know of me. I hope It may do you some good. It has never been of
benefit to me. this knowledge of nv
"l was born In Form «a, near the village of Tamsul, during the time
Ldu-Ming-Chu'an was Governor <>f Formosa. Liu-Ming-Chu'an was a man
of extraordinary ability, and lie did more in his day to bring the. people
of Formosa to civilized ways than any other influence before or since.
"Through his ':.;: ■:• nee my father, who was a provincial chief, was in
flucen to place me with Dr. Mackay, a Protestant missionary, who gave
me the rudiments of an education. When Mr. Maclean, the F.nglish
contractor, built the Tamsul Railway. I went in his employ along the line
;■ : the track-laying force. Mr. Maclean became interested in me
to siici; .-. ■•: extent thai he sent me to Hongkong, where I entered one of
ristian Institutions to perfect my education. I soon became dissatis
fied, and, communicating my dislike to Mr. Maclean, he placed me with
a private tutor who gav< me Instruction In the French language.
••It v 1 returned to Tamsul that Mr. Maclean gave me per
mission to take his name. At The same time he placed me In charge of
th" telegraph system which be was placing through the lowland provinces
and as far into the interior as the savage tribes would permit.
"Our family is of Malayan origin and extremely clannish. We have
alwa>s despised the Chinaman or those affiliating with him. My father
was a Buddhist In his belief, and my education under different sects of
the Christian religion had not given me great confidence In the white
man's teachings, tip in the mountains, on the northern road. I was sent
to string along wires and establish telegraph stations. 1 have always
v • tat Mad- an's kindness to me sprang originally from a desire
to conciliate the tribal chiefs al ing this line of road, as they nearly all
ucr" related In some manner to my family.
•Tpon returning from the end of the line T decided to take a trip into
th> interior nnd visrl the camp of an old chief, an uncle of mine, a brother
of my mother. 1 ha/1 keen expectations of a warm welcome, but in this
I was disappointed. The old man was devoting the remaining years of
his life to weird religious rites, part Buddistlcal, part savage. 1!>- was
quite nn expert in the taming of vipers, and his performances with fire
j magic made my blood creep.
"1 should have quitted the '-amp. never to return, bad 1 not caught
Fight of his daughter. It did not take more than a minute to convince me
thni 1 should never be happy until she became my bride. As my people
rarely consult the women in this matter, I immediately made my proposal
Captain Kehhles Chance
*Do you, by Gad!" said the mate — and then the
pair of them closed without any further
preliminaries.
Copyrighted, 1899, by Cutcliffe Hyne.
•T" "T" ER cargo'll have shifted," said the third mate, "and when she got
that list her p- op!e will have felt frightened nnd left her."
— "She's a scary look to her. with her yardarms spiking every
other sea," said Captain Image, "and her decks like the side of
a house. I shouldn't care, to navigate a craft that preferred to
lie down on her beam ends."
"Takp this glass, sir, and you'll see the lee quarter boat davit tackles
arf> overhauled. That means they got at least one boat in the water. To
my mind, she's a derelict."
"I hope her crew have got to dry land somewhere, poor beggars," said
Captain Image. "Nasty things, those old wind jammers, Mr. Strake.
Give me steam."'
"But there's a pile of money in her still," said the third mate, follow
ing up his own thoughts. "She's an iron nhip, and she'll be 2000 tons good.
Likely enough in the Frisco grain trade."
Strake drummed at tho white rail of the bridge. He was a very young
man, and lie was very keen on getting the chance of distinguishing him
pelf; and here, on the warm, windless swells abeam, the chance seemed
to sit beckoning him. "I've been thinking, sir, if you could lend me half
a dozen men I could take her in somewhere myself."
"I'm as likely to lend you half a dozen angels. Look at the deck
hands; look at the sickly trip this has been. We've had to put some of
them on double tricks at the wheel already; and as for getting any paint
ing done or having the ship cleaned up a bit, why I can see we shall go
into Liverpool as dirty as a Geordie collier. Mr. Strake, if you have a
J :il of brains stowed uway anywhere, I wish to whiskers you'd show
'em sometimes.
"Old man's mad at losing a nice lump of ealvage," thought Strake.
Natural, 1 guess." So he said, quietly: "Aye, aye. sir," and walked to the
other t; : -i of the bridge.
Captain Image followed him half way, hut stopped Irresolutely, with
his hand on the r-ngine room telegraph. On the fore main deck below him
Ms old iri'-nd. Captain Owen Kettle, was leaning on the rail, staring wist
fully at the derelict
"Poor beggar," Image mused, " 'tisn't hard to guess what he's think
ing about. I wonder if I could fix it for him to take her home. It might
ect him on hi? legs again, and he's come low enough, L,ord knows. If I
hadn't given him a room in the first class for old time's sake he'd have
had to go home as a distressed seaman and touched his cap to me when
I passed. "Where were giilng to scratch him up a crew from's the thing
thai bothers me Well, we'll see." lie leaned down over the upper bridge
rail and call, d : •
■'H-MT- a minute, captain."
Poor Kettle's eye lit, and he came up the ladders with a boy's quick
ness.
Image nodded toward the deserted vessel. "Fine full-rigger, hasn't
ehe been? What do you make her out for?"
"Frisco grain Fhip. Stuff the bulk. And it's shifted."
•■Looks that way. Have you forgotten all your 'mainsail haul* and
thn square rig gymnastics?"
■I'm hard enough pushed now to remember the theory sums they
taught at navigation school If I thought they would serve me."
"I know. And I'm as sorry for you, captain, as I can hold. But you
ppp. It's this: I'm Bhort of eailormen; I've barely enough to steer and
lippp Urn decks clean; anyway, I've none to spare."
"I don't ask for fam-y goods," said Kettle., eagerly-. "Give me any
thing with bands on it— apes, niggers, stokers, what you like, arid I'll soon
THE HEAD HUNTERS
' -4 ~W *^i& «a» ■•• w
sx ? CJUOlCiifll C BiMIXC -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAT 21, 1899.
pWJdocrinocr
to the father. The old man was indignant. He delivered himself of a long
tspeech against the outside .world In general and the Japanese In par
ticular.
His venom was directed against my clothing, the manner of dressing
my hair and my unnecessary accomplishments. He criticized my father,
anil hnally wound up by denying me the girl's hand unless 1 became one
of his tribe and dropped entirely the ways of civilization
I loved the girl— Geta was her name— with a wild passion that may
not be described. For many days I brooded upon the condition, and then
C j m , P - t " tht ' conclusion that once she was my wife I could flee to Tamsul
and defy the old man.
* .'L Th< \ ! Vr- xt day 1 lald aside the clothing of the white man and the ways
of the civilized. I donned the tribal headband and assumed a position of
authority as the chiefs nephew.
"Having complacently demeaned myself to suit his pleasure I now de
manded the girl of my uncle. We were sitting before a flro from which
at win he brought by passing his hands over it red, green or yellow names.
_Ile turned his hideous, parchment-like face toward me and said:
1 mi masquerade well, my nephew, but there Is one condition you
must fulfill. Remember that you must bring in a head, the head of a
Chinaman, ere you can claim my daughter!'
Filled with horror at his demand I made a mute appeal to the
daughter.
"I am my father's daughter,' she said, looking deflantlv at me, 'and
you are a Japanese coward. Conform to our tribal customs, become a true
man, and I will be yours. You had better go at once. Go!"
"After T had left that old devil at his mysterious fire and wandered Into
the moonlight, I broke into a run down the mountain path toward civiliza
tion. Before making the first turn In the road I looked back toward th»
great cleft in the rock. There was a green light in the sky, and In relief
stood a black figure. It was Geta, and as she saw me stop she flung up
her arms. 1 thought I heard her laugh and the one word:
" 'Coward!'
"Seating myself by the Fide of the road I pondered on the situation.
Jt seemed to mo as if a weight of blackness, which never again has lifted,
lind descended upon me. I thought of all my opportunities. I thought of
my ambitions and of Maclean and the good missionary. Dr. Mackay. I
also reasoned That between civilization and savagery it was but a ques
tion of clothing, customs and surroundings. I had seen the white man
in China do things that would have shamed a tribesman. I had seen the
white man with the Bible in one hand and the sword in the other.
"Tht> night lizard croaked incessantly and it was alwayß the same
thing— 'Geta. Ceta. Geta.'
"I wore a sword something like the Tagalo 'bolas,' and I tried its edge
upon my thumb. After all, what was one coolie the less?
"A foeling of numbness came over me and I think I doze<l away.
"When 1 was again conscious it was not yet morning and the night
lizard still croaked. I was unutterably tired. Presently I heard some one
coming up the path. Instinctively T grasped my sword. It was a man.
Just as he passed the spot where I stood I let him have the sword. With
al! my strerm!i 1 struck the blow. His head rolled down the road and the
body blocked the path. 1 must have been demented, for I picked up the
body and tossed it In the bushes, muttering, 'Somebody might fall over
you and get hurt!" I remember that T was much surprised to find the
thing- still warm when 1 grasped It by the hair. It was then I discovered
the man was no Chinaman. What matter?
"It was witli a feeling of Joy that 1 stood again in the cleft of the hill.
The old man was still at bis mummeries, but before I could speak he
raised !>is head inn] Baid:
" 'I knew you would come back!'
"Geta was lying beside him fast asleep, but at the sound of his voice
she raised her head and looked toward me.
"With h swing <.f the arm 1 flung the head between them. Tho thing
bounded upon ihe bark shelter and after remaining- a moment as if sus
pended It tumbled Into the flic
"Geta gave a wild cry and fell fo the ground, her bands pressed tightly
to her eyes. Then rismp, after one more look, she sprangjnto the Jungle,
from which rang brick her shrieks.
"The old man. too. hobbled away into the underbrush as fast as his
n^e.l legs could carry him.
"Jumping down 1 made my way to the fire. Then for the first time In
the lighi I got a good took at the face.
"It was tiie head of Geta's brother!"
tearh thorn their dancing steps. Let me go round and see. I believe I
can rake up enough hands somehow."
"Well, you must I" qulcK about it," said Image. "I can only give
you five minutes, captain."
Captain Kettle ran down off tho bridge and was quickly out of sight
nnd hard at h's quest for volunteers.
Presently Kettle came back.
"Well, captain," he said, "1 got a fine rrpw to volunteer, if 3*o" can
see your way to let mo have them. There's a fireman and a trimmer,
both English; there's a third-class passenger, a dago of some sort, 1
think ho Is. that was a ganger on the Congo Railway; a negro stone
mason, and there's Mr. Dayton-Phillips; that'll make a good, strong
ship's company.* 1
'■Dayton-Phillips," said Image. "Why. he's an officer In the English
army, and he's been pome sort of a resident or political tiling up in one
of those nigger towns at the back there. What's he want to go for?"
"Sal'l he'd come for the fun of the thin?. "
< .ii tain Image gave a grim laugh. "Well, I think he'll find all the
fun he's any use for before he's ashore again."
The word was "hurry. " The third mate fended off the boat while
Kettle'r. crew of nondescripts scrambled unhandily down to take their
places. The negro stone-mason, who had been a stowaway, refused stub
1. inly to leave tho steamer, and so was lowered lgnominiously in a bow
line, and then as he still ohjected loudly that he came from Sa' Leone
and v/as a free British subject, some one crammed a bucket over his head
amid the uproarious laughter of the onlookers.
Ahead of them tho quiet ship shouldered clumsily over the rollers, now
gushing down till she dipped her martingale, now swooping up again,
sending whole cataracts of water swirling along her waist.
The boat was run up cannily alongside and Kettle jumped Into the
main chains anil clambered on board over the bulwarks. "Now, pass up
my crew. Mr. Strako. " said he.
"I'm ocniinn myself next, if you don't mind," said the third mate.
"Mu=>t obey the old man's orders," he explained, as they stood together
on the sloping decks. "You heurd yourself what he said, captain."
"Weil. Mr. Mate," said Kettle, grimly, "1 hope you'll decide she's sea
worthy, because whatever view you take of it. here I'm going to stay."
The mate frowned. He was a young man; he was nere in authority,
and he had a great notion of making his authority felt. Captain Kettle
was to him merely a down-on-his-luek free-passage nobody, and as the
mate was large, and lusty he did not anticipate trouble.
The third mate led the way down to the lazaret hatch. He got his
fliiptr« it! the ring and pulled it back. Then he whistled. "Half full of
water," he said. "I thought bo from the way she floated. It's ud to the
beams down here. Likely enough she'll have started a plate somewhere.
'Frald it's no go for you. captain. Why. if a breeze was to come on half
the side of her might drop out. and she'd go dowo like a stone."
Now. to Kettle's honor, be it said (seeing what he had in his mind) he
did not tackle tho man as he knelt there peering into the lazaret. Instead.
he waited till he stood up again, and then made hi 3 statement coldly and
deliberately.
"This chip's not too dangerous for me, and I choose to ludge And if
she'll do for me. nho's good enough for the crow I've got In your boat. Now
I want them on deck and at work without any more palaver/ 1
"Do you. by gad!" said the mate, ancr then the pair of them closed
without any further preliminaries. They were both of them well used
to quick rough and tumbles, nnd they both of them knew that the niari
who gets the first grip in these wrestles usually wins, and instinctively
each triod to act on that knowledge. Butif the 'third mate had bulk and
Strength, Kettle had science and abundant w'ryness; and tho;i K h the pair
of them lost their footing on the sloping cabin floor at the (ir.st embrace
and wriggled over and under like a pair of eels. Captain Kettle got a
thumb artistically fixed in the bigger man's windpipe, and held It there
doggedly. Th<' mate, growing more and more purple, hit out with savaee
force, but Kettle, dodged the bull-like blows like the boxer he was and
the mate's efforts gradually relaxed.
But at this point they wen- interrupted. "That wobbly hont was
making me seastck," said a voice, "so I came on board here ' Hullo you
fellows." . ' J
Kettle looked up. "Mr. Phillips," ho said. "I wish you'd go and get
the real of our crew, on deck out of the boat." ■ .
• "But what are you two doing down there?" V
"We disagreed over a question of judgment. He said this ship isn't
safe and T shouldn't have the chance toftake her home. I say there*
nothing wrong with her that can't be remedied, and home I'm coin* to
take her. anyway, It may he the one chance In my life. sir, of getting i
balance at the bank, and I'm not going to miss it " X X a
"Ho," said Dayton-Phillips. .
"If you don't like to come, you needn't," said Kettle. "But I'm coin*,
to have the stone-mason and the Dago. and those two coal-heavers P»r
haps you'd better go back. . It will be wet. hard work here; no way the
sort of job to suit a soldier. • • "-..-"■
Dayton-Phillips flushed slightly, and then he laughed. "I suppose that's
Intended to be nasty," he said. "Well, captain. I shall have to prove to
you that we soldiers are equal to a bit of manual labor sometimes Rv
the way .1 don't want to interfere in a personal matter, but I'd like it as
a favor if you wouldn't kill St rake quite. I rather like him "
"Anything to oblige." said Kettle, and took his thumb out of the third
mate's windpipe. "And now. sir. as you've, so to speak, signed on for
out y of th boa! 5 " y ° U n dGCk andset th ° fOUr Other qbeg bea U tie 3 up
Dayton-Phillips touched his cap and grinned. "Aye, aye sir "he said
and wont back up the companion. ma ' ' na sal<l>
Shortly afterward he came to report the men on hoard and Kettle
addressed his late opponent: "Now. Took here, young man I VWt want
to have more trouble on deck before the hands. ' you Had enough"'
' For the present, yes,", said the third mate, huskily "But I hn™
we'll meet again some other, day to have a bit of further talk " • P
. The third mate went down to his boat, and the three rowers took her
across to the M'poso. where she :• was hauled up to davit^ axrain ™I
steamer's siren boomed out farewells as she got under wayS T?h
Kettle with his own hands unbent and reversed l ensign from the «h?£»
main rigging and ran it up to the peak and dipped it ihreeTimes in a
lute. He breathed more freely now. One chance and V Knot V™ i a "
dangers lay ahead of him. nie ana a host of ""known
were required. The vessel lay. ln pathetic help essnesa ?on hi, S kl p
to capsize in the first squall which came along and "their first fd« cVe V Habl ?
be to get her in proper trim while the calm continued ?W^* must
the As though they were an invitation to work rtopea S yeUow gV^ln^
As though they were ; an Invitation to work shovelq w>.ri 5^ # i
along the combings of the hatch. The six men took these ™* wV?h .ft/*?*
dropped down upon the grain. And then began a period of Wnr^Jrt'i shouts
The heat under the decks was stifling and dust m*2 fl\^*l c tO 1; .
in choking volumes, but the pace of the circling "* hWplr ™. the wheat
lowed to slacken. They worked there stripped* to trousers anX^*^ 1 '
understood one and all that they were working for thel? ilvM ; a k they
had sprung up almost as soon as the .M'poso had steaded aw\J^ES
'"wren. a. swing oi my arm I Hung: tli© head between tliein
/*T">HE Official Directory of the Far East speaks of the savages of Formosa In the following manner: "There are two classes of savages la
I Formosa, namely, the savages of the plains and the mountaineers. The hill tribes coerce the men of the plains to assist them In carry
; ing on \v;tr against the Japanese, the latter being- reluctant to break the friendly relations that exist. Among these savages there are
; tribes whose young men are not allowed to marry until they have brought into camp the head of one Chinaman at least. • • •
-*- The Form. >San bent en 'winning his spurs' as a valiant warrior lies In wait for some passing Chinaman, or perchance a party composed
of three or four Chinese tradesmen, upon whom he springs from ambush before they suspect danger. A short scuffle, if any, ensues, and the.
headless trunk of an inoffensive Chinaman lies on the ground, while the savage, bounding over hill and dale, makes off to his camp with
the coveted trophy in his hand. Upon arrival the warrior goes straight to his chief and lays before him the ghastly evidence of his
prowess. A war dance la soon in full swing, amidst which the hero of the hour is introduced to his bride, and before many hours- he is aX"
lowed to take her to his bark hut." . ,
hourly it was freshening; the barometer in the cabin was registering a
steady fall, the sky was banking up with ugly clouds.
So far tli ■ well had nol been sounded. It was no use getting alarming
statistics to discourage oneself unnecessarily. But after night had fallen,
and ii was impossible t" see lo work in the gloomy hold any longer with
out lamps. Captain Kettle took the sounding rod and found eight feet.
Jl<» mentioned this when he took down the lamps into the hora, but he
did not think it necessary to add that as the sounding had been taken
with the well on the slant it was therefore considerably under the truth.
Still he sent Dayton-Phillips and the trimmer on deck to take a spell
at the pumps, and himself resumed his shovel work alongside tne others.
Straightway on through, the night the six men stuck to their savage
toil, th( blood irom their blistered hands- reddening the shafts of the
shovels. Every now and again one or anotherof them choked with the dust
and went to get a draft of lukewarm water from the scuttle-butt. But
no one stayed overlong on these excursions. The breeze had blown up into
a gate. The night overhead was starless and moonless, but every minute
the black heaven whs split by bursts of lightning, which showed the labor-
Ing, disheveled ship set among great mountains of breaking seas.
The Bight would have been bad from a well-manned, powerful steam
boat: from the deck of the derelict it approached the terrific.
There were four on board the ship during that terrible night -who
openly owned to -being cowed and freely bewailed their insanity in ever
beir.p" lured away from the M"poso. Dayton-Phillips had sufficient self
control to keen his feelings, whatever they were, unstated; but Kettle
faced all difficulties With indomitable courage and a smiling face.
"I believe," said Dayton-Phillips to him once when they were taking
a sp> ■!! together at the clanking pumps, "you really glory in finding your
self in this beastly mess."
"We shall pull through. 1 tell you."
The shovels meanwhile had been doing their work, and although the
list was not entirely gone, the vessel at times (when a sea buttressed her
up) floated almost upright. The gale was still blowing.
The Itst was of less account now, and the vessel was once more under
command of her canvas. It was the leak which gave them most cause
for anxiety. Likely enough it was caused by the mere wrenching away
of a couple of rivets. But the steady inpour of water tnrmigh the holes
would soon have made the ship grow unmanageable and founder if It was
not constantly attended to.
The dreaded bay, fickle as usual, saw fit to receive them at first with a
smiling face. During the afternoon they rose the brown sails of a Portu
guese ii«hing schooner, and Kettle headed toward her.
Let his crew be as willing as they would, there was no doubt that this
murderous work at the pumps could not be kept up for a voyage to
England. If he could nut zv.x further reinforcements he would have to
take the ship Into the nearest foreign port to barely save hor from sink
ing. Ami then where would be hid sighed-for salvage? Woefully thinned,
he thought, or more probably whisked away altogether. Captain Kettle
had ii vast distrust for the shore foreigner over questions of law pro
ceedings and money matters. So he made for the schooner, hove his own
vessel to, and signaled that he wished to speak.
A boa; was slipped Into the water from the schooner's deck and ten
swarthy; ragged Portuguese fishermen crammed, into her. Two or three
of them had a working; knowledge of English; their captain spoke it with
fluent Inaccuracy, and before any of them hnd gone aft to Kettle, who
stood at the wheel, they had heard the whole story of the ship being
found derelict, ;;twl (very naturally) were anxious enough by some means
or another to finger a share of the salvage.
Their leader made his proposal at once. "All right-a, captain. T see
how you want. We take charge now and take-a you into Ferrol without
you being at nvre trouble."
"Nothing of the kind." said Kettle, "I'm just wanting the loan of two
or three bands to give my fellows a spell or two at that pump. We're a
bit short-handed, that's all. I'll pay A. B.s wages on Liverpool scale,
and that's a loi more than you Dagos give among yourselves, and if the
men work well I'll throw in a dash besides for 'baeea money.' "
"Ta-ta-ta." said the Portuguese, with a wave of his yellow fist. "It
cannot be done, and I will not lend you men. It shall be' as I say: We
take-a you into Ferrol. Do not fear-a, cap! tan; you .shall have money for
finding sheep; you shall have some of our salvage."
Dayton-Phillips, who was standing near, and knew the little sailor's
views, looked for an outbreak. But Kettle held himself In. and still spoke
to the man civilly.
•'That's good Knglish you talk," he said. "Do all your crowd under
stand the language?"
"No," said the fellow, readily enough, "that man does not, nor does
he, nor him."
"Right-O." said Kettle. 'Then a.s those three men can't kick up a
bobbery at the other end, they've just got to stay here and heln work
this vessel home. As for the rest of you filthy, stinking, scale-covered
cousins of apes, over the side of the vessel you go before you're put.
Thought you were going to steal my lawful salvage, did you, you crawling
yellow-faced ah!"
The hot-tempered Portuguese wafc not a man to stand this tirade (as
Kettle anticipated) unmoved. His fingers made a vengeful snatch toward
the knife in his belt, but Kettle was ready for this, and caught it first and
flung ii overboard. Then, with a clever heave, he picked up the man and
sent him after (ho knife. He tripped up one of the Portuguese who
couldn't speak English, dragged him to the cabin companion and toppled
him down the ladder. Dayton-Phillips (surprised at himself for abetting
such lawlessness) captured a second in like fashion, and the English fire
man and coal-trimmer picked up the third and dropped him down an open
hatchway into the grain in the hold beneath.
But there were six of the fishermen left upon the deck, and these did
not look upon the proceedings unmoved. They had been slow to act at
first, but when the initial surprise was over they were blazing with
rage and eager to do murder. The Italian and the Sierra Leone negro
ran out of theiir way on to the forecastle head, and they came on. vain
glorious In numbers and armed with their deadly knives. But the two
English roughs, the English gentleman and the little English sailor, were
all of them men well accustomed to take care of their own skins' the
belaying pins out of the plnrail seemed to come by instinct into their
hands, and not one of them got so much as a scratch.
It was all the affair of a minute. It does not do to let these little
Impromptu scrimmages simmer over long. In fact, the whole affair was
decided in the first rush. The quartet of English went In, despising the
Dagos, and quite Intending to clear them off the ship. The invaders were
driven overboard by sheer weight of blows and prestige, and the victors
leaned on the bulwark, puffing and gasping, and watched them swim
away to their boat through the clear water below.
"Set of blooming pirates," said Kettle.
But Dayton-Phillips spemed to view the situation from a different
point. "I'm rather thinKTngf we are the pirates. How about those three
we've got on board.?"
"They no speakee English." said Kettle, dryly. "You might have
heard me ask that, sir, before I started to talk to that skipper to make
him begin the show. And he did begin it, and that's the great point. If
ever you've been in a police court you'll always find the magistrate ask.
Who began this trouble?' And when he finds out. that's the man h«
logs. No, those fishermen won't kick up a bobbery when they get back
to happy Portugal apain, and as for our own crowd here on board, they
aren't likely to talk when they get ashore and have money due to them.
"Well, I suppose there's reason in that, though I should have nr?
doubts about ;he stone-mason. He comes from Sierra Leone, remembeCJ
and they're groat on the rights of man there." 1
"Quite bo," said Kettle. "I'll see the stone-mason gets packed oft to
sea again in a stokehold before he has a chance of stirring up the mu<t
ashore. When the black man gets too pampered he has to be brought low,
again with a rush."
"I see." said Dayton-Phillips, and then he laughed.
"There's something that tickles you, sir?"
"I was thinking, skipper, for a man that believes he's being put In the
way of a soft thing by direct guidance from on high, you're using up a
tremendous lot of energy to make sure the Almighty's wishes don. t mis
carry."
"Mr. Phillips," said Kettle, gravely, "it was understood when he let
me know I was to have this chance I was to do my human utmost to
carry it throurh myself. God sends us all Into this world with hands
and heads, and he isn't pleased with a man who doesn't put these to their
proper uses."
The three captive Portuguese were brought up on deck and wer«
quickly induced by the ordinary persuasive methods of the merchant
service officer to forego their sulklness and turn to diligently at what
work was required of them. But even with this help the heavy ship was
still considerably undermanned, and the Incessant labor at the pumps fell
wearily on all hands. The bay. true to its fickle, nature, changed on them
again. The sunshine was swamped by a driving gray mist of rain and
the glass started on a steady fall.
The night worsened as it went on. The wind piled up steadily In
violence, and the sea rose till the sodden vessel rode it with a very babel
of shrieks an.l groans and complaining sounds. Toward morning a ter
rific squall powdered up against them and hove her down, and a dull
rumbling was heard in her bowels, to let them know that once more her
cargo had shifted.
For the moment even Kettle thought that this time she was gone for
good. She lost her way and lay down like a log in the water, and tha
racing seas roared over her as though she had been a half-tide rock.
Then to the impact of a heavier gasp of the squall the topgallant
masts went, and the small loss of top weight seemed momentarily to easo
her. Kettle seized upon the moment. He left the trimmer and one of the
Portuguese at the wheel and handed himself along the streaming decks
and kicked and cuffed the rest of his crew into activity. He gave his
orders, and the .ship wore slowly round before the wind and began to pay
away on the other tack.
Great hills of sea deluged her In the process. and her people worked
like mormon, half of thoir time submerged. But by degrees, as the vast
rollers hit and shook her with their ponderous impact, she came upright
again, and after a little while shook the grain level in her holds and
assumed her normal /»ng!e of heel.
Dayton-Phillips struggled up and hit Kettle on the shoulder. "How's
that, umpire?" he bawled. "My faith, you are a clever sailor."
Captain Kettle touched Ins cup. "God bore a hand there, sir" h«
shouted through the wind, "[f I'd tried to straighten her tip like that
without his h<>lp "very man here would have been fish-chop this minutfc"
Even Dayton-Phillips, skeptical though he might be, began to thi^Sc
there was "something in it" aa the voyage went on. To begin with, tha
leak stopped. They did not know how it had happened, and they did not
very much care. Kettle had his theories. Anyway, it stopped. To go on
with, although they were buffeted with every kind of evil weather, all
their mischances were speedily rectified. In a heavy sea their unstable
cargo surged about as though it had been liquid, but it always shifted
back apain before she quite capsized.
All hands got covered with salt-water boils. All hands, with the ex
ception of Kettle, who remained, as usual, neat, grew gaunt, bearded,
dirty and unkempt. They were grimed with sea salt, they were flayed by
violent suns: but by flint of hard schooling they were becoming handy
sailormen, all of them, and even the negro stone-mason learned to obey
an order without first thinking over its justice till he earned a premoni
tory hiding.
"It's a blooming Flying Dutchman we're on." said the coal-trimmer
who acted as mate. "There's no killing the old beast. Only hope sh«
gets us ashore somehow and doesn't stay fooling about at sea forever
just to get into risks. T want to get off her. She's too blooming lucky to
be quite wholesome, somehow."
In Bristol Channel a little spattering tug wheeled up within hail toss
ing like a cork on the brown waves of the estuary, and her skipper In tha
green pulpit between the paddle boxes waved a hand cheerily.
"Seem to have found some, dirty weather, captain?" he bawled "Want
a pull into Cardiff or Newport?"
"Cardiff. What price?"
"Say £100."
"I wasn't asking to buy the tug. You're putting a pretty fancy figure
on her for that new lick of paint you got on your rail "
"I'll take £80."
"Oh. I can sail her in myself if you're going to be funny. She's as
handy as a pilot-boat, brig-ripped like this, and my crew know her fine
I'll give you £20 into < ardiff. and you're to dock me for that "
"Come, now, captain, thirty. I'm not here for sport, Ivc got to maka
my living."
"My man." paid Kettle, "ril meet you and make it £2." and T'll <;<».»
you in Aden before I give you a penny more. You can take that' or
sheer off."
"Throw us your blooming rope," said the tug skipper
"There, sir," said Kettle, sotto voce. to Dayton-PhllUpg, "yon .see th»
marvelousness of it Gods stood by me to the very end; I've saved at
least £10 over that towage and by James I've seen times when a shin
mauled about Hke i ttala would have been bled for four times the amount
before a tug would pluck her in." amount
"Then we are out of the woods now?"
"We'll get the canvas off her and then you can ga below and shaj/
You can sleep in a shore bed this night if you choose" sir. nnd 10-momfff
we'll see about fingering the salvage. There'll be no > rouble the™ Tow
■We shall just have to ask for a check ant. Lloyds will pay it and then
you and the hands will take your share, and I-by James Mr Phillin,
t shall be a rich man over this business. I shouldn't be a bit : surDri-%
but what I finger a snug £500 as ray share. Oh, sir. God's been Verv enofl
to me over this, and I know it. and *'m grateful. My wife will be gratffni
ltoo. I wish you could come to our chapel some day and see h™"'Kansas Town Run Entirely by Women
ESCAPED FROM THE HORRORS OF A NIHILIST PRISON
Continued from Page Seventeen.
self secreted. Pven In this land of freedom he fears to walk abroad
as other men do, for he has heard that his merciless pursuers have
tracked him even to San Francisco, and he dreads not only bodily
■ but is apprehensive that they may use strategy and force
to transport him back to a living death. What little exercise he
Is at night when he goes out for a walk. When a few months
ago Ivanhoe landed in this city from a sailing vessel from Yoko
hama, without money and no means of securing employment, Alex
v-idovitch, a fellow countryman, gave him food and shelter.
ree had made his way to this country by working for his
an ordinary seaman.
Nicholas Ivanhce was born in the town of Btavropol, which Is in
the province of the same name in the southern part of Russia. He
was one of a large family. His father was a lawyer and well-to-do,
and hla family was among the best. Here It was Nicholas lived and
received his primary education until he was seventeen years of age,
when suddenly the blow that was to wreck hia home and change
his entire life fell in the twinkling of an eye. His father had un
dertaken the defense of a man whom the government officials sup
posed to be a nihilist, but against whom they had no direct proof.
The man was being tried for murder, and Ivanhoe's father defended
him with great energy. In endeavoring to acquit his client he dis
played more than professional warmth and Interest, and unfortu
nately spent his own money freely In his attempt to save the man,
who was, however, convicted to pay the extreme penalty of the law.
There was In Stavropol those who hated Attorney Ivanhoe be
cause of his success and who whispered that he seemed unduly In
terested In the case of his client. The convicted man became In
censed at the lawyer because he had not cleared him, and when on
the scaffold took a dying revenge of Ingratitude and deception by
declaring that his lawyer had done all in his power to clear him
because he was like himself — a nihilist.
This was all that was needed and it was not many days before
the lawyer was arrested by the secret service officials and thrown
Into prison. A hasty trial followed, and upon only the word of a
lying murderer the unfortunate man was convicted of being a plotter
against the government and was sentenced to be banished as an
exile for life to the far-away Island of Saghalien, where 200,000
miserable beings drag out an existence.
This It was that caused Nicholas Ivanhoe to hate his country
and to plot In his heart to do anything that could injure the govern
ment. Ills mother died of a broken heart shortly after her husband
was banished. His brothers and sisters were scattered to the four
corners of the earth, for their home was confiscated. Then it was
that Nicholas went to St. Petersburg to try and make his living.
Thero he found men, who, like himself, had grievances against the
Government. Th«y were nihilists and he Joined them. To him the
creed that he ha^l adopted represented only a possible means of ob
taining a Just revenge. He lived in St. Petersburg for three years
and during that time he became connected with the press. He
worked hard and saved his small pay. With the money that he ac
cumulated he studied the art of photography and bought himself a
camera and outfit.
It was in December, 1889. that he landed upon the Island of
Saghalien. As If by a strange coincidence the first person that he
met there was a man named kiroff, who, like himself, was a nihilist.
At this time Kiroff was working upon the island as a common laborer
for one of the rich lcnd-owners. He was familiar with the country
and when Ivanhoe imparted to him the object of bio coming to
Saghalien he told him that it would be impossible for him to obtain
a position such as he desired.
At first the poor fellow was greatly discouraged. It seemed hard
for him to fail in his undertaking: after he had come so far. Kiroff
listened to his story and sympathized with him. He then advised
Nicholas to go to Nlcolaievsk, which is at the mouth of the Omogoon
Riveft in Siberia, just across the Oulf of Tartary, which is several
hundSed miles wide and which separates Raghalien from the main
land. Thither he went in accordance with his friend'B advice, little
thinking at the time that in after years his visit to the place would
be the means of saving his life.
At Nicolaievsk he obtained employment an a sailor on one of
th* vf-rsels that ply between that port and Sag-halien. Here fortune
favored him, for the very vessel upon which he sailed was one of
vernraent transports used to carry the exiles over to Saßhalien.
Thus he became acquainted with some of the jailers and assistant
Jailers, who guarded the prisoners. He also learned how to handle
a vessel, and he never lost an opportunity to become familiar with
the Gulf of Tartary and the port of Nicolalevak,
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAT 21, 1899.
BEATTIE'S CITY GOVERN
MENT.
Mayor—
ELIZABETH TOTTEN.
Counciimen—
MAROARET A. SHELDON.
LULU SMITH,
ELVIRA WATXINS.
LETTIE KIRLIN.
MfIRY E. SCHLEIOK-
City Clerk—
KATIE O'NEILL.
Suppression of saloons and gamb
ling dives, clean streets, good slda
walKs and the encouragement of
general Improvement.
POLICY OF MAYOR TOTTEN.
A MAN can't call his soul his own In
Beattle, Kans. Women are run
ning the town, and they have
tamed nearly everything that
wears pants.
At least that Is th© way It
seemed to one man, a St. Louis Star
staff correspondent, who dropped off
the train Into that pretty little place the
other day, with a thirst and the knowl
edge that It had not been lessened by rid
ing ninety-nine hot and dusty miles from
St. Joseph.
"Nearest glass of beer," I Inquired of
a sad-looking man on the station plat
form.
He grinned and pointed to a sign up the
street, which said "Saloon."
I was surprised to find the place barred
arid across the face of the closed doors a
placard with these words:
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
+ CLOSED BY ORDER OF +
* THE MfIYOR.
♦+++♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦♦+♦♦♦ I
""What's the trouble?
"Trouble;" repeated another !
man. "Lord, that isn't the name for it." j
"We've got a lady Mayor, lady Council j
and lady Clerk. They're running things, j
This town is going to the devil."
Afterward, when I met Mayor Elizabeth i
Totten. she told mo that this man was '
After he had worked as a sailor for two years he obtained the
position of assistant Jailer at Alexandrovskii, which Is the name of
the town upon the island where the prison is located. This came
about in a strange way. The vessel on which he was serving was
transporting 1 a lot of prisoners over on one occasion when a terrible
storm suddenly rose. One of the guards was washed overboard and
lost. Finally when the vessel reached the island the chief Jailer
asked the captain if he might get oue of the sailors to act as a
guard. Nicholas declared that he was willing to go and his services
were accepted. At last it seemed that he was about to accomplish
his heart's desire. He left the vessel with a light heart. So well
did he perform his duty and with such apparent indifference did he
strike a prisoner over the head whenever one lagged on the march
that he made a favorable impression on the chief Jailer.
The outcome was that since the place of the lost assistant Jailer
had to be filled it was offered to Ivanhoe, who, after some as-
Burned hesitancy, accepted It. At last he had achieved his main
purpose. He was upon the Island, and what was more he was in
a position where he could best search for his father and where he
could also obtain Just such information as he most desired. It Is
needless to say that from the time that he left St. Petersburg
Nicholas had traveled and worked under an assumed name. He
began the performance of his duties with alacrity and fidelity. Well
he knew the part he had to play and he realized that It had
to be acted with a naturalness that would completely disarm every
suspicion.
He was placed in charge of one of the wards in the prison. His
duties were to lock up the prisoners when they returned from the
mines at night and to take them out In the morning. He also had
to feed them every morning and night, and he was required to
make two rounds every night to each cell in order to see that all
of the prisoners in his ward were secure.
One of the first things that he discovered was that his father
had been killed a few months prior to his obtaining his position.
He was one of those that worked In the coal mines and one day
he had been crushed to- death by the falling of a car that was used
to raise the coal from the pits. At first Nicholas was almost heart
broken and he was upon the verge of giving up his position and re
turning to Russia, but the thought of all that he and his family
had suffered, of his father's unjust punishment and of his untimely
death served to harden his heart and to make him strong in his
resolve to prosecute to the bitter end his revenge. Ivanhoe made up
his mind to stay at Alexandrovskii and to secure everything that
would be of help to his one object In life — the exposing of the tor
tures and cruelties that were being inflicted on- the unfortunate peo
ple that were confined at the prison.
After two years' sojourn upon the Island he was promoted to be
a full jailer and In his new position he had access to the torture
chamber. He made a careful study of everything about him, and
every night it was his custom to compile a lot of notes of what had
happened during the day. Daily he recorded the death of one or
more of the unfortunate wretches, who had found liberty and free
dom In death. Many of these died from disease contracted for lack
of medical attention, many completely worn out and only half fed
died beneath the horrible torture that was inflicted upon them. More
than once Ivanhoe saw some poor creature utter his last groans
upon the flogging board. These barbarous tortures he was forced to
witness, and when some prisoner would faint from sheer pain while
being lashed he would have to apply restoratives In order to bring
him to consciousness that he might receive the full sentence of his
punishment.
He assisted at more than one hanging, where some wretch was
compelled to pay the death penalty because he had attempted to
escape, or had fought with one of his fellow prisoners or done some
thing else that displeased Kononovltch, who was then the Governor
of the island. All of these scenes made an Indelible impression upon
the mind of Ivanhoe, and as he witnessed each new torture he grew
stronger in his resolve. When he was able to do so he gave succor
and medicine to the convicts. Sometimes he would Increase their
allowance of food. This, however, he was not able to do often, for
well he knew the risk that he ran and what would have been the
results if he had been caught in his acts of mercy. The hangings
he described as brutal beyond the power of human tongue to depict
in words. The man or woman, who was ordered to be executed sim
ply upon the word of Governor Kononovitch, was led Into a cell or
small square chamber, where they were permitted to view their
scaffold. This was simply a cross-piece of wood resting on two up
right supports. Over the convict there was placed a long black
gown, shaped like a bag, then the rope was thrown over the beam
and the attendants hauled the struggling wretch from the ground
and hf-ld him suspended in the air until they thought him dead. Not
infrequently it happened that the poor prisoner would be lowered
before the life had been strangled out of him, in which case the
hanging would have to be gone over again.
Nicholas availed himself of his position to take photographs of
these scenes. This he was able to do because he was generally the
mistaken. The town had been going: to
the devil up to April 4. But praise the
Lord, since that date she thought it had
been going the other way.
April 4, by the way, is a date it Is well
to remember in this story. There was an
election on that day.
Several of the most prominent men In
Beattie, who were politically buried be
tween the hours of 7 in the morning and 5
in the evening of April 4, told me that
they were convinced that Mayor Totten
was a very capable woman of affairs.
They believed that she would run her
town for the next year with a carpenter's
hammer, a broom and a Marlin rifle.
"A rifle?" I asked.
"Oh, yes: the Council has its armament
and maguzlne."
The former Council bought them for
protection against Lem Gouldsberry, the
Vermillion Creek "bad man"— but this is
another part of the story.
Well, anyhow, Mayor Totten got wind
of the weapons and said she might need
them before she got through.
These are only a very small part of the
funny things I saw and heard in Beattie.
If Charles H. Hoyt and Chsfrles Klein
want some new and strictly American
comedy or comic opera material, or David
Belasco is after an up-to-date Western
drama, full of thrilling situations, Kansas
atmosphere and Just a proper tinge of
blood. Beattie is the place to go.
Even in Kansas, where they are used to
heing original, Beattie is regarded as the
prize town.
No other Kansas community Is worthy
nf being mentioned now in the Efltme
firmament with SockJesa Jerry and Sister
Mary Ellen Lease.
Tlio strangest thing I heard while in
Beattie was that Mrs. Lease had never
lectured there.
The od<i< st thing I saw was the man.
Town Marshal, sitting in Mayor Eliza
beth Totten's office, turning hi? hat in his
fingers, between his legs, like afi awk
ward schoolboy, as he listened to the
woman Mayor's energetic order that he
should uphold every letter of the law if
it took every Marlin and every woman In
the Council to back him.
The Marshal did not seem overpleased
with his Job.
Quite the most attractive thing in Beat
tie is City Clerk Kate O'Neill, a typical
Irish beauty, who polled the biggest vote
official in charge in the torture chamber. He declares that of the
200,000 exiles supposed to be upon the island of Saghalien over one
third have disappeared, and that the greater proportion of these
have been done to death by the Inhuman cruelties to which they have
been subjected.
There was one occasion when Ivanhoe came very near losing
control of himself, which would have been fatal to him. A woman
was one day brought to the prison and by the order of the Governor
she was to be loaded with specially heavy chains and was to be fed
on bread and water while forced to do hard manual labor. This
woman was the wife of a celebrated Russian statesman, who had
been exiled and she had shared a similar punishment because of
her loyalty to her husband. When he was in St. Petersburg Nicholas
had once attended a grand ball that had been given at her palace.
She was a woman who had been reared in wealth and luxury and
noted for her charity and goodness of heart. On the journey to the
island she had been subjected to revolting indignities, and when
she reached the prison at Alexandrovskii she was so completely
exhausted from the march and the want of sufficient food that she
could not stand. They took her Into the blacksmith's shop to have
her chains forged upon her, and one of the attendants struck her
In the face with his fist because she was unable to stand upon her
feet when he released his hold upon her. As the woman sank to
the ground with a cry of pain the man again kicked her. For. the
moment Nicholas forgot everything and sprung at the fellow. For
tunately he remembered himself and did not strike his assistant.
It was about this time that Ivanhoe began to send back to
Russia to the Journals for which he was working descriptions of
what he had witnessed and pictures of some of the scenes that he
had taken. These were published, along with the pictures, but the
identity of the author was kept a secret. Then It was that the
Government officials began to put In operation that perfect and
merciless machinery of surveillance with the hopes of finding who
it was that was disclosing the secrets of state. Very naturally
their search took them to the prison at Alexandrovskii, for they
knew that the traitor, whoever he might be, was withdn the walls
of the prison. Despite their hardest efforts they were unable to
detect the man whom they wanted.
Finally one of the assistant Jailers, who had been dismissed for
some reason, and whom Nicholas afterward learned was the very
man that he had attacked in the blacksmith's shop, called the at
tention of the Governor to the incident that had happened. He had
been afraid to do so as long as he was employed at the prison be
cause he feared Ivanho*. Kononovltch determined to have Ivanhoe's
mail watched and to intercept his correspondence. This he did and
one of the letters that fell Into his possession contained some instruc
tions from one of the nihilist societies to which Ivanhoe belonged. This
was all that was needed. The Governor determined upon the arrest
of the Jailer.
Here again It was that providence or his star of fortune stood
Nicholas in good stead. The Governor had employed in his household
a domestic. She was an old woman who had served out her term.
She had yet been a convict when Ivanhoe came to the prison, and on
one occasion he had done her a kindness. The woman had never for
gotten this, and she risked her life to show her gratitude to her bene
factor. When Kononovltch was discussing the arrest with the officials
of the secret service, and was showing to them the letter that he
had Intercepted, the woman overheard their conversation, and she
determined to Inform Ivanhoe. According to the plans of the Gov
ernor, Nicholas Ivanhoe was to be arrested the next morning.
When the conference at Kononovltch's mansion broke up this
woman went secretly to Ivanhoe and told him what she had over
heard. He thanked her for her kindness, and determined to make
his escape while he yet had a chance. He fully realized what would
be his fate if he permitted himself to be arrested. There was no
time to lose. It was necessary to act and act quickly If he hoped to
get away from the island.
This was In December, 1896. The mountains were covered with
Bnow, and the only transportation was by the means of dog sleds.
Nicholas determined to try to get to Langra, which is In the extreme
northern part of the island, on the coast of the Gulf of Tartary and
opposite to Nlcholalevsk. If he could reach this point before the
police, there was a chance for him to cross the gulf, reach Siberia and
work his way down into Korea, and thence take a steamer to Toka
hama, from which point he hoped to sail for America. Prom the first
he realized that permanent safety could only be hoped for in the land
above which floats the stars and stripes.
The one thing in his favor was that there was no telegraphic
communication between Alexandrovskii and Langra. If he could only
get sufficient start of those who wished to work him harm he hoped
to escape. He quickly changed his jailer's uniform for other clothes,
and taking with him his photographs and notes he silently slipped
out of the prison. He left Alexandrovskii about 10 o'clock at night.
In the village he secured a team of dogs and a sled, and with a
driver set out on his lonely Journey. He arrived at Langra the next
on the woman's ticket, as If fate rebuked
the members of her family, all of whom
cast their ballots against her. Miss O'Neill
1b also Assistant Postmaster.
In Beattie such term£ as Mayoress,
Councilwomen 'and Postmistress are ta
booed. The women ran on the ticket and
were elected as Mayor and Councllmen.
"As lon** as we hold office we :ire men
In every sense of the word," Is Mayor
Totten's dictum.
I asked one of the defeated men can
didates what feature of the whole over
throw galled the worst.
"Well, the majority of these women in
the Council were schoolteachers. It
was humiliating enough to be beaten by
women, but to be dictated to by school
teachers is rubbing it in. You know what
a schoolteacher don't know Isn't worth
mentioning."
Back comes Mayor Totten:
"Schoolteachers know something of
human nature. A man generally does not
know what Is good for him."
One of the things upon which the
woman government relies for success is
the fact that three-fourths of the Council
own their own property and have ably
managed their own affairs.
"A woman can beat a man in matters
of domestic economy, and we will prove
she is his- superior in political economy,"
Mayor Totten emphasizes.
She is full of these aphorisms.
I saw many persons carrying letters to
the train instead of depositing them in the
postoffice, and found that the Postmaster,
S. L. Wilson, had been under a boycott
■ since the election.
Re also enjoys the distinction of editing
the Beattie Eagle, which supported the
woman's, or "drys," ticket against the
gang of "wets."
The defeated "wets" are now trying to
cut down his. cancellation of stamps from
which he derives most of his official rake
off.
MORE COMEDY SITUATIONS UN
FOLDED.
I Invited the leading physician of Brat
tle to do me the honor, after I discov
ered that there was a back door. Unfor
tunately the request was not a whispered
one.
"Ah, er— l thank you. I never indulge,"
he demurred. Then, drawing me aside,
he exclaimed:
"Be a little careful — careful, my boy.
These Council worn en have a confounded
vigilance committee established among
their husbands and sons. If they knew
we were at It an army of them would be
down here In half an hour and dump
every keg and bottle into the street, and
really this Is all we have left In the
town."
We went Into the hotel, down a back
stairway and rapped at a little door. It
was unbarred by John Burnside, the man
who has run the only saloon In the town
for several years.
But somehow the vigilant Mayor did
hear of the evasion, and quietly sent word !
to Burnside, ordering him to get rid of
every drop of his liquor by last Saturday
night, without further notice.
"Will you do It?" I asked.
"Will I do it? I guess yes. I'm going
to give up the hotel, too. This Is too hard
a game for any man to go up against."
Beattie is a pretty little town of 1000 in- j
habitants, ninety-nine miles from St. Joe,
on the line, of the St. Joseph and Grand '
Island road. It is in the northeastern part
of Kansas, fourteen miles from the Ne- '
braska line. There are two business :
streets, and many attractive residences
dot the cluster of hills upon which It Is
built.
* • •
"The men must keep straight."
With this warning keynote as to her
future policy Mayor Elizabeth Totten
tucked up her skirts and resumed house
cleaning.
"Suppose they defy you?" I suggested
mildly.
'•Defy?"
The new Mayor suspended practice with
her new broom long enough to shut her
thin lips.
"Let them try it."
Any doubt I may have held that Mayor
Totten ruled the roost in Beattie sud
denly quit me.
Mayor Totten is a serious minded
woman with a quiet vein of Irony. She
parts her gray hair in the middle after
the good old fashion of our grandmothers.
Her husband, Charles Totten, operates a
large farm near Beattie. They have three
children living.
New York was her birthplace, and out
of the natural genius of New York poli
ticians for government she thinks that
fate has led her to become the female
night. To do this he had to travel incessantly, only stopping to
change teams and urging the driver to continue his breakneck pace.
As soon as he arrived at Langra he hastened to the water front
where he was familiar with the locality. When he used to sail in
there as a sailor he had studied the harbor and made many friends
He remembered an eld man who kept boats for hire, and to him he
hastened. He soon struck a bargain with his friend for the use of
a small sail boat, telling him that he wanted it early the next morn
ing, and requesting to be shown where it was moored, as he said that
he might go out on the gulf at a very early hour and did not wish to
disturb any one to get the boat for him. He quieted any suspicions
that the old man had by telling him that one of the prison transports
was due early the next day, and that he wished to intercept it for the
purpose of securing some information from one of the prisoners that it
would be impossible to obtain from him after he landed. His old
friend showed Nicholas where the boat was moored and then bid him
good night. A few hours later Ivanhoe stole to the deserted seawall
He realized that if he was to escape there was no time to be lost'
He knew that it was a dangerous undertaking to attempt to cross
the bay in a small sail boat, but It was his only chance. However
he was a good sailor, and he was familiar with the bay. Fortunately
It was a clear night, nd he was able to steer by the north star. It
v.-as bitterly cold, and he was In danger of freezing to death Under
such circumstances any heart less stout than Ivanhoe's would have
faltered, but he had been training himself too long to think of giving
up now, and, besides, his resolve and the thought of revenge had by
this time become so much a part of his nature that he would not
have hesitated at death itself. The wind was In his favor, and th»
next night he sailed Into the port which he had left several years
before.
So far all was well. He had accomplished his purpose, and the
next thing necessary was to get to a harbor of refuge. He knew that
his pursuers would soon follow and that as soon as they once landed
in Siberia no stone would be left unturned to locate his whereabout*
if he was above earth. To attempt to reach Europe by crossing over
the continent was to Invite arrest; to keep along the coast and work
his way south was equally dangerous. These were the thoughts that
presented themselves for solution. Finally he hit upon a plan that
seemed to him the safest, and which would afford him the best chance
of escape.
He succeeded by constant travel in reaching Khabarovka in ten
days, and from there he set out In a due east direction for the moun
tains. This journey he made on foot, for he was unwilling to take
the risk of traveling by the public roads, and in the day time at that.
It was a weary march of more than a month. He only traveled by
night, and during the day he would hide himself in some thicket or
in the forests, and get such rest as was possible. For food he was
more than once sorely pressed. The people at the farm houses at
which he applied for bread and meat looked at him suspiciously.
In Siberia, Ivanhoe declares, every one is suspicious. Finally he
landed one day at a small mining town In the very heart of the
mountains. It was simply a rude settlement of huts. Here he man
aged to obtain employment. For a time at least he was safe. It
would be hard to locate him, he knew, working as he was in the
mines, and only coming out at nights to sleep.
Nicholas Ivanhoe lived In these mountains for over a year. One
night after he had been at the mines for a few months he heard the
men talking of an escaped jailer from Saghalien. They said that the
Governor had put a great prize on his head, and that the border
countries were keeping a close lookout for him. They said that he
had in his possession certain state secrets that the Russian Govern
ment was very anxious to obtain possession of, and that the reward
for his capture would be paid whether he was taken alive or dead
This fact It was that made Nicholas decide that It was best for him to
continue at the mines for some time.
After he had been hidden in his mountain security for eighteen
months, Nicholas made up his mind to make a bold break for liberty
It took him over three months to work his way into Korea. Ivanhoe
declares with a smile that the first breath that he drew with any
pleasure was when he crossed the Amnok River and entered the town
of Suh, leaving behind him forever thp dominion of the Czar.
Next he proceeded to La Tsiu, which is in the southern part of
Korea; then he went to the island of Quelpaert, whence he took a
vessel to Yokohama. It was from this port that he managed to work
his passage to San Francisco.
As for his future plans he can say nothing definite, except that
he is as strong as ever In his one purpose to give to the world the
benefit of what he knows regarding the cruelties of the Russian
prisons. The pictures that are here published are reproduced from
some of the photographs taken by Ivanhoe at the prison. He has
many hundreds of these showing scenes too revolting to be gazed upon
by the human eye. At present he is negotiating with a large Eastern
magazine with a view of writing for them a hißtory of hla experience*
upon the island of Saghalien.
Croker of Beattle. She removed when a
young girl from New York to Illinois,
where she taught school and later came
to Kansas.
"My council and I are a unit," she told
me. "The saloon and gambling den must
go. The men made the prohibition law,
which they break. They must respect It
or the women will show them how it
ought to be enforced."
"Already there !s a radical change in
the male population. The men in Beattte
never got such a surprise in their lives
as the election of April 4.
"They were whipped so thoroughly that,
to-day, there is not a meeker or more
orderly set of merchants, lawyers and
doctors and farmers in Christendom.
"Now their wives and daughters smile
on them encouragingly, and promise that
before the end of their term BeatUe will
come to mean Beattitude.
"To one whose ears have cracked with
tales of former lawlessness, yet wiiose
eyes have seen the unequaled subjuga
tion of man in Beattie. the promise seems
to have been nearly realized.
"Houses have been burned in thin town
because people have not dared to attempt
•the prosecution of the whisky element,"
Mayor Totten continued.
"I expect to be burned out before I
finish my administration, but I will fulfill
the law. No saloon or gambling dive can
run in Beattle while I am Mayor."
Then the Mayor objected to any traves
ty upon her administration.
"I want you to say distinctly," she re
marked impressively, "that this election
Is not the result of a woman suffrage
I movement. "We are not suffragists.
"We are all plain, home-loving women,
devoted to our husbands and families,
and who regard our places as here at our
hearthstones."
"Now, let me tell you a secret," she
began archly. We hitched our chairs
nearer.
"This whole thing was the scheme of
men." She watched me to observe the ef
fect. My face must have shown that the
secret was still safe.
"Well, the respectable element of men
in Beattie either did not have the
moral courage or the resolution to stop
! what we have undergone for two years.
So the brilliant idea of getting women to
I run occurred to them. In Kansas, all
women vote in municipal elections.
"I refused to accept a nomination three
times before I finally yielded. I felt that
I was too busy managing my own af
! fairs. Then, all of us shunned the noto
! rlety. but we have been thrust there by
i the men, and now we are upon our met-
I tie and bound to make a record. Realiz
ing that we are women, we naturally un
! derestimate our ability, but I will say
i that if we cannot do better than the pre
vious administration we ought to be
ashamed of our intelligence and integ
rity.
"This town has been going to the rack
long enough. Our sons have been
ashamed to let their fathers see them
entering saloons operated under the
Burnett Hotel, kept by John Burnside.
"Some time ago we did "break up a
gambling den conducted in the basement
of a private house, under the guise of an
ice cream parlor.
"We have been very careful before we
i proceeded against the saloon question.
' We have consulted higher authorities
i than County Attorney Ed Berry, who
has failed to close the place for two
• years, although we furnished the evi
dence."
Mayor Totten showed me a bushel of
telegrams and letters she had received
1 1 since the election, from papers in the
East, asking for an account of the woman
government and pictures of its members.
With these were congratulations and in
quiries from nearly all the leading wom
an's rights advocates in the country-
. ♦ ■
The druggist who has conscientious
scruples should also possess conscien-
I tious ounces and pounds.
2324
YES.
NO.
ikErs. "Walter Magee Ill"u.strating tlie IPraotioal Ease a£ici Beauty of" "Woman's hiding .A-stride on Horseback..
THE New York riding clubs have
passed stringent rules debarring
any women members who ride
Bjstrtde from appearing- In the
ring. Their names are not with
jjjrawn from the membership roll if they
Side In this manner in the open, but the
?«livlded skirt is ruled off the club
.'ground p.
{ Mrs. "Walter Magee of the University
fpl California is a firm believer in rid-
Jtßf In divided skirts and has succeeded
By JMrs. Walter JMagee,
jßss!st&r\t Instructor of Physical Training University of Gaiifornia
'•Reform's the Jhing — Jhe Side-Saddle Must Qo."
k *T" AM decidedly and absolutely op
posed to the method of horseback
I riding ln vogue among women- The
J_ side-saddle is a distortion that
should be abolished. It deserves
JNBven a worse fate than French heels,
fjioopsklrts and bustles.
A side-saddle makes riding a more
bidifßcult feat. It increases the danger
[c. hundred fold. It makes perfect poise
i*nd harmony of body an impossibility.
*'JLt taxes the musi les unequally and
ptnakes lons-distance riding harmful. It
-decreases the amount of physical pn
' ranee.
"Ah, yes." cay the side-saddle ad
'■Jierents, "but you overlook the artistic
.standpoint. A woman "ii a side-sad
•flle is a thins' of beauty, a woman
(^stride Is a horror forever."
I do take the artistic point of view.
JRi&teig on a slde-saddl- develops the
BEGINNING THE BATTLE TO THIN OUT THE SEALS ON THE PACIFIC COAST
|»/"^ P all the special opportunities offered th*
'I I camera fiend at this time there is none
**- like a seal kill int. Reals arc not killed
e >Tery day, so any pictures obtained are sure
to be rare ones. And the present killing of the
I Animals along the California coast- by order
;/)f the Fish Commissioners offers r.r. extra* -
dinary chance. The peals are to be killed hy
fine wholesale, and at every rookery on the
ucoest there will lie opportunities of the most
.unusual land. Zjoteo cumbers of seals weaf
SHALL WOMEN RIDE ASTRIDE ON HORSEBACK?
In inducing: several Tadies, especially
B-country riders, to adopt thi
method.
The members of the Ran Francisco
Riding riub have unanimously declared
against the divided skirts.
Mrs. Fanny Lent and Mr?. Hooper.
two of the host riders in the city, both
favor and use the side-paddle entirely.
Mtsa olive Holbrook and Miss Marie
Wells, two of the best riders anmiis
the younger equestriennes, likewis.- lo< ; :
with cold disfavor upon the divided
skirt.
•
right hip. This is a fact beyond dis
pute. If It were a thoroughly har
monious poise it would not thus de
velop one hip.
Those who ride infrequently are not
injured by using the side-saddle. But
likewise they do not receive The sam<»
am. mnt of benefit as they would riding
astride.
Why woman should handicap all her
pleasures with some senseless impedi
ment is a riddle unsolved even by thi.s
half-emancipated age and generation.
"ili" anti-bloomerites — and their
name is legion — cannot let loose the
vials of their arguments on this ques
tion, for there is absolutely no neces
sity of riding astride In bloomers. A
divided skirt. properly made, Is
equally comfortable, and off the sad
dle looks just like any other skirt.
This optical argument is the best one
to bring about the needed reform In the
manner of horseback riding.
THE SA3* FBAIST CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAT 21, 1899.
Society Says NO, and the Doctors Are Divided.
Dr. W'msloW /\pvdersor\;
"The Sidesaddle Is a Feminine Fixture.
THE question of side-saddles re
solves itself into two parts, the
physiological and the artistic.
There can be no doubt that the
side-saddle does not entirely meet
v.ith the physiological requirements;
there is no doubt that it is infinitely su
perior from the artistic standpoint.
Which deserves the most considera
tion, the physiological or the artistic?
The fashion of riding side-saddle cre
ates a tendency toward curvature of
the spine and enlargement of the right
hip.
The fashion of riding astride is good
to look upon. A well-groomed woman
Snap Shots Taken of the First Shots Fared by the
Special Officers Engaged in the Hunt.
killed at Point Reyes last week, but the
weather was not the best for picture taking,
However, Borne good results were obtained.
The first essential for the taking of seal-
killing; pictures Is to be on hand when the
JUUin* is don*. Aa4 jrse fcstva to be ault* near
sitting astride a thoroughbred looks the
best
(liven those reasons for and against
(he side-saddle there is no doubt which
Madame will accept. Pandora's box
contained nothing stronger than the de
sire to niak-- the very l>est appearance
possible. Tendency to curvature of the
spine and enlargement of the right hip
notwithstanding, women will choose
i he sile-saddle.
Thtif is l)iu one thing to do to coun
teract tlic effect v.hiih a protracted
ride may have. That is. after properly
resting, to g" through a set of exorcises
that will < •-! < 1 1 Into play the muscles of
the left side This will restore the bal
to where the hunter Is or the result will be
unsatisfactory. Under ordinary circumstances
the matter of fretting near Is not an easy one. .
The rocks are slippery and the seals a bit ■
"searey," so that the greatest care Is necea
«&ry In order to c«t whero the camera cut b*j
anrp of muscular development.
The side-saddle, I fear, is a feminine
fixture. Rut. if proper precautions are
taken, it is not harmful in the extreme.
• *
JMiss Oliv>e HoIbrooU:
"Our Qirls /\II BelieVe irv the Side-Saddle."
I DO not think that any of the girls
could even be induced to adopt di
vided skirts and riding astride. I
really can't see any reason why they
should.
Daring and expert horsewomen have
found the aide-saddle secure enough for
their most venturesome feats, so it is
certainly safe enough for the average
rider. Even If it tends to develop one
side more than the other, there is
scarcely any one who rides sufficiently
Miss JMarie Wells:
'1 FaVor the Side-Saddle E\tery Jime."
RIDING Is my chief delight, but I
think were I compelled to ride
astride I should give up the
pleasure. I am just as comfort-
able on the side-saddle. It is
not that I have never tried riding
astride and so do not know the differ-
ence. When 1 was in Yosemite Valley
I tried riding astride, but found not a
•
Captairv Dillor\
Head faster Sar\ Frar\cisco J\idirvg School.
THE subject of the side-saddle no
longer ends in the interrogation
point. Experiments and time
have proven that the side-saddle
Is not only the prettiest, but ab
to make that imperceptible tendency
a sufficient bugbear to cast off the side
saddle.
Our club has never taken any stand
against divided skirts because that
fashion has never been seriously advo
cated. I don't know what the club's
opinion would be were individual mem
bers to adopt them. I hardly think
there is a possibility of such a thing.
For we are all stout believers in the
side-saddle.
NO.
YES.
bit more comfort than when using tha
side-saddle,
The girls whom I know who ride
best all use the side-saddle, or at least
sit their horses- in that position, even
if they dispense with the saddle en
tirely. Sl^ibel McDonald, who takes
five-foot fences without a nervous
twinge, never rides otherwise.
• •
solutely the best way for a woman t»
ride.
If a woman rides properly the side
saddle does not develop the right hip.
The trouble is that of the many who
attempt horseback riding- so few have
even mastered the A B C of the art,
for it is an art, and must be taught as
much as music. If one simply knows
how to mount and dismount and how
to stick on a horse, then certainly rid
ing sideways, or even astride, is not
particularly beneficial.
A horse should not gallop constantly
v.ith the same foot leading. Changing
from right to left and back again, dur
ing a long ride will entirely counteract
the tendency toward over-development
of one hip. But how many are there
who ever know with which foot the
horse is leading? The fault lies not In
the side-saddle, but in the rider.
I'nquestionably, woman was not
meant to ride astride.
used to advantage. In one of the accompany
ing pictures the seals were not more than ten
feet from the camera, In order to get this
picture it was necessary for the photographer
to crawl for nearly a hundred feet over the
wet and slimy rocks to get near without dis
turbing: the animals. . Even then the slight
Found caused by the snapping of the shutter
frightened the seals and caused them to tumble
headlong into the water. But by that ttma
the picture was made.PAGES
25 to 32
MY EXPERIENCE AS A DENTIST IN THE SULTAN`S HAREM
\^^ Tory
OW would you like to get into the harem of the Sultan of
w 4 Turkey and Bee from day to day and at your leisure how
I I his 2000 favorites live in all their Oriental splendor. :
l^f That is exactly what a young woman who is sojourning
v£ I in San Francisco has done. She is a remarkably bright
| £ young woman and has come on here from Turkey to take
v a special course in dentistry, so that she may artistically
& tinker the teeth of the harem houris. The young woman
i- a dentist by profession and the Grand Turk has turned
over to her care the preservation of all the pretty teeth in .the harem.
Although the pay is princely the task is do easy one, according to
the story of this young 1 lady, ■/••'(
Dr. E. Mantafounes is not a name that would seem to attract
the confidence of the person in charge of the Sultan's harem. It
sounds very much like bearded intelligence and gold-bowed spectacles.
On the contrary, though, the bearer of that name is a bright, viva
cious young lady with many of the modern accomplishments of civili
zation. She is a graduate of the university at Paris and has been
for some time past a student at the dental department of our State
University. Her story is most interesting to all readers who are
fond of the mysteries of the Orient, even though it may upset some
>>f ur preconceived ideas on the subject.
Mis Mantafounes was born of Greek parents in the Island of
Scio, belonging to Asia .Minor, but was educated at the American
College at Athens. Her studies there consisted principally of lan
guages] and she has accomplished a list that would stagger most of
v:s who have ever given our serious attention to even a few of those
enumerated here: French, English, • Greek (ancient, and modern),
Italian! Turkish (which she was obliged to study at home under a
private tutor), Arabic and German. All of these she speaks fluently,
and it is simply a revelation to the listener as he hears her skip
easily from one tongue to another, apparently without an effort.
In music the lady is an accomplished performer on the piano,
violin^ mandolin and guitar. She - says she is scarcely up to the
"liike" craze yet as it is not very popular with the ladies of Greece,
After graduating from the college at Athens she went" to Paris
t<> study dentistry, and while there was made chief assistant to the
famous professor, Dr. M.'jtr.mii. for three years. Her father
tra's at that tin a professor in a Turkish college at the island of
Parries, belonging to the Turkish Government, a. most peculiar place,
by the way, where it is not p<^sible to reside without a permit from
the Sultrin or one of his chiefs, countersigned by his Majesty.
The Sultan has a palace there and it is one of his favorite resorts.
She had been at this place but a short time when she was invited
to treat some of the ladies- of the harem who were troubled with a
disease of the teeth which is very common with the women of that
part of the world.
It seems that the teeth are inclined to turn black and crumble
much earlier than nature intended such decay should occur. The
little doctor says she was much troubled by these strange symptoms,
which were quite foreign to anything she had ever seen in Paris, and
she concluded to study the matter out, thinking it might possibly
be of some ■••■lit to the scientific world.
■"I am positive," she said, "that I at last reached at least a rea
sonable solution of the problem. You see the woman of the harem
are very fond of beautifying themselves, and they do not hesitate
at any artificial means that they think may possibly add to their
natural charms. And really they are very beautiful, as a rule. But
like . .any silly women who do not belong to the Sultan's household
they fondly imagine that cosmetics improve the complexion, and
they do plaster them on in a most alarming manner. This would not
bo such a serious matter if they only had the proper materials, but
they are Orientals and of course are a few centuries behind us in
all things — toilet articles included.
"] found they were using a paste which they call in their own
language 'fykos' — the most villainous preparation ever invented. It
contains mush mercury and arsenic, and Boon reaches the vital points
by absorption. Now any dentist will tell you the deleterious effect
of mercury on the teeth. Bui not satisfied with this voluntary
destruction of one of their chief charms, they insist on eating every
form of confectionery that comes within their reach, as if to exag
gerate the trouble as much as possible.
"Having found the cause, I tried my best to remedy the effect.
I advised a more wholesome diet and the use of less harmful cos
metics all in vain; those people are bound to follow the precepts of
their ancestors, and you can neither coax nor drive them, so 1 mode
up my mind to do all possible in an artificial way to replace the
wanton destruction these simple creatures had caused through their
own Ignorance. .
"They despise a plate, so I was obliged to resort to what we call
in the trade crown and bridge work. I thought I -was doing fairly
T.oll In this line till I met a lady from England during my vacation,
which I spent at Athens, who showed me sumo modern improvements
which were quit, new to me, and I imitated as well as I could, gen
erally with indifferent success. However, I did the best 1 could
under the circumstances and made up my mind to visit .London as
soon as possible and learn all these, new tricks, which were abso
lutely necessary for the 'lass of work I was so anxious to pursue. ■
"I had about decided to ask for a leave of absence that I might
make this pilgrimage to London, . when my father was asked to go
to Constantinople and take charge of one of the Government schools
which the Sultan was fostering. I was asked to accompany my
father and to remain there as dentist to the royal household.
"Of course this request amounted virtually to a command, and
nothing was left but to obey. So we went to beautiful Constanti
nople. Now- you needn't smile, for Constantinople is beautiful. Of
course you will say it is dirty, but you know nothing of the interior
of the beautiful palaces of that city. You tourists see only the ex
teriors of the nice places, but you know nothing of the beauties
within.
"After all I don't suppose you want to know my opinion of Con
stantinople. All you want is my experience in the harem: that is
the mystery you are after. Well, if you will allow me, I will tell it
in my own way.
"When we arrived at Constantinople we went to a hotel, where
I was given time to change my traveling dress for something more
in keeping with the Oriental idea of the fitness of things. This was
not as easy as you may suppose, for I am a Greek and we have
the most . .-id- d aversion for anything Turkish, still I realized that
it was necessary to make something at least resembling the native
toilet.
"My residence at Bamos had so far educated me in this respect
that I knew about what was expected. I was soon ready and found
that the servants from th" palace were already waiting with a car
riage to drive me to the most exclusive house in all this wide world.
I was a bit nervous at first, but was assured by one attendant that
] had nothing to fear. 'For.' said he, 'you arc under the protection
of the great Turkish Government.. Nothing .can harm, you.'
"'Oh,' I said. 'I know the Government means me no harm, but
I do feel a little anxious aboW individuals. 1
" 'Madame need have no' fear; we of the Sultan's household are
not savages. Take this if you. doubt my word,' and he handed me,
this beautiful silver-hilted dagger. Is' it not pretty? But I. had to
promise faithfully not to allow the little instrument out of my pos
session, as it is contrary to the rules of the harem for a woman to
carry any kind of weapon. I gave my promise and felt much more
comfortable for its companionship.
"We then entered the carriage and drove to the Sultan's palac%
I can never forget my feelings upon entering that famous gateway.
What might happen? I had heard all kinds of stories; I knew of the
bowstring and oblivion in the Bosphorus. But I concluded to take
my medicine as it came and murmur not at all.
"We drove to a private gate 1 and were admitted by an ebony
faced slave, about the finest specimen of the Nubian I have ever.
seen. For a moment I thought the man had just left an oil bath
he was so shiny. I soon learned that he was the chief eunuch of
the harem and a person of great importance, and stranger still a
man of great wealth, though still a slave in every sense of the word.
"I was next ushered into the main reception room; that is the
one set aside for the women of the harem. I can't begin to tell you
how many of them were present, but a great number, and ..as I
entered each within reach gently raised the hem of my garment
and kissed it In the most delicate and respectful manner.
"1 soon found these women a charming lot of companions, although
for the most part very ignorant. They know nothing of the outsldo
fcjjy IKf I^^BT v ? "KHBP"''''''^i^/\/ - ■"" . ' tttt ip r^fflk. -4 "*fc ♦^^^' ifeß •- a-A °q — ■> — ' Sat - — ~> «■» ««
SAIS 7 FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, 3IAY 21, 1899.
miuy iff -logf i#y £Sf Oftft
world, and care less. They always remind one of a lot of domestic
birds who have never knnwn what it is to use their wings; they
are happy—happy as tlwday is lons, for their cage is a very large one
and also very beautiful, and ihey enjoy one great privilege: they
are allowed all the sweetmeats they care to eat, and as they are
very much like children this little privilege makes them supremely
happy. They also absorb great quantities of grease, of which they
are passionately fond.
"Now, they are not supposed to drink wine, although I found
they did so secretly. You know it is forbidden by the Koran. But
they smoke incessantly; cigarettes only, but you scarcely find one
without a cigarette between her pretty lips.
"I was quite mystified for a time at the entire absence of any
thing in the way of that soft down so common to the faces of dark
women, but soon learned the secret of its absence, for the lady
barber made her appearance a short time after my arrival. Her
professional operations are most ingenious, and I was deeply inter
ested as well as amused by them.
"No, she does not use a razor. Her who+e kit consists of a bit
of twine, with which she succeeds in removing every particle of
hair that may grow on {he face. To explain this operation. Of course
you have seen iittle children at pla> with what they call cat's cradle?
Well, just take the first figure of that little game and you have the
instrument in working order. Now hold the twine against the face
of the patient just where the two lines cross each other, then pro
ceed with the see-saw movement and you will find that every hair
is pulled out. rout and branch. This is very painful indeed, and I
never had the nerve to try it a second time. But as I told you in
the beginning a Turkish woman will bear anything in order to beau
tify herself. They submit to this painful operation about twice a
month. Heroic, isn't it?
"They love music, do these women of the harem. Of course it
Id not the kind of music we care for, still one soon becomes fond
of it, and I must admit that 1 have heanl some <>f the music of great
composers very well rendered by inmates of the harem, but as a
rule they prefer their native Iqve Bongs, and onde you have caught
the idea you rather admin' it. Although, as I said before, most of
these women tyre very Ignorant, some of them speak French quite
fluently, but <>f course French is the coun language in most parts of
the world. All Turkish Government papers are made out in French
as well as in the native language.
"The women of this great household are remarkably clever with
the needle; they usually make their own garments, and they are
beautifully made, too. And such beautiful fabrics. I will show you
some."
Hre (he lady showed some of the magnificent presents she had
received from many of the Sultan's favorites. All sorts of em
broidered silks, some of them as fine as a spider's web, and to add
to their value all were woven by hand.
There was one particular article which she said was over a year
in the hands of the weavers. It is a sort of scarf and cani»ot measure
more than thne yards in length by about a quarter m width. This
little bit of vanity is valued ; u $300.
"Have T ever met the Sultan? Yes. indeed. And what did I
think of him. Well, he is a very ordinary looking man and would
be overlooked in the Btn eta of New York or San Francisco. I always
saw him dressed in the very conventional European garb, the only
sign of the Turk being the cap. which was the regulation fez. This
article is worn, of coarse, for religious reasons.
"How many wives has he? Always 2000.
"Why so many? You think he could scarcely remember so many
faces'
"Well, of course not. But there is a saying in Constantinople,
winch I will try to translate for y<n\: 'The size .if the harem is the
t'i. rmometet of wealth. 1 Meaning that a man's wealth is calculated
by the uombtf of women in his harem.
"Are they |appy, these poor creatures? Yes, most decidedly so.
And the larger the harem they belong to the more honored they
consider themselves, of curse this is a condition very hard for us
to understand. But custom regulates all things, and these things are
all according to the custom of the country.
"Is anything like a real wife in the harem? Well, in a manner
y.s; that is. there is one who bears that title, but really she is only
the chi-'f of staff, and has the privilege of knocking thf 'others about
when she feels bo inclined.
"Are the women ever abused by their masters? are they ever
beaten? Well, that is a leading question that I do not care to answer
You know I am about to return to the harem and it is necessary
that I be very careful how I answer your questions. However I
can say this much, and you may draw your own conclusions, 'in
that country the man is master, the woman is but his slave. This
rule is absolute and is observed to the very letter.
"Of course you wonder what I am doing away out here in San
Francisco, and I will explain that. As 1 told you in the beginning, I
had made up my mind to go to London to study mechanical dentistry
Well, I finally indued the officers in command at the palace to send
me over there that I might have a chance to perfect myself in that
branch of the work, ns I fully realized how incompetent I really was
"Wh< n 'I reached Lori. ion and had produced mv credentials i
was told by the dentists there that if I only wanted to Study the
mechanical side the proper place for the purpose was America' On
my way across the Atlantic Ocean I was told by many that San
Francisco. Cal., was ahead of the world in this particular line ' So
here I 'am and here I have studied, and, I hope, perfected myself
under the. able tuition of the faculty at your State University I
am now thoroughly convinced thai I made no mistake when I took
the advice of niy friends and came to San Francisco to study for
your dentists here are "certainly ahead of any I have ever met in
my travels, and I am sure you will admit I have come a long way
to find out.
"3 am very much in love with the country, especially California
its climate is so much like that of Athens, and my only reason for
returning is that lam wanted at my chosen post of duty Resides
my mother is here with me and she longs for her old 'home Mv
father is a professor at the University of Chicago, i am not' sure
but rather think he wiil remain. You know r; scholar is never homo'
sick. They only care for their books and studies.
"As for me, I prefer my dental work in the harem because T
love lt -" m ___^_ W - c - BUNNEST
IN THE AFTERNOON
TRASKE smiled somewhat grimly as he reread the letter written on
creamy paper, heavy and crested, in the great sprawling, angular
hand that is the, fashion for women. - And in the old. gushing,
sentimental style of. her girlhood sfce had written: "I want to
speak : . with; you of .those old days when life promised so much.
Call in the afternoon at 4 on Thursday, if you will."
Traske remembered well when even the sight of that handwriting used
to thrill him. That was when life promised so much. What a neat way of
putting it, he thought. How like a woman, and how like her it was to
Sentimentalize over disillusions for ; which she alone was responsible.
' It all came back to him, a wave from memory's salt sea, and he smiled
to. think that he had.once Imagined the loss of. her would 'kill him. The
first bitterness of losing her— the slow forgetting— when she had gone
abroad with her husband; the gradual .awakening to other interests, and
then the time when' her face: was forgotten., her voice and; her tricks of
speech — those troublesome ghosts— had ceased to haunt him.
"And now she had returned— a "widow, rich, young, beautiful, ready to
summon him to her feet like a slave! He had' seen her driving" on the
avenue, transformed from the girl. he had, known to a radiantly beautiful
woman. If she had only been pale, sad, broken-hearted, he might have
forgiven her. • ■ .
As it was, he hated her for what she had taken from his life— his faith
in woman; his beliefs, his boyhood's ideals! He. wished, as. he thought of
it all. that he could make her suffer for all she had made him lose. He
commenced to think of some way in which he might show her cruelly that
she had no place in his thoughts or his life. And she thought she could
whistle him back like this! Ha, ha! . ... . - .
He remembered one night that no one knew of but him, after she had
gone away, when his boyish heartbreak had spent itself in a burst of
hysterical, womanish tears. He "had always had a contempt for. himself
for that. He wished that it , was in his power to make her shed tears as
bitter as those. He thought that .he would brutally Ignore her letter; but
no, that would not hurt a woman such as she.
He 'picked the sheet of paper from the table and read it again. How
well he remembered that writing!- That had not changed. . What pages
recklessly sweet she had written him! And he— ha, ha! He wondered if
she had those letters vet. - •
"In the afternoon at 4 on Thursday." A drift of violet— the scent of
spring — up, from the- paper, and he remembered, and his hand
trembled. Then he heard himself laugh. It had Just occurred to him—
this was Thursday afternoon, and it was just after 3. Then he told his man
to call a cab. £ — ' KATE MASTERSON, in Life.
PAGES I
25 to 32 I26
IF Providence continues to dispense
■ lii disagreeable winds that
Ban Franciscans have been enduring
of late, one may expect the city soon
to assume the air of :i deserted vil-
lage, for society — that is, that
portion of it that has not already de
■i — will be hurrying away to the
milder atmosphere of the summer resorts.
.Many of those who have summer homes
have already ed themselves
therein; every available cottage about
the bay has been taken, and the coun
try roads in the vicinity of the popular
l: t.i the sound
o!" smartly stepping M''< : .- and the merry
lal party of pleasure
rs.
* * *
The June brides have been receiving
some attention during the last of these
May days, quite a number of luncheons,
dinners and teas having been arranged
for them. There are a number of these
happy little affairs of orange blossoms
listed for the first month of summer.
Mis? Jessie Glascock and Mr. Baldwin
will link their fortunes June 6; Miss Mar
guerite Jolliite and Dr. Herbert C. Mof
titt will be married June 15 at the resi- ,
deuce, of the aunt Of the bride-elect in
Oakland, and on June 17 the wedding of
Miss Elizabeth Watt and Donald Y.
Campbell will take place.
The engagement of Frank J. Dougherty,
stepson of Surveyor of Port Joseph S.
Spear Jr., and Miss May Murphy, daugh
ter of Daniel Murphy, the wholesale liquor
merchant, has been announced. The mar
riage will take place soon after the- ar
rival of the Ami rica Mam.
Mr. Dougherty is quite young. He is at
tached to the surveyor's department of
the Custom-house and has a large num
ber of friends. The young man is a ser
geant In Company D. League of the Cross
Cadets, which won the medal at the com
pel itivo drill in the Pavilion last Friday
night.
Miss Murphy is an accomplished young
lady and is very popular in social cir
cles, especially in the Western Addition,
where she resides with her parents. The
Murphy home, at 107 Devisadero street has
been the scene of many social gatherings.
• * *
The engagement of Miss Alice P. Find
ley and Lieutenant Robert B. Baird, U.
S. X., is authoritatively denied.
• * •
Mrs. William Willis gave an elaborate
dinner party last Friday evening at her
homo on California street in honor of the
Imperial Chinese Consul General, Ho
Vow. The Chinese national color, yellow,
was used in the table decorations, com
plimentary to the guest of honor. Those
at table were: Mrs. Willis, Ho Vow, Mr.
and Mrs. George A. Knight. Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph S. Spear. Miss Maude Mullin, Miss
Adele Martel. Miss Dougherty, Miss In
dia Scott. Hon. William H. Alford, W. D.
Haslam, Frederick S. Knight, Mr. Dodge
and Arthur Spear. ■
John M. Burnett celebrated the fiftieth
anniversary of his arrival in California
last Thursday. Those who helped make
the evening an enjoyable one besides
members of the family were: . Judge and
Mrs. E. D. Sawyer, Colonel and Mrs.
Tobin, Mrs. D. W. C. Nesfield. Mr. and
Mrs. A. Plunkett, Mrs. Robinson, Miss
Robinson. T. I. Bergin, Mrs. Young and
Miss Young. \
* ♦ »
Miss Elizabeth Watt was the guest of |
honor recently at a luncheon given by
Mrs. Edson F. Adams at her home In
Oakland. The others entertained were:
Mrs. Mark Requa, Mrs. Oscar Fitzalan ,
Long. Mrs. C. O. G. Miller. Mrs. 11. M. A.
Miller, Mrs. George 11. Wheat on, Mrs.
Greenwood. Mrs. Orestes Pierce, Mrs. J. I
H. T. Watkinson, Mrs. George W. Me-
Near, Mrs. Victor Me teal Mrs. William
G. Henshaw. Mrs. Charles Bliss, Miss
Josephine Pierce, Miss Florine Brown,
Miss Annie Miller, Miss Nellie Chabot,
Miss Amy McKee.
• • •
Richard M. Hotaling left here a few
days ago for the Yosemite Valley, -where
he will spend some week!".
Mrs. George W. Page and family of San
Jose left last Wednesday for Honolulu
to join Mr. Page, who is in the Govern
ment employ there. They will reside per
manently in the islands.
Mrs. Robert Sherwood has been the
guest of Mrs. Porteoua in Ross Valley
during the past week.
> • •
Mr. and Mr?. William H. Crocker and
Mrs. Sperry of Stockton are in New York,
en route to Europe, where they intend i
spending the summer.
Dr. and Mrs. J. H. Hatch have returned
to the. city after an extended trip to Dal
las. Tex.; Denver, Colo., and Salt Lake.
Mr. and Mrs. Russell Wilson expect to
leave soon for a trip to Yellowstone
Park.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph S. Tobin, Miss
PAMISTRY
5O MANY thousand impressions of j
palms have been forwarded to this
department for reading that it has j
been decided not to receive any
more until those on hand are an- I
swered. This Is done in justice to
the palmist and to those who might for
ward impressions and be obliged to wait
a long time before a careful reading could
be made in this column. ttjfi
• * •
MRS. L. A. W.. Sonora— The artistic is
shown very plainly in your hand. In re
gard to your ideals you will be greatly
disappointed as to people. that
should be spent in intellectual attain
ments you often waste. Colds always Bet
tie in your throat. You are affectionate,
proud, and confuse things in a general
way. Take courage. Your Ideas in re
gard to colors are good. Honesty and
discretion are your characteristics.
MISS RHODA. San Jose— will die
a natural death, but not until after much
travel. Through Inheritance you will come
into a fortune, will entertain lavishly,
marry and have five children. Are a good
manager; tendency to grow stouter, but
always have pretty good health. Ardent
nature; love of children, pets and home
strongly marked.
MRS. NUMBER 6777— Y0u have an ex
cellent heart line, but too emotional. You
succeed In accomplishing seeming impos-
bill ties by your daring. Gentle, sympa
thetic, kind and generous in thought and
action. Nothing commonplace about you.
You are born to be appreciated, but don't
fret too much.
MRS. G. G. V.. Santa Clara— Force of
character strongly marked. Determina
tion will enable you to make a success
of your life. The next seventeen years
will be the best ones in your life. You
are considerate of others, somewhat of a
dreamer; too much in the clouds. Fond
of - bizarre bric-a-brac, etc. You are a
peculiar genius. ■ *•■
MAISIE M., Alameda— have an un
comfortable nature— not that you are
mean to others, but you are suspicious,
and sorrow is the result. You really have
a great deal to live for and look forward
to. You will marry, be left a widow,
marry again, and travel across the wa-
SOCIETY
Katherlne Clement, Miss Genevieve Goad,
Clement Tobin, Peter D. Martin and Wal
ter S. Martin returned yesterday from
thfir trip through Southern California.
Mrs. John de Ruyter will loave to-mor
row to visit her mother, Mrs. Van Ness,
at her home in I>ake County.
* * *
Mr. and Mrs. Sydney Smith returned
on the Gaelic last Friday from their trip
to the Orient.
Mrs. Winthrnp E. Lester arrived here
from Santa Monica last Tuesday and left
soon after for New York. She will sail i
from there May :.T> for Europe and will
remain abroad for several months.
• * *
Mrs. Margaret Irvine and her son, J.
W. Byrne, an- visiting Mr. and Mrs. Cal
laghan Byrne at their home in Santa
Monica.
Mr. and Mrs. Q. M. Delmas and Miss
Pelmas have gone to Sausalito, where
they have taken a cottage for the sum
mer.
Mr. and Mrs. Theodore F. Payne have
been visiting Coronado, Los Angeles and
Sur.ta M.mica during the past fortnight
* * *
Mrs. Carrie V. Gummer has returned
to this city after a six months' visit with
friends in the East.
Mrs. Carrie Noble, who has been visit
ing relatives In the South will arrive in
this city to-day. She will spend several
weeks with her mother, Mrs. Duff <'
Green, before returning to her home iii
New York City.
Mrs. Homer" King will leave here for
the East next Tuesday. She will return
shortly with her daughter, Miss Genevieve
Kincr. wlm will spend her summer vaca
tion in this city.
• ♦ •
Miss Jessie Fillmorp. who has been vis
iting Mrs. EL G. Smith of Sacramento has
returned to her home In thN city
Mrs. C. S. Fackenthall, wife of Rev c
P. Fackenthall of Princeton. N .1 is ex
latt. r part of this month.
fche will spend the summer with her
mother, Mrs. George Wallace, of Pacific
Grove.
The commencement exercises of the
1 class of '99 of the Irving Instituti took
place last Thursday evening. The follow
ing young ladies were graduate,!: Miss
Helen Brown, Miss Blanche May Doane,
Miss Mary Ida Downing, Miss jeannette
Gillis. Miss Mary Aura Lea Hall, Miss
Ethel Anita Hendy, Miss Elvira Worm
wood Hobbs, Miss Gertrude Elizabeth
Kennedy, Miss Maude Adelaide MacCaU,
Miss Kdna Jay Martin. Miss Leila Willed
McDermott. Miss Lydia Marie Miller and
Miss Eli anor Dyke Soper.
Mrs. E. D. Owen of 2421 Sutter street
announces the engagement of her daugh
ter, Miss Franc Owen, to Sam H. Sn.tt.
The wedding will be quietly celebrated at
the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Frank E
Booth. 1680 Broderick street. .lune 1, only
the immediate relatives and friends being
present.
The engagement has been announced of
Austin N. Walton of Pan Francisco and
Miss Marie ].. MeDermot of Oakland.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Blanche Terrill of Santa Crua to William
Durbrow of this city. Both were stu
dents of the University of California,
from which Mr. Durbrow will bt» grad
uated this year.
Mr. Nad Mrs. A. Kaiser of Oakland an
nounce the encasement of tlv-ir daugh
ter. Miss Augusta Kaiser, to William
Branstedt of this city.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Maude Frank and Leon Lazarus. At
home to-day from 2 to 5, at 1925 Webster
street.
The fourth hop of the Sine Cura will
be held at Hinman's Hall, corner Twenty
first and Howard streets, Thursday even
ing. May 25.
The ninth anniversary of Golden State
Parlor No. 60, X. D. G. W.. will be
held on Thursday evening, May 25, at
Union-square Hall.
Remembrance day will be celebrated by
the Pacific Coast Women's Press Asso
ciation to-morrow at 2:30 p. m. at Golden
Gate Hall. The programme will 1m- ;i~
follows: Opening remarks by the presi
dent, Mrs. Abbie E. Krebs; duet, violin
and piano, Professor and Mrs. Noah
Brandt; tribute to the memory of Mrs.
READ THE STORY IN YOUR HAND.
I ter. Great reader, but should develop
your own personality. Warm hearted.
RUTH A., Alameda— Great capacity and
1 bound to succeed in every undertaking.
: You will make friends, because you are
kind and affable Good speaker and
writer despite your shyness. Your life
'is not marred by any of the horrible fa
talities. You never I*lll be very strong
or robust. Success in friendship, love and
j marriage. Prosperous life.
MISS SNAPDRAGON, College Park—
Your life will be very long and you will
: cross the water three times. You will die
in a foreign country. You are too ner
vous to become stuut. Delicacy Is your
strong characteristic. Your lurk <• rales
: through others. Be more careful of
your money; you are too lavish. Good
I heart; brilliant conversationalist; very
affectionate, and will make a happy mar
-1 riage.
J. DEAR, Gough street— The best part
:of your life is the middle life. A deep
thinker and ijuiek in action: romantic
( ideas; original and strong powers of con
; ceptlon. re not lucky in youth In mon
etary matters. Strong likes and dislikes.
Not an excellent manager. Gifted
< mentally; fond of sciences and phil
j osophy. Many changes that will affect
you in every way.
MR. RICHARD ROE, Siskiyou-The
i present time Is an Important period in
your life. Matters arc developing and
, hard work is ahead. You will conquer
! obstacles. Will be divided in your sym
pathies. Will marry again. Live out of
doors, and you must be careful in hand
ling horses. You love animals; are kind
to and fond of the opposite, sex. Good rea
son and judgment.
MRS. I>. CUSHION— The hand of fate.
I A long life, but much trouble. Charita
| ble and extremely unselfish. Your life
i will be a sacrifice. You have great intui
tion. The future will be entirely different
'■ from the past. Born to make others
happy, even though you suffer.
MRS. MORFYDD PHILLIPB, Golden
i Gate— You are susceptible and very gen
! erous. There Is a tendency to grow
I stout. Happy home surroundings are
1 marked. You are an impressionist, very
decisive, and will have an important and
! successful life. You lack business capac-
I ity, but are a good student and fond of
THE SAN FBAyciSCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
Cecilia H. Ilobson, by Harriet M. Skid- !
more; tribute to Mrs. M. L. W. Towle, by
Mrs. Barbara Knell; original poem, by
Mrs. Amelia "W. TrueadeTl; vocal solo,
Mme. Guldo Spltzy; reading- of Brown's ;
"Saul," Mrs. Adeline de Watt Reynolds;
tribute to Mrs. F. D. Morrell, by Mrs.
Mary E. Hart; tribute to Mrs. Alpha
Blake, by Mrs. Maria Freeman Grey; j
violin solo, Professor Noah Brandt. |
Friends are Invited.
The Deux Temps will hold Its last dance. \
of the season at Golden Gate Hall, 625 i
Sutter street, on Friday evening, May 20. i
Evening dress.
Miss Birdie Jacobs has returned home !
after a most enjoyable trip through the
Eastern States.
Mrs. James B. Marvin, who has been ill j
at the Palace Hotel for the last three !
months, has gone to Johannisberg, Napa I
County.
Mrs. S. F. Hughes and little daughter, :
Lucile, and Mrs. C. L. Mitchell and babies ]
have gone to Sonoma County for the I
summer.
Miss Lnura E. Todd of Gridley. Cal., is
visiting Mrs. Mary E. Hart at 10S McAl
lisier street.
Dr. and Mrs. E. R. Bryant have re- j
turned from their honeymoon and are at j
the Berkshire
The following passengers sailed from '
San Francisco last Wednesday on the
steamship Moana: For Honolulu— E. H.
Adams and wife, Dr. R. W. Anderson,
wife, two children and nurse; Mrs. George
R. Auberlln, James Bardin. It. Beck, J. ;
A. Buck. J. A. Buck Jr., Walter E. Buck. |
W. ('. CochVan, C. M. Cooke, wife, two j
children and nurse; Mrs. H. E. Cooke and j
maid, G. M. Hancock, wife and two chil
dren; Arnold Hooper, Mrs. F. Koebele and
son. D. C. Little, P. N. McCandless, R. L.
McCrea. Leo Meyer, Miss Harriet Mor
ton, A. C. Paulsmeler, B. Richer and wife,
D. C. Robertson and wife, A. Ryrie and
wife. W. J. Schmidt. T. Smalley. Mrs. A.
L. Soule, child and maid; E. B. Southard,
Jkree Well J<r\oWr\ Society Belles or\ the Oakland Shore.
Paul Stecker. Mrs. J. S. Walker, \Y. T.
Wheatly, wif< and two children; -Mrs. C.
D. Wright and daughter.
For Apia— F. T. Chambers, Charles Dun
can, E. R. Gaylor, John George Leigh,
J-ihn B. Leonard, G. A. McKay, J. H.
Mulligan, R. Tibbitts.
For Auckland -C. Cory Mann, Edmund
Petti r. M ; -s a. M. Stevens.
For Sydney Frank Earp, Tom English
and wife, \v. Groan, .). H. Hall, If. n.
HJnshaw, Rev. Mother Jackson, H. Knip
plng. Miss B. Lee, James MacMahon,
Mme. Malrrin. James Pa ton, F. P. Paul,
Neil H. Reid, H. Robinson, Roy. D Ko
per. Rev. Mother Salmon, Rev. Mother
Smith, R. H. Stevens, Mips c. o. Stevens
Mile. A. Trebelli. Of-nrgo Tye, James Val
dares and wife, Mllf. Zelie Vandour.
Td ,i->in at Honolulu for Sydney— William
Bernard, wife and child: Harry Cashman
Harry Connor, Edward G. Cooke, Miss
Arlfii" Crater, Robert Dunbar, Miss
Viola Gillette, Miss Mad. line Lack. Sam
Marion, Miss Little McCoy, Miss Nellie
McCoy. Miss McAvoy, Miss Helen Mer
rill, Arthur Pacie and wife, Miss Emma
Siejfi I and Hugh Ward and wife.
The wedding of Miss Frances Dillon,
niece of Mrs. M. Dillon of this city, and
Harry E. Walsh took plar« on Wednesday
evening, May 10, at St. Joseph's Church
Rev, Father Hartnett officiating. The
bride was attended by Miss Mac Walsh,
sister of the groom. George Dillon, cousin
of the bride, acted as best man. After
a reception at their new home, the young
couple left on an early train for the
pouth, where they will spend a few weeks.
Mr. Walsh has but recently returned
the occult. Musical, and happy disposi
tion. "Will go and come on short jour
neys. You are liable to have a fall from
a horse. /
MRS. J. PASTOR— Born to sorrow, and
for your sunshine an equal amount of
shadow. Always on the go, but you
ought to make use of your mind. Cau
tious, generous disposition, and will come
noar death in collision or accident. Give
up thoughts of suicide and cultivate more
hope. You can avert umch by your own
efforts.
MRS. JAMES W. RUSSELL, Modesto-
Lifo line is long and belief in occult
stronger than in orthodox principles.
Imagination, inspiration and splendid
power of expression. Spirituelle, affec
tlonute and broad-minded. Travel and
danger and accidents averted. Very thor
ough in detail, hospitable and charitable;
domestic as well. Would not make a
good business woman.
MISS LIZZIE VANGORDEN. Modesto—
i Hypersensitive hlgli strung, nervous ter
n Will be better off, but will
have to go through losses, and there will
be a tendency to head trouble. Avoid
; brooding and never contemplate suicide.
You have a tendency to melancholia.
Your efforts will not meet with demon
strative returns, yet people will be grate
ful to you.
C. H. McJOY, Sacramento— Great vital
ity and vitativeness. or clinging to life.
Hand shows speculative propensities and
great and varied experience with the
world in aH Up phases. Very hopeful and
though you will have losses through your
• ■ontinuity of purpose you will recuperate.
Lines point to an adverse entanglement.
Your life has been threatened. Your life
I has been very much like an April day.
Health is much better now than it has
| been. Active life and of the lymphatic
temperament.
MISS M. B. SMITH. Sacramento— Heart
I line is very prominent. Impressionable
|t" a high degree. "Would hute to be poor
and are of a worrying nature. Will some
day own jewels and laces. Very sensitive
nature and a great desire for travel. Life
i will in future be cast in pleasanter places.
I Life at present very monotonous. You
j can be either the most agreeable or the
i most disagreeable person in the world.
i OTTO PEARSON— You have a keen un
from Manila, having served with Admiral
Dewey in the battle of Manila Bay. The
wedding party consisted of Mr. and Mrs.
Walsh. Mrs. J. Walsh. Mrs. M. Dillon,
Vincent Perrini, Miss Alice Perrin, Joseph
McCarthy, Miss Nellie Walsh. Miss Mamie
Walsh. Miss Mary Gartland Mr. and Mrs.
William Campbell, Mr. and Mrs. John
Ford, Miss Kitty Crow. James Dillon,
James Ford, Miss Nellie McDermott, Miss
Lizzie Walsh, Mrs. Anna Dodge, Mrs.
Mattie McArin, Mr. and Mrs. J. Hyams,
Miss Mamie Dillon, William Ford, George
Linaky, Frank Walsh. George Dillon and
James Kelly. Mr. and Mrs. Walsh will
be nt home the lirst Sunday in June,
The wedding of Miss Agnes Johnson and
F. Phillips will take place on Monday
morning. June 5. at 10 o'clock, at St.
Paul's Episcopal Church, Fourteenth and
Harrison streets. Oakland.
An enjoyable birthday party was given
to Miss Annie Cull by her parents at their
residence, 2750 Twenty-fourth street,
Thursday evening. May IS. The house
was artistically decorated with ferns and
evergreens and tall palms. The evening
was spent in singing, dancing and play
ing games. The guests present were Law
rence Cull. E. Gavan, J. Gainey. J. Wal
lace, Mr. Solomon, P. Haggerty, W. Mc-
Carthy. M. Fitzgerald, M. Ryan, T. Mi-
Gee, Miss Lennon, Miss J. McAleer, Miss
M. M-Al.'er. Miss A. Marshall. Miss M.
Dunne. Miss G. Downes. Miss Cahl. Miss
K. Shanahan. Miss M. Ryan. Miss E. Ry
an. Miss A. Cull, Miss M. Cull, Miss A.
Grant, Mr. and Mrs. L. Cull, Mr. and Mrs.
E. d'Artenay. Mr. and Mrs. F. McGee and
Mrs. J. McGee.
On Friday afternoon. May 19. was held
the monthly meeting of the Mission Read
ing Club at the residence of Mrs. H. J.
Burns, 3345 Seventeenth street. Quota
tions and readings from Shakespeare
were contributed by the members, with
solos by Miss Mary F. Cook and recita
tions by Miss E. Houghton. After the
programme a dainty menu was served.
Among those present were: Mrs. H. J.
Burns, Mrs. I. I. Jewell, Mrs. Francis
J. Moor,, Mrs. Robert Bragg. Mr.-. Kemp,
Mrs. Frank Neil, Mrs. E. F. Wilbur. Mrs.
Emily R. Eastman, Airs. George A. Mer
rill. Mrs. George B. Miller. Miss Mary F.
Cook, Miss E. Houghtqn, Mrs. E. B. Vrcc
land and Mrs. Hoyt.
Mr. and Mrs. Lauterbach i ntertained
several officers of the lowa and friends
Tuesday evening at their home, 1816 Union
street. The drawing-room was tastefully
decorated with the stars, and stripes in
honor of t!:-ir guests.
Mr. and Mrs Max Posner have issued in
vitations for a dinner to be given at the
Ma is. in Riche on Wednesday evening.
May 84, In celebration of the twenty-fifth
anniversary of their marriage.
A May festival and dance will be given
by the Children's Progressive Lyceum on
Monday evening, May 22, at Pythian Cas
tl( . 908 Market street.
Mr. and Mrs. Sol Shipper announce the
confirmation of their daughter Phoelx ai
the Geary-Btreel Temple this evening. At
home this afternoon From 2 to 5 o'clock at
their residence, 2112 Buchanan street
The engagi mi nl is announced of Miss
T^illian Solomon, youngesi daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. M. Solomoß of this <-ity. to
Walter A. Hyman of Foisom. They* will
be. at home on Sunday, the 28th "inst.,
from 2 to 6 p. m., at their residence, 2213
Geary Btrei t.
Mrs. E. Breitstein of Los Angeles is
stopping at the Montrose, corner of Van
Ness avenue and Geary street, where she
will be pleased to see friends.
1., wis D. Mead, son of L. R. Mead, sec
derstandlng of human nature. You are
inclined to be stout. Danger of apoplexy.
Circulation of the blood will be rather
sluggish. Will have a very eventful life.
Increase in money. Widowhood is mark
ed strongly in your hand. Will suffer
from your feet. Ambitious, a life full of
changes. A bright future before you
in the near future; important changes.
JOHN EDSON, Sacramento — Hand
shows courage, good observation. The in
fluences of a home life are necessary to
the attainments you will have. Secretive,
positive and decisive. Should be more
careful of money. Jt will be a merry life
and of importance. You will travel this
year and will have luck in business. Your
death will be natural, not sudden, and
you will enjoy the possession, of your
faculties throughout life.
MRS. J. A. BAT'ER, Tucson, Ariz.—
Hand shows refinement, culture, intrepid
and great mentality. Have been close to
accidents and dangers. Born to command.
You have :i very lucky hand. Fond of
travel and changes. Secretive, perceptive,
born to shine. Surroundings always se
lect and well chosen, of a very artistic
temperament. Great firmness, but also a
great deal of vanity and no religion.
MISS B. M. E., Sacramento— The most
important part in your life is from 20 to
40. The line of prosperity shows you
will never become wealthy through your
own exertions. You must be careful of
money, for you are threatened with pov
erty in old age. Will travel a great deal.
Vivacious and of a nervous temperament.
Love of the beautiful ami art very pro
nounced. Will make trouble for your
self unless more diplomatic.
A. B. CLARK— There is a very long life
line. There will be more certainty and
leps speculation in your life hereafter.
Head line phowa good common sense.
Home influences are pleasant and affect
your future. Great force of character and
determination. You aim for peace and
tranquility of mind, avoiding quarrels.
Have a good knowledge of the world, and
you am generous and affectionate. Money
in latter part of your life.
HAZEL HALDWIN— Best part of your
life begins after the twenty-second year,
when you will have uninterrupted "luck
until after the fiftieth year. When older
you will grow stout. You will make a
success of your life socially and financial
rotary of the Rlsdon Iron Works, re
turned from New York yesterday, where
he has been Btudylng at Columbia Col
lege. He will spend his vacation at Byron
Hot Springs.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Auerbach and
their son, Sp.llto, of Guatemala City are
now traveling through Italy. They in
tend to spend several years in Florence,
where Mrs. Auerbach will pursue her
musical studies.
At the
Following are the late arrivals at Hotel
i Belvedere. Belvedere, Marin County. From
San Francisco— Dr. Milan Soule aiid wife,
Henry P. Dimond and wife, Angus Cald
well, wife and child, James Suteo Han
i son, E. Scott and wife. Mrs. Edward S.
[ Abbott. Charles Fernald, C. A. Clinton,
M.D.. A. S. Piper. Mrs. Hadcnfeldt, Mrs.
Clara Higbee. Mrs. E. A. Mcßride, Miss
M. P. Surnner. William Doxey and Mas
ter Frank Doxey. W. O. Richardson. J.
G. RlcharadHOQ, J. E. Ritchie. Mrs. Bai
ley and Miss Bailey, Mrs. A. Baker. G. H.
Robinson, Mrs. C. D. Hazzard. Miss L. M.
Hazzard, C. S. Benedick and wife, Mrs.
Ella A. Judson, Charlotte D. Judson, A.
T. Morrison and wife, Miss Madge Rich
ardson, Miss B. Friedlander, William
Doxey and Edward Doxey, E. A. Abbott
and wife. Miss Abbott. From Oakland-
Miss E. Comstock, Miss G. Gibson. John
G. Hopper. Sonoma; J. R. Fairchilds,
wife, child and nurse, New York; Dr.
Byron Haines, wife, child and maid, and
Miss Maxwell, Belvedere; Charles Wal
ton and wife. New York: Mrs. William
McPherßon Hill and John B. Hill, Eld
ridge.
La to arrivals at the Hotel Metropolo,
Santa Catallna Island, are: Georp H.
Waliis. G. E. Charming, C. F. Orr, Will
< lam Robertson, W. A. Monroe and wife,
: Otto Falch. Mrs. M. 11. Lawrence,
Charles Schroth and family, and Mr. and
Mrs. Albert J. Dibble, all of San Fran
j CiSCO.
The following guests registered at Lau
rel l><n this week: From San Francisco
Mr. and Mrs. Charles F. Thurbach. Mrs.
O. Lewis. Mrs. B. M. Doud. H. H. Elliott,
H. F. Mann, Frances S. Hirschey, Caro
line B. Williams, H. Kelly, Mr. arid Mrs.
iA. M. Roberts. From Potter Valley—
: Thomas Moore. Josie Sehohay, George
Burgess and Ella Sehohay.
Recent arrivals at Tlotel Rowardennan.
South Ben Lomond, are: Mrs. C. B
; Gould, Oakland; Miss G. Gould. Oakland;
Mrs. Foulds and daughter. Berkeley; Dr.
Washington Dodge and wife, Mrs." For
man and Miss Forman, San Francisco;
J. B Bishop. San Jose: J. de Zabio,
San Jos.-: Webb R. Ballard, Thomas Eler
| ick, William F. Perkins. San Francisco;
Chase Wilson, W. H. Lamb, Mrs. Robert
Effy, Mrs. E. G. Wilson. Santa Cruz. The
golf links have just been completed and
are much enjoyed by the guests.
Following are the arrivals at Byron Hot
i Springs during the past week: From San
- Francisco— L. M. Benjamine, John Mc-
Lean, J. S. Jamson, George M. Loa. Wil-
I Ham Cohn, T. F. Holtz, P. Samuels. J. \V
I Collins, N. Schceline, O. N. Sullivan, S.
ly. You love amusement and are. a good
entertainer. "Will travel far and wide. An
early marriage and three children marked
for you.
MRS. IDA P.— Hand shows progression
and promises wealth. Indicative of great
force of character, and great generosity
of heart. Have your own ideas of re
ligion, and it is a life that, despite diffi
culties, will be successful. Money comes
to you in many directions. Excellent rea
son, judgment and logic. Home ties will
give you the greatest pangs. Self-saeri
licing hand. \ou will outlive all your
family.
MRS. LAURA FORD— Hand Shows
changes and trouble, but not of your own
making. Tendency to paralysis as you
pn>w older. Very good-hearted, but never
fully appreciated or understood. Will re
cover, but have Bickneßa ahead of you.
Danger through accident. Very strong in
friendship. Love music and are of domes
tic tendencies. Independent and proud,
magnanimous and benevolent.
M. J.*-Lifc of importance, with many
rapid changes. Affectionate, love of home
and surroundings strongly marked. Not
as successful in beginning of life. Very
persistent and great ideality. Quick in
thought and splendid head line. Will
travel and bo in danger of prison in mid
dle life. Health good. Never be very
rich. Ought to be more domestic and
cautious.
MISS EDNA P. M.— Delicate arganiza
tion harmonious; love of opposite sex;
best friends will always be men. Very
fortunate in money matters. Hospitable,
critical and analytical. Will inherit mon
ey from relatives and will travel exten
sively. You feel better at night than in
the morning. You are somewhat of an
extremist. You will have a natural death.
MISS M. P. F.— You could never make
your own living. You have a lovely dis
position and are quite giftou. You aim
to attain great heights, friend? of wealth
and position will be numerous. Capable
of exerting great influence on others.
Hand shows love of music and great
power of imitation and mimicry. Will
never be in want. Very fortunate mar
riage.
MR. JONAS. Napa-Good heart line,
and will have a prosperous life, as well
as a very long one. Very sympathetic
and sensitive. Have escaped danger
through illness. Sympathetic tempera
S. Hockett. Mrs. Theodore Hampe, L.
Cole. From Oakland— George W. Wheat
ney, M. Lewis and wife, Maurice Behan,
Mrs. W. H. Lowden. Miss Florence Low
den. From Sacramento— J. W. Marsh,
Mrs. H. C. Hotrilter, Mrs. C. Grofmiller.
W. A. Desborough. A. L. Tagga/t. From
Portland, Or.— Mrs. A. Marks. Mrs. S.
Beck, J. W. Cumin, T. J. Scheidnagel.
From New York— Frank K. Quinn and W.
L. Stone.
The following guests registered at Ken
ilworth Inn, Mill Valley, during the past
week: Mr. and Mrs. H. N. Tllden. S.
Siebenhauer and family. Mr. and Mrs. F.
W. Knight, Jacob Unna and family. Mr.
and Mrs. H. 11. Scott. Mrs. Cantwell and
son, Henry Meyer and family, Mrs. L.
K. Conrad, Mrs. Easton,' Dr. and Mrs.
Joseph Le Conte of San Francisco. Mrs.
K. Falcfe of Buffalo, N. V. ; Mrs. and Miss
Salomon of Denver. Colo.; William Rich
ardson Jr. and Miss Helen Richardson of
San Francisru.
The folowing guests have registered at
Gilroy Hot Springy during the past week:
P. J. Quinn, Michael Noran. —ss Rosina
Kuss. W. H. Cameron. K. Winter and
wife, H. Wellman and wife, H. Wen.lt
and wife. G. B. Matzler. F. Schussl.-r,
Jacques Levy, M. M. Batt, Mrs. J. Batt.
Mrs. B. L< vy. San Francico: Miss Marie
Ryan, Mrs. R. -l. Ryan, V. T. Ryan. C.
Pollard. J. Hooper. Mrs. Thomas Fowler.
1). W. Wallis, wife and daughter. Patrick
Fitzgerald. James E. Kannely and Wife.
Gilroy: L. R. Morris. Watsonville: Barney
Taylor. San Jose: Mrs. C. W. Hancock
and son; Nevada: ('. M. Barney and wife,
Bloomtield; Miss Winlield Holbrook, Wa
tertown. New York.
The week's arrivals at Highland Springs
are: From San Francisco- M. Esnpsito,
Ralla V. Watt and wife. H. F. Mann. Mr.
and Mrs. Mantz. J. A. Klein, Edward E.
Perley. From Oakland— J. D. Galloway.
Dr. W. D Huntington, H. L. Huntington,
H. Huntington, H. M. Barry. From
Ukiah— B. F. Farrell and wife, B. Farrell,
John G. Whelan. T. B. Bond. Lakeport;
Robert W. Graff, San Leandro; Games
Lawson. U. S. A.; Percy J. Young and
wife. New York: Mrs. M. Rudolf and
child. Colusa: J. W. Harris, Hopland;
Miss Dreypoleher, San Rafael.
Arrivals at Paraiso Springs for the past
week are: F. W. Webster, T. M. Sulli
van. Mrs. 11. M. Cronberg. San Francisco;
J. B. Scott, Salinas: C. T. Romie, Sole
dad; F. W. Kly. San Francisco: J. A.
Hosmer. Palo Alto; E. Daugherty, Sa-
Miss M. L. Fruhling. Lark's Nest;
O. S. Tuttle and wife, Watsonville; Mrs.
Curious Shopping in the Paris Tempfe,
THERE are not many people in Paris
who know of the existence of the
Temple hidden away among the net
work of streets that intersect the
r< nion of the district of the same
name unless they live in the Latin
quarter and are art .students who spell
art with a capital A.
It was with some of these seekers after
draperies i-.nd hangings that I made my
. isit to the Temple. By means of
bus and considerable walking we arrived
huge barnlike affair somewhat re-
Bembling a market. The lower floor was
covered with small booths gay with cheap
finery and very glaring in their extreme
newness. Their respective dVners popped
out as we passed and Implored mir cus
tom. But we who were in search of the
ancient walked scornfully by, climbing
a pair of rickety stairs and at the, top
paying an entrance fee of one sou.
As I < ntered the long, low room never, I
thought. h;.<] T Been such a conglomera
tion of rubbish all arranged in piles and
h^aps on the floor, with the owner of each
little allotment squatting In the midst.
We worked our way Blowly through rows
of neatly arranged old boots, bits of
china and brass, men's clothes of all de
scriptions women's petticoats in be
draggled silk and lace, a gorgeous tea
gown that once perhaps had graced the
form of a beautiful demlmondaine, an
outrageous ball costume that a model
may have worn at a Bal Bullier. a dainty
embroidered crepe that probably origin
ated at Worth's and a carnival costume
with iis baggy pantaloons spread out in
flaunting boldness. Here and there in dif
ferent parts of the room people were try
ing on various garments. ]v one corner
a man was struggling with a pair of un
ruly boots; in another a girl in bare neck
| ment. You will have an even life and you
will in every way attain your greatest
wishes and desires. Tendency to grow
stout and sudden death. Very intuitive
MONROE A. JONES-A nice hand, yet
showing strong fatalities. Great love" of
pleasure and amusements; fond of ease
and luxury. Great dislike of arduous la
bor. Line of prosperity shows you are
I more of a sctterer than gatherer. Health
! line shows that you are excessive in
j every way. Hand shows ilne sympathetic
| feelings, but you only like those who
I like you. Not the hand of a philanthro
pist. After 50 your powers decrease. Noi
religious, but lover of music and , tine
arts.
MRS. L. MESSBRSMITH— Great deal
of imagination and would make a Bplen
: did correspondent. Better in parlor than
lat domestic duties. Very dramatic and
: romantic. The affections very strong and
| lasting. The only thing is you will be a
i victim of circumstances. Will travel far
| and wide. No business ability and must
; cultivate calculation, very quick and will
I come before the public.
MRS. 1". P. Ht'TT. Evergreen-Hyper-
I sensitive, high-strung nature. It is not
your originality but your strong person
ality that gains you friends. You build
air castles a great deal and are. naturally
benevolent. You will never be thor
oughly understood on account of your
peculiar ideas. Rather delicate, and were
it not for hope and will power you would
have been dead long ago.
E. MrRQOCK, Evergreen— You must
have been married very young and are of
an industrial nature In the beginning of
your life you lived in affluence, and
though now you are in rather an em
barrassed linancial state, during the last
y.ars of your life you shall not live In
want. You are very spirituelle. You
have helped others and have many
friends. You are somewhat of a book
: worm. Have your own ideas of religion
Great tranquility of mind, but it is a self
imposed task.
MISS E. I NOAM.— Hand showing tend
; ency toward lung disease. More mental
than physical strength. Born to com
mand and have a love of display. Home
will be everywhere and anywhere You
! can adapt yourself to your surroundings
You have a harmonious nature, but will
meet with a great deal of discord. Self
sufficient, affable, kind and at the same
Milo Waldron, San Francisco: E. I. Kin
eaid, Redwood City; N. J. Stewart, Aro
mas W P. Alexander and wife, Watson
vilh ■■ C M. Neel and wife, Chicago; T. J.
Macauly, San Francisco: T. J. Field.
Monterey; F. G. Tnttle. Watsonville; P. .
J Couro'n San Francico: John Sehaefer, A
Oakland. „ _
Recent arrivals from San Francisco at
Skaggs Springs include Alex Masson,
George Fritch and wife, T. P. bmith and
family. Eugene McCoy, J. P. Henry G.
Held." Captain J. Simpson and wife, Miss
Agnes Simpson. Miss Maud Simpson, Miss
Amalfa Simpson. Mr?. Charles B. f.ibbs.
Miss Helen E. Gibbs, J. R. Daggett, F.
11. Mann, C. W. Kenitzer and wife, W. A.
Mitchell. George M. Murphy. H. M. Eng
lander, Isidore Hums and wife, Mls3
Moyle Roll, ri J. Tobln, Miss Agnes To
bin. Miss Ellen Glynn. W. B. Amann,
Mrs. H. Cohn. F. O. Callaghan. H. V.
Jeffries and son, J. M. Duke. J. T. Sulli
van. P. Curry. From Oakland— O. H.
Keyes. Mrs. W. P. Keyes. R. H. Davis.
From Healtfsburg— James McClellen. Miss
Ruth McClellen, Mrs. Hadley, Dr. C. W.
Weav.r. J l .. 11. Barnes, J. H. Miller and
C. M. Gray of Honolulu.
Guests registered at Duncan Springs,
Mendocino County, are: C. Herrmann,
Dr. Battelle, wife, son and maid; Mrs.
Henry Boyd, Mise BUrfe E. Boyd, Miss
Agnes E. Boyd, J. A. Farrelly, M. Red
mond, S. B. Blake, Emil Held, H. F.
Mann. J. Brown, Mr. and Mrs. < ". J. Par-
I suns. j. King, all of San Francisco; Mrs.
J. Birlem Jones and Miss J. F. Birlem.
The Black, .Man's
Jlnswep.
Bj Richard Jtealf.
THE following appealing verses, •
penned many years ago by Richard
R'ealf, the eminent English poet,
soldier and workman, are peculiar-.*^
ly appropriate at the present time,^^
when Kipling's '-The White Man' s '
Burden" is evoking such universal dis
cussion. "A Black Man's Answer" serves
wonderfully well to Illustrate the fact
that history repeats itself. Realf wroto
the poem in advocacy of the freedom of
the negroes 01 the South, and to-day its
lines and sentiments are fresh, and pe
culiarly applicable to the grave situation
now presenting itself to this Government
in the Philippines.
Here is Realf s poem, written thirty
years ago:
Well, If it be true, as you assert,
That this is a land for the white man
And not for "niggers," does that import
That our God is the white man's fool?
Two peoples? The hammers and heats
Have forged and fused, like welded
links,
The fates' of the twain In one: we are
For you the riddle of the Sphinx.
And you must solve us. unless again.
Over the burning moil of woe
Where never falleth the blessed rain.
Hell-dragged you want us to go.
When the scythes of slaughter swung In
blood
And fair green fields of men were.
mown.
Did not our black limbs dapple the sod
With streams as red as your own?
But not for this do we look in your face.
White man, and ask, with hungry eyes,
My brother, give us a. little space
To work in under the skies!
We are not mendicants; we are Souls! ■*
The souls that thrilled in Shakespeare,
and
Lit Lincoln's lips with living coals,
j Thrill us here where we stand.
We try to use our wings and fly:
We try to use our limbs and run:
Do you hold mortmain over the sky,
Over the earth and sun?
Your apples are of Hesperidrs;
You give us those of Tantalus;
But what if the Lord should blight your
trees.
And mock you as you mock us .
and arms was busily engaged in trying
on bloomers and she was most particu
lar about the tit.
Old women were putting their husbands
into overcoats, patting and smoothing
away the wrinkles that would come. We
had some difficulty in reaching our de
sired quarter and it was hard to avoid
treading on some of the precious ai
Quite unconsciously 1 had my feet firmly
planted on the end of a brilliant plush
cloak, and a whole volley of angry French
was hurled at me by an irate female be
fore I realized my position.
At last I caught the coloring nf a Per
sian shawl and then I knew that we were
"there." After rooting about and turn
ing over a heap of things we put sc>m<>
shawls and draperies on unc side prepara
tory to t!i»> bargaining, which soon com
menced. If you want a good bargain you
must keep your nvm or woman, which
ever it may be, in good temper. Once show
| that you are angry at what seems an ex-
I orbitant price and your case is lost. But
smile upon him. shake your finger know
ingly and laughingly and by genteel de
grees beat him down. It takes time and pa
tlence, and by the time the coveted article
is yours your stock of patience is well
nigh exhausted and your smile has be
come a fixture. But you think it worth
while, as you march proudly off with a
handsome Persian rug or rich cashme.ro
| shawl under your arm, bought for a song.
It's a common sight on Sunday mornings
to see the students carrying enormous
bundles through the streets without a
I sign of a wrapper. Paper is a luxury at
the Temple. A rug large enough to
a whole floor will be cheerfully carried,
by two girls who at home would feel hurt
if ask^d to carry a small paper parcel
home from the shop. They all have that
happy, excited look in their faces and,
springiness in their gait which always be
tokens a visit to the Temple.
-M. L. HARRISON.
Paris, April, 1899.
PALMISTRY
I time have a temper. Will meet sham and
I humbug. v
LILIAX BROWN, San Rafael-Latter V
I part of your life will be the best part of
i it. It will be through your own fault
; that you will make a failure of the be
ginning of your life. You meet with all
sorts of people: it is a regular medley.
Be careful of your money, for you are
: a spendthrift and careless about leaving
your things around. I>arii!tr and will es
cape danger. You will run the entire
I gamut of experiences.. You are a good
' reader of character; are an elegante
MISS D.F.FRANCIS- Best part of your
; life will be from now on until middle
Vim will nave money, but poor health
Have a very good heart— charitable and
magnanimous. Though you get tired out
easily, you must walk a great deal. Very
conscientious; contemplates travel. Avoid
i horses as much as possible. You
. very capable, skillful and versatile. Have
: a great love for home. Will leave home
suddenly, soon, and not alone. Will not
j outlive your husband, but will be very
I happy in marriage.
I JESSIE D., San Jose— You have a warm
; loving nature, and are often misunder-
I stood. You are moral and upright but
| do not impress others with your worth.
\our nature is social. You will marry
GEORGE E.. Palo Alto—Thlfl is the
hand of a tireless student. V.m will be
come a lawyer and a good one. You have
had hard financial problems, but will hay ■
| more money next year. You must per
i sist. You will come out all right.
DAISY 1,.. Stockton You have a calm,
determined nature. Would make a good
trained nurse. It would be better for you
not to marry, as you would bo f ;l r hap
pier single. A small legacy at 35 aifis you
materially.
FRANK L.. Bloomfield— There is great
force in your slender band. You are
proud and aspiring, but have not had the
advantages of an education. You will
change your location this year and will
make money in mines. You will be as
sisted by a relative.
A. D. JONES. Healdsbur.tr— Yours is the
hand of venture and speculation. You
have not been successful in money mat
ters for the last three years, but next
Continued on Page Twenty-eight.
,\THE ATHLETIC SUMMER GIRL
IN HER OUTING
COSTUMES
f-__3HE athletic summer girl Is the
reaJ summer girl.
The airy fairy creature, she of
and furbelows, Is but the
H> athletic girl m masquerade. If
you doubt which is the genuine
Iden watch her when she must
the part. My lady athlete gleefully
"When Johnny Comes March
bui'kles on knapsack and
an. With yawn and sigh she
Into the makeup of Lady Vere de
idy athlete does not only look the
t— she acts it. Therefore her costume
"rom a practical point of view.
• me there need not be an
f clumsiness about her attire. *
• tii ate Beckwith looks very
"tsmanlike and fetching in her cos
the accompanying illustrations
• thi y are just exactly the things
n the occasions for which they
srned.
fishing costume is an ideal one. It
ace of comfort and has
picturesque beauty of the dress
[den of sunny Italy.
ft linen blouse is worn, fasten
back at throat and waist by means
I ir Is not low enough at the
• to allow of undue sunburn and yet j
t the agonizing starchy wall
present date props up the <
In in the way of a stock. This i
far more picturesque and j
• than the usual shirt waist,
the blouse is worn a little bolero ]
ft leather or undressed '
kin. with trappings of the same.
A short skirt, leggings, big straw hat, ■
tackle and brisket, and we have the j
f'shermaiden complete in a costume that
never a fish that swam the deeps could '
resist.
The summer bicycle girl is but a half- i
to the bloomer bicycle maiden of
is gone by. Bloomers are no longer i
wurii. not even for country riding.
In their stead we have the most ingeni- |
ova divided skirt that the brain of man
and the hand of woman ever created. The
S< ii the summer girl will be trip- |
ping along in all the glory of !
her freshly starched skirts, her
frills and ribbons, her curls and j
sailor hats.
We all like the summer
maiden. We can't help it. There is
something so sweetly feminine and
dainty about her, something so reminis
cent of the days agone, before the coming
of these advanced years of clubs and
mannish dress and golf tournaments had
metamorphosed the "young lady" of the
olden time into the up-to-date athletic
maiden.
The women of to-day "think" more and
have more "isms and asms and latter-day
plasms," but I doubt if they are half so
sweet and pretty. At any rate, 1 have
yet to meet any of those who were then
"courting gallants" i«ho will admit even
for a fleeting moment that there has ever
been fashioned anything quite so lovely
and delightful as the little sweethearts
of the olden times. Certain it is that the
girls of those days painted and laced
their corsets with the assistance of the
hr-rtpost, were pale and had all sorts of !
aches and pains, but haven't you heard
"grandma" tell how the girls of her day
counted their admirers upon the fingers
erf both hands— "yes, and upon the toes
of both feet, too," shaking her dear old
h^nd the while, with an ever-Increasing
conviction that there never would be any
thing to equal the girls and boys of her
day"?
Well, as I started out to say, it won't be
long now Wfore the summer girl will bo
at the summer resorts looking her very
i loveliest and wondering why it Is God
made such a great and glorious world and
then put so few men In it. And how many
«\-f you, I wonder, are putting In a supply
How She Let Him Order The Dinner.
YES." he said, "If there Is one thing I
pride myself upon it Is that I can or
di r a dinner— sort that you girls
like." /
"Oh, I'm sure you can. Mr. Willieboy!"
"Now, suppose we begin with some
blue points— small and deep, you know,
eh?" ,
"Er— yes— and do you know, they have
pome of the tiniest little clams— Just in
cute enough to eat."
"All right, we'll have some of those Lit
tle Necks. And how about some of this
French sole, with sliced lemon and
things?"
"Do you know that shad roe is lovely
that way? How odd you should choose
nil my favorites. I could Just live on
sliced lemon!"
"All right (writing), shad roe, and some
of these—"
"Stuffed cucumbers they are delicious
when they are ice cold— with mayon
naise."
"The filet Is good here— always."
"M- m— m— !"
"Hut perhaps you'd prefer—"
"Oh, not at all. I never eat—"
"Something else, then."
"Do you know, that reminds me of a
Wattle Joke. At the Dobleys' dinner the
JOther day some one asked 'Why is a filet
like the poor?' Do you give up?"
"Filet like the poor? Yes, that is one
on me."
"Because it is always with us! Ha— ha
—ha— ha!"
front gore has a double overlap.
On the wheel this is fastened back, and
lo! we have a divided skirt.
Off the wheel, presto change! we fasten
this over and we have an ordinary walk
ing skirt. This is accomplished by a Bet
of buttons down either side and a double
set of buttonholes.
The new sweaters are extremely sim
ple. The sweaters with baggy puff
sleeves and yoke effect are no long< r pop
ular. The jauntiest ladies' sweaters are
now made like a boy's sweater, save that
they fasten on the shoulder instead of
slipping over the head.
For very warm days a cotton waist In
stead of sweater is worn with the divided
skirt. "White duck cups are comfortable
and cool looking.
The same divided skirt is used for the
hunting costume of the modern Diana.
The prettiest material is a mixed goods
with brown shades predominating. Soft
tan high-top boots or brown leather leg
gings are worn.
The hunting coat is of brown linen and
built exactly after the pattern of a man's
hunting coat. A little brown linen cap
tucking in reckless curls goes to make of
this nymph of the woods a very sports
manlike person.
With three such costumes as these my
lady athlete is well prepared to coax a
"bite," make a "century" or "bag a
bird."
of good pure cosmetics before starting
out upon your summer campaign of heart
crushing? One might ;.-■ well be seated in
a tub in the middle of the Pacific '
as to bo at a summer n-s^t when
comes to purchasing powders and lotions
and creams and "sich lolke" toilei prep
arations. So take a goodly supply with
you, say T. else you will spend your weeks
of midsummer frolicking bemoaning all
sorts of complexion tribulations.
First of all. then, you must have a good
cold cream. Now th:'t strawberries are
in season, suppose you make some straw
berry cream. There really la nothing in
the "way of a cold cream to equal It. It
is one of the most delicate and healing
emollients known to cosmetic science and
will prove unsurpassed as an unguent to
be used for children hs well as d>r older
persons in place of the ordinary cold
cream.
Strawberry Cream,
Spermaceti, one-half ounce.
Retined white wax. one-half ounce.
Sweet almond oil, two and one-half
ounces.
Strawberry juice, three-fourths of an.
ounce.
Benzoin, throe drops.
Take large fresh berries. Wash and
drain thoroughly. Macerate and strain
the juice through a piece of muslin. Heat
the white wax. the spermaceti and the oil
of almonds. Remove from the tire and
add the strawberry juice very quickly.
Beat briskly with an egg-beater until
fluffy and Just as the mixture begins to
cool add the three drops of benzoin. Put
in Jars and keep in a cool place. Apply
every night. You will find this particu
larly good for sunburn.
Those of you over whose faces? a veil
of tan Is likely to drape itself when ex
posed to the rays of old Sol will do well
"Ha, ha, ha! How al>out lamb cutlets
on casserole, with truffles?"
"Or broiled, and served with jelly.
Really, Mr. Willleboy, they are dream-:"
"Very well— broiled, then. And— and,
you'll help me with the vegetables, won't
you?"
"Some asparagus— and potato souffle—
and peas?"
"Splendid! And a salad, of course! I
always hold that a dinner is Incomplete
without a salad."
"What is there?"
"Celery— tomato — lettuce— rnmaine—ps
carole cress — lobster — chicken — artichoke.
How would a nice, cold artichoke—"
"Oh, what a funny little basket the
waiter has— what is it. Mr. Willieboy?"
"Burgundy— you'll have just a glass,
won't you?"
"Oh, Mr. Willieboy! I can't drink red
wines; they are so dreadfully strong."
"Oh, well, then some sautcrne— or hock
—or — "
"Oh, anything that is sweet! I love to
pee It bubble in those long-stemmed
glasses; don't you?"
"Some champagne, perhaps?"
"If you like it, of course."
"Very well (writing); and then—some
suppose we try some cream — "
"Lovely! With strawberries—"
"And little cakes—"
"Perfect!"
"And eeffee?"
"Delightful! Do ynu know, Mr. Willie
boy, you can order dinner better than any
man I've ever met."— Life.
THE SAN FRAIS CISCO CAIX, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
HLPAOA ribbon scarfs for millinery
purposes, and also for the neck,
~~W with fine wnlte "silk stripes at the
• ■tlges, are to be seen in the shops.
Hemstitched collars of soft satin, with
pointed sides and a sailor's knot in front,
with hemstitched ends, are among the at
tractive neck fixings.
Some lovely printed chiffons in oriental
colorings and with new confetti spots and
small trarlands of flowers are being made
up Into waistcoat fronts, and they are
admirably suited for wearing with open
' ' 't and skirt costumes in the pale pastel
shades of cloth which are now so fash
ionable.
• * •
PLAY clothes are recognized needs
of children now. It no longer is
considered quite the thing to send
the small folk out to play in any
garments so long as they are soiled.
There may or may not be a reaction
this year against the fancy for real little
overalls, such as have been worn for two
summers, for girls. To meet a fresh de
mand, though the old may continue, linen
smocks— good, old-fashioned name— have
been brought out. They are one-piece
dn sses for very little tykes, with tfce
skirt gathered into a band and some sim
ple facing of a contrasting color. Then,
too, they come in white, without any
trimming, but fit for throwing into the
washtub.
Beauty Hints for the Summer Girl.
This department is for the benefit of all those who are interested in the science of cosmetics and the hy
giene oi proper living. If any on: desires information on either of these subjects the questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as many questions as you please and sign
any name that you choose. Address all communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francisco, Cal.
to have the following sedative lotion pre
pared. It will prevent the face from tan
ning to any great extent:
Distilled wlthhazel, three ounces.
Prepared cucumber juice, three ounces.
Rosewater, one and one-half ounces.
Ksspiiee of white rose, one and one-half
ounces.
Simple tincture of benzoin, one-half
ounce.
Rub this well into the akin with the fin
ger tips. When the cuticle ha* absorbed
it thoroughly apply a pure vegetable pow
der.
To annihilate freckles — I mean the kind
that stubbornly refuse to pick up their
duds, and depart under persistent minis
trations of pure lemon juice— try the fol
lowing:
For Freckiles,
Soak forty grains of whole gum traga.
canth in seven ounces 'it' rosewater for
two days. Beat until the lumps disap
pear and then add one-half ounce of gly
cerin, one-half ounne < f alcohol, one dram
of boracic acid and one-half dram of pul
verized alum. Dissolve these last two
ingredients in a little hot water and mix
with alcohol and glycerin before adding
to the Jelly. Perfume, and if too thick
thin with a little warm water.
All lotions and creams for the removal
of tan and freckles should be applied Im
mediately upon coming In after exposure
to the sun or wind and again at bedtime.
Aoswers to Corresporjder)ts. ■
ZOLA— Your first letter to me was an
swered In the Sunday Call of January 22.
You wrote about freckles, didn't you?
Am sorry, you missed It. A good blood
tonic and' nightly massage with the or
ango llower skin food will, I am sure,
soon put your complexion Into good
shape.
A. T. DESZIR— The following tonic Is
what you need to make the hair grow:
Forty-eight grains resorcin, one-half
ounce glycerin and alcohol enough to
fill a two-ounce bottle. Apply every night,
rubbing it well into the scalp.
OAKDALE— I cannot tell you of any
thing save a face bleach that will re
move the outer cuticle from the face.
As the active ingredient In all such
bleaches Is corrosive sublimate, the use
of which I consider risky in the extreme,
I prefer not to give any such formula.
Am sorry.
M. 1,. G., 341— There Is only one sure
way of reducing flesh, and that is by
denying yourself all fattening foods and
exercising a lot and regularly. Get
around and hustle as though something
would happen if you didn't. Get up early
every morning. Indulge in walks and
gymnastics every spare moment. Do not
eat butter In any form and the more
lemonade you drink the better. Avoid
all Btarchy foods, sweets and fats.
EMILY— I do not know that 1 have any
"'favorite" formula for cold cream. All
those given In this department are good
enough to eat and the following is one of
the iii'st: Spermaceti, one ounce, refined
while wax, one mined; oil of sweet al
monds, live ounces; rosewater, one and
three-fifths ounces; essence of cloves, five
drops. As this recipe will fill an eight
ounce jar, perhaps it would be as well to
Quite a novelty is the overall dress,
made from heavy linen crash, buttoning
at the back. Brown linen trousers and no
petticoats are worn with the overall
dress. Which should be the jolliest kind
of a little knockabout gown for the city
back yard and the country.
A dainty play dress for the house, a
pinafore, a French idea, Is made with low
neck and no sleeves at all. Any pretty
gingham or calico does for the slip, and
the trimminpr is the most simple white
hamburg edging, put on without a
pucker.
• • •
A summer traveling or yachting gown is
successfully composed of butcher blue
linen, with ecru linen guipure insertions.
By Mme. Hygeia.
try one-half the quantity at first.
JENNIE JUNE— The "hardest thing in
the world to contend with when trying
to put on flesh Is a fretting disposition.
It can make mort- angles and bones than
a diet of pickles, and goodness knows
that can reduce flesh by lightning-like
methods. Why do you worry? Don't do
It. Life is too short to waste time fret
ting and feeling badly about anything,
and you never will be able to fill out any
of .those lines and hollows until you dis
continue that very useless little habit.
What you need Is nourishing food and
plenty of hearty encouragement. Eat
wholesome, fattening foods. Drink lots
of water and plenty of milk; exercise
moderately but regularly, and sleep as
much as possible. Then massage those
ugly little lines with orange flower skin
food. There will b© a special Beauty
Talk on massage soon, with illustrations
showing the proper movements for erad
icating wrinkles. Watch out for it. Try
the following hair tonic: Four ounces
eau de cologne; one-half ounce tincture
cantharides; one-fourth dram each of
oil of lavender and oil of rosemary. Ap
ply to the roots once or twice a day,
using a small sponge or bit of absorbent
cotton for the purpose. Shampoo once a
week while using this tonic. Also keep
the ends of the hair clipped or shingled.
A COUNTRY GIRL— The electric needle
is the only permanent cure for superflu
ous hair. Of course this is only practi
cable in the case of the coarse scattered
hairs. The soft downy growth that Is to
be seen on nearly every one's face is best
left severely alone.
OLIVE W.— I T se the hair tonic suggest
ed in the foregoing reply to Jennie June.
It will Inspire your hair to more ambi
tious efforts, I am sure, and will not in
the least darken it. I have several times
lately given directions for staining the
eyebrows with a decoction of walnut
bark. Surely you have seen and profited.
However, it is wiser not to use a dye of
any kind on the lashes, as it is very liable
to get into the eyes. Liquid face powders
are seldom used these days, and I would
advise you to get your complexion into
such a state of perfection that it will ac
cept the dry powder, which is vastly
less harmful, as nearly all the liquid
preparations contain bismuth or lead.
Fifteen grains of borax added to one
ounce of lemon juice, if applied to those
little "sun kisses," will, I think, scare
them away.
INQUIRER— T T so , the hair tonic sug
gested in foregomg reply to A. T.
Deszir.
MAE G.-An eruption of the skin is a
sure sign of a disordered digestion. Some
part of the physical machinery is in an
upset condition, and bad, impure blood is
the result. Then the skin is sure to be.
made unsightly. The first thing to do is
to make a firm resolution as to regular
exercise and the daily sponge bath. Then
eat neither rich nor greasy food, and do
all that is necessary to make the blood
rich and pure. It is wise at the same time
to bathe the little eruptions with some
harmless healing lotion. Listerine in
three times as much boiled water is very
soothing. After using this for a few days
apply eau de cologne in which is a pinch
The sailor blouse bodice has a soft tucked
plastron of rose pisk lawn, and a white i
lawn cravat, and the belt is of white
leather with a steel harness buckle.
* • • '
LACE or dotted net sashes are new
and Just the thing for the girl
graduate to wear with her simple
white gown. These are quite wide
and slip through— but do not tie— a long
sold or silver slide at the back. Slides of
a similar style are also used on the rib
bon belt, these being put on at the back,
the ribbon coming from the front and
sllrplng through and hanging down in
long ends. There Is a clasp that fastens
down and holds the ribbon securely, but
it does not muss or injure the silk.
of borax. These two washes act together
very nicely. Eat plenty of fruit, particu
larly oranges, figs and grapes when in
i-easan. For tne excessive perspiration
dissolve some boracic acid in hot water
and wixh it bathe the armpits. After dry
ing carefully dust with a powder made of
one! part boracic acid, two parts C,t pre
cipitated chalk and seven parts of pow
dered talcum. Soak the brittle nails in a
little warm olive oil.
J. C. X. — In massaging the face see to
it first that the skin is thoroughly clean.
Then apply a good emollient like the or
ange flower skin food. Rub this into the
skin with a circular movement, using the
first two fingers of either hand. Take the
noae as the central point and let the rub
bing be out and away from this feature.
Rub transversely to all wrinkles. I am
not at all sure of the prepared cream you
mention, and think it much wiser to make
your own cold cream, the ingredients of
which you then know to be puro and
harmless.
MRS. ('. M. \V. — Massage the lines under
the eyes with the orange flower skin food.
Try the haJr tonic suggested to Jennie J.
June.
A. THIEL— I think your trouble eomep
from poor circulation. Exercise in the
open air as much as possible and pat
plenty of good nourishing food. Then
scrub the arms and back briskly with a
fairly stiff flesh brush and follow the
scrubbing with an application of olive oil.
rubbing it well Into the skin. A little
starch thrown into the water In which
one bathes will sometimes whiten the
fkin. "Why not make yourself some bath
bugs? A very good and simple bath bag
is made by combining equal parts of pow
dered castile soap, almond meal and pow
dered orris root. Put into small cheese
cloth bags and use in the bath in place
of soap.
LITTLE NELL— A druggist can tell you
better than I just how much the cold
cream will cost. I can tell yon of noth
ing better than lemon juice, which you
you have been using, to keep the skin
white. Tt will not hurt your skin if you
do not use it too strung and if you follow
with a smearing of good cold cream.
Taraxacum is used to cleanse the system
of bile or impurities secreted by the liver.
The ordinary dose is a three-grain pill,
whtch is taken twice a day as long as the
system sterns to require it.
WILHELMTNA— Kerosene will make
the hair grow, but there are so many
hair tonics more agreeable to use that I
certainly should prefer one of them. Any
of those given in this department will do
the work just as well and will not make
one an object of avoidance to one's
friends during the process.
MRS. M. E. G.— l did not know if you
would care to have me use your whole
name, so have used just your initials.
The lotion you mention is sometimes used
for the obliteration of scars, but I scarce
ly thing that it would prove effectual in
removing smallpox pits. Massage with
warm olive oil. if continued for a long
time, may help; but T fear there is noth.
ing that will positively do away with
them.
SARAH B.— The resorcin hair tonic
fiven in reply to A. T. Deszir will
am sure help you. Loosen the hair and
give it a sun bath as often as possible
end see to it that the ends are kept
trimmed. No, I am quite positive that
powder had nothing whatever to do with
the downy growth on your face. I think
you can use the following cold cream
with perfect safety: ReJined white wax.
Vs ounce; spermaceti, I 1 * ounces; sweet
almond oil, IVi ounces; rosewater, %
ounce; attar of roses. 1 drop. Be sure
that your druggist weighs the white wax
carefully, for too much of this ingredient
will make your cream crumbly. Also be
sure that you get the real almond oil and
not a cheap imitation, which is injurious
to the. skin. You can use this on the
hands also, although the lotion formula
for whirh was given in reply to Darietta
last Sunday is the loveliest preparation in
the world for the hands. A perfectly pure
and very excellent face powder is made
Spom the following ingredients: 2M> ounces
fit talcum; 2\- 2 ounces of rice flour; H
ounces of the best zinc oxide and 1 drop
each of oils of bergamot, ylang-ylung and
n^,J- Bett «" r 'ft your druggist prepare
this for you. as the mixing of face pow-der
is an exceedingly difficult job.
ADELB BELLE DEANE-You will
have found your question about the su
perfluous hair answered in last Sund'av
correspondence. If you use the peroxide
and ammonia, which should be applied
each night alternately, you can purchase
it in any quantity. Ten cents' worth of
each will be enough to begin with If
you decide to try the electric needle send
me a stamped addressed envelope and I
will send you the address of a good opera-
DORI DA-Your druggist was alto
gether wrong. He should have given you
the simple tincture of benzoin The
compound tincture contains aloes and is
Injurious to the skin. A few drops of the
benzoin in the -water in which you rinse
Famous Cases of Love at First Sight
0 >.'!■: is nlways afraid that when a
man falls suddenly in love he may
fall out of it equally quickly, but
among celebrated men of the cen
tury who have fallen in love
at first sight and married hap
pily are Garibaldi and Bismarck.
In Garibaldi's autobiography the story
of his love is told. He relates how. feel
ing the need of some one who would love
him, and believing women to be "the most
perfect beings," he determined to seek
a wife for himself. He was then pacing
the deck of the Itanarica, and he chanced
to look upon the houses of the Barra, a
little hill at the entrance of the Laguna
of St. Catherine, in Brazil. With the aid
of a glass which he carried he saw a
young girl, and he ordered the men tn
put him ashore. On landing he tried to
find the house which he mid seen from
the ship, but failed, and. meeting an ac
quaintance, he accepted an invitation to
take toffee at his house.
"On entering the house," says Gari
baldi, "the first person on whom my gazo
fell was the one who had caused my com
ing ashore. It was Anita, the mother of.
my children. We both remained in an ec
static silence, gazing at each other like
two persons who do not meet for the first
time and who seek in each other's linea
ments something which shall revive re
membrance. At last I saluted her, and
I said. 'You must be mine.' I spoke but
little Portuguese, and I said these auda
cious words in Italian. However, I
POSES
By Charlotte Beckwith.
PHOTOS
By Thors.
BICYCLE DRESS,
Newman & Levmson.
HUNTING DRESSES,
Shreve.
your face is an excellent tonic for the
skin. The orange flower skin food to
gether with careful dieting: and daily te
pid baths will soon coax that complexion
of yours into better shape. It is very un
wise to cut the little hairs that grow in
the center of the mole. Each time they
are cut they will grow in coarser and
stiffer. A pood dermatologist can re
move the mole and the hairs with very
little difficulty. She will dip a wooden
toothpick !n acetic acid, touch the center
of the mole with it. making one appli
cation each night for three nights. Then
she will let it alone. A scab will form,
: which in the course of a couple of weeks
will drop off. taking the mole with it.
The hairs, however, will remain and
must be removed by the electric needle.
'I'll*- latter operation is not as painful na
it is nerve-trying. If you use the acetic
acid yourself be sure not to get any of it
on the surrounding white skin, else a
! scar will result. A lunar caustic pencil
! will remove the wart. Touch the center
of the wart lightly with the pencil once
a day. It will turn black and gradually
disappear. As in the case of the acid, be
careful not to get the caustic on any
other part of the skin. A good cold cream
and a pure powder will not injure the
j complexion. On the contrary, they will
help preserve it. You will find formula*
for both in to-day's correspondence. If
you will shampoo your hair with the yolk
| of «gg, to which a pinch of borax "has
been added, it will bring out the golden
tints. Merely beat up the yolks of two
eggs, add the borax and shake up in a
bottle containing a pint of warm water.
Pour on to the head and rub thoroughly
into the scalp and through the hair
strands, just as you would any shampoo.
i Then rinse in several clear waters. It la
! not necessary to use soap in connection
I with this shampoo.
seemed to have pome magnetic power In
my insolence. I had tied a knot which
death only could break."
Bismarck's courtship was equally brief.
Bismarck met and lost his heart to
Fraulein yon Puttkammer at a wed
ding-, and thereupon wrote to her parents
and boldly demanded her. As at this time
he was a wild youth, whose pranks were
the talk of the country. It is not surpris
ing- that the young lady's father should
say, "It was sis if some one had struck
me on the head with a heavy ax." How
ever. Bismarck's love being evidently re
turned, the lady's parents invited him to
visit them that they might know some
thing more about him than report told
them.
At the time of his arrival the parents
were ready to greet the guest with proper
solemnity, and their daughter stood by
with downcast eyes. Bismarck rode up,
threw his arms around his sweetheart's
neck and kissed her before any one had
time to protest. The result was a formal
betrothal.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
£SjKffisfiS^UMLß Is removed by DR. and MR3.
BSnEkj^Sß A - w - TRAVERSE. Donohos
RSoJs^FSSa building, 1170 Market St.. cor.
SK ; ■3SSr"/2^Rj Taylor, rooms 18-28, with ■ th»
jaLj-gjasps "OH electric needle, without pain or
Eeks^»<?Ti2 scar - Moles, '.varts, wrinkle*.
roTfjy "**2^Hh blackheads, freckles, blrth-
p\\^P . . ~"~MH| marks, etc.. also removed. Per-
KjaKjjjggiij^H manoncy guaxanU>«<L Hours. *
2728
SCAR FACE IN THE FOX HUNT
' - Brer Rabbit tuits
Part. VII :
Copyrighted, 1899, by Jorl Chandler Harris.
IF the children were not willing to Bay that Mr. Bobs was a smarter
man than Aaron, they wen-, at any rate, willing to admit that he
had given th^m something to talk about. Drusilla, however, refused
mil that there was any merit in that.
"El <:at ol" white man'll gV me sumpin' dat'll wipe all dat out n
my mm' an' make me fergit 'bout him an' his bubble, I'll say any-
I ■ de smartest man in de wort', but whar'is dey any smartness
.■. oufn <if'r growth? Ez I is now, dcs so you'll see mo
phen Jin seventy year ol\ Ef glttin 1 skeer'd will stunt folks, den I'm
.. an' stunted bad."
"Maybe we were dreaming," Sweetest Susan suggested when Dru
; .ark.
•'l>r..im nothin'," Drusilla retorted. "How kin folks stan' flat-footed
.. daylight, an' have 'zactly de fame dream? Nobody
creetur like dat, in no dr. ■am, kaze ef dey did, folks ud'
an 1 hire someb< dy fer ter keep urn 'wake. You all do mighty
Wuz you mm skeered tor lock at de creetur? Here's what 'uz
: You rail dat tlroamin', does you?"
truth is, the wh< le affair had boon so unusual, so unexpected and
i;i Sweetest Susan's mind, as woll as in P.ns
waking dream. But Drusilla had soen what she
her own expression, sho had looked at it mighty
John and E I S isan were very shy in telling their i \
• ■ - , en laughed at on other
... t,. -uh.it they had s^-en in the country
that fact made them somewhat doubtful ami
.a !iu- i:>Rm,s an audience ready I
: ■ matter how wonderful. Words were unable i>>
minds .i real comprehension of what Drusilla had seen,
. awful, and from that time forward
,l ; ,ii ti-..- . around regarded Mr. Bobs and his
. practice. In a way ;!.is notoriety helped Mr.
■ i to work for him when requested. .But no
. • night. This, however, did not grieve
i n N usually marked by very fair weather, the
and the afternoons warm and balmy enough
king birds to sing. Tin- December following Sherman's
.> : no • v. ■• ption, and ac the holiday season drew
n hoard hints to the effect that BOrne
. indfather*s kinsmen and friends intended to assemble at the
Vbercrombi rid indulge In an old-fashioned fox hunt. It might
ught thai all the able-bodied men cf the region were fighting, but
ting that it sweeps everybody into tho ranks, and
..■!-.- many mi n exempted from conscription either by their occupa
• ■ • age.
The news of the fox hunt was not particularly interesting to Sweetest
A DISSERTATION ON COOKING.
"Oh here's a nasty little black thing in my appl» pi^!"
"You are a little "silly baby. That's a clove, and cook puts it in on. pur
pose "
"What for?"
"What for? Whv-er-to-er-to keep the moths out, of course.
WHY SOME WOMEN
Like to Play
WHIST.
1 NEVER knew why they made that
rule aboul "talking across the table"
in whist until the other day.
The little lady invited three of her
female frlendß to play whist and take
:■ with us. I did not see the game,
I heard it. This is a fairly correct
ption of the game:
"Whose deal is It?"
"What's trumps?"
"Diamonds? Why, I thought hearts
wns!"
it my lead?"
"Thai's my trick."
"Take that if you can, for I haven't
anything higher than a ten."
"I hate to play such a hand as this— only
four trumps, and no suit to speak of, only
• or two."
"Why. you trumped spades the last
time round!"
"Have you heard about Mrs, Trlpp's
Fister?"
"Awful, isn't it?"
"The way that woman dresses makes
me sick."
"What Is trumps, anyway? Diamonds?
me, I have been throwing them
away and saving my rlubs."
"Yes. Bhe'll know better than to quar
rel with me again."
"Thinks she's awfully big because her
husband was elected Town Clerk. Pooh.
My husband wouldn't have such an
office."
"Who got the odd?"
"We did."
"Why. no; that couldn't be. We took
nin>' t ricks."
ZPaimJstry; Read Your Hand
Continued From Page Twenty-six.
pear will be better in every respect. You
will not marry.
VIOLA METCALF, San Jose—You will
minlsi f wife and in mid
dle life will have a work for humanity in
the liii' of r< form. Xou i-.t> n great mor
alist, strict religionist and radical re-
CHARLES H.. Pino]o—You must be
more cautious. The lines all show an
.' ath by accident. You are far too
ess. You have had an eventful life.
travel In the past
JUL.ES l>.. San Jos» —Your palm is that
Lentlst. You have too much interest
in the oppoßlte sex for your own good.
You have not enough concern for the
future; are too extravagant
CHARLEB BROWN, San Mnteo—Your
hand Indicates that you have experienced
accident; it was at 26. You in
herited a small sum of money upon the
of a relative. You havo been mar
rled twice.
LULU <;.. San Rafael—Thi? is the hand
irtune. Twice large sums of
money came into your life —once at 25 and
again at ?.$.. You will mary well. Much
travel; no children.
JOE G., Chlco—This is the hand of in-
"Whose deal is it?"
"Pshaw: I think you might have cut me
something highrr than n queen."
"Have you h>ard about "
(Dense silence for four minutes.)
Chorus of "Ohs" and "You don't saj
so'?."
"It is my turn."
And so it went on.
Both sides claimed the victory, and the>
were equally elated at their success
; Moreover, they all declared they had a de
lightful time.
Nu wonder women like to play whist.
The JVlighty frigate.
There's lieutenants an' a captain fer a
company well run.
An' a major to attend the wants o f each
battal-lion;
Then there's colonels an' there's ginerals
fp' warious degree.
But the private's most important, es fur
es I kin see.
Asked the captain for a furlough;
Sed the major must decide.
Major sent me to the colonel;
Colonel sed 'is hands wuz tied.
Thought the brigadier might fix it— .
Went to 'to; he made me sore —
Frowned an' sod I'd better see the
Major glneral o' the corps.
End it all, I got no furlough.
Major gineral, smilin' blan',
Sed he couldn't think o' partin'
With a single soldier man;
Needed all he had fer llghtin';
Sed the bloomin' nation banks
On the paterotic soldier
Who's a-nghtin' in ther ranks!
There's llputonants an* there's captains
and there's majors and there's more,
Mniri and impulse, not governed by roa-
Bon. All your trouble has come through
your own profligacy. You will not attain
to a pood old age; you are too dissipated.
E1. 1. A MURRAY, GHlroy— This is the
hand of fancy and caprice. You arc self
ish and impose upon others, who do noi
view you at all times in a charitable light.
YOU have had one love affair that has
embittered your life. Yon are a school
teacher, though not a patient one.
MRS. C, Petaluma— You are charming
and affable, but inclined to gossin and put
every one in a pour light. You lack .■•lf
■ control and though married do not seem
to conduct yourself in a dijrnilird manner".
A flirtation, or rather an infatuation, has
caused you sorrow of late.
JANE S., Oakland— This is the hand of
;an invalid, rendered so by unfortunate,
. unhappy circumstances in girlhood. You
have never married because; of this great
disappointment. A legacy is Indicated in
your sixtieth year.
ISABEL BAXTER. Petaluma— Yours is
1 a dreamy nature, given to periods of in
| tense gloom, iou have a suicidal ten-
I dency and should endeavor to divert your
! mind from your own petty trials. You
< will always be provided for.
ROSCOE SMITH, Fruitvale— This Is the
hand of a business man; economical, but
not pernlcloup. You have had serious do
mestic difficulties for the last two years.
MOLLIE G..-You have wasted your af
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
Susan, but Buster John was stirred hy It. Hr> wondered why !t was that
lie should be too young to go fox hunting, and the more he thought about
it the stronger grew the conviction that youth is a hardship invented
to punish children. His views in that respect underwent a great change
tome years later, but at that particular time he was quite sure that
youth was something that h?d to be endured only because there was no
ht-lp for it. His mind was full of fox hunt, and he sought information
on that matter wherever it was to be found. Old Fountain was an au
thority on the subject, so Bustor John was told, and the youngster lost
no time in questioning the negro.
"Uncle Fountain." he said on the first occasion that presented it
self, "they say there s going to be a big fox hunt here Christmas week."
"I hear urn sesso," replied Fountain. "Well, let urn hunt ef dey will:
1 done had my day at dat. I speck. Dey use ter hunt fum here a right
smart; an' when dey got in de notion, nobody couldn't do nothin' fer urn
Diit Fountain. 'Twaz 'Fountain' here and 'Fountain' dar, twel some er
de rjuality, new ter de place, would up an' ax ef all de niggers on de
plantation is name Fountain. Yes— yes, suh— l see myse'f now havin'
de mammock made fer da- dogs, cornmeal stewed thick, wid a han'ful
er craeklins flung in; an' den nex" mornin', fo' de day, de cry would
ho f<>r Fountain; an' nothin' tnus' do but Fountain mus' straddle a mule—
jl" Puss, de paoin' mule — an' go 'long wid urn. I had lim's in dem days,
an' lungs, ef you'll believe me. Yes— yes, suh — I wuz soople fum de word
go— work ail day an' frolic all night."
"Dats so," said Uig Sal, lifting her sad face and looking at the chil
dren.
"I 'member one time." Fountain continued, "dat I went 'long fer ter
look attcr de little Mirster " he paused and began to pick at a
patched place on his knee, and Big Sal drew a long breath. "Now, dar
muz a chap for you!" he exclaimed enthusiastically. "Dey say he died
kaze he wuz puny; but don't you b'lieve it; he died kaze his heart an'
his head wuz too 'big. Dey tucK in all dat he yever seed, er heard, er
dre'mpt 'bout. No human bein' could go throo life wid dat kinder head an'
heart : It's agin' naturV'
"Dats do Lord's- truf.' cried Big Sal.
The children knew, of course, that the reference was to little Crochet,
(1. :ul long ago, and so they sat silent and thoughtful.
"Yea vt s, suh— l 'member de time dc-s ez well es ef 'twuz yistiddy,
maybe better. Wo put out. wo did, 'bout light, an' fo' wo went a mile up
jumped a gray — de reds hadn't enmo. in den — an' here doy had it 'roun'
an' 'roun' same rz chasm' a rabbit. I wuz ter take keer er de little
Marster, but bless yo' soul! he ain't gi' me time ter do dat. I allers
shill b'lieve dat him an' dat gray pony had some deep pardncrship wid
one anudder, bokazo ef it hadn't been fer dat do little Marster would 'a'
been druir out de saddle whilst dey runnin' thro' de scrub pines an' de
black iaeks. Dey went skoetin' here an' dar, an' when de dogs ketched
dar wuz little Marster an' de pony right in 'mongst urn. Hit's so, ez sho
ez I'm a-settln' here."
Fountain paused and sighed, then he went on: "I speck my blood'll be
het up of I hear de horn a-blowin' an' de dogs a-yelpin", but I'm lots too.
old fer dem kinder doin's. Let urn call on Johnny Banter. He may not
1)0 so mighty knowin'. but he's young and soople. J?ut in times now
gone, mo' speshually when de reds come in an' drlv' de grays out, I
know'd de feedin' groun' an' de promenade of all de foxes fum here ter do
latest Jo^es of tfye J-iumorists
Such as colonels and the minerals and the
staff men by the score.
An' they dress in regimentals, a-com
mandin' you an' me;
But the private's most important, es fur
es I kin see.
—Philadelphia North American.
■ ♦ .
An Object to Live for."
tt'earv Watkins— l've found somethin'
to live for at last.
Hungry Higprins— Woman?
"Ah, naw. Dis late cold snap has made
me see the necessity of agitatin' for
stoves in the patrol wagons. —Indianap
olis Journal.
«♦ ■ !
Jeames' Lament.
The masses think I only stand
Behind the Gov'nor's chair,
Or drive with Missis when she takes
The morning's parky air;
They thin,k I nev an easy life
In Fashion's sumptuous scene.
And that, like Kitchener, I'm half
An automat machine.
They little think', the thoughtless
rrowd.
My brain I taev to fwoat,
And store my mind with all the works
' if fellows like Debrett;
They little think, the Hoy Polloy,
Ah how it is my hlz
To recognize the Peerage by
Each individual phiz.
I sometimes wish I"d never took
To purple and to plush.
And that I'd never moved with Dooks
And Earls in fashion's crush;
I might hey been a pastoral
In some bucolic spot, .
Lndy (to servant whom she Is about to engage)— And do you understand how
to take rare of a bicycle and keep it clean?
Servant— No. ma'am, but T can give you the address of the place where I get
mine cleaned.— Unsere Gescllschaft.
. fections upon an unworthy object, and
I have not made the most of your life.
Poverty has added to your depression.
; You will have better luck In the future.
.MISS SOAP SUDS— You are utterly
! lacking In good, sound sense. You are
swayed absolutely by your (motions, often
yielding to unfavorable influences. You
j will not marry until after 30.
BESSIE 8., Sonoma— O^bis is a pleasure
j loving hand, sentimental and inclined to
(bo frivolous. You lack determination, and
| will never amount to much. You will
marry at 22. '
GEORGE L., Palo Alto— You have the
hand of a praetir.il student. Your health
will ho poor between 23 and 24. but you
will rise in your chosen vocation.
W. R. X., Santa Rosa- This is the hand
| of a hard-working, honest citizen, ener
i getic and tireless. You have married
i happily and have two children. You will
I have better financial returns this year.
ROSE S., "Woodland— You have a weak
constitution; cannot endure labor of any
kind. You have some artistic talent and
would do well to cultivate it.
MOONLIGHT, No. 47— You have a frank,
honest nature, thoroughly reliable. You
married early and made a poor choice.
You will not mary again. You will lead
a quiet, uneventful life.
FRED BENSON, San Jose— An accident
in early life has interfered with your
career. You will yet make a success of:
life in a literary calling. You will never
marry, but will make many charming ac
quaintances.
JEAN BURGES. Los Gatog— lf you
would exercise more self-control you
could make more of your life. You have
allowed your love of liquor to wreck
your domestic happiness.
EFFIE S.— You have some dramatic
talent, but lack will power to apply your
. By '^'^i&I
JpEL.
ftaIMUS.-
And died among the daffydills
Forgitting and forgot.
But Fate has wove me in her web
With strawb'ry leaves; she sets
My feet in coats of arms, she chains
My hands to coronets;
And while these calves j retain their
shape.
And while this bosom throbs.
My soul must bear with calm song
frard
The envy of the snobs.
—Gentlewoman.
■ ♦ ■
She's /U: letic, But —
She can swing 1 a six-pound dumbbell,
She can fence and she can box.
She can row upon the river.
She can clamber 'mong the rocks.
She can do some heavy bowling.
And play tennis all day long;
But she cannot help her mother,
'Cause she isn't very strong.
First Deaf Mute (.on his fingers)— Too
bad about Walker losing one of his
fingers.
Second Deaf Mute— (ditto)— Yes; It
causes quite an Impediment in his speech.
—Ohio State Journal.
An Insulting Programme.
A lady's maid, who had been to a ser
vants' ball, came hark before the even
ing was half over, and in tears.
ll er mistress inquired the cause. "I was
grossly insulted, ma'am, by a young
man."
"Well, what did he do?"
"Well, ma'am, he asked mp to go down
to supper with him. and when we had fin-
MODERN.
pelf to study. You will marry early and
well.
FLORA S.. Cloverdair— Your life has
been a disappointment. You have a large
sympathetic heart and allow people to
impost; upon you. You will leave your
present abode and travel for a year, when
you will settle down and marry.
FRED 1,.. Sebastopol— This is the hand
of an honest farmer, with high aspira
tions. You will study law and succeed in
your practice. You will marry a woman
older than yourself. No children.
BSTBLLA S.— Great, musical ability
in shown in your hand and you will at
tain success from it. On the stage you
will do well, but your life will be always
artificial. The planetary influences un
der which you were born are good, and
you will have things your own way. Of
people and things yon tiro, but your life
will be merry. Your memory is retentive
and you will be much sought after, as
you are inventive, congenial and fond of
amusement. You will be married twice.
ERNEST S.— ln Mite of approach
ing sickness and danger you will escape
death and live long to comfort and help
your parents. You will mnke a splendid
athlete and are of a cheerful and pleas
ant disposition, though at times obsti
nate. In money matters you are apt to
be careless. "Will have to wear eye
glasses whon young, and your future
success depends upon your early training.
ALBERT C, Woodland— Yours is the
hand of culture and refinement. You have
had poor financial success so far. owing
to your lack of self-assurance. Your mar
riage to a masterful woman was not con
ducive to happiness. You made a great
blunder in speculation at 33.
MRS. Y. A. McM.— Varied your life will
be, but your reasoning power Is splendid
and will aid you greatly, but your heart
at times governs you, not wisely. Learn
river— ev'ry one un urn. An' mo' dan dat, I know whar one ol* red stays
right now. He's ez big ez a cur dog. Folks tried de'r level bes' fer tor
ketch dat ol' fox 'fo' de war. Dey brung dogs here frum away off yan ,
but he dcs played wid urn. He kin tell a noun' fum a house dog by de
bark, an" time he hear one atter midnight ho done gone— he done up an
gone. He got a white patch 'twixt his eyes, 'an on 'count er dat dey call
'im Scour-Face."
"Scar-Face." Buster John corrected. "Why, he's the fox they are
going to catch." „„ „
Fountain laughed softly. "Oh, dey er gwine ter ketch 'im? Well, atter
he's cotch. I hope dey'll show im ter me. Scour-Face, er Scyar-Face, I
wantor see what dat white mark is 'twlxt his eyes."
"They are going to bring Birdsong dogs," explained Buster John.
"Well, dey'll hatter sing bird song er some yuther kinder song, fore
dey kotrh dat fox."
"Besides all the other dogs, Joe Maxwell is to bring Hoodoo," remarked
Buster John.
"T hear tell er dat dog," replied Fountain. "Dey say he sho is a
mover. But. shucks! you kin hear dat kinder talk 'bout mos' any dog.
But dish yer Hoodoo got ter have brains ez well as legs ef he ketch ol'
Scour-Fnce. I am tnlkin' now, sho."
"Whero does old Scar-Face fctay, Uncle Fountain?" asked Buster
John.
"You know dat ar broom-sage flel 1 right up yan. cross de road fum de
gin house? Well, he stay right dar. Ef you wuz ter go out er door dar
an' holler right loud, ho'h hear you, less'n he's promenadin' some'rs else.
He been dar dls long time. Dey don't a week pass but what I sees him
slippin' an' slidfn' 'long. He moves dcs like a shadder; once an' awhile
he'll stop an" look at you, but mos' er de time it's fwiff! an" he done gone.
He got sense .same oz folks."
Buster John asked Fountain a great many questions about Scar-Face,
•with the result that he made up his mind to see the fox himself. His
curiosity affected Sweetest Susan, and she expressed a desire to see old
Scar-Face. As for Drusllla, she didn't care one way or the other. So
long as there was no bubble and no live nightmares around she was
satisfied— at least, she was not contentious; though she predicted now,
as she had been doing all day long, that thp children would "keep on
foolin' 'roun an' gwine whar dey got no business tell some kind er creetur
would snap urn up an 1 walk off wid urn."
It was an easy matter for Buster John and Sweetest Susan to say
they would like to siP old Scar-Face, the red fox, but how to see him
was a very different matter. They might walk through the "broom-sage"
every day for a week, or a month, or a year, and never see him; they
miglit sit in the fence corner and peep between the rails from sunup till
sundown and never catch a glimpse of him. Old Scar-Face would see
them. Oh, yes; no doubt about that. It waa his business to see without
being seen. ' He began to learn that trade when he wasn't bigger than
Buster John's two fists, and by constant practice he had developed it
Into a fine art. Tho shyest and wariest birds could light within an inch
of his nose and never "see him: could light there, but they never flew
away any more. Old Molly Cottontail, all eyes and ears, could sit in her
cozy home and never know that old Scar-Face was in the neighborhood
until she felt his cruel teeth. And even the wood rat, whose keen eyes
fairly glistened with cunning, hardly dared to shake a straw in all that
field "for fear of being pounced upon.
Well, then, how could the children hope to catch a glimpse of this
wild and cunning creature? Aaron was the one to solve the problem
for them, and to Aaron they went. He tamed the White Pig for them,
and had made thorn familiar with the Black Stallion— that fierce creature
whose neigh was sufficient to stampede the whole plantation. If Aaron
could do these things he could also bring them to old Scar-Face, the red
fox. So to Aaron they went, with many explanations and pleadings.
Mention of the old fox caused Aaron to reflect a little over the past. Ho
had known old Scar-Face when a "puppy." a statement that caused the
children to lauerh.
There is war between the reds and grays, as the Son of Ben All ex
plained—a war that began many years ago over some family matter.
Fox to fox, the reds can whip the grays, and this fact has become so well
established that the grays always get out of the way when they can. It
happened one day when Scar-Face was a "puppy," as Aaron said, with
big legs and a very wobbly body, he met a big gray in the woods.
Some instinct or other caused the red to rush at the gray, and that was
the cause of the red's scar. The gray would have run away if he could,
but Scar-Face caught him by the flank and held on like a bull-terrier,
while the gray, frightened and hurt, gnawed away on Scar-Face's head
■until the top of it was bare of hide and hair.
It was then that the Son of Ben All charced to pass, and the gray,
with a scream of fear, tore away, leaving some of his pelt between Scar-
Face's teeth. After some trouble Aaron explained to the red that he
*hed he said, 'Is your programme full?' "
-London Chronicle.
. ♦ .
Dewey Were Y\\s Name.
He come an' raised his flag aboard the
ship.
An' . mentioned how that Dewey were
his name.
He didn't have no great amount o' lip,
But wot he said he meant It, jist the
same.
He put us thro' maneuvers short an' long,
An' kep' us at sub-caliber, betweens.
Until we come to anchor at Hongkong,
An' got our orders for the Philippines.
Then this 'ere Dewey struck a pow'ful
: • gait.
An' mentioned how that 6omethin' had
. i ■. tor drop; . ' ■
He kep' the colliers workin' soon an' late,
An' every blessed' Jackie on the hop;
An" w'en 'c got 'is bunkers chock-a-block,
W'y, then he up an' filled his magazines,
An' tol' 'em w'en they asked him wot's
. o'clock,
"A little gam© of Spanish Philippines!"
So on we went a-creepin' thro' the night,
Not knowln' whereabout that we was
at; ■ r • ■ •
With every barker stripped In trim for
fight
An' every blessed Jackie standln' pat.
An' w'en the mornin' broke, w'y, there
we lay,
Lined up, each crew a-standin' to its
gun.
Right in the middle o' Manila Bay-
Old Glory. gleamin' pretty in the sun.
There- weren't no time ter talk about it
then.
For Spain cut loose her iron in a
shower.
An' powder monkeys turned to fightin'
men.
An' fightin' men to devils, in an hour.
'Twere just one awful crashin', tearin'
roar,
That seemed like it were bustin' o' yer
brain,
Along with shrieks of Yankee shells that
bnre
A message labeled, "Don't forget the
Maine!"
Lor' bless us, hut it wore a proper Bight,
Them ships an' forts a-spittin' shot an'
shell.
An" Dewey. lookin' pleasant and perlite,
Requostin' from the bridge to "give 'em
helL"
An' w'en we gits the order to retire.
An' waits until the smudge has blowed
away.
Their ships as wasn't sinkin* was afire.
An' Uncle Sam were master of the bay.
So, mates, these words is all I've got to
say;
I says 'em, an' I means 'em. every one.
They ain't no other man alive to-day
Would tried to do wot Dewey tried an'
done;
We knows it, us as sweat behind his
guns; • ; .
They knows It, them as writes the scroll
of fame.
An* w'en they tells o' heroes to our sons,
W'y, mates, they'll head the list with
Dewey's name. .'
_ —Manila Times.
"Isn't it terrible to think of, darling,
that when you marry Lord Reginald you
must become a British subject?"
"Oh! I shan't mind. You know we were
all English before we became Ameri
cans."
"Yes, dearest; and we were all mon
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOi
to accept the inevitable, for It is that
which rules your life. Sunny and bright
as your nature iP, you must cultivate
hope and patience, for in the next
twelve years you will have greater ad
vantages and progress rapidly. Your
friends will use you.
MISS D. SUTRO—Make up in impu
dence what you lack in ability and try to
overcome your nervousness. Your per
sonality is charming, and your thoughts
are very spiritual. At present you are
settled only for the time being, and you
will wander before settling down for good.
In spite of the disappointments in store
for you you will always be cheerful, and
when you attain wealth will be lavish
with it. On water you will be lucky and
through marriage very happy.
GEORGE M.—The future holds in store
for you a great many chances, and you
will acquire money and property. Noth
ing that you attain will come easily to
you; what you get you will have to
work for. Your reason and determina
tion are good, but you are rather of a
nervous temperament and enjoy reading
very much. Your journeys will be many,
some short and some long. The latter
part of your life will be the happiest and
you will have more control of your sur
roundings.
MRS. M. H., Stockton—Kindhearted,
hospitable and liberal in your views and
you would make a splendid housewife.
Of the ups and downs of life you will
have your full share and wealth will
never be yours. Your sympathy and far
sightedness will help you greatly; nurs
ing is your vocation. Death has been near
you and once again you are to suffer from
sickness. Happiness awaits you through
your home life.
MISS M. N., Bush street—Life for you
will be mixed with pleasure and sorrow.
Look out for losses in speculation and
was no enemy, having himself been a hunted animal at one time. He
"doctored" the torn head the best he could, but the wound left a maiK, a
bare place fringed with white hair. , , oc i,.j
Aaron was very much interested in the proposed fox hunt and i as Kea
many questions about it. Finally he promised the children that. II tnej^
would remind him of it the next afternoon, he would go with them to in m
sedge field and try to find old Scar-Face. He counted on his ilng-Ts ana
made out the age of the red to be nearly eight years and concluded tnai
if the dogs were good and swift they ought to be able to run nim down.
111 -lf l 'tw e afmc h '°remarked the Son of Ben Ali. "I'd find out the day the
dogs come, and then IM pack my wallet and take my walking stick ana
move Into the middle of the big swamp. But he won't do it. He aont use
the swamp; too much water, maybe, or maybe too much coon, in tn»
Tlu> next afternoon being clear and pleasant the children were trotting
to Aaron's heels a full' hour before he was ready to go. If he had to go
to the horse lot they trotted after him; if to the carriage house, Jt wi as
the same thing Occupied with bo many duties, he sometimes rorgot ma
half-ployful promises, and so when the youngsters were in earnest aDouc
iin\ thing, they had a habit of trotting at his heels until, in sheer sell
defense, he was compelled to carry out their wishes as far as no coum.
Toward the middle of the afternoon he announced himsell ready, and,
with Buster John and Sweetest Susan jumping and skipping at his side.
and Drusilla more soberly bringing up the rear, he went to the Held where
old Bcar-iraee was sain to nave nis nome. tseiore me muum »ü b v „««
it the field had been used as a pasture for the COWS, but it was now
pastured only in the early spring, when the tender shoots or the sedge
are putting out. This was why bars took the place of a gate, Jwo or
the bars were, already down, and It was an easy matter for the bon or
Ben All to stoop and pass under the topmost bar. The children following
promptly, he paused to arrange the entrance, so that no stray cattle from
neighboring plantations might wander in. Aaron's caution was simply tne
result of the force of habit. The Federal army had spared the stock on
the Abercrombie place, as we have soon, but there were few cattle left In
all that region to stray through open gates or fallen bars. ... of
"We are hunting foxes on a new plan, 1 said Buster, somewhat boast
fully. But Aaron warned him to be quiet.
They went through the sedge, which was as high as Aaron waist,
and higher than Sweetest Susan's head, until they came to a pine thicket.
In a desert this small pine orchard would be called an oasis. I" ™?
sedge field it was known as the pine thicket, The pines were not large;
they had sprung up since the field had been abandoned + but they were
large enough and thick enough to afford shelter from the sun in hot
weather, and to form a sort of playground 01 meeting pi e for the wild _
creitures at nicht On the sde toward the high road the sedge shut
the pYayground^infrom observation, and on the opposite side there was
a wall of brambles and wild briars and blackberry bushes This wall
had a door inn When the rains fell, the lay of the land caused hun
dreds ofTttle rivulet to trickle through the sedge toward the thicket.
On the other side thF^e tiny rivulets, coming together gathered force ar
strenrth and the force' thug collected dug its way through the hriaiW?
win ! Hi gon« this door would be called a drain, or "dreen : by others^
a gully Anyhow there it was? and in good weather it formed a neat on'
fra^nee for the wild creatures coming from the forest side. It was to this
that Aharon le^d the youngsters. By a motion of his hand the
indicated that they were to sit on the carpet of pine
needles tWcklv spread over the ground. He had no need to ask them to
ret "Am from talking His expectant attitude was sufficient of itself to
command thlirsilenc'e. and there was something in the situation that kept
the children quiet They felt now. as they sometimes did when play
in! hide and Seek in the big dark barn, when those who played the part
oAt were afraid that one of the hidden ones, or something else, would
3Um A P aro U n ££&S«Sn&. a £ nan™ resting on the trunk of a pine. The
silnece was so profound that the wind, softly blowing through the dry
sedge, sounded like the flight of frightened creatures. How^ong rt^ey re
mained 'thus the children could never guess, but it seemed a very^ one
time indeed Suddenly tlie Son of Ben All. using his hand as a. sort or
trumpet gave "liar cry. which was thrice repeated. The children
having been "touched" understood this at once.
"Cunning one! Where are you? Where are you?
Almost instantly this was answered by a series of short, sharp .yells,
which, to the ordinary ear, would have sounded like the cry of welcome
or of pain made by a very small dog. But to Aaron and the children it
me aT the S same instant the head of old Scar-Face appeared in the open-
Ing of the tunnel made by the gully and the overhanging briars.
(Next Sunday Old Scar- Face, the Red Fox. will do some bragging.)
THE RULING PASSION.
He— Tt would be better for us if we were divorced!
She— So that you can do afterward just as you please? No, sir!— Unsere Ge
sellschaft.
keys before we became human: but that's
no reason for going back!"— Puck.
The Old-Time Hero
Swashbuckler to the core was he,
Mis highway was the universe;
With equal grace and gallantry
He snatched a kiss or cut a purse.
That day was lost to him. in truth.
In which he failed to break a lance;
A merry gentleman, forsooth —
The picaroon of romance!
How well we know his jerkin's cut,
Or color of his gay cockade!
His lusty bluster and his strut,
And eke the glitter of his blade!
And how we've loved his platterdash—
Aye, every one of us that reads!—
And joyed to see him cut and slash,
And gloried in his gory deeds!
Ah, there's the hero to our mind!
No languid airs for him, parfay!
A damsel in distress to find
Hot foot he'd travel night and day:
And when he found her. as was sure,
Ods daggers! there was sport for him.
OuOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
dn not chance your money. Patience will
help you greatly, and though you are
capable, original and have groat individ
uality you arc too much In a hurry. You
have a groat taste for language and will
learn several in your numerous travels,
which you are to undertake Music and
beautiful things will surround you and
you will become more satisfied with your
surroundings than you are al present.
MAKTE LA TKAVIATA- This is a hand
ruled largely by the Affectionate nature,
inclined to idolize chose whom they truly
love. Vet they are capable of loving a
number of people. There have been sev
eral strong attachments not ending in
marriage. There will be two marriages
in the life, neither one early alliances.
There will bo a better financial condition
in the second venture.
G. LA NOKMANDIE— Tour hand
shows a nature susceptible to all the finer
influences. Fond of music and art; refined
in all your taste?. You will make a de
cided success of your life if you will not
allow your affections to absorb your In
terest. Yob have a very Interesting hand.
Space will not permit a fun reading. It
would be well for you to use more delib
eration.
MRS. P. A. G., Petaluma— This is the
hand of a neat, methodical woman, plenty
of thrift. You are rather too close in
money matters, sacrificing all the joys of
this life for the hopes of a glorious fu
ture. You were married early in life and
have raised a. large family. You have
never seen much of the world.
L. L. D., Chico— This ia the hand of a
nervous, over-sensitive individual, one
who suffers from severe headaches and
indigestion. You were married at 2fi and
divorced five years later. You have had
two children, one died in infancy. You
will marry again at 38. Long life
CLARA H., Paso Robles— You have an
The rogues who thought themselves
secure—
Were not their chances mighty slim?
A tankard of good ale. mine host,
Or shandygaff— the best ye can'
Come, one and all! We'll drink a toast
To our enchanting gentleman!
A prodigy of valor he.
The very prince of all gallants
Whose like we ne"er again shall see—
The picaroon of old romance!
—Arthur Grissom in Munsey's.
Waiting for Papa to Decide
Miriam— do you expect to co
this summer—to the mountains or the
seashore?
Fannie—We haven't decided yet. It will
depend on which papa selects. I do hone
he will say the seashore. That will make
mamma take to the mountains, and I V
like them so much better.—Chicago News, f
"Did that English traveler say he
would shake the dust of America from
his shoes?"
"No; he said his valet would do it for
him."—Chicago Record.
00000000000000000
erratic temperament and do not get alone
harmoniously with any one. You are ir
ritable and exacting. One disappointment
l ni? ye J, n y°ur ear'y life seems to have
saddened your nature. You will take I
long journey next year and be "ax han*
■ pl £ r i!»" Vi >vr o new surroundings. P
F, W. H Stockton— Your hand indicates
Inclined to make the
host of every Bituation. You have i
love of mugfc and dancing and the gay
in^ ng v,V, h •;;• but d 0 not care for read
ing. Inn will marry at 23
BESSIE C, No. 4S_You are of a very
vm,rn ai. c natUre and succeed in having
your own way every time—to your detri
ment sometimes You had a serious ac
cident at 20. which crippled you for life.
thills* SOm° musical talent but lack
T.-l Ir? lii' TJ IUNDRED AND NINE MAR.
KET BTREET— Your fate is to die sud
denly, though not early. You will die by
accident. You have been married threo
times. Only one of the marriages was
congenial. You have one child— boy.
You have excellent health.
BLANCHE 8., Petaluma— have a
weak, vacillating nature. You do wrong
at times, not from wickedness, but from
moral weakness. You lack decision. You
are too easily influenced. Be more firm.
The loss of a relative has thrown you
upon your own rescources.
ARCHIE G. L., Vallejo—You have &J
proud nature, and" much good fortune—a
legacy at enabled you to become very
dissipated. You do not care for reading
nor Intellectual pursuits, but are, very
much interested In horseracing and sports
of all kinds.
i|.. ♦ ■ ■
Madame Neergaard. pupil of St. Germain,
scientific palmist; reading, by mail, $1. 618
Geary fit., above Jones. Telephone Hyde 2621.Simple Equilibrium orv the Slack Wire.
Tin: th. . ■ ' be< o re-
Ih mi produc
iperas by the
ithwell and Tlvoli companies,
. illy first-rate
■;■ marvelously un
• . haracter imita
irpheum, for th.' alleged
n li ag< r by another—
i g of ii" new theaters
• th.' press. In im
last-mentioned item is
I. rhaps a whole hunch of
I builded in the news
eek and all our calcula
ir nothing: but in the mean
■ may h pi . the sign is en-
Wl ;. the millionaires and
Lin from erecting morn
. evening editions of theaters
s for a whole week it
augurs well for architects and builders
.uid | [1 is very easy to set
theater in type. Any well-
Lted press agent can do it at an
hour's n itice. It is much easier than
ne's diamonds, or one's repu
n, or one's husband, or any of the
ts in pressatrentry, and "is
quite as inexpensive. Some time when
the v eek is dull I may build one on this
Upon annex that will en-
: .■• v to a velvet-mounted orchestra
pening night— write the
myself and choose the cast from
trious histrons who an dead. That
is, If the fad lists. But 1 fear it will
phantom theaters make bril
■ature, but add nothing to the
■ seating capacity of the
. and already th.' public is becom
ist a bit skeptical.
Thai we need a new theater will find
ai< rs. After a play famine that
■ ■. yi ars theatricals are now
on the way to boom. San Fran-
I n tak< n to tii. heart of
th- managerial syndicate, and the only
available theater for the syndicate is
■ "olumbia— which means just one
Lttractlon at a time. For In
stance the Frohman company, headed
i Henry Miller and Edward Morgan,
that cornea soon for an extended and
what is practically a stock engagement,
will, while it occupies the Columbia,
close the city against all other high
class attractions. To be sure Mr. Fried
lander will have the California in shape
by that time: but Mr. Friedlander is
not one of the brotherhood of the syn
<! >ate and cannot get the syndicate at
tractions, which, generally speaking,
are all the notable ones in America. In
fact he has already avowed his inten
tion of largely giving over the Cali
fornia to lectures, concerts and what
usually termed "platform attrac
tions." Aside fn.m that Mr. Fried
lander, Mr. Hayman and oursfclves
know from experience that the Cali
fornia Theater is off the line for » x
pensive shows. Location means much
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
TO-MORROW (MONDAY) NIGHT,
FIRST APPEARANCE OF THE
HERBERT
KELCEY
EFFIE
SHANNON
C* £\ Under the Management of
VwU. OAVID L. HAY MAM.
PRESENTING
THE IMPRESSIVE AMERICAN PLAY,
Iht MOTH
r FLAME."
By Clyde Fitch.
ALL Tin: ORIGINAL CAST.
Exactly as Enacted 125 Nights at the
N. Y. LYCEUM THEATER.
COLUMBIA— EXTRA.
TO-NIGHT TO-NIGHT.
LAST TIME- **€">!% » j
Char Fnhman's » And
Mont Amusing OFF."
Farce. _ j"^
f3OLL*W GREAT REALISTIC
WAR PANORAMA!
f"|T Prof. W. G. ROLLINS,
■ the eminent orator,
mm „_ lectures half hourly.
iVlQnilO Market «*., nr. Eighth.
Admission 50c. '
Bay! *»-— — —
in this busin* ss. If it did not the Grand
Opera-houße WQUId never have been
run at cheap prices and its managers
would be sacking gold where they are
now sacking silver. There is some talk
of building a playhouse in the Palace
Hotel. With the main entrance on any
street but Market such a move would
be nothing short of folly. And even
fronting on that principal thoroughfare
the Palace Theater would get the crowd
in spite of rather than for its extremely
down-town location. If this hotel
theater materializes in a hurry I have
no doubt that the* syndicate will con
trol it. Hut not if it lingers long in the
ghost columns of the press. The man
of the syndicate need another
theater to keep San Francisco properly
represented on their map. and would,
I am told on better-than-ÜBual author
ity, build it themselves if the worst
came tn the worst. But you may wager
that th'-y \\\U not do this if they can
find local spirited capitalists to build it
for them.
* * *
Just now the plays of William Shake
speare seem to he enjoying one of their
periodic booms In America. Maude
Adams in New York has made what I
! gather is a most amiable hit in Juliet;
, Julia Arthur's success in the same part
is now acknowledged even in Boston;
Phoebe Davies declares intentions on
Desdemona; and Clara J.ippman. of
New York Casino fame, is seriously
programmed for Portia, while her com
panion artist, Louis Main., the Hebrew
and Dutch dialectrician, anticipates
new glories f (- '' himself in the part of
Shvlock. Nor is Mr. Mann the only
man whose ambitions have turned Wil
i Uamward. Henry Miller has already
i appeared in "Hamlet" with what is re
ported to be positive success (we will
soon l" able to judge for ourselves);
Nal Goodwin is devoting a part of his
midnight oil to the study of flhylock;
William Faversham and James K. Haek
ette are said to give and take great
pleasure in their respective parts of Ro
meo and Mercutio in the Maude Adams
production; and David Belasco in his
odd hours is preparing a Leslie. Carter
version of "A Winter's Tale." And
thus the good old free and royalf.yless
legitimate bids fair to come into actual
competition with the profane works of
recent playwriters. This is good for
Shakespeare, and also good for the
modern player, who is apt to become a
cramped specialist in these days of
tailor-made parts and long runs. Most
of the actors and actresses that I have
mentioned are immensely popular with
th-- average theatergoer (to whom
Shakespeare in the abstract offers few
attractions), and their legitimate en
deavor is bound to he rewarded by a
curious attention at least. There is
little reason why all actors worthy of
the name should not be able to make a
good showing in the Shakespeare plays.
AanJSEMENTS.
TIVQLI OPERA-HOUSE,
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng.... Proprietor and Mcr.
TO-NIGHT! LAST TIME OF
ORPHEUS ANDEURYDICE.
MONDAY EVENING, May 22,
Every Evening and Saturday Matinee.
First Production in This City ot
De Koven and Smith's
New Comic Opera, in 3 acts,
■000000 l
Q-O-6 "* 6-O-Q
800000000000 l
SEE
THE FEAST OF THE LANTERNS.
THE UMBRELLA DANCE.
THE NUPTIAL CEREMONY.
The Most Surceppful work of the Author and
Composer of "Robin Hood."
PRICES • ■ r: 25c and 50c !
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
SUTRO JSATHS.
SUNDAY, MAY 21. at 2:30 P. M.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME.
SWIMMING RACES FOR
VALUABLE PRIZES.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 6c.
Bathing, including admission, 25c; children, Me.
OPEN NIGHTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
THE BUILDING
OF
PHANTOM THEATERS
The recent epidemic of romantic drama
has taught them the use of gaudy
clothes and sidearms and a something
of that sonorous elocution that the
Bard demands. These moderns will
perhaps hold in the proper disesteem
those fake traditions in acting and in
terpretation that have done more than
anything else to keep Shakespeare out
of touch with the popular, end-of-the
century theater, and bring about a
nice little renascence of a very musical
and uplifting style of drama. At any
rate the enterprise of the players in
venturing on what for many years has
been regarded as almost fatal territory,
and the grit of the managers in risking
the productions canr.oi ho t<m highly
commended. It is not probable that all
these people will be successful, but if
only a few succeed others will be en
couraged and the ball set arolling; and
maybe the new century will find in
"tragedian" and "classic comedian"
something better than terms of re
proach.
* • *
The passionate press agent is now
adays excessively partial to- pulling the
long arm of coincidence (or the leg of
the dramatic critic— just as you prefer) j
in giving his human wares the proper I
plumpness of space in the newspapers. ■
CLIVEp HE/\D TO HEAD BALA^ICINQ FEAJS OF JHE ESGAJVIIIjLOS J\J JflZ Of(PJHEUjV|.
But this yarn about Effie Shannon,
who cuTres to us to-morrow nicht. and
Fritz Williams, who leaves us to-nieht.
and "Pinafore," which has been flllintr
us with pleasant reminiscence at the
Grand durins the week, is ingenious
and timely •lmugh to be true. It seems
that long, lon^ ago Mr. Williams made
his first appearance on any stnere in a
Boston production of "Pinafore" in the
AMUSEMENTS.
MtrJ^^^. '^\ S Angeles, CaJ., Estab. 1884
WEEK COMMENCING '.W SUNDAY MATINEE, May 21.
—NEW AND POSITIVELY—
THE GREATEST NOVELTY BILL EVER OFFERED.
The Sensational Vaudeville Act of the Century
Burmese MOUNG TOON
mJp a. \ At JL Imd U JLJ
_ - .M..AND,,
WONDERS MOUNG CHET
Presenting an Act the Like of Which Has Never Been Seen In America. All Articles Juggled
s . Uy Contact With the Body and Not Touched With the Hands.
MONTGOMERY AND STONE
Beau Brummels of Blnckfaee Comedy.
....bujLtt "V^A-1T. . . .
Famous Monologlst, Quaint Comedian and Parody Singer.
JAS. B DONOVAN-FANNY
The Funniest of Irish Comedian*
TROUPE MONTROSE I THE ESCAMILLOS
World's Greatest ■ Acrobats. j_ _'\ Europe's Greatest Equilibrists.
POSITIVELY LAST WEEK OP
....LA PETITE LUND \.... MISS EDNA AUG....
The Child Artist^ \^ Character Comedian. !
ZAZELL AND VERNON
Grotesque Triple Bar Artists.
MATIHEE TO-DAY~(SUNDAY^ MAY 21. **3^<£££?£?£%g--
FAREWELL PIANOFORTE RECITAL
By MASTER IRWIN EVELETH f
HASSELL.
Assisted by the PRESS ' CLUB QUARTET,
. THURSDAY, MAY 25. 8 p. m.. .
At SHERMAN-CLAY HALL, 228 BUTTER ST.
Tickets (Including reserved seats) $1, for sale
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Music Store, cora-
xneoclnjr Saturday, May 20-
By Ashtor) Stevens.
how he scrawled in a big, boyish hand,
"I am the monarch of the sea— Fritz
Williams.' " Can't you guess the rest?
— how years afterward they met on the
Lyceum stage and she confronted him
with that very same autograph album
and he said. "What, you aren't that
little lemon-haired girl?"' and how they
both laughed and worked happily to
gether ever after, or for the season
anyway? Of course you can. But the
lovely part of the story is the happen
ing along at the same time of "Pina
fore" and Fritz Williams and Efne
Shannon. The press agent who
thought that out is a topical wonder.
In announcing the successful st^lar al
liance of Herbert K< Icey and Bffle Shan
non i.'i "'rii<' Moth ami the Flame" at tho
Columbia Th< ater, I eginning with to
morrow night, the management of that
house promises one of the best New fork
Lyceum Thfatfr successes. "The Moth
and the Flame'" is said to be a play with
a moral, an intensely dramatic produc
tion, dealing with the fashionable social
life of New York City. That it is an
American play by an American author
and deals with American society is a cir
cumstance altogether favorable in the
eyes of an American audience. It tells a
story of the love of an bonesi man for a
pure young woman, a. New York society
part of the Admiral. The same event
ful nipht marked the debut of
Miss Shannon, who was cast as
on.' of his sisters or his cousins
or his aunts. "There was not
a tot in that chorus." Bays
Miss Shannon, "who was not tumultu
ously in love with the proudly strutting
admiral. 1 remember well how T
brought him n;y autograph album and
' THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year.
'x, ' ' ' ' ■ '
]nnlar£ed to 16 Pages
Golumbia
belle, ■'.vho. however, falis a victim to the
duplicity of an. aristocratic scoundrel, and
in th< % role of a social reformer Is led by
him to the verge of matrimony, but es
capea marriage with him at the foot of
th< altar.
The first scene of the play reveals a
children's party given l>y adults attired
in short dresses ;m<l children's panta
\< i; at 'he mansion of one of New York's
"400." The shadow of a crime lurks, and
the curtain falls on ;i suicide. In the sec
ond act. as the marriage of the young
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
TELEPHONE GREEN 861.
Last Night of "PINAFORE" AND "CAVAL-
LERIA RUSTICANA."
• . :. WEEK OF MONDAY, May 22d,
THE FAMOUS
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
-. In Strauss' Delightful Opera, \ V" ft
THE GYPSY BARON
A Splendid Cast, Including
3 PRIMA DONNAS.
2 PRINCIPAL TENORS.
Reserved Seats, 23c . and 50c. Gallery 15c.
Note— Our Branch Box office, now located in
the Pacific Graphophone Parlors, 724 Market
street, will be removed Monday to the Em-
porium, Just inside main entrance.
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St.. Cor. Mason.
America's Mont Beautiful Music Hall.
ANOTHER BILL OF EASTERN STARS.
Important Engagement of the
THE 4 SALVINIS
Famous Acrobats.
THE HARTWELL SISTERS
Acrobatic Dancers.
WAY and MAITLAND
The Star Coon Specialists, in New Songs.
AGNES CASTRO. EDITH MERVYN. CHARL-
I TON AND ROYCE AND OTHERS.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMIoSION FREE.
GLEN PARK.
THIS SUNDAY all cars direct to play-
grounds.
ALPINE WRESTLING ■• on Recreation
Ground, commencins at 12 o'clock noon,
under auspices of Swiss Athletic Club.
INDOOR CIRCUS in the "BARN,"
Commencing at 2 P. M.
Bareback trick' riding, hurdling racing.
Olympian ' riding, trained animals. Japa-
nese acrobats, equilibrists, tumblers, feats
of strength", umbrella tossing,' trapeze per-
-." ' formance, etc.
ADMISSION to grounds and wrestling 10c,
: "i'to Circus lie and 25c extra.
society belle and the villain is' about to
be solemnized in X^w York's most fash
ionable cnurch before a very aristocratic
congregation, "the other woman" in the
case, the wronged wife, appears on the
scene, and rushing down the church aisle
calls a peremptory halt to the marriage
ceremony, at the same time uttering an
impassioned denunciation of the groom.
The climax of this act. as the groom
strikes a cowardly blow at the woman he
has betrayed and fells her to the floor,
while his affianced wife rushes horror
stricken from the church, is said to be
one of the most dramatic and thrilling
in the America drama. hi the
last act the tension gradually relaxes
and the audience sees the villain obtain
ing his just deserts, while honesty, truth
and love triumph.
At the Tivoli Opera-house "Orpheus
and Eurydice" will receive its last pre
sentation to-night, and to-raorrow
evening De Koven and Smith's romantic
comic opera in three acts, "The Manda
rin." will be sung for the first time in
this city. The libretto and lyrics are said
to be written in Smith's best style and the
music is reported tuneful and catchy. The
mandarin of Fuchau, where the scene of
the opera is placed, bears a striking re
semblance to Fan-Tan, a vagabond, and
on this the story hinges. The mandarin
sees Jesso, the vagabond's wife, and falls
in love with her, but the laws of China
allow a man only twelve wives, with
which comfortable quantity he is already
provided. Complications ensue in a rush
ing manner and fun reigns supreme.
Qrar\d Opera-House
The Southwell Opera Company has cap
tured the public fancy and is doing a
splendid business at the Grand Opera
house. The singers have raised them
selves greatly in popular esteem by
their admirable performance of "Caval
leria Rusticana." To-morrow evening
they present Strauss' "Gypsy Baron."
which certainly ought to do a big busi
ness. The opera is rich in delightful mel
ody and contains a story which is exceed
ingly interesting and is told with agree
able and picturesque surroundings. This
production is to be beautifully mounted,
and the costumes, which are exceedingly
handsome, have arrived from the East.
The cast will include the three prima
donnas and the two leading tenors. It is
as follows; Sandor Barink ay. Thomas M.
Persse, Count Carnaro. Arthur Wooley
Kalman Zsupan, William Wolff; Oltakar
Miro Delamotta; Pali. Nace Boneville
Josif, Charles Arling: Sam. Edith Mason
Arsena. Eleanor Guistl and Daisy Thorns
alternately; Mirabella, Bertha Kicci'
Czria, Hattlc Belle Ladd.
/\lcazar.
On Monday evening at the Alcazar will
be revived "In Mizzoura." the play which
has been accepted in the West as "The
Old Homestead" is in the far East, and
which is incidentally a much finer drama
than Thompson's. It is a picture of
country lffe in Missouri. It relates the
secret love a blacksmith's daughter had
for a man of evil record and a fugitive
from justice, whose character she knew
not. It also pictures how the Sher'ff of
the play had quietly furnished the erirl's
father with the means for her education
and how he loved the girl Kate and never
told her. It tells that when Kan- re
turned home from one of the Eastern
seminaries she frowned upon him and
scoffed at the thought of marrying a man
so beneath her in education, not knowing
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
NIGHTS AND SATURDAY AFTER-
NOON.
June Ist, 2d and 3d, 1599.
if Magnificent production of
jy Palmer Cox's beautiful, mod-
I em operetta,
jgfc "THE BROWNIES
$11 IN FAIRYLAND."
fK«ji £$* For the benefit of the
H|f CALIFORNIA CLUB,
Reserved seats 25c, 50c and 75c.
On sale at the theater, commencing Monday,
May 29, at 9 o'clock.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL,
223 Sutter st.
TWO CHAMBER CONCERTS
By the
KNEISEL QUARTET
OF BOSTON.
FRIDAY EVENING. May 26. at 8:15
And
SATURDAY AFTERNOON May 27,
at 3 o'clock.
PRICES U 50 and $1 00
Seats now on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.
CBUTES_AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
ARIZONA BILL and ZONA BELLE,
Snake Charmers, in the ZOO
RIDE ON THE GALLOPING HORSES.
f BALLOON ASCENSION
THIS AFTERNOON
By MARKEBERG.
VISIT LUNETTE . AND THE MAZE.
Looks Ea^v], bu Just Try to Do It.
that he had furnished the means for her
schooling; and it ends happily.
The new bill at the Orp! - four
new acts, and one of these is claimed to
be the novelty of the day. It la by Moung
Toon and Mong Chet, Burmese jugglers,
who have been attracting th< attention
of the East to tl)' 1 extent that they have
been made the subjects ol special tories
by the Sunday papers, Harper's, Leslie's
and the magafcines. A peculiarity of their
work la tlmi they do all their juggling
without touching the articles with their
hands, using only th.-ir feet and the mus
cles of the aims, shoulders and legs.
Other new features are Montgomery and
Stone, the blackface comedians, who were
guch favorites when here about a year
ago, Billy Van, the minstrel, in his spe
cialties, and the Donovans, Irish come
dians.
Jivbli.
The Kneisel Quartet will give two cham
ber concerts at Sherman & Clay Hall n^xt
Friday evening at o'clock and Sat
urday afternoon at 3 o'clock. The first
programme will comprise Mozart's quar
tet in D minor; Schumann's quartet in F
major and Srmtana's quartet id E minor.
This last work is a remarkable one, and
was written after the composer became
totally deaf. The second programme will
include Haydn's quartet in G major; Bee
thoven's quartet in E flat major, op. 74,
and Schubert's quartet in D minor. The
Kneisels constitute the last string quar
tet now before the public, and will be ac
corded a hearty welcome.
At the Chutes the list of performers
will include W'cston and Herbert, musical
comedians; Martin Franklyn, a parodist
and dancer: Waldo and Elliot, aerial con
tortionists; the Morrells, banjoists; An
tonio Vargas, barytone; Lucretla Vincent,
dancer, and Little Maud, a child singer.
Arizona Bill and Zoma Belle, snake
charmers, are in the zoo. There will be a
balloon ascension this afternoon, ai
Thursday night an amateur minstrel per
lormancc wnl be given,
An elaborate production of Palmer
('ox's "Brownies in Fairy, -id" will bo
given at the California ']..e.i> r Thurs
day, Friday and Saturday, June 1. 2 and
3, under the auspices of the California
Club. Over 2tX> children will take part.
The Olympia has for its new cards the
Hartwell sisters, who are said to be very
clever acrobatic dancers; the four Sal
vinis, acrobats, and Way and Maitland.
Haydn's symphony in G major (the
military)); an arrangement for string
orchestra of "The Old Folks at Home,"
by Carl Busch (first time here); Sousa's
very latest march, "Hands Across the
Sea" (first time); Schumann's "Marchen
bilder," for violin and piano, and miscel
laneous numbers, constitute a programme
I to be given under the direction of Alex
ander T. Stewart at the L'niiariau
i church, Oakland, Friday evi-ning.
The spventee nth musieale by tin McKen
zie Musical Society of 100 voices will be
given in the Odd Fellows' Hall on Thurs
! day night.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR™
TO-NIGHT,
"HIS JAPANESE WIFE."
TO-MORROW NIGHT and ENTIRE WEEK.
MR. NAT. C. GOODWIN'S
Greatest Comedy-Drama Success,
IN MIZZOURA.
Bright Breezy Brilliant.
PRICES .7.115 c, 25c, 35c. 58c.
Monday. May 29— The Distinguished Actor,
MR. LEWIS MORRISON, In an Elaborate
Production of "HAMLET." .
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
May 20 and 21.
PHENOMENAL STAKES.
PUPPY AND OPEN STAKES.
136 NOMINATIONS 138
$1040 PRIZE MONEY ■ $1040
.TRAIN SERVICE
Leaves Third and Townsend streets SATUR-
DAY, 10:30 a. m. and In. m. ; SUNDAY, 10:15
a. m.. 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-fifth
and Valencia streets five minutes' later. Re-
turning from park Immediately aft»r last
course. Extra train from park on SUNDAY nt
4:45 p. m. San Mateo electric cars every ten
minutes.
ADMISSION. 2." Cents. LADIES FREE.
"FICTION, FURY AND FACT."
LECTURE
By REV. CHARLES A. RAMM
IN ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. ■
Van Ness Avenue,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, May 3t\ at 8 o'clock
TICKETS FIFTY CENTS.
Tickets may be had at Sherman & Clay's,
Kearny at.: Gallagher's Bookstore, McAllister
st., near Market; Keeffe's Music-store, Van
Ness aye.. near Geary st. ; at doors of Cathe-
dral on the evening of the lecture, or from the
clergy of the Cathedral, 1100 Franklin st.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— Weekly
Call, IS paces, sent to any address In th»
United States or Canada one year for 51.
postage raid.
■..'■• - • ' ■-' '. . "\ Jt:-'
29
Orpheum.
Kneisel Concerts.
Jhe Ghutes.
California.
O.vjmpia,
Musical Mention.30
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bank clearings Rain sharply.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley quiet and firm.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
New Oat Hay sold at $6 SO.
J!ran and Middlings unchanged.
lieans and Seeds dull.
Potatoes about the same.
Nothing new in Vegetables.
Poultry nominal.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Increasing assortment of Summer Fruits.
Dried Fruits nominal. ,
Provisions firm and native.
Wool in steauy demand.
Increased shipment- of Salmon.
NATIONAL EXPORTS.
The following figures taken from the bulletin
issued by the Bureau of Statistics of the Treas
ury Department show the value of the prin
cipal articles of merchandise exported from the
United States for the ten months ended April
30 ISPS: readstuffs, $224,259,568: cotton, $190,-
E.C1.851; mineral oils. i.41.6_l,:-:.0; cattle and hogs,
$23,076,S6S; provisions, $134,555,820; totals, $61,,
..,*.• 95" The values of the articles mentioned
exported during the ten months ended April
30 IMS. were 1*174, 4"3,2i'.. The value of the ex
ports of breadstuff* from San Francisco for the
ten months then ended was $3,507,038, against
$20,S.'5,4-6 for the same time last year.
FRUITS AND SALMON IN LONDON.
California fruits continue firm in London.
pays the Grocers' Gazette, and supplies on the
spot are moving steadily Into consumption.
For the IS! pack high rates are spoken >•". and
canners slate that values will necessarily be on
a higher ran( the cost of the tins showing a
very material increase, in addition to which it
it stated that the pack will not be an exces
sive one, frost having been reported last week.
•while the demand from the States for evapor
ated fruits Is also likely to affect the supplies
for canning There have been more inquiries
this week for salmon, but as yet buyers are
bidding about 6d under market prices, and,
■with holders rlrm, not a great amount of busi
ness has resulted Supplies D first hands are
firmly held, but sol dealers are disposed to
come in on the market and take slightly less
than the market rate.
EXPORTS OF SALMON.
Exports of salmon from this port during the
first four months of the year were 110,200 cases
and 3721 packages, valued at $459,650, against
S2.240 cases and 347. packages, at (332,950 for the
came time in 1898.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $19,003.
--l"l. against $14,871,453 for the same week in
UM.
WEATHER REPORT.
(MOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. May 20, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date last season, and rainfall in last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Station*— 24 Hours^ Season. Season
Eureka ....— 0.00 32.86 32.01
Red Bluff 0.(10 20.00 13.94
Sacramento 0.00 14.06 10.01
San Francisco 0.00 16.00 »M
Fresno 0.00 7.03 4.94
Ban Luis Obispo 0.00 16.46 7.14
1. - Angeles 0.00 4.95 7.06
San Diego 0.00 4.M 4.94
Yutna u.OO 1.34 1.63
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
M; minimum, 40; mean, Cl.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The area of low pressure which apparently
developed during the week between the Sierras
and the Rockies has crossed the latter and
is now well on Its way toward the great
central valley. An area of high pressure over
lie? the North Pacific.
The temperature has risen generally over
the Pacific Coast. Over tab there has been
a rise ol about ten degrees in the past twenty
four hours.
No rain ha fallen in California and almost
nn rain west of the Rooky Mountains.
A maximum wind velocity of thirty miles
per hour from the south is reported at Idaho
Fulls.
Forecasts mail' 1 at San Francisco for thirty
hours, en. ling midnight, May 21:
Northern California— Fair Sunday; light
northerly winds: westerly on the coast.
Southern California -Fair Sunday; light
northwesterly winds.
Nevada Fair Sunday; warmer.
Utah— Fair Sunday: warmer.
Arizona— Fair Sunday
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
light northwesterly winds.
ALEXANDER McADIE, Forecast Official.
FORECAST OF WIND AND WEATHER IN
THE NORTH PACIFIC OCEAN FOR ,
JIN) 1533.
Atmospheric equilibrium obtains In June
more than during any other month of the
year.
The area of high barometer; the northeast
trades— The sub-chart of isobars and Isotherms
for this month shows an almost permanent area
of high barometer, with center near latitude
40 degrees north, longitude 145 degrees west,
slightly farther to the north and west than
during May. This movement of the high
cause*, the region of the trades to extend far
ther to the northward than during the pre
ceding month. Over the eastern half of the
ocran the trades will be found blowing with
an average force of 4 (Beaufort scale), varying
In direction from north northeast along the
iriPrldlan of 130 degrees to east northeast In
midocean, the polar and equatorial limits ly
ing slightly to the northward of the parallels
of 3o degrees north and 10 degrees north, re
■pectlvely. West of the Hawaiian Islands the
trades will probably be from the east. North
erly and northwesterly winds will replace the
trades between the American coast and a Una
drawn from U5 degn north, 130 degrees W,
to 10 degrees north, 115 degrees west. In the
doldrums, or calm region, between the trades,
•which is rapidly attaining its greatest width,
much rain and frequent thunderstorms may be
expected, accompanied by calms, light vari
able winds or squalls.
Occasional cyclonic storms of no great in
tensity may be encountered between the paral
lels of 10 degrees north and 20 degrees north,
along the Failing route from San Francisco
to the line. Heavy thunderstorms are also
likely to occur along the coast of Mexico and
Central America.
The area of low barometer; the prevailing
■westerly winds — To the northward of the Aleu
tian Islands will be found an almost perma
nent low, but of less depth than the correspond
ing area of last month. The general circula
tion of the winds around this low la left
handed, or against the sun. Between thia
low and the^ high to the southeastward there
is a steady movement of the air from west
to east, as evidenced by the westerly and
southwesterly winds. These winds will be
eomewhat lighter In force than' during the
month of May.
Cyclonic and anti-cyclonic circulations—Oc
casional spiral circulations, viz., the cyclonic
(In which the winds rotate against the sun),
■with low barometer, and anti-cyclonic (in
•which the winds rotate with the Bun) with
high barometer, will be found moving in
a general easterly direction across the ocean.
In advance of a cyclonic area, or low, the
weather is damp, the thermometer rises, and
the barometer falls, while the general direc
tion of the winds is equatorial; in advance
of an anti-cyclonic area, or high, it is dry,
the thermometer' falls and the barometer rises,
while the general direction of the winds is
polar. The progress of these low areas, dis
turbing the mean distribution of pressure, will
give rise to occasional gales between the paral
lels of 35 degrees north and 50 degrees north,
accompanied by rain and periods of foul weath
er generally. These, however, will be less
frequent and of less duration than during the
month just passed.
Monsoons — As a consequence of the fall of
pressure over Central Asia, the southwest
monsoon will be found to have set in on the
southeast coast of Asia and throughout the
Philippines, bringing with it hot, sultry weath
er and abundant rain.
Typhoons— The probability of the occurrence
of typhoons has Increased, especially in the
neighborhood of the Philippines and the south
east China coast. The region in which these
Storms are most frequent and the tracks fol
lowed by the various classes are shown upon
the chart.
Fog— Fog and mist will be prevalent along
the American coast north of latitude 30 de
grees north and throughout the Gulf of Alaska
Fog may also be expected north of the 40th
parallel from the American to the Asiatic coaet,
but with greater frequency north of the Japan
ream.
EASTERN MARKETS
NBW YORK stuck MARKET.
NEW YORK, May LV -Transactions In to
days short session were apparently confined
I'ings by local room traders, who took
a ilny's turn in prices, either down or up.
Prices In the majority of cases are conse
quently little changed from last night. The
of thPlr fluctuations during the two
boors' trading reflected considerable hesita
tion and uncertainty in the most of the trad-
Ing element. The London Exchange -was
eloped foo- a holiday and there were no quo
tations from that quarter to give an Indica
tion of the tendency of prices. Many stocks
opened unchanged in quotation or moved %
either way. Stocks of corporations which en-
Joy franchise privileges in this State were
weak on the prospect of the franchise tax bill
becoming a law, the prospect of material
mi<lln>atlon not being considered likely. The
American Smaltlng stock was also under pres
suis and continued rather weak all day. Ana
conda, on the other hand, continued its show
of strength and ended the day 2hi points high
er. Pugar made an aggressive resistance to
the prasEura against it, and kept above yes
terday's level after the opening decline. There
was a dull resistance to the occasion^ at
tacks of the market In the railroad st\cks,
especially those In the .South and West. Man
ha.uiui and Third Avenue were firm early, but
rallied later, the latter breaking six points.
The bears were disposed to caution in antici
pation of a favorable bank statement, but |
when the market failed to respond to this an
attack on values was made. So little stock
was brought out on the decline that the bears
covered, making the close firm at small I
changes except in special cases. The bank
statement shows a larger Increase in cash then ;
was expected. The heavy contract In loans
was, of course, a reflection In part of the vast
liquidation of last Saturday. As a consequence
the Increase in cash almost all went to swell
the surplus reserve of the banks. There was
.. marked continuance of the recent heavy ab
sorption of new Issues of railroad bunds, the
tape recording several individual transactions
of from $100,000 to $300,000. The stock market
has been so much unsettled during the week by
the contending struggles of the bulls and bears
over the Flower group of stocks that there !
has been ll»le opportunity to discern any re- I
flection of general conditions in its movement. '
There was some slight continuation on Mon- |
day of the eager selling pressure on these |
stocks which had been marvelously advanced i
In value under the fostering of the late Mr. i
Flower. Hut the determined and extensive
buying by the deceased financier's associates
In these properties, who had Joined resources
for the protection of values, soon allayed the
apprehensions of timid holders and induced '
the shorts to cover.
The movement toward recovery seemed to
meet with no opposition from the bears not
withstanding the present bear movement a»- :
sumed by one of the largest professional opera
tors in the market. Hut the bear element wns
looking .forward only a short time, as the case
proved, for :in opportunity to attack values.
They of course are not very vigorous In op
position to the reconstruction of values while
it was pursued with set purpose. But the
rise of Wednesday, which brought the Flower
specialists back to or above the prices of the !
preceding Friday before Mr. Flower's death, j
seemed to satisfy the bull element for the
time being, nnd on Thursday there was evi
dence of realizing on some of the large hold
ings which It had been necessary to accumu- i
late earlier in order to check the downward
tendency of the market. This profit-taking
had the advantage of a rising tendency in the
railway list, due to good traffic returns, to
sustain it.
The rise in wheat nnd the talk of crop dam
age caused the railroad stocks to waver, and
then the bears attacked the specialties, notably
Sugar. Brooklyn and the New York Traction
shares with great violence and determination,
causing notable recessions. The tactics thus
engendered caused subsequent dullness. It I
seemed to be demonstrated that the large lines :
accumulated for the lifting 01 prices were held i
over the market under a powerful bear force,
stood ready to take the market from any at
tempt at profit taking. There are.no certain
ties In the general outlook to confirm the
general hesitation of speculation and a dis
position to await further developments to In- i
dicate whether the present level of prices is
consistent with the demand for money, and
there is the inevitable uncertainty regarding '
the crous at this time of the year. Talk of !
crop image has a bearing on the future earn- \
ings of railways, and it Is not an answer I
to this to compare the price of wheat with last
year's level, where the high prices was due to I
the clamor of the whole world for our very I
abundant product. More to the puroose are
the current statistics of railway earnings,
which are well In excess of those of last year
for the grain carrying roads In spite of the
phenomenally heavy movement of wheat at the
time in connection with the Letter deal. Great :
attention is given also to the color of our in- I
ternational trade balance bearing on the
world's money market, recently enjoyed by '
New York. The financial transaction of a $•_'"'
--000.000 payment to Spain on Monday without '
exportation of a dollar of gold was striking I
evidence of a residue of our exchange credit I
balance. But the question arises whether the J
residue is not exhausted by this Important
operation and whether the present movement ;
of International trade gives any promise of re
newing it. The rate of exchange on London
had risen ?;c per pound at New York during
the week, and the supply of bills Is reported !
scanty. Imports continue well above not only I
last year's level but above normal of recent
years. Still exports, though far below last
year's unprecedented level, owing to the re
duced prices of breadstuffs, are still well above '
the average for this time of the year, and the
excess of exports for April holds the record
for that month. If last year is excepted
This continued advantage of position is due to
Increased exports of our manufactured prod
ucts. The future of the iron trade also has I
an important bearing on the trade balance. )
The continued upward tendency of iron and I
steel product Is expected to curtail exports In
that line. Under these circumstances the dis
position of the Tendon market toward Ameri
can securities is characterized as a selling !
market, which might precipitate gold exports.
Money is In abundance both at Xew York and
Interior points, and there is no suggestion of ■
scarcity In the Immediate future. There has
l.een large buying of railroad bonds during the
week, the large individual transactions Indi
cating buying for large financial Interests. The
new or contemplated issues for reorganization
or refunding, bearing 3 or 4 per cent interest, I
are the favorites. '
United States twos advanced *•-.. United '
States fours and the United States registered ■
and the threes % in the bid price. '
The total sales of stocks to-day amounted to ,
181,466 shares. Including: American Sugar, 21.
--800; American Tobacco, 2S00; Anaconda. 12,3u0;
Atchison preferred, 14,000; Brooklyn Transit,
23.400; C. ,B. & Q.. 6600; C. B. & Q. rights, 10.- '
800; Consolidated Gas, 6500: Continental Tobac- '
co. 2T00; Loutsilvle and Nashville, 2100; Man
hattan. 8500; Metropolitan. 4100; Missouri Pa
cific. MOO; New York Central, 2000; Pacific
Mail, :.".■■: People's Gas, 4100; Rock Island. 4000;
St. Paul, 5900; Southern Pacific. 2000; U. S j
Rubber 2200.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 18% St Louis & S W... 13% ;
Do prefd 55 Do prefd 32** ;
Baltimore & Ohio. C 9 tit Paul i :';;■..
Canada Pacific i*6"'» Do prefd 169 " ;
Canada Southern.. 64 Bt P& om S3
Central Pacific 52 ! Do prefd 170 '■
Ches & Ohio 25% So Pacific 33 j
Chi & Aiton 160 iSo Railway 11?; '
Chi B & Q 131% 1 Do prefd 57 !
Chi & X 111 74?* .Texas & Pacific... 20
Do prefd 121 Union Pacific 43
Chi G W 14 Do prefd 76
Chi bad & L y Wabash 7%
Do prefd 38 | Do prefd 21
Chi & N W 153 W &I, E, new.... 10
Do prefd 1»2 | Do 2d prefd 2S'/4
C CC & St L 54% Express Companies-
Co prefd 95 Adams Ex 112.
Del & Hudson IIS lAmerican Ex 140
Del L A. W 166 [United States 67
DM & Rio G 22%. Wells Fargo 125
Do prefd 76 ! 2 j Miscellaneous —
Erie (new) 12% A Cot Oil 35
Do Ist prefd 34 Si Do prefd 91%
Ft Wayne IS4 Am Spirits 11*4
Ut Nor prefd 174 ' Do prefd 33 :
Hocking Val 10 Am Tobacco 105?; ;
Illinois Central 113 i Do prefd 11l
Lake Erie &. W... 16 .Cons Gas ISI
Do prefd 68 (Com Cable Co 179
Lake Shore 200 Col F & Iron 4G*i
Louis & Nash to%, Do prefd ]H3
Manhattan L Uo%;Gen Electric Us
Met St Ry 220 Haw Core Co ,100
Michigan Central. .ll3 Brooklyn R T 115
Minn & St L 58 Intl Paper 47»£
Do Ist prefd 100% Do prefd 81
Mo Pacific 43%, Laelede Gas 53
Mobile & Ohio 41 Lead 31%
Mo X & T 12% Do prefd 111 1 .
Do prefd 34% Nat Lin Oil 4%
N J Central 11l ; Pacific Mall 50%
N V Central 182^4 ■ People's Gas 119%
N V C &St L.... 13 Pullman Pal 138
Do Ist prefd 65 | Silver Certificates. Cl
Do 2d prefd 30 Standard R & T... 8%
Nor West 19% Sugar 156%
No Amer Co 11% Do prefd 117
No Pacific 50 TC & Iron 5S 1 ;
Do prefd 77 U S Leather «
Ontario & W 25% Do prefd &■'%.
Or R& N prefd.... 69% I U S Rubber 4C
Pao C Ist prefd... S3 i Do prefd IT,
Do 2d prefd 57 Western Union 31%
Pittsburg US Am B & W C 0.... «Z\
Reading 19?; Do prefd.. 97%
Do Ist prefd Federal Steel CO%
R G W 33 Do prefd 81%
[ Do prefd 77 Pac Coast S3
Rock 151and. ..:....111U Colo Southern 5%
St Louis &S F 10% Do Ist prefd 46-.
Do prefd 69 | Do 2d prefd IS%
Do 2d prefd 36 I Nor & W prefd.... 167".
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s, reg 100 MX & T 2ds 66 4
Do 3s reg 108% Do 4s 95%
Do coup 108% IN V Cent lsts ....114%
U S new 4s reg...130 N J Cent gen ss. 120
Do coup 130 North Carolina 65. 127
U S old 4s reg 111% I Do 4s 104
Do coup 113% N P lsts 120
D Sss reg 11214, Do 3s 67%
Do coup 112',,; Do 4s 10474
District 3.60s US N YC & S L 45. .107
, Ala clas A 110 Nor &\V gen 65.. 31
Do B no Nor & W con 45.. U%
Do C 100 |Or Nay lsts 11l
I Do Currency ....100 | Do 4s 103%
Atch gen 4s l(il 4 O B Line r )8 131%
Do adjt 48 £3% | Do con 5s 112%
Canada So 2dß ....111 Reading Gen 4s .. 87%
C & O 4%5.. ...... 94V; ! R G W lsts 99%
Do & 118% 5t L & I M Con ss.Hl
C& N Con 7s 144 SL& 8 F Gen C 5.125
Do deb us Vi 2 St p Con 167%
Chicago Term 45.. 102 St P C & P lsts 123 1 '.
D & R G lsts ....105%! Do 5s l'3»i
Do 4s 112%|50 Ry 5r 'no' 4
E T Va & Ga lsts. 105%: Standard R & T 6s 88'
Erie Gen 4s .... 71%|Tenn new set 3s 97U
Ft \V & D C lsts.. 85V; Tex & P lsU .. "us
Gen Elec 5s 120% Do 2ds " 55U
G II & S A 65. ...114 D P 4s Y.lmk !
Do 2ds 111% Wabash lsts .... ' 115
II & T C 6s 113 I Do 2ds ..„ 100
Do Con 6s 112% West Shore 4s ....11414
lowa Cent lets ..114?; Wis Cent lsts -;2\
X C P & G lsts .. 65% jVa Centuries 85
La new con 4s 111 Do deferred ...... 5
L & N Unl 4s .... 99% Colo So 4s 87
MINING STOCKS.
1 Ontario 7 jo ;
Chollar • 36 Ophlr 1 00 ■
Crown Point 24 Plymouth 10 '
•on Cal & Va 1 30 Quicksilver 2 00
Deadwood 50 Do- prefd 750
Gould & Curry.... 27 Sierra .Nevada 22 I
Hale & Norcrs.... 30 Standard 250
Homestake 60 00 Union ; Con 3g
Iron Silver 55 1 Yellow Jacket .... 35 1
Mexican 40 ...
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— • Union Land 8%
Call loans 3V4(34%jWest End 92'
Time loans 3%@4 Wentlngh •■ Elec .... 48%
Stocks— I Do prefd ....:.. .'64%
A T & St Fe 1««4 Wis Cent 25
Do prefd 55 '1 Bonds—
THE SAN FBAISTCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
I Amer Sugar 156% Atchison 4s 100%
Do prefd 117 Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 349% Adventure ......... 11%
Boston & Albany.2s9 Allouex Mln C 0.... 10%
Boston L 1104' Atlantic ..: .32
' Boston & Maine. ..lSl i ßoston & Mont ....362
; Chi Bur & Q 131% Butte & 805t0n.... 92
Ed Elec 200 Calumet & 11ec1a..830
i Fitchburg. prefd ..116% Centennial 41%
Gen Electric 118 (Franklin "21% j
Fed Steel 60U Humboldt 2%
Do prefd S7?; Osceola SS
M.-x Cent 14 Parrott ...65
< Mich Tel 954 Qulncy 163
Old Colony 209 Santa Fe Copper.. 14%
1 Old Dominion 43»; Tamarack '■...225
j Rubber 46' i Wlnona 15%
1 Union Pacific 41% Wolverine 45
NEW YORK'S FINANCIAL CONDITION. _
NEW YORK, May 20.— Financier says:
The heavy liquidation which marked the Stock
Exchange operations of the week, • particularly '
at the opening, Is largely responsible for the
reduction of $7,243,900 shown in the loan Item
of the current statement of the New York
clearing house banks. The reserve liability,
owing to the slight change In deposits, re
; mained at about the same figure reported for
i the previous week, so that the Increase of
$7,684,600 in cash for the most part went to
i swell the reserve, the surplus rising to $34,
--631,525, the highest point reached since the
middle of last February. In fact the various
i items corresponding to the statement made at
1 that time. The present accumulation of
funds in the clearing house institu
tions is the largest ever recorded. Of
I course the recent rapid increase has been due
1 to the settlement of the Spanish Indemnity
which involved a transfer or twenty millions,
but aside from that the interior banks have
been sending money to this center, and the
: rise in domestic exchange does not indicate
! that the movement is over by any means.
1 The piling up of money here and the conse
quent lowering of interest rates affect ster
ling exchange, but it is thought that quota
| tions will be kept, well below the exporting
'< point. The peculiarly Intrenched position of
the Treasury to regulate interest rates is not
i to be overlooked in this particular. As far
1 as significance can be attached to the cur
| rent statement, the final payment of the Span
ish fund, the stock market liquidation and
the trend of money In the Interior are the only
factors to be considered. The totals are about
I as expected and there is nothing to warrant
expectation of heavy changes for some weeks
to come.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. May 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
20,248 barrels; exports, 74,759. Dull but Steadily
held. Winter patents, So 55@4; winter straits,
$3 Co(c?3 65; Minnesota patents, $3 90&4 05; win
; ter extra, $3 60@4; Minnesota bakers, ?2 DJ'u;
3 10; "winter low grades, $2 4502 55.
'■ WHEAT— Receipts, 165,575 bushels; exports,
I 87,860. Spot, dull; No. 2 red, tJ4Uc spot and to
■ arrive 1. o. b. atioat; No. 2 red, bO-He elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 84Vio f. o. b. afloat to
arrive. Options opened steady on covering and 1
were irregular all the forenoon with. a Mown- !
ward tendency owing to good rains in the West
and liquidation at Chicago. Closed easy at a
partial V»c net decline. May, WAQMIic, closed
MV-; July, ,> 6-ltf@7B%<V closed 7t>^c; Sep
tember, 7. 7-Is®77%c, clostd 77^c; December,
1 .5 3-16<L<7S 5-ltic, closed 7.V, 4 c. 1
I iii'T.- Dull; Slate common to choice, is 1 .";
, crop, 6©7 c; 18»7 crop, 114i13c; 1898 crop, iu<gl7c;
Pacific Coast, ISSS crop, Vale; l»i)7 crop, ll^lSc;
I 1&!<S crop, 17@18c
I HIDES— California, 21©25 c
WOOL — Steady; domestic lleece, lSa23c;
1 Texas. 12@15c.
METALs — The brokers' price for lead Is $4 25
and for copper $19. The .Metal Exchange issued
110 report to-day.
• ■'! 1 i-.i-: Options closed barely steady, un
i changed to 5 points lower. Sales, L'oOO bags
including: September, $5 30; October, *0 3a®
' 5 4", February. $5 70. spot coffee— Rio, dull;
: No. 7 invoice, 6Tsc-; No. 1" Jobbing, 6;« c; mild.
I »-t''aciy, Cordova, B®ißc.
I SUGAR— Raw, quiet and firm; fair refining,
: 4' c. centrifugal, ;•-; test, 4? c; molasses ougar,
I 4c; refined, firm; No. 6, 4 l-10o; No. 7, 4%c; No.
8, 4 -l'-c, No. 9, 4Wjc; No. lv, 4 7-16 c; No. n.
4%< ; No. 12, 4 5-lCc; No. 13, 4>.;c; No. 14. 4',;c;
mold A, 5%c; standard A, 5' 4 o; confectioner
A, o-4c; cut loaf, o%e; crushed, o 7 8 c; powdered,
i'-r; granulated, 5%c; cube, o l ,ic. '
I BUTTER— Receipts, 3500 packages. Western
I creamery, 15<iilSe; factory, 11%@13c
; EGGS— Receipts, ssei packages, Firm; West
ern, l%Hc, Southern, 11%@1SC.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, May 20 California dried fruit,
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES- Common, 7@S%c;
prime wire tray, S? 4 (gSc; choice, S^yi^c- fan
cy, S»94®loc.
PRUNES — <%@9Kc,|as to size and quality
APRICOTS— 13%<g;14c; Moorpark , 14
(gibe.
I PEACHES— Unpc-eled, 9%&11% c; peeled 25
I ©28c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. May 20.— A complete break of the
1 drought in Kansas started wheat weak, and
with the exception of a feeble rally during the
first hour on foreign buying, the market ruled
' dull throughout with prices a shade under
yesterday's closing. Predictions of a freer
movement In the. Northwest in the face of a
poor cash demand, had a depressing influence.
I July opened Vj'ic lower, dosed with a loss
1 of -»iJ' /t c.
I Delayed seeding and fears of damage owing
I to unseasonable weather strengthened corn.
July closed J4c higher.
Oats followed wheat. July closed unchanged.
Selling by packers and large prospective re
ceipts weakened provisions. July pork and rib|
declined -'-c each and lard He.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
i Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2-
May 72% 72?; 72?» 72?;
: July '■■'■» ::i-.» 73?» 73^
September 73% 7i% 73' /4 -73%
<-'••! 11 No. —
: May 32? i 32?; 32% 32%
July S3>« 33% Xi 23%
September „ 33?; 34 33% 34
--| Oats No. 2—
May 20?* 27 26?; :27
I July 23% 23% I' 3 23%
| September 20% 21 20% 'Ml*
Mess Pork, per barrel-
July 8 22*4 825 S2O 820
September 8 'X, !> 37% 835 835
Lard, per 100 pounds —
July 5 12% 5 12% 5 32% 0 12%
September 0 27% 5 27% 525 525
Short Ribs, per IWJ pounds —
July 4 72% 4 72% 4 67% 470
September 485 485 4 82% 4 82%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, dull; winter patents, $3 6053 70
--straights, $3 So©3 40; clears, $;! lUU3 20; spring
specials, $-1 20; patents. $3 30@3 70; straights
$2 80fa-3 10: bakers', $2 20(<i2 50; No. 2 spring
wheat, 72^(&74c; No. 3 spring wheat. 67@73c;
No. 2 red, 75@76%c; No. 2 corn, 33Uc; No 2
j oats. 2<V t te27?4c; No. 2 white, 30<U.11c; -No. 3
I white, 29£&Oc; No. 2 rye, 62c; No. 2 barley 35iM
41c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1030103%; prime timothy
Feed, $2 25; mess pork, per barrel, $8 15@8 2U;
lard, per 100 pounds, $5 05@S 07%; short rib
sides, loose, $4 50@4 M); dry salted shoulders,
boxed, 4%®4%c; short clear sides, boxed, $4 iii
4i5; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal
lon, |l 26. ■_ j
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 8,000 9,000
Wheat, bushels 17,000 56,000
Corn, bushels 99,000 493,000
Oats, bushels 272,000 279.000
Rye. bushels 6.000 6.000
Barley., bushels 7,000 2,000
j On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
1 market was weak; creamery, 12@17%c; dairy
lOi&'iec. Eggs, steady; fresh, 12*i<Ui2c. Cheese'
steady; creams, 9©lo?ic
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July. Sept-
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday. .
I PARIS FUTURES.
■Wtioat— May. Sept.-Dec
Opening 20 75 20 25
Closing 20 75 20 25
Flour —
Opening 43 78 27 85
Closing 4375 27 «G
: - . EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, May 20. -CATTLE— The limited
supply of cattle to-day was quickly disposed
of at former prices; fancy grades, $5 60@5 60;
choice steers, $6 25®fi 45; medium, $4 50<6»4 95;
cows and heifers, $3 C0@4.25; bulls, $3@4 60-
Western fed steers, $4 Go#s; calves, $4 50@7 60 '
HOGS— was an active demand for hogs
at unchanged prices. Fair to choice, $3 854i4
--heavy packers, $3 60©3 82%: mixed, $3 65@3 87%
--lights, $3 70(33 92%; pigs, *3 SS@3 75. -
SHEEP — The offerings of sheep were too few
to make a market, and prices were pretty much
nominal.
• Receipts— Cattle, 300; hogs, 1S.00O; sheep, 1000.
FOREIGN MABKETS. '
LONDON, May 20.— Silver. 28; French Rentes,
102f 35d; wheat cargoes off. coast/ buyers In
different; cargoes on passage, rather easier; No
1 Standard California, 28sN I'd.
LIVERPOOL, May 20.— Holiday. Wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady.
LONDON STOCK MARKET.
LONDON. May 20.— Stock Exchange- closed
to-day.
Bar Silver firm at 28d per ounce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, en days f $4 86^4
Sterling Exchange, sight *- 4 sBVk
: Sterling Cables — 4 89V 4
New York Exchange, sight — 15
; New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17V4
Mexican Dollars — 60
i Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Chicago market was easy un
der heavy and concentrated selling. The local
market was unchanged.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 06@l 06%; milling,
$1 08%@l 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— : — December —
2000 ctls. $115. . " >
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 15%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 6ooo
ctls, $1 15%;. 2000,. $115%; 22,000, $115%. ..:', -
BARLEY— The market was dull and steady
at unchanged prices. j
h Feed fc $1 10@l 12%; Brewing, $1 15@1 17% per
ctl. * • . .
} S CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — sales. -
. Second Session No sales.
Regular Morning — December — 4ooo ctls,
91% c. Seller '99. new— 4ooo, 87% c; 6000, 87% c
OATS— DuII and unchanged. But . few are
coming in, and apparently but few are wanted.
Fancy Feed. $1 47%®1 50 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 42%@1.47%: common. $1 37%@1 40;
Surprise, $1 50; Gray. $1 35@1 45; Milling, $1 45®
150 per ctl; Red, $1 33©1 40; Black, $1 30Jj»
1 32%.
CORN— A decline in small round yellow is the
only change. The market is dull.
Small round Yellow, $1 30@l 35; Eastern
large Yellow,- $1 12%@1 15; White, $1 16© 1 17%;
mixed, $1 10 per ctl; California White, nomi
nal.
RYE— 02% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 60; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 45 per bbl for extra,
$?, 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 30@2 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol- j
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham !
Flour, J3 25 per 100 lt>s: Rye Flour, J2 75; Rye ;
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex- j
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50@4 7j; j
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25<g3 50; Buck- I
wheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat $3 75- !
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled' I
Oats (barrels), Jti 55<g6 95; in sacks $6 35Q6 75- !
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas. $4 50; Green Peas'
J5 per 100 Its.
HAY AND FEEDSTTJFFS.
A car of new Volunteer Oat Hay, mixed with
Chevalier Barley, snld at $6 50 per ton. The
market continues dull, but the feeling is firmer,
owing to the present light receipts.
Bran and Middlings are unchanged.
BRAN— *lti ;.0&17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50® 20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFK— RoIIed Barley, $23@24 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25026 SO; lob
blng. $27 60; Cocoanut Cake, $21i§72; Cornmeal i
$23 50«24 50; Cracked Corn. $24©35; Mixed ;
freed, $15!ijT>; Cottonseed Meal, $24^26 per ton
HAY— Wheat. *10fil2 for good to choice and !
$7 50fg9 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat. *7« I
STRAW — 2f>(ii Me per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Then* ls no change to report. The market is
dull all around.
BEAMS— Bayoa, $1 40!fl 50; Small White. $1 90
(52 10; Large Whites. $1 50®l 60; Pinks. $1 70@
1 SO; Reds, $3 50; Blaekeye, $4 103T4 25; Butters
nominal; Llmas, $3;io£4 05; Pea, $2 25ii,2 40- Red
Kidneys, $2 2602 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%©Se: Flax, nominal; Canary Seed
2He per Tb ; Alfalfa, 8%®9%c; Rape, 3«3%c;
Hemp, i<JH\ic; Timothy. i\r<f-,y. c .
DRIED PEAS-Nlles. $1 75jjJ; Green, $2 10®
2 35 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Rpceipts were 630 boxes Asparagus, 215 boxes
Rhubarb, 300 sacks Peas, 178 sacks Beans and
1438 boxes and 411 sacks new Potatoes.
The Panama steamer brought up about 550
boxes Mexican Tomatoes and 200 boxes Chile
Peppers.
Old Potatoes are firm, but new are rather!
weaker. Onions are as before.
There are riu changes In Vegetables worthy I
of note.
POTATOES- $1 25® 150 for River Fairbanks;
Oregon. $1 26@1 75; New Potatoes, l@l%c per
lb lti sacks and $I@l CO for Rivers in boxes.
ONIONS— OId are nominal; new. i's4*4Oc per
sack for Red.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 60c@$1 25 ppr box
for No. 2. $1600175 for No. 1 and $2©2 50 for
fancy: Rhubarb. 25@60c per box for common
and 75c@$t for good to choice; Green Peas, $1
'<; 1 50 per sack for common and 2%c for Garden-
String Beans from !.,, s Angeles, s®6c for green I
and Wise for Golden Wax; String Beans from
Vacaville, 6®Bc for Green and 7©9 c for Wax;
Horse Beans. 50c<?i$l per sack: Cabbage $1 40;
Tomatoes, 22@2 85 per box; Egg Plant, 12% c
per lb; Garlic. ,Vu He for new; Dried Okra.
15c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers
10015 c: Carrots. Ss@3sc per sack; Hothouse Cu
cumbers, 40c@$l per dozen; Sacramento Cu
cumbers, BOc; ntarysville Cucumbers $3 per
box. Summer Squash, %Vij.l 25 per box.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Several rars of Eastern are announced for the
early part of the week.
POtJIiTRY— Live Turkeys. 12<513c for Gob
blers and 13r ( :14c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 50; Gosling*", $2; Ducks. $4 504r5 50 for old and
15 6097 for young; Hens, $4 5005 50; young
Roosters, $7©S GO; old Roosters, $4 60@5; Fryers
$SO6 r.O. Broilers, $4 5006 60 for large. $2 su®
?. 50 for small: Pit-eons. 32 26®2 50 per dozen for
old and $2'<(2 50 for Squabs.
GAME-- Hare. $1; Rabbits, $125 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Cheese is dull nnd weak at the decline al
ready noted. Butter and Eggs have shown no
change for some days,
BUTTER-
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 16V4@17c; sec
onds, 16c.
Dairy— Fancy, lEe; good to choice, 13£14<4c:
store. 11012 c per lb. -~ ™.
CHEESE -Choice mild new, 9c; old, 8c;
Young America. 10c; Eastern, incise.
EGGS— Quoted at 15<&16c for store and 17®18c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16V£@17c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 2127 boxes Cherries and 793
chests Strawberries.
The assortment of Summer Fruits is slowly
Increasing as the reason advances. Peaches,
Apples, Cherry Plums, Apricots and Currants
came in yesterday in addition to the other
fruits. ■ With the exception of Strawberries,
which showed the usual Saturday advance,
prices remained unchanged.
Citrus Fruits continued quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, $1 60©2 50 for fair to good and $3®3 50
for choice to fancy; Green Apples, 7:>c<isl per
box.
BERRlES— Gooseberries, 2.'c per drawer and
2@3e per lb in bulk: Blackberries from New
castle, $1 CO per crate; Strawberries, $-(-./ 7 per
chest for small and $3 .■"■•■'>* -f 60 for large ber
ries; Raspberries, 50@85c per drawer; Newcastle
Raspberries, $1 25@] 75 per crate.
Currants, 50c@$l per drawer.
Cherries, 30@30c for red, 40@65c for white. 75c
&%i for Royal Anne and 60c@$1 per box' for
black: black, In bulk, GgSc; white, 3%@5c Der
lb; Royal Anne, 6@7c.
Apricots, per crate and $1 75<ff2 per box
Peaches. $2®2 50 per box.
Cherry Plums, $1 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 2303 7;
per box; Seedlings. $1 25512 25: Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 R0«?2 25; Lemons, $1 25© i 50 for com
mon and $2^2 50 for good to choice- Mexican
Limes, $4 50; California Limes, 80@75c per
small box: Grape Fruit. 11 60<?f2 50 Bananas
'$1 50®2 per bunch; Pineapples, $3®4 D er
dozen. " ■:■_,.■
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
There will probably be no change worthy of
note until the new crop comes forward.
DRIED FRUITS-Prunes. 7c for 40-50' s 50
6%e for 50-60' s, 4@4%c for 60-70 s. 3'A@3%o for
70-80' 2%@3Vic for 80-90' 3. >HOHtq for 90-100'
and 2@2%c for 100-110'b; Peaches SUig^Un or
good to choice, io@io^,c for fancy and"l4«lsc for
peeled: Apricots. 12^@13c for Royals and 14315 c
for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples. 9@9Uc- gun
dried, out: Black Figs, out; Plums, nominal
l^c for unpltted and 4U@«c for pitted; Pears'
3i??9c, according to color, etc. -
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 6%c for four-crown, 4'4©6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes. 2%<ffi3c
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb: Walnuts. 's@Bc
for hardshell, 10@llc for softshell; Almonds 83
9c for hardshell. 12i813c for softshell, 14<?16c for
papershell; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern and 4V.«
Be for California; Cocoanuts. $4 60@5.
HONEY— 10@llc for bright and 809 c
for lower grades; water white extracted 7W®
7%c; light amber extracted. 7c; dark, s@s'/»o
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S@27e per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The activity continues at firm but unchanged
prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, Sc per lb for heavy,
B%@9c for light medium, 10V4@llc for light, 12c
for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, ll@ll%c; California
Hams. 10@10M>c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl: extra
Mess Beef. $14; Family Beef. $ir>@ls 50; extra
prime Pork, $12: extra clear, $1S; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%@5%c per lb for
compound and 7'.^@7^ic for pure; half barrels,
pure. Re: 10-lb tins. SHe; 5-lb tins. B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6%®6%c; packages.
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 60 in a case, 9V4c;
3-11) palls, 20 In a case. S%c; r.-lb palls. 12 In a
case, B%c; 10-lb pails. 6 in a case, B%c; 50-1
tins, .1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, SVtc; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110.1b5,-7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
.The demand for Wool continues fair at steafly
quotations. Hides and Hops show no change.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 1c under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers", 10c; medium, 9@9V4c; light, BV4c; Cow
hides. 9c; Stags, 6@6Vic; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 15G15Mc; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, . 10@30c each; short
Wool. 35@60c each; medium, 70®90c; long Wool,
9Oc@st 10 each: Horse Hides, salt. $1 75@2 25
for large and $1 for small; Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. <@4%c per lb;
No. 2, 3\4©3%c; refined, : grease, 3c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquln and
Southerns. 7 months, 7@9c; year's staple, 6@Bc;
Foothill and Northern' free, 10@12c: Foothill
and. Northern defective, 8@10c: Nevada, 9@l2c;
Humboldt and Mr ndoclno, ll@l2o.
Fall Wools- ' ■ v
Northern 1 M0untain........... ....7 ®8c
Southern '.. ....... 6%@7c
Plains : 6%<56c
• HOPS— IB 93 crop. 10@Uo per lb for ordinary,
' 12@12%0 lor good and 13^150 for choice to
fancy from first hands. : ' 7
•'- BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
Hogs are easy at the recent decline. Beef con
tinues firm.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7%@S%c per lb lor Steers and 6V4@7c
I for Cows.
VEAL^B@BV.c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7'a7<*c; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— B@BHc per lb. . <:,■.'«•
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%@514c for small, 5-%(g.
. 5%c for. medium and si@s%c for large; stock
Hogs ana Feeders, 4Va'sc; dresses Hogs, 7
<88V4c
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 5^4@5%c for June
and July; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San Quentln
Bags, $4 95. :
COAL— Wellington, JS per ton: New Welling
ton. $3; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, J6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; 11 send, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 50 in bulk and $9 5C
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 114;
' Cannel, $8 60 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
j Gate. $7 60; Coke, Jl2 per ton In bulk and $14
I In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
i pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6}; c:
Powdered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
i Granulated. 5%c; Confectioners' A, 5V4c: Call-
I fornia A, sc; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%c;
! Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more, half barrels.
%c more; boxes. %c more; 50-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. *
PACIFIC CODFISH— The schooner Winchest
er is in with a cargo of new fish from Sannak
Island, Alaska,
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, May 20.
Flour, qr sks 9,920 Sugar, sks 2,000
Wheat, ctls 1,800 Sugar, bbls 1,315
Barley, ctls 1,890 Lime, bbls- 273
I Oats, ctls . 310 Hay, tons ....... ,120
Corn, ctls 370 Straw, tons 5
! Butter, ctls 46-"> Wool, bags 1,002
i Cheese, ctls 57 Hides, No 668 .
| Tallow, ctls Pelts, bdls 75
Potatoes, sks .... 2,371 Wine, gals 31,100
Onions, sks 500 iEggs, doz 19,980
Bran, sks 2.'." j Quicksilver, flks. 1
Middlings, sks... 525 1 Leather, rolls .... 2SI
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 10,7521 Potatoes, sks 243
Oats, ctls 3Mi I
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were active, but the only change
j worthy of note was a slight rise In Contra
Costa Water to $70 50.
Mining stocks were severed cents weaker and
dull. The telegram fromthe pump said: "Sec
ond elevator is working steadily. The water
is ISI feet 7 inches below the 1750-foot level and
207 feet 7 Inches below the Sutro tunnel drain
b^xes. The caps of the K'so-foot station axe
now in Bight."
The Potosi assessment falls delinquent in
board to-morrow.
The regular monthly dividends of the Hutch
inson Plantation •Company and Spring Valley
Water Company were paid yesterday.
The Dear Trail Mining Company No. 2 of
1 Washington paid a dividend of |2500 on the
j 15th. making 12 in all. or $30,000.
The Osceola Consolidated Mining Company of
Michigan will pay a dividend of $3 per fharo
on June 15. This is $1 per share more than
pre\ toils dividends.
•The Reddik Mining Company of Nevada
County has levied an assessment of i cents
per share, delinquent June lit.
The delinquency In office of the assessment
of 15 (■•• nts j.rr share on the Texas Gold Mining
Company has been postponed to June It, and
the day of sale to June 29.
The Arastraville Mining Company of Tuo
lurane County has levied an assessment of 10
■ ■cuts per share, delinquent June 19.
The Marina Marsicano Gold Mining Company
of Shasta County liap levied an assessment of
5 cents per share, delinquent June 14.
At a meeting of the Heard of liirectors, May
16, the Mount Shasta Gold Mines Limited, de
clared a dividend of $6000, being the flrst divi
dend of the company. The mine* are located
in Shasta County and comprise thirteen in num
ber, or about 250 acres of land.
Instructions have been sent to Foreman 11..1
--man from the ••fllce of the Consolidated Cali
fornia and Virginia Mining Company to start
H.»me exploratory work at the most convenient
points in the ground which has been recovered
through drainage between the 1750-foot and
1860-foot levels of the mine. This work will h.
the first of the kind attempted since the water
wan pumped up out of the deep levels of the
lode.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY— May 20, 12 m.
Bid. Ask.. : ■ Bld.A.«k.
Bonds— iEqult GL. Co. 7 —
4s quar c0up. .114 — Mutual El Co. 10% 16
4b quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. — 46>4
4s quar new. .129 130 ! lac Gas Imp.. — 69
3s quar coup..lus — Pac LCo — 46
Miscellaneous— S F G »V E.... 66% «7'i
CaUst Cab 5b. 117 — San' Fran 2% 3%
Cal Elec L. 65.125W127% Stockton Gas.. — Is%
C C Wat u5.... — 113 I Insurance —
Dup-»t ex c... — — Flrem's Fund. 222 —
X L & V 85...130%131K| Bank Stocks—
V& Cl Ry 65. 115% — •Arwrlo-ral '. — R7%
Geary-Bt R 6b. — 100 Bank of CaJ.. 265
II C & S 5%5.W2% _ Cal S D & T. — 99
■LARy us 107% 108 misi \atlonl..2?o
L. A L. Co tis..iul'-, — Lon P & A.. .131 132
Do gntd 6<>..101% — j Mer Exchange —
Market-st 85...125H — Nev Nat 8k... — 190
Do Ist M ss. — 118 | Savings Hanks—
NCN >; X Vs. 10$ - Ger S & L.1600 1640
N Ry Cal 65..11G% — |Hum 8 & L.1050 1160
NR of Cal Gs.ll3UH4Vi Mutual Say.. — 41%
Nl'C R R 6s. — 108 S F Say U.. 500 — '
NPC It R ss. 103-? i — S& L, 50.... — 91%
j N Cal It R ss. 11l — Security S B 300 150 "
Oak Gas a5. ...11l — Union T Co. — 1466
Om C Ry 65. .127 130 Street Railroads—
P&CI Ky 6s. 107 — California 116 —
P&O 6s 117 — (Vary &7« —
Powell-st 65... — 122% Market-st .... 63 63%
Sac El Ry ss. — — I oak SL,& H. — —
SF& X P C 5.116 Presidio — 17
S F & S .(Vis. Hi no I Powder—
SlerraßCal 6»..108% — |r lifnrnia .. iw li~u,
SPof Ar .114 — iE Dynamite... 87% 95 "
P C 6s (1*05) — 112 I Giant Con Co. 77% 77'
SPC 6s (1906) — — Vlgorit 4 4%
SPC 6s (1912) — — | .-ugar—
SPCIs eg 55. 10*4 — liana P C 0.... 17% 17«4
PBr 65...... 123 — Haw C& S C.116% —
S V Water 6s. — 116!* Hutch S P C. 34% 34%
S V Water 45.W4 — Kllauea S Co,. 32 33
S V W45(3dm).102%103 / Onomea S Co. 44% 44' i
Stktn Gas 65..102%105 / Paauhau S P. 42% 42>i
liter Stock! j Miscellaneous-
Contra Costa.. 70% 71 'Al Pac Ap5n..112% —
,Mann '" •" . Uier Lit \\ks..2s<) —
Spring Valley. lol%lo2 Mer Ex A^n.. '>0 _
lias ami biecirii.- j Oceanic S Co.. 90 —
Capital Gas... — — •■ pac A F A.... 2Vi —
Central (1 Co.. — — Pac S Bor C 0.120. 120 • —
Cent L & P... — 7% Par Paint Co.. 1% —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Assn US 00
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 112 87%
50 Contra Costa Water 70 00 "
101) Contra Costa Water 70 12%
ISO Contra Costa Water 70 25
130 Contra Costa Water TOGO
76 Equitable Gas 7 12%
2.". Giant Powder Con .....77 50
200 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
10 Hawaiian Commercial & 5ugar...;.. 117 00
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 34 62%
50 Market Street Railway 63 00
7:. Mutual Electric Light 15 75
20 Oceanic S'S Co 90 00
90 Paauhau S P Co 42 12%
•85 Paauhau S P Co 42 00'
56 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 66 75
120 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 67 00
25 San Francisco Gaslight 3 37%
200 Vigorlt Powder 4 00
Street—
50 L. P & A Bank 130 50
DO San Francisco Gas &■ Electric C 0.... 66 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board — ".'•;■
30 Spring Valley Water 101 75
15 Oceanic s S Co 90 50
25 Oceanic S S Co 90 37%
100 Vigorit Powder 4 00
40 Hutchinson S P Co 34 62%
30 Hutchinson S P Co 34 75
50 Paauhau 8 P Co 42 25
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 118 00
CO Onemea Sugar Plantation Co 44 87%
40 Oceanic S S Co 90 50
CO Paauhau B P Co 42 25
50 Vigorlt Powder 4 12%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: ■'";■:,'
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 51 100 Ophlr 10'
1000 Bullion 06 800 Potosi 26
100 Caledonia 59 200 Potosi 25
. 350 Caledonia .. 62 200 Union Con .... 43
, 200 Con Cal & Val 70-200 'tan 16
100 Occidental 26 100 Yellow Jacket. 40
1 Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ,
"Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 51 150 Confidence ....105
200 Bullion ........ 07 1 100 Crown Point .. 28
300 Caledonia 62> 800 Crown Point .. 29
200 Caledonia ...... 60 1 '.ICO Hale & Norcrs 34
200 Chollar 31 200 Ophir ...107%
200 Con Cal & V.I 67% 200 Savage 23
50 Confidence .... 99 ' 200 Sierra Nevada. ■ 73
> ■
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, May 20—1* m.
Bid. Ask. ! Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 06iKentuck 04 07
Altß 06 OS i Lady Wash 01 02
Andes 09 10 ' Mexican 43 44
BeU'her 34 3Ti: Occidental 2f> 26
Best & Belcher 49 50 Ophir 1051 10
Bullion — 07 1 Overman — is
Caledonia 59 61iPotosi 2-S 2H
Chollar 29 30 Pavaffe 2S 25
Challenge Con. 34 —.Scorpion — 03
Confidence 1001 05 Seg Belcher ... 03 04
Con Cal & Va.l 65 170 Sierra Nevada. 76 77
Con Imperial... 01 02 Silver Hill .... — 03
Crown Point... 29 30, Syndicate * 05 —
Con New York. — 02 Standard 275 —
Exchequer — 03 St Louis 05 —
Gould & Curry SO 31 -Union Con 42 44
Hale & Norcrs 33 35 Vtah 15 16
Julia 02 03 1 Yellow Jacket. 40 41
Justice 19 21l
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week.
Name of^toclT j~M. jT. (W.I T. |F.) S.
Alpha 07 06 06 041 05 04
Alta 08 07 07 07 08 06
Andes 08 08 09 07 09 09
Belcher 39 36 37 35 37 35
Best & Belcher 57 53 53 51 62 51
Bullion 06 07 061 06 0$ 06
Caledonia 51 56 45| 44 60 63]
Challenge 34 32 35| 33 3» 34
Chollar 34 31 30 [ 29 1 31 30
Con Cal & Va 1 70 1 55 1 •">> 1 45 1 45,1 70
Confidence 95| 96,1 00|1 05
Crown Point 30 27 27 26 28 29
Gould & Curry 35 33 31 -1. '■'■- : '
Hale & Norcross 37 36 33 33, 84 33
Justice 22 20 IS I>, 21 19
Mexican 54 48 47J 45; 46 43
Ophir 1 30 1 15 1 10 1 05,1 15 1 05
Overman 20 17 14l 13 19|....
Occidental 35 34 31 27| 28 26 j
Potosi 29 28 26 26 1 26 26
Savage 26 24 23 2::
Standard 2 7527527527527"- f5
Sierra Nevada 95 87 79 76| SOi 79
I'nlon 46 43 48 1 42 4fl 43
I'tah IS 16 15| 15! 16: 16
Yellow Jacket | 42 ! 41' 40] 36; 41 41
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Wlllard V. and Marie L. Huntingdon to
William H. Grlswold, lot E line of Sixteenth
avenue, 200 S of B street, E 127:6, '£ 25:9%, S i
87 degrees 30 minutes W 127:7%, X 24:4; $10.
Myrtil Blum to A. E. Blum, lot on SE corner
of Thirty-fourth avenue and C street, S 600
by E 120; $10.
Cathie Regensburger to Henrietta I. Selby,
lot on W line of Thirty-third avenue, 212:3
B of R street, S 250 by NW 240:6; $10.
William and C. T. Nlcol to Michael Cooney,
lot on W line of Goettingen street, 56:6 S of
Silver, , S 100 by W 120, lot 1, block 26, Uni
versity Mound, quitclaim deed; $1.
Michael and Catherine Cooney to Luigi Bot
tano, same; $5.
Minnie Flannagan to Roman Catholic Orphan '
Asylum (a corporation), lot on S\V line of Sev
enteenth avenue, 100 NW of Q street, NW 25
by SW 100, block 344, ON. and H. Tract; $500. ,
Wells, Fargo & Co. to Martin T. Cooney, ;
lot on N line of Highland (Plymouth) street, ;
225 E of Patton, E 25, N 105:6. NW 105:6, NW
25:6, S 110:7, lot 3, block 2, Holly Park; $10.
Edward B. and Tillie I. Read to Elizabeth I
Hammersmith, lot on E line of Fillmore street,
82:6 N of Post, N 25 by E 93; $10.
Stella W. Belcher (wife of E. A. Belcher) to
Evangeline M. Thompson (wife of W. M.
Thompson), lot on N line of Green street, 137
E of Devlsadero, E 32 by N 137:6; $10.
Calvin E. and Janet Knickerbocker to .Wil
liam J. McKee, lot on W line of Ashbury j
street, 150 N of Fell, N 25 by W 106:3; (8500.
F. Earle Rich to James 11. Bennett, lot on
NW corner of Clay and Spruce streets, W 37 ;6
by N 100; HO.
Horatio and Mary E. Beverldge (by E. B.
Pond and H. C. Campbell, trustees of the San
Francisco Savings Union) to San Francisco
Savings Union, 1655 d 214, lot on W line of '
Ashbury street, 292:3 S of Waller, S 25 by
W 186:3; $4200.
William. W. T.. J. J. and Mary E. Mc-
Cafferty to W. W. Chase, lot on \V line of i
Mission street, 86 N of Twenty-first, N 30 by i
W 165; $5.
Margaret K. and James Smith to John Mas- |
sey, lot on W line of San Carlos avenue, 160 i
N of Twentieth N 25 by W 75; $10.
Florence R. Frtsbee and C. W. Burgess to
Bertha E. Burgess (wife of C. W. Burgess),
lot on E line of No-* street, 77:6 o of Four
teenth, B 25 by E 105; $10. '
Florence R. Frisbee and Alfred Hawkins to
Christina V. Hawkins (wife of A. Hawkins),
lot on E line of Noe street, 102:6 S of Four
teenth, S 25 by E 105; $10.
Cathe McGorry and Pauline Nathan (by B.
P. Oliver, commissioner) to Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society, lot on W line of Alabama
street, 104 « of Twenty-fourth, S 26 by W 100;
$1361. ;.
William A. Patterson (by B. P. Oliver, com
missioner) to same, lot on N line of Elizabeth
street. 105 E of Castro, E 75 by N 114; $2400
Charles K. Haseltlne to Charles W. and Har
riet R. Haseltine, lot on SB corner of Sansome
and Green streets, E 138:3, S 50, W 0:9, b 4,
W 137:6, N 54; $1.
Oliver Eldrldge to Almira Eldridge, lot on
W line of Mason street, 127:6 S of Sutt>-r, S
10 by W 117:6; gift.
Estate Juana V. Pettenatl (by Isaac Car
cass, executor) to Patrick Casey, "lot on N line
of Bernard street, 137 E of Leavenworth, E 23
by N 60; $1400.
James and Margaret K. Smith to William J.
Wright, lot on NW line of Clementina street,
150 NE of Fourth. NE 35 t>y NW 80; $10.
Russell P. Reed to Jean M. Reed, undivided
one-half of lot on E line of Thirty-sixth avenue,
250 X of I) street, N 50 by E 120; $5.
Charles P. and Maggie C. Robbins to Albert
E. Holloway, lot on S line of Lobos avenue, I
380 W of Capitol street, W 25 by S 125; $10.
Andreas Campe (by Albert Miller, attorney)
to Thomas C. Towns, lot I to 3, block 22, i
Sunnyvale Homestead Association; $10.
Same to Susan Gilllgan, lot 12 to 14, block !
22, same, $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany (executor estate Nils Axel Waldeman
Brunskog, 01 Axelbrunskog) to Charles Witten- I
burg, lot 2, block W, Park Lane Tract Map
Book No. 2; $700.
Emma Neary to Christian Schweitzer, lot on '
S line of Norton street, 250 W of Telegraph
road, W 25 by S 100, lot 25, block 2, Academy
Tract; $10.
Alameda County.
Oakland Investment Co. (a corporation) to
The Realty Syndicate, lots 1 to 16, IS to 27,
block A, lots 12 to 16, block B. lots 1 to 3,
block C, lots 1 to S. block D, lots 1 to 9, block
E, lots 1 to 12, 15, 23 and 24, the N 30 feet of
lot 16, the S 15 feet of lot 22, the N 30 feet of
lot 25. block F. lots 4 to 7, 11, 12, 13 and the I
S 20 feet of lot 8, block G. map of Stanford !
Tract, Oakland; also beginning at W corner
plat 23 Rancho V. and D. Peralta, thence along
line between plats 25 and 19 NE 1662 feet to
common corner said plat to S line plat 17.
thence SE M 3:9 feet to W line Pleasant Valley
Tract, thence SW 1669:2 feet to SW boundary
line plat 23, thence NW 814:9 feet to beginning,
(subject to mortgage), Oakland; $ .
H. B. and Luna P. Griffith to Ida Wagner,
lot on W line of Chapel street, 330 X of Ban- j
croft way, N 50 by W 137:1*4. being portion lots
1 and 3, block 5, map of Villa Lots joining the |
University Site on the south; (subject to deed |
of trust for $3000), Berkeley; $10.
William and Ida A. Clark to Ida Waener,
lot 21 and E half of lot 20, block P, Harmon
Tract, (subject to mortgage for $300), Berke
ley; $10.
.Andrew Carlson to Helen Carlson, lot on N
line of Woolsey.st., 64 W of Grove, W 81 by N ■
135:3, being lots 2 and 11, block 6, Central Pant
Tract, Berkeley; gift.
Otto and Frances Mueller to Edward F. S.
Gentzen. undivided half interest in lots 109 and
110. Gallndo Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Peter and Sarah M. Thomson to Joseph H.
Simpson, lot on N line of Thirty-sixth street,
625 W of Telegraph avenue, W 1:6 by N 150,
Oakland; $10..
B. G. Vinzent to Julia A. Bray, lot on NW
corner of Lincoln and Willow streets, . W 35
by N 23:6. being S 23:6 feet of lots 14 and 15,
block B. Oakland Point Homestead Tract Oak
land; $10.
William Corbln to Bertha L. Rutherford, lot
on E line of College street. 157:7 S of Florlo
S 129:5, E 359:5. N 120. W 310:11 to beginning,'
lot 19. White Tract, Oakland; $10.
Virginia McLean to Marie A. Kelly, lot on
N line of Fairvlew street, 90 E of Calais E
60 by N 135. being lot 8 and E 10 feet of lot 9.
block E. subdivision of S portion of Harmon
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Scenic Park Realty Company to H. P. .Tohn
ron. lot 19, block 13, Daley's Scenic Park
Berkeley; $10.
i James and Mary L.. Mason to Thomas L
Fleming, lot on XW corner of Parker street
and lllllpga.es avenue, W 159.4S by N 63.64 be
ing lot 15. block C, Illllegasa Tract map 3
Berkeley; $100. '
Thomas L. and Bessie C. Fleming to Frank
H. Huddart, lot on NW corner of Parker street
and Hillegass avenue, W 79.74 by N 63 64 be
ing the E half of lot 15. block C, same; $100
Adalbert and Josephine Bartlett to E D
Macdonald. lot 17. block K. map of Andrew
Jones subdivision of Brooklyn Township (sub
ject to mortgage); $t
Edwin J. Sherman to Clinton H. Ball lot on
£ corner of Lenox and Quigley streets 'ne 135
by NW 50, being lot 12. block A, subdivision
Or $100 n of Quigley Tract . Brooklyn Town
iS. M. and Alice E Dod se to Mary E. Jones
i&n^ftS. b O O a C kUd. re $ liSedI iSed ---—
Daniel P. Hqcking to Henry. C. and George
H. Brown, the E half of lot 66 map of Pi tie
Theological Seminary Tract. Oakland; *',
Emily\ J. and William T. Hnlliday to Paul
B. Curtis, lot on 8 line of Hobart street. 162-8
W of Broadway. W 50 by s 105:6 subject to -i
mortgage for $SOO, Oakland; $1550
B. C. Blpeiow to S. a. Green, lot on SE line
of Howe street. S6 SW of Amethyst, SW 35 by
SE 125, being lot 36 and adjoining 5 feet of lot
T O ra C b t I . OC O ak Irl1 r 1 0 nal HUI - f °™ erl >' the HOWe
Matilda A. Daly to Josiah Garratt lot on S
corner nt Maple street and Baker avenue sw
150 by se 185.60. beings lota so to 3S. Santa iv
Tract. Berkeley; $10. ■■■•..-
V. R. and .i a. Parker to curry Diokson lots
22 to 26, man of rerabdlvlded lots i to •11 of
Baker's subdivision, lot 1, Yoakum Tract
Brooklyn Township; $10.
H. C. Morris to Lucy Barker, lot on X corner
of Bay View avenue and Chestnut street, NE
150 by NW 141, being lots 1, 2 and 3. block 15
Wnrner Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Delos and Harriet A. Pratt to Frank A. Pratt
lots 5 and i; In subdivision C. Frultvale Ter
minal Trnct, subject to a mortgage for $300, :
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Sarah Seal to Jennie R. Hartzell (wife of J.
w.), lot 20. block li. Latham' Terrace, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
C E. and Lena C. Frlsble to Thomas O'Con- '
nor, lot 29. block 2108, Alden Tract at Temes
cal. Oakland: $10. . ;
Cary Howard (trustee for Mary A. Leach) to I
P. A. MoC.lnness, 663 d 1. lot on E line of Wil- :
low street, 104 N of Railroad avenue, N 26 by i
E 111:8. being lot 5, block 526, Gibbons property
nt Oakland Point, trustee's deed, Oakland;
$1400.
Francolse Houette to Ernest Drown, lot on S
line of Forty-eighth street at NW corner lot
lfi. block 2118, Alden Tract at Temescal, W. 100 I
by S inn, being lots IS and 16, block 211S, Alden
Tract at Temescal, subject ■to certain agree
ment, Oakland; gift.
John A. Johnson to John A. Bengtson, lots 2,
3 and 4, block M, Golden Gate Tract, Oakland;
no. ;- ■.:■- ■ -.j- ,
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrogrraphlo
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
■ mariners, without regard to nationality and
j free of expense.
; Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on, hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding:
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market steret, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, I2oth meridian by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the I'nited States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
! on time or Riving the error, if any. Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
C G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. U. B. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the city fror.t (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, MAY 21.
Sun rises * 4:53
Sun sets 7:19
Moon rises , 2:12 a. m.
O ITime! ITime Time Time]
5. t Ft. ' Ft. ! Ft. I ! Ft.
!» |L W H W L W H Wi
1 1
21 ... 2:151 o.t' 9:17 3.9| 2:00 2.3 8:35 5.7
21 ... 2:45 0.9| 9:17 3.9 2:00 2.3 8:33 5.7
22 ... 3:2;' 0.21 10:14 4.1 2:43 2.6 9:06, 5.9
23 ... 4:02!— ->..*. 11:05 4.8 3:26 2.8 9:41 6.1
24... 4:451—0.81 11:54 4.5 4:12 3.0 10:21 6.3
25 ... 5:30 |— 1.1| 12:41 4.7 4:59 3.1 11:04 6.3
26 ... 6:161—1.2] 1:30 4.8) 5:50] 3.1 11:50 6.3
27 ... 7:041—1.2 2:20' 4.9 6:49 3.1 1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or rii*ht hand column gives th«
last tide of th^ day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
■when a minus sign — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mmn of the lower low waters.
THE BILL
Branch Hydrographic Office, V. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
May 20, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c. . at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 5
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKTN'S.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. | From. [ Due.
Samoa * JHumboldt 'May 21
Tltania iNanalm IMay 21
A. Blanchard...lCoos Bay 'May 21
Coquille River.. (Grays Harbor May -1
Pomona [Humboldt [May 23
Crescent City.. Crescent City May 22
Areata Coos Bay IMay 22
Coos Bay Newport (May 22
| Walla ..'Victoria & Puget Sound *'*■
Czarina IPuget Sound IMay 22
Mackinaw Tacoma Mny 22
Bristol Departure Bay May 23
Alliance Oregon Ports May 23
San Bias lAcapulco May 23
Aloha (Point Arena May 23
Australia (Honolulu. May 23
Corona San Diego IMay 24
Weeott [Humboldt IMay 25
State of Cal.... I Portland 'Mn-.- *'".
[ Luella 'Tillamook [May 2.".
; Empire I Coos Hay IMay 35
Washtenaw ....'Tacoma IMay 28
Bonita Newport IMay 26
Point Arena iPoint Arena IMay 26
North Fork 'Humboldt 'May 27
Curacao I Mexico May 27
Umatilla (Victoria & Puget Sound 27
Santa Rosa 'San Diego [May 28
1 City of Sydney. [Panama May 29
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Queen IVic & Pgt Sd. (Mav 21. 10 am Pier 9
Weeott ....|Humboldt May 21. 2 pm]Pler 13
Santa Rosa I San Diego 'May 22, 11 am!Pier V
Pt. Arena. .IPoint Arena.. IMay 22. 2 pmlPier 2
G. Dollar .. lOregon Ports. IMay 22, 5 pm'Pier 13
A. Blanch'diHumboldt [May 23, 5 pm|Pier 13
Columbia .. 1 . rti an .May va, l'> am Pier 24
Aloha [Point Arena.. [May* 24, 3 pmlPier 2
10..L- Bay ..[Newport (May 24, 9 amiPier 11
Gaelic China&JapanlMay 24. 1 pmlPMSS
Areata 'Poos Ray May 24. 10 am'Pier 13
Pomona ... [Humboldt May 24. 2 pmjPier 9
Corona Sin Diego May 26, 11 am'Pier 11
Walla W...|vic & Put Sd.'Mav 26, 10 am Pier 9
State Cal. ..(Portland I Mav 28, 10 Pier 24
Bonita (Newport [May, 2-!, DamlPierll
Alliance ...(Coos Bay (May 28, io pmlPier 13
Colon Panama May 29. 12 m IPMSS
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
Saturday, May 20.
Ptmr Weeott, Dunham, 21 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 61*4 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Brideett, 33 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Co.on, Maekinnon, 19 days 9 hours from
Panama and way ports.
Br stmr Gaelic. Finch. 35 days 15 hours from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 18 days 1514 hours,
via Honolulu 8 days 14 : ' 4 hours.
Bark P C Allen, Johnson, 21 days fm Hono
lulu.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 20 hours from
Bowens Landing.
CLEARED.
Saturday, May 20.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego, etc:
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, Unalaska; North
American Commercial Co.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria; Goodall, Per
kins &-Co.
Stmr Acarmlco, Cattarinich, Panama: Pac
Mail S S Co.
Br ship Primrose Hill, Wilson, Liverpool-
Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
Schr Mildred E. Erratt. Cape Nome and
Gollvon Bay; C F Humphrey.
Schr Ethel Zane. Holmstrom, St Michael:
Alaska Exploration Co.
'SAILED. J
_ * T ; ■ Saturday^ May 20.
Stn# Xoyo. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Ptmr Bonita. Nicolson, San Pedro.
Stmr Ruth, Strand, Point Conception.
Stmr Acapulco, Cattarinich, Panama.
Bktn Monitor. Turloff. Eureka.
Schr Laura May, Hansen, Everett.
Schr Golden Gate, Jorgenson, Mendoclno.
Schr Maxim, Olsen, Caspar.
Schr Newark, Heck, Bowena Landing.
£>?£■ . CHARTERS.
The A J West loads lumber at Grays Har
bor for Honolulu.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Gaelic — Had fresh to strong NE •winds,
with rough head seas throughout: was detain
ed in Quarantine at Nagasaki several days;
was delayed 19 hours at Honolulu.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— SaiIed May 15— Stmr Samoa, tor
San. Francisco: I" S stmr Richard Rush, for
Seattle, with U s stmr Xunivak in tow; schr
Alice, for San Pedro; Laura Pike.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 20— Schrs
Carrier Dove, King Cyrus and W F Jewett, fm
Honolulu.'
USAL— Sailed May Stmr Newsboy, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed May Stmr Weeott, for
San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed May 19— Ptmr Alice Blan
chard, for Pan Francisco.
CRESCENT ClTY— Passed May 20— Bktn
Amelia, from Port Blakeley for Honolulu.
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed May Tug Holy
oke, with schr Ocean Wave in tow, for San
Francisco. i,
EUREKA— Arrived May 30— Stmr Pomona, he
May 10.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 20— Schr
Carrier Dove, from Honolulu.
SEATTLE— May 20— Br stmr" Amur,
, from Victoria; bark Theobald, fm Port Towns
; end.
! Sailed May 20— Schr Vega, for Alaska.
POINT REYES -Passed May 20 at 2:20 p m—
i Ship C F Sareent, from Seattle for San Fran
cisco. «
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May Schr
Bailor Boy, from-Kodiak.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 20— Stmr Arcata, he
May 17.
Sailed May 20— Stmr Arcata, for* San Fran
cisco.
USAL— Sailed May 20— Stmr Newsboy, for
San Francisco. I
POUT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed May 20— Stmr
Westport and stmr Albion, for San Francisco.
i NEAII BAY-t-Passed May 20— Bktn Amelia,
from Port Blakeley for Honolulu.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK Sailed May 19— Stmr Finance,
for Coion.
PHILADELPHIA— CIeared May Ship Ar
thur Sewall, for San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Sailed May Ship Benjamin
F Packard, for San Francisco.
" FOREIGN PORTS.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed May IS— Br bark
. Hawthornbank, for Dublin; Br ship Riverside,
for Liverpool.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed May 19— Br stmr Carl
isle City, for San Diego.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed May 19— Bark
Gen •Fairehild. for San Francisco.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed May 20— Stmr Chas Nel
son, for San Francisco.
CALLAO— Arrived May 19— Schr Louis, from
Port Blakeley.
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived May 14— Schr
Queen, hence Apr 2S.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to May 20— Stmr
City of Rio <!. Janeiro, from San Francisco.
• Sailed prior to May 20— Stmr Idzumi Mara,
for Seattle.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 20— Stmr Umbria,
from Liverpool .■',.•' ■BOYS AND GIRLS PAGE
PRETTY STORY OF A MAY QUEEN.
A LITTLE girl was knitting by a
window in a lovely New Eng
land home. Her pretty pink
and white face was all puckered
up. and her mouth that should
have been used only for smiling and
nice things was all pouts and
. the- ugliest things tha.t coul
"Oh, mamma, when will the rain
'The. rains bring May flowers,
Who, I wonder, will be May
n."
"Nanette Is the village beauty and
she is good and amiable.
pouts. Oh, d>-ar, why cannot ! be ami
able, ton? But, mamma, look' Th
ng
it h;;
ette to-morrow. May I.
mamma?"
NATIONAL...
ALPHABET
\ is America, land of our love,
f In glory and might every nation above.
+ t) Battleship Maine, which one day
♦ *-* The Spaniards blew up in Havana's fair bay.
+ S~* is for Cuba, where war was begun.
*■ When our people found out what the Spanish had done
f f~\ ; i- for Dons, whose sway now is o'er;
tL/ i t n j s o'.je the water they'll rule nevermore.
it" it will be a fine day."
T. -morrow came, ;i lovely day. The"'
shining brightly, and all the-^
child] - h mse to v te^
■ epl Nanette, who
remained at home to take care of her"^
little brot] was sick. Fli - ♦
the f l:| dr»n a luncheon*
i cookies, and then
. for queen, as everyT
■ was chosen by all*
• of the May.
Now a word a t Nam tte. Our May
que*-'i et little girl i I "*
with pretty blue eyes and lovely yel
low curls; but what the children most
liked in her was the smilin^ mouth that
■ • : many a sorrowful
I little hand that al
ways carried vely fruit or
k chamber, or
ight nothing • - I ways
had b nd gentle little
: y her dear, Blck brother,
ehe had not a regret for her abs
the children's party. She only
-'it how she would like to vote for
3ie, because they were the dearest
Is; but Bhe had Bent word by An
■ ho would vote for her. There
Sick Freddie, when
all of a sudden she heard the children
. railing:
"Nanette! Nanette! our qii^n of
May!" but she never left her brother's
de until her mother came and told
the children had chosen her their
;:, and she must pn to them.
Then, with a kiss tn her mother and
another to her little brother, she went
■ lira to her little friends, who
led around to t fi !l her the news.
. her sh* 1 must come on
• day 1 the ods, and th^re
: ! their queen. The children
•:• r berry party on the balrony
\ • tte in their midst, and then,
- nearly dark, they bade their
n good-by until May day, when
ild me for her with a rose
chariot !ir "l take her to the woods.
May day eve arrived. The chil
dren were all ready for next day. when
came that Nanette's little brother
very Blck, and that she could not
as he would be left alone, be
her mother was tired from
inpr by his bedside. If some one
would take Nanette's place she coukl
Oh, let us have Flossie for queen
if Nanette cannot come. We all know
• n her and Nanette who would
) chosen, so now let us have Flossie."
All this time a war was groin p: on in
that little pir!'s breast. Would she
come out triumphant or not?
"No, I will not have Nanette's crown.
fl Few Words fJbout Puzzlers and Concerning Puzzles.
THE Roll of Honor is quite long
this morning. That bears testi
mony to your knowledge of the
fairy stories and also to your
SB. The puzzle answers
re: R< d Hiding Hood.
Little 80-Peep, Cinderella, Blue Beard,
, Mot h( 1. This morn-
Ing you will soo that there are other
r you to spell out.
new way. Our young friends who
LETTER
- Editor: Many days have passed
: ■• my last lett< r to The Call.
..our paner for the
past twenty-three years and feels she
■ • give it up. I attend the Co
lumola Grammar School and love my
arlj : She is so kind and patient
with us all. Her nime is Miss Earn a G.
Instead I will take her place by Fred
die's bedside and help his mother mind
him, and our dear Nanette shall be
queen of May as we all wanted."
Flossie's mamma kissed her little
girl, saying: "I knew my pet would
triumph; she is nearer and better for
this day's trial."
May day came, and at an early hour
d to Nanette's house and
her place by Freddie's side. He
b pr , hut still some one
stay with him. The two little
friends kissed each other and Flossie
said:
"I am first to salute you, queen of
May. Have a happy time, dear Na
and know i W fi] ta k,. good care
•- IV. ddie."
"But," said Nanette, "I do so wish
you would go in my place. 1 know how
you would like to be queen and you
* BY- ALEXANDER C^LPHEfe'.
IZJ is for Evans, a brave man and tried —
*— 4 The lowa's captain, and his sailors' just pride.
1"? is for Fever the hoi climate brought,
* 'Gainst which our good nurses so valiantly fought.
/"I is for General. Miles, he ied on,
Winning victories for vs — for himself great renown.
I— l is for Bobson, of Morrimac fame;
* * Though kissed by the ladies, he was not to blame.
would be far lovelier than I." *
A tear came to Flossie's eye, but she*
resolutely brushed it away and put*.
Nanette out of the room and house. .
saying: ■*"
"Go, the girls are waiting for you; +
do not keep them." +
Flossie busied herself with minding
Freddie and helping his mother, and
she felt happier. Suddenly Nanette's+
mother came into the room with a lady
and said:
"Dear Flossie, get your wreath and*"
run off to the May party. This is Fred- +
die's aunt and she will help me mind^
him. Her earriaer- is below and will
drive you to the woods in time for the
party.'
Off shf> went and arrived just before
her little friend was crowned queen.
How prlad the children were to see h^r,
and Nanette vould take off her crown
have just missed getting on the Roll
of Honor th:s week and who deserve
special mention for good guessing are
thf- following:
Charles Levinson, >* Cumberland street,
S.-m Francisco; Joe Smith, 130 Fell Btreet,
San Frani le Whitney, IKM Mis
sion street, San Francisco; James Bay
ard Haley. 17*2 Ninth avenue, Oakland;
Harry Smith, 120 Fell Ptreet, San Francis
co; Frank E. Howell, flB York treet, San
Francisco; Emile Louis, 113 Valley street,
Howard. She is going to take us to Mill
Valley next month, ;ind 1 shall write and
tell all about our trip. We are taught
Bewing at school and 1 am making a dr< -
foT mv little sister. She is four months
old and has large blue eyes, rosy ch< X
fair skin and a bright, smiling little (ace.
Her n&me Is Elisabeth Beryl. I have an
THE HAN FRA^ CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
and place it In Flossie's pretty hair,
saying: "'We have two queens, not
one." Then the children forgot for a
moment they were girls and gave three
cheers for Flossie that made the woods
ring, saying: "Nanette is queen of the
May and Flossie is queen of all hearts
to-day." MARIE CHESWORTH.
Polytechnic High School.
SEEING FAIRIES.
THERE once lived a little girl who
was very poor. Her mother had
been dead for some years, so she
lived with her grandfather. He
■would sometimes go shopping and
leave his little grandchild at home.
Whenever he came home the child
would have his chair, his slippers and
his cap rt ady for him. One day, as she
was sitting in a rocking chair, she fell
asleep. She dreamed that sir-' was
Btrolling through the wood, when :•■
heard a rustle. She looked up and she
saw a fairy descending from tho sky.
At first she was frightened, hut the
fairy told her that he had good news
to bring her. He told her that not far
nf: from where she was standing was
;i beautiful glen, and all the fairies
wore going to have a meeting there.
'I nave come," he snid, "as a messenger
to ask you if you are willing to join
is Iniquity. Hear of the beef?
* Its proving a mighty political reef.
I is for jack — the man back of the gun";
+* In war fond of fighting; in peace fond of fun.
fy^ is for Knowledge of things "militaire" —
*^ The lack of which oft made our soldiers despair.
Lis for Lore, with which Johnny Bull tries
To null international wool o'er our eves.
thousands of fairies sitting on mush
rooms pinging, laughing, talking and
dancing. She Jumped out and soon was
among them. One of the fairies stepped
up and put a crown on her. Then there
•,vas a cry, "Hurrah for the yueen of
Fairyland."
She stayed there till midnight and
then they took her home. When she
got home she heard some one calling
her. "Lucy, Lucy, wake up." She
opened her eyes and she saw that it
wafi all a dream. She told her grand
father, and he laughed. She said. "Oh,
I wish I could dream this all over
again." LORENA JOHNSON.
other Bister named Florence* and five
brothers. We all try to solve the puzzles,
but never guess the whole number of
them. We live across from GarnV'ri
Square. ;i park extending from Harrison
street to Treat avenue and from Twenty
fifth to Twenty-sixth streets.
ALICE L. BOND.
2913 Harrison street, San Francisco.
Dear Editor: As I have not seen any
letter from Arcata, I thought I would
write a few words concerning It. It la a
town about three miles from the. ocean,
and from the hills skirting the town tho
breakers may be seen on the shore. Ar
cata has about 1 '»>•-> inhabitants, who rep
r< ni nearly every nation of the world
except China. We have a fine climate,
having neither too cold winters nor too
hot summers. But in February we were
favored with over two Inches of snow.
Hoping to Bee my letter in print, I shall
close now. Your constant reader of The
Call. ROSA SMITH.
Arcata, Cal.
Dear Editor: I will write this letter to
The Call ami hope to see it published. I go
to the Bernal Primary school. My teach
er's name is Miss Simpson. She is very
patient. I am In the sixth grade and I
am 11 years old. Your little reader.
BELLE SANDY.
San Francisco.
Ed \* ed. by D av< 5Tt WaukeK-
THE HUNTER
BOYS OF `99
I THOUGHT T would tell you of our
trip to Hunters Hill on Dewey
day, May 1. The journey was un
der the direction of a club of boys
of my own age, called "The Little
Men of '99." The boys who went are :
Archie McDonell, Tom Roy, Eddie Bry
ant, Albert Ayling, Ancil Coombs, Guy ■
Green, my brother Cecil and Wallace .
McDonell and myself.
We started about 9 o'clock for Hun- '■
ters Hill, about six miles northeast of I
Vallejo. It is a large rocky hill, which
contains great quantities of quicksil- ■
ver. We arrived at the base about 11
o'clock and began our climb. About ,
half way up the hill we rame across a
Bhed, where men stay to shoot coyotes, j
We pretended that was a Spanish
fort, and after gathering a great many ■
stones we charged and drove the Span- ;
lards (squirrels) from it. We went on ;
until we came to the top, where we
Mr?. Klmpen— l tmnk Mr. Smith must
hare liked the beefsteak pie. He had two i
helpings of it. I
Tho Tart loss Boarder— Possibly he did
it on a wager. 3
THE MOTHER'S RETURN
FROM THE MOUNTAINS
-♦-
+ T T was a mid Saturday evening.
| Edna Rolf, aged twelve, sat on the
♦ \ little front porch of the two
>- ; roomed cottage waiting for her
-*- sister. Edna was a cripple, and
had been crippled all h^r life. Her sis
■*" ter sold flowers out of their small
+ garden.
4- Edna"s father and mother had died
f F* 1 ! is Manila. May first, ninety-eight,
**■ * The battle took place — that has made Dewcy great.
+ JVJ 's Nicaragua. Although Mr. Reed
♦ *■ Doesn't like it we'll build that canal — yes, indeed.
+ /"\ is for Oregon, of war-ships the best;
f How great was her triumph when put to the test!
4- 13 oor P anc^ Qdp most strangely combine,
f * And the Philippine Question just wheels into line.
■♦- _
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦ ♦♦♦.++
long ago, so the children thought, but
they were mistaken, for their mother +
long ago had been lost in the snow on a.
the mountains, but had never died, ami
for years she had been looking for the"*"
children, but had not been able to find >
them. +
Edna, sitting there in the cold,
thought that she saw her sister com-"*"
ing. She went to meet her and asked ♦
her if she had sold any flowers. .+
"Yes, I have sold five bunches. That .
makes 25 cents. Now we will go and"*"
have supper," said Lottie. "It is so +
cold. Edna! Have you any supper?"
"Yes, I have potatoes and bread and
tea and milk and sugar."
"Why, that is nice. Now to-morrow
we can have bacon and cake."
ROLL OF HONOR
ALMA SCHROEDER, 640
Cfntral avenue, Alameda;
Mary Riley, 225 Pierce
street, San Francisco;
Herbert Merrill, 405 East
Eleventh street, East Oakland;
Esther Corwin, 17">0 Tenth street,
Oakland; Frank Fenelius, 61
Hoff. avenue, San Francisco;
Amy W. Robinson, 1016 East
Sixteenth street, East Oakland;
Edward Kenneth Rogers, 1824
Buena Vista avenue, Alameda;
Robert Clark, 1418 Myrtle street,
Oakland; John N. Blood, 324 Noe
street, San Francisco; Ora Hol-
Hngsworth, Woodland; Charley
Ferry, Sierra Madre, Cal,; Mabel
Curtis, Crescent City, Cal; Belle
Park, 105 Andover avenue, San
Francisco; Edna Horn, 20
Hampton place, San Francisco;
Grace Lloyd, 2507 Sutter street;
Edna Ralph, Alvarado; Emma
Bennett, Gilroy; Ethel Rossiter,
Redwood City; Freddie Hartell,
Belmont; Mary Ellen Fuselier*.
216 Castro street; Emily Hous
ton, 52 Silver street; Edith
Searle, 2115 Alameda avenue,
Alameda; J. Mervyn Rising,
19^ Bartlett street; Hazel Eby,
958 Center street, Oakland; An
nie Richards, 250 Dole street;
Annie Fitzgerald, Gilroy; Henry
A. Huspey, Yallejo; Lucy Far
rell, 2711 Bryant street; Ethel
Vandervoort. Sunol Glen, Ala
meda County; Mignon de San
no, Vallejo; Klmo Culbert, 1916
I'aclfic avenue. Alameda; Mil
ton White, 1232 Pine street;
Louis Damkroeger, 1041 Noe
street; Arthur E. Barry, l. n >o
Pierce street; Otto Bach, 425
grave three cheers for Dewey and his
brave men, who by their great victory
Avon the admiration of all the nations
of the globe.
We then ate our lunch and after that
we took a look around us. We could
see Napa Valley and a part of the Coast
Range on the north, green hills on the
east. Mount Diablo on the southeast,
Martinez, Port Costa and Vallejo Junc
tion on the south and Mount Tarhal
pais, Point Pinole, San Quentin, Pan
Francisco Bay, San Pablo Bay. the
navy yard and Vallejo on the west.
Wo next wended our way to the Val
lejo White Sulphur Springs, which is a
popular picnic ground for Vallejo
young people during the summer
months. On our way there my dog
('up chased a hare, but as he is not a
hound he did not got it; bun a little
farther on he caught a squirrel.
We arrived at the springs about 2
o'clock. We took a drink of the water,
filled our canteens with it and gave
the dog a swim and started home,
where we arrived about 5 o'clock, a
tired and dirty lot. I am 12 years old
and go to the Vallejo public school. I
am in the seventh grade.
RUSSELL P. FITZGERALD.
Hicks— Just saw Hogley. Had been t<
the doctor's. Doctor tells him he is look
Ing himself again.
Wicks— ls he really as bad as that'
■ How.
"Oh, and to-morrow is my birthday!"
piii' l Edna.
They sat down and ate their simple
little meal and went to bed. At mid
night Edna woke up with a start. What
was that making such a noise? There
was a tremendous knocking at the
donr. Edna woke Lettle Up and she
went to ilv door. There stood a nice
looking woman. She threw her arms
around Lettie. Then drawing bark as
she looked into Lettie"s face, she said
in a sweet voice: "Where is your
mother, little girl?"
■'Mamma is dead long ago," said Let
tie.
■'What is your name?"
"Lettie Rolf.'
"How old are you?"
"Thirteen, ma'am."
"Have you any sisters?"
"Yes, ma'am; one."
"What is her name?"
"Edna Rolf."
Ris Rough Riders — Colonel Roosevelt's brave men.
Who well deserved plaudits, now, time and again.
— Santiago — that wondrous seafight
When Cervera's big fleet was just sunk out of sight.
HP is the Telegram Sampson returned
* When he bid for the glory that Schley really earned.
ll s Uncle Sam, whose family is queer —
His nephews are white, red, black, yellow — I hear.
Dear Editor— l like to see the Children's
Page. 1 have a sprained ankle and had
to stay home from school to-day; so I
thought I would write a little letter to
you. I am nine years old and am in the
third grade, and think I will be promoted
In the fourth grade in June. I belong to
the Y. M. C. A. We are taught in a gym
nasium to do high .-jumping, hand springs,
handball, back somersaults, dumbbells,
war dubs and many games, and now we
have a class !n swimming. We have lots
of fun. Somptimes we nave nice enter
tainments In the evening. My little sister
and f did belong to a dancing school and
we liked that. too. On Sundays we go to
Sunday school. Sometimes I go fishing
with my brother In a duck boat and we
catcb lots of lish. I wish I could swim
as my broth'-r does, but I am a little
afraid of the water yet. We have one pet
and that is a dog.
LOUIE 11. DAY. Stockton.
Dear Editor— My parent* take The Call
and say it is the best paper. I like to do
the puzzles in the Girls' and Boys' page.
I think I have them all right to-day. I
hope my letter will be published In next
Sunday's Call. Your little friend,
CHARLES LEVINSEN.
SS Cumberland street. San Francisco.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to
The Call. I am 9 years old and in the
fourth grade of thf> Santa Clara Public
Bchool. My teacher's name is Miss Doyle.
I have just been learning how to ride a
AZALEA AND HER HARD LESSON.
IT was a fair afternoon In June.
The cloudless sky was a deep blue
and the sun shone with its full glory
and splendor upon the pretty land
scape. It was indeed pleasing. The
flowers were all in bloom; the grass
was green and the birds sang their
sweetest. But fairer than all the flow
ers was a young- girl, apparently about
sixteen summers, who was seated under
a huge oak tree with a book in her
hand. She appeared to be deeply in
terested.
She had auburn hair, which clustered
in ringlets and fell over he broad fore
head, large gray eyes, regular features
and a pretty mouth.
At last she uttered a sigh and her
large eyes wand< r d from the bock, a
dreamy look in their gray orbs.
"I wonder if it is nice to be rich?" she
murmured.
"It is delightful," answered a soft lit
tle voice, and. looking up. she beheld
the owner of the voice, a graceful fairy
dressed very magnificently and dia
monds Hashed on her fingers.
"Tell me your nam<\" tie little crea
ture commanded with a stamp of her
tiny foot.
"Azalea."
"Ah! a pretty nanif and you are in
every way as beautiful :.s the flower
whose name you bear."
"I beautiful?" stammered Azalea.
"Very." the fairy answered emphati
cally, "but you are poor, and beauty
without wealth doc? not se^m con
genial. You are like many flowers that
bear your name, "to blush unseen and
waste their sweetness <>n the desert
air.' You waste your beauty where
nn one will appreciate it. Oh. how
many wealthy people would envy you.
If you were rich you could turn your
beauty to advantat. ■*."
"But how am I to get rich?" asked
Azalea.
"Simply by not staying here any
more."
"But I am very happy here," said the
girl, "and I should be loth to leave."
"Loth to lpave this place?" said the
fairy revealing a set of small pearly
teeth in a silvery peal of laughter.
"Wouldn't you like to be very rich?"
she asked in a tone of msinual ng
Bweetness — "to live in a grand house
and have elegant dresses and diamonds
and go to parties and grand balls and
be the acknowledged belle, the envy of
all proud ladies? Think of it: how
lovely it would be! Wouldn't you like
to ho rich?"
"Oh, yes. Ido wish I could be rich."
4. "O. Lettie. lam your mother! I wag
* lost in the mountains when you were
a baby."
"*■ And she threw her arms around Let
■+ tie, who was so glad she did not know
.+ what to do. She brought the lady in
, and told Edna their mother was
TV:.
4it| + >f|-f4-f4i + *tt-f»
\T 's Volunteers. How they flocked at the call *
* Of their country, determined to win or to fall. >
117's for Wheeler, the Souths doughty Joe —
** Wherever he led sure was victory to go. +
*\S cellent work on the land and the sea.
**- Our fighters are heroes — to that you'll agree. >
\T is for Yankees whom Spaniards despised —
* But after they met 'em they were dazed and surprised. +
Zis for Zeal, which our women have shown
For the Red Cross in good deeds they've wrought, though +
at home. >
— don't forget our invaluable head — *
McKinley, by whom we so proudly are led. +
wheel. My brother is S years olfl and
don't know how to ride. My papa is a
newspaper man, and I hope to see this
letter printed in your paper. Truly yours.
RUTH MASON.
Santa Clara, Cal.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to
The Call, and I hope to see it published.
I am in the fifth srade and my teachi r'a
name is Miss Reuf. I go to the GartU'ld
Primary School. I am 0 years old. My
said Azalea.
"Your wish is granted," said the
fairy and disappeared.
Looking up presently Azalea found
herself in a beautiful mansion elegantly
furnished, and. looking down on herself,
she saw that a magnificent white satin
dress had 'replaced the calico gown that
she wore, and diamonds and rare jewels
flashed in rich profusion on her hands
and neck. In a mirror she saw her
pretty dark auburn hair dressed in a
way that she had never dreamed of, but
more surprises were yet to follow. Ser
vants flew to obey her slightest wish,
and as the days passed she went into
society and was the undisputed belle!
She was delighted with it and liked the
excitement. As the days flew on she
almost forgot that she had ever been
poor.
Ton wars of her life having nasspfl
away in a richly furnished home, a
i'oung woman sat.no other than Azalea,
yet In her pale face there was no trace
of the lovely young girl who had sat
under the oak tree that June afternoon.
She had married a man that she did not
love and was most unhappy. Shp grew
tired of parties and the sparkle of hap-
piness had departed from her eyes and
th>^ rose? of health no longer bloomed in
her cheeks.
The Azalea hnd withered and its
bright blossoms faded. Her face was
still beautiful, but pale as marble.
"How foolish I Was." she murmured.
"Diamonds and beautiful dresses tempt
ed me. Oh. 1 would give all my wealth
to be. a girl again."
"Are you really tired?" asked a sneer
ing voioe.
Azalea saw the fairy of ten years ago.
"Are yi'ii really tired? And are you
nor happy?"
"Happy!" Azalea echoed, with a hard
laugh. "I am miserabl >." Then she
i hrew hei self on her knees at the fairy's
feet.
'Oh. let me be a happy girl again!"
she cried, clasping her jeweled hands.
"I am so \< : ; --' rable."
"You asked me to let you be rich,"
the fairy answei
"Bui you tempted me a? th*^ s>=rp^nt
tempted' Eve. You told me it was ni<"»
to be rich and envied. It is hateful,
and I am tired of It."
The fairy only smiled scornfully, and
as she disappeared Azalea found her
self sitting under th^ oak tree, the sun
was setting in the west and nignt was
nearing. It was all a dream. The cot
of love is better than the palace
of coM splendor.
DAFFODIL DAVENPORT.
found.
Their mamma told them all about h^r
life in the mountains and then they
went to bed and slept the rest of the
night. BESSIE WHITTY,
1104 Mission street,
A party of visitors to the country
was very much interested last summer
hv the remarks of some children, sent
out for a week or two in the country.
There wore quite a number of them
playing about a pretty farmhouse one
day when some passers-by stopped
and began to talk to them.
"Did you ever seen any chickens be
fore?" asked one lady as a flock of
fowls came strutting down the lawn.
"Oh, yes," said one of the eldest,
wisely, with a knowing shake of his
head, "we've always seen 'cm — lots —
only generally it was after they was
peeled."
►♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦
mother has taken The Call for so many
years that I thought it was time to write.
I like to read The Call and find the puz
zles. LILLIAN M. JOHNSON.
114 Alta street, San Francisco.
Dear Editor— l take great interest in
the Boys' and Girls' page. I thought that
I Vould try to answer your puzzlea.
Yours truly. BESSIE DAVIS.
Alameda Mine, Tuolumne County, Cal.
4
3132
A Promising
Young Pianist
Irwin Eveleth Hassell. a native of Cali
. i i: j ears, will piw ;i piano-
I ■ recital at Sherman, Clay X- Co.'a
Hall on Sutter street Thursday evening,
May 25, on which occasion he will be as
well known and popular
i :iub quartet of this city.
mg Hassell is nut a prodigy* but a
student who gives rare promise of becom
■ of unusual abiiitj , a
during ill- three ami a ha.. I only
- tuition tie has had In- has ie\ • i
iemarkabl< musical talent. His In
lays a poetic tempera
. \<. . combining much i
■ xpression. Musical savants
say that he possesses naturally In a
.ill the elements of
nun thai yo to make
up a thorough musician, as he imparts to
his playing a fire and brilliancy, yet
with; an extremely delicate and mus,
cianly taste that encourages his mends
In their confidence In his ability to event-
ually win the laurels of fame.
Tlimich mild and unpretentious In man
ner this young artist is very earnest and
ambitious and fully realize-? the difficult
task he has ahead of him in the shape
of the many years of hard work necessary
for acquiring perfect mastery of the req
uisite technic to entitle him to a place
among the great pianists Of the ape.
Master Hassell will therefore start for
Kerlin during the latter part of next
month with a view to - ding four years
abroad, and this recital is given at th*>
request of his many admirers and friends
to afford them an [pportunity to testify
their appreciation of his ability and to
wish him a bon voyaure. It goes without
savins: that they will undoubtedly lend
him their full support by being sent
in force on this occasion:
FRATERNAL
NEWS
ORDER EASTERN STAR.
thai was recently
hapter In
thirtieth anniversary of
f the chapter, a notice of
' lepa rtment
■ h Inst., was f.ir thp
c Widows' and Or-
The affair net-
The grand v. '■■ a visit last
■ • kland « Jhapter.
Chapter will give "Th« Influ
• r of Chocolate Bonbons" In
Oakland on t! - of Wednesday
Harmony Chapter had considerable
work i andidates last
•h' w>rk th» re
lation In the banquet hall
building.
THE "1 >D FELLOWS.
in all branches of the
will !■< obs< rved hv appropriate
'■. the loth of next Juno.
.V ih< offl< c cretary the
work "f ■ ■ ■ ilio recent
J• t [ng put
into shape for thi publisher, and it. will
- time,
.' .; 27 Grand Patriarch Harris and
will visit the encampment at St.
rees will be con
n candidati s.
William Wallaci Watson, the new grand
en, was tendered a reception last
niulu in Excelsior Hall by th-' two :
<■) which h< Is .i member— Fidelity «'f the
Ml :in "I the Rt
ihs.
THI-: REBEKAHS,
if Saturday, the 13th lnst.,
No. 1 had an open meet
ing i" whi» li all friends of the members
Invited. Und< r the direction of Miss
Harris, chairman of the social
comn re was offered a pleasing
programme of music, song, fancy rlnnc
luc. i - and literary efforts ;
which were well received and appre- j
• the programme there was
ng until a late hoar.
Last Monday night Loyal Lodge had aj
nment for members only,
and one ol the features was a Cakewalk.
• Nichols w;:s tlif judge of
the m< 1 11 a aJkera and on his
i thi cak< went to the winners, who
blj chagrined when they
vered that "the fake" way only a;
frosted dummy.
On the evening of the 7th nf Juno Ori- I
enuil Rebekah Degree Lodge will explain
v.-hy the luii'Ji which the ladies of the
b< ivi ii during the recent I
■ ailed "a mysterious
lunch."
A COMPLIMENT.
The re-election of Mrs. Mary E. Donoho
as secretary of the Assemblj of the Re
bekaha of California was ;i compliment
tv that lady, which while it was paid by
the unanimous vote of all the delegates
i fitting tribute of recognition to one
v );■' has been considerate, faithful and
- an offici r. During the Becond
[ng of hei nomination for her office one
ol the delegates said "Our grand secre
tary/ when Borne one reminded the
speaker that th embly
';,].■ no longer known !■>■ the title of
"grand." Th< Interrupted speaker con
tinued: "I am aware of that, but when I
first knew her Bhe was called grand, and !
to me and to all the members of this or
der she is still the 'grand' secretary,
for sh< is not only - Becretai y,
but she Is grai - rythlng Iha I
to make ;: woman errand." That the
vi,, iki r echoed the sentiment ol
individual member was apparent by the
loJa a nd prolongedVipplause that fol
lowed these words of well-merited i>raiso.
ODD FKi.i."'vs. M. r.
Many of tho n ildenta of the Mission
District visile.] Mission Opera-house on
the night of the Uth inst. to witness the
presentation of "The Golden Giant," a
rama, by amateurs under the
of Loyal Mission Lodge, M. U,
leading male role was taken by F. L.
(irlfflth. past noble grand ol the lodge,
while the leading lady was Miss Leona
Leigh. It was a pleasing production and
those wh<> took part were heartily ap-/
plauded. After the play there was danc
ing until mi(.lnipht._ ._
TJIK NATIVE SONS.
Last Thursday evening Mission, Pre
, cits and Hesperian parlors held a joint i
meeting In Mission Parlor Hall, at
which there was a very large attend
ance, and the committee that had charge
of the affair presented a One programme
of entertainment that was followed by
dancing until th. hour of midnight.
Grand Tru tee C. O. I 'unbar will make
fTort to reorganizo Hear Flag Parlor
■ • 11,I 1 , taluma, as ninny of th. Natives '
. .1 a desire to join and form a
Sunset Parlor No. ->"< of Sacramento has j
..i Edwin Howe its secretary, vice!
I. i' Ripley, who resigned <>n account of
business engagements.
Grand President Frank Mattison will
nanu; the- district deputies and deputy
Hales.
ribbon sale.
We took 21.000 yards and "cleaned out" a
maker. Sale begins Ba. m. to-morrow. No
limit to retail buyers.
Rbbon styles are uncertain. Makers cannot carry stocks
over a season. Just beiore the advance in raw silks we pur-
chased 21. c00 yards of al:-silk, satin and groszrain, moire and
plain taffeta ribbon. We saved a jobber irom the uncertainty
of changeable styles and landed a lot of ribbon that will be
retailed io-morrow at about the price they would cost in raw
silk to-day. Sale wiil be coruuc;ed on the center tables of
aisle 2. All the new and popular shades.
No. 5 satin or taffeta 5c
No. 7 ditto 6c No. 22 ditto 15c
No. 9 ditto B'sc No. 40 ditto 15c
No. 12 ditto 10c No. 40 satin 20c
No. 16 ditto 12'iC I No. 63 taffeta 19c
new art department.
Moved to aisle 2. More light, more room and
more shopping comforts.
200 miscellaneous articles to b: sold at 25c a piece to-morrow,
including 32-inch tamDour squares in open-work patterns; 18x54
tambour scarfs, open-work en-s ; 16x27 all-linen hemstitched
stamped tray covers ; 16x40 momi; scarfs ; 16x54 hemstitched
scarfs ; 17x24 momie linen tray covers.
Anything in the above lot 25c
notes on notions
A saving on stockinette dress shields— s76 pair, slightly
damaged, at less than one-half the usual cost ; sizes 2 anJ 3.
The thread or tne stockinette is somewnat spread. However,
the rubber is perfect and they win wear as good as any 1214 c
snicld in the market. On trie taDles to-morrow 5e pair
Bone casing— 900 pieces in 3-yard lengths, just enough for a
dress; Uvenjer, red, drab, b.ue, pink, white, ycliow...4e piece
Cordurcy skirt binding— 3500 yards i%- nch skirt binding
at a saving to-mcrrow. A gooa heavy quality in navy, cardma ,
tan, Deige, brown, clack and green. Un the tables at 3'^c
The t^nuus Trenton safety pins, the pin with asniela; can-
not slip oui.
No. 2, 2'^c doz. No. 2',, 3c doz. No. 3, 4c doz.
Richard Hudnut perfumes.
America's favorite quadruple strength perfumes.
Sweet Orchid Napoleon Violet Sappho Pink
White Rose Peau u'Espagne Lily 01 the Valley
White Heliotrope Wood Violet Jockey Cuo
Opopponax White Lilac Violet Orris
sOc ounce.
Tooth Powder, sprinkler top 25c
HuJnuiine 1 ooth Paste 50c
Rose Mint Tooth Wash ,*prhiKler top 50c
Violet Sec Toilet Water 75c
Wood Violet Toi.et Powder 50c
Extreme Violet Toilet Talcum f. 50c
Hudnuiins Face Powder 50c
Liquid Rouge (from carminej 50c
120 - PAGE CATALOGUE MAILED
FREE TO THE COUNTRY.
grand presidents at large during the com- |
ing week.
Till: NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
Las Lomas Parlor at Its last hold
meeting elected as delegates to the |
Grand Parlor two of its most popular
presidents. Miss Rosa M. Bell and
Miss Julia H. Moller. This is the first
time that the parlor has had the pleas
ure of sending more than one delegate
t., represent it in tho grand session. The
members feel that in sending these n p
resentatlves, who are noted for their
charming personalities, influence ajid ac
tivity in the order, they have made
a selection that will reflect credit on ih<'
parlor as well as on the two delegates.
Th< alt. mat. s chosen are two shining
liuhts of Ui'- parlor, Mrs. Emma Scho
field and Mi-- Emma Briellng.
<in the evening '>t" the 25th of May
S ■ Parlor will celebrate its
ninth anniversary by a grand ball in
Unlon-squari Hail, and the commits t
the wide-awake parlor will have a first
class '.i). !■• date programme "f dances.
\ number of the members of this parlor
w. !• at the Oakland carnival on the night
of th« opening.
1 a Estrella Parlor has elected ns Us
delegates to the Grand Parlor President j
Mis< Carrie Fenstermacber and Record
ing Secretary Miss Alice Maunder and as
alternates [nside Sentinel Mrs. J. Sie
v. ird and Marshal Mrs. A. Nichols.
Last Monday night La Estrella Parlor
held open memorial services in its hall.
which had been beautifully decorated by
the committee. At the side of the altar
ill, re was a vacant chair and as the orn
oers >>( tli' 1 parlor tiled by the altar lo
their stations to the strains of Chopin s
march played by Miss Huber, each placed
on that chair a bunch of roses In tok< n
of the love and remembrance for the de
parted one. At roll.Mll there was but one
absentee Mrs. Foster, the only nu'tnliT
of the parlor who has been called away.
There was an appropriate address by
President Miss Fenstermacher; vocal duet.
"Abide With Me." Mrs. Middleton and
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
A Emmanuel Baptist, Bnrtlett street, near
■i, Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson.
4 . ■
... Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
;. Stelner Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
% First ptlßt, Eddy street, near Jones— Rev.
;. E. A. Woods, D.D.
♦ ' ■
■♦> St. Francis, corner Vallejo street and Mont
a gomery avenue— Terence Caraher.
>b
<§, St Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and j
■». St Mary'? Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and i
tf> O'Farrell street— Rev. Father Prendergast,
i. V. G.
<p
♦
4, — — — —
■s> St. Joseph's, Howard and Tenth streets—
•i. Father Scanlan.
•
<?>
, ,
<;> St. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and Hayes
• •• street— Jesuit Fathers.
4> ' : ::., :
<-> — |
■♦> St. Mary's. Dupont and California streets—
<i> PaullKt Fathers.
<v — ■ ~~
•*i St. Patrick's, Mission street, between Third
<;> and Fourth— Kfdemptorlst Fathers.
»>
t
.
«> ! :
<♦■> First Christian. Twelfth street, between
4> Howard and Mission— Rev. F. S. Ford.
4> Richmond Congregational. Seventh avenue
.s> and Clement street— Rev. P. Coombe.
&>
A, _ __ :
"(|> Olivet Congregational,' Seventeenth and Noe ;
i 4. streets— Rev. H. ai. Shepard.
<?> _ 1- ;
<*> Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near ,
<s> .. Mission— Rev. William Rader.
<*> • _'. ;
<•> First Congregational, corner Post and Ma
<s> son streets — Rev. George C. Adams.
4>
A, — _ , . _
<•» St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
<4> street— Bishop W. H. Moreland.
4>- •■• ~z" '". ;; ■■:■''.¥:■
•
<;>
3> — _
<f> Trinity, Bush street, near Gough— Rev. H. |
.«> S. Hansen.
<S> '"^:'\:.
<*> — _— — —^_— — — — — — - — — — — — — — _~_ ;
4> St. Paul's, California street, near Filimore— !
4> Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly.
It - '
« First. English Lutheran, 1319 Geary street,
4> near Gough-<Rev. E. Nelander.
4 Bethel African M. E. 1 , Powell street, near
<$> Jackson— Rev, W.B. Anderson. <§> I
O.> : : ; : '■
<g> First M. E., Powell street, near Washington
<j> —Rev. W. S. Urmy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 21, 1899.
Hales.
fashions in dress pods.
Black fabrics are always popular. Blistered Crepons
selling rapidly. Tailor suitings in demand. New lots
coming in. A few to-day.
Black crepons — No wardrobe rnmrlef without Its black <lress.
Many exclusive styles being shown In corded effects, plain rords,
zigzag cords, chevron curds anl fancy silk stripes; a handsome
line; 42 inches. Being introduced at $7.00 Suit;
Black crepons — An Knglish fabric, imported hy us direct, li.irge
billowy designs in plain anl fancy grounds; the blister effects so ;
popular. Being Introduced at $1«> Salt
Black English cheviot— Just tro thing for a tailor gown; one of j
the most popular plain fabrics of the season; 50 Inch; steam
Shrunk. Being introduced at $5.75 Suit;
Peau de Gaunt— A new fabric in plain colors for walking cos- '
tumes; soft finish; medium weight: 43 inches. Now very stylish i
in the East. New blues, browns, slates, tans, modes, greens, I t>\
luinn introduced at $<i.OO Suit]
I
linings.
One of the busiest corners in our store. Many novelties now
being shown. We quote a few prices on staple lots:
M-inch black taffeta lining <! 1 -4 c yard.
All-lint n canvas, gray and brown lOc yard.
Kegulnr 10c sileslas M 1 -Uv yard.
ftcKulur -'>c sileslas 15c yard.
See to-day's /=l GOOO^^^^ and summer -
Examiner. '■^■^■■^ ■ ■■■■ . *"^ ' In the bazaar.
935 to 947 Market Street.
Miss Folks; reading. "Thanatopsis," Mrs.
Carlie; vocal solo. "Free as a Bird," Mrs.
Carlie; and "Nearer, My God, to Thee,'
by the parlor.
Alta Parlor has elected the following
del< gates to the Grand Parlor: Mrs. Kemp
Van Ec, Mrs. Leon de R"'>s. Mrs. Isabel
Pomeroy, Mrs. Sarah Brackett and Mrs
M. Perkins. This parlor will have a day
and a night at the Steepiechase on the
26th inst.
Fosemite Parlor has chosen Mrs. Amelia
Jacobsen and Mrs. Mamie Schenck as Its
delegates to tho (Jrand Parlor, and Orinda
Parlor has elected Mrs. Kmmu Gruber-
Foley and Miss Laura Utschig us its dele
gates.
Mrs. Cora Slfford. the grand vice presi
dent, was to institute a new parlor last
night if those who are to join It were
ready.
ORDER OF AMERICUS.
At the last held meeting of San Frnn
eis.o Council No. 14 in the Alcazar build
ing three candidates were initiated into
tho mysteries of the order and several
propositions were presented. After the
transaction of the regular" business the
doors were, according to a rule adopted
by the council, thrown open to friends,
who listen..! tO an Interesting address <.m
tin resources of California and on the
Philippines by Charles J. King, the secre
tary, ami a response by Dr. Harris. At
the" meeting on Tuesday, the 23d inst., the
doors of the council chamber will be
thrown open at 9 o'clock for the admission
of strangers to the order, when Henry E.
Highton will talk on trusts and corpora
tions. There will also be music, cigars
and refreshments. The Knickerbocker
quartet will furnish selections.
MRS. FLORENCE N. MORROW.
Mrs. Florence N. Morrow, who at the
i recent session of the Grand Circle of the
Companions of the Forest was without
! opposition re-elected by acclamation to
the odieo of Supreme Grand Secretary.
j has, during her term of office, endeared
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Joseph Ellison
of Massachusetts. Evening- Sermon by
Rev George L. Barsoom of Constantlno
ple.
Morning— Expecting Christ." Even
ing — "Paul's Finished Course."
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Frank W. Woods
of Pasadena. Evening— Sermon by Rev. J.
Lewi ■ Smith, D.I), of Tacoma, Wash. •
Morning— communion of members of
League of the Sacred Heart of St. Francis'
Center. Evening -After vespers Father
Caraher will deliver a sermon on "The
Maid of Orleans."
Morning— Pentecost; solemn high mass will
be celebrated at 11 o'clock, after which.
Archbishop Riordan will give the papal
benediction, sermon by Father Ramm.
Evening— Sermon by Father Dempsey.
Morning Special sermon by Rev. Father
Collins at solemn high mass; Rev. Father
Hartnett will be celebrant; Rev. Father
Collins, deacon, and Rev. Father McDon
nell, sub-deacon. Evening — Vespers and
sermon by one of the fathers.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Father Mahoney
at solemn high mass at 10:30. Evening —
Sermon by Rev. Father Chlappa.
Morning— Sermon by Father Callahan at
10:30 mass. Evening — Sermon and vespers.
Morning— Feast of Pentecost will be cele
brated; solemn high mass at 11 a. m. ; ser
mon by one of the Fathers; special mu
sic. Evening— Mission for young men will
bo opened: sermon and vespers.
Morning— "God Looketh Upon the Heart."
"Handling Aright the Word."
Morning — "The. Redemption of the Body."
Evening— "The Redemption of all the
Creation."
Morning- "Brotherhood In Trade." Even
ing—"Righteous Judgment."
Morning— "The Higher Work of American
Young Men." Evening— "The Man Who
Is Down."
Morning — "The Beginning of a New Era,"
Evening— Exercises by the Christian
Chinese.
Morning— Festival of Whitsunday; holy
communion at 8 o'clock; festal morning
prayer; sermon by Rev. Professor Samuel
: Unsworth, rector of Trinity Church, Reno.
New Evening— Evensong and sermon.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Dr. Brent of St.
Stephen's Church. Boston. Evening—Ser
mon 'by the pastor.
Morning— Sermon by rector;, holy com
munion at 11 o'clock. Evening— Special
Whitsunday music, prayer and sermon.
Morning — "The Day of Pentecost." Even
ing—"The children in the Market Place."
Morning— Sermon by Rev. J. E. Edwards of
Los Angeles. Evening— Sermon by pastor.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening —
Same. = . . . :
Hales.
herself to the membership of the order
to the extent that the delegates of the
several circles by a unanimous vote de
cided to i ontinue her in the office she lias
so ably filled in the past. The lady js. a
conscientious official, exact as i"
the performance of the duties im
posed upon her, and exceedingly
considerate of the feelings of every
member of the fraternity, but at
the same time insistent that each officer
in his or her relation with her office shall
be corred and punctual. Her re-election
was a well-deserved compliment to her
-worth.
KNIGHTS LADIES OF HONOR.
Mrs. m. i-:. Carieton of West End
Lodge, now a resident of Indianapolis,
Ind.. where she is publishing the Chron
icle, which is the official organ of the or
der, recently visited Dubuque, lowa, also
! Chicago. In a letter to a friend in this
! city, received a few days since, she wrote:
' "1 am in Dubuque on a few days' visit to
relntives before they go abroad. I have
met many kind friends of Mr. C'arleton's
since my arrival East, who in turn have
been very kind to me. I am afraid, how
ever, that 1 can never be thoroughly
happy away from San FTanciSCO, 1 lived
tln re so long."
Last Monday night Aurora I^odge had
a pleasant meeting ami was visited by
Past Grand Protector Mrs. L. J. Whee
' lock and Grand Protector /.. T. Whlttbn.
After the business of the evening there
was a pleasing programme for the enter
tainment of the members and an address
by thi grand protector.
On the evening of the i'2d inst. the grand
protector will pay an official visit to Bay
City Lodge, on which occasion there will
ibe the presentation of a diam<>nd-s<n
: badge to Mrs. \Y. H. Quitzow. fur having
las an individual secured the great
; est number of members. On the
i night of the 28th the grand protector will
; officially visit Martha Lodge, and on that
occasion the lodge will receive a special
■ banner for having as a lodge made the
*> Starr King A. M. K. Zion, 805 Stockton
•> street— Rev. T. Brown. ■
b
v■■ ■ ■
•> California Street M. E., Broderlck and Cal
•> ifornla streets — Rev. Frederick C. Lee.
» ,
>> Grace M. E., corner Twenty-first and Capp
$> streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
s, _
i> Howard M. E., Howard street, between
i, Second and Thtrd-»-Rev. John A. B. Wll
.> son. i
\ . V
p _
if Central Methodist Episcopal. Mission street,
Sy between Sixth and Seventh— Rev. Charles
i> Edward Locke.
k
.> ; :
i, Trinity Methodist, corner Market, Six
t> teenth and Noe streets ßev. Theodore H.
•> Woodward.
•>
;> :
?> Richmond Methodist, southwest corner of
•> South California street- and Fourth ave
j> Due— George Baugh. /
|> _
if Simpson Memorial M. E., corner Hayes and
S> Buchanan— Rev. John Stephens.
& .
£» • __
P Potrero M. E., Tennessee street, near >io
* lano — Rev. S. M. Woodward.
i> . -
S> Trinity M. E., corner Fulton street and
%> Allston way. Berkeley— Rev. John Coy Us.
t> — : , —
«> Epworth M. E., corner Church and Twen
|> ty-sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward
?, . , _ _
$> Fifteenth Avenue M. E.. corner Fifteenth
»■ avenue and P street— Rev. W. D. Crabb
Ay ■ ■ — __^ . • : — 1
«■ Stewart Memorial I!. P., Guerrero street,
P near Twenty-third— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
s> WS^StSßStttMtk ' ' ' "' - S ■■' ' '■'■
p ; : : _
•♦> First United Presbyterian. Golden Gate
j> avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. H Bell '
P -i — — _____
P First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue and
s> Sacramento street— Rev. Dr. Mackenzie.
§>
p '. — : : — — _
$> Calvary Presbyterian, Powell and Geary
p streets— Rev. J. Hemphlll.
J. _ , .
P Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
*> Webster streets— S. S. Cryor
p :
» ; _ __ . _
>p First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary
$> ■■ and Franklin streets— Rev. Dr. Stebblns
p emeritus; Dr. Stopford W. Brooke, minis-
Si ter pro tempore.
§> Second Unitarian, Twentieth and CaDD
;*v streets— Rev. A. J. Wells. ,
S> — ■ _
P Y. M. C. A.. Ellis and Mason streets.
I-: — :
<?>. First Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
<P block, 223 Sutter street, near Grant ave
<P nue — Bible and Science and Health
<p with Key to the Scripture*. '
Hales.
tailoring and suit salon.
No cause for hesitation here. Suits made to order or
ready made. Experienced dressmakers to serve you. We
can't afford to spare expense in this dept.
Taffeta silk waists— Some of th« season's latest effects have
just arrived, forded back and front, dress sleeves; very latest
colors and black, (see cut above) $*.."»<>
Tan covert cloth suits— 2 styles of the fly-front, tight-fitting
jacket: full taffeta silk lined; a perfect fit. A swell little gar-
ment for a summer vacation. Only ten of the $17 50 ones left.
To close them out (see cut above) $i:t.!tr»
Taffeta silk underskirts— The heavy demand for our $."> un-
derskirts has reduced the assortment to 16. Umbrella shape,
deep flounce: finely corded and lined with linen throughout; an
elegant skirt, all new this season. The balance will be closed
out at S^Jt.Oo Each
Silk capes— Heavy black silks, trimmed with lace, ribbon and
jet: prettily lined: the very newest effects; well worth $7 50.
Hale's price $5.00
Black serge separate skirts— This lot just arrived; as well
tailored as any $7 50 skirt in the market; thoroughly lined, full
width, perfect fitting; a smart little garment for everyday
use JM.OO
Me Call Magazines delivered over our counter 30c;
by mail 50c a year. A paper pattern free with every
subscription. A home magazine of interest to all women.
greatest increase in membership.
On the 19th of June. Aurora Lodge will
hold an open meeting. There will be a
visit by thc> grand officers— not an official
visit, hut a friendly urn — and the commit
tee on social hour will provide a good en
tertainment.
I N I >X PEN I > BNT FORESTERS.
At the last hold meeting of the board <
of deputies of the independent Order of j
Foresters \V. I. Avery. chairman, and I
Deputies Kern, Hurry. Scofleld and Han
sen Wire appointed a committee to ;ir
range fo* open meetings and entertain
ments to be given In Odd Fellows' Hall I
quarterly. It w:i s also decided that two |
we. ks before each s'.i-'h quarterly meet
tng there should be a trolley ride over the
electric lines for the benefit of the
members "f the local courts and their
lady friends and relatives. A committee
was also appointed to redlstrict the city,
so that it shall be divided In such a man- i
ncr as to allow the eighteen deputies to
visit three districts In one evening, six
deputies to a district.
A: the meeting of Court Ferba Buena
last Tuesday Recording Secretary Bent
ley resigned because 01 having engaged
In business which requires his attention
until late Into the night. W. l. Avery
was elected to succeed nim. This court
has In prospect a proposition to make the j
meetings Interesting and Instructive with;
a view to having a large attendance at
each meeting.
Organizers Duckworth and Jacoac are j
at Halfmoon Hay organizing a new court
there.
Last Thursday night there was an of- |
Belal visit by the deputies of district No. 3
to Court Madrone, and the meeting was
a pleasant and Instructive one.
B'NB BRITH. .
Last Tuesday night Cremieux Lodge';
ceiebr.-itei! its anniversary by an entertain
ment and ball in H. R. Hall. The pro
gramme included many pleasing numbers i
that were presented by Goldle Harris. I
Morning— "ln • Christian Unity, There is <♦>
Strength." Evening— "The Duty of the <«>
House." <§>
1 <...
Morning— "Why Christ Did Not Remain on <$>
Earth." Evening — "Lot— Business 13 <♦>
Business"; prelude, "The Shame and Sin <$>
of Our City." <$
, — . <#>
Morning— "The Man nnd the Plan." Even- <♦>
ing— "The Newest Christian Science." <$>
— — — — ______ < n
Morning— "Do Christians Die Well?" Even- <$>
Ing- "A Shin Without a Pilot" (iliu.-- .•
trated with dissolving stereoptlcon views); '<$•
prelude, "Should the Binding of Chil- ••>
dren's Feet Be Stopped?", (by request.) <$>
Morning— "Astonished Christians." Even- <••>
lntc--(Metrop'»Ttan Temple) "Back to <*>
Jesus, or When Christianity Discovers <$<
Christ"; prelude. "A Protest Agninst the <J>
Slavery of Chinese Girls In San Fran- ■♦>
Cisco." <t>
'.. ,«rv
Morning— "Motive; or Why?" Evening-— ■ ■$•
■ Mrs. Taylor will address the congregation <?>
on the Woman's Foreign Missionary So- -♦>
ciety. <$>
■ — «>
Morning — Sermon by the pastor. ' Evening — <»>
.. Same. ;, " ■' '. v <S>
<«>
_-^ — A,
Morning — "Life Abundant." Evening— <«>
Half-hour talks to people who think— ■»
•What We Ought to Think." :>;Trl& ■$
: — — •»
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening— <?>
. Same. <&
_ — <t>
Morning— Preaching by the pastor Evening
—Same. ) ■ -■-•■-■ "-&
... ________ 1 . ..
Morning— Preaching by the pastor Evening <s>
—Same. . <§
• — : : — — ■ — '■ — - <»>
MciniTiff— Pleaching by the pastor Evening >$
—Same. - $
! — _ — <&
Morning— "Shall Pentecost Come- Through <i>
the Young People's Movement? 1 Even- <$,
ing— "Jesus Christ as a Detective." , <t>
_ _ sir.
Morning— "Peter's Uplift." Evening— "A ■<?>
Soul in Trouble." - ' <$>
Morning— Sermon by the pastor; Sunday <^
school at 12:45 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:30 <i>
p. m. Evening— Sermon by the pastor. <§
Morning— Sermon by Rev. C. S. Nash, D.D., . <$;
of Oakland. Evening— Same. <$.
! — ■ i — . ,v
Morning— Sermon by Rev. E. H. A very, <«>
"Without God. Without Hope. Evening— <$
"The Gospel Story." <J
— . — <»
Morning— Sermon by Dr. BrooUs, "Trust in <$
God." Evening— No service. 4
■ - \5
%
' ■ : : i<*
Morning— "The Larger Revelations of Time <§
and Life."/ Evening— "The True Element <*
in Human Progress." <*>
'■<»
Afternoon— song service at 3; -■ youn? <>
men in general Invited. ;.- <$
Morning— "Ancient and Modern Necroman- <»
cy;- or Mesmerism and . Hypnotism." All <§
invited. 4»
Hales.
millinery.
Important news in Millinery. When fashion cuts her prices
It's time to think of buying.
INTERESTING NEWS IN THIS DEPT.
Thirty-five hats, not long from the workroom, reduce!
frcm 59 and $7 to $5
We do this to keep the workroom goin^.
Second — Itaihn spiit straw, Knox block sailors in white,
navy and black, selling at $1.25 each
Third— A Ii? lot of Canton and Milan sailors, in Kwx
block effects, white, navy and brown, ready to-morrow at...25c (
Fourth — Summer hats now bang shown in large assort-
ments. Particularly interesting lines in chiffon and fancy rib-
bon shirred hats. 1
Fifth — A few trimmed sailors made up in cream chiffon,
liberty silk and mousseline de soie from $1.50 to $3
Sixth— Some new prices on popular leghorns, just the sort
for vacation wear. Worth up to $2. Sell to-morrow at
25c, 50c, 75c and $1 each
children's wear.
The "come back" trade proves its quality.
Infants' short dresses— l2o in the lot; tine nainsook, tucked
and embroidery trimmed yoke front and back. Imitation hem-
stitched neck and cuffs. A pretty little $1 garment. At
Hale's 75c
Children's lawn hats— good for summ-r wear, all over
embroidery trimmed crowns, embroidery ruffhall around; with
strings 50c
Children's lawn hats— large shape; embroidery and tucked
crown, straight rim with two lawn ruffles anJ lace edge, full
crown and strings, good to keep off summer's tans. At
Hale's 75c
Children's black cotton hose— A good, tough stocking for
hard, knockabout wear, wide or narrow ribbed, fine maco cot-
ton, double knee, heel, sole and toe, fast black, seamless, sizes
sto 9Vi. At Hale's \&4g
Hale's domestics.
The department that made Hale's good goods famous.
Tapestr/ portieres— 63 pairs, 3 yards long by 50 inches
wide, in rococo, Bagdad, moire and empire effects, 8-inch
knotted tringe. All tne staple shades of our S4.SO and $4.25
lines will be dosed out at $3.50 pair
Tapestry portieres— B7 pairs in the lot, 3 yards long by 50
inches wide. Armure, Bagdad and repp designs, with a heavy.
1 10-inch knotted overthrow fringe. Old rose, red. terra cotta,
blue, brown and green. Our 56.00 line this week at $5.00
Table damask — 20 pieces of heavy bieached 62-inch table
damask, every thread pure linen 40c yard
OrganJie bouda — dainty shadow effects in plaid and lace
stripe pattf rns. Pretty for summer dresses 6'-»c
116 pairs white blankets — 90 per cent wool, wei?h 4^ and
5 pounds. None bul an expert could tell them from ah-wool
I blankets.
The $4.00 kinJ, 57x78 inches $3.20 pain
The $4.50 kind, 66x80 inches $3.69 pair
SAN FRANCISCO'S GREATEST
MA/1-ORDER HOtyst.
Miss Millie Holliday. Miss Cella Green,
Miss Mildred Levy, Julius Mandel and M.
].. Green, *-aeh winning much applause.
There were addresses by Junior Past
Grand President H. Gutstadt and by
First Grand Vice President L. B. Solo
mon. After the programme there was a
ball. The committee in charge was Sam
uel s. Green, George W. Alexander, D.
Land.-. A. Max. E. H. Morris. A. Berg
man and I. P. Strassburger.
On Thursday night Columbia Lodge cel
ebrated Its thirtieth anniversary in B. B.
Hall by .-i swell ball. The.re was a large
number of the members and their friends j
who greatly Enjoyed the good programme
of danc.s .iff, .red. I. Berzberg was the
floor manager and Louis Macho! his as
sistant. The function was arranged by
M. Zacharias, Adolph Wolte, H. Fried
lander, JflCOb Goldstein, Albert Kber and
Jacob Gunzberger.
KNIGHTS nr THE MACCABEES.
Last Tuesday night Golden West Tent
was crowded with members and visiting
Sir Knights who wished to be present at
the initiation of ten candidates by the
tent's team. This was effected in good
Btyle and then Sir Knight Unger of Los
Angeles entertained by giving a perform
ance which be calls a "one man orches
tra," playing half a dozen Instruments at !
one time. He also entertained with amus
ing stories. This tent, which lias, under
the supervision of Deputy Ermerin. made
wonderful progress, has appointed a com
mittee to arrange for a ball to be given
in Native Sons' Hall on the 12th of June.
San Francico Tent has appointed a com
mittee to arrange for the next smoker.
The Hustlers and the Hustlers of this
teni will conclude their work in June.
bill as yet it is impossible to say which
will dine at the expense of tne other. A
gold Maccabee charm will be presented
to the individual knight who has secured
the greatest number of apoucations. The
teni has adorned its wall with lfe-sized
pictures of IX P. Mark, y and W. S.
Boy n ton, the organizer? of the order, also
a picture In colors of the degree team.
The tent at its meeting May 12 had work
in the Initiatory degree.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
The ladies of San PranciscQ Hive No. s
are still very active taking in new mem
bers under tho special dispensation which
allows them to admit such during a spe
cified Period at reduced rates of initia
tion. The rivalry between Company A.
Lady Wasteria captain, and Company B.
Lady Hless captain, is becoming quite in
terestlng as the losing company must pay
for a supper to the winners and members.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
Thrre was considerable discussion in an
informal way last Wednesday nipht at
,1 X , sf . 3 sion of San Francisco Chapter on j
the best way to make the meets of an in- j
structive and interesting; character to at
tract a full attendance of all members.
it' Is expected that .it the next meeting
s,,n!.> definite plan will be decided upon.
In the meantime Supreme Deputy Mc-
Garvie who has fully recovered from his
receni Illness, will be engaged In active
work and he promised to have half a
dozen or more strangers for initiation at
the next meeting.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
On the nipht of the 4th inst. Grand Vice
Dictator Holcomb initiated two candi
dates for Keystone Lodpe in the presence
of many visitors. Grand Reporter John
stone and Grand Trustee E. F. Joy were
j present.
At the meeting of Yerba Buena Lodp;e
on the Bth inst. H. D. Smith, pVst dicta
tor, paid his farewell visit prior to his
departure for the Philippines, where hie
will establish a naval station for the
United States Navy Department. Mr.
Smith has always been an energetic
worker for the order and while in the
chairs an efficient officer. The lodge, to
show its appreciation of his services, pre
sented him, through Supi erne Representa
tive M. L. Crowe, a \< ry fine diamond
studded pendant suitably [ascribed. Dur
ing the evening Grand Assistant I>i't;t
tor Salomon, in company with the mem
bership of Liberty Lodge, paid Yerba
Buena a visit.
On the night of the 10th Yosemite Lodge
was visited by Occidental and Germania
Lodges and by members of other lodges.
Among the grand officers present were
Ben I. Salomon. G. A. D.; E. F. Joy. G.
T.. and M. L. Crowe, S. R.: and District
Deputies B. E. George and R. A. A. Sum
mers. There were stirring addresses,
songs and music, which made the event
an enjoyable one for the members and
visitors. .■ _
Two applications were filed with Occi
dental Lodge at its last held meeting and
there was a promise of many more.
Grand Dictator Archibald has issued a
circular calling upon each of the local
lodges to send two representatives to a
meeting to be held on the 27th inst. to
make arrangements to observe in a beiit
ting manner the twenty-sixth anniversary
of the foundation of the order, which will
fall on the 30th of June.
The official report of the recent session
of the Grand Lodge h;is been issued and
mailed to all lodges; also to the supreme
officers and to the grand dictator and
grand reporter of every State.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
California Council at its meeting last
Hales.
Tuesday night decided that hereafter the
lirst meeting in each month shall be de
voted to so.'i-il entertainment and t lie sec
ond meeting shall be strictly business. It
also arrant three open meetings
between now and the close of the year, at
which wives of members, their lady rela
tives and lady friends shall be invil
The address of State Senator Jan..
Field at the anniversary celebration last
Wednesday night was a most eloquent
effort a::d it was full of logical assertions
as to the good work in which the order is
engaged.
AMERICAN FORESTERS.
The first meeting of the new executive
council will be held in this city on the
6th of June, when the visiting board will
be organized so that it may start on its
work earlier than in the past.
The official proceedings will be in the
hands of the printer in a few days and
it will not be long before the work of
the Grand Court will be placed before the
officers of the various courts of the State.
At a meeting of Junior Court Pride of
the West last Wednesday Edward S
Isaacs was recommended for the posi
tion Of court deputy. A vote of thanks
was passed to those members of the
Grand Court who at the recent session
advocated the int. rests of the Junior
courts. An invitation will be sent to
Grand Chief Ranger Judge Hughes of
Sacramento to pay the court a visit.
"Our Boys at Manila."
The annual lecture of Tlnrromean Coun
cil No. 129, Y. If. 1., will be given at the
Mission Opera Hall. 2131 Mission street,
on Wednesday evening, May ::i. The sub
ject will be "Our Boys at Manila,"' and
it will be delivered by Pierre N. Boerin-
Xi r. who accompanied the Eighth Army
Corps to the Philippines. Tickets may l>e
obtained on application at the Institute's
headquarters, -! Fourth street.
" THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Stories High
Tabourettes in Oak or
mahogany finish, clover
leaf design, with shelf.
Handy flower stand ...6Oc
Tabourettes, Jardiniere Stands ani
Pedastals, in richly inlaid mahogany,
and golden oak. Handy and artistic
bits for home embellishment.
Clearance sale of Portieres— the first
"sale." ever at Friedman's. The price
has been cut exactly in half on 120
pairs.
Six patterns Tapestry Portieres, reg-
ular price SO. <;o, cut to 53.2S : two pat-
terns Tapestry Portieres, regular price
Jio, cut to 55- Variety of colors.
Five 'patterns Chenille Portieres,
regular price $3. $4, S4OO, S<; and $6,
cut to $1.50, $2, $2.25, $2.50 and S3.
CARPET DEPARTMENT
That big electric carpet sewing ma-
chine on the fifth floor is a hummer.
It is a marvel in mechanics— the only
one this side of the Rockies. It enables
us to lay carpets one to three days
sooner than formerly, and a good deal
better.
Half the first floor is carpets, running
into the rug r#om in the annex. Good
quality carpets, and good light to see
them.
Free delivery. Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley
M FRIEDMAN & CO.,
233 to 237 Post St., S. F.
Open evenings Near Stockton