no_textVOLUME LXXXV— NO. 145.
HOT FIGHT
WITH ENEMY
AT QUENGUA
Filipinos flouted, but the
American Loss Heavy.
Colonel Stotsenburg
flmong Slain.
■ Cnb!« to The Call and the New York I
Hei pyrlgbted, 1899, by Jarr.es Qor
aett,
MAXILA, April 23.— Ma
jor Bell, with a detach
ment of the Fourth Cay
■ irders to reconnoiter
of Malolps, left camp at 4
ock this morning. The de
tachment entered a district con
trolled by insurgents and pro
ceeded without meeting opposi- i
tion until it was suddenly sur
rounded by the enemy in large
force near Ouengua.
c Filipinos poured a heavy
fire into the small American '
force, which sustained severe loss.
The volunteer regiments of Ne
and lowa were hurriedly
red to reinforce the cavalry.
[owa men advancing on the
extreme ri^ht.
The fighting still continued at
11 o'clock, and two pieces of ar
tillery were hurried forward. Al- j
COL. STOTSENBURG
KILLED IN BATTLE
WASHINGTON, April 23. — Colonel John Miller Stotsenburg of the
First Nebraska Infantry, who held rank of captain in the regular
army, killed in the reconnolssance at Quengua, was born in In
diana, November 24, 1858, and appointed a cadet at the Military
Academy July, 1877, and graduated No. 41 in his class. He was ap
pointed second lieutenant of the Sixth Cavalry in 1881 and became a captain
December 14, 1898. He served with his regiment in Arizona and New Mex
ico from 18S?' to IS9O, at the dose of the latter year participating in the
Sioux campaign in the war at 'Wounded Knee. He was at Fort Niobarara
and served for a few months at Fort Myer, near Washington, going thence
to the Infantry and Cavalry School at Fort Leavenworth, Kans., where he
graduated with distinguished honors. Colonel Stotsenburg then served with
his regiment at Fort Leavenworth until December, 1897, and from that time
•to the following April was professor of military science and tactics at the
University of Nebraska. He was mustered in as a major of the First
Nebraska Infantry May 9 last and as colonel of the same regiment No
vember 10 1898. lie sailed with his regiment for Manila June 15.
In appearance he was short and slight and had rather an aesthetic coun
tenance, partly perhaps, due to the fact that he was always a very studious
man. He was a strict disciplinarian and the recruits he had to break in
during the early months of his command of the First Nebraska resented
his methods so bitterly that they procured the passage of a resolution of
censure against him through the Nebraska Legislature. Once they be
came engaged in actual warfare, however, the merits of his course became
so apparent that in response, to a very strong demand from the people of the
State and the soldiers themselves, the resolution of censure, by a formal
vote, was expunged from the legislative records.
Colonel John M. Stotsenburg was in command of the First Nebraska
Volunteer Infantry as the result of illness of an officer and the detachment
of another. The First Nebraska went to Manila in command of Colonel
Bratt and under his command took part in the operations south of Manila
against Malate forts and the attack and capture of Manila on August 18.
In the selection of officers for serious positions in the organization of the
government for the city, planned by Major General Merritt . and put into
execution by Major General Otis, Lieutenant Colonel Cotton of the First
Nebraska was made Deputy Collector of the Port. Later Colonel Bratt
became ill and was condemned by a medical board. General Otis ordered
him home and then, as ' - did not care to take Colonel Cotton out of the Cus
tomhouse, where he was doing excellent work, decided to select some other of
ficer for the command of the regiment. Choice fell upon Stotsenburg of the
Sixth Cavalry and he was named. At first there was strong opposition
from within the command, many of the other officers thinking that those In
the regular lines uhcnild be promoted.
Colonel Stotsenburg endeared himself to every man in the regiment and
brought tho command to a high sun.- of efficiency, Lieutenant Colonel
Cotton Btlll hold* hi« commission with the regiment, but la now Collector of
Custom*, having euccee<Ud General Whittler of New York, when the latter
Y&*> relieved as Collector.'.
The San Francisco Call.
OTIS' REPORT ON
QUENGUA FIGHT.
WASHINGTON, April 33.— The
following message regarding the
fight at Quengua was received
at the War Department to-day:
MANILA, April 2:?.— Adjutant
General, Washington : A re
connojssa.nce on Quengua place,
six miles northeast of Malolos.
made by Major Bell and a troon
of cavalry this morning resulted
in contact and a battle in which
four battalions of infantry and
four pieces of artillery became
engaged. Enemy driven from
hments at Quengua with
considerable loss; our casualties
quite severe. Colonel Stotsen
burg and lieutenant Sessions,
First Nebraska, killed: also sev
eral enlisted men. Considerable
number wounded, not yet re
ported, otis.
though the fight was unexpected,
it was the most severe and dcs
Continued on Second Page.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1899.
STEAMER CUT IN TWO
IN A COLLISION, YET
NOT A LIFE IS LOST
The City of Kingston and the Glenogle
Crash Together Off Browns
Point.
TACOMA, April 23.— The steam
ships Glenogle and City of Kings
ton came Into collision *svlth a
tremendous crash at 4:30 o'clock
this morning off Browns Point.
The Kingston was struck just back
of her boilers and cut almost
I squarely In two. In ten minutes her
| hull had sunk and her upper works had
j divided into two parts and were drift
! ing about. They were, .subsequently
towed ashore by the Glenogle and tugs.
Nobody was killed, though the escape
of the Kingston's passengers and crew
was nothing less than miraculous.
The Kingston was entering port from
Victoria and the Glenogle leaving for
Victoria, en route to Hongkong.
Browns Point is at the north end of
Tacoma harbor, six miles from the
ocea«n docks. Both steamships were
endeavoring to pass as near the point
as possible. The officers on each were
surprised to see the other steamship so
near in shore. The two vessels whistled
at about the same time, each signaling
to pass.
The Kingston attempted to pass the
Glenogle on the port side, and then,
realizing the certainty of a collision if
the Kingston attempted to get across
the Glenogle's bows, her engines were
reversed.
It was too late to avert the disaster
and the two vessels came together
with a crash. The Glenogle cut the
Kingston in two and the two parts
quickly separated and drifted apart.
The purser and night watchman went
through the Kingston's deck, awaken
ing the sleeping passengers and the
crew.
The firemen poured up out of the fire
room and the engineers escaped quick
ly from the engine-room to the decks,
crowding and jostling against each
other in their excitement . Many of
the crew escaped in only their night
clothes, while those sleeping more
lightly or nearer the deck were able to
seize some clothing. Men and women
I struggled with each other for places in
I the rigging, realizing that the steamer
was sinking.
The officers of the Kingston got out
the lifeboats and the Glenogle's crew
had one of its lifeboats into the water
before the big liner had been stopped.
The sound of the crash and the
shrieking of whistles of the two boats
aroused the crews on the ships in the
harbor. Captain Powles of the ship
James Kerr ordered out a boat and
men to the wreck with First Mate
Hole. The second mate was sent on a
bicycle for a tug, and the tug Victor
put off to the scene.
As the Kingston's passengers were
being taken off, one of the masts top
pled over and fell across . the deck
house, where a number of persons had
congregated, and the frail structure
gave way beneath the weight. Several
of its inmates were slightly injured. A
cabin boy floated off on a piece of
| wreckage and was picked up by the
boats.
Passengers on the Glenogle were
much alarmed and rushed scantily clad
to the deck, ready for a plunge into the
sea. Many of them were unnerved, and
; the ship's stewards plied a lively busi
ness with spirits and wraps. The
shock to the Glenogle was severe and
awoke every one instantly, nearly
throwing them from their berths. The
Chinese crew was excited, and, al
though kept under strict discipline, the
Mongolians chattered and squealed as
though they were mad. The discipline
was almost perfect aboard, and had
the vessel been in danger every one
would have been cared for by the
boats, which were manned also.
A. F. yon Ettllnger of Portland wan
one of the sleeping passengers aboard
the Kingston, His cabin was near the
point where the Glenogle struck the
Victoria liner.
. "As soon as the Kingston was
struck," said Mr, yon Ettlinger, "the
purser and night watchman were
about breaking window lights and
smashing in the doors to awaken the
passengers. Every one was notified of
the danger and ordered to get on deck
as rapidly as possible. The noise of
the crash had awakened most of the
passengers, and they poured out of the
staterooms in various attires. There
was yet time, and most of the passen
j gers were able to put on their clothes."
. The chief engineer of the Kingston
and his first assistant were asleep and
escaped in their night clothes only.
Rev. Horace. ll. Clapham. rector of
Trinity Episcopal Church, occupied the
stateroom : truck by the Glenogle's
prow, and was pinned in the wreck
age for several minutes, being released
only by the parting of the shin. His
forehead was cut slightly. He said:
"My cabin was No. 41, almost ex
actly amidships on the lower tier of
staterooms on the upper deck. I was
awake, looking out of the window, and
saw the Glenogle for fully half a min
ute before the crash. I saw she was
coming straight for us, but felt sure at
i first she would steer away. The next
moment there was a crash, and I was
Imprisoned in a pile of splinters. I was
pinned in fast and struggled hard, but
to no avail. I was certain- then I had
met death at last and resigned myself
to God.
"Then as the ships slewed around an
opening appeared in the debris and I
was freed. I took a piece of board to
pry a way out, and intended to use it
as a life preserver. Reaching the out
■ side, I was standing in the walk be
tween the staterooms and the rail, and
had no trouble clambering aboard the
Glenogle."- ' "
Ren Volkenberk, the captain's "boy,"
.was ' the hero of the collision. He
awoke Captain Anderson by breaking
in his door.
"We're bumped," comically ex
claimed Volkenberg.
■ The captain demanded an explana
tion, but the boy cut* him short with
the exclamation that the Kingston was
sinking.
"Orders, sir," .requested Volkenberg.
"Awake the glory hold," returned
Captain Anderson.
And the "boy" went forward to
arouse the sleeping crew. He returned
and assisted in getting out the passen
gers. A man went overboard and Vol
kenherg saved his life.
T. W. Wright, who w-_~ -.- "ie Kings
ton's deck, tells how her hull went
down as follows:
"Her hull went down like a. shot al
most immediately after the collision,
the masts disappearing below the sur
face like an arrow shot into the water.
People came out in all stages of dress'
and undress and climbed -~ high above
the water as they could. Only one man,
that I saw, jumped overboard, but
three or four were in the water. I
think two women went down In the
hull, but am not sure of it. ■ It was
clear enough to see everything plainly
and the trouble seer-- * to be a lack of
caution. The Kingston was not '. ex
pecting the Glenorle and got rattled."
The Glenogle was in charge of Cap
tain Matter of the North American
Mail Steamship Company. The most
plausible theory advanced, after a
study of the stories told, is that the
Kingston was proceeding toward Ta
coma under the <■ impression that the
Glenogle was lying at her dock. When
the Victoria liner rounded the point
and the Glenogle loomed up just ahead
the Kingston's officers were, at least
momentarily, confused.
It is said the Glenogle signaled the
Kingston to pass outsid* and had this
been done/witnesses say, the accident
would not have occurred. The King
ston's officers were probably unable to
distinguish the whistles, and In tho
attempt to pass Inside -ran '.directly
across the bows of the Glenogle. Th«
Glenaglo was probably acting on the
theory that the Kingston would pass
as she had been signaled to do. The re
sult was that both vessel* were headed
fn the same direction, and when the
Kingston's engines were reversed it
brought her directly ahead of the
Glenogle. In another instant the
Kingston had been cut in two as If by
a gigantic knife.
The City of Kingston was built in
Wilmington, Pel., for the Hudson
River trade. She was bought in ISS9
by Captain D. K. Jackson and is now
registered as owned by W. G. Pearse.
She was valued at the time of the acci
dent at $150,000, and was well insured
in foreign companies. She was 146
feet long. 33 feet 5 inches broad and 12
deep. Her net tonnage was 607.96. She
was one of the most commodious and
elegant passenger steamers in the
Northwest, having three decks and
stateroom accommodations for 300 per
sons. She has been on the Tacoma-
Victorla run ever since she was
brought to the sound, and had been
selected as the mail boat to Port
Townsend when the route is re-estab
lished June 1. She carried a crew of
nearly seventy men, all of whom were
accounted for after the collision.
The Glenogle is one of the largest
steamers ever in port. She is iron from
keel to bridge, and this accounts for
her fortunate escape in receiving but
slight damages in the collision. She is
140 feet long, net tonnage 2399. horse
power 700, maximum speed 14 knots.
The great ship made her first trip to
Tacoma in November. The shin had
been in the China-I,ondon and China-
New York trade for fifteen years, and
was famous for carrying the first of
the new crops Tr> market. The crew
numbers seventy-two.
The Glenogle was libeled to-r> ! ~M for
5140.000 by the Northern Pacific Rail
road Company. The ' " Sieges the
collision was caup-d by the careless
ness of the Glenogle's pilot in failing to
make proper signals.
An investigation late this afternoon
after a part of her cargo had been re
moved showed that five or six plates
on the Glenogle's port side were stove
in by the Kingston's guard rail. A por
tion of the rail is sticking out of a great
rent in hor hull, through which the
cargo in her forward hold is visible.
Hut for her collision bulkheads the
Glenogle would have sunk before get
ting ashore. Unloading will continue
all night. By morning her bow will be
sufficiently out of water to show the
exact extent of her injuries. Shipping
men estimate that the cost of her dis
charging, docking and replacing of
plat.s will reach at least $60,000.
In the hold of the Kingston was a
big ram, kept to lead nY "■ of sheep-on
and off. This animal was untied and
swam ashore as the boat was sinking.
BILLOT'S TESTIMONY
IN DREYFUS CASE
Former Minister of War Censured the *
Course of Lieutenant O
Picquart. q
PARIS, April 23.— The Figaro, continu- $
Ing its publication of testimony offered Q
before the Court of Cassation In the +
Dreyfus revision inquiriy, gives to-day Q
the deposition of General Billot, recently ♦
Minister of War. General Billot denied G
absolutely any knowledge that Ester- I
hazy bad rendered services to the gen- V
eral Btafl or had h;ul interviews with I
staff officers. He declared that the al- w
location of 80.000 fames to Esterhazy >
would have been impossible because of Q
the restricted resources of the Intelll- ♦
genee Bureau. O
H<* admitted he had recommended +
Colonel Picquart's prudence in the in- 0
vestigatlons aiming to incriminate Ester- ♦
hnzy, and had refused to authorize Gen- Q
eral" do Boisdefree to send Picquart to 4
Tonquin. He told of the latter"s en- Q
deavors to entrap Esterhazy by Inviting +
him to write a letter, adding that he n
(Btllot) opposed this plan. **
Finally Colonel Picquart seized one of J
Esterhazy's letters whllo !n the poet, and §
on rcpreaentatlons by General Gonze of T
the danger of such seizure., he (Billot) O
declined to send Picquart Into exile. The T
wltneM repudiated, however, any Idea of O
semllnjf him on a perilous mission. T
Qenent] Billot denied ever having said O
that Dreyfus ought to bo assassinated. T
In concluding his evidence, he maintained O
the seriousness of Colonal Picquart's con- t
duct. ' %
NEGRO TORTURED
AND BURNED TO
DEATH AT STAKE
Two Thousand Maddened Georgians
Witness the Horrible Lynching
of a Murderer.
PALMETTO, Georgia,
April 23. — Elijah Strick
land, the negro preacher,
was captured by a mob of
people from this vicinity
three miles out of town to :
night. He was brought to
Palmetto, and at midnight
was placed on trial for his
life by a court composed of
those who had arrested
him. Speeches for and
against his character were
made.
The trial took place in
an open vSquare in the cen
ter of the town. There
was no Judge nor jury, the
NBWNAN, Oa.. April 23.— 1n the
presence of nearly 2<w> people,
who sent aloft yells of defiance
and shouts of joy, Sam Hose, a negro
who committed two of the basest acts
known in the history of crime, was
burned at the Btake in a public road
EX-GOVERNOR WILLIAM Y. ATKINSON OF GEORGIA,
Who pleaded with the mob not to lynch the negro assassin, Sam Hose.
During the course of his address Atkinson was shot at by a man in the
crowd.
one and a half miles from this city.
The torch was applied to the pyre, the
negro was deprived of his ears, fingers
and other portions of his anatomy.
The negro pleaded pitifully for his
life while the mutilation was going on,
but stood the ordeal of fire with sur
prising fortitude. Before the body was
cool it was cut to pieces, the bones
ATLANTA CONSTITUTION
PLEADS JUSTIFICATION
ATLANTA, Ga., April 23.— The Constitution -will pay to-mnrrmv:
"The terrible expiation which Sam Hose was forced to pay for his
crime will arouse a flood of discuss inn, carried on by those who- know
the facts on the one side and by those who do not care for facts on the
other. But, while the form of this criminal's punishment cannot be
upheld, let those who are disposed to criticize it look into the facts — and
by these facts temper the judgment they may render.
"An unassuming, industrious and hard-working; farmer, after his
day's toil, sat at his evening meal. Around him sat wife and children,
happy in the presence of the man who was fulfilling to them every duty
imposed by nature. At peace with the world, serving God and loyal to
humanity, they looked forward to the coming day.
"Noiselessly the murderer, with uplifted arm, advanced from the rear
and sank an ax through the brain of the unsuspecting victim. Tearing
the child from the mother's breast he flung it into the pool of blood
oozing from its father's wound. Then began the culmination which has
dethroned the reason of the people of Western Georgia during the past
week. As critics will howl about the lynching the Constitution will be
pardoned for stating the plain facts.
"The wife was seized, choked, thrown upon the floor, where her cloth
ing lay in the blood of her husband, and ravished. Remember the facts.
Remember the dark night in the country home. Remember the slain hus
band, and, above all, remember that shocking degradation which was in
flicted by the black beast, his victim swimming in her husband's warm
blood as the brute held her to the floor. Keep the facts in mind.
"When the picture is painted of the ravlsher in flames, go back and
view that darker picture of Mrs. Cranford, outraged In the blood of her
murdered husband."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
people acting in those
capacities. Many wit
nesses were heard and sev
eral speeches were made.
At I o'clock no decision
had been arrived at, but it
was decided to adjourn
the court to the woods,
one mile out of town.
The sober element is
making an effort to save
the negro's neck. A num
ber of strangers are here
from Atlanta and other
towns, and they are trying
to force a lynching.
Strickland denied com
plicity in the crime. He is
60 years old.
were crushed into small bits and even
the tree upon which the wretch met his
fate was torn up and disposed of as
souvenirs.
The negro's heart was cut in several
pW'PS, as was also his liver. Those
unable to obtain the ghastly relics di-
rert paid their more fortunate posses
sors extravagant sums for them.
Small pieces of bone went for 25 cents,
and a bit of the liver crisply cooked
sold for 10 cents. As soon as the negro
was dead there was a tremendous
struggle among the crowd which had
witnessed his tragic end to secure the
souvenirs. A rush was made for the2
stake* and those near the body were i
forced against it and had to fight for
their freedom-. Knives were quickly
produced and the body was soon dls
memberedi
One of the men who lifted the can of
kerosene to the negro's head la said to
be a native of the commonwealth of
Pennsylvania; His name la known to
those who were with him, but they re
fuse to divulge It. "-**.. '
The mob was composed of citizens of
Newnan, Griffin. Palmetto and other
little towns In the country round about
Newnan.
General Atkinson met the mob as ho
was returning from church and ap
pealed to them to let the law take its
course.
A member of the mob was seen to
draw a revolver and take aim at Gen
eral Atkinson, who in speaking said
he would testify against the members
of the mob, but he was disarmed.
Before being put to death the negro
stated that he had been paid $12 by
Lige Strickland, a negro preacher at
Palmetto, to kill Cranford. To-night a
mob of citizens la scouring the country
for Strickland, who has left his home.
Sam Hose killed Alfred Cranford, a
white farmer near Palmetto, and out
raged his wife ten days ago. Since
that time business in that part of the
State has been suspended, the entire
population turning out in an effort to
capture him. He successfully eluded
pursuit until discovered near Macon.
Governor Chandler has been asked to
send troops here to preserve order for
a day or two, as it is feared the negroes
may wreak vengeance, many threats
to that effect having been made.
Hose has been on the farm of Jones
Brothers, between Macon and Colum
bus, since the day after he committed
his horrible crime. His mother is em
ployed on the farm and he fled to her
cabin for refuge. The Jones brothers
were not aware of the crime until a
few days ago and were not sure that
he was the much-wanted man. Sat
urday morning one of the Jones boys
met Hose, and as he was talking ro
him noticed that his ••ginger" face was
ebony black.
Convinced that V. ■ negro had been
blackened to escape detection and that
he was the man for whom the authori
ties had been scouring the country,
they determined to arrest him. This
morning they brought the negro into
Macon ana put him aboard a train
with the intention of bringing him to
Atlanta. At Griffin some one recog
nized Hose and sent word to Xewnan,
the next station, that the negro was on
the train.
When Xewnan was reached a great
crowd surrounded the train and pushed
into the cars. The Jones brothers were
told that the negro could be delivered
to the Sheriff of Campbell County
there and that it was not necessary to
take him to Atlanta. This was acceded
to and he was taken off the train and
marched at the head, of a yelling,
shouting crowd of white people to the
jail.
Here they turned him over to Sheriff
Brown, taking a receipt for the pris
oner, thus making themselves sure of
the $250 reward offered for his arrest.
"Word was sent to Mrs. Cranford at
Palmetto to come to Newnan to make
sure of the identification. In some way
the news of the arrest leaked out and
spread rapidly. From every house in
the little city came the occupants, and
a good-sized crowd was soon gathered
about the jail. Sheriff Brown was im
portuned to give up the prisoner and
finally turned the wretch over to the
waiting crowd. A procession formed
quickly and Hose was marched at its
head to the public square.
The Sheriff informed ex-Governor
Atkinson of Georgia, who lives in New
nan, and he came hurriedly on the
scene, and, standing in a buggy, im
portuned the crowd to let the law take
its course.
"The law will take its course," said
he. "and I promise you it will do bo
quickly and effectively. Do not stain
the honor of the State with a crime
such as you are about to perform."
Judge A. D. Freeman, also of New
nan, spoke in a similar strain. The
assemblage heard the words of the two
speakers in silence, but the instant
their voices had died away shouts of
"On to Palmetto," "Burn him," "Think
of his crime," were heard on all sides
and the march was resumed..
Mrs. Cranford's mother and sister
are residents of Newnan. The mob
was headed in the direction of their
house and in a short time reached
the McElroy home. The negro was
marched in the gate and Mrs. McElroy
called to the front door. She at once
identified Hose, and her verdict was
agreed to by her daughter.
"To the sta: c" was again the cry.
Several men wanted to burn him in
Mrs. McElrpy's yard. To this she ob
j' "■< ted, and the mob, complying with
her wishes. started for Palmetto.
Just as they were leaving Xewnan
word was brought that the 1 o'clock
train from Atlanta was bringing 1000
people to Palmetto. This was thought
to be a regiment of militia, and the
mob at once decided to burn the pris
oner at the first favorable place rather
than be com] lied to shoot .him when
the militia put in an appearance.
The mob, which now numbered near
ly 1500 people, hurried along the road
way. A line of bu I—les1 — les and vehicles of
all kinds, their drivers fighting for po
sitions in line, followed the procession,
at the head of which, closely guarded,
marched the negro.
One and a half miles out of Newnan
a halt was made. A little to the side
of the road was a strong pine tree and
up to this the negro was marched, his
back placed to the tree and his face
to the crowd, which jostled closely
about him. Here for the first time he
was allowed to talk. He said:
"I am Sam Hose. I killed Alfred
Cranford. but I was paid to do it. Lige
Strickland/ the negro preacher at
Palmetto, gave mo $12 to kill him."
At this a roar went up from the mob.
The intelligence imparted by Hose was
spread among them.
"Let him go on; tell all you know
about It," came from Vhe mob. The
negro, shivering like a leaf, continued
his recital.
"I did not outrage Mrs. Cranford.
Somebody else did that. I can identify
them. Give me time for that."
The mob would hoar no more. The
clothes were torn from the wretch in
an Instant. A heavy chain was pro
duced, wound around the naked body
of the terrified negro and clasped by
a lock at his neck. He said not a word
at this proceeding, but a moment later,
at the sight of half a dozen knives
flashing in the hands of members of
the mob, ho sent up a blood-curdling
yell. In another moment a hand trrasn
ing a knife shot out and one of the
negro's ears dropped Into another's
hand ready to receive it. Hose pleaded
pitifully for mercy and begged his tor
mentors to kill him guie 1 'y. His cries
were unheeded. His other ear was cut
off. Then his fingers, one by one. were
severed from his hands and passed
among the members of the maddened
crowd. The shrieking negro ,was.
quickly relieved of- other portions of hie
anatomy.
. "Come on with the oil." now cried
some one, and almost immediately a
hug" can of kerosene oil was placed at
the foot of the tree where the metro.
his body covered with blood from head
to foot, was striving and tuggine at
his chains. The can was lifted over
the negro's head by three or four men,
and its contents poured over him. By
GERMAN AGENTS OFFER TO
AID CUBANS TO REVOLT
AGAINST UNITED STATES
Captain Juan Fernandez, Who Fought Under
Maceo, Declares He Was "Ap
proached" at Paris.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted. 1889, by James Gordon Bennett*
© PARIS, April 23.— The Herald's European edition will to-morrow publish a letter from a correspondent tell- \ #
$ Ing the story of how alleged German agents approached Captain Juan Fernandez, here" In Paris, and offered to 8
,% supply him with arms and money to arouse the Cubans against the United States. Here is the summary of the £
ly tale told by the correspondent: SJ
£ Fernandez, who served with distinction under Antonio Maeeo, is a Cuban of Moorish extraction, born un- fij
£ dor the United States flag of Cuban parents, Is said to have considerable influence over the Maceo element of the «
i» Cuban army, which held out so long against Spain during the rebellion. Fernandez desires to inform the Herald 25
v that this (Sunday 1 * evening, while he was" smoking in front of the Hotel Terminus, he was approached by three 8
*y Germans, who knew his name and all about him, and began to rave about the selfishness of the United States 5j
# . Government in its relation to Cuba. gg
£> In the. course of their talk one of them showed Fernandez a photograph of a German officer, whom Fernan- £
45 dez recognized as the man speaking to him. The German went on to say that through Fernandez he could get S3
& the Cubans 250,000 francs at once and plenty more when required/with all the arms and ammunition necessary ££
•* for a prolonged rebellion against the United States Government, If Fernandez would work in Germany's in- j?
8 terest. • ~
£• At this Fernandez replied: "Gentlemen, I am a Cuban by blood, but I am a citizen of the United States, £5
O and will see you and Germany In before I would raisea finger against the land of my birth. I shall make $
•^ this public, if it costs me my head. Good day." " |5
£• Exit three Germans in great haste and confusion. o^
e<>*.o\o \o\o %<>!»« o\ o% o\o %o\o% s&d&o ?*osos*o?* os OB&na %o\o\ o\o\o \ov> ss&s $s* 08SO&3 zsossam •
this time a good supply of brush and
tire wood had been placed about the
aegro'B feet. This pyre was thor
oughly saturated and a match ap
plied. A llame shot up and spread
quickly over the pile of wood. As it
licked the negro's legs he shrieked
once and began tugging at his chains.
As the flames crept higher and the
smoke entered his eyes and mouth.
Hose put the stumps of his hands to
the tree back of him. and with a ter
rific plunge severed the upper portion
of the chains which bound him to the
tree. His body, held to the tree only as
far as the thighs, lunged forward, thus
escaping the llames, which roared and
crackled about his feet. One of the
men nearesi the burning negro auicklv
ran tip. and, pushing him back. said.
"Gel back Into the fire." and auickly
coupled the disjointed links of the
chain.
The road for a distance of a half
mile on each side of the burning negro
was black with people. The crowd sur
rounded the stake on all sides, but
none of those nearer than 100 feet of
the center was able to see what was
going on. Yell after yell went up. The
torch was applied about half-past 2,
and at 3 o'clock the body of Hose was
limp and lifeless, his head hanerinsr to
one side. The body was cut to pieces.
The cr^wd fought for places about the
smoldering tree, and with knives se
cured some pieces of his carcass that
<ii<i not fall to pieces. The chain was
red by hammers, the tree was
chopped d<>wn and such pieces of the
firewood as had not burned were car
■ w ay as souvenirs.
GOVERNOR CANDLER
TALKS OF THE LYNCHING
ATLANTA, (la., April 23.— Governor
: randier to-night gave the Associated
Press the following statement on the
; burning of Sam Hose:
"The whole thing is deplorable, and
Hose's crime, the horrid details of
which have not been published, and are
too horrible for publication, is the most
diabolical in the annals of crime. The
negroes of that community Lost the best
•t unity they will ever have to ele- |
themselves in. the estimation of
' their white neighbors. The diabolical ;
! nature of the double crime was well ,
! known to every one of them; the per
■ petrator was well kn r -"'i and they-owed
it to their race to exhaust every means
iof bringing Hose to justice. This
' course would have done more to elevate I
i them in the estimation of the good peo
! pie ami to protect their race against
i the mob than all the rewards and proc
lamations of the Governors for the next
fifty years.
"But they lost the opportunity, and
it is a deplorable fact that while scores
of intelligent negroes, leaders of their j
race, have talked to me about the
Palmetto lynching, not one of them j
has ever in the remotest way alluded I
to either tho burning of Palmetto,
which provoked th« lynching, nor to
the diabolical crime of Hose. I do not j
believe these men sympathized with
Hose or the Palmetto incendiaries, but
they are blinded by race prejudice
and can see but one side of the ques
tion. I want to protect them in every
! legal right and against mob violence,
and I stand ready to employ every re
source of the State In doing so, but
they must realize that in order to.
j merit airl receive the protection of the
: community they must show a willing
ness to at least aid in protecting the :
! community against the lav. less element :
i of their own race. To secure protection
against lawless whites they must show
a disposition to protect the white peo
ple against the lawless blacks."
One special and two regular trains
carried nearly 4000 people to Newnan
to witness the burning Of Sam Hose, or
to visit the sce^ne of the affair. The ex
cursionists returning to-night were
loaded down with ghastly reminders of
the affair in the shape of bones, pieces
of flesh and parts of tho wood which
was placed at the negro's feet.
One of the trains, as it passed through
Fort MePherson, four miles out of At
lanta, was stoned— presumably by no
' groi s. A number of windows were
broken and two passengers were pain
fully injured.
Governor Candler stated during tho
evening that he had been advised that
n mob of citizens from Fayettevlllc and
Woolsey were coming to Atlanta to
take George W. Kerlin from the jail
horo and lynch him. He murderer! Miss
1 Poarl Knott near Woolsey several days
ago and thr^w hor body into the river.
The Governor immediately ordered I
eight companies of the Fifth Tnfantry
(State militia) to be In readiness to
march to the jail upon order. It is bp
lieved. however, that the troops are
held in readiness to be sent to Palmetto
In case of an uprising of negroes there.
CASUALTIES AT QUENGUA.
WASHINGTON, April 23.— The following dispatch was received at
the War Department late this evening:
MANILA, April 23.— Adjutant General, Washington: Casualties at
Quengua to-day:
FIRST NEBRASKA.
Two officers and two enlisted men killed; two officers and
twenty-five enlisted men wounded.
FOURTH CAVALRY.
Two men killed and five wounded.
FIFTY-FIRST IOWA.
• Seven enlisted men wounded.
UTAH LIGHT ARTILLERY.
One officer and two enlisted men wounded. Total, 49. Names
in morning. OTIS.
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1899.
HOT FIGHT
WITH ENEMY
AT QUENCUA
Continued Frr>m First Page.
perately contested that has oc- !
curred since the fighting with the
Filipinos began.
It is known that the American j
loss was eight men killed and for
ty-three wounded. Colonel John j
M. Stotsenburg, commander of;
the Nebraska Volunteer Regi- j
ment, was shot through the heart ■
immediately after arriving. on the j
battlefield.
Major Bell had taken a party
of sixty-one to reconnoiter the;
enemy's position along the
Quengua River, the object of
the movement being to develop
the strength of the Filipino
forces. The detachment arrived
near Quengua at daybreak. It
continued to advance and drew a
heavy fire.
The cavalry detachment held
its ground until the enemy threw
flanking parties right and left and
almost surrounded the American
force. Then the cavalry drew
back until reinforced, a battalion
of the Nebraska Volunteers
under Major Morford being the
first to arrive. This force being
insufficient to drive the insur
j gents back, the remainder of the
Nebraska Regiment, with the
lowa Volunteer Regiment, was
i hurried forward, and then four
guns of the Utah Battery were
advanced to a fighting position.
Colonel Stotsenburg, com
mander of the Nebraska Regi
ment, arrived on the battlefield at
ii o'clock, having just returned
\ from Manila, where he had been
visiting his wife. He immediate
ly led an advance of the regi
ment, storming the enemy's
trenches, but was shot fatally, dy
ing instantly about two hundred
yards from the breastworks.
The Nebraska Regiment, how
i ever, continued to advance and
beat the insurgents out of their
position. Lieutenant Lester F.
Sisson of the Nebraska Regi
ment was shot through the heart
during the action.
The cavalry lost three men
killed and five wounded.
The loss of the Nebraska Regi
ment was five killed and more
than thirty wounded.
The lowa Regiment's losses
were slight. The heat during the
action was terrific, many pros
trations occurring.
The killing of Colonel Stotsen
burg is greatly deplored, his
reputation as a leader being unri
valed for courage and coolness.
The Nebraska Regiment's losses
during the present hostilities
have been greater than those of
any other regiment.
Several men were sunstruck,
one dying from the effects of the
heat as they lay waiting for the
artillery to come up.
Lieutenant Sisson . fell with a
bullet in his heart, the bullet
striking him near the picture of a
girl suspended by a ribbon from
his neck.
The Americans carried the
second trench with small loss and
are holding the town to-night.
SOLDIERS URGED
NOT TO REENLIST
CHICAGO, April 23.— A Washington!
special to the Inter Ocean says: Secre
tary Alger received from General Otis |
to-night a reply to the cablegram ask- i
ing him for particulars of the receint
by United States soldiers in the Philip
pines of what has been descr'bed by a i
member of the Cabinet as "treasonable !
and seditious communications from j
the United States."
General Otis says in reply to the Sec- j
retary of War that telegrams were sent
to soldiers urging the- - not to re-enlist
and that they were variously signed
■committee" and "the committee," and j
that some bore no signatures at all. \
Secretary Alger has not made public j
the text of General Otis' cablegram, j
and it is, therefore, uncertain whether
the comandmer of the forces in the !
Philippines has confided the names of
the senders of these seditious communi
cations.
General Otis, however, is explicit
enough to confirm the absolute ac
curacy of the Inter Ocean's story, first
published on Saturday morning, ex
posing the work that is being done by
enemies at home of the Government's
policy of subjugatine the Filipinos and j
bringing about peace in the Philip
pines
The cablegram of General Otis to the
Secretary of War is '. n i- the first link
in the chain of r>vi''^ no against the
authors of the treasonable propaganda.
Other proofs will be forthcoming from
time to time until the futile plot is fully I
exposed.
PRESIDENT RECEIVES
NEWS OF THE FIGHT
WASHINGTON, April 23.— Little in
formation came to the authorities from
General Otto to-day respecting the ope
rations i n the vicinity of Quengua, and
while regretting greatly the severe
losses sustained, they were loth to com
ment on it in the absence of fuller in
formation. From what was received it
is evident that the troops engaged in
the fighting were a portion of those
comprised in General Mac Arthur's di
vision, and probably were engaged in
clearing the jungle of bands of insurg
ents infesting it. Much admiration
was expressed for the valor shown by
the Americans under the strong fire of
the insurgents and in face of the un
favorable climatic conditions. The dis
patches were sent to the White House
for tho President's information. Adju
tant General Corbln was with the Presi
dent for a short while during the even
ing, and he was the only official of the
War Department who put in an ap
pearance.
DEATHS AMONG TROOPS
IN THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, April 23.— The fol
lowing weekly death report from Gen
eral Otis, received to-day, is as fol
lows:
MANILA, April 23.— Adjutant General,
Washington: Following deaths since last
weekly report: From wounds in action-
April 15, Joseph Grahowsky. private,
Company C, Fourth Cavalry; 18th. Archie
A. Aldrich, private. First Colorado; 20th,
Bruco L. Macey, private, C, First Ne
braska.
Drowned, accidental, April 21, John
Montgomery, sergeant, X, Third Artil
lery.
April 23— Jacob Boyd, sergeant, X
Fourth Infantry, variola: fith." Samuel J.
February, private, I, Eighteenth Infant
ry: 21st, Thomas Gauble, . private, D,
Third Tnfantry. diarrhoea; 26th. Joseph
Gompman. private. (5, Eighteenth In
fantry, malarial fever: sth, B. C. Chan
dler, private. C, Second Oregon, erysip
elas; 2«th. Charles M. Parsons, private,
M, First Washington, tuberculosis; 20th,
Jay E. Taylor, private, B. Second Ore
gon, peritonitis; 21st, Michael Ryan, ser
geant, A, Fourteenth Infantry. OTIS.
Left the Case to Enlist.
COLUMBUS, Neb., April St.—Lieu
tenant I-ester F. Sisson, killed at Ma
• nila, was born In this county and his
parents reside at St. Edwards. He was
' a printer by trade and worked on the
Times in this city when the call for vol
unteers was made. He was 23 years of
age.
WAR BREWING ON
DEAD MANS ISLE
Vancouver Defies Ot
tawa Government.
DECLARES A LEASE ILLEGAL
POLICE FOHCE BACKS UP THE
OITSf'S CONTENTION.
Representatives of Chicago Capital
ists Will Attempt to Take Pos
session Dy Force of
Arms.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, I*. C, April 2H.— On a
five-acre piece of land commonly
known as Dead-Mans Island, which
guards the entrance to the harbor here,
there promises to be a fierce conflict
between two forces to-night and early
Monday morning. The island was re
cently leased to Stuart & Wells. Chi
cago bankers and capitalists, for a
sawmill site. The lease was disputed
by the Mayor and City Council, on the
ground that the island is an imperial
naval reserve and cannot be leased.
The Dominion Government granted
the lease, and when it was disputed
by this city again looked into the mat
ter, and ratified its former action.
Armed with authority from the
Government, Theodore Ludgate. who
represents the capitalists here, arrived
in the city from Ottawa to take pos
session of the island and erect a mil
lion-dollar sawmill. On Saturday he
said he would take possession on to
morrow, although the city has armed
guards and policemen to prevent him.
Mayor Garden held a hurried confer
ence with some of the Councilors late
last night, and instructed Chief of Po
lice Stewart early this morning to place
the entire police force of twenty-five
men, fully armed, on the island and
prevent. Ludgate landing men there.
Ludgate yesterday engaged fifty robust
laborers, and at midnight managed to
get their tools secretly to the island.
He expressed his Intention to land
these fifty men on the island early to
morrow morning, no matter what op
position might be met. He is a deter
mined man, and as the city is equally
determined that he shall not get pos
session, a conflict seema Inevitable.
The policemen in a body will march to
the island at daybreak. They may be
outwitted, as it was learned from a re
liable source to-night that Ludgate
would land twenty-rive or thirty of his
men after midnight and surprise the
guards.
Ludgate said this afternoon:
"I am authorized by tht.- Government
to take possession of the island, and
will dcfk so, no matter what the < >iit •• >-
sition. I do not want to see 'bloodshed,
but I can only say the word 'defeat' Is
not in my vocabulary."
Mayor Garden said: "The police
force will be <»n hand '— ight and early
to prevent Ludgate's men landing. We
have taken the matter into our own
ha mis and will carry " through."
The island is now inhabited by fisher
men, who favor LiUdgate. When they
hi aid of the prospective fight to-day
they got out all of the «uns ami 1 1 -
vn lvors in the settlement and loaded
them in readiness to help the capital
ists, who have promised them free rent
on the island for all time. As the mat
ter now stands it is simply the Chi
cago capitalists and the Dominion Gov
ernment against the city.
Several thousand citizens, many in
favor of the mill scheme, will be on
hand to-morrow to see how the affair
turns out.
FATE OF YORKTOWN
PARTY IS IN DOUBT
WASHINGTON, April 23.— From a
dispatch received by Secretary Long
from Admiral Dewey to-day it is evi
dent that the latter is still in the dark
respecting the whereabouts of Lieuten
ant Gillmore and party of the York
town, who, it is thought, were am
bushed and captured by a party of
Filipinos while on a voyage to rescue
Spanish prisoners near Baler. The ad
miral says he is endeavoring to ascer
tain the situation of the lieutenant and
his party. The dispatch is in response
to an inquiry sent by Secretary Long,
not because the latter thought the ad
miral was not making every effort to
rescue the men, but to show the friends
of the prisoners that the department
was not Indifferent to their fate or re
miss in Its endeavors to assist them In
regaining their liberty.
PHILIPPINE REBELS }
AIDED FROM WITHOUT
LONDON, April 24.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Dally Mail says: A
Spanish prisoner recently released by
the Filipinos says -the insurgents have
50,000 rifles, plenty of ammunition and
200 pieces of artillery, some of them the
latest pattern of quick-firing suns. Ac
cording to his description of the situa
tion they established two large car
tridge factories, and as it is impossible
for the Americans to- blockade such a
coast as that of Luzon the Filipinos
can easily procure from abroad every
thing they require. Tho Informant as
serts that Chinese, European and even
American merchants doing business in
China are helping the Filipinos in this
way.
New Raisin Packing House.
FRESNO. April 23.— William Forsyth,
the raisin grower and packer, will begin
the construction of a new rai-sin seeding
plant and packing ' ouse next week, to
replace his handsome structure that was
destroyed by fire last summer. The new
plant will cost about $30,000 and will have
a capa ity of five carloads of raisins
daily. The plant will be completed in time
to handle this season's crop of raisins.
Counterfeit Revenue Stamps.
PUEBLO, Colo.. April 23.-J. C. Allard.
deputy revenue collector, has seized in
this city 14,000 cigars bearing counterfeit
revenue stamp?, the cigars having horn
made in Lancaster, Pa. Mr. Allard is
making a thorough search throughout his
district.
Roumania's New Cabinet.
BUCHAREST, Roumania, April 23.— M.
Cantacuzena has formed a Cabinet to
succeed the Ministry of Demtrio Strudza
which resigned on April 11. The Premier
will take care of the portfolio of the In
terior also. M. Lavovory will take care
o£ the portfolio of Foreign Affairs.
The Raleigh at Sandy Hook,
NEW FORK, April 24.— The cruiser
Raleigh, Captain Coghlan, bound for
Philadelphia, completed coaling to-day
and dropped down to Sandy Hook,
where she anchored for the night.
English Wheelman Wins.
PARIS. April 23.— Tn the fifty kilometers
bicycle race here to-day Tom Linton, the
Englishman, won In 55 minutes 33 seconds.
Edouard Taylor was second.
BANNER YEAR OF
FOREIGN TRADE OF
THIS COUNTRY
Exports the Largest Ever Re
corded and Imports Are
Exceptionally Small.
WASHINGTON, April 23.— The fiscal;
year of 1898 was the banner year of the !
foreign trade of the United States, our
exports being the largest ever recorded
for a like period and our imports ex
ceptionally small. According to a com
prehensive report just prepared by
Frank H. Hitchcock, chief of the sec
tion of forign markets of the Agri
cultural Department, the total value of
our domestic exports reached the enor
! mous sum of $1,210,291,913, exceeding
the record-breaking figures of the pre
ceding year by $178,284,210. On the
other hand the imports during 1898
were the smallest since 1885, their value
being $616,049,654, a decline of $148,685,
--| 568 of the figures of, 1897. Broadly stated,
! for every dollar's worth of foreign mer
'• c-handise brought into the United States
two dollars' worth or our products
found a market abroad.
Our dirv- •• exports, as compared
TWO DAYS AT SEA
WITHOUT WATER
Shipwrecked Men Reach
Shore.
SURVIVORS OF THE WHITNEY
THKILLING TALE OF AN OCEAN
DISASTER.
Second Lifeboat of the Foundered
Steamship Rescued After Hav
ing Been Given Up as
Lost.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. AUGUSTINE, April 23.—Consid
erable excitement was created here
early this afternoon by a small boat
out at sea giving signals of distress.
! Captain Allen immediately went to the
assistance in the yacht Baldwin. Upon
nearing the boat he found it to be the
missing lifeboat of the steamer General
Whitney, which foundered north of
Cape Canaveral during Friday night.
Captain Allen transferred the sailors to
his yacht and brought them to Cor
bett's deck, whore a large crowd
awaited them. Hot coffee and food
were given them at once on the boat,
and the poor fellows fairly banaueted.
The story of the disaster, as told by
Mate Mattson and his men, was a
thrilling one. One of the bulkheads
sprang leak from the heavy seas
which were prevaiing during the early
part of Friday night. All hands were
ordered to the pumps and worked hard,
but the holds soon began to fill in sDite
of their efforts. The officers and men.
i realizing that the steamer was settling
fast and certain to founder took to the
two lifeboats, J. W. Haw
| thorne and fifteen men went in the first
I boat and were never seen again by the
| remaining men.
Shortly afterward Mate Mattson and
the balance of the crew, fourteen men.
took to the second boat. That was
about midnight. They obtained a com
pass and began to row for shore. A
| strong wind was prevailing, creating a
i heavy sea, and the men at the oars
i could make no headway.
All day Saturday the men tried to
I reach shore, but could not even get a
glimpse ot it, and almost despaired
when they found they had plenty of
provisions but no water. They spent
all of Saturday night at the mercy of
the seas, which washed over their frail
boat frequently. Early this morning
they sighted land, and with redoubled
energies, made strong by^ desperation,
they took their turns at the oars. When
near tin. -ugh to land they improvised
a flag, which they tacked to an oar,
I and it was then that Captain Allen
went to their rescue.
The men, when they landed, were
drenched to the skin and almost fam
ished. They will await instructions
from Nrw York.
Besides Mate Mattson, who conducted
j the party through the rough trip, the
■ survivors are: Charles Andy, H. Kem
per, D. Jackson, Louis Cook, George
Cook, H. Louis, G. L. Olsen, Ed Sea
blum, Patrick O'Neal, N. Larson, J.
Nelson, George Lingo, J. Davis and
Thomas Ca-vanaugh.
These man were at sea in their open
skiff forty-eight hours and most of the
time without water.
NEW ORLEANS, April 23. — The
Southern Pacific Company officials in
this city have received no further ad
vices concerning the loss of the steamer
CHINA MAY HAVE
TO BE DISCIPLINED
Attitude of the Government To
ward poreigoers Becoming
iQtolerable.
PEKING, April 23.— The reactionary attitude of the Chinese Gov
ernment toward foreigners is creating for them an intolerable situa
tion which cannot be prolonged.
Promises made by the Tsung LJ Yamen are of no value unless ap
proved by the Grand Council, a ma jorlty of whose members are bit
terly hostile to foreigners and foreign influences. Unless some cnange
takes place soon, it is believed the powers will remonstrate directly
to the Empress Dowager.
As a demonstration of the ignorance of the Grand Council, that
.body has just given its approval to a new invention by the general
commanding the troopj in tl.e province of Pechlli, General Kangsu.
It consists of a sharp, shove -shaped instrument, capable of decapi
tating an enemy at a single blow.
There seems little likelihood that Li Hung Chang will return to
power. •
! with our imports, showed an excess of
! $594,242,259, or more than twice the ex
cess for 1597, which was the largest
previously reported.
An Interesting fact developed by the
report of Mr. Hitchcock is the increase
in the exports of agricultural products,
being 70.93 per cent of the total, or
$858,507,942, a gain of nearly*2s per cent
over 1597. Exports of this class also
show a greater gain proportionately
than non-agricultural exports.
our purchases of foreign agricultural
products in 1898 amounted to only
$314,291,796, as compared with $400,871.
--468 In 1897, a decrease of $86,579,672, or
about 22 per cent. The- value of the
American farm products sent abroad
during 1898 was much more thafj^t,
double that of our agricultural im-**
ports, the excess of the former over the
latter amounting to $544,216,146. In
1897 the excess on the side of agri
cultural exports was only $288,883,725,
and in the years immediately preced
ing still smaller.
General Whitney than were contained
in the press dispatches this morning.
The vessel belonged to the Metropolitan
line of New York and the crew was fur
niehed by that company.
Captain J. W. Hawthorne commanded
her pending the completion of the ships
now being constructed for the Morgan
Company at Newport News. He had
been in the employ of the Morgan line
for thirty years and this was the only
vessel he ever lost. The loss of the
General Whitney marks the first disas
ter accompanied by loss of life that has
ever occurred to a boat of the Southern
Pacific or Morgan line.
REDS BEAT THE ORPHANS.
Win the Game Through Errors in th«
■ ..First Two Innings.
' ' '; NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Cl _ "W. L. Pet. Clubs—' W. L. Pet.
St. Louis 5 0 . 1000 Cincinnati .. 4 4 -500
Philadelphia. 6 2 .750 Brooklyn .... 3 4 .429
Boston 5 2 .714 New York... 3 4 .429
Chicago 8- 3 .666 Plttsburg ... 1 4 .200
Baltimore ... 4 3 .571 Cleveland ... 1 6 .166
Louisville ... 4 3 .671 Washington.. 1 7 .12j
CINCINNATI. April 23.— The Orphans played
like wooden men for the first two innings and
the Reds grained a lead of eight runs. Phillips
collided with T)emont at first base in the eighth
inning and was knocked out. Taylor took his
place. The finish was exciting:, Chicago having
three men on the bases with but one out. At
tendance, 6600. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Cincinnati '21
Chicago 6 7 "6
Batteries— Taylor and Peitz: Taylor
and Chance. Umpires — Burns and Smith.
ST. LOUIS, April 23.— The two ball games
scheduled for to-day were not played on ac
count of rain.
■ ■ *
LADY SCOTT MISSING.
Disappearance of a Daughter of the
Earl of Cadogan.
LONDON. April 23.— The family of Sir
Samuel Edward Scott, Conservative mem
! her of Parliament for West Marylehone,
■ Is in a state of great consternation over
I the disappearance of I,adv Scott, who was
j Lady Sophie Beatrix Mary Cadogan.
i daughter of the Earl of Cadogan, Lord
Lieutenant of Ireland. The Dally Mail
says her ladyship drove out shopping on
the 17th, dismissed her coachman in Bond
j street and has not been seen since.
Lady Sophie Cadogan. who is In her
twenty-fifth year, married Sir Samuel
Scott, now in" his twenty-sixth year, in
1896: He is a lieutenant in the Royal
Horse Guards.
Ephraim P. Davis Dead.
SALINAS, April 23.— Ephraim P. Davis,
a druggist of C&strovflle, died suddenly
this morning after three days' illness of
pneumonia. The deceased, who was 58
years old, was prominent in politics In
Monterey County and at the last Presi
dential election changed from the Repub
lican to the Democratic party. He leaves
a widow, three sons and one daughter.
Ho will be buried under the auspices of
the Masons, of which order he was a
member.
Lineman Seriously Injured.
STOCKTON, April 23.— John Hunter, a
lineman, was brought to Stockton this
afternoon on the 1:19 train with both
bones of both legs broken between the
knee and the ankle and the bones of one
ankle fractured. While he was stretch
ing a wire five miles the other side of
Bethany a pole broke and fell upon
him.
Fireman's Leap for Life.
TACOMA, April 23.— A dry kiln and
store house at the St. Paul and Tacoma
Lumber Company's mills burned this
afternoon, entailing a loss of ahout $50,
--000. partially covered by insurance. Cal
Trosper, a fireman, hroko an arm in leap
ing to safety before falling walls. Sen
ator Foster is a heavy stockholder in the
St. Paul mill.
Rain Benefits Crops.
SANTA ROSA. April 23.— Rain has fall
en here to-day,- which will greatly benefit
f rowing crops. To-night indications
avor a heavy precipitation.
SANTA CRt'Z, April 23.— Heavy show
ers with occasional nail, fell to-day. The
rain is beneficial to growing crops.
Stockton's Relay Team.
STOCKTON. April 23.— Some changes
have been made in the Terminal City
Wheelmen team for the contest next Sun
day with Sacramento riders. The try-out_>
to-day resulted in the selection of' th*
following team: Barnes, Morris, Miller.
Fore, Ford, Shoemaker, Mcllugh.COGHLAN MAY
LOSE COMMAND
OF RALEIGH
CAPTAIN JOSEPH B. COGhjLAN, U. S. N.
I hotograph taken at Hongkong shortly after the battle of
which the Raleigh and her gallant commander bore such
art.)
NEW YORK, April 23.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: As a result of his allusion to
the conduct of the German fleet at
Manila during the war with Spain,
Captain Joseph B. Coghlan will, in all
probability, be relieved of the command
of the Raleigh- Secretary Lone: will
rot discuss Captain Coerhlan's .conduct,
but he consented to say when I saw
him this afternoon that no action
would be taken until he had heard from
that officer. It is presumed that Cap
tain Coghlan received this morning i
the letter sent by Secretary Long yes
terday afternoon, and it Is expected his
reply will be in the hands of the Sec
retary to-morrow or Tuesday.
Until action is taken in the matter it
is hoped by department officials that
Captain Coghlari will not make any
further public utterances of a char
acter reflecting upon the conduct of
Germany during the war. The depart
ment's communication indicates its dis
pleasure that Captain Coghlan .-iiould
I crn himself to make statements
prejudicial to the friendly relations be
tween the United States and foreign"
governments.
In his speech at the Army and Navy
banquet last night Captain Coghlan
said his remarks before the Union
League Club had been garbled, but he
would "not say that they were incor
rect in substance and r.ntrue, but they
were so distorted and twisted as to put
a different r.^.aning on them."
He will, by direction of Secretary
Long, furnish the department with a
correct version of his speech, and his
remarks made last night are, in the
opinion of the department, not apt to
help hir.i out. The Secretary has not
officially noticed the address rr.~ '■ by
Captain Coghlan last night nor will he
be likely to do so unless he should find
the explanation of the Union League
speech made by the Raleigh's com
mander unsatisfactory. In th?' - ■■■-«■
he will probably refer the latter re
marks to Captain . '...in for explana
tion. There is no intention in official
circles of a court-martial of Captain
Coghlan. The utmost that will be
done. If the present temper of the de
partment continues, will be to relieve
him of his command, write him a letter
of censure and note his conduct unon
his record. There '•no C '.i that as
soon as Captain Coghlcr.'fl answer is
received that the steps taken by the
k will be communicated to
the German Embassador with *>. proper
expression of regret at the occurrence.
As the United States was content with
the action of Germany in relieving Vice
Admiral yon Diederichsof his command i
of the Asiatic station, it is presumed
by officials that Germany xvi.. be satis-
ed with th" relieving of Captain Cbgh
lan.
DEWEY PREPARED PLANS
TO FIGHT GERMAN FLEET
April 22 friend of
Adn . v. who was with him on j
board the flagship Olympia during his ■
most trying 'lays before Manila and
who returned ;<> New York three
months ago, made this statement this
evening regarding Captain Coghlan's
recent utterances:
"Captain Coghlan of the cruisei
Raleigh told only a part of the Btory
..' the relations of Admiral Dewey with
Admiral Yon Diederlcha at Manila in
liis speeches at the Union League and
the Army and Navy Club here. The
that Coghlan <ii(in't teU were that
Dewey had actually drawn up a plan
of ban!' to fight the <ierman Admiral,
and it was complete in every deuiil-.
No preparation was left unfinished,
•aid if a clash had come Yon Diede-
V I'hs' squadron would have been as
annihilated as were the
Bhipa of Montijo's Beet
"Admiral Dewey and his officers had
noted the terrific effect of the rapid
fire guns on the Raleigh, Concord and
Olympia at the battle of Manila, li
. that it" a fight should
the Raleigh should do the heavy
work. Coghlan was to dash at tin- Ger
man Admiral's flagship and riddle her
with rapid lire puns. The plan was *o
rallze the crew of the German
hip with the guns of the Raleigh
lympla.
"The other American vessels were to
attack the other German ships. A large
f" American life was expected, but
laid his plans that by quick
in ship was to be al
lowed •
"Dewe'y consulted with all the cap
tains on the plan to be adopted, but the
final details were agreed upon at a eon
hlan.
This shower] the marvelous attention t>>
details thnt characterized Dewey's
naval managemi nt Tht Yankee rapid
uns were t> - ick.
"Coghlan's speeches here have made
n. The full details of Yon
nduci "> ivill come
out pome day. and when they do they
will startle the world. Dewey is known
u> have been exasperated several times
st to the ficrhtir.g point. Ammuni
tion was ready at all times and on i
than one occasion orders were actually
prepared to have the m<
the guns.
"T do not think rnghlan will ho pun
ished. His speeches were made j n clubs
at private receptions. Reporters were
admitted at the Union League <"luh
without C'ophlan's knowledge and
placed behind screens. Tlis speeches
were private matters and not puhlir In
any responsible sense."
The gentleman who made the fir^
poiner statement will repeat It at much
greater length in one of the June maga
zines, and over his own name, which
will convince the public of the authorl
tativeness of his utterances.
"HOCH THE KAISER"
WAS WRITTEN IN PARIS
Special Cable t^ Thp c-.-ill nnd the X«>w Tork
Copyrighted, 1889, by Jam"? Gor
■ ■•
PARTS. April 23.— There is evidently
an officer of the Raleigh who knows a
. thine: when he seed it. Tn the
Herald's dispatch from New York it
was stated the song sung by ''aptain
Coghlan at the Union League banquet
was the composition of one of the
mari: of his ship. As a raat
f fact, this skit (in the Kaiser's
assertive personality was first pub
lish'd in th<- European edition of the
H< raid of January 7 last, and was the
work of ;i well-known humorist whose
an-Eng!' h characterizations have
made his norn de plume a household
word. As our contributor wished to
remain anonymous, his desire shall he
until he himself comes for
ward to claim the honors of paternity.
THIS NAVAL WARRIOR
TALKS AS HE FIGHTS
Captain Coghlan as Ready With
• Tongue and Pen as With
His Sword.
It v/as apprehended by the friends of
Captain Coghlan that he would be
likely to "stir up the animals" in the
diplomatic circus when he returned,
and he has done it. The gallant Ken
tuckian is as good a talker as he is a
fighter, but unfortunately for him ho
has never had the benefits of a tour of
shore duty in Washington and thus
been made to api reclate the advantage
Of silence or dissembling, and every one
connected with the Washington short
navy knows the importance of these
two adjuncts t> a naval officer's edu
cation.
•Joe" Coghlan, as he is known in the
service and among his numerous
friends oj. this coast, would have been
a rank failure as a diplomat, for In
is quick to resent an injustice and is
not sparing in his criticism of what he
considers shortcomings in the navy,
lit- has on three occasions given the
Navy Department some uneasiness and
passed through two court martlala as
a result of his too free expression of
individual opinion; the first being In
1876, when he wrote a pretty strong
letter to the chief clerk of the Bureau
of Navigation remonstrating against
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1899.
SPANIARDS ARE
LEAVING CUBA
Going Before Our Troops
Are Withdrawn.
APPREHENSIVE AS TO FUTURE
CASTILIANS TAKE NO CHANCES
WITH THE NATIVES.
Anonymous Letters and Threats
Have Thoroughly Frightened
the Former Rulers of
the Island.
HAVANA. April 23.— Every now and
again some prominent Spaniard calls
upon Major General Brooke and en
deavors to learn in a more or less dip
lomatic way how long the United
States Government intends to occupy
Cuba. Such a caller usually says that
his stay will be only as long as that
of the American troops.
The same sort of questions are asked
of the United States military authori
ties at the various provincial capitals
and of such civilian Americans as are
supposed to be cognizant of the pur
poses of President McKinley in the
main. The Spaniards are apparently
apprehensive of the future, and pas
sage to Europe by the French and
Spanish liners is being booked three or
fmir months ahead. Last month 6468
persons left Cuba for the United
States, many of whom were Spaniards,
bound ultimately for Spain. In the in
terior districts the Spaniards are kept
in constant discomfort by anonymous
threats.
Charges of dishonesty brought
against certain American civilian pur
chasing aucnts for the Engineering
Department of Havana are now under
inquiry. The complaints are said to
have originated with Spanish dealers,
who allege that they have been invited
to offer bribes.
Sino Caca, a foreman of street clean
ers, has been detected in offerin- a pay
roll containing thirty-two names, while
h" had but twenty men "rider his direc
tion.
Captain Oreble will succeed Captain
John Gary Evans as Police Magistrate
and Superintendent of the Department
of Corrections.
One of the local papers asserts that
several former Spanish officers, now re
i siding here, intend to offer to the
United States, through Covernor-Gen
! oral Rrook'e, their services in the cam
: paign against the Filipinos. Senor
r In second-hand books.
Is quoted as having said that he and
his friends are confident of being able
to enlist a regiment in Cuba.
The official returns show that during
the first quarter of the year $r>,:m.ooo
was imported and $2 ~" ""9 exports*!,
: all the latter going to Spain except
$12iiO, which went to thf United States.
In a fierce electric storm at Flor de
Sagua yesterday a boy was killed and
two girls Injured by lighming.
The temperature in Havana at 3 |
o'clock yesterday afternoon was 78 de- j
grees above zero.
some imposition. William P. Moran
was the oldest civil employe in the
Navy Department and cherished the
belief that his thirty-three years'
clerkship in the Secretary's office made
him an invaluahle and Indispensable
part nf the navy. Unfortunately for
Coghlan, Commodore Ammen took the
aggrieved clerk's part and a court
tial resulted. Coghlan was ad
judged guilty of scandalous conduct
and sentenced to suspension for one
year. During this term of enforced
idleness Coghlan took up the study of
law and when in a few months it was
intimated to him that his sentence
wmild be shortened if he would apolo
to Mr. Moran, he declined t" take
any BUCh sh"rt cut to favor, and even
expressed the hope that the clerk
would go to a hotter place than Wash
ington is during th<> summer. Coghlan
lost fourteen numbers in that one year,
and his recent promotion of seven
numbers leaves him still five numbers
Bhort of the place he held in 1876.
In 1889 while in command of the Mo
hican a three-column letter appeared
in the Vallejo Chronicle severely criti
cizing the Steam Engineering Depart
ment of the Navy, showing its lack of
progress in that it was "always one
cylind< r behind the times" In the intro
duction of new engines, and incidental
ly the writer rubbed the fur the wrong
way on numerous persons in the navy.
This letter was signed "J. B. Coghlan,
Commander, U. P. N.," antl it naturally
caused a commotion in Washington.
Chief Engineer TvT^l ville was especially
aggrieved in having his corps charged
with "lagging one cylinder behind,"
and the Navy Department ordered
Coghlan to stand trial by court mar
tial for "conduct to the prejudice of
grind order and naval discipline." The
burden of proof remained with the
court, and as Coghlan would neither
admit nor deny the authorship, and as
the editor of the Vallejo Chronicle was
at this particular time afflicted with a
temporary loss of memory as to what
had appeared in his paper, the court of
course pronounced Coghlan not guilty.
He lost his command, however, and re
mained unemployed until January,
1891, when he was ordered to League
Island. There he again narrowly
escaped being called to account for
talking tOO freely. The timber dock
culvert was smashed to pieces through
the neglect of some official and a Phil
adelphia reporter found Coghlan lo
quacious on the subject: so much so
that an inquiry was held by the Navy
Department, but as it was proved to
the satisfaction of the board of officers
that the reporter had misunderstood
Mr. Coghlan, he got off without a
scratch.
DEATH FROM SMALLPOX.
Brother of a Los Angeles Councilman
the Latest Victim.
T.nS ANGELES, April 23.— John Pessel,
who was classed as a suspect on Friday
and declared to bo afflicted with smallpox
en Saturday, died at the hospital to-day.
11. had smallpox of the most malignant
type. He was a locomotive fireman and a
brother of Councilman Pessel. No new
cases of smallpox were found to-day.
Implement Warehouse Burned.
OMAHA, April 23.— The warehouse of
the Kingman Implement Company, lo
cated on Pacific street, between Ninth
Street and the Burlington railway sta
tion, was totally destroyed by tire to
night. together with all contents. The
loss is 1170,000, of which $100,000 is on
stock. Ii is insured for three-fourths the
value. Three alarms were turned in at
B:10 o'clock. In less than five minutes the
big structure was one mass of flames. It
was early apparent that the building
could not be- saved, and the firemen dl
rected all their efforts to protecting other
property. The building was a five-story
brick structure and contained a big stock
of wagons, buggies, harrows and plows
and other implements.
Farmer's Sudden Death.
SACRAMENTO, April 23.— Joseph"
Heintz, a farmer in the northern part of
the county, died suddenly to-night of
heart disease.
CHILD'S LIFE LOST IN
A SAN RAFAEL FIRE
Heroic Work of Boys in Rescuing In
mates of the Burning Sel
- born School.
SAX RAFAEL. April 23.— Fire
broke out in the Selborn school,
near this city, at o'clock this
morning, and in less than an hour
the beautiful structure was a
mass of smoldering ruins. Thousands
of dollars' .vorth of property was de
stroyed and the life of little Felix Arm
strong was sacrificed, despite the
Ptrenuous efforts of four youthful he
roes to save him. Two oiher children
and a nurse girl narrowly escaped
death in the burning building, and owe
their lives to the same boys, whose no
ble endeavor to rescue the child that
perished proved unavailing.
While th • flames were reddening the
Bky and paintinr the hills, shrubbery
and residences around about a crimson
tint, while they roared and crackled
and filled the air with burning sparks,
which fell on all sides, women rushed
wildly back and forth, sobbing find
screaming and praying a kind Provi
dence to take pity on those who had
not yat made their escape. Strong men
stood V with blan 'ied faces and si
lently watched the kaleidoscopic
changes. The lack of facilities for
fighting fire made it impossible for
them to do anything elsV.
The Selborn school was a private in
stitution for boys, situated a half mile
north of the Hotel Rafael. William
Babcock, one of the directors, was also
virtually its owner, and Rev. Charles
Hitchcock has for the last eighteen
months been employea as principal.
About forty pupils of different ages at
tended the institution, and it has al
ways been looked upon as an exemplar
of its kind.
When Ah Quern, tr-- Chinese cook.
who slept in an outbuilding with an
other Chinese and a Japanese servant,
arose from his bed shortly before 5
o'clock this morning to get a glass of
water, he noticed smoke issuin&r from
the basement door and gave the alarm
by rushing into the corridor of the
building and shouting at the top of his
lungs. Principal Hitchcock and wife
slept on the lower floor, there being
three stories to the structure, and were
instantly awakened by the alarm.
Hastily donning their garments they
rushed out into the corridor, to find
that One end of the building was a
mass of flames. By this time # the
Chinese had succeeded in arousing the
students, and they came rushing down
the stairway in their night clothing.
MISSOURI RIVER
RISING STEADILY
Above the Danger Line
at Omaha.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, April 23.— The Missouri
River has continued to rise steadily
during the past twenty-four hours and
is now above the danger line. At the
foot of Farnam street, where the big
Omaha and Grant smell is located,
the water is within about two inches
of the top of the bank and any addi
tional rise will inflict great damage on
the smelter property. The Union Pa
cific tracks are partially u-der water.
The river is a roaring torrent and
filled with all kinds of debris. Below
the Union Pacific bridge 't is three
miles wide and the Burlineton tracks
are lapped by the waves. The current
that has set in from Florence Lake
The flames were seen in the heart
of the city by Night Watchmen Peter
O'Brien and Jacob Miller, who sounded
i the alarm by ringing the bell at the
I fire engine house, and Id a short time
! the fire department and three-fourths
of the population of the town were
rushing to the scene. Owing to the
distance and the fact that water had to
be conducted through 2000 feet of hose,
the department was unable to render
any assistance beyond keeping the
flames from spreading to the adjoining
buildings.
Just as the flames began to leap
through the roof, Mrs. Hitchcock, who
had been rushing frantically around in
Bearch of her two little children, Mer
vyn and Ida. caught sight of them in a
dormer window of the upper story.
They had been in charge of a. nurse
girl named Margaret Bloomfield, and,
when they made their appearance at
the window, wore clinging to her and
sobbing in their fright. The screams
of the mother soon drew the crowd to
the front of the building and every
body began to cry for some one to
fetch a ladder.
At this exciting juncture William
and Rudolph Lichtenberg, youthful
sons of William C. Lichtenberg, the
San Francisco commission .merchant,
who lives near the site of the school,
appeared, dragging a heavy ladder,
and shouts of encouragement arose
from the crowd. They were quickly
changed to cries of horror when the
ladder was found to be too short by
ten feet. Losing no time, the boys
placed it in as advn 'Tgeous a position
as possible and William Lichtenberg
ran to the top. He was followed by
Hugh Walker, the son of a lady who
conducts a lodging house at San Ra
fael.
The boys shouted their instructions
to the nurse, who took the children by
the wrists, one at a time, and lowered
them to Lichtenberer. who caught
them by the ankles and, letting them
swing clear of his support, lowered
them headfirst to Walker. He in turn
handed them to Rudolph Lichtenberg,
whose position was near the foot of
the ladder. When the children were
placed safe in her arms the anxious
mother was in a fainting condition, but
soon recovered.
As soon as the children were safe the
problem confronting the boys was how
to effect the rescue of the nurse, which
promised to be no simple matter. The
girl remained cool and courageous, al
though the heat from the flames creep
ing along the roof was fast becoming
unbearable. At William Lichtenben;s
command she clambered out of the
window, and, hanging from the sill,
southward is very strong amr n an addi
tional rise means a pro' -ble shifting
nt the river channel. During the night
twenty families were driven out. The
bottoms are now completely covered.
Reports from up the river show that
the water is faHilng, but the rise here
is likely to continue another twenty
four hours.
KANSAS --iV Mo., April 23.— The
Missouri River at 7 o'clock this even
ing had reached three inches above
danger line and was still rising to
night. The current is exceeedingly
strung, and serious damage to property
in the lowlands may result. Men wore
kept busy to-day driving the squat
ters to higher ground, and farmers and
others spent the day in moving th-Mr
pioperty and belongings to safe places.
The only real damage that has resulted
so far has been the flooding cf several
cellars of business houses on the river
here. Gangs of men were working
steadily all day pumping out water
and removing goods. It is believed the
Tiv>T will reach its height to-morrow
a: 1 '<?gin the fall to-morrow night.
Shafter Returning Westward.
DENVER, April 23.— General William R.
Shafter stopped herevthis evening, en
route to San Francisco. He took dinner
with Cioneral H. C. Merriam and left at
7:3 ii o'clock over the Denver and Rio
Grande.
David Quinn a Murderer.
SACRAMENTO, April 23.— Pierce Surge
son, the young man who on Friday last
was shot over a game of cards by David
dropped into his arms. The distance
was only a few feet, but the brave boy
had to hold on with one hand and
catch the with the other. He was
nearly overbalanced by the shock, but
recovered himself and the two reached
the ground uninjuced.
It was about this time that little
Felix Armstrong was missed. The fire
had now communicated itself to the ad
joining gymnasium and any attempt at
rescue would place the rescuers be
tween two fires, but the boys hesitated
not an instant. As soon as they leorn
-led the location of the little fellow's
room on the second floor they hoisted
their ladder, and, headed by Fred Hof
: fnr, cl-imbtred up with the "intention of
i entering the room, but it wai too late.
As they reached the window the flames
burst forth from the room, singeing the
hair and scorching the faces of the
foremost lad. Reluctantly they were
compelled to return to the ground.
They had hardly withdrawn to a place
of safety when the roof fell in and the
two buildings became one mass of fire.
When the flames had exhausted
themselves sufficiently for water in
buckets to be thrown upon the ruins,
the firemen, searching under the direc
tion of Chief Johansen, found the
charred and unrecognisable remains of
the little lad still reclining upon his
iron bedstead. It is probable that
death was caused by painless suffoca
tion from the smoke and fumes before
the flames touched him. The remains
were taken to the Morgue by Coroner
Eden and an inquest will be held to
morrow morning.
Little Felix was the only child of
Captain Richard F. Armstrong of the
First California Volunteers, who re
signed bis position with Shreve & Co. to
go to Manila in behalf of his country.
The mother died some time ago. While
the brave soldier is perhaps dreaming
of the day when his feet will once
more tread the soil of his native land
and his heart be gladdened by the sight
And caresses of his little one, the child
lies lifeless on a bare slab in the
Morgue. One soldier's home-co^;rn;
will be a sad one, indeed — for him
there is only a little mound of earth
with its marble henrWono.
The total loss by the fire is estimated
at nearly $40,000. the insurance being
$20,000. In addition to the loss of the
buildings, with all their appurtenances,
many valuable manuscripts belonging
to Octavius Hates, the late principal,
perished in the flames. Part of the fur
niture and othfr fixutres were saved
by the citizens who were the first to
reach the spot after the alarm was
sounded. Tho --'~ ! n of the fire is a
mystery, although the insurance agents
think it was caused by a defective flue.
Principal Hitchcock and his wife
luckily moved their quarters from the
upper to the lower floor two days be
fore the fire. In describing the scenes
occurring during the excitement, Mr.
Hitchcock said two of the instructors.
S. J. Halley and W. Ruehner, escaped
from the building by jumping from the
second-story. They were --* »-* — cd.
Quinn. died to-day. Surgeson made an
ante-mortem statement to the effect that
the shooting was without provocation. An
autopsy showed that death resulted from
blood poic .ing.
DYING MAN ACCUSES
WIFE OF POISONING
Terre Haute Physician in an Ante-
Mortem Statement Says He
Was Given Arsenic.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind.. April 23.— Dr. B.
F. Patton, a well-known specialist in the
cure of cancer and the proprietor of a
large sanitarium in this city, is lying at
the point of death from the effects of ar
senic and chloroform poison, which he
claims was administered by his wife.
Late last night the invalid asked that
the prosecutor and Coroner be summoned
and to them made a sworn statement to
this effect. Tn addition Dr. Patton re
quested that a post-mortem examination
of his body be made in order that the
true cause of his death might be ascer
tained.
Mrs. Julia Patton, the accused woman,
has filed proceedings for a divorce and is
now at one of her farms near Newmar
ket, Ind. She has been married four
times and Is worth something over $100,
--000 in her own right. No steps have been
taken to apprehend her.
Victory for Woodland.
RED BLUFF, April 23.— The baseball
game between the Woodland and Red
Bluff teams on the local diamond to-day
resulted in a victory for Woodland by a
score of 12 to 9.
SAYS QUAY WILL
NOT BE SEATED
Ex-Comptroller Eckels*
Opinion.
SENATE'S 'PROBABLE ACTION
i
PRECEDENT ALMOST CERTAIN
TO BE OBSERVED.
Failure of Legislatures to Name Sen
ators Aids the Movement foi
Elections by Popular
Vote.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 23.— Hon.
James Eckels, ex-Comptroller of the
Currency, in an interview printed in
the Times of this city says that almost
a crisis has been reached in the fail
ure of four States to elect United
States Senators at a time when the
Senate is confronted by as grave prob
lems as ever have come before it. The
result of this situation will eventually
be, he thinks, a constitutional amend
ment whereby .Senators will be chosen
by a direct vote of the people.
"Matthew Quay of Pennsylvania has
little prospect of ultimately retaining
his seat in the United States Senate,"
said Mr. Eckels. "The action of Gov
ernor Stone will not be upheld by the
Senate. I think the Senate will con
sider it the same as in the case of
Oregon's Senator, when the Governor
attempted to appoint Corbett to suc
ceed Mitchell.
"If the Democratic party In the cam
paign of 1900 stands upon the Chicago
platform, it is certain of defeat," said
Mr. Eckels^ "The silverites can no
longer denend upon the support of the
Western States in case they lose in the
East."
When asked for his opinion of the
Storehouse signature law of California,
Mr, Eckels said:
"The law is absolutely ridiculous and
an infringement on the rights of the
| press."
BOTH MARQUARDT AND
HUFFNAGLE ARRESTED
Two Germans Placed Under Detention
by the Porpoise's Captain
at Apia.
RERUN. April 23.-Sinre the publica
tion yesterday by the Lokal Anzeiger of
letters from its special correspondent at
Apia and from Herr Marquardt, who was
military instructor there under Tamas
ese and held the post of Justice of the
under Mataafa until the de
parture of Dr. Raffol. the belief is held
in official circles that both Herr Mar
quardt and Herr Huffnagle were placed
under arrest simultaneously.
The inference first drawn in Berlin
from H< rr Marquardt's letter to the
Lokal Anzeiger was -.hat it was he, and
not Herr Huffnagel, who was arrested
by Captain Sturdee. commander of the
British warship Porpoise and subse
quently transferred to the German war
ship Falke. on condition that he would
not go ashore.
Messages • Sent Through Space.
CHICAGO, April 23.— Professor Jerome
J. Green continued his experiments in
wireless telegraphy in Chicago to-day
with uniform success. He sent signals
from the life-saving station to a moving
tug on the lake, a distance of one and
a half miles. As a crowning feat of
the day the relay nn the tug gave out in
succession the letters which form the
name of "Marconi." •
Roeber Challenges the Turk.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 23.— Ernest
Roeber, the champion Graeco-Roman
wrestler of the world, to-night issued a
challenge to Hyder Ali, "the Terrible
Turk," for a match to a finish. Graeco-
Roman style, for the world's champion
ship. Roeber stands ready to post a $500
side bet.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WE CARRY the most complete
line of Trusses on the Pacific
Coast. We have all makes
and all styles — have an expert fitter
also, and the fitting is just as im-
portant as the truss. ' You get the
benefit of fifteen years' experience.
No extra charge for the truss
Single Trusses $100 upward
Double Trusses $2 00 to 18 50
Electric Belts $2 35 to f 25 00
Electric Batteries $4 90 to $25 00
Obesity Belts 50c to So 00
Elastic Stockings, stout Bilk $2 25
Should er Braces 75c
Hot Water Bottles 50c
Fountain Syringes 70c
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
L V^949-951 MARKfeTSI
Jf ■ -liEXr-XO_rtALEBROS. —
STUDEBAKER'S,
MARKET AND TENTH STS
JUST R,EOE3I"VE!ID-
PNEUMATIC TIRED ROAD WAGONS
AND SURREYS.
Latest styles, best of work, strictly up to
date. In addition to this new work we ar*
making greatly reduced prices on a large lin*
of nigh-grade Surreys, Road Wagons and Bug-
gies. Best of repair work on short notice.
PURITY Dse /^
HEALTH wood's fa*m
BEAUTY facial Cream *^r
Naturally follows the use of WOODBURT'S
Facial Soap and WOODBURY'S Facial Cream.
Being strictly antlsetic, their cleansing and
purifying effect Is unequalled. For salt every-
where. .......
34
THRONGS OF NATIVE
SONS AND DAUGHTERS
ARRIVE AT SALINAS
Hospitality of the City Extended
to the Many Stranger
Guests.
SALINAS, April 23. — Lowering
clouds marked the dawn of this,
the all-important day of the year
for Salinas— day on which the
delegates to the Grand Parlor,
Native Sons of the Golden West,
arrived for their week of high jink?, in
terspersed with work. At S o'clock this
morning Jupiter Pluvius reminded the
people that he was still doing business
at the old stand by sending a light
shower down upon the city and its gay
decorations. Universal gloom settled
down upon countenances that only 1; si
night were beaming, for while as a
usual thing. Salinasites gladly welcome
anything in the shape of rain, this time
they felt aggrieved at its appearance
and were indignant that so little re
spect was shown to the beauties of the
city's gala tire.
In a short time. hov.cvor. old Sol took
charge of things nee more and held .
the center of the stage during the re
mainder of the day. Jupiter Pluvius re
mained fractious, continuing to send
threatening clouds and all kinds of
ominous signs just to keep the people
alarmed. .
When the Bun made its triumphant
entry into the heavens two rainbows
could be seen, one ceiestial and the
other terrestrial, the latter running up
and down and hither an I thither until
all the city was full of its brilliance.
Bright colors deck public buildings,
business houses and private resi
dences in all parts of the city. Indeed,
the few places that are not decorated
have so lonesome and forlorn an
nspect that an involuntary feeling of
sympathy is occasioned thereby. The j
great banner of America waves in ;
triumph from housetops and building
fronts. The golden yellow of the Na
tive Sons is everywhere mingled with
the red, white and blue of the republic
and the red and white of the golden
commonwealth. Color and brightness
delight the eye at every turn. The
California bear and the miner of '49 of j
The days of old.
The days of gold.
The days of 49.
Are prominent features of nearly all I
decorations, while "the man with the
Foap," who does imitation frosting on
glass has produced some very artistic |
effects on the big plate-glass windows
>f business houses and hotels.
Some of the most artistically bedeck
-d houses are those of W. H. Py
burn, Hon. Jesse D. Carr, Mrs. M. E.
Cook J. J. Wyatt, W. R. Johnson, B.
V. Sargent, F. B. Day. S. F. Geil, C.
Rieghold and A. L. Luce. Japanese ]
lanterns, that so readily lend them
selves to artistic effects, are prominent
features in these decorations. When
lighted at night the effect was pictur
esque.
Such was the sight that met the eyes
of the Natives who came to-day, many
of them for the first time, to this beau
tiful and prosperous city of the great
Salinas Valley— the city whose well
nigh inexhaustible resources are just
coming to be adequately known to in- ,
State at large. Salinas first attracted |
attention because of being the center
,f the beet-sugar Industr" and the site
of Claus Spreckels' great sugar factory,
now nearly completed, but once known
It has made great strides into promi
nence and popularity, and is to-day the
most enterprising and progressive city
of its size In California. An evidence
of this is the present royal entertain
ment it is offering to many hundred
visitors from all parts of the State. A
city of only 5000 population that can of
fer not only acceptable but brilliant
entertainment to nearly 2000 guests for
an entire week, is certainly one that
will quickly make its mark in the his
tory of the State.
Santa Lucia Parlor, the Salinas or
ganization, that has worked so un
tiringly for the pleasing entertainment
of the grand officers, delegates and
visitors who arrived to-day, is a fine
example of Salinas grit. One of the
youngest parlors of the State— having
been organized ten years — and with
the prospects of the worst year,
financially, in the history of the State
staring it in the face at that time, it
Bent delegates to last year's Grand Par
lor with instructions to capture the
Grand Parlor for the present • session.
This the delegates did to the entire
satisfaction of all, and certatinly the
order never met a more hearty welcome
and sincere hospitality than that ac
corded it here. The local parlor has
ninety members, many of whom figure
prominently in county affairs. Among
these are: H. R. Farley, County Sheriff;
James Taylor, County . Treasurer;
Elmer P. Alexander, Tax Collector;
Lou G. Hare, County Surveyor; W. J.
Irvine, chairman of the Board of
County Supervisors; F. W. Sargent,
Deputy County Clerk, and DA. Porter,
Deputy County Surveyor.
Some of the past presidents of the
parlor are: J. J. Nowlin, T. J. Rlordan,
R. E. Keney, W. M. Vanderhurst, John
J. Wyatt, W. J. Irvine, John L.
Mathews, the celebrated ex-Sheriff; N.
G. Wyatt, C. F. Lacey, T. B. Johnson.
W. T. Duncan. B. V. Sargent, W. W.
Zabala, M. C. Clark, J. A. Anderson, E.
J. Harris, DA. Porter and E. Dough
erty, nearly all of whom are leading
men in city and county affairs.
With its smile of welcome and its glad
hand extended Santa Lucia Parlor, and,
In fact, all Salinas, met the 1:39 p. m.'
train to-day and took possession of the
arriving delegates. Native Sons crowd
fd seats, aisles and platforms upon the
train, even invading the baggage-car
There were nine cars, orawn by two en
gines. The high jinks begun by Stan
ford Parlor in San Francisco last night
appear to be still on to-day. The natives
poured off the train more like a crowd of
rollege men 'at a rush than a company
of staid and dignified jurists, legislators
and capitalists, whose brains, deeds and
g-old have done bo much to make their
r.atlve State as great as it is to-day
The din produced by the simultaneous
ictlon of two brass bands playing dlffcr
ant airs, the shouts of greeting and the
aughter of several hundred strong
iunged men, the cheering of the waiting
crowd, the noise of the train bell and
escaping steam and rattle of the cars—
with pandemonium such as this the
3rand Parlor made its initial entrance
into Salinas.
Troop C of the National Guard of Pall
Pears'
Pears' soap is noth-
ing but soap.
Pure soap is as gen-
tle as oil to the living
skin.
fornia, 100 strong, in full uniform and
commanded by Captain M. C. Burke, and
about eighty-five members of Santa Lucia
Parlor, accompanied by C troop's '^nd ar
rayed in the regulation army blouse and
white duck trousers, marched to the de
pot. The reception committee boarded the
train, and, emerging with nearly 700 dele- .
gates, their relatives and friends, mar- ;
Bhaled them into line and commenced
their slow progress up Castrovtlle and
Main streets to Armory Hall, where hand
shaking was the order of the hour. The
procession was headed by the Troop c
band. Troop C followed, acting as a
guard of honor to the reception commit
toe and the grand officers of the Grand
Parlor. Next came Santa Lucia Parlor
and one body of delegates. The Fifth
Regiment band of San Jose, preceded by
D. A. Porter, chairman of the committee
on music, was followed by the remainder
of the delegates, while citizens of Salinas
in carriages and on foot completed the
procession.
Of course, the übiquitous kodak fiend is
here. Large numbers of him and many
kodaks were visible In the procession.
That portion of the population of
Salinas not at the station awaited the
delegates along Main street, and men,
women and children surged up and down
that street from end to end. Fully 3000
people were in a space of a few blocks
of this one street alone.
The informal reception at the armory
was presided over by the executive com
mittee of Santa Lucia Parlor. The execu
tive committee has established its head
quarters at No. 211 Main street, and the
: ration bureau also is at th.s place.
The secretary of the committee or one of
his assistants will always be on .nnd for
the convenience of visitors ana to take
charge of all mail and telegrams not other
wise addressed. The headquarters are pro
fusely decorated with gold, and red, wnlte
and blue bunting. Rags and o'her appro
priate emblems. Carriages a id busses will
always stand in front of these headquar
ters in readiness to take visitors abnut the
city and to points of Interest, each vehi
cle driven by some one acquainted with
Salinas and its surroundings.
The promenade concert was this after
noon's chief event. The music was sup
plied by Conterno's Fifth Regiment band
from San Jose. The band was stationed
in the newly erected stand on Main
street. In respect to the day its pro
gramme consisted chiefly of sacred selec
tions.
An immense crowd thronged the streets
all afternoon and up to a late hour to
night. Although it was Sunday, shop win
dows were bright with illumination and
the electric street lights mingled with the
more subdued colors of thousands of Jap
anese lanterns to excellent advantage. \
These long lines of lanterns are proving [
wonderfully effective features of the
street decorations. Many ladies were in
the throng and their dainty gowns and
hats added not a little to the beauty of
the scene. The excellent open-^ir concert
rendered by the Salinas City band closed
the day's programme.
Most of the remaining delegates will ar
rive here to-morrow, although some will
be detained till Tuesday. Two entire par
lors of Native Daughters, from Watson
ville and Hollister, will arrive to-morrow
and representative- of ,man v other Native
Daughters' organizations of the State will
grace the occasion with their presence.
The following grand officers and dele
gates have thus far registered at the ex
ecutive committee headquarters:
Past Grand President George D. Clark, Grand
President W. M. Conley, Grand First Vice
President Frank Mattison, Grand Second Vice
President H. C. Rust, Grand Secretary Henry
Lunstedt, Grand Treasurer Henry S. Martin,
Grand Orator Frank L. Coombs, Grand Marshal
W. A. Q&Bton, Grand Inside Sentinel John
J. McMahon, Grand Outside Sentinel- A. W.
■ Feidler, Grand Trustees Lewis F. Byington.
! H. H. Mr-Noble, D. E. Morgan, Fletcher A. ]
Cutler. A. W. North, Joseph K. Hawkins,
Adolph Ramish.
California No. 1, San Francisco— W. D. Shea,
.]. P. Dockeryi W. W. Shannon, J. .1. Jamison.
Sacramento No, 3 — William J. Feathereton, C.
M. Hunt, T. A. Cody, William V. Kellogg.
Marysville N0.. 6— H. Marcuse.
Stockton No. George E. Catts, A. J. Tur
ner.
Argonaut No. 8, Oroville— E. B. Ward.
Placervllle No. 9— T. Alderson, J. F. Me-
Kee.
Pacific No. 10, San Francisco— James O. Gara,
S. V. Costello, Daniel A. Ryan, Leonard Stone.
Humboldt No. 14, Eureka — C. Julius Janssen,
W. C. Elsemore.
Amador No. 17, Sutler Creek, Amador County
— O. C. Randolph.
Arcata No. 20— Roy P. Nelllet, J. Boutelle
Tilley.
> hi. ...» No. 21— A. Abrahams, George F. Rob
inson.
Ban Jose No. 22— J. B. Williams, James P.
Sex.
Yosemite No. 2-4, Merced— Joseph Goldman.
Sunset No. 26, Sacramento— William Cole.
Santa Rosa No. 28— C. O. Dunbar, J. E. Gan
non.
Golden Gate No. 29, San Franclcso — Fred Suhr
Jr., Thomas Stewart, J. F. Dryer.
Woodland No. 30— A. M. Britt. M. C. Reefer.
Mission No. 38. San Francisco Porcher.
Solano No. 29, Suißun — Edward Dinkelsplel,
W. J. Stern.
Fremont No. 44. Hollister— M. T. Dooling.
Alameda No. Max Glass, L. L. Schuler.
Plymouth No. 48— Lawrence Burke.
San Francisco No! 49— Thomas A. Hearty,
E. L. Rlttore, John Honninar.
El Dorado No. 52, Pan Francisco—
Bragg D. D. Lowney, W. J. Hawkins.
Hydraulic No. 66, Nevada City— Lee A. i
Garthe, George Calanan. James J. Hanley.
Quartz No. 58, Grass Valley— L. Jones,
W. Williams.
Los Osob No. 61, San Luis Oblspo — H.
Smith.
Napa No. 62 — J. T. York, Herman Nussber
ger.
Mount Tamalpais No. 64, San Rafael— W. F.
Ma gee. W. J. Eden.
Watsonvllle No. 65— J. L. Mann.
Redwood No. 66, Redwood City— D. Hay
wards. Henry F. Butts.
Calaveras No. 67, San Andreas — E. W. Loef
fler.
Rincon No. 72. San Francisco— W. J. Wynn,
L. F. Sericono, F. E. Wallace.
Stanford No. 76, San Francisco— E. Barry,
H. Martin. 9
Vallejo No. 77— R. G. Winchell.
Palo Alto No.S2, San Jose— J. H. Galllgan,
Henry W. McComas.
• Yerba Buena No. «4. Ban Francisco — Fred W.
Lees, Joseph E. O'Donnell.
Sierra No. 85, Forest Hill, Placer County— F.
E. Allen.
Cali.stoga No. m. Callstoga— C. A. Carroll.
Mount Rally No. 87. Weaverville— R. E.
Cochran, R. W. Stiller.
Golden Star No. 88, Alton. Humboldt County
— F. C. Hauck. /
Santa Crux No. 90— R. H. Pringle. M. Besse.
Georgetown No. 91— G. F. Heindel.
Downieville No. 92— F. R. Wehe.
Ferndale .No. 93— A. M. Aggeler.
Golden Nugget No. 94, Sierra Thomas
J. McGrath.
Seaside No. 95, Halfmoon Bay — James P.
Burke.
Las Poeltos No. 96, ■ LI verm ore— M.
Hupers.
Santa Luciano No. 97, Salinas— P. E. Sea
bala, L. U. Grant.
Lassen No. 99. Susanvillo— A. Slfford, George
N. McDow.
• Bay City No. 104, Pnn Francisco— G. W.
■pinkelspiel, Saul Manner. - •
Niantic No. 105, .San Francisco James B.
Keenan, F. G. Drury.
Contend No. 106— Charles E. Hollister.
Ramnna No. 109, Los Angeles — Frank Sa
blchi, H. C. Llchtonberger.
Sonoma No. Ill— Benjamin Weed.
Eden No. 113. Haywards— A. Oakes,
M. D. Temoleton.
Cabrillo No. 114. Ventura— J. F. Cerf, E -M
HlrF.chfelder. *
derick No. 117. Point Arena— C. M. Am
j seley.
National No. IIS, . Pan Francisco— F. P
Wrhe. D. E. Murden, R. L. Radke.
Piedmont No. 120, Oakland— Frank BarneL
George E. De Golla. W. H. L. Hynes.
; Nlpomo No. 123— Frank W. Dana
. Mountain No. .126. Dutch Flat, Placer County
George W. Johnson.
Wislerla No. 127. Alvarado— F. B. Grander Tr
Quincy No. 131— C. E. McLaughlin. H i? Lee
Oabllan No. 142, Castroville— W. H Mliier "
i Hesperian No. 137, San Francisco— L. H
Kohn.
Hcrnltos No. 13<!— C. B. Cnvagnnro
T,uolumno No. 144. Sonora— Thomas F Gorm
ley. George Kelly.
Aicatraz No. 14".. San Francisco— James L
Gallagher, C. H. Turner. ' "
Halcyon No. 14«. Alameda— R. Knowland
Ban Marcos No. 150, San Miguel— w p'
Courter. ■ ' '
Brooklyn No. 151. East Oakland— M 8
Hauser. . ■ • • .
Alcalde No. 154, San Francisco— J. A. De
voto.
South San Francisco No. 357— Edward J
Taaffe. Thomas F. Stack.
Sea Point No. 168. Sausallto— R. Milton
Lower Lake No. Henry T. Bower.
Sequoia No. 160, San Francisco— L. C Pis
tole*!, W. p. Johnson.
Dormer No. 162. Truckee— H. BlackwelL
Altamont No. 167, Occidental. Sonoma County
— Nel«njr Dni^s. ' " ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1899.
OLDEST ADMIRAL IS
NINETY-FOUR TO-DAY
REAR ADMIRAL THOMAS O. SELFRIDGE, U. S. N.
WASHINGTON, April 23.— Rear Admiral Thomas O. Selfridge St., U.
S. N., retired, will celebrate his 94th birthday to-morrow. He
was born in Massachusetts, appointed to the navy from that State
on January 1, IMS. at the age of 12 years 9 months, and has now been
eighty-one years three months and twenty-three days in the service. Dur
ing his earlier days he made some voyages in merchant vessels, as our
navy was considerably reduced in ships for many years after the war of
ISI2, and there was but scant employment for the officers. He took an
active part in the Mexican War and was severely wounded in the treach
erous attack by the Mexicans at Gugamas, necessitating his return to
the East. AYhen the Rebellion broke out Commodore Selfridge was too
fur advanced ln years to accept active duty at sea, and he was assigned
as Commandant of the Mare Island Navy Yard 1562-4 and again in 1573.
In the latter year all retired officers were withdrawn from active service,
and hi has eve:- since resided at Georgetown, D. C, but for many years
has paid an annual visit to San Francisco, where he has two sons residing.
R r Admiral Selfridge is probably the oldest living officer of that
rank in any navy in the world, and there is no navy which has two Ad
mirals, father and son, both retired. Rear Admiral Thomas O. Selfridge
Jr. was born February' 6, 1836, joined the navy at the age of 15 and retired
last j-ear. The second eldest son is Commander James Russell Selfridge,
born July 11, LS49, and in the navy since 18G4. He is likely to become a
Real- Admiral In about ten years.
The father of the navy and the senior Rear Admiral enjoys good health,
due in a large measure to his simple mode of life and correct habits. He
Is mentally as active as he was thirty years ago, and takes a lively in
terest in the affairs of that navy with whose fortunes, rise and progress
the old sea veteran has been prominently identified.
Re'llarvi" No. Richard M, Meek Jr.
Byron No. 170— J. A. Kennedy.
Mariposa No. 171— Manuel S. Ala rid.
Keystone No. 173, Amador City— M. Tread- ;
well, William McLaughlin.
Observatory No. 177, San Jose — W. I. Bosh-
Esparto No. 179, Madison, Tolo County— Phil
a. Tun. _
Orange No. 180, Pleasant Grove, Tuba County
— C H. Trevathen.
Nlcasio No IS3— Joseph L. Redding;.
Menlo No. 185. Menlo Park— Charles H. Smith.
Tracey No. ISG— C. W. Sulllnger.
Precita No. IS7, San Francisco— M.
Hickey, James M. Hanley.
Olympus No. 189, San Francisco—
Mocker, O. C. Pratt.
Etna No. 192, Etna. Slsklyou County— J. P..
Smith. .,,,. T
Presidio No. IM, Ran Francisco— William J.
Attridge, Loute H. Mooser. _■
Athens No. 195. Oakland— Ben F.
Corona No.' 196, Los Angeles— D. W. Edelman,
Corona No. 188, Los Angeles— D. W. Edelman,
A. D. BaTham.
Honey Lake No. 198. Janesville, Lassen County
—William M. Bronson.
Rio Vista No. 199 J. M. Sullivan.
Alder Glen No. 200. Fort Bragg, Mendoclno
County— Henry W. Little.
Marshall No. 202. Ban Francisco— Leon Vlller.
A large number of others, who are I
neither delegates nor alternates, are here.
To-morrow morning the opening session !
of the Grand Parlor will be held, after j
which there will be an excursion to ,
Spreckels and a trip through the sugar \
factory. In the evening a public recep
tion will he tendered the Natives at Arm
ory Hall, at which time the keys of the
city will be turned over to them. The j
Native Daughters will assist in this re
ception.
CLEMENCY PROMISED
POLITICAL PRISONERS
Pledge Made by King Humbert of
Italy at the Tomb of
Garibaldi.
CAPRERA, Island of Sardinia, April;
13.— King Humbert and Queen Margher- !
Ita, who left the. bay of Avanol this af
ternoon on board the royal yacht Savoia, j
the squadron saluting, arrived here after |
a comfortable trip and left for Rome
this evening.
While in Caprera their Majesties vis
ited the tomb and monument of Oari
daldl and the room in which he died, r
They remained in the apartment a long
time Inspecting Bouvenira and conversing
cordially with Menotti Garibaldi, the son j
of the patriot, and with other members of ■
the family. It is said that Signora Can
zio Garibaldi's daughter, addressed to
the King before her father's tomb an ap
peal for clemency to political prisoners.
According to the reports King Humbert
replied: , ,
"Mv heart Is not opposed to clemency. ,
and I shall not fall to seize the first fa- I
vorable opportunity of acceding to your
request." __^»,
EMBARK FOR ROME.
Departure of Catholic Prelates From
Argentina and Chile.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tnrk
Herald. CopyrlKhted, 1899, by James Gor
don F.rnnett.
BUENOS AYRES, April 23.—Arch
bishop Oastellano, accompanied by vari
ous Argentine and Chilean Bishops, em
barked to-day on the Italian steamer Du
chessa di Genova for Rome. They are go
ing to attend the South American Coun
cil. The Catholic societies prepared a
great manifestation In honor of the pre
lates.
ITS WORK IS ENDED.
Executive Committee of the Red Cross
at New York Dissolved.
NEW YORK. April 23.— At a meeting of
the executive committee of the National
Red Cross in this city the committee w-ns
dissolved and the affaire and funds of the
organization here will be turned over to
the National Red Cross In Washington.
The report of the treasurer, George C
Boldt, shows cash receipts of $90 140 of
which $66,091 is set down to the credit of
the American National Red Cross relief
committee of New York, and $11,782 to do
nations by firms and individuals; cash
disbursements, $52,724, leaving a balance
of ?7414.
The disbursements were the following:
Chackamauga Park station. $]9.784- Jack
sonville, Fla.. station, $13,318; B. H. War
ner, agent, Washington. $W00; California
lied Cross, work in the Philippines. $5000-
American National Red Cross. Santiago,
American National Red Cross, Hav
ana, $2500; Porto Rico Btatlon, $6608; Rev
O. J. Nave, agent. Fort McPherson, Ga..
$2135.
GRAND ARMY HEADQUARTERS.
Rooms Opened in the Pike Building
at Cincinnati.
CINCINNATI, April 23.— 1n accordance
with the action of the executive commit
tee of the Council of Administration,
Grand Army of the Republic, at Philadel
phla, April 12, Senior Vice Commander
in-chief \v. C. Johnson of this city has
tned command and established the
national headquarters at room 321 Pike
building, Cincinnati. Ohio. He has an
pointed W. B. Folger of this city as as
sistant adjutant general, in charge of
headquarters.
The business headquarters and the rec
ords of the Grand Army of the Republic
wl , J omnin in Independence Hall, Phila
delphia, but the extensive correspondence
and other business of the commnnder-in
chief necessitated the establishment of
a headquarters in this city.
ELECTIONS IN SPAIN.
Government Has a Heavy Majority
in the Senate.
MADRID, April 23.-The Senatorial
elections for the new Cortes were held
to-day and passed off tranquilly. They
resulted in giving the Government a
larger majority In the. Senate than It; had
secured in the Chamber of Deputies
♦>, \l % rea ?? erted in different quarters
that the attempts of Don Carlos to raise
a loan on the security of his Italian and
Ausrtian estates have failed,
v. One of the persons arrested yesterday
by the Barcelona police on the charge of
.being Implicated .In a Carlist plot de
scribes himself as a general of brigade
The suspect most compromised is Senor
Margenal. magistrate of the village of
Sardonola. The police seized a quantity
of documents, which indicated the inten
tion of the conspirators to raise bands to
support Don Carlos.
Venerable Clergyman Dead.
LEXINGTON, Ky., April 23.— Rev. Roh
ert Ryland. probably the oldest Baptist
clergyman nnd educator In the United
States, died here to-day, aged 94. He was
one of the pioneer educators of Virgin! i
For twenty-eight years he was president
of Richmond College, during much of this
time having been also pastor of the larg
est African church in the world— 3ooo
members, nearly all Virginia slaves. The
body will be taken to Richmond, Va and
interred by Richmond College in Holly
wood Cemetery.
Carries Discharged Soldiers.
NEW YORK, April 23.-The Union line
steamer Ella arrived to-day from Bara
coa, Gibara and Nuevitas. Cuba She
brought forty passengers, all but two of
whom were discharged and furlouphed
officers and soldiers. There was a desert
er on board, who will be placed under ar
rest at the pier. He was a member of the
hospital corps at Nuevitas
Death of Major Vanderjrrift.
CINCINNATI, April 23.— News has been
received here, his home, of the death at
Atlanta, Ga., of Major George A. Van
dergrlft, paymaster in the United States
volunteer army. He was stricken with
apoplexy at the Ballard House yesterday
afternoon. His case was hopeless from
the first. He was unconscious to the
last. He died early this morning.
JOAN OF ARC TO
BE HIS THEME
Archbishop Ireland Will
Talk at Orleans.
CELEBRATION ON MAY 8
MEMORY OF THE GIRL SAINT TO
BE HONORED.
Diplomatic Circles Interested in the
Differences Between Italy and
the Vatican as to the
Peace Congress.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 23.— The
presence of Archbishop Ireland in Eu
rope t this time led to the efforts
among leading members of the diplo
matic corps here to have the eminent
American divine pn side at some not
able church occasion. As a result, it
Is learned that the Archbishop will de
liver the principal discourse at the
Joan of Arc celebration on May 8 at
the old French town of Orleans, which
gave the name of the "Maid of Or
ieans" to the, girl saint and soldier.
The exercises will have both a re
ligious and a national character, bring
ing pilgrimages from all parts of Eu
rope and Laving the special benedic
tion of the Pope.
It was thought at first Archbishop
Ireland would take this occasion to
correct the misapprehensions which
have arisen through Europe as to
"Americanism," as set forth in Father
Jie< ker's book. The errors on this sub
ject are ascribed mainly to the mis
translation of the book by a French
abbe, so that it was felt to be appro
priate that the correction and elucida
tion of true "Americanism" should be
made on this memorable church and
national occasion. Quite recently,
however, the leading church authori
ties in this country have made known j
that Archbishop Ireland's discourse |
would be confined strictly to religious
themes, dealing with the inspired char
acter of Joan of Arc. While this may
not give the discourse the significance
at first expected, yet the belief is ex
pressed by those familiar with the ar
rangements that the fervor and pa- \
triotic impulses of Archbishop Ireland j
may lead to some discussion of the
American theme which has been so
prominent in church affairs of late and
in which he has been one of the fore
most figures.
Catholic church affairs also have
been attracting the attention of diplo
mat! circles of late, in connection
with the attitude of Italy in refusing
to take part in the Czar's disarma
ment congress if the Pope also was to
take part. Because of this controversy ;
the invitations issued by the Govern
ment at The Hague were delayed some
weeks, and, in consequence, the Brit
ish Foreign Office withheld the official
announcement of Sir Julian Paunce
fote'a selection one of the British
delegates. The State Department also j
was in the same quandary until the
controvert- was adjusted. As ex
plained by a leading diplomatic official,
the position of Italy was similar to
that tal n wh n the temporal power
of the .Pope was denied and finally
overthrown. In opposing the Pope's
representation at The Hague, Italy
held that the sole authority of the
Vatican related to moral and social af
fairs and not material or political
questions between nations.
In behalf of the Pope it was urged
that Italy already recognized the ma
terial and political authority of the |
Pope by admitting the appointment of
Embassadors to the Vatican from
Franco, Spain. Bulgaria, Portugal and
some other countries.
Pending the settlement of Italy's ob
jections, there was much perplexing
delay in arranging the details of the
congress. It was finally determined
that the Pope should not be represent
ed, this - vision, it is understood, be
ing aequiesc. in by the Vatican.
Since then th°re have been intimations
that the French delegates to The
Hasrue would indirectly represent the
Vatican, but It is said in the best
posted diplomatic quarters that this
sunr'— is wholly unwarranted.
MRS. ANNA BOND'S
HANDY UMBRELLA
She Uses It Vigorously on Her Form
er Husband and Her
/ Sister.
9AN RAFAEL. April 23.— Dr. Freder
ick T. Bond, the metropolitan physician,
and his sister-in-law, Miss Emma Nich
ols, who lives with her mother at 170-
Shipley street, were savagely assaulted
on the corner of Fourth and B streets
to-day by the physician's divorced wife,
Mrs. Anna Bond, who was nrmed with
an umbrella. She accused him of having
kidnaped her child and kept it away
from her, and said her sister wns the
cause of all the domestic troul Ie she had
undergone. The woman was arrested on
a charge of battery and released on her
own recognizance by Recorder Gardner
The troubles of the Bonds were aired In
Judge 'Promt's court in San Francisco
last October, the husband suing his wife
for a divorce on the ground of cruelty.
He was allowed the custody of their little
girl, with the understanding that the
mother might visit tin- child as often as
she stfw fit. Since then the little one has
been with the parents of Dr. Bond in
Vallejo. ■•
Mrs. Bond met her husband and sister
on the street In San Francisco to-day
and. thinking they would go to Vallejo,
followed them here. Siie asked on the
train that her child be returned to her
and received an evasive answer. When
the two reached town Mrs. Bond stopped
them and began to abuse them. She call
ed her husband a villain, and her sister
was referred to in uncomplimenary terms
Her language was resented, and she be
gan to belabor them with her umbrella
COLONEL CLARK'S FUNERAL.
Body of the Turfman Will Be Borne
to the Grave To-Day.
MEMPHIS, Term.. April 23.— The re
mains of Colonel M. Lewis Clark, the
widely known turfman who committed
suicide yesterday, we're taken to Louis
ville to-nisht by sorrowing friends. The
party will arrive at its destination at
an early hour to-morrow morning, and it
is understood a public funeral will occur
in that city shortly before noon
J. P. C. Clark of Chicago, son of the
dead man; C. T. Uallard of Louisville a
cousin, and Charles F. Price secretary
of the Louisville Jockey Club an inti
mate friend and associate, arrived in
Memphis this morning and took chars-e
of the remains. All of the party re
turned to Louisville to-night, acoo'rnna
nled by a delegation of Memphians reD
resenting the Memphis Jockey Club anil
other friends. James A. Reese has been
elected presiding judge at the club's
track.
Oregon Express Delayed.
DUNSMUIR, April 23.-The northbound
Oreg-on express that left San Francisco
last night was delayed three hours this
morning one mile north of Castella
by one of the baggage-car trucks being
derailed. There was no serious damaa?
other than the tearing up of the track
for a short distance.
PREFERS SUICIDE
TO PRISON CELL
Mrs. George Threatens
to Kill Herself.
AWAITS THE JURY'S VERDICT
SAYS IT WILL MEAN LIFE OR
DEATH TO HEi< A
Declares She Shall Never Go to the
Penitentiary if Convicted of
the Murder of George D.
baxton.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 23.— A Canton,
0., special to the Herald says:
"Should the jury render a verdict
against me I will never po to the pen
itentiary. I will accept suicide" as a
last means of escaping the persecution
that has been mine for ten years."
Such is the declaration said to have
been made by Mrs. Annie E. George,
whose trial for the murder of George
D. Saxton is now drawing to a close.
My informant is Mrs. Streeter, who
has supported Mrs. George during the
last three weeks as if she were her sis
ter, and it was to Mrs. Streeter the
declaration was made.
"Mrs. George is a determined
woman," Mrs. Streeter said to me,
"and I believe she would prefer death
to conviction and a term of years in
the penitentiary to follow it. At times
she is of buoyant spirits and again she
is greatly depressed. She feels that
Judge Taylor has been fair in all his
rulings, and should the jury convict
her she would have little hope of relief
from an appeal. She has told me sev
eral times she would kill herself if
convicted, and # l believe she would. I
would hot blame her."
Sheriff Zaiser does not believe Mrs.
George will make good her promise of
self-destruction in the event of defeat
in court, but he told me to-day he
would take no chances, and if the
woman were convicted she would be
placed under close surveillance while
she was in his charge.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS,
Ernst Kopke of Honolulu is at the Call
fornia,
D. Levy, a merchant of Williams, Is at i
the Grand.
Dr. G. A. Miller and wife of Fresno are
i at the Grand.
N. Blackstock, Railroad Commissioner,
is at the Occidental.
Caßtain A. C. Kistler of Cedarvllle Is j
stopping at the Lick. .
W. W. Douglas, assistant State Con- |
troller, is at the Grand.
Albert Anderson, Albert Walkin and !
George Evans, merchants of Susanvllle,
are guests at the Russ.
R. N. Shackelford, the well- known
railroad man, arrived from Paso Robles ;
yesterday and is staying at the Lick.
** $ l "When man, j
| A <$> woman or child
I WHEN COLE- I imagines that he, i
she or it is infal-
MAN TAKES Üble. then is the
time to smoke 1
BAD MONEY. I up," said John)
$ 4> Coleman, book- i
•+-<§ : — s*+ maker, plunger, '■
! angler,' live bird shot and various other
things which have made him one of the
versatile and popular characters. Cole
man had just returned from the track
and he looked sad and weary of this little
world as he walked un and down the
court of the Palace on Saturday evening,
"No, I have not had a particularly bad |
day." he continued, "but one of my firm- ;
' est and most impregnable convictions has
been shattered forever. The one thing
that I exulted over most was that no one
ever passed bad money on me, that is, In
the last few years— since my eyeteeth cut j
holes in my gums, you know. Well, that's i
a thing of the past now, ana I suppose
I will have to v buy the wine and dinner <
with the utmost possible grace and be
outwardly happy.
"This is how it happened. You know i
that sharp, bright fox terrier belonging
to Galnes. He packs it with him wherever
he goes, and It really is a wonder. There'
were five of us standing on the upper
deck, of the Piedmont playing with the i
dog, which is the only animal I ever saw
accorded the privileges of the top part of
the boat. Now one of this dog's great
tricks is to play with money. It gets the
coin between its teeth and chews away.
If the coin is genuine the dog holds on,
but if it is counterfeit that little beast will
display an aloofness that is hard to de
scribe.
"Some one of the crowd asked me if I
ever took bad money. I Immediately said
no and then told them that If any one
ever saw me with bogus coins which I
was not keeping as mere souvenirs they
could dine and wine at my expense. Just
then that too wise terrier was jumping
up at me. and I knew that if I wanted
peace I must give it a silver piece to play
with. I dived into my pocket and pulled
out two-bits. The dog snatched it from
me on the jump. It bit at it once or
twice and then dropped it on the deck
with a sneer— yes, I could Be"c the sneer
on its face. The crowd made a lunge for
the coin, and now I am going to buy a
dinner for my friends. I wish I had half
. of that dog."
C. Morla Vicuna, the Chilean Minister
to the United States, wife and children
arrived yesterday from Washington and
are stopping at the Palace.
Commander S. M. Ackley, U. S. N., ar
rived at the Palace last night from j
Washington. He will leave for Manila on j
the next transport to relieve one of the
officers of Dewey's fleet.
Ex-Governor Alva Adams of Colorado
and wife are guests at the Palace. They
have been in the southern part of the
State for the last five weeks and will re
main in this city until Tuesday.
Dr. St. D. G. Walter, a wealthy and
prominent resident of Honolulu, regis
tered at the California yesterday. He is
visiting this city with his wife and they
will remain here for several months.
Felix H. , Merzbach, accompanied by
his wife, left for a six months' trip to
the East and Europe. Mr. Merzbach has
been called to Berlin to settle an estate
in which he represents the American
heirs.
Major Carrol Mercer, who was chief
commissary at Havana during the early
part of the late war, arrived last night
from the East. He will assist Colonel
Weston in the purchasing of supplies for
the Department of the Pacific. .
THE NEELL-TRACEY BOUT.
Walter Watson Selected by the Men
to Referee the Match.
The representatives of Al Nelll an*
Tom Tracey, the brace of boxers who w?5
furnish the "event of the evening- a t
the Western Athletic Club to-morrow
night, met yesterday, and Walter Wat
son was chosen as referee. Watson is a
nust master of the art of self-defense,
and a™the bout between these two crack
Walker and. Sail by Messrs. McGinnia.
Hay and McGrath.
ADVERTISEMENTS.^
HEALTH.
1 Halam i ! 1 B
"Health and Disease are conditions on wWA
depend pleasure and sorrow, happiness or un-
happiness. success or failure. Health makes »
man equal to any emergency. $lsea.ae uuLkeu
him unequal to the ordinary duties of life.
It is economy to be well."
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
mm fw?T
§ iiffi^iS §
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE OLD RELIABLE SPECIALIST,
(22 Years' Experience),
Offices at 737 Market St.. San Francisco,
Where the sick and afflicted can receive treat-
ment in the future, as they have in the past,
from thrf ablest and most successful specialist
of the age Some doctors fall because of treat-
Ing the wrong disease; others from not knowing
the right treatment.
NO MISTAKES HERE AND NO FAILURES.
References— Best Banks. Merchants and
Business Men In the city.
In seekinp treatment the following qualifica-
tions should be taken Into consideration:
Ability, experience, skill and an established
reputation for . . ■
RELIABILITY!
All of which are possessed. by Dr. Sweany, ani
are necessary for the successful and satisfac-
tory treatment of any disease.
NERVOUS DEBILITY M sfn&t.^
YOUNG MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN.
The awful effects of neglected or improper! ■
treated cases, causing, drains, weakness of th •
body and brain, dizziness, failing memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains In the
back loins and kidneys and many other dis-
tressing symptoms, unfitting one for study,
business or enjoyment of life. Dr. Sweany' s
special treatment will cure you, no matter who
nr what has failed.
WPAIf MFN Lost vlgor and vitality re-
IV Unix IflLlii stored to weak men, Organs
of the body which have been weakened or
shrunken through diseases, overwork, excesses
or- indiscretions are restored to full power,
strength and vigor by his successful system of
tr< atment
DIIDTIIQE Cured by his new method without
nUriUriLuse of knife or detention from
work-a rainless, sure and permanent cure.
WARIOnpCI C Hydrocele. swelling and ten-
YAnIuUUCLL derness of the glands treat-
ed with unfailing success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON ?? -_'
! eases of the blood promptly and thoroughly
i cured and every trace of the poison eradicated
from the system forever.
PRIVATE DISEASES, SSSE^t **:
1 which, if neglected or Improperly treated,
j break down the system and cause kidney dls-
ra=e. etr.. permanently cured.
Cl EPTDIPITY Static, Galvanic and Fa-
LLLuI I I i radio Electricity scientifi-
cally used and -""lied in all its modern forms
i In conjunction with special medical treatment
1 in nil cases where it can be of benefit.
\A/D|TP If you cannot call at his office, fully
ft ill I I. describing your symptoms and you
'. will receive in plain envelope a scientific and
honest opinion of your case and a book of
valuable Information free at charge.
Office hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 6:30 to
I p. m. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 2 p. m. Call at
office or address
F.L.SWEANY,M D.,737 Market St., San Franciseo.Ctl
j
* w *^ guarantee
J||BOlra|*jMt that my Rheumatism
ig|3||g||^|||pjt Cure will relieve lum-
jßsr bago, sciatica and all
*&k aS^a rheumatic paina in
fw Him iiil^RLt two or three hours,
Hr Jt "BS^F find cure in a few
\ v— S"^rv/ MUNYON.
■ jt^ZiJ^MjZ'L At all druggists,
«?al^>^^li^x 25c - a viaJ - Guide
Wi^fiEaiEisp<|Ksf to Health and mcdi-
M { gS' cal advice free,
- l ■ . 1505 Arch st.. Phila.
Slsi^ ViTaLIS
' ,T^!Esir^^fc THE NEW
TOiothiu^'-ig? FRENCH,.
i YITAUS aothEay SI m Dcucnv
! I'UOni •( Kb THR 30th Day. IIEIHEUIII
RESILTB. .»t quickly & surely removes Nervousness, Impotency
Rightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all e9*r't«
« scl.-ahuce or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality
Power and Failing Memory. Wart, off Insan.ty and *■„„,„„ Jl
Won. Cures when all other, fail. Insist on having TITALIS,
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. •By mail «1 OO
per p.ckaee orsjx for ♦5.00 with a guarantee to Core or
Kefund t . he Money. Circalar Free. Address ™"
VALIMKT Cl RE CO., 884 Dearborn St., Chirac*
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland-
iSJIERCE'S
laJy FAVORITE
INSCRIPTION
1 1 FOR WEAK WOMEN.
IMPRVITA RfsMm vttautt
tl ■ ■■I VIIrtLOST VIGOR,
J<SBBf ■• AND MANHOOD
3^~\: Cures Impoteney Night Emissions and wasting
I B9R9C diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
! yS) indiscretion. A nerve^tonic and bloai-builder.
j *f9f Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks ana ny
! ftJraw/ stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
i Wft^^i boii 6 boxes for $2.50: with a written
Js|(|"|"^P \r guarantee to cure or refund the money.
SUrvita medical Co., CHnten » jaclasn stj., eijlcaao.
E. L.. Baldwin & Co.. Druggists. 8 Market, S. P.
J^OB^ RUPTURE.'
USE NO MORB IRON
jßHneffl^ Hcops or Steel Sprlnn.
m^PmWP£?^A Ru , ptur retained with eaia
E^"'^ fflf^Z. an < f comfort, and thousand* radi-
* /J&\, cally CURED by DR. PIERCR'a
\Z& cfflleor IC wSit S fo C *«m. ICT" Call *t
MAQNETIC ELASTIC^ TRUSS CO..**""^
MAQNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO
<20 Market st..opp. Palace Hotel. SanFrancUoo.
W. X. HESS,
■KOTAST PUBLIC AND ATTOBNET-AT LAW
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. ciau 8 Spreckoi. u'ig.
- • Telephona Brown 831.
oauorula .v. Ulow'Po.d..
Radway's
Pills
B^fp7't 7 ,T e setable.- mild and reliable, Caos»
i w'w . di Beetion.' eempiete abEorption ani
healthful regularity.
t For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
LUer Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
reKularttles. Sick Headache. Biliousness, Co:i-
stlpatlon Plies and all derangements of th»
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Dru«rl»ts,
or by mail. RADWAY & CO.. New York,WE'RE HAPPY THE ANTI-CARTOON BILL IS IN EFFECT.
DEMOCRATS PREPARE
FOR FACTIONAL WAR
Plan to Disband the Committee of
One Hundred.
Phelan's Followers Scheme to Hold Control by Cbeat=
ing the Primary Law— Rival Candidates
for Mayor State Committee
Involved.
LOCAL Democrats have begun their
iratory work for the cam
i which will end in November
with the first election under th<=" char-
The faithful followers of the Gal
lagher-Maguires have hardly recovered
from the crushing defeat which they
suffered at the last election, but they
are active and eager in the field with
a firm purpose to fight each other that,
with the scars of internal warfare,
th^y may better oppose their common
y. The factional quarrels which
have dopp so much to make Demo
cratic politics spectacular have com
menced in earnest.
Mayor Phelan will be the bone of
contention, and his success or failure
in F^curing the Democratic nomination
for May.r will mark the gr^at issue of
the lr,ral campaign. Savage political
- are even now hHng aimed at the
ed and much-cartooned he:
"His H.mor," and if dark political
ai for anything that Interest
ing topplece will be severely battered
re th" fight is over. Those that
pposed to th»- Mayor will Beck in
possible way to destroy the local
Committee of one Hundred through
'.he intervention of the Democratic
I , ■ . . ;. .
■ '■■■■ - heme will leave the
open for a complete reorganiza
of the municipal Democracy in a
manner that will relegate I'helan .^nd
political elements he represents to
private life. In this fight the state
tral Committee will be the judge.
The second contest is utterly depend
ent upon the first. If the opponents of
Phelan fail to destroy the Committ'-e
• Hundred it will be idle to block
trx* progress of the Mayor except in an
il :■• the courts. If th<- Committee
of One Hundred is permitted to exist
it will strive to destroy district opposi
tion that in all probability would be
- sful. This scheme has been ,
rated with cleverness. The fol
lowers of Phelan Will attempt to have
all th( tes to the municipal .--on- ;
for by local Democrats
ective of district distinctions. In- !
f the Democrats <-.f each district I
'jg their own district delegates,
ntire body of Democrats in the. \
city will vote for all the delegates to I
mention This will mh »vn/y
district of any Influence in opposition I
■lan.
The first fight, which will determine I
■iy existence of the Committee
Hundred, will he fought the
I bis week or early next :
■■" r -k. Seth Mann, the chairman of the
the Democratic
CentraJ Committee, says that a
ag of the body of which" h* is the
head will be called very soon to deter- '
mine an appeal taken by W. J. Heeney,
ember of the local Committee of
Hundred. In the early stages of
ihe last campaign Heeney becam* dis
gusted with tli" dominating Influence
of the Phelanites in the committee. It
will be remembered that the State Cen- '
tral Committee nearly two years ago
grabbed both local Democratic factions
by the neck, bumped their heads to
gether and told them to go home. Both
•izstions were disbanded and a!
nlttefl of nine, representing the ;
State Central Committee, selected one
hundred men to organize a new local
I »•• mocracy.
These hundred men declared them- I
i a committee of one hundred i
and arrogated to themselves all the ■
power and authority of the local or
ganization. They made themselves a
County Committee, and then, to carry i
the farce further, declared themselves
a municipal convention. They were
frank to confess that they did not dare
submit themselves to their party at a
primary, as they would have been hope
lessly beaten. So desperate was their
■tnd. bo meager their supporters
that they were forced even to take sev
eral of their municipal nominees from
their own ranks.
It was against this plan of organiza
tion and subsequent policy that Heeney
appealed. He declared that the Com
mittee of One Hundred had usurped
power which did not belong to it. H< e
ney Insisted that the Committee of
One Hundred had been chosen simply
to cr.-at.- a County Committee and to
do nothing else. The Committee of
( »ne Hundred, therefore, says Heeney,
is an illegal body under Democratic
laws.
The appeal has remained forgotten
since it was made, but now the oppo
nents of Phelan see in it a handle with
whi<-h to wield an ax of destruction
upf-n the local organization. Since the
failure of the last campaign, however,
a new factional spirit has arisen in the
State Central Committee. It is under
stood that Seth Mann Is not as friendly
to the Phelanites as he might he, or at
all events he is willing, with his asso
ciates--, to discuss and consider the Hee
ney appeal. A meeting of the execu
tive committee of the state Central
Committee will therefore be called.
The decision of this body on the ap
peal will not be final. Whatever the
outcome is, the matter must be re
ferred to the State Central Commit
tee for settlement. The action of this
committee will be watched with in
terest. It will be remembered that the
organization of the Committee of One
Hundred was indorsed by the State
Central Committee, which has not,
however, officially declared the Com
mittee of One Hundred to be a county
committee. Wheth r it is or not will
mean much to the political ambition
of James I). Phelan.
If thf> Committee of One Hundred is
disbanded by the State Central Com
mittee and a new organization is or
dered there is not the slightest ques
tion that Phelan will be forced to run
as an independent candidate for May
or if he wishes to succeed himself. The
men that are schr-mi.ig to undo the
Committee of One Hundred are al
feady suggesting possible candidates
for Mayor. Among the names is that
of Robert Y. Hayne, who, however,
has not a city residence. This is very
easy to acquire. Among the others is
John Rosenfeld, and there will be
many more before the fight is won or
lost. The shadow of Colonel Jim
Smith has fallen even from the Phil
ippines across the path of the Mayor.
If th* 1 opponents of the Committee of
One Hundred fail to oust that interest
ing body a new battle will have to be
planned. Already the battle lines are
being fixed and the forces organized.
Chris Buckley thinks he has a chance
to turn right side up in the scramble,
and for some time he has been laying
his plans. He began In a modest way
with the carriage shop of O. F. Willey
for a headquarters. Then he moved
to a saloon on Bush and Montgomery
streets, where the surroundings are
reminiscent and congenial. This ren
dezvous became inadequate, and a
third headquarters was established at
a new resort on O'Farrell and Powell
streets. There Buckley talks to all who
want to talk to him. Ralney is skir
mishing on the outside and occasion
ally gives some pleader the benefit of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1899.
his advice. Ex-Gnvernor Budd. Maior
Harney, M. F. Tarpey and W. C.
Graves are also displaying a most
marked interest in local Democratic
i affairs and looking for an opportuity
[ to place a wedge.
The Phelanites are not by any means
| ignorant of this fact. They know that
In ;i legitimate primary election they
would meet with overwhelming: defeat.
i They did not dare to submit their
j claims to their fellow Democrats before
the last election, and with the Btigma
! of unfairness and a disastrous defeat
i upon them they would hardly be a fac
tor at a primary election. So Gavin
McNab, Sam Braunhart, Max Popper
ffnd others have devised the first
scheme to destroy the intended effect
of the Stratton primary law. These
men have clamored loud and lons for
a pure primary. They have shouted
every shibboleth known to the politi
cian to decry and condemn the in
fluence of saloon politcs, criminal
bosses and th*=> "push."
Yet these very men are th" first to
attempt to defeat the purpose of a
primary law. Their plan has been out
lined. Without a hope of winning in
a majority of the districts they "want
to elect district delegates by a vote of
ail thf Democrats in the city. The
Phelanites are clinging to a forlorn
hope that in pome few of the districts
they ma'- Pile up enouph votes to over
balance the vote cast in other districts,
and thus defeat their opponents by a
practical fraud upon the Stratton pri
mary law. Braunhart has already
sought the advice of Senator Stratton
in reference to the Bcheme and its le
galitiy.
NOTED PHYSICIAN EXPIRES.
Dr. Ricnard H. Plummer Succumbs
to an Attack of Meningitis.
Dr. Richard 11. I'lummer, one of the
prominent physicians of San Francisco
and the Pacific coast, passed away yes
terday afternoon at the Hotel Pleasanton.
Death was the result of meningitis and
was not wholly unexpected, as the doctor
had been ailing for nearly two months,
and some time ago his condition had be
come alarming.
i ■• ■ ■ as< ■! i ame to California many yrars
ago and practiced in different parts of
the State. He finally located in San
Francisco and became a partner of Dr.
L. < '. Lane, with an office at filT. Mission
street. He was also professor of anatomy
at th^ Cooper Medical College. Dr. Plum
mer was regarded as a skillful surgeon
and an able instructor. His advice has
been soughi in many prominent cases and
hi was considered to have gained a. high
standing in his profession.
A wife and stepson. M. W. Plummer,
survive him. He was 58 years of age and
whs born in Ohio. The details for the
funeral have not been arranged.
MANILA IS ALL RIGHT.
Official Reports Show That the Cli
mate Is of the Best.
The Chamber of Commerce is in re
:elpt of some advance sheets of United
States consular reports, and one from
Consul O. F. Williams at. Manila is of
particular interest at this time, as it
deals with the climate of the Philippines.
There has been much concern in this
State, and in fact all over the country,
about the health of the soldiers now at
the front fighting the Filipinos, and many
statements have been made leading to
the belief that the climate of the islands
is such that but few white men can
live there and perform any kind of la
bor. The report of Consul Williams was
made on February 24, and it will no
doubt bring relief to the minds of thou
sands who have relatives and friends In
the new territory. Consul Williams says:
"I wish to refute the statements gen
erally circulated in regard to the health
and climate of the Philippine Islands.
Being within the tropics they of course
lack the invigorating effects of frost,
and the temperature averages high— at
Manila about 75.3 degrees Fahrenheit; but |
extremes are not wide apart, and during
the last year I heard of no temperature
below 57 degrees Fahrenheit In the isl
ands, and none below the sixties in Ma
nila. Mercury in the shade rarely rises
above 85 degrees, nor above 95 degrees in
the sun.
"Being on the coast of a bay so large
as to be almost an inland sea, and hav
ing eight miles to the east a lake of 100
miles of shore, whose waters seek the
bay through the large and rapid Pasig,
the city of Manila has fresh air con- i
stantly, as well as sea breezes.
"The sewers of Manila are not good,
and never can be made first class, be
cause of its low level; but the rainfall '
here is above 10 feet per annum and quite
evenly distributed, so that the streets are
rain swept and the sewers well flushed
almost every day. There is also an ad
vantage in the hot, wet weather, which
hastens the decay of vegetable or animal
matter, this soon rotting and being
washed away.
"The city water supply is abundant.
The water is carried in large iron pipes
about seven miles from springs, and is
exceptionally pure and agreeable to the
taste. I use it every day as a beverage,
and have never experienced any ill effects
therefrom.' I have not been sick a min
ute since I left the United States, In
1897. ' .
"In filthy quarters smallpox may be
found almost any day: but few deaths
result, and the sanitary measures of the
present government have been of bene
fit. The death rate is small, and it is
only necessary to live properly to be en
tirely healthy."
— — ■ . » « . — — .
The screw alone of. an Atlantic liner
costs about $20,000.
GOVERNOR GAGE
AND W. F. HERRIN
IN CONFERENCE
Secret Meeting at the
Palace.
PUBLIC BUSINESS DISCUSSED
TAKING UP THE BURDEN OF
STATE AFFAIRS.
At the Conclusion of the Session Gage
and the Lawyer Left the Hotel
by a Blind Stair
way.
Governor Oajje has arrived in San
Francisco. Thr» manner of his coming
and his conduct after his arrival are
incidents of peneral interest to the peo
ple of the State — ;is (Governor nag^e
came here as the Chief Executive of
California to transact public business.
The visit of Governor (Jago. was no
secret to the army of "oHti"«1 ruffians
who swarmed the streets of Sacramento
during the session of the Legislature in
the service of D. M. Burns. Political
tricksters, roustabouts, heelers and he
draffgled parasites thronpr-d the corri
dors of the Palace Hotel in expectation
of the coming of Gage. The news had
been heralded to the throng of place
seekers and for hours they constituted
the Governor's guard of honor.
He did not expert see them and
they did not wish him to do so. Their
petty affairs had been settled in the
h;nk room of a saloon by the man
whose Senatorial banner they had
borne. They were supremely uninter
ested in Gage except to indicate with
their undesirable presence their appre-i
elation of his position.
Governor Gage came here for hlsr^r
game. He came to discuss the chances
of appointing a I'nited States Senator
and of naming a Board of Health, al
ready chosen. His mission was. Der
haps, of national public importance
I'pon his arrival he was sneako'i into
the Palace Hotel. He neither placed
his name upon the hotel register nor
selected a. room in which to lo.ige. He
eluded all questioners, evaded all in
terrupting glances and acted as though
he might have heen a fugltve rather
than the Chief Executive of a State
transacting public business.
Governor Gage was spirited into 'he
hotel and was taken to an apartment
occupied by William F. Herrin, chief of
the law department of the Southern
Pacific Company. This Incident* needs
no comment. It explains wh" the Gov
ernor of California did not wish to be
seen in the hotel. It tells a story deeply
significant. Governor Gage locked hims
elf in a private room to discuss public
business of imperative character with
William F. Herrin.
That conference lasted for several
hours. At 3 o'clock in the afternoon a
door leading into the barroom of the
hotel from a blind stairway slowly
opened. A key had turned in the lock.
for the door is never left unfastened,
and William F. Herrin and Governor
Gage emerged from their hole ur>
stairs.
The Chief Executive of the State and
the chief of the law department of the
Southern Pacific Company took a drink I
and then hastily parted, each taking
his separate way. A conference that
may mean a measure of disaster to the
State was over. Governor Gage had
resumed the burden of affairs of state
and with listening ear, closeted from
the gaze of the public, had heard the
counseling words of an employe of the
Southern Pacific Company.
Governor Gage could not be found
during the remainder of the day or
night. He had disappeared as mysteri
ously as his companion, and it was un
derstood that last night he was the
guest of William F. Herrin at the lat
ter's home.
WILL PROTECT TROUT.
County Ordinances That Will Put a
Stop to the Slaughter of Baby-
Fishes.
The Supervisors of Marin County at
their next meeting will doubtless pass an
ordinance making it a misdemeanor for
any person to have in his possession
trout under five inches in length. The
thorough sportsmen of the city and coun
ty .would gladly welcome the announce
ment of an ordinance of this kind, as the
slaughter of fingerlings has been so great
since the opening of the angling season
thai the Fish Commissioners have about
concluded that the stocking of streams In
Marin and Sonoma counties Is a waste of
time and expense. Some people contend
that an officer of the law would have a
difficult task on his hands to catch an
angler with baby trout in his possession,
but those who oppose the Idea will find
to their chagrin and bitter astonishment
that if such a law is passed that "meas
ures will be taken" by the officers of
Marin County and Fish Commissioners
to prove to the takers of little fishes that
the game of "kill all" will cost them
kdearly in the long run. Every sports
man who enjoys an outing with rod and
gun would be delighted to hear of the
Supervisors of every county in the State
passing ordinances protecting little fishes
and young quail from murder at the
hands of a horde of pot-hunters who go
out into the country not for sport, but
with a view of potting everything that
will satisfy the cravings of the inner man.
A few years ago the Lagunltas and Pa
per Mill creeks in' Marin County and the
Sonoma Creek in Sonoma County were
ideal angling waters, but with the in
crease of alleged anglers who basket
"everything in sieht," not excepting
chubs and bullheads, the trout have al
most disappeared, much to the disgust of
the anglers, who return the little fishes to
their element when they happen on their
hooks. A five-inch trout ordinance is
what Is needed and anglers who desire
to escape the law can easily mark off
five inches on the butts of their rods in
case they capture trout of doubtful size.
It la almost certain, however, that the
Supervisors of Marin and Sonoma coun
ties will ordain that in future the an
gling seasons will not open until May 1
instead of April 1, which is the State law.
Anglers are certainly becoming Interest
ed in the protection of trout, that is.
judging from the letters that are pouring
into this office. This is what a resident
of San Jose says: Htfil
SAX JOSE, April 19. U99.
To the Sporting Editor, Sun Francisco Call-
Dear Sir: I have long wondered why the fish
ing in the once prolific Calaveras Creek should
become BO poor. Hut not until within the last
few days <lld I learn that it was being dyna- '
mited, and by men In our own neighborhood,
viz., Mllpltas. Such wanton destruction of fish
deserves the severest punishment, and now
that the authorities have the leader behind the
prison bars, with the hope of soon getting the
others, I trust the Fish Commission will con
tinue Its good work and exert every effort to
convict and' make such examples of these men
as will deter others from following in their
footsteps. A LOVER OF SPORT.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 21. 1599.
To the Sporting Editor, San Francisco Call —
Pear Sir: Fishing on the Paper Mill (or, as
anglers are now wont to call it, "Trout Nil
Creek") is very poor in the vicinity of Camp
Taylor and Tocoloma, but at Point Reyes fly
fishing was good last Sunday and some very
fair-sized fish were taken by C. Precht, C.
Gate and Bert Spring.
The trout entirely ignored salmon roe, shrimp
and worm. The fish seem to hover in the pools
at the "White House" and the "Sandspit,"
fearful of the upper portions of the stream,
and they have good reason to be.
Mr. Rochefort of Point R^yes is a most ac
commodating fellow. If an angler wishes to
fish at the mouth of the stream he will be
driven to the destination by making known his'
desire on his arrival at the point. The flies
preferred are the black gnat. March brown,
coachman, brown hackle and silver au blae.
The large number of French "tourists" who
are camped on the Paper Mill and who have
visited the San Geronimo, Kigunitae and Ni
caslo creeks have so depleted those streams
by taking all sizes of fish that unless some
stringent measures are. immediately taken to
stop such depredations it will only be a short
time before it- will be hardjy worth while to
mention the aforesaid creeks among the trout
streams of the coast.
When such well-known anglers as A. B.
Finch, Del Cooper, Alex B. Ireland, C. Precht
and W. A. 1... Miller, after fishing a stretch of
from three to five miles on the I^agunltas and
Paper Mill, catch but half a dozen fish each
worth putting in their baskets It Is high time
that a hall was called.
There is quite an agitation in Marin County
at present over the game and fish question,
but if the Supervisors of the county would,
for a period of three years, limit the number
of fish to each angler and at the same time
Impose a fine of $50 upon those who had in
their possession trout less than five inches fish
ing on the foregoing streams would soon be
come what It was in years gone.
By legislation of this kind the angler could
count upon getting a nice mess of trout and
of a size that he would not. be ashamed to
show to his friends. How many anglers of
to-day will exhibit their catch on a train or
boat after returning from a day's outing?
Take the angling fraternity away from Marin
County for one year and the hotels along the
line, as well as the railroads, will think that
a cyclone has visited them. Yours truly,
TREE SPOON.
THE FOX TERRIER CLUB.
Sportsmen Who Will Look After the
Interests of the Cunning Little
Bang Tails.
The Fox Terrier Club reorganized at a
meeting of fanciers in the office of the
Hreeder and Sportsman and the following
named gentlemen were selected as offl
cr is: N. H. Hickman, president, of San
Francisco; W. W. Moore, lirst vice presi
dent, of San Francisco; Rev. J. W. Plin
ton, second vice president, of Victoria,
B. C. ; C. K. Harley, treasurer, of San
Francisco: J. B. Martin, secretary, of San
Francisco; board of directors— R. E. de
Lopez of Pleasanton, A. E. Mapes of
Stockton. W. B. Godfrey of San Fran
cisco, Dominick Shannon and Harry Low
den, also of San Francisco.
In addition to the above W. J. McKeon,
W. J. P. Strachan, Matt Kerr and J. P.
Atkins have joined the club.
The matter of offering club medals at
the coming show of the San Francisco
Kennel Club was broached, and in a few
moments sufficient money was subscribed
to purchase six medals, to be awarded as
follows:
One for the best dog puppy, one for the
best bitch puppy, one for the best novice
rioß. one for the best novice bitch, one for
the best dog in limit or open class and one
for the best bitch in limit or open class, to
h.' competed for by fox terriers owned by
members of this club.
The initiation fee was waived for a
period of six months, and dues Jlxed at $5
per year.
Messrs. Hickman and Martin were ap
pointed a. committee to purchase medals
and have them suitably engraved.
The opening of the stakes for competl
tion at the show of 1900 was discussed, the
members present favoring two stakes
one for dogs whelped In 1899, to be called
the "Adonis stakes," and one for bitches
whelped In 1899. to be called the "Venus
stakes."
The meeting adjourned until some night
during the dog show, either May 4 or S,
at the Mechanics' Pavilion.
MAPPING THE COUNTRY.
Members of the United States Geolog
ical Survey Here.
L. C. Fletcher, E. C. Barnard and J. G.
Hefty, members of the United States Geo
logical Survey, arrived In this city Fri
day morning from Washington, D. C, and
registered at the Occidental. They have
been detailed to examine the geological
structure of this State with a view to
preparing maps showing such formation.
This work is now being vigorously prose
cuted by the Government throughout the
United States. Mr. Bernard left immedi
ately for San Mateo with his assistant,
Mr. Hefty, where they will begin their la
bors.
Mr. Fletcher's territory will embrace the
district surrounding Napa. and after the
completion of his work in that section
will proceed xo Washington In July to
"map" that State. Mr. Fletcher, when
seen in regard to his work, said:
The mapping up of the entire United States
is more, important than appears at first Blanco.
The Eastern States are beginning: to realize
the valuable nature of the work and their
Legislatures have passed special appropriii
tions to assist the Government. New York
has fjiven $25,000, Pennsylvania, 120.000; while
Maine and Maryland each have contributed
smaller amounts. The total appropriation by
the Federal 'Government allows very little for
each State, and the co-operation of the State
government is of great assistance in carrying
on a. work which en account of Us nature is
tedious and slow at best.
We are engraged In making maps which will
show the roads, drainage, various strata, tim
ber and shape of the country by contour lines.
We also demonstrate its forestry and rous;h
sections. The result of our labor will be found
invaluable from an engineering standpoint,
aside from the geological benefits. The maps
are exceptionally valuable in arid regions,
showing a.s they do the exact location of any
water that there may me. They are a great
aid to the mining industry, "showing the
breaks In the strata and the different kinds
of rock.
A. Turner is now working in th* southern
part of California, and E. T. Perkins is at
present continuing the work inaugurated in
the Yosemite Valley. I was <.t,lii<ed to dis
continue operations In the State of Washing
ton on account of rains and the streams run
ning high, .-specially In the Cascades but will
begin where I left off in the months of Jul .•
August and September. The mapping of the
I nlted States is a work of great magnitude,
and it Is impossible to tell when it will be
completed.
TREASURY .JOTE REDEEMED.
It Was for Ten Dollars and Was of
the Issue of 1815.
Several months ago luring P. Lane,
8h !« r iS f th( ' First National Bank of
Westneld, Mass., was intrust. with a
ten-dollar Treasury note of the series of
1815, with the request that he sell it, if
possible, or else see if it could be re
deemed. He forwarded the note to the
Fourth National Bank of New York, but
there seemed to be no one In New York
who wanted the old note, so an atternp'
was made to redeem it.
At first the note was sent to the Sub-
Treasury in New York, but it was re
turned, as the officials said they had no
way of proving its genuineness, nor did
they have any available funds to cash it.
The note was then forwarded to Wash
ington, where, after much investigation
and many inspections, it was found to be
genuine and unquestionably good for its
face value.
The issue of which this note was a part
was authorized February 24, 1815, to pay
arrearages In the expenses of the war of
1812. The issue originally was for $25,000,
--000, and the act allowed the reissuance of
notes or their conversion into bonds. Of
the total sum authorized over 000,000
was actually issued and over $7,000,000 re
issued. The notes were redeemable in
nine years or convertible into Government
bonds. When the notes themselves were
for amounts greater than $100 they bore
interest, but for less amounts were pay
able to bearer, and did not bear interest
until converted.
Nearly all of the issue was retired in a
short time, and the last note received at
the Treasury prior to the one in question
was presented in 1542. The ten-dollar
note sent to New York by Cashier Lane
has been redeemed and its redemption
charged to the public debt matured prior
to lSt>l. The note was found to be good
for its face value because no date of ma
turity was mentioned upon it. Some of the
notes of the same issue have been de-,
clared worthless because they were not
properly stamped and signed.
The history of this note is interesting.
Cashier Lane received it from Joseph
Welsh of West Granville, who desired to
have it redeemed if possible. Mr. Welch
writes to Mr. Lane that the note was
given to him In 3871 by Mrs. Cyrus Phelon
of Cranville. In March of that year Mr.
Welch was working for Mr. Phelon, and
as he was going toward the house with a
load of maple syrup he heard a commo
tion, and entering the house found a tire
behind the mantel frame. Breaking open
the frame with a bar he extinguished the
blaze. Later on in removing the rubbish
Mrs. Phelon found the mutilated note in
the lining of a rat's nest and presented
it to Mr. Welch, who kept it until he
turned it over to Mr. Lane a few months
ago.— Springfield (Mass.) Republican.
. - - . .
Indian Names.
Ponr Lo! he has all but passed away, i
I Teppo City. Squaw Valley and Sachem's
r Head show that he was onco amnns; us as
j do also Indianola and Indianapolis, Indian
Bay and Indian Bayou. Indian Bottom
Camp and Creek, Indian Diggings. Falls
Gap, Gulch and Head. Indian Mound.
Neck, Ridge and River, Indian Rock. Run,
Springs and Town. Indian .rail and In
dian Valley. He has left behind him his
Kinnekinnick that he used to smoke, his
moccasin that he used to wear, Medicine i
Lodge that he used to visit, and the wam
rum for which he bartered his nony or
biti beaver skins. He has left behind'him '
also the Indian names of many familiar I
objects, though the memory of these
meanings have all but been forgotten.
| Mondamin means corn; Wawa. wild
goose; Opeechee, the robin; Dahinda, the
) frog; Roanoke, a seashell; Chicago, the
wild onion; Omceme, a pigeon; Wawbeek,
a rock, etc.
j The Indian has left behind him hun
dreds Of musical alliterative names, in
which the consonant or vowel sounds are; !
doubled. Good examples are Wawaka,
Wawaaee, Kankakee and Kennekuk, Tvs- j
caloosa and Tallahassee. Ocklocknee,
Ohoopee and Oshkosh. Mlnnetonka and
\ Massabesic, Contoocook, Ixiogootee and
Hatchechubbee. We like to roll his Ken
ADVEKTI SEMEN TS.
®>® 4® ♦ ®-f® +®+®+®+®+®+® -f®f®t® ♦ ®-f ®+® -f©i® -f®f®>® +®+®i®
±. ' >
I Varicocele and Weakness Cured! 1
. ■ ■ • 4.
® ^^«l^^k Another Man Made Happy by Dr- |
; f^MA, Samlan'sJlßctric Belt. |
V /j^^^^^^S^l m DR. SANDEN-S ELECTRIC BELT IS A:;
Jlt'''?/ magnlficfni remedy for weak. men. Its ♦
® fr^' p W^M touch is the touch of magnetism. It fills ®
a f&&W? «S^h the nerves with snap. It charges the body a
i.l *XJmOr ' Wf& ltn a srand force of vitalizing energy /y>
X vtfWfii J wiS» and turns back the hand of time for men V
X 9^Sm 5 !&§S who have begun to feel old. broken down X
i' J5eW - r^^S^). - rS^tH^ S£»S and feeble. It is a eraxid remedy for all *•
* Toi« £&^'' " 'SJclr^r' Si* weaknesses in men. Read what this grate- ▼
+ \TO ' VS^ 5^ v man sa g 8^ N FUANCIPCO. 4. 14. '99. -±
® ' . \ l * \ ff DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN'— Dear Sir: ®
Hr \ I \ I Since using your Electric Belt I have had -£■
® \j I,*>^<J' / excellent health. All my troubles have dis- ®
i ? • I appeared, and I feel twenty years younger -4
(J) I / and look it, too. I was for years a sad ®
i I \ '*"!££' / wreck before using your Electric Belt. I X
/Js I; \. "^ , J suffered so from rheumatism, varicocele, fa
V /I N. V/j insomnia and other troubles that I was V
A • V. .£3™*^ on the verge of collapse. Now, thanks to A
w \\ >' our Electric Belt, I am abl.- to throw
-♦■ **/ \ \ wS^ff^+nm^^ < ?ar '" to the winds and enjoy life once -♦■
j (•) '/ \ x. Wfnß P*morp. Doctor, I will cheerfully recommend ®
i / \ <^^r //Ij V\r4i64&Z&&' your Belt to any one seeking my opinion, .a,
X / - \ >^=Sv Wbfl7v£'Z!ZZl and you may use my testimonial in any
W ■ / / *\. fkj XfcsyvZs^ -form that may benefit suffering humanity.
> L '/ |S^< : <^lr™lnm //// Yours most gratefully, >
(?) r^» tt \<^^\ 1W77/ JAMES F. MACCASKIE, ®
V \ \ft \"^^« I \f'// 563 Misslon street. X
• \ 1 ?\ MEN, DON'T BE ; WEAK. ®
I P x ° v \ SEND FOR THIS BELT. I
X You can be»a stronger man than you are. You should be stronger. You should have fa
.*». more confidence In yourself. Steel your nerves with this electric current. Feel its V
? warming glow as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt saturates your body with it. Call and test A
(•/ this wonderful Belt, free. See what it has done for others; 10,000 cures'. IF YOU V
■¥ CAN'T CALL LET ME SEND YOU MY BOOK, "Three Classes of Men," devoted to X
® the upbuilding of physical manhood. It is worth reading, and will give you proof that ®
4- my system of treatment is successful after all others fail you. Call If you can— that x
(•; is best— or write to ®
I dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, 3EnD fok MY book , ®
■T Office Hours— a. m. to 8:S0 p. m. Sundays, IT IS MAILED FREE* r-\
® 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. X
®>®-f® + ®-f® -f ®+®t®*>®*s>t® -f®f®f® -f®-f®-f® t®4® -f®i®t® t®*S>tS
nebunk and CuttyhunK. his Nantucket
and Wachusett. his Klckapoo and Te
tonka over our tongues, for the mountain
breezes and 'ireath of the prairie are in
them, and ill indeed could wo spare them.
—Self-Culture.
ANSWERS T-> CORRESPONDENTS.
From east to west I've marched beneath the
eagles.
From Paitres unto Gaul.
VOTERS AND POLL TAX— A. S., City.
No bill was passed exempting voters
from paying poll tax in this State.
ATTACK ON MANILA— F. H. G.. City.
The attack on Manila by the Filipinos
was on the sth of Fehrua'ry, 1899.
BOTTOM LANDS— L. G. N.. Waukena,
Tulare County, Cal. The bill in the mat
ter of bottom lands did not become a law.
SPOLIATION CLAIMS-S., Sacramento.
Sacramento. Cal. As yet no bill has been
passed for a settlement of the French
spoliation claims.
WATCH AT THK SEPULCHER-J. W.
W., Riverside, Cal. This correspondent
wants to know who wrote "The Watch at
the Sepulcher," in which are the lines:
THE INDIANA— W. F. N.. Somerville,
Cal. There is no telling when thp trans
port Indiana will return to San Francis
co. She is at this time employed in serv
ice at the Philip]
SEVEN UP— A. S., City. In the gam©
of Beven-up the count is high. low. jack
and game. It is: For a ten-spot, count
ten; for an a>e. four; king, three; queen,
two, and Jack, one.
A NICKEL OF '69-1. B. R., Los Gatos,
Cal. A nickel of ]VW "having on it the
figure 5. thirteen stars, shield and the
words 'In God we trust' " does not com
mand a premium. The market price, how
ever, is from 20 to 4f> cents.
A NUISANCK— A. 8., City. If you are
living on a slope and the water from the
property above you flows onto your prem
ises and Is a nuisance you can commence
proceedings against the owner of that
property to abate the nuisance.
HOURS OF LABOR— S., Marysville.
Cal. For information as to the hours that
workei*? are employed in cotton and wool
en mills in the United States "address a
communication to the i'nite.l States Com
missioner of Labor, Washington, D. C.
PENSION AND POSITION — A sub
scriber, City. A soldier discharged from
the service of the United States and
drawing :i pension would not be deprived
of that pension because he had been ap
pointed to a civil office in a branch of the
United States Government.
GRAPHITE— \V. H. T.. Tehachapi, Cal.
Graphite or plumbago is not one of the
articles <|iioted on the San Francisco
market. For Information in relation to
plumbago mines address a communication
tn th>- secretary of the State Mining Bu
reau, Ferry building, San Francisco.
DEATHS AT THE PHILIPPINES— F.
H. <;.. City. The number of deaths in the
American army of occupation at the
Philippines from all causes since the
hostilities with the Filipinos began can
be obtained by addressing a letter of in
quiry to the 8< cretary of War at. Wash
ington, I>. C.
SULLIVAN-KILRAIN— O. A. S.. Oak
land, Cal. The fight with bare knuckles
between John L. Sullivan and Jake Kil
raln for $10,000 a side and the champion
ship at Riehburg. Miss.. July 8
noi a draw. Seventy-five rounds were
fouerht and Sullivan was declared the win
ner.
XX PORTS AND IMPORTS— W. M. (
Santa, Rosa, Cah The year before the
breaking out of war with Spain the com
mercial statistics of Cuba show: Exports.
89,000.000 pesos; Imports, 56,000,000. The
Philipine Islands: Exports. $30,500,000
i Mexican >: Importations. $25,000,000. There
are no statistics .since the war.
UNITED STATES POSSESSIONS— C. J.
Xi., Germantown, Cal. Alaska is a terri
tory of the Uni'- d "States. It having been
organized as such July 27, i Vi >. The ac
quisition of Hawaii, Puer id the
Philippines has not added any more stars
to the flag. A new star is ily on
the Fourth of July following the admis
sion of a new State.
ADMIRAL DEWBY-L D., Oakland,
Cal. Admiral Dewey was born in Ver
mont, He was appointed to the Naval
Academy at Annapolis in September.
1854. At the breaking out of the war
with Bpain.be was in command of the
Asiatic squadron, composed of unarmor
ed ships. He was ordered to destroy the
Spanish fleet, and he did.
PUGILISM AND FOOTBALL— A. O. S..
City. This department has not been able
to discover any statistics that "will show
how many deaths and accidents have oc
curred in' or from the prize ring as com
pared with football games in the past
twenty years." Perhaps some friend of
this department can furnish the informa
tion this correspondent desires.
THE GAME OF POKER— A. S., Oak
land. Cal. In the game of poker the
joker' is not used, nor are deuces and
trays discarded. The value of the cards
at poker are in the following order: (1)
no pairs, highest card wins: (2) one pair.
(J) two pairs. Mi three or triplets. (5) the
straight or seauence, ";> the flush. (7)
the full (S) fours, (9) the straight flush.
The straight flush is the most unusual of
all hands to hold and is the highest in
value.
SCANDINAVIAN— W.. Philo, Mendoei
no County, Cal. Scandinavia, first used
by Pliny as Scandia, in designating Den
mark as well as the peninsula that still
retains that name, is properly the land of
the Scandi people, so named because they
lived in tents. Scandi is derived from the
Greek "skene," which te the word in that
language for tent. Scandinavia is applied
to ihe peninsula that comprises Norway
and Sweden: also Denmark. The ancient
Scandinavians were a tall, dolichocephalic
race represented by the Row Grave and
Staengenaes skeletons, and the people of
the kitchen-middens. The stature aver
aged * feet 10 inches. They were dolicho
cephalic, with an index of from 70 to 73,
and somewhat prognathous, with fair hair
and blue eyes and a white skin. They are
represented by the Swedes, Frisians and
the fair North Germans.
56
MONDAY 1............ APR1L 24, 1809
JOHN D. ECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main l5fS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (including: Sunday call), one year $6.00
!>AILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 montha 1 .BO
IAILY CALL— By Single Month 680
BCKDAT CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway j
hEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE - Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTOiN. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquetto Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clocK. 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 .clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larl^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock. I
1041 Mission street, open uetll 10 o'clock- 2291 Marvel
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 26'^
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clocK- 1506 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
K«ntucl;y streets, ooen until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Wrong Mr. Wright."
California— "A Hot Old Time."
Grand Opera House — "El tin."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Captain Swift."
Tivoll— "The Geisha." •
Chutes Zoo and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympta— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Grand Opera House— Rosenthal. Tuesday afternoon, 'April 25.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Metropolitan Temple— Moving Pictures.
Odd Fellows' Hall— Haver. Thursday Evening:, April 17.
Alhambra Theater— lntercollegiate Concert, Saturday Night,
April 20.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo.
El Campo— The popular bay resort. Amusements every
Funday.
AUCTION SALES.
■
By Easton. EUridge & -Tuesday, April 25, at 12
o'clock. Real Estate, at 63S Market street.
TliE fINTI-CARTOON LflW.
TDAY the anti-cartoon law, whirled off from
the crnnks of the last session of the Legislature,
into effect — and the effect is: Nit.
• »ns of cartoons in California news
papers cease.] yesterday, and to-day, to-morrow and
t hereafter there are and will be none — Nit
The ; San Francisco will no longer present
to the public pi.: i 'rations of the fools of the
in their motley variety— Nit.
v. ill the graphic pencil of the artist strip
the mask of conventional appearance from the faces
of the vicious and display upon their features the
ails — Kit.
The t press of the State will sheepishly
■ to the manipulations of Gage and go like lost
i cn — Kit.
The . :ito effect, but the press goes on its
nd the way of the press is not: Kit.
MONEY AND MERCHANDISE.
TRADE presented few features of especial im-.
portance last week. Industrial and mercantile
activity continued unabated, as shown by the in
-77 per cent in The bank clearings over the
week last year. The increase at New York was
■ . '' ■ :i 44 per cent, at Chicago 25
in. at Philadelphia 51 per cent, at Baltimore 74
San Francisco 38 per cent, and so on.
and Omaha were the only cities of im
throughout the country to show a loss.
Business failures were 187, against -"-'4 for the cor
g week in 1898. As far as these statistics
1 in trade exhibits no diminution.
This expansion, however, seems at the moment to
tic rather than foreign! Our exports to
luntries in .March fell off 7 per cent below
•'■: last year. The falling off in
tuffs, provisions, mineral oils and live
: '■100,000, but this was offset by
rly 5i0.000.000 in other products. The
in March were $104,463,000, against
817,000 in March, 1898, while the imports were
$J2.~ . ■ $61,507,000. This decrease of
in exports and increase of $11,286,000 in
iifnts previously made
that our imports arc steadily crawling up on our ex
ts. We ;.: :.' re domestic business than
considerably more goods abroad.
In co with the above showing it is inter
esting to note that the money circulation is falling
short of the gi [uirements of our immensely
increased business. Henry Clews, the New York
banker, points out that "there has been an increase
of the money in actual circulation, the amount hav
ri=en from $1,756,000,000 on April 1, 1898, to
000 on :' : this month — a gain of
$171,800,000; but of this increase $112,700,000 has con
sisted of gold, which 1- almost entirely unavailable for
active use in trade; so that we may say the increase in
the forms of money available for retail transactions
is only about $00,000,000 within the last twelve
months. This increase in the active circulation, out
side of gold, is at the rate of 3.4 per cent, while the
increase in the transactions of the clearing-houses of
the country was 46.8 per cent within the same period;
which shows an amazing dispartiy between the ex
pansion of the active circulation and that of the gen
eral trade of the country." This docs not mean that
there is a lack of money, but only that convenient
forms of it for conducting retail trade are wanting.
As long as we have an actual increase in gold it will
be easy to supply its equivalent in lighter forms.
The great staples stand about the same as on the
preceding week. Damage to the wheat crop in the
Western States has not improved prices much, as the
weather is now favorable to the development of spring
wheat. Wool is hardly as active, but the market re
mains steady with a fair movement. The iron mills
are working up to their full capacity, but chiefly on
old orders. Cotton rules firm, but the current de
mand is light.
The situation in California is one of great promise.
With several exceptions, the crops are looking excep
tionally well, and higher prices for the exceptions
noted will offset the decrease in the yield. Everybody
expects a fine year for the farmer and merchant, and
if present indications are fulfilled we will break more
than one record in 1899.
Mose Gunst "has went" again. The overland which
left here last night is speeding him to the East and
Europe, where the newspapers will have another
diance to announce: "Mose Gunst has came."
AN EXPENSIVE SUMMERSAULT.
THE moral burden of the expansionists, if they
possess ordinary sensibility, must be almost be
yond endurance. To subsidize intelligence
in order to make the worse appear the better reason
is bad enough, but deliberately to pervert the senti
ments and even the expressions of great statesmen
and Jo represent them as holding opinions they uni
formly repudiated will not admit even of palliation.
A cogent example of this method of libeling the
dead and the great of our country- is an article in a re
cent issue of the Chronicle, directly inconsistent with
its former utterances on the same topic, in which the
false identification of Thomas Jefferson with the pres
ent doctrine of expansion is repeated, and he is also
■falsely commended for having written sentences in re
spect to Louisiana in which, simply because he did
not mention and was not called upon to refer to them,
lie is treated as having ignored and practically over
ridden the constitution and the Declaration of Inde-
p endence.
In the implications of this article, as any instructed
citizen well knows, there is not a single word of truth.
Thomas Jefferson was the chief author of the Declara
tion of Independence. To the moment of his death,
I in all his published writings, private or official, there
was not one line in which he suggested in any form
the government of men without their consent. He
was so close a constructionist of the constitution, so
deeply convinced that it was, as Mr. Webster after
ward said, "the palladium of our liberties," that even
as to the contiguous, necessary and almost uninhab
ited territory of Louisiana, in the. very first of the
quotations published in the Chronicle, he states that
"an amendment to the constitution seems necessary
fcr this purchase."
To attempt to play upon the imaginary ignorance of
the people by placing Jefferson in the attitude of
sanctioning the acquisition by force of arms of
densely populated Asiatic territory> not on this conti
nent nor in a condition to be converted into States,
is a post-mortem insult to the memory of one of the
greatest patriots and statesmen immortalized in our
national history by the common acquiescence of man
kind upon concocted and spurious versions of his
language and of his acts.
The disparagement of Jefferson is akin to the libel
upon William H. Seward, in the article to which we
have alluded. In speaking of the protection ex
tended to African slavery by the constitution, as it
existed before the Civil War, Mr. SewaH asserted
the existence of a higher law — meaning simply that
slavery and freedom were so hostile to each other that
they could not permanently coexist. Mr. Lincoln on
the same point quoted the text that "a house divided
against itself will not stand," and declared that either
freedom or slavery must prevail. Horace Greeley
once indignantly protested against the constitutional
foundation of the "fugitive slave law" and pronounced
ii. "a covenant with hell." But he never denied that
there was a covenant nor proposed to break it by
force or otherwise than through the pressure of pub
lic opinion, expressed in an amendment. None of
these men, none of the founders of the Republican
party, none even of the great men of the present gen
eration, have ever pretended that the constitution did
not bind every citizen nor that it did not extend over
every foot of territory acquired by the Government
Until now even the Chronicle itself has opposed im
perial colonization and insisted that the Philippines
were to be territorially organized and that their in
habitants were to become our Asiatic fellow citizens.
Truth, reason, precedent, sound policy, every ele
ment of real and enduring prosperity, are assailed by
the expansionists. But the people are not fools, and
they can read between the lines. They fully compre
hend the existing and urgent necessity of maintaining
their own institutions as they were originally framed
and have been successfully applied.
THE FIGHTING IN THE PHILIPPINES
EXTRACTS taken from private letters written
by volunteers serving in the Philippines to
friends at home and published in various ex
changes show that the war against the Filipinos is
rapidly becoming one of the most savage in modern
history. The course of the struggle has been marked
again and again by deeds of purest heroism, but on
the whole it has afforded another illustration of
Sherman's grim saying, "War is hell."
Sergeant Major T. W. Lemon of the First
Washington Infantry is quoted as having stated
in a recent letter that every American who
falls into the hands of the Tagals is first tortured
with fiendish ingenuity, and, when past suffering,
is hideously mutilated. Hospitals are favorite objects
of native attack, and the Red Cross flag draws a vol
ley of bullets whenever in range of the enemy.
These things moved the sergeant to prophesy. "I
venture the prediction," he wrote under date of March
1, "that if we ever make an advance through the
country that advance will go down in history a's one
of the most pitilessly cruel of modern times. Can
you blame us if we should thus war on a people who
come up to you with a white flag in one hand and a
knife in the other, and where the men disguise them
selves as women in order the better to accomplish
their design?"
Guy Williams of the lowa Regiment is quoted as
having written in an account of the capture of a na
tive village by that command: "The soldiers made
short work of the whole thing. They looted every
house and found almost- everything from a pair of
wooden shoes up to a piano, and they carried every
thing off or destroyed it. Talk of the natives plunder
ing the towns; I don't think they are in it with the
Fiftieth lowa."
In a letter from Leonard F. Adams of the Wash
ington Regiment are' the statements: '"In the path
of the Washington Regiment and Battery D of the
Sixth Artillery there were 1008 dead niggers and a
great many wounded. One company of the Tennes
see boys was sent into headquarters with thirty
prisoners and got there with about a hundred
chickens and no prisoners."
Fred 1.. Ilinchman. who is described as formerly a
student of the Brooklyn Polytechnic Institute but
now serving with the United States engineers, is re
ported to have written of the fight of February 22:
"At the Puente Colgante (suspension bridge) I met
one of our company, who told me that the Four
teenth and Washingtons were driving all before them
and taking no prisoners. This is now our rule of
procedure for cause."
These are dreary stories. It is pleasant to, know
there is a nobler side to the struggle, that abundant
instances have occurred to prove the essential hu
manity and heroism of our boys at the front. Never
theless, it is not strange to learn they are weary of
such strife. Sergeant Elliott of Kansas, who has
recentlyl returned hoir-, is reported to have said:
"There's no use trying to conceal the fact that many
of the men over there now, especially the volunteers,
are homesick and tired of fighting way off there with
nothing in particular to gain. There is not one man
in the whole army now in the Philippines who would
not willingly give up his life for the flag if it was
necessary, but it isn't pleasant to think about dying
at the hands of a foe little better than a savage, and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1899.
so far away from home. And the thought of its not
ending for several years is not an especially pleasant
one, either."
Suoh is the record made up by the soldiers at the
front in their letters to friends at home. Is the white
man bound by any duty to accept the burden of such
a. war? Is there anything in imperialism which can
repay him if he takes up that burden not as a duty,
but in the hope of profit?
BELMONTS AND ROOSEVELTS.
T~~) RYAN has in New York City two notable op
|\ ponents — one is a Republican, Roosevelt,
' and the other a gold Democrat, Belmont. He
has in the same city just acquired two notable sup
porters — one is a Metropolitan banquet Roosevelt and
the otller is a dollar dinner Belmont. So the Bel
inonts and the Roosevelts have become political
mixed pickles and the public will have to be careful
to avoid confusion.
The Republican Roosevelt, the illustrious Teddy
the Rough Rider, is not likely to be mistaken for
Robert Roosevelt, who at the Metropolitan banquet
declared himself willing to accept the Chicago plat
form and a Western leader for the purpose of mak
ing a strong fight against plutocracy. There is
danger, however, that the Belmonts may be mixed —
that Perry the gold Belmont may be mistaken for
O. H. P. the silver Belmont, and the result upon the
popular mind be disastrous.
Perry Belmont, like all other gold Democrats, is
virtually out of politics. He stands around, makes
speeches, attends swell banquets and poses as a con
servative. He is out of touch with his party and was
nearly lost to memory when it fell to his lot to send
Bryan an invitation to the ten-dollar banquet and
thus become engaged in a little correspondence with
the man from Nebraska that brought him back to
public attention.
O. H. P. Belmont is a new comer in politics, but
is one of the most distinguished society men in New
York, Newport and London. He married the di
vorced wife of W. K. Vanderbilt and is therefore
stepfather-in-law to the Duke of Maryborough and
our own Mrs. Virginia Fair- Vanderbilt. He made
gifts of gorgeous gold plate at the recent high wed
ding, and he has a stable at Newport that is a miracle.
At the dollar dinner he made his first notable political
speech. In the course of it he said:
"We have reached a point when Democracy must
rule or the heirs of this greatest republic that we
know of must bow their necks to the most powerful
plutocracy the world has ever known — mind you, not
even a national plutocracy,, but an international plu
tocracy, without faith or kin, which will drag us to
the most abject slavery. To-day the people are
waking up to the fact that the freedom of man is the
question. The issue will be in 1900. Are we to be
controlled by the cosmopolitan money power or are
we to be free men of this great republic? Nothing
more, nothing less."
As the Belmonts made their money by acting as
agents in New York for Rothschilds, their knowledge
of international plutocracy must be considerable. It
is interesting to find one of them who is opposed to
the scheme by which the paternal fortune was ac
quired. The ten-dollar banquet Roosevelt, it may
be noted, made a speech of about the same kind as
the one-dollar Belmont, so it is evident that such
little things as the price of a dinner do not affect the
ideas or the oratory of the new brand of Bryanism
that has become a fad in the Four Hundred. All the
same, the public shouldn't get the dignitaries
mixed up.
r\ LTIIOUGH Edward J. Pringle, whose death
/ \ was announced on Saturday last, had occupied
no other official station than that of one of the
Supreme Court Commissioners, for forty-five years
or more he had been professionally connected with
much of the heaviest litigation in the State and had
been a distinguished and respected citizen. lie was a
man of a high order of ability, finely educated, not
merely as. a lawyer but in ancient and modern lan
guages and in the best literature, and possessed of a
perfectly untarnished character. As a member of the
firm of Whitcomb, Fringle & Felton, and in other law
firms witli which he was connected, his practice
brought him into contact with the bench, the bar and
the business community to a degree that made his
name familiar to the public.
His reputation extended to the Supreme Court of
the United States. His industry was indomitable, his
courage superb and his modesty sensitive. Without
melodramatic display he achieved many notable vic
tories in courts both of original and of appellate
jurisdiction. He was an earnest Episcopalian and in
this diocese will be greatly missed. He retained his
faculties and his working powers to the end, and dur
ing his brief service as a Commissioner had displayed
rare judicial qualifications. He died as he had lived,
a Christian gentleman, and is worthily represented by
his surviving family.
When the Lexow committee was investigating the
administration of New York City some years ago the
proceedings constitute^ the sensation of the time, and
little imitation Lexow investigations were started all
over the Union. This year the Mazet investigation is
doing the same kind of work in the same city and
hardly gets a notice. It is evident the American people
cannot be fooled twice in one generation by that sort
of a show.
From the way the British and the Germans arc
gibing at one another over the Samoan question it ap
pears the American commissioner will be virtually a
referee of the controversy, and if he doesn't rule both
the contending parties out on some kind of techni
cality and hold the stakes for future arbitration he is
unworthy the title of diplomatist.
The Supervisors will meet to-day to consider finally
the resolution introduced by Supervisor Attridge to
extend to competing lighting companies the same
privileges now enjoyed by the monopoly in thrs city.
The spirit of the resolution has been indorsed during
the past week by more than a score of the improve
ment clubs of the city.
In the absence of any definite information as to the
cause of the indisposition of Vice-President Hobart
the public will conclude that he is sick of his job.
Very few incumbents of that office have ever desired
it a second time.
A Quaker, detected by his wife when kissing the
servant girl, said. "Quit thy peeping or thee will
make trouble in the -family." This is the answer of
the contractors to the people in the embalmed beef
investigation.
It begins to look now as if Dewey day would be
the biggest day of the year in all parts of the United
States and such a May festival as America never saw
before.
Senator Penrose may be quite right in saying Quay
will get a scat by the Governor's appointment, but the
prospects arc it will be a back seat.
EDWARD J. PRINGLE.
HOW McCLATCHY
OBEYED THE LAW
The following signed editorials ap
peared in the Sacramento Bee on the
day the Southern Pacific's signature
bill became law:
Ah, there! Henry Theophilus Gage:
CHARLES KENNY McCLATCHY.
Greeting: likewise to you, Hotspur
Valiant Morehouse!
CHARLES KENNY McCLATCHY.
To you. Grove Lachrymose Johnson,
the Veepin' Villiam of the Valley, a
royal salaam!
CHARLES KENNY McCLATCHY.
To you, General Julius Hannibal
Dickinson, hero of the Fourth of July
capture of the Sacramento depot, salud!
CHARLES KENNY McCLATCHY.
Caius Maritiß Simpson, valiant sam
pler from the Pasadena vineyards, salu
tamus!
CHARLES KENNY McCLATCHY.
Noble ami thrice, worthy Sigismund
Meshillemoth TVltman, the Gods of Gal]
be ever with thee!
CHARLES KENNY McCLATCHY.
Lucius Regulus. Works, may heaven
still continue to lie about thy spacious
eaxs!
CHARLES KKXNY McCLATCHY.
Thou, Casslus Babylon Jilson, who
■wert seemingly condemned to have an
itching palm like unto thy prototype <>f
old, we who are about to sign our names
salute you !
CHARLES KENNY McCLATCHY.
And thou likewise, Heloreus Elephan
tine Wright, do we turn our eyes also
tinto you and give you the Morituri
Salutamus act!
Rightly art thou named Heloreus, be
cause you played nell or some other
game on your watch.
A GOOD WORD FOR THE GOVERNOR.
•
While Governor Gage was in Los Angeles recently he was asked if
there was any truth in the rumor that he was about to enter upon
the publication of a newspaper— referring to the statement that had
been made that he (Gage) and Dan Burns, Major McLaughlin and
others had formed a powerful combination to start a Republican morn-
Ing newspaper in San Francisco, to run out The Call and Chronicle—
and he replied with an emphatic denial and added:
"Do you think I would have signed those anti-cartoon and signature
bills if I had any thoughts of descending to the newspaper level? An
other thing: My administration needs no organ to bolster it up. it
■will speak for Itself."
Sorry to hear that the newspaper project has fallen through. An or
gan of the prize fighte/s and gamblers would have "filled a long felt
want." His administration may not need an organ to "bolster it up."
and yet we* have not seen a Republican organ capable of "descending to
the newspaper level" of bolstering his action in signing a bill to legal
ize prize fighting, and at the same time vetoing a bill to enable women to
vote at school elections. Certainly this "speaks for itself."— Petaluma
Argus.
MINING BOOMS
NORTH AND EAST
The northern mining region, comprising
Shasta, Trinity and Slskiyou counties, is
fairly booming from end to end. A very
general activity was not noticeable until
last year, when prospectors and capital
ists brought this rich and promising min
eral region well to the front.
"While there are a number of old and
good mines in it, so extensive is it and so
full of hidden mineral-bearing veins that
it is practically virgin ground. For many
years "mining" suggested rathor the old
history of its famous placers than a great
field of present activity. The facts that
most of its ores are base, that there had
been many failures to work them in the
past and that transportation facility
were meager helped retard the develop
ment of the mineral wealth. There must
be many mining locations made and
claims developed for every one that hap
pens to turn out a big mine, and then it
is not the few great mines but the many
small but profitable ones that most stimu
late life and prosperity.
Throughout last year there was a
swarming of 'prospectors in every promis
ing part of this huge region. Hundreds
of claims were located and on scores more
or less development showed riches. enough
to warrant investments by capital. Money
began to stream in by small or large
amounts, and this spring there are prob
ably hundreds of new quartz claims In
these three counties on which steady de
velopment is going on. One hears of com
paratively few.
This year will surely see a great in
crease in the number of prospectors, in
the number of claims on which shafts or
tunnels will proceed and in the number
of mines and prospects sold or bonded.
The snow still lies on much of the ground
which prospectors will seek in this area
of thousands of square miles, but pros- I
pectors are abroad by thousands. A miner
returning to Redding from Trinity Center
last, week met on the way thirty-seven
prospecting outfits going in over thai
road to scatter over Northern Trinity.
A correspondent <>f the Redding Xn ■•■
Press writes from Bragdon, on the Trin
ity: "To see so many teams and pedes
trians going north reminds us of the Cof
fee (.'reek boom of '07. Many of the
hardy looking men who pass here are
men that have locations in that neigh
borhood and arc up to develop
them. Others are in search of undiscviv
ered wealth, while a few are just going
to the high mountains to look out for
something. It seems a little early yet.
but there are many going that way."
Correspondents of Northern California
papers generally report a somewhat ac
tivity from Eastern Shasta and Slskiyou
to Del Norte County, where much pros
pecting will also be done this year.
Then news of pales- of mines, of strikes
in mines under operation or development
and new enterprises, new mills, etc., is
abundant.
From along the upper Trinity River
lively reports are weekly things. Two big
dredger propositions have just come to
the front. About twenty-six bar ami
other placer claims reaching down the
river from Braddons have been bonded
tor six months. The parties contemplate.
putting in n dredger and repeating the
success of th>- big dredging enterprise ai
Poker Bar. Then a Trinity Center com
pany is figuring 'Hi puling a dredger to
work two miles from that place.
The Keswiek Mountain Miner tells
vaguely of a big scheme to buy the whole
town of Bhasta, the old county seat, clear
the townsite and hydraulic it to bed
rock. This was ;: great camp and town
in its day, as many greybeards will re
member. The gulches about were rich,
and a promising quartz mining district
adjoins 1 it now. The sleepy old place is
in a mining region with a future. The
unworked ground on which it. stands
might pay to work. Indeed, it prospects
v.tll. and there as elsewhere the people
hunt the streets for nuggets after rains,
but the old town is not very likely to be
washed away very soon.
H. ('. M'oodrow, a mining expert from
St. Louis, lias been experting various
mine? on Dog Creek. Shasta County, dur
ing the last two weeks. Among them are
the ' Bacchus. Trinity and the Butter
mine. Mr. Woodrow shipped a car of
ore from the Bacchus to the Keswick
smelter.
According to London news the Moun
tain Copper Company, operating the
great Iron Mountain property and the
Keswick smelter, has yet aside J070.000 to
be expended in improvements and ex
tensions this year. The company pro
poses to hustle all the copper possible out
of the ground while prices are high, and
will greatly increase he scale of its op
erations on its rich property, that can
not be exhausted in many years. The
company now ships the matte from the
smelters to its refinery in New Jersey
The success of this company is shown by
the fact that its profits for 189S were
J816.000. The stock sells abroad at $35 a
share, which represents a valuation of
And well art thou entitled Elephan
tine, for, sooth to none but one
possessing the face of an elephant would
have daily occupied your position in the
forum in Sacramento when the health
fe'iving air of San Quentin invited.
CHARLES KENNY McCLATCHY.
And unto thee, Hyperbolus Catiline Dib
ble, also do we give our greeting!
There was a Brutus once that would have
brook'd
The eternal devil to keep his state in
Rome
As easily as a king.
But Brutus never knew Dibble, or he
would not have been so boastful— for Dib
ble ran get away with anything.
CHARLES KENKt McCLATCHY.
To one and to all of the Morehouse
rue, may your shadows never grow
less and your brains sometimes sprout!
CHARLES KENNY McCLATCHY.
All the rascals rejoice at it. All the
Legislators whose hands are unclean; all
public servants who nave ventured on mid
nigrht fishing expeditions into the pockets
of the taxpayers; the tribe of swindlers
and scoundrels: the macqueraux and the
wife beaters; those who do bloody <l> > 'is
i' the dark: the hypocrite and the" sneak:
the Michael Feeney and lago; all tho
rank and nasty vegetation of humanity
all these axe temporarily overjoyed at
the passage of a law which they think
to be in their interest, and which needs
"considerable explanation before the gen
eral public ran be made to believe that it
wus not so intended.
CHARLES KENNY McCLATCHY.
Grove Lachrymose Johnson and Julius
Hannibal Dickinson were its* Demosthenes
and its Cice-ro— Dickinson and Johnsons-
Johnson and Dickinson— two men of whom
Diogenes would not make a way station
if he were alive to-day and on his usual
tramp with his lantern.
CHARLES KENNY McCLATCHY.
$8,725,000. The par value of the Bhares
is $^5. Over 1000 men are now employed.
A large and promising- copper property
on the Trinity River, near Trinity Cen
ter has been bought by Napa "people
from William Vollmers and others .if
Trinity Center. The mine is the Copper
Queen, which shows a good ledge of cop
per ore" standing out of the face of a
wall 200 feet high. The ore is reputed
rich. A 40-ton smelter is planned for
immediate erection. An adjoining gold
mine slightly developed has been bonded
by the same people for $10,000.
Prospecting and development work Is
being pushed on a number of the groups
of copper claims in Shasta County bond
ed to various Eastern people in the past
few months.
The Uncle Sam gold mine of Shasta
County, near Rennett. which was bought
and reopened some time ago, is coming
to the front as quite a bonanza. Rich
ore has been found, and the 15-stamp
mill will be doubled in size.
A valuable strike of cinnabar was made
the other day in the lower level of the '
Altoona quicksilver mine, which is now
producing largely and shipping steadily.
Many mining districts are already be
ing organized since the repeal of the
State mining law, and several demands
for the return of district records have ;
already been made by district recorders
on County Recorders, who are waiting to
know the law. The first demand was
made pome days ago by Waldo Elmore,
who has been recorder of the Flat Creek,
Shasta County mining district, for thirty
years. Recorder L,owden referred the
question to Judge Sweeney, whoso opin
ion was that such requests should !>>■
made of Boards of Supervisors. Recorder
Dowling of Siskiyou County has request
ed an opinion of the Attorney General,
who will soon give it.
At the Mount Shasta mine twenty tons
of rich ore. are being taken out daily.
Twelve four-horse teams are hauling it
to the Keswick smelters.
Charles H. Southern, the financial man
hgt v of the company intending to open up ;
and mine Yreka Creek, from the Shasta
River nearly up to the Yreka Townslte
boundary, has been closing the bargains
in bonding all the land engaged by paying
the first Installment of 11000 on each.
There arc Borne nine or ten claims bonded,
and when the dredger is built and at work
the company will pay out another large
amount, with the balance of the install
ments in one, two and three years. The
same company will also work Cottonwood
Creek at Hornbrook and Henley in the
same manner, with probabilities of carry-
Ing on similar operations in other creeks
and gulches where options at reasonable
figures can be procured from land
owners.—Treka Journal.
A big lime quarry and forty acres of
lime land near Lime Point, Shasta
County, has been bonded by v. Golinsky
and C. G. Ferguson.
Says a correspondent of the Mining and
Scientific Press: There are in Shasta
County sixty-eight idle mills, monuments
to lack of knowledge of the ores In days
gone by. .Now these lias,, ores are bi ■'■■■
successfully treated and mining has taken
a new impetus in these parts \ s vet the
cyanide process is still in the experi
mental stage in this section There is
great activity in mining in this county
Individuals and corporations ar*. camned
in various sections of the county, making
locations and developing properties
c. V. 11. man has discovered some very
tire looking Chrome in his land !i Yreka
Flats, west of town, by digging down a
few feet from the surface, says the Yreka
Journal. It is as heavy as lead, and
makes a fine quality of paint, when
ground and prepared by process of ma
chinery In New York. The cost of ship
ment renders it of , 10 value at present,
but with a pnmt factory on this eoa.-i it
might prove profitable, as there is a great
abundance of this chrome around Yreka
and at other points in the county. Chrome
is found in the foothills in Sacramento
Valley, hauled twenty-two miles to rail
£°?> at Tehama. and thence shipped in
ballast by vessels going to Now York. Its
weight making it good for that purpose.
An assay of this kind of chrome by a
Government assayer in San Francisco a
few years ago. found it contained $3 in
gold and $12 in silver to the ton.
The great mother lode region is likewise
booming. A great amount of development
work is going on and strikes are of daily
occurrence in this and that prospect and
in this or that old mine in which depth
is being pursued.
The biggest news of the week has been
the sale of the Rawhide mine for $1,500,
- as reported, by Captain Nevills and
his two partners, with whom he could not
agree. These men bought the mine tor a
small price six years ago and became
rich.
W. C. Ralston is rushing preparations
for the great 120-stamp mill and the ex
tensive tunnels and flumes which are to
be pushed to completion at the Helones
mine, in Calavoras County.
A preliminary purvey for a railroad
from lone to Jacksoni Amador Countj
is reported under way.
It is reported that some very rich ore
was struck in the Ribbon Rock mine, near
Diamond Springs, during the past week.
says the Mountain Democrat This is the
mine the title to which is in litigation,
and like all mines in that district is prov
ing rich with depth an. l development.
One of the new and important
prises of this region is that of the r<
ly incorporated El Dorado Power Cotft
panv whirh asks a county franr!
El Dorado County to string electric wir«<s
along the mineral belt of the count
poweT will be generated in the Am-
River and will be supplied to mines and
towns.
Regarding the situation in Tuolumne
County, the Sonora Union-Democrat says:
"Reports from al! directions indicate that
then- is an activity in quartz mining
never before exhibited, with indications
that ihe tide of underground development
is but in the primary stage certain it 13
that companies are launching out into
more extensive operations, while many
owning magnificent reduction Pjants
whirh a year nr two ngo were considered
more than adequate for any work they
might- be called upon to do are now talk
ing of Mgger hoists, mills, etc.. while the
addition of from one to four batteries of
stamps is an everyday occurrence. Ihe
arrival of an assured BUpply of water has
been the cause of opening many claims
that had laid idle ton months out of every
twelve for the past three years, and also
brought in men with means anxious f to
buy almost anything in the quartz line.
The famous Alaska mine, situated in
the southern part of Sierra County, is
aboul to be reopi ned after having lain
idle for a number of years.
.JAMES O. DENNY.
NEWS OF JOREIGN NAVIES.
French gunners at the sea fortifications
of France are admitted to he deficient by
Mr. Lockroy, Minister of Marine, owing
to the fact that the coast defenses are
jointly under the control of the army and
navy. He recommends that the sea coast
forts he placed under naval supervision,
as the present dual r::mand means ab
sence of responsibility.
Lorbjoernen and Havoernen, or Sea
I Bear and- Sea Eagle, are the names of
the first two torpedo-boats built at the
dockyard at Copenhagen for the Danish
navy. They are of 143 tons displacement,
146 feet 6 inches In length, and made
twenty-four knots on trial with 2317 horse
power. Smaller boats built by Thorney
. croft in 1884 for the Danish navy cost
$100,000 apiece, while the new boats, BO
per cent larger and one knot faster, cost
only $77,500 each. _
There are thirty-two cruisers of speeds
from 22 to 25 knots belonging to the several
naval • powers of the world, and of
these only two— the Powerful and Terri
ble— credited to the British navy. The
several navies are represented as follows:
France, 5; Japan, 4; Argentine, Chile,
Germany. Brazil and United States. 3
each; China, Italy, Portugal and Great
Britain, 2 each. This number embraces
vessels exceeding 1000 tons displacement.
A third torpedo-boat of the Boa and
Cobra type has been completed at Yarrow
for the Austrian navy. The latest boat
is named Kigyo, and on March 15 last
averaged 24.3 knots during a three hours'
continuous .trial, carrying a load of forty
four tons. These boats are receiving high
praise from British and other naval offi
• is and are pronounced to be better than
any of that size in the British navy. They
are only 130 -tons displacement and about
152 feet in length, but possess excellent
seagoing quality and are capable of
standing usage which would disable
larger and swifter boats.
The Fleurus, a third-class cruiser,
launched in 1.-3, has only recently passed
through a final successful trial. She was
intended to make eighteen knots, but
reached only about seventeen, owing to
defective boilers, and a second set was
put in. "With — Niclause— boilers 4000
horsepower was reached with a coal con
sumption of 1% pounds and a speed of
! eighteen knots was attained. While this
vessel has been experimented with for
five years, the speed of cruisers of her
length— which is nearly 230 feet— has
reached considerably over twenty knots,
and the l^eurus must be classed with the
"back numbers" of other vessels built
twenty years ago.
An armored cruiser named Gromovoi is
nearly ready for launching at the Baltic
works on the Neva, near St. Petersburg.
The vessel is 473 feet in length, 68 feet 6
inches beam and displaces 12,336 tons on a
draft of 26 feet, and will have engines of
18,000 horsepower, calculated to give a sea
speed of 20 knots. The armor belt is of 6
inch Harveyized steel extending for a
length 300 feet, and all the gun protections
are of the same material and thickness.
The battery is unusually heavy and ef
fective in its distribution, consisting of
four 8-inch quick-firers in casemates, two
forward and two aft; sixteen 6-inch quick
firers located as follows: Ten in broad
side on main deck, two aft in recessed
ports, two in recessed ports under fore
castle, one in the eyes of the bow and one
right aft in the stern. The minor guns
are twenty 12-poundera and twenty-four
smaller size down to machine guns, mak
ing a total of G4 guns. The hull will be
wood sheathed and coppered.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per rt> at Townsend'B.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
. ♦ ■
A French authority <>v the venoms of
insects and reptiles has established the
fact that the poison of the hornet in suf
ficient quantity renders one safe from
that of the viper.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMII.bD,
Sante Fe Route.
Three times a week; SVi days to Chicago, 44
days to New York. Handsomest train and moat
complete service. Full particulars at 62S Mar
ket street.
"Mrs. Wxn3low's Soothing Syrup"
Has been ueed for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the Rums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 23c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantaga
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay. $2 50 per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street, Han Francisco.
"Well." Bald the editor, "I don't see any
particular difference when the two sen
are analyzed."— lndianapolis Jour
nal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The palate is almost
tickled with Scott's Emul-
sion of Cod-liver oil. The
stomach knows nothing
about it, it does not trouble
you there. You feel it first
in the strength it brings ; it
shows in the color of cheek
and smoothing out of
wrinkles.
It was a beautiful thing
to do, to cover the odious
taste of Cod-liver oil, evade
the tax on the stomach, and
take health by surprise.
It warms, soothes, strength-
ens and invigorates.
50c. and $i.no, all druggist*.
SCOTT & bOW.Nt, Chemists, New Y«riuHURRICANE AND
WARS LAY WASTE
THE CAROLINES
Barkentine Ruth Brings News
From Southern Seas.
A Storm Devastates Kusaie While Fight
ing and Bloodshed Rules at Panape
and Ruk With Dire Results.
JHE barker.tine Ruth arrived from the
southern seas yesterday after an ex
citing cruise. She brings the news of
a hurricane it KusaJe, fighting at
Ponnp»\ the probable (loath of K. D.
' i'K« fo, the copper kins? of Yap; the re-
L^Wase of J. V. Melander, an American
.-.tiz'n. by the Spaniards: the wreck of
the Horatio and the probable loss of the
missionary schooner Hiram Bingham. In
Huk there is a tribal war and the mis
sionaries have taken sides. John Extrom,
a passenger on the Ruth, lays the blame
for all the trouble at the door of the
preachers of the gospel of peace. At
• I'onape the Germans are trying to pain
a foothold, and the natives are prepared
to fight the moment any concession is
granted them. All In all there were lively
times in the Carolines.
The Ruth brought up Captain West of
the wrecked whaling bark Horatio and
Ms wife; \V. F. Joseph, first officer; Wil
liam Besse. second officer; Theo Burgeon,
sailmaker; A. Johe. boatswain, and two
s-ailors. also of the Horatio. Captain
West has little to add to the account of
the lops of his vessel already published
in The Call. He attempted to enter the
harbor without a pilot and the vessel
crashed <>n a hidden reef and became a
total IO3S. Three tons of copper, seventy
five t«ns of old iron, rigging and gear
from the wre< k was brought up on the
Ruth. The remainder of the barkentine's
carter was 2SS tuns copra and 12,000 cocoa
nuts.
"1 wonder what has become of the
missionary schooner Hiram Bingham?"
said Captain Challeston yesterday. "Cap
tain Walkun was short in his crew, bo he
signed on four of the wrecked sailors
from the Horatio and Bailed from Kusaii
for San Francisco on February 19 last.
1 sailed in the Ruth the next day. and
since that 1 have been to Ponape, where
I lay at anchor a week; to Ruk, where
L' lay another week,, and to Guam, when
; I remained live days. From Guam I came
direct to San Francisco.
"The biggest storm ever known raged
in the Carolines last February. At Kusaie
it carried away two miles of the coral
reef and turned the lagoon harbor Into
it boiling cauldron. Houses were blown
down, c'icoamii and breadfruit" trees were
torn up by the roots and the waters were
backed up until the town was flooded.
l)rs. Channnn and Rife, the missionaries,
with their wives and families were com
pelled to flee to the hills, nd Mrs Oleane
and another woman missionary nearly
lost their lives. I was off the group when
the hurricane came down and 1 never
paw such a blow before. Luckily we were
under snug canvas, but even that was
blown to shreds and we had to scud under
bare poles. The next trader that goes to
Kusaie will hardly recognize the place
and the crop of copra will be light for
several years owing to the number of
cocoanut trees that were blown down.
"You have had the news that J. V. Me
iander, an American trader, had been
m:\de a prisoner by the Spaniards at
Ponape on July 4 last. They not only
made him a prisoner but also confiscated
his schooner. Well, shortly before we
reached Ponape Melander was given his
schooner and was told ho could go as
soon as he pleased. The Governor was
all smiles, assuring Melander that he
never had been a prisoner, as his papers
had not been taken away and he could
have left /in his vessel whenever he
pleased. Melander said nothing, but
seized the opportunity and sailed at once
"Ponape is practically in a state of
JSED A GASPIPE
ON THEIR RIVAL
TRAGEDY AMONG DIVORCED
WOMEN AT SAN BERNARDINO.
Mrs. Mary Anderson Arrested in This
City and Her Sister May Be
Charged With Murder.
Mrs. Mary Anderson, who was ar-
Thursday night on Powell street by De
e Anthony on a dispatch from
of San Bernardino, may
.. charge of murder.
Brown arrived from San
■ v morning and left
with her last evening. The warrant
- with assault to murder.
• puty Sheriff stated that Mrs.
who is the divorced wife of
. a w althy Baloon-keep< r
. and her sister. Mrs. Car
.<, ho is also divorced from
md, were I Mrs. Lulu
■ . • .i divorcee. April 17
. ■ . ■ ■
Mrs. Fincle that a gentleman v
the wine room of the
Sin Bernardino. She
■i was met by Mrs. Ander
who were h
■ i otherwise disguised. Tl"
■ with, it is supposed, a ;>!
which was found In the wine
• her terribly. They both
this city and her
, where she \v:is cap
. In prison in San Ber
id that Mrs.
ndftlon wh(
4. The
tion was kept
who ;h a handsome
.
IT WAS LOW PRESSURE.
Forecaster Willson Explains Why the
Thermometer Took a Drop and
What Caused the Rain.
■ r wiiison of the Weather Bu
explaii • frcilt in the
■ ■ liis entire satisfaction. The
n drop In ral ure and the
Bai : day nighl ••
b very low pressure in Ne
: • the
days. This low pressure
. rth, and when it reached
■i ry rap
dly and i aused the storm that
'rom the Pacific.
TJu tin fell in the Immediate
GRAPE-NUTS.
A New Flavor
FOR BREAKFAST
GRAPE-NUTS
Furnishes the carbo-hydrates
in form of Crape-Sugar, val-
uable lor Athletes, Brain . . .
Workers or Invalids.
AT GROCEAS.
i
' siege and the soldiers are afraid to leave
their barracks. Two of the tribes have
risen against the Spaniards and nothing
saves the Dons from extermination but!
; a hostage whom they hold. They cap- j
I tured a native named Henry Nanapi,
whom the tribes in revolt hold in the
I greatest esteem and veneration. As long >
! as the Spaniards can keep Nanapi and ,
j keep him alive Ponape is safe, but should
lie escape or die the natives will sweep
I all before them.
"The news of the destruction of the
| Spanish fleet and the fall of Manila was ,
brought to the Carolines by a Japanese
i trader. The Spanish were seared half to
death, and two of their gunboats they
ran into the mangrove swamps and care-
I fully covered them over with mangrove
bushes. They were still in hiding when
we left.
"E. D. O'Keefe, the copra king of Tap
and owner of St. David Island, is miss
ing. He went away for a cruise in one of
his boats and was three months overdue
when we left. His people had almost
given him up as lost, but were hoping
against hope that he might have been
wrecked on one of the other islands.
O'Keefe was quite a character and has
had a most romantic career. He came
originally from South Carolina and his
wife and daughter are still living there. ;
Thirty years ago he was forced to leave
Charleston and ever since his home has i
been In the Carolines. He has a native I
wife at Yap and another at St. David and j
a very highly educated half-caste daugh- |
ter in Hongkong. His wife at Yap is a |
splendid business woman and no one can
strike a better bargain or get a better
price for copra than she. In spite of his
faults O'Keefe was a splendid fellow and
loved by all the natives in the group."
John Kxtrom. who came up on the j
Ruth, is the agent for the J. F. Cunning- ;
ham Company at Ruk. He has been sta
tioned there for three years, but Went;
over to Guam with his wife and family '
to establish a trading station at Agana.
He left his wife and children at Agana
and came on here to secure a supply of ,
goods for his new place.
"A tribal war is raging at Ruk." said
Mr. Extrom yesterday. "1 am sorry to
say the missionaries are egging the na
tives on. This Is particularly true in
the cast- of the Rev. A. G. Snelling. I
incurred this man's ill-will because 1
sheltered a fugitive chief and would not i
• give him up when Snelllng's warriors de- !
manded him. Instigated by the mission- !
i ary. the natives stole my boat and tried j
to burn my house down. The house Is
riddled with bullets tired into it by the
natives. The rival missions are the
cause of all the trouble, and until some
one puts a stopper on the missionaries
the righting will go on.
"The Germans are trying very hard to
get a foothold on the islands. They keep j
the Governor of Ponape not only in their <
debt, but half the time drunk, and are
constantly trying to get him to make
over land to them. The Governor cannot j
make over an acre to them, as he does j
not own it. The natives hold the land, J
and refuse to pay taxes or recognize the j
Spaniards in any way. If the Germans
attempt to seize any of the islands there
will be fighting right away."
Another passenger by the Ruth was A.
G. Maddern, a Stanford student, who
made the voyage on the barkentine to the
islands and back for recreation and expe
! rience. He says the Americans are in
peaceful possession at Guam and that the
natives seem pleased at the change. Now
that the Spaniards have been dispos
sessed, he thinks the Ladrones will be
come the most prolific islands in the
southern seas. Americans and Euro
peans are already flocking there, and
business is increasing wonderfully.
' vicinity of San Francisco and around the
bay. There was a small fall of rain at
t, Eureka and along the coast
•■• yon and Washington. Mr. Willsoii
thai the storm will dissipate itself
with the next twenty-four hours. He •x
--showers to-day from the south, as
an eddy of low pressure is sweeping over
fehachapl in a northerly direction.
The greatest amount of rain fell at thp
[ Mount Tamalpais. but even there
it was light. A peculiar feature of the
= t<>rni was the suddenness with which it
developed. The widening of the low
' pressure caused the fall in temperature
that was felt here.
DARING BURGLARS AT WORK.
A Gents' Furnishing Store on Kearny
Street Entered and Valuable
Goods Stolen.
A daring burglary in Selig*s gents'
furnishing store, 21 s ? Kearny street, was
rted ai police headquarters yesterday
. morning and Captain P.ohen detailed De
tectlve <i'l>ia on the case.
The store had been entered between
11:40 o'clock Saturday night, when It was
1 closed, and 7:30 yesterday morning, when
the burglary was discovered. The daring
character of the burglary was shown by
: the tad that entrance and exit had been
; made by the burglars through the tran- ;
som over the front door, and that besides
| the regular policeman on the beat there j
is a special watchman on the blook.
The Interior of the store showed that
; the burglars had taken ample time to
make a selection of the must expensive
and less bulky poods. Boxes had been
emptied of their contents and were
■ i on the floor, but no attempt had
I ■■■■n made to rob the safe or cash
drawer.
• of thf articles stolen amounts '■
boul MOO and they consist of forty- i
do*en silk handkerchiefs, tw<
boxes of gloves, five dozen neckwear, two
■•■•• buttons and six dozen
assorted plated collar buttons. No trace
of the borglars lias  . ..., obtained.
IS IN STOCKTON.
Mrs. I. V. Reste Locates Rachael
Costley, Her 14-Year-Old
Daughter.
Pretty little 14-year-old Rachel Costley,
who left her home on Friday last, has
been located In Stockton, where she is
living with an aunt. Her mother. Mrs.
1. V. Reste, who resides at 1035 Market
street, heard from her daughter by tele
phone on Saturday. There is some rea
ir the girl's leaving home that her
mother evidently knows, but does not
wish to disclose.
Mrs. Reste was very much opposed to
being interviewed, and she had very lit
tle to say regarding her daitffhtor'a going
from home. She, however, ad
i that Rachel had disappeared on
Friday last unaccompanied, and that she
had not heard from her until Saturday.
When asked when her daughter would
return she said that she did not expect
her to come back at all, and she ix
pressed very little concern for her wel-
Beyond this statement Mrs. Reste
would not say anything, except thrit
Rachel was well and happy and she was
With her aunt in Stockton.
"The Devil's Mistakes."
Dr. rharles Edward Locke had for ins
Bubjed last evening at thr> Central Meih
("hurrh "Tho Mistakes of iho
Devil." Hi* trxt was Ephesiana vi:ii—
"Put on tho whole armor of (jod, that
you may he ahle to stand against the
wiles of the devil." Dr. Locke said in
part:
The dayi ot cilvalry «r« not passed. The.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1899.
The Barkentine Ruth Brings News of War and Hurricanes in the
Caroline Islands.
noblest knight who ever -wore an armor ie the
chevalier of the crops. With his loins girt about
with truth, with the breastplate of righteous
ness and his feet shod with the preparation of
peace, with the shield of faith, the helmet of
salvation and the sword of the spirit, our mod
ern knight is prepared to meet the archenemy
of human souls and all the cohorts of evil.
Dr. Locke then defined sin, and spoke
of its origin and the various theories of
the devil, and what the Bible means by
Satan and temptation, and then discussed
at some length what ne termed the "mis
takes of the devil." He referred to the
patriarch Job, who, after repulsing the
temptations of the evil one, was given
"twice as much as he had before."
Among the other calamitous blunders
made by the enemy of souls, he spoke of
the sale of indulgences and the protest of
Luther, of the persecution of the Puri
tans in Europe, of the introduction of
slavery into the New World and how the
freedom of all the slaves of Christendom
was thereby precipitated. He also re
ferred to the treatment which the Bible
had received at the hands of its enemies,
j and he closed by speaking of the evil of
i intemperance. His argument was that
I all of these machinations for the over
i throw of righteousness had but aroused
I the people of God to greater activity:
I and that the citadels of evil would some
j day be overthrown, and even the places
I which they occupied should be known
jno more forever. In referring to the
anti-canteen law, he said:
I should not be surprised if it will appear
that the devil has made another mistake for
the success of his cause in the recent nullifica
tion of the anti-canteen law by the Attorney
Oeneral of the United States. It is an Insult
to the intelligence of this nation. Any school- |
boy can see that the plain intent of the law has
been stultified by the illogical and mendacious
interpretation of the Attorney General. I won
der if it will not be another Dred Scott decis
ion! Is Judge Taney to have an Ignoble suc
cessor in John W. Griggs? How long will our
nation trifle with this devil of rum? A long
suffering people should not quietly consent to
this colossal outrage. Are we, indeed, as the '
late Secretary Winilom once said, "A rum-ruled
people?" If this monstrous octopus can put one
of its long tentacles into the Cabinet of the
United States and utterly defy the intent and
purpose of Congressional action, and entirely
misconstrue the plain language of an enacted
law, It Is high time. Indeed, that a whisky
cursed republic should assert Its rights. This I
vile design of the evil one can be reduced to
Ignominious defeat If tumultuous protests are
rolled In upon the Attorney General from every
part of this nation. We hope President Me- ■
| Kinley will be equal to this emergencj and that
the sale ■•; liquors In military posts will be a I
j thing of history.
READY FO-. THE aAZAAB.
C. L. A. S. Completing Arrangements
for Next Week's Fete.
There wis another enthusiastic meeting
of th« ladies of the Catholic Ladies'
iv held yesterday afternoon at St.
Mary's Cathedral for the purpose of per
fecting plan« for the big charity bazaar.
to open mi Thursday evening at N. S. G.
w. Hall on Mason street. Mrs. Margaret
and Philip S. Fay presided and
members from branches on both sides <>f
the* bay were present to help the gooci
work along. M. J. Hart, chairman of the
Celtic Union, was on hand and submitted
a programme, which was adopted, for the
ten days the fete will continue. It is as
follows:
Thursday evening, address by Mayor
Ph< lan and the opening of the contest for
the most popular fireman and policeman.
Friday evening, Sodality night; Satur
day, Celtic Union night: Monday, Dewey
day. Native Rons' and Daughters' day,
special programme of patriotic music;
Tuesday, Y. M. L and Y. 1,. T. day.
Wednesday, Ancient Order of Hibernians'
day; Thursday. St. Vincent de Paul; I'ri
day. Catholic Onion's day; Saturday, Vet
eran and Exempt Firemen's day.
The committee which is arranging the
details of the contests for the most popu
lar fireman and policeman reported prog
ress and was augmented by the appoint
ment of four more members. They were
County Clerk William Dean, William
Shaugnessy, J. E. O'Brien and J. B. Mc-
Clusky.
Mrs. Maruarot Dean^ reported that
John McLaren, superintendent of the
park, had kindly offered the use of all the
plants and ferns that will be necessary,
and that Superintendent Wilkum <>f the
park museum will loan f<>r tho week what
curios the ladles may select. Mr. Wilkum
asked, however, that he be Insured
against the Idas of any of the things ho
might be called upon to loan, and Super
visor Deasy and A. B. McGuire wore ap
pointed as a committee to see to the in
surance. Dennis Foley, (he blind mu
sician, also sent |n a note volunteering
the services, gratis, of himself and his
orchestra, and by a unanimous vote a let
ter was sent him thanking him for his
proffer and accepting it
Other meetings will be held during the
week up to the time of opening", and there
Ib every promise thnt the bazaar is to
be one of the big successes of the season.
It will be if hard work and good manage
ment can make It so.
Mrs. E. B. Brown Secures a Divorce.
The suit of Mrs. Ella Button Brown
against her husband. John McA. Brown,
for divorce, to which reference frail
made in nn issue of this paper several
weeks ago, came up for trial before
Judge Burnett at Santa Rosa a few
days ago.
In her original complaint plaintiff pre
ferred pome sensational charges of mis-
Conduct agalnsi Mr. Brown, but the court
sustained a demurrer to this complaint
because the charges were too uncertain.
Upon an amended complaint being filed
the court granted her a divorce on the
ground of the husband's desertion. The
defendant belongs to a well-known fam
ily. who have redded for many years in
Petal uma.
Rosenthal's Farewell.
Tho sale of scats for the two farewHl
Rosenthal recitals at the Grand Opera
house, which began Saturday morning,
was very succesful, and there is no doubt
that the famous pianist will ho greeted
by lßrse audiences. Among the many
classical numbers on tho programme
there will ho several that Rosenthal has
not played in this city.
Ocean ;7ater Tub Baths.
101 Seventh et.. corner Misiion. Salt water,
direct from ocean.
HEAVY GALE
IS BLOWING
OFF THE COAST
National City Came
Back in Distress.
MACKINAW HAD A HARD TIME
MANY SAILORS ON THE IOWA
SICK WITH MALARIA.
Captain Wallace Takes Charge of the
Pacific Coast Company's Wharves.
Knock-Out Drops for
a Sailor.
It blew a hurricane outside on Satur
'■ day a,nd Sunday, nml vessels that start
|ed north had a terrible time of it. The
i collier Mackinaw, for the sound, was
sighted rolling in the trough of the sea
with her engines stopped; the steamer
\ National City, for Unga Island, pot such
a buffeting that she had to put back for
repairs, and the barkentine Ruth, from
the Southern seas, had her decks swept
while making port.
The National City was under charter to
the Bitka Consolidated Gold Mining Com
pany, and Bailed for Unga on Saturday
morning. It was blowing fresh when the
1 start was made, and as soon as the
steamer was well outside and atraighten
i ed out on her course the wind began to
Increase. When Point Reyes was reach
; ed it was blowing a gale from the north
west, and the stout little craft was bare
ly );..lding her own againsi it. The waves
swept her fore and aft, and one of them
made its way Into the cabin, flooding it.
When the National City was seven
milps northwest of Point Reyes a tre
mendous roller broke aboard. It broke
in the doors and windows of the engine
room, carried away some of the state
room doors, flooded the forecastle and
engine room and drove the firemen on
deck. For a while the vessel lay like a
log on the water, and was at the mercy
of the waves. The firemen immediately
went back to their posts, and kept swam
on the boilers until the vessel was run
into Drakes Bay. An examination of
the vessel was there made, and Captain
Dettmers decided that the best thing he
could do was to return to San Francisco
for repairs. The engine room was fixed
and some repairs made, after which the
vessel came on here, arriving yesterday
morning. She was docked at Channel
str. et. and to-day will be overhauled to
see whether It Is necessary to unload her
or not. •
The barkentine Ruth made a very fast
run of thirty-six days from Guam, and
ran Into the hurricane oft' Poini Reyes.
Captain Challeston reports se, ing a
fleet of vessels off shore making heavy
weather of il. Mi' saw the collier Mack
inaw, and her endues were stopped and
she was rolling gunwales under in the
trough of the sea. Half an hour later the
Mackinaw got under way and began to
forge slowly ahead. Captain Challeston
thinks something was wrong with her
machinery.
The vessels that went out on Saturday
were the bark Prussia for the sound, the
Occidental, Samoa, Mary Winkoiman.
Mary Buhn and Alice Hlanchard for
Eureka; Mackinaw tor Tacoma, 11. W.
Bartlett for Bristol Bay, El Rio Rey for
Bowens Landing., Daisy Kowe for COO 3
Hay. Eureka, for Coquiile River and the
Westport for Point Arena. All of these
vessels must have had a lively time of It
in the storm.
The British ship Pyrenees, seventy
three days from Newcastle, X. B. \V\,
arrived yesterday. On March 17 the ves
sel was off the Mitchell group of islands.
The natives came out to the vessel, and
the captain presented them with some
books and papers. The Pyrenees also
caught the storm, and both captain and
crew were glad to make port.
Nearly half the crew on the battleship
lowa are on the sick list, and the men
are loudly protesting. All of them seem
to have more or less malaria, and they
are clamoring for the removal of the ship
to better quarters. The lowa is lying oft
the I'nion Iron Works, and is Just in the
position for the crew 10 get the full bene
fit of the Channel street sewers. This
stench eddies around the warship twice a
daj . and when it is not in motion a few
odors from Butehertown are wafted
north on the breeze. Not very long ago
the battle ship Oregon was lying in the
same place, and all her crew were more
or less sick with malaria. In conse
quence the vessel had to he removed to
an anchorage off Harrison street, and the
necessary repairs made there.
Captain Thomas Wallace of the Walla
Walla takes charge if the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company's wharves to-day.
He has been thirty-three years in the ser
vice of the company, and a better liked
master never trod a ship's deck. He was
offered the superintendency of the
wharves three times, and it was only un
der pressure that he now accepts the po
sition.
.P. W. O'Donnell. a sailor on the United
States ship Badger, was taken to the
Harbor Hospital yesterday by an Ameri
can District Telegraph messenger boy.
The latter said he found the seaman on
the corner of California and Front.
O'Donnell told him that he had been
givrn carbolic acid by a woman in a dive,
and that he was afraid he was going to
die. At the hospital Dr. Shaw pumped
thft sailor out and put him to bed. The
man was in a stupor, and the doctor is
of the opinion that he was given knock
out drops.
The Hawaiian bark Willseott arrived
from Honolulu yesterday. The first part
of the voyage was against contrary
winds, but during the last ten days the
bark averaged 200 miles a day. The Wi.i-
Bcott was refused a Hawaiian register in
Honolulu, and the matter is going to be
fought out in the courts here.
CHARLES H. LEAVITT DEAD.
One of San Francisco's Earliest Me
chanics Passes Away.
Charles H. I,eavitt, one of San Fran
cisco's earliest mechanics, died at his res
idence, 620 Ellis street, yesterday morning
at the age of 70 years. The deceased was
one of the pioneers who in his time and
day helped to build San Francisco from a
tented village to a great metropolitan
city.
He arrived in San Francisco in the
month of January, ISSO, at the age of 20
years, coming from York. Me. Immediate
ly on his arrival he associated himself
with the Pioneer Iron Works, then located
on Jackson street, near Montgomery, and
at once set to work in turning out such
castings as were then in use for the build
ings about the city. His first and princi
pal heavy contract was in casting the iron
doors, still in use, for the Broadway jail
and the old City Hall prison. From Jack
son street the Pioneer Iron Works was
moved to 827 Beale street, where the
foundry was located for a number of
years and known as "Klttredge & Leav
itt's Safe and Lock Manufactory." At
this place considerable work was turned
out for the then modern buildings going
up in and about San Francisco. One of
the heavy contracts undertaken and
pushed to a satisfactory finish was the
Iron work for the State Capitol dome at
Sacramento, which was put in place un
der the immediate supervision of Leavltt.
The construction of all the steel vaults
now in use at the Safe Deposit building at
California and Montgomery streets, the
construction of the gas tanks and piping
in use at the Hotel del Monte, the iron ;
work for the Palace and Baldwin hotels,
with several other buildings, were the
work of the deceased. In former years
the only safes in use in this city, and on
the coast for that matter, were
those turned out by Kittredge &
Leavitt. As an expert on locks
Leavitt had no superior in his
day, and even up to a short time before
his death his services were invariably
called for by bankers and merchants to
open safes that had become refractory in
their workings or where combinations had
been lost.
< tne of Leavitt's room-mates for a num
ber of years was "Billy" O'Brien of bo
nanza fame, when that genial old man con
ducted a whisky saloon in connection with
Millionaire Flood on Washington street.
Injuries to his eyesight caused him to
retire from business about ten years ago,
since which time he lived quietly with his
wife and two daughters at the place
where he died. His funeral will be held
to-morrow at 2 o'clock from his late resi
dence, with interment at Masonic Ceme
tery.
AT THE PARK AND BEACH.
Cold Weather Thins the Crowds — In
teresting Monkey-Naming
Contest.
It was "colder than the Klondike" at
the park and beach yesterday, and the
few people who went out for a day's en
joyment soon hurried home on the
same mission. There was no music, the
drive was deserted, and only an occa
sional half-frozen wheelman appeared on
the paths.
Owing to the fact that shelter is af
forded at the Chutes, a fair crowd vis
ited that resort. Considerable interest is
at present centered on the monkey nam
ing contest. A baby, monkey is now the
pride of the Chutes, and to properly pro
vide the little animal with a suitable name
all the patrons of the ground are allowed
one suggestion as to what its title should
be. the winner to be awarded a prize.
Next Sunday the balloting closes, and a
committee of newspaper men will decide
the contest and christen the proud mon
key.
The usual aquatic contest entertained
the guests at Sutro's Baths. The results
follow: Fifty-yard dash— First, C. Dono
van; second. H. McKenzle. Fifty-yard
special for amateurs— C. Donovan, first:
W. Hurley, second. High diving for
boys— T. Guerrin, first; R. Beysum, sec
end. Trick and fancy spring-board div
ing—E. McKenzie, first: C. Donovan, sec
ond. Trapeze and high diving, won by
A. J. Baker.
*//{a/t r Zsufoln&
Benefits the 111, the "convalescent and the well.
The fact that It Is prepared by the Anheuser-
Busch Ass'n guarantee* Its superior merit.
GUNST STARTS* FOR EUROPE.
The Junior Police Commissioner Will
Spend Six Months Abroad.
Police Commissioner Moses A. Gunst
left on last night's overland train for New
York, where he will take passage for
Europe. Mrs. Gunet accompanied him.
They will remain away for six months,
during which time they will journey leis
urely through the pleasant places in the
old world.
At <i recent meeting of the Police Com
missioners Mr. Gunst was granted a leave
of absence from the sittings of the board
so as to enable him to take the trip. He
has not been In the best of health lately
and his physicians decided that the rest
he needed could not be obtained in this
city, where he had so many calls upon
his time and energy from public and pri
vate interests. Somethingrless than a year
ago the Police Commissioner took a sim
ilar vacation without receiving much ben
efit.
ONLY ONE BID
MADE FOR THE
CLIFF HOUSE
C. E. Loose Alone in
the Field.
HIS OFFER TO BE REDUCED
CONSIDERS HIS ORIGINAL j:IG
URE TOO HIGH.
Pabst Brewing Company Not a Com
petitor, but Interested in the
Furniture of the Sea
side Resort.
W. A. Loose of Bodie, Cal., is authority
for the statement that his brother, C E.
Loose of Provo, Utah, is the only bidder
in the field for the Cliff House property.
In a published article it was made to ap
pear that there was a spirited competition
among local and Eastern Capitalists for
the acquisition of the historic .resort. C.
E. Loose, who has amassed a fortune in
mmmg 1 , desired the property as an in
vestment and bid $100,000 for it. Accord
ing to his brother, who is at present in
this city, this 1b the only written bid that
has been filed with A. J. Rich & Co., who
are engineering the pale of the site. In
discussing the matter yesterday Mr.
Loose said:
"I am quite positive that my brother's
bid of $100,000 for the Cliff House property
is the only one that has been made. I
have been busy prosecuting inquiries on
the proposition and have communicated
to him the result of my observations,
which may cause him to materially scale
down the price he has offered.
"In the first place the property cost in
all but $50,000, and the Pabst Brewing
Company put in about $15,000 worth of fur
niture. The only interest of the beer con
cern is to get back the money it put in.
The report that there was a scramble for
the property was made probably for the
very purpose of bringing other prospec
tive purchasers in the field. The brewing
company has made no offer of $150,000.
"My brother has considerable ready
cash which he desires to invest, but he
wants a fair interest for his money. I
have since learned that the rental of the
Cliff House, which was originally $1000 a
month, has been reduced to $700. and even
at the lower figure the rent is not always
forthcoming and is now several months in
arrears. It was my brother's intention to
spend $23,000 additional in improving the
seaside resort. I have advised him that
$75 000 is a fair price for it and this, with
the $25.0W for repairs, will bring it up to
the original figure of $100,000.
"We both consider the investment a
good one, as it is not likely that there
will ever be another cliff house built and
the old place will always enjoy a monop
oly. It was through Mr. Wilkins, a friend
of my brother, that the idea was con
ceived to acquire possesssion.
"It is my brother's option to reduce his
! bid if he s"o desires, and it is highly prob
able that $75,000 is as high as he will go.
i At that figure he can expect a fair return
j on his investment."
ALVA ADAMS ARRIVES.
The Prominent Colorado Politician
and Ex-Governor Here on
a Visit.
Alva Adams. ex-Governor of Colorado
and one of the most prominent Demo
cratic politicians of that State, arrived
in this city yesterday morning from Los
Angeles, where he has been stopping for
the last five weeks.
Mr. Adams has large property interests
throughout the West, and is to-day one
of the most popular men in Colorado. At
the conclusion of his last term of office
he declined the renomination which was
persistently offered him. "I am out of
politics," he said yesterday, "to return
no more. *y business interests demand
my immediate attention, and I have quit
the field of political strife for all time."
Mr. Adams is prominently identified \
with the big mining industry of Colorado.:
He is the principal owner of the eele- j
brated Tom Boy mine, which Is a prop- '
erty yielding a monthly dividend of j
$90,000.
Mr. Adams is accompanied by his wife.
They will leave Tuesday for Denver.
Jake Raver Sued.
Colonel T. P. Robinson has begun suit
against J. J. Raver for a dissolution of
the copartnership existing between them !
in the management of Recreation Park
last year and for an accounting of the !
money received by Raver from the trans
fer of the ball grounds to the present j
owners. Robinson In his complaint al- j
leges that Raver disposed of the park ;
Without his consent and pocketed the
proceeds, $3500; that plaintiff held a half
interest with Raver in the grounds and
Is entitled to half of the proceeds.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE RIO BROTHERS,
Marvelous Ring Acrobats.
JOHN AND HARRY DILLON,
Comedians and Parodists.
GEORGE W. DAT,
Mnnolojfipt.
THE JACKLEY WONDERS,
Lofty Pyramid Artists.
ED M. FAVOR AND EPITH SINCLAIR,
In "The Maeuires."
CLARICE VANCE, AL AND MAMIE ANDER-
SON.
LILLIAN BURKHART AND COMPANY in
"A Passing Fancy."
Reserved Seats, 2r>c: Balcony, We; Opera
Chairs and Box Peats, 50c.
Matlnpes Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreline; Proprietor and Mgr.
EVERY EVENING AT 8:10 O'CLOCK.
SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2 P. M.
The Japanese Musical Play,
THE GEISHA
CAST INCLnPES:
Mif>9 Anna Llchter, Mr. Edwin Stevens,
Miss Annie Myers. j Mr. Charles W. Swain,
Miss Tlllle Salinger, j Mr. William Pruette,
Miss Georfie Cooper, ! Mr. Phil Branson,
Mlbs Ida Wyatt, Mr. William Schuster,
Master Jack Robertson
And First Appearance of the Popular Tenor,
MR. FRANK COFFIN.
Enlarged Chorus. Augmented Orchestra.
Beautiful Scenery. Gorgeous Dresses.
Popular Prices 25c and 50c
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
CHUTESJND ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR 6ANTZ, the Merry Midget, in the Zoo
Don't Get Lost in the LONDON MAZE.
NAME THE GIRL BABY MONKEY AND
WIN A BICYCLE OR SEWING
MACHINE.
See LUNETTE the Hypnotic Marvel.
4 GREAT BILL IN TBITPREE THEATER,
JOE STORMS JR., CONGO and
the REMAINS of SALLY in
THE ZOO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
£Rom 77frs. Sunter
to 7?frs. ZPinkham.
[LETTER TO MRS. PINKHA'M NO. 76,244]
"One year ago last June three doc-
tors gave me up to die, and as I had at
different times used your Vegetable
Compound with good results, I had too
much faith in it to die until I had tried
it again. I was apparently an invalid,
was confined to my bed for ten weeks.
(I believe my trouble was ulceration of
womb). -
"After taking four bottles of th©
Compound and using- some of the Liv»r
Pills and Sanative Wash, at the end of
two. months I had greatly improved
and weighed 155 pounds, when I never
before weighed over 138. Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is the .
best medicine I ever used, and I recom-
mend it to all my friends." — Mrs. Anna.
Eva Gunteb, Kigginsville, Mo.
Mrs. Barnhart Enjoys Life Once More. ]
"Dear Mrs. Pixkham— l had been
Bick ever since my marriage, seven
years ago; have given birth to four
children, and had two miscarriages. I
had falling of womb, leucorrhoea, pains
in back and legs; dyspepsia and a
nervous trembling of the stomach.
Now I have none of these troubles and
can enjoy my life. Your medicine has
worked wonders for me." — Mbs. S.
Babnhabt, New Castle, Pa. :
/^s^>ScS&fesy^KiSS R/i ETW CDC
*?^ "^v* IVI Km ■ Em ■» *£#
fit? ffSsSk^L Specialists for Men
5^ t*"»ive practice in the U. S.
ESTABLISHED IT YEARS. _ ALLi FREE.
Thousand! cured at hornet
All letters confidential. No Charge for Consultation.
731 ISnuiciko }E'«v»torEntranc
M*^ J No KNIPE or PAIN
\\ ifilL^r No Pay unt "
«^/«9 Any lump in a
\ j^^^f^^^f sa^ woman breast is
•■BH| cancer. Faceandlip
KB ■B^^ also common places
12 P W- BOOK SEHT FREE.
\s&Lmo< T^jfrJ thousands I bate Cured
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S. F.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
AMUSEMENTS. — —
COLUMBIA THEATER?
Beg. TO-NIGHT!
A Welcome Season of Comedy.
ROLAND REED,
I Accompanied by IP A PORE RUSH, in Hit
Latest Success,
THE WRONG
MR. WRIGHT.
By GEORGE H. BROADHURST,
Author of "WHY SMITH LEFT HOME."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK
THE
JOHNNY—
In Their Howling Success
A Hot
Old Time!
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE, Sif E o P H E ° K^
this EVENING AT 8.
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY,
In a Grand Spectacular Production of Sousa'a
Glorious Opera,
EL CAPITAN
NOTE — On account of the immense seating
capacity the following 1 prices are now in effect:
Entire Orchestra Floor, reserved 50c
Entire Dress Circle, reserved 25c-
Gallery, not reserved 15c
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO-NIGHT
MONDAY *
First Time at Alcazar Rates,
!sc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
The New York Madison Square Theater Suc-
cess,
CAPTAIN SWIFT
A PLAY WITH A SOUL.
NEW SCENERY AND EFFECTS.
CONCERTS AND BEoOATS.
gf^n^^p^a^houseT
TO-MORROW, TUESDAY. AFTERNOON AT 2:30.
First of the Two Farewell Recitals.
ROSENTHAL,
The Worlds Most Eminent Pianist.
Popular Programmes. Popular Prices. ■
Reserved Seats 50c, Me, $1 an.l $1 60
Last Concert WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON.
Seats Now on Sale at the Opera House.
ODD FELLOWS' MALL.
THURSDAY NIGHT AT 8:15.
Last Recital -- - SAUER
■ Reserved Seats, $1 and $2; First Two Rows,
$3. Seats at Knhler & Chase's. Knabe Piano
Used. '
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
REDUCED prices of ADMISSION, 25 centi ;
children, in cents. MARVELOUS MOVINO
PICTURES; POPE LEO XIII; return of
heroes of the late war, and over forty other
moving views; vocal and instrumental music
Afternoons, 3 o'clock; evenings, 8:15 o'clock.
78
SANTA CRUZ
PLUNKS INTO
FIRST PLACE
Oakland Cripples Again
Defeated.
HO GAME AT GOLDEN GATE
JJEW GROUNDS IN BAD CONDI
TION OWING TO RAIN.
Watsonville Breaks Its Hoodoo and
Shuts Out San Jose in One of
the Best Games of the
Season.
Fred Bwanton took his aggregation of
er to Golilnn Grate yesterday
assist Ewing and ais cripples
w ball BTOunds, but owing
[ness of the weather during the
morning hours the rich black loam
to planting cabbages
in than playing hall on. so after skating
around on the slippery soil to satisfy
themselves of its real condition players
and managers concluded to postpone the
same.
Quite a delegation of cranks from both
sidf»s of the hay were on hand notwith
standing the frequent showers, but they
accepted the decision of "no game" with
out a murmur and all hands came over to
this side, invading Recreation Park In the
afternoon. They were met by 2000 or 3000
more fanatics, who saw the Oaklanders
go dovsn to defeat again in a game that
lacked the snap and dash of the one on
Saturuay. '
Louis lisa was in the box for the crus
taceans, and, while he did not equal Don
lin'-* strike-out record, in other respects
his work was up to that of his associate.
Oakland could not place the ball safe
when hits were needed, and that about
tells the story. In addition, the cripples
put up a ragged fielding game, something
thf-y arc not in the habit of doing, while
the' three errors of Santa Cruz had no
bearing whatever on the result.
Th*re \\>re some slight changes in both
teams. "Monkey" Purge was put in at
center for Panta Cruz. Cameron holding
down the bench. i >onlin farmed out In
right field because of his hitting ability,
and it proved to be a wise move, for three
of the tfn hits made by the team fell to
him. one of them being a double.
For Oakland Donovan rode his Charley
hof-e in center, Ing careful not to
founder it by overwork. Murphy covered
lirst. it being his final appearance on the
diamond, for the present, at least, as he
prefers the certainty of a plebeian com
mercial salary to the uncertain glory and
emoluments of baseball. Hereafter Mos
kimon will fill that position regularly.
Santa Cruz started the tallying in the
spcond. Streib reaching second on ("roll's
muff of his long fly. taking third on a
passed ball and being driven in by Arel
lanos' single. Another came to them in
the third Inning, when with two men out
Devereaux worked a pass and was batted
b round by Pace and Clarke.
Oakland got Its solitary credit mark in
th. fourth. Murphy opened with a double,
was advanced to third on Hilly Ham
mond's single and came in when "Clam
Juice" Lou sent out a long fly to Burge.
In the fifth Santa Cruz clinched the
game with a pair of tallies. "Williams was
safe on L. Hammond's error and was
chased to third by Donlin's double. Then,
after Clarke sent out a fly to Donovan,
both runners scored on Pace's single.
Donlin scored the last run in the ninth,
reaching first on a bunt and completing
the circuit on misplaya by Moskimon and
"W. Hammond. The score:
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. IIH. SB. PO. A. K.
Wliliam?, 2b 5 i 1 0 5 <j 1
Donlin, r. 1 5 2 3 0 2 0 0
Devereaux, :'.li 2 1 0 0 0 3 0
J'ac-f c 5 0 2 0 4 1 0
Clarke, ll> 5 0 1 0 12 3 0
Ftreih, 1. f b 1 0 0 1 0 9
Arellanes, s. f- 4 0 3 0 0 4 2
I'.urpp, C. f 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
I'.alsz. p 4 0 0 0 2 10
Total* ...39 ') 10 0 27 IS 3
OAKLAND.
A ls. R. BH. SB. PC. A. E.
Donovan, c. f........ 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Schmeer. P. s 4 0 1 0. 1 6 0
t» Lnnpe. 3b 3 0 0 0 10 1
Murphy, lh .... 4 1 2 1 19 2 0
W. Hammond, c 4 0 2 0 2 0 2
JI.Tr-ii". r. f 3 0 10 12 1
L. Hammond. 2b.... 3 0 110 5 3
Troll. 1. t 4 0 0 0 2 0 1
Moskimon, p 4 0 0 0 0 4 0
tale 33 1 7 2 27 19 8
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cruz 0 1102000 I—s
Base hi's 01202111 2-10
Oakland 0 00100000—1
Ba*e hits 0 11111-7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hals?. 1, Moskimon 1.
Two-h;;s«> hits — Murphy. Arellanes, Donlin.
First base on errors— Santa Cruz 4. Oakland 3.
F:rst base on called — Santa Cruz 2. Oak
land 3. Left on bases — Santa Cruz 10. Oak
land 5. Struck out— By Balsz 8. Hit by
Devereaux. Double plays— Hardie to
Moskimon to Krhmecr; Arellanos to Williams to
Clarke; Devereaux to Williams to Clarke; Wil
liams to Clarke. Passed ball — Hammond. Time
of frame— - hours. Umpire— Levy. Official
scorer— Stapleton.
San Jose Shut Out.
WATSONVTUjB, April 23.— The hondoo
thnt has been with the Babies every time
they have appeared on the home diamond
s-.i\v its finish to-day and was burled so
<Wp that It Is hoped Its resurrection will
1<• impossible. The only mourners at the
piles were Chief Borchers and his
Land of prune pickers from Ban Joae. As
a result of their hard work for nine in
nings they were presented with a large
egg by the Babies. It was the
clearest cut game of baseball played here,
and the only two errors of the game were
made by the San Joneans. The battery
work of Harper and Morrow was won
derful. Harper pitched one of the gTeat
e«t garnet of hie life and was most ef
fective at critical stages of the some.
Both pitchers received the worst of it
from Umpire O'Connell on balls and
strikes. Below is the score:
WATSONVILLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Franks, 3 b i 0 0 0 2 2 0
McCarthy, I. a ....*.. 4 1 2 0 3 2 0
Courtney, c. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Selna, 1 b 3 10 0 5 0 0
Plake, 2 b 4 0 113 1 0
Morrow, c 4 0 0 0 11 2 0
Hayes. 1. f 2 0 0 110 0
BroekhoiT. r. f 4 12 0 2 0 0
Harper, p 3 0 10 0 2 J)
Totals .•••31 ~3 ~6 ~2 27 9 0
. SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGucken, c. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Kleiber. s. b 4 0 0 0 2 3 0
Anderson. 2 b 10 0 0 0 2 0
Dalrymple. I. f 4 0 10 10 1
Hanlon, 1 b 4 0 0 0 12 0 0
Kacan. 3 b 4 0 10 13 0
Foley r. t.... 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Andrews, p 3 0 2 0 0 2 1
Kent, c J _?_?_? J 1 1
Totals 29 0 4 0 27 10 2
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Watsonville 0 0 10 0 0 110-3
Base hits 0 0 2 1 0 1110-6
Ban .Tope 0 00000000-0
Base hits 0 1 1 0 0 1 1 0 0—
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Andrews, 2. Two-base
hit— l'lake. Double plays— Morrow to McCar
thy; Kleiber to Hanlon to Kent. Bases on
ball's— San Jose, 4; Watsonvtlle. S. Hit by
pitcher— Anderson. Sacrifice hit — Harper.
Struck out— By Harper. 8; by Andrews, •'.
Passed ball— Kent. Left en bases— Watsonville,
6; San Jose. 7. Time of same— l:4s. Umpire
O'Connell. Scorer— Peckham.
Easy for San Francisco.
SACRAMENTO. April 23.— The Sncrn
mento nine proved an easy mark for the
San Frandscos. the latter winning hands
down. The locals played ragged ball from
t-tart to finish, while the visitors played
ball from the tap of the bell. Fitzpatrick
proved a puzzle to Sacramento, only four
hits, all of the scratch variety, being
made off his delivery. The San Francisco ;
men touched Beckwith up for eleven hits. '
Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. H. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Peeples, 3 b 4 10 0 0 2 0 ;
Stulz. 2 b 3 0 1 0 5 4 0 .
Stanley, c 4 0 0 0 3 4 lj
Doyle c. t 4 0 0 0 3 1-0
Shanahan. lb 10 0 0 8 0 0;
Walker. If 4 0 2 1112 •
Sheehan, p. s 3 0 10 2 6 2
Rice r. f 3 0 0 0 10 0 j
Beckwlth, p 4 0 0 0 110
Totals 30 "14 1 24 19 b|
.•■■: ■',-. ■ » .
SAN FRANCISCO:
AB. R. 8H..58. PO. A. E.
Pyne of 4 2 10 10 0,
Reilly, .3 b 5 110 12 0
KriiK. B. a 5 2 4 0 4 5 2 1
Sullivan. 1 b 3 1 0 0 14 2 1
Hiklerbrandt, r. f... 4 0 10 2 0 0
Mull. r. If 3 12 0 10 0 :
O'Neil, 2 b 1 0 0 0 0 11
Swindells, c 4 12 0 3. 0
Fitzpatrlck. p 4 10 0 14 0
Totals 33 9 11 0 27 16 4
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 100000 o—l
Base hits ...0 10100110—4
San Francisco 4 0040001'— 9
Base hits 4 0 13 0 10 2 *— 11
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Beckwith, 7. Two-base
hits— Krug, 3; Swindells. Sacrifice -Stan
ley, Beckwith. First base on errors—Sacra
mento, 3: San Francisco, 3. Firnt base on balls
—Beckwith, 7; Fitzpatrlck, 7. Left on bases
, Sacramento, 9; San Francisco, 7. Struck out—
ny Beckwith. 2; by Fitzpatrick, 2. Double
i plays— Sheehan to Stulz to Shanahan; Sullivan
to Krug to Sullivan. "Wild pitch— Beckwith.
Time of game— l : : ,0. Umpire— Cahill.
Scorer— a. Griffin.
RUNNING EVENTS AT OAKLAND.
Candelaria Handicap to Be Decided
To-Day — Five Other Events on
the Card.
The feature of the card at Onkland track to
day will be the Candelaria handicap for two
year-olds.
The entries are as follow*:
First Race — Futurity course; Felling; four
year-olds an<! upward.
1017 Amasa 101] 1010 Jim Brownell. ..104
»i Judge Stouffer.lOb] 1017 Horatio no
998 Sleepy Jane 102 1 1014 Recreation 103
730 WhUcomb 104 1017 Sly 103
i-M I Don't Kn0w. .104 1008 Harry Thonurnim
■•7! Novia so
Mil Jerildorio 102, WIS Pongo 104
Second Raco Ortf- and an eighth miles; four
ye&r-old* and upward: purse.
(1013)Roeinante 10:. !riOOl»Mary Black jni
MB Imp. Mistral U.llo!a014)Glen Anne 101
Third Race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
Candelaria Handicap; HGOO.
M 3 Lr.rPlio BS WB Sir Hampton... 9c
CS2).Sardine 130 1016 L. B.McwhlrterlOS
... Joshua 113 963 Racetto 8f
Cyclone-Nyanza. Wloo7)Golden Rule 12]
952 BfttiKM HOI
Fourth Race— One mile; purse; three-year
olds and upward.
1018 Einstein 1051 :m Patsuma 113
l''»2l Hogormonde ...103 1014 Lost Girl 103
560 Ba n Venado 103 '
Fifth Rare -One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing: four-year-olds and upward.
M 7 Lady Hurst 105 toll Hueno 107
1013 Major Hooker. .lo3 89S Magnus lOg
978 Reolla 101 (535) El Wad ;os
9KB Tom Calvcrt 106' B7] Widow .Tone?.. 106
9SR Earl Cochran. . .107| <997) Plan 109
(BS4)Bernardlllo ....107 929 Cahrillo 11l
973 Three Forks.... 107 1 1014 Kosemaid 101
Sixth Race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward: selling.
1011 Hohenzollern ..112! 1013 Morlnga 10«
1014 Dolore 107! 101<> Jennio Reid.... 93
(870)Imperlous 106! (1008) February 107
<1017)Prompto 109 ( IW3 I/i S Medanoa. . .104
:.'2 Wyoming Ill ! lf>l7 Robert Bonner.lo9
963 Torsida 108' 1020 Cromwell 112
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Whitcomb, Recreation, Harry
Thoburn.
Second Race— Roslnante, Mary Black, Olen
Anne.
Third Race — Corrifran stable.
Fourth Race — Satsuma, San Venado, Roeor
monde.
Fifth Rac«— Bernardino, Cabrlllo, Widow
Jone».
Blxth Raoi Wyoming, Los Med&aoa, Torildjt,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1899.
FORGET TAKES
FIRST MONEY
AT NEWARK
Pretty Girl Causes a
Big Surprise.
SHE WAS THE RUNNER-UP
PUPPY BEATS OLDER DOGS IN
HANDSOME STYLE.
Good Sport at the Picnic Given by the
Ingleside Coursing Association.
The Old Grounds to Be
Reopened.
Pretty Girl, a puppy owned by J. H.
Pf^ripo, caused a general upset at Newark
yesterday. She was entered in the open
stake given by the Ingleside Coursing As
sociation in connection with its picnic on
the old coursing grounds in Alameda
County, and although beaten in the llnal
by the crack Forget, she proved that she
ip a comer and with a little more experi
ence not to be despised in any company.
A special tr.-iin carrying 150 dog-loving
picnickers and a band left Alameda mole
at 9:40 o'clock and arrived at Newark at
10:30.
Rain fell at intervals until 2 p. m., but
nothing could quench the enthusiasm of
the party, and the character of the sport
was such that few complained of the ab
sence of a sheltering grand stand at the
coursing grounds. Men and women
watched the dogs run, unmindful of
either wind or rain. After lunch the
showers became less frequent and soon ;
igether.
Th< work of the does was generally]
bui the short-enders pot the tlae iii
numerous Pretty c.yt\ par
ticularly was played on the short end i
from the start. While her showing was
remarkable In consideration of the fact
thai she has run but few races In her
period "ii earth, it must be noted
that she was also lucky. In the first run
< ! '"^" after a no go with Lady Gilmore a
.. to _ favorite, the latter was withdrawn
owing to losing a tenth, the course being
then given to Pretty Girl. In the uecon!
round she caused the- biggest surprise of
the day by Beating Mac's Melody at l to
CALIFORNIA AS SAIL
IN ROUGH WEATHER
Yesterday's Stopm JWapped the Pro
posed Cruise of tlje Combined
Fleets.
THK stormy weather of yesterday
marred the proposed cruise of the
California and Corinthian fleets In
company along the city front. The
Callfernlas kept their part of the en
gagement, but the Corinthian yachts
did not reach the trysting-place. At
about 10:45 a. m. tho California*!, de
pplte the nasty, equally weather, nailed
down Oakland Creek under a beam
•vrind and made Prealdlo nhoal buoy—
the appointed mprting-plare— about
noon. Tho fleet, which was under the
command of Commodore Allen M,
Clay in his sloop Poctolus, oomprlaed
the following yacht*: H. S. Pratt's
6, and she won on her merits, too. In
the third round she beat Expense, and
in the fourth vanquished Nelly B by a
narrow margin. But Forget was too fleet
for the game lltte bitch, and she was
obliged to content herself with second
money. Forget, the winner of the stake,
was In fine form and ran consistently.
He beat Hadiwist in the opening round
at 1 to 2, and in the second got a bye
through the withdrawal of Mystic, beat
Benicia Boy In the third and Conley In
the fourth. Winning Style was with
drawn alter the second round, her owners
rearing she might injure her feet on the
hard ground. "Long Shot" Conley and
iselly B also ran in good form, the former
finally succumbing to Forget and the
latter to Pretty Girl in the fourth round.
Altogether the sport 'waa first class.
Coursing will be resumed at the Ingle
side grounds within two weeks, according
to the officers of tne association. In fact,
iney expect to complete arrangements for
opening the park to dogs next Saturday.
l'ollowing are the results of run downs
in yesterday's contest:
First run down-J. Shea's Tiger Lily beat E.
H. Mulcastera Lass o 1 Gowrie; H M N.
Spring's Worship beat W. Finglers Van Imp;
s. Hansen's L. S. Conley beat Hurley & Rellly's
Richmond Queen; T. Butlers St. Elmo beat J.
P. O'Donnell's Las Talmas; P. J. Rellly's
Henlria Boy beat J. Dean's Brilliantine; T. Me
Hugh's Moss Rose beat S. Hansen's Our Cli
mate; X. a. IVckelman's Prinze George beat
W. Hatpin's La.ly Herschel; J. P Thrifts For
get i^at a. Massey*a Hadiwist; Bartels Bros.'
Ma a Melody beat T. Cronin's Maid ef Bail;
J. H. Perlgo'a Pretty <;ir! beat F. M. Kellogg* a
Lady Gilmore; \v. >•:. Thompson's High Born
Lady beat Russell & Wilson's Lady Emma;
Hurley & Reilly's Expense beat J. P. Thrift's
Forgive; Bartels Bros.' Winning Style boat J.
Kepnan's Rnyal Buck; P. Shannon's Soubrette
beat Captain Clnrkson's Conqueror; James
Byrne's Nelly X beal Larkey & Hock's Myrtle;
Captain (^larkaon's Mystic beat Curtis & Son's
Commodore.
Second round— Tlper Lily bpat Warship; L S.
Conley beat St. Elmo; Benici;i Hoy heat Moss
Rose; Forget beat Prince George; Pretty Girl
beat Mac's Melody; Expense beat High Born
Lady; Winning Style beat Soubrette; Nelly B
ran a bye; Mystic withdrawn.
Third round— L. S. Conley beat Tiger Lily;
Forget beat Benicia Boy; Pretty Girl beat Ex
pense; Nelly B ran a bye; Winning Style with
drawn.
Fourth round— Forget beat L. B. Conley;
Pretty Oirl beat Nelly B.
Final— Forgive beat Pretty Girl.
LAWRENCE WON AT UNION
Motto and Mercy May Again
Met and the Former Dog
Secured the Flag.
The great feature of yesterday's cours
ing at Union Park was the meeting of
Motto and Mercy May in the third round
of the open stake, which resulted In a
victory for the former dog.
The open stake was won by Lawrence,
and the runner-up was Moondyne. The
entries were not up to the usual stand
ard, in fact it was a day off for the high
class dogs. Silver Lyon was the surprise
of the day as regards Improvement. He
put out Battleship in short order in the
second round,, and when slipped to a
Btraight-away hare in the next round
with False Flatterer led up to a good
distance and for a few turns made the
"pikers' " hearts beat high with expec
tations of cashing a good long shot.
Young America ran well up into the stake
and secured third money. He was up
against hard game all day, defeating
False Flatterer, Blackette, Glen Roy and
Eleven Spot. Miss Rabbit won another
course in the stake on the short end, de
feating Magic at the good odds of 4 to 1.
The hare took all the run out of both
dogs, but when the flag was up Miss
Rabbit's followers had all the money.
The sapling stake was a great chance
for the youngsters to make a good show
ing, as the hares were not too strong, and
well did they make their initial run.
Pat organ carried off the honors in the
class, but he was well seconded by his
kennel companion, Manila. The first
and second money went to the owner of
both these dogs. The results of the day
were as follows:
Open stake, second round— Metallic beat
Morning Glory: Victor Queen beat Connemara;
Mercy May beat Sylvanus; Motto beat Golden
Russet; St. Michael beat Lady Marlon; Inter
esting heat Lady Claire (late Black Diamond);
Moondyne beat Kid McCoy; Rust an beat Ter
rona; False Flatterer beat Petronlus; Silver
Lyon beat Battleship; Miss Rabbit beat Magic;
Minerva beat Prince Jerome; Glen Roy beat
Little Van; Young America beat Eleven Spot;
Blarkette beat Maid Of the Hill; Winning
Ways beat Sportsman; Prince Hal beat Mlra
Monte; Mayflower beat Mystic Maid; Rusty
Gold beat Blackloek; Lawrence beat Black
Bess; Jennie Wilson beat Shylock Boyr Rol
li-^lng Airs beat Beauty Spot; Luxor beat Lot
tie M ; Snapshot beat white Chief.
Third round— Victor Queen beat Metallic;
Motto beat Mercy May; St. Michael beat In
teresting; Moondyne beat Rustan; False Flat
■ terer beat Silver Lyon; Minerva beat Miss Rab
bit; Young America beat Glen Roy; Blackette
beat Winning Ways; Mayflower heat Prince
Hal: Lawrence beat Rusty Gold; Jennie Wilson
beat Rollicking Airs; Luxor beat Snapshot.
Fourth round— Victor Queen beat Motto;
Moondyne beat St. Michael; False Flatterer
beat Minerva; Young America beat Blackette;
Lawrence beat Mayflower; Luxor beat Jennie
Wilson.
Fifth round— Moondyne beat Victor Queen;
i Young America beat False THatterer; Law
rence beat Luxor.
Sixth round— Moondyne beat Young Amer
ica; Lawrence ran a bye.
Final Lawrence beat Moondyne.
Sapling stake, third round— Pat Horgan heat
Carmencita; Fin McCool beat Lucretia Borgia-
Manila beat Mollle Pitcher.
Fourth round— Pat Horgan beat Fin McCool;
Manila ran a bye.
The first and second money was divided be
tween Pat Horgan and Manila.
. ♦
Coursing at Stockton.
| STOCKTON, April Arno won the
yawl Idler, J. J. Sherry's yawl Gyp
eie, and the yawl Vega (formerly Ve
rona); L. S. Sherman's sloop Royal,
R. L. Eames' sloop Surf, E. N. Wai
tor's sloop Embla, G. turn Suden's
Bloop Regina, the sloops Surprise and
Secret, and the launches El Oasador
and Augusta.
Tho Corlnthlana made preparations
to Hall out of Tlhuron, but the dirty
weather deterred nil but three— W. 11.
Tofpko'H sloop Harpoon, W. P. Hum
phreya Jr.'s sloop Pride, and the sloop
Kmliln. Few of th« boats carried full
Hall In the strong, puffy, southwesterly
•wind. Finding themselves alone at the
Stockton Coursing , Club stake to-day,
and Scout won similar honors on the
final of the San Joaquin Club. Both
stakes were run at Goodwater Grove.
There is talk of. the clubs consolidating.
Stockton Club, twenty-dog stake— Beauty beat
Riot Act; Bendalong beat Little Hope; Miss
Skyball beat Peter M; Bay State beat Roger
H; Blue Boy beat Domino; Arno beat Persim
mon; Shylock beat Reno; Rich and Artless beat
Pilot Prince; Pocahontas beat Lady Zelda;
Hazel Glen beat Traversia.
First Beauty ran a bye; Miss Skyball
beat Bendalong: Bay State beat Blue Boy:
Arno beat Shylock; Pocahontas beat Pilot
Prince; Hazel Glen ran a bye.
Second ties ßeauty beat Miss Skyball; Poca
hontas beat Bay State; Arno beat Hazel Glen.
Third ties — Beauty beat Pocahontas; Arno
ran a bye.
Final— beat Beauty.
Arno first money. Beauty second money,
Pocahontas third money.
San Joaquin Club, twenty-eight-dog stake—
Olympia beat Dfggs; Better Than Gold beat
Reno: Magnesia beat Montana; Alma beat Nick
L; Mission Tip beat Said Pasha; Clifton Lass
beat California: Scout beat Salvator: Woodbine
beat Sprint: Robin Adair beat Red Cloud:
Prince of Fashion beat Tip: Iron Duke beat
Fireman; White Tip beat Wild Zip; Bendalong
beat Ruby: Maiden beat Bellicose
First Olympia beat Better Than Gold;
Magnesia beat Alma: Mission Tip beat Wood
bine; Clifton Lass beat Robin Adair; Scout
beat Prince of Fashion: Andrew beat White
Tip: Bendalong beat Maiden-.
Second ties— Mission Tip beat Olympia; Mag
nesia beat Clifton Lass; Scout beat Iron Duke;
Bendalong ran a bye.
Third ties— Magnesia beat Mission Tip; Scout
beat Bendalong.
Final— Scout beat Magnesia.
Scout first money. Magnesia second money.
Bendalong third money, Mission Tip fourth
money. ■
Los Angeles Coursing.
LOS ANGELES, April 23.— 1t was a
forty-dog opm stake a 1 Agricultural Park
to-day, which was won by Portia first,
Occidental second, Mountain Belle third,
Pat Malloy fourth, the rest divided. There
were a number of new dogs among the
entries, notably Kerrigan's pair. Lalla
Rookh and St. Gertrude, who made a
fair showing, but were not in condition,
and went down on the first ties. Little
Fairy, a recent arrival from the East,
was also entered and gave promise of be
ing a crackajack when she is in form.
Owing to the chilly, windy weather the
attendance was not so large as usual in
the grand stand, though the betting
crowd was out in force, as usual. There
will be two days' coursing next week.
Sunday and Monday, a forty-dog open
Stake and a thirty-two Bapllng, both of
which are already practically filled.
Jesse Moore and Magnetto Win.
SAN JOSE, April 23.— 1n the coursing
to-day Jesse Moore, owned by \V.
Cramer, and Magnetto, owned by M.
London, divided the honors and the purse.
The attendance was large, many San
Francisco people beinp present.
SHOT AT STONE PIGEONS.
Olympic Gun Club Has a Good Day
Despite the Wind.
Not as many stars and ciphers went on
to the Olympic Gun Club's score cards
yesterday as was to bo expected with the
high wind blowing and the numbing cold
that prevailed at the Ingleslde range.
The three shoots of the day went off
handily and a number of fair scores were
piled up. There were also a number of
the other sort as the following sheets will
show. The shooting was done at blue
rocks. In the regular monthly medal
shoot at twenty-five birds the scores were
as follows: ■:-•"'
Slade. 19; Webb, 24: Owens, 22: Golcher, IS;
Feudner. 21; Miller, 19: Stone. 12; Foster, 12;
Hobble 20: Vernon. 12; Wicker, 10; Dr. Derby,
11; MeArthur. 14; Hirchner, 7; Hynes, 14;
Harpham, 10; Rose, 11.
The second event was a 20-bird handi
cap for three club badges. They were
won by Webb, Owens and Feudner with
scores of IS, IS and 17 respectively. The
sheet was as follows:
Wiseman, 13: Hynes. 11; Webb. IS; Owens,
IS; Golcher, 15; Feudne.r, IT; Vernon, 10; Rose,
15; Dr. Derby, 15: Stone, 14; Foster, 17; Slade,
15; Mi Arthur, 15; Miller, 16.
The last shoot was in the Butte handi
cap at 25 birds. The shooters were divid
ed into three classes, A, B and C. Class
A shot at 25 birds straight, class }: at 25
birds plus half the number missed, class
C at 25 birds plus the total misses. The
scores were as follows:
Blade, 20 out of 2S; MeArthur, 24 out of 27;
Webb, 22 out of 25; Owens, 23 out of 27; Gol
cher, 20 out of 25; Feudner, 18 out of 2",; Derby.
20 out of 36; Hobble, 20 out of 2.".; Foster, 15
out of 45: Rose, 22 out of 32; Hlrschfeld, IS out
of 88; Miller, 16 out of 80; Hynes, 17 out of 31;
Vernon, 14 out of 31. »
JOURNEYMEN BUTCHERS.
They Held Their Annual Outing Yes
terday at San Jose and Voted
it a Jolly Time.
The Journeymen Butchers of this? city
held their annual picnic yesterday at the
Agricultural Park in Ran Jose. The fx
cursion was a great success, over 3000
friends nf the butchers making the trip
to the Garden City. The star attrac
tion of the day's amusement was the ball
given in the afternoon in a new pavilion
specially erected for the occasion. The
committee In charfe of the affair, and to
whoso untiring efforts may ttafely be
credited the success of the outing, were:
Ben Davis (chairman i, George A. Schadi
Charles Rusinger, R. C. Kelly and J.
Lyons.
rendezvous, the Callfornias shaped
their course toward Sausalito, thence
through Raccoon Straits, and under
the lee of Angel Island, where some of
the crews landed and lunched. Before
6 p. m. all the yachts had made their
moorings in the creek after a hard sail
In a choppy sea.
Yesterday's storm deprived ■sleht
seers on North Beach of a pretty KDec
tacle, for the combined fleet under the
Command of Commodore Westerfeld
would have numbered not less than
thirty ami in ordinary weather would
have been able to carry all their work-
B. A. Wlltsee's schooner Afr K if» wa s
out crulßlng during the afternoon.
MARKSMEN TRY
THEIR SKILL AT
THE TARGETS
Large Attendance at
Shell Mound.
SCORES OF CRACK SHOTS
f
FIVE SHOOTING CLUBS ARE REP
RESENTED.
F. 0. Young Wins a Special Prize
With the Revolver— J. C. Waller
,'v.v Makes a Remarkably
Fine Bullseye.
Shell Mound rang-es drew the largest
attendance of this season yesterday and i
the ambitious marksmen were untiring in j
their efforts to surpass previous scores.
Five shooting organizations were on hand
during the day and exceptionally good
scores resulted. The conditions were not
favorable on account of the uncertainty j
of the elements. . The clubs represented j
were the German Schuetzen Club, Nord
deutscher Schuetzen Club, San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein, Red Men's Schuetzen
Verein, and Columbia Pistol and Rifle
Club. ■:"
The following are the results of the va
rious events:
Red Men's Schuetzen Company, monthly
medal shoot: Champion class — William Kreutz
•kamm, 399; first class— William Dressier, 366;
second class— P. H. Rulffs, 326; third class-
Captain H. Grieb, 309; fourth class— E. Zempel,
274; Bret best William Dressier. 24; last
best shot— Captain H. Grieb, 22.
Monthly medal shoot of the Norddeutscher
Schuetzen Club: Champion class — F. P. Schus
ter, 429; first class Gefken, 402; second class
- .1. Lenkenau. 371; third class— O. Schinkel Jr..
324; fourth class— Woebcke, 359; best first
shot— H. Burfeitid, 24; best last shut— H. Bur
felnd, 24.
In a private match for $20 a side W. F.
('.arms and W. Glindemann won by 28
points against David Saltield and Henry
Burfeind.
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club, 60 yards, Co
lumbia target: Siebe pistol medal— C. M. Daiss,
42. 48, 44; F. O. Young,. 47, 49, 48, 53; A. 11.
Pape, 80.
Lewis revolver trophy — O. Young, 49, 56,
69; .1. B. Gorman, 19, 57.
Daiss all comers' and Jacobson members'
medal, 22 and 25 rifle— E. Jacobson, is, 23, 23,
2. George Mannel, 23, 30, 30.
In the special revolver prize for the
highest ten-shot score during April, F. O.
Young won with a score of 4ti.
All comers' rifle medal— D. W. McLaughlin,
40, 58; F. E. Mason, 58, 62; F. O. Young, 60, 61;
}{. .Stettin, 91. 98.
Members' rifle medal— G. Mannel. 93, 95.
German Schuetzen Club in monthly bulls
eye shoot— Dr. L. O. Rodgers. 226; D. B. Faktor,
291; R. Stettin, 306; F. Rust, 391; A. Jungblut,
496; H. Hellberg, 598; H. Lilkendey, 681; George
11. Bahrs, 682; F. P. Schuster, 706; J.D. Helse,
776; Charles Thierbach, 782; J. T. Bridges, 1076.
Bushnell medal— F. P. Schuster, 216; Dr. L.
O. Rodgers, 215; D. B. Faktor, 211; E. 11.
Goetze, 209.
Competition for cash prizes— Dr. L. O.
Rodgers, 73; J. I'tschig. 72; D. It. Faktor, 70.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein monthly
bullfieye shoot- J. C. Waller, 84; Lieutenant E. [
[psen, 354; Charles Thterbach, 394; William
Ehrenpfort, 136; John Gefken, 196; Frank Koch,
609; D. B. Faktor. 513; John Utschig, 537; F.
Rust, 563; A. Lamaire, 698; J. I>. Seise 602;
D. Dunker, 637; Captain J. Thode. 651: August
Pape. 664; Otto Lemcke, 663; 11. Burfeind. 728;
Louis Bandel, 785; George H. Bahrs, 881; K.
Stettin, 955; H. Stelling, 1058.
STORM SAVED BLUEROCKS.
Poor Attendance and Sniall Scores at
Union Gun Club Shoot.
ALAMEDA, April 23.— The Union Gun
Club held its regular monthly shoot to
day at the grounds of the Lincoln Gun
Club, Alameda Point. The wind and rain
had a depressing effect on the sportsmen
and the attendance was not large. The
gale that blew across the marshes sent
the clay pigeons skimming at uncertain
angles and resulted in the scores falling
far below the average. The scores in the
first event, the handicap shoot for the
club medal, were as follows:
Peterson 22, Fisher 21, Debenham 14,
Hoyt 18, M. McDonnell 13, Spiro 14, Schroe
der 12, ltgen 10, Bellhofl ). Michelsen 15,
Trask 10, Heine 13, Bickerstaft 18, Thomas
9, Gibson 11. Lewis G, J. McDonnell 0.
Mitchell 15, I »n 8
The final even! was a Hub race at 25
birds. The result follows:
Biok< i-staff it. Fisher 19, Hoyt 17. Mitch
!, Bonner 10, Schulze 8, Hellhoff 12.
11. Michelsi n 13, Thomas 6, Thebault
g Gibson ■<- Lanzer 2, SchendeJ 6, Jevette
Jr 13, Pis ml 13, Debenham 18, Spiro 6,
OhrtlaiTl 14, Wnllam 17. Hess 14. Lewis 10,
j. Mi l»'" nell 13, M. McDonnell IH, Gaster
9, R :i 17. Peterson 14, Cook n. Trask
12 .1 nso 1 tl, Preece 6, Heine 12, Fingler
5, ?c n der 16.
i ■ money went to Fisher, second to
Debi nham, third to Jevette Jr.. and Bick
erstaff, ltgen and Johnson divided fourth.
Yesterday's Handball Games.
There was no abatement in the games
as played yesterday at Phil Ryan's hand
ball court at 858 1 inward street. The hoys
were in good condition, and the weather
was just bracing enough to make it
pleasant for active leg movements. The
results scored are as follows:
G McDonald and M. McNeil defeated P.
Stri'ner and M. Mcl>onald. Score: 21-l!\ 11-21,
21-!<.
\V Hassell and B. Clements defeated W.
I^.M and r». smith. Score: a-8, 12-21. 21-14.
M Maguire and E. Antron defoated R. cie
ments and W. Hassell. *<<>r»: 21-13, n-2i. 21-iri.
,1 R, Bockman and M. Basch defeated E. Mc-
Donough and E. Lynch. Score: i J l-i"), 14-21,
P. Ryan and R. Housman defeated E. Barry
and M Basch. Score: 21-ifi. 10-21, 21-13.
.1 White and T. Foley defeated B. Curley
jin.l M. Maguire. Score: 21-19, 16-21, L'l-H.
.1 Frainey, the welter-weight pugilist of Cin
cinnati. 0., and E. Toy defeated .1. Riordan
and .!. Harlow. Score: 21-15, 18-21, 21-20.
,1. C. Nealon and A. Hampton defeated R.
L4nehao and M. J. Kilgallon. Score: 21-12,
18-21, 21-14.
In a change of partners A. Hampton and R.
I>inehan defeated J. C. Nealon and M. J Kil
gallon. Score: 21-13, 19-21, 21-16.
Who Owns the Pig Iron?
Two tons of pig iron wire sold to a junk
dealer on Third street Saturday by two
men who delivered it in a wagon. Detect
ivea Ryan and ODea discovered the pig
iron in the junk shop, and if the owner
can be found they may be able to trace
the thievea
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs .1 H Baker, N V C Versalins, L Ang
F M Joeselyn, Boston IE II Harrington, Cal
W II Lumsden, Cal E Washburn, Cal
F Cunningham, Cal I' Edwards. Cal
H.l Seers, Stanford B Brooke & "■'• Cal
H C Brook, Stanford W J Loring Aw, Cal
A L Baker, Tacoma C W Bates. Tacoma
H Todd, Oakland W W Douglas. Bacto
H Frank, Stanford G W Merrill. Pomona
J Berryraan. Cal C E Bailard & w, (.al
W W Bedford. Cal F O Arms. Colusa
\\" B Stamford, Cal D Levy. Williams
5 Connell, Portland T A Bell A w. Napa ,
M Brady. Fresno L II Cook. Blufftoa
W E Clark. NY H J Lee, Phoenix
G A Miller & w, fa! •
PALACE HOTEL.
A J Pommer. Sacto .Mrs Wentworth. La
W J E P G°Hmn'Re a no 0 M H Kershaw. Ta
j p <st*>ln V V >M H Kersnaw, ia
8 HoTzi an N V H J HeiFkamp Jr. la
M jSiNT B M Rosa, L Ang
Tll TH S^-ery, 1 Cal MO E M Ram - L An?
Mi^THalvery Cal H G Bondmire. L Ang
Mm H S Taylor. Cal ' A CB™d f L Anf *
J B Gilmer, US N ', W Lon^ L £££
iUS^Ae SuSford d Mrs Pendell L L A L
n \v w*>nn*»tt Stanford 3 binsaDaugn, L Ang
O C Bennett, Stanford £ P Jeffrie* L L A^
C M "vv'rv "chlcwo R Wankow.ki, L Ang
?r M i A nin; fl ner Or H L Boyd. Boston
« r9 v nSilr G F Marshall, Boston
M r rS t ?u nn^ m ° r Or Mr. Marshall. Boston
\V. J Cunningham, w c M Sever _ Masg
A A . am .i™ Colo J W Sever. Mass
S'W^ C P Moorman, Ky
fe S « ,r nzton N V I 1" M Vicuna &f, Wasn
g F "^S HI > O'Brien. Chicago
m" S MV^att. 11l R H Flint. Angels
-T W E Gerber. Sacto
H C Went worth, La
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Mallory, L Ang |D Craig. S Jose
S J Brandon. Fresno E Fish &w. S Diego
3 Wilson, S Rosa iB F Fish, S Diego
H C Grece. N V J D Brown, Ariz
H C Whitney. Mich ;F Smith. N V
A W Smith, Mass P L Andrews, Ukiab.
Mrs M Hansen. Sacto R Rooney. 3 j O se
SClarkson. Salinas C F Watson, Colfax \
W Lassanick, Wash M D Jenkins, L Gatos •
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 23, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka " 0.04 31.59 31. 1S
Red Bluff-:::.:.. Trace 19.23 12.71
Sacramento 0.00 13.91. 8.87
San Francisco 0.03 lo.« .....
Fresno 0.00 6.62 4.16
San Luis Obispo 0.00 14.82 6.06
Los Angeles 0.00 4.,0 5.28
San Diego 0.00 4.54 4.1;
Yuma 0.00 1-34 1.63
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
51; minimum, 42; mean, 47.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The weather is generally cloudy and threat
ening over the Pacific slope. Light rain el
at San Francisco, .Red Bluff. Eureka. Point
Reyes and Mount Tamalpais in California, and
at Roseburg and Fort Canby.
The pressure has. fallen over the northern
portion of the Pacific slope and risen over
the southern. An area of low pressure is
central in Utah and Southeastern Nevada,
■while the highest pressure is in the uritisn
Possessions north of Montana.
The temperature fell over California, Nevada,
Arizona and Southern Utah; elsewhere It r.as
risen. ,
Conditions are favorable for showery weather
north of the Tehachapl Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 24, 1599:
Northern California— Showers on Monday;
warmer; fresh southerly wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy, probably
with scattered showers, Monday; fresh south
west wind. • j x
Nevada— Cloudy, with showers, Monday- *J A
Utah— Showers, cooler Monday. ' " 'X/
Arizona— Fair Monday. , .
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, wltn
showers, Monday; fresh southwest wind;
warmer. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographio
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality ana
free of expense.
Navigators are cordialiy invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
imparison and reference, and the latest
information can always t» obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
bailding at the fool of Market street is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
celved oa< h day from the I'nited States Naval
Observatory, \far" Island. Cal.
A ■ otlce stating wh<uhor the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers the following day
C, G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant, V. S. N., in charge.
BUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United Ptateß Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Hieh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
XOTK— The high and I<'W waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes latr-r than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, AI'RII. 24.
Sun rises ? : ?1
Sun sets 6:a41
Moon eta 4:12 a. m.^
O ITime Time ITime! ITimel
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
!? L \V H W L W jH W^
24 .. 4:21 0.2 11:05 4.6 4:06 2.11 10:24 5.S
25... 6:01— 0.3 11:51 4.« 4:42 2. 3 10:55 5.9
26... 6:45—0.6112:41 4.6 5:21 2. 6| 11:31 6.0
21 ... 6:30—0.8 1:36 4.6 6:08 2.9
H \V L ■• H W (L, W
28 0:11 6.1 7:20—0.9 2:31 4.6 6:59 3.0
29 ... 0:56 6.0 8:13,-0.8 3:34 4.7 7:59 3.1
30 ... l:5l| S.Ti 9O0 (Ml 4:34 4.8 9:14 3.2
NOTE— the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
Coquille River.. [Grays Harbor Apl. 24
North Fork Humboldt Apl. 24
Wyefleld Nanaimo Apl. 24
Bonlta INewport Apl. i*
Crescent City... Crescent City Apl. 24
Empire Coos Hay (Apl. 24
Willamette ....Seattle Apl. 24
Luella Tillamook Apl. 24
B. Hernster .Coquille River Apl. 24
Fulton Portland Apl. 24
Weeott' [Yaquina Bay Apl. 25
Alliance [Portland |Apl. 2"» _X
State of Ca1.... (Portland lApl. 2. yT
Australia [Honolulu Apl. 21^
Washtenaw JTacoma Apl. 25
Santa Rosa [San Diego 'Apl. 26
Samoa IHumboldt |Apl. 26
Umatilla [Victoria & Puget Sound 27
Wellington (Departure Bay Apl. 27
Curacao [Mexico Apl. 27
Pomona Humboldt Apl. 27
Point Arena Point Arena -.lApl. 27
Coos Bay Newport .- Apl. 28
America Maru. .[China and Japan Apl. 2?,
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay Apl. 28
Columbia IPortland Apl. 30
Corona San Diego [Apl. 30
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. J Sails. I Pier.
Corona San Diego JApl. 24, 11 am|Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt.-.. Apl. 24, 2 pm'Pler 9
Bonita Newport Apl. 26, 9am Pier 11
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. Apl. 26. 10 am Pier »
Aloha Point Arena.. Apl. 26, 3 pmiPier 3
Alliance ... Oregon Ports. Apl. 27. 10 am Pier 20
State Cal... Portland Apl. 2S. 10 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa ' San Diego Apl. 28. 11 am Pier 11
Peru 'Panama Apl. 28, 12 m PMSS
Coptic (China & Japan I Apl. 28, Ipm PMSS
Pt. Arena.. [Point Arena.. Apl. 29, 3 pm Pier 2
Coos Ray... Newport [Apl. 30, 9 am Pier 11
Umatilla Vie & Pet Sd. May 1. 10 am Pier 9
Steamer.
Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. April 23.
Stmr Cofjulile River, Thompson, 73 hours from
Grays Harbor. . , r
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 26 hours from Moss
Landing- and way ports. ; v ; __;:;. '-'' .
stmr Willamette, Hunts, 75 hours from
Se &t t North Fork, Bash, 22 hours from Eu-
stmr Wyefield, Cartmer, 96 hours from
N Bktn Archer, Calhoun. 23 days fro.n Hllo.
Schr Nettle Low, Dow, 5 hours from Point
Pehr Excelsior, Burmeister, 11 days from Port
Blakeley. SAILED.
Sunday. April 23. -»'
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, Mary Island via
New Whatcom.
* Stmr Columbia, Green, Astoria.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Hall, Coos Bay.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Schr Maxim. Olsen, Caspar.
s.hr Monterey, Beck Bowens. landing,
Srhr 3 H Bruce. Peterson. Nlcolaefski.
<=chr Emma Claudlna. Nielsen, Eureka.
RETURNED.
Sunday. April 23.
Stmr National City, hence April 22 for Unga,
returned April 23, and reports that on April 22,
7 miles NW of Point Reyes, encountered a
heavy NW Bale, shipped heavy sea, breaking
the engine-room doors and windows and tilling
engine-room with water. Was compelled to re
turn to Drakes Bay, and concluded to return
! for repairs.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— April 23. 10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind S; velocity 20 miles.
DISASTER.
TACOMA, Apr 23— Br stmr Glenogle, bound
out, sank stmr City of Kingston here at . 4
o'clock this morning. No further particulars.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— SaiIed Apr 23— Stmr Scotia, for
San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Apr 23— Br stmr Lennox.
for Hongkong; stmr State of California, for San
Francisco; schr Maid of Orleans, for Alaska.
REDONDO— Arrived Apr »— Schr Jennie
Stella, from Grays Harbor.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Apr 23— Br stmr
Aorangi. from Vancouver for Sydney.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Apr 23— Schr Bertie
Minor, from Eureka.
OLYMPI A— Sailed Apr 23— Schrs Ethel Zana
and Bella, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived April 22— Tug Astoria,
with dredge in tow. .■-. " Jt ; __ 1
Sailed Apr 22— Schr Wing and Wing, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Apr 23— ship Drumbur
ton. for China.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Apr 23— Br str Wel
lington, from Departure Bay for San Francisco. .
PORT TOWNSEXD— SaiIed Apr 22— Bktn i
Skagit, from Port Gamble for Honolulu. /
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HAVRE— Arrived Apr 23— Stmr La Bretagne.
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Apr 28— Stmr Luca
i nla, from Liverpool for New York,CELEBRATED
THE FEAST OF
SAINT JOSEPH
Crowds at the Catho
lic Churches. .
FATHER HANNIGAN'S SERMON
MISSION AT ST. HOSE'S HAS A
FITTING FINALE.
■ptorist Fathers Inaugurate a
Series of Missions at St.
Patrick's — Other
Notes.
The feast of the Patronage of St. Joseph
was observed in Catholic circles through
out the world yesterday. In this city the
churches were crowded with worshipers
who listened to panegyrics on the saint
tr> whom, next to the Virgin Mary, the
Catholics pay their highest veneration.
Father J. B. Hannigan delivered .the
sermon t at St. Mary's Cathedral at the 11
o'clock mass. In an interesting manner
he lold of the reason why the church hon
ored and venerated the Faints, lie said
it was because of their standing high in
the favor of God; that they were mem
bers of the church triumphant and there
fore still interested in the church on
earth, and because the church on earth
looks to them for their intercession in
prayer before the throne of God in be
half or herself and her children still on
earth. The speaker went on to say that
on these grounds the church gave the
highest honor and glory to St. Joseph be
cause, next to the blessed Virgin, he holds
the highest place in heaven. Father Han- ;
nigan then told of the good deeds per
formed by the saint, his simplicity of
manner and the unostentatious way he
w» nt about his work. The speaker dwelt
0:1 St. Joseph's confidence in God and hid
purity, and in conclusion said that be
cause of all these virtues the church
chose him as her special patron and in
tercessor before the throne of God. In
the evening- Father Dempsey delivered the
sermon.
At St. Ignatius Cathedral a sermon on
the saint was preached by Father Woods.
In the evening the monthly exercises pre
paratory to the consecration of the twen
tieth century to the Lord were held. The
services were beautiful ' and impressive
and were attended by a large congrega
tion. Rev. Henry K. Woods, S. J., deliv
ered an able sermon 0:1 the occasion. The
music was a feature of the celebration.
an excellent programme being rendered
by the choir. Battista's "Mass in G" was
beautifully sung. At the offertory "Te
Joseph Celebrant" was rendered. At ves
pers (Bregorian) Klein's "Iste Confess
or" aiid WiUard's "Magnificat" were ren
dered. At the solemn benediction Melvil'S
"Regina Coeli" and "Tantum Krgo," by
M'-rcadante, were sung. The organ se
lections, from Gullrnont, Dubois. Capocci
and • Fumegalli, by Maurice O'Connell,
were listened to with pleasure by those
present.
The series of missions which were held
at St. Rose's by the •:■ •• ; torlst Fath
ers came to a close last night. The sue- j
cess achieved by Fathers Distler, Cant-!
well. McGeough and Ilild has been grati- j
fying. According to one of the fathers 1
more persons have received the sacra- j
rnent than at former missions. During
the past week the church has been crowd- '
ed to the doors with worshipers anxious
to hear the words of wisdom that fell
from the lips of the priests.
Father McGeough spoke upon • the
"Means of Perseverance" last evening.
He gave as the principal means prayer,
frequentation of the tacrament and the
avoiding of occasional sin. The sermon
was replete with illustrations, and was" a
lining finale to the sermons of the past
week. V. .
At the 11 o'clock mass in the morning
Father Distler preached on "The Neces
sity of Prayer." In the course of his
frrmon the speaker told his congregation
that there were three qualities of prayer.
He said the first was "interior," and that
it m ■.:.- come from the heart; the second
must be "humble." In dwelling upon it
he illustrated his meaning with the
parable of the publican and Pharisee;
and, thirdly, the prayers must be "confi
dent." Father Distler laid great stress
on the fact that the prayer must be per
severing in character. He gave two
strong illustrations in support of the last
point. He told of the woman whose
daughter was possessed of the devil and
how the mother appealed to Christ for
relief, and of the blind man who prayed
for vision, and how their prayers were
answered on account of their persever
ance.
Father Gleason's splendid barytone
voice was heard to advantage during his
Finging of the mass which preceded the
t tirmon.
Father Distler will this morning de
liver a sermon on "How to Relieve the
Buffering Souls in Purgatory."
Yesterday afternoon Fathers Bond ana
Fagan opened the mission for children at
St. Patrick's. The basement of the wr-11
--known church was crowded with the
children of the parish. The services were
very successful, and will be conducted i
during the present week every moon
at - 3:30 o'clock. Fathers Distler, Hl!d,
Cantwell and McGeough will also par
ipate in the missions for women and men
that are to be held at St. Patrick's dur
ir.g the coming week.
Owing to the fact that the decorators
have not yet completed their work in
the church, the services for children will
lip - ducted in the basement. On Sun
day next the church will be opened to
vo'rshipers and the usual services will
be held. Many thousands of dollars have
been expended in beautifying the in
terior, and the parishioners are looking
forward to th« opening with pleasurable
anticipation; _
BOURDON AND MINTO
CONSIGNED TO FLAMES
FRESHMEN TO CARRY OUT AN
OLD CUSTOM.
Will Hold a Spectacular Burial Over
the Effigies of the Authors of
Two College Textbooks.
RERKELEY, April 23. — To-morrow
evening after -dark the freshman class
•will carry out the traditional college
custom of a spectacular burial of Bour
don and Minto in effigy. Bourdon and
Mlnto are the authors of two college
textbooks once used in freshman
courses, and the college men celebrate the
••vent of their becoming sophomores by
burning the much despised writers and
consigning them to the lower regions j
with wild denunciations and imprecations
POSTUM CEREAL.
PLAIN LIVING.
Too much of sweet or fat or regular
of tea and coffee clogs the liver
and chows in some form of ailment.
Coffee seriously affects many highly
organized people.
It pays to live simply and be healthy.
Well people can do things. Postum
Ll Coffee looks and tastes like
, but is a pure food drink and
highly nourishing in its effects on body.
Grocers furnish at 15 and 25 cents.
THE ALMSHOUSE CUPID IS
ARMED WITH MUTTON CHOPS
THE old adage. "When poverty
c imes in at the postern, love
Mies out at the window," Btands
once again proven by an excep
tion. Out at the Almshouse two
tender souls, pierced by Cupid's
-depriving darts, are luxuriating
in all the misery of a true love whose
course, naturally, is running anything
but smoothly.
It is a tender, touching tale of the
compelling powers of a beauty years
may not efface, a woman's elastic
heart, the elevating powers of love,
together with the extravagant
lengths to which a man wounded by
Eros' darts will allow himself to go.
There is also a heinous villain mixed
up in the romance, who, protected
with the little brief authority of an
officer's star, tore the lovers apart
and incarcerated the heroine In "No.
3," otherwise a building surrounded
by a fence so high that even the hero
with his "wings of love" could not
scale it.
Mrs. St. Yves Is a pretty English
woman, 45 years of age, who is af
forded the hospitality of the "poor
house" on account of a depleted
purse and a paralytic stroke that has
deprived her of the use of one-half
of her body. The dread disease has
not I bed the lady of her attractive
ness. Her large blue eyes are full of
a tender, melting light, and her Huffy
golden tresses, though streaked with
silver threads, may still ensnare
when surmounted by the dainty bon
nets bedecked with the coquettish
little bows that she so much affects.
His name Is Smith, plain John
Smith. The frosts of sixty winters
have silvered his temples, but left his
heart warm, his eye keen and sensi
tive to the enjoyment of a comely
person, and. if he has not "dough,"
he has mutton chops to burn. But
that is anticipating the story.
Before Smith was registered at the
Almshouse Collins had apartments
there. Collins' particular trouble was
a defective vision that forbade the
sight of all things save a few gleam
ing rays of light.
How Mrs. St. Yves and Collins met
spoken by the class orators from the
burning funeral pile.
Arrangements for to-morrow night's
affair have been made on a most
c. The procession will consist
huge coffin loaded with pitch and
- wn on a big
by .-i crowd of I
men. Following this >me a li>ng
line of trai - uncomplf
-1 and a. lot
•:• I lights and Roman
used fre< Ij t
■
sion goes through the streets of the
own.
The coffin will be taken to an open
on the lower campus. There,
ms a blazing mass,
the freshmen, dressed in masquerat
nd evil spirits, will
around the flames singing funeral songs
• i upon the
th»-ir much disliked authors.
• 8 o'clark.
and •- most ol the frai
nous- reaching the campus. Af
this kind were formerly i
mon -. but faculty have for
bidden this part of • ■ finance, no
; is lik'-ly to take p
FOB THE GOLDEN CARNIVAL.
Active Preparations for the Coming '
Event Are Under Way.
OAKLAND, April 23.— Work will be
commenced at once to tear out the i
partition at the Exposition building and
build booths for the great Golden Carni
val, which opens Saturday evening, May
6, ur.«V • :>iees of Piedmont Parlor,
N. I>. (',. W., and Oakland Parlor, N. S.
<;. W., and continues for one week.
The Ancient Order of United Workmen
decided to hold a grand celebration
on Friday evening, May 10, in the
carnival. On this occasion a special pro
gramme will include addresses by grand
a concert by Mrs. Carre True
man, assisted by Bennett's specially ;
rchestra.
The following additional acceptances to \
on the honorary advisory board
been received by the executive com
mittee: W. i. Chlpman of the German ;
American Insurance Company, Mrs.
Daisy V. Kemp of Ferndale, Captain C.
K. King, Milton G. Perkins, Attorney
Ben F woolner of Oakland. Assembly- i
eph R. Knowland of Alameda, I
County Treasurer A. W. Ff-idler of Oak- ;
and Congressman Victor H. Met
calf. Governor Caere has consented to
on the honorary advisory board |
and also, if possible, to be present on the
gnt and deliver an addr.-ss.
■. Phelan of San Francisco ,
the committee that unless he
Is in Southern California, as he contem
he will be present on that even
: also deliver an address.
n Alameda composers have so far
• in competition for tho j
blue ribbon given by the judges for the j
■ -i. Mr. Bennett is very!
willing and desirous, in fact, that the
when their compositions are
shall direct his concert
band at that time.
The arrangements for the cake walk
•ions that it will be not only i
one of the fairest but one of the most ex
citing ever held in this part of the coun- j
try.
Convention of Andrew and Philip.
OAKLAND, April 23.— The second an
nual State convention of the Brotherhood
of. Andrew and Philip will be held next
Thursday at the First Methodist Episco
pal Church. The afternoon will be occu
pied with devotional exercises and discus
sion of "Better Work," in which Rev. F.
S. Brush, Rev. H. H. Finch, Rev. J. R.
Knowdell, W. W. Anderson, Rev. W. W.
Scudder and Rev. F. A. Doane will take
part. A business -lon will follow, and
in the evening there will be an exchange
of greetings with response by Rev. W. W.
Anderson. During the evening the sub
ject, "Workmen Need Not Be Ashamed,"
will be discussed by Rev. C. H. Efobart,
Dr. E. R. Dllle, Dr. T. J. Lacy and Dr.
E. P. Dennett.
■ » ■
Redwood Foresters.
Court Star of Redwood No, 7912. An
cient .Order of Foresters, celebrated Its
seventh anniversary last Thursday night
in Odd Fellows' Hall, Redwood City, by
an entertainment and dance, the former
having been arranged by Philip Prince
valle, chairman of the committee of ar
rangements. Permanent "Secretary John
Falconer and the- following grand officers
were present: J. H. Henderson, George
H. Brown, G. Jucher and George H. Saf.
During the evening George West, on be
half of the court, ■ presented Financial
Secretary Winters a handsome gold and
diamond set badge In token of the appre
ciation of his services. There were
present about three hundred and fifty
persons, who enjoyed a fine programme,
the numbers being contributed by Miss
Lottie Christ, Professor John "Deluca
William Casey. T. Miller. J. Sepulvadd
and Miss ].. Cockran. There were also
addresses by High Sub-Chief Ranger
Henderson and by Permanent Secretary
Falconer. Dancing was kept up until a
late hour, and the affair was voted a
great success.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1899.
and loved is known only to them
selves. The official Almshouse knowl
edge of the matter is limited to the
fact that some few months ago the
paralyzed lady and the blind man
disappeared. Three months later Mrs.
St. Yves returned— alone. Her lips
were sealed as to what had occurred
in that brief sojourn in the world
where it requires money to live. No
record was found of a marriage, and
Collins never came back. The "poor
house" officials say that when Mrs.
St. Yves returned after that myste
rious absence "she was in a dreadful
state." However in a few days the
fair eloper resumed her natural tidy
appearance, and then she met Smith.
At first it was only a bowing ac
quaintance, but "good day" and "fine
evening" soon made way for more
lengthy conversations. Acquaintance
ship ripened into friendship, and final
ly the inevitable happened. Mrs. St.
Yves resided at "No. 4," a dwelling
protected from vulgar gaze by a
whitewashed fence, not too high,
however, for a long arm, a stout
heart and an extravagant caprice.
Not many moonlit evenings ago the
guard saw Smith hovering near the
fence. Cautiously the aged swain
crept close to the cruel partition,
raised his arm— but that was as far
as he got. He was caught in the very
aot, and the dainty mutton chops he
was prepared to lay on love's altar
were confiscated by the minion of the
law. Mrs. St. Yves' residence was
changed and Smith's actions closely
led.
Now the lovers only meet Sunday
mornings at church, where guards
may not Interfere if they manage to
slip in tender nothings between the
responses. At the last entertainment
Mrs. St. Yves and Mr. Smith were
allowed the pleasure of each other's
company. Mrs. St. Yves had orange
bows in her bonnet and Smith was
the only man in the room with a
white shirt on.
In a way the Almshouse authorities
are pleased with Smith's presence at
the institution. He acts as a whole
pome preventive that keeps off the
: gallants, who would all
be offering mutton chops to Mrs. St.
Yves if it were not for Smith.
POLICE AGAIN
RAID CLUBS
IN CHINATOWN
Joint Assault by Esola
and Donovan.
! FIFTY MEN CAPTURED
DOORS WERE BATTERED DOWN
AND LAYOUTS SEIZED.
Four Notorious Dens Broken Up.
Lookouts Were Caught and
Will Be Charged With
Vagrancy.
Lieutenant Esola and Sergeant Dono
i van, with a picked posse of ten men, in
cluding the regular Chinatown squad,
i made /our successful raids on gambling
j houses last night. On the stroke of 10
! doors wore battered down simultaneously
at the rooms of the Oriental T'nion Club,
700 Jackson street the Occidental Club.
! Ross Alley, and the Wins Jun Hung and
MutuaJ Protective Association in Wash
ington Alley.
The four raids were made with a rush,
i The squads started out from the head
! quarters on Washington street at about
9:80, and each man had his instructions.
, They were to show their faces at the
I doors, demand admittance, and if the
doors were not at once opened to smash
, them in with axes. To make everything
safe the officers were provided with
search warrants for the clubs Beie.ted.
At the two clubs in Washington alley
sixu<>n men were captured, and sufficient
evidence, was secured to warrant their ar
j rest. The Oriental Club furnished twenty
j four more men and a fantan layout, and
twelve men were taken from the Occi
dental Club.
All were taken to the California-street
station and locked up on a charge of vis
iting a fantan game. The lookouts were
caught in their cages at each club and an
i additional charge <>t vagrancy was lodged
; against them. Almost every Asiatic race
was represented In the clubs raided. Tn
the Oriental Union Club in particular
I there were Chinese. Japanese, Filipinos
nnd a few nondescripts who appeared to
be a mixture of all races.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Lincoln Council at its last held meeting
: had an attendance of thirty-six members,
! which is proof that the meetings are in-
I teresting. Several applications were acted
, upon. Last Thursday night the . lodge
gave a bon-bon social in the Foresters'
i building, which was a success in every
sense. After the dance refreshments were
served. This lodge- contemplates finding
quarters where there is more freedom I
from noise than there Is in the present >
meeting place.
Last Tuesday night there was a good
attendance at the meeting of Pioneer
Lodge. Three applications were received
| and referred to the committee on investi
gation. After the business there was
dancing until a late hour. The lodge will
give an invitation party on the last Tues
-1 day in May.
The Supreme Lodge session will be held
j on the first Tuesday in June.
■•• ♦ ■
GARFIELD RELIEF CORPS.
Last Tuesday night the ladies of Gar-
Held Relief Corps. G. A. R., had a party
In its hall in the Alcazar building, at
which there was a very large number of
those who feel an interest in the work
! of the corps. There was presented an ex
; cellent_programme of song, music, reci
tations" and a cake walk, besides ad
dressea on the work of the patriotic ladies
by Sol rahen, D. C; E. S. Salomon of
Garfleld Post, and Mrs. Dora H. Wilkins,
president of the corps. After the pro
gramme there was a dance and amusing
: Kames. Those who contributed to the en
joyment of the evening were: Mrs. Olive
\l. Masters, the Golden Gate band, Annie j
Maury. Lillfe OWniiughan. Hazel McKay,
j Mr. Jenkins and Milton Walstein, J
NEWSPAPERS
EYE OPENERS
OF THE POLICE
Rev.. F. C. Lee Utters
Strong Sentiments.
. »
CALLS CHIEF LEES TO ACTION
DENOUNCES CHINATOWN AND
"PICTURE PARLORS."
Says the Police Officials Remain Inert
Until They Are Awakened by
a Burst of Public In
dignation.
Rev. Frederick C. Lee, pastor of the
California-street Methodist Episcopal
Church, last evening delivered an elo
quent sermon on the existing evils in San
Francisco. He called attention to the fact
that nearly in every case where the at
tention of the police has resulted in the
edification of public morals the press has
first ventilated the evils so thoroughly as
to force the officers into action by over
whelming indignation from the law-abid
ing element of the community. He con
cluded his remarks by advising Chief
Lees to resign his position in favor of an
active man, if he finds its burdens too
cumbrous by reason of his advanced ace.
In part he said:
Is Chief Lees in need of a guide to China
town?
In the words of the great immortal Caesar
1 would answer "Minime," which, trans
lated Into south of Market Anglo-Saxon,
means "Not much." Distinguish between
the chief needing a guide and his being
compelled to use one.
Can it be possible that a man
who has been connected with the
police force of San Francisco for
forty years, as detective and
Chief, needs any pointers from
the outside That the Chief needs
no guide to Chinatown was plain
ly manifested when on Thursday
last he handed over to Sergeant
Donovan the street and number
of over fifty fan-tan and lottery
layouts. When did he come into
possession of these facts the
night before? Then he could have
had them, and ought to have had
• them, six months before. Has he
had them for weeks and months —
then what has he been doing
with them, keeping them for the
Directory of 1900?
There are just two horns to
this bull in Chinatown, and the
Chief is at perfect liberty to pick
his horn. If he does not know
what is going on, what is he in
office for? And if he does know
what is going on, what is he paid
forP Is he a fool or a fraud?
It Is a remarkably strange thing to me
that the police are always dependent" upon
the papers or private citizens for their in
formation. It Is not until these "city skele
tons" are dragged Into the open by the
newspapers chat the police begin to show
any signs of life or interest. Why should
the police— from patrolman to chicf — compel
the citizen to make the initiative? Are not
the evils of Chinatown to-day about what
they were six months ago? And yet It was
DOt until the Examiner took up the fight
recently that any concern was manifest.
Were not the "picture parlors" on Market
street as vile and the phonographs as foul
three months ago as they were last week?
And yet it was not until The Call had rung
up the "central office" and exposed the
nastlness of these "animal-scopes" that any
arrests were made and punishment Inflicted,
while officers were passing these "peep
holes" a dozen times a day. 'What right
have the police to wait tor complaints to be
made through the press? What right have
the police to compel either firms or
Individuals to do police duty without pay?
And when a newspaper or a private citizen
does <o warfaring at his own expense, and
does work for which the police are being
paid, the greatest obstacles he runs up
against are offlclaj know-nothings in blue
cloth and brass buttons. That men and
women will do wrong nobody doubts. That
they will do so in spite of law, police,
preacher, punishment and God — nobody de
nies. But that dens and brothels— such as
exist in Bacon place and the Chinese quar
ters—where the vicious and the criminal
, congregate, that nesting places and breed
" ing grounds should be allowed to flourish
right under the very nose of the police, Is
preposterous. The law is already on the
statute books — the officer has to do Is
to enforce H. This he does not do because
upon his own authority he decides that the
law is a dead letter. If it is he has mur
dered it by neglect. An officer has no right
to play the part of a coroner and declare a
law "dead." and then hide his official ras
cality behind its carcass. Governor Roose
velt of New York has said that "a dead
letter law is worse than hypocrisy in the
church." Look at the accursed traffic In
Chinese girls, being carried on here in one
of the leading cities of the United States.
On next Fourth of July we will spout and
do the read-eagle" act about "being born
free and equal." We will sing about "the
land of the free and the home of the brave,"
and yet the slave trade as carried on right
here In San Francisco this very hour Is more
disgraceful, more destructive and damnable
than Southern slavery ever dared be. .
Tell me that these things cannot be sup
pressed. Tell me that there is not power
enough In our city and State to wipe out
this hideous business that puts our Govern
ment and nation on a par with that of the
Sultan of Turkey or some Arab slave
hunter In equatorial Africa. Such a con
fession Is a humiliating confession of weak
ness. Think of It— a handful of exports from
the "Lepery Kingdom" defying the com
monwealth of California. My advice to our
servant, the Chief of Police, is that if he is
too old or too incompetent to grapple with
these heathen law-breakers, then let him
• get out , nad make room for one who can —
and there are plenty of them. I stand here
to declare publicly that for a Chief of Po
lice determined to do his sworn duty, seek-'.
ing no man's favor and fearing no man's
frown, for such a man thirty days would
be long enough to shut, every "rathole"
within the limits of California and Jack
son. Powell and Kearny streets— to say
nothing- of those on the outside.
I hope Sergeant Donovan will prove Ills
right to the title of "Honest Jim," and that
In him we • will have an officer "above
money and above Price." .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estate of Melinda C. Medau (by Emma G.
and Emil C. Medau, admlnlstratices) to Emll
C. Medau, undivided one-twelfth of property
In decree distribution of estate of John Medau.
No. If."-, recorded November 2. 1897, In 754 d
218; also lot on NW corner of Ellis and La-
Kuna streets, N 63 by W 50; also lot on N line
of Ellis street, GO \V of Laguna, \V 25 by N
50; also lot on SW line of Mount Vernon street
105 SE of Otego, SW 80 by SE 60, block 27, West
End Map 1; also lot on S line of Mount Vernon
street, 55 SE of Otego, SW 80 by BE 50. same;
also lot on SW corner of Mendoclno and Da
kota streets, W 100 by S 200; also lot on W line
of PrentUs street, 175 N of .Jefferson, N 73 by
W 70; also undivided one-quarter of plat 7,
Yerba Buena section, Odd Fellows' Cemetery;
also property in Alameda and El Dorado Coun
ties; $1015. i ■
Yetta' Frank to Moses A. Frank, lot on W
line of Scott street, 52 N cf Waller, N 24 by W
100; gift.
John Coop and James W. Smith to John J.
Dignan, lot on E line of Cole street, 135 N of
Frederick, N 25 by E 125: $10.
• James and Agnes Scoble to Alexander Boyd,
lot on W line of Front street, 1473:6 S of Pine
S 35:10 by W 137:6; also lot on W line of Front
street, 153:4 S of Pine, 6 12% inches by W
137:6; also party wall on N end of lot first de
scribed; also party wall on S end of lot second
described; $63,500.
Paul and Clara Friedman to Margaret O.
Slattery, lot on N line of Union street, S4:6 I A
Eof Octavla, E2sby N 110; $10. " '
William C. Lund to Margaret -L. F. Lund
(wife of William C), lot on E line of Web
ster street, 29:6 S of Green, S 27 by E »2:6
subject to three feet easement; {rift.
Benjamin H. and Frances Lichtenstein to
James M. Costello, lot on SE corner of Pine
and Scott streets, E 82:6 by S 87:6; $10.
M^hael H.egerjpaa to Mary A. Heffwroan, lot
on BW corner •of Valencia and . Twentieth
streets, "W 110 by S 105; gift.
Mary Leonard to Lizzie Leonard, lot on N
line of Twenty-first street, 105 W of Sanchez,
W 50 by N 114; gift.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Charles A.
Blanchard- Jr., lot on N line of Twentieth
street, 25 ■ W of Noe. W 25 by N 9S; $10.
Same to Alfred Theall, lot on N line of
Twentieth street, 60 E of Hartford, E 25 by
N 9S; $10.
Same to James Anderson, lot on N line of
Twentieth street, 125 W of Noe, V 25 by N
PS; 110.
Michael Heffernan to Mary A. Heffernan,
lot on NW corner of Guerrero and Cumberland
(Columbia) streets, and 228 S of Nineteenth,
W 100 by N 58; gift.
Max and Nella Abraham to Jacob Heyman,
lot on W line of Douglass. 126:6 S of Twenty
second, 3 25 by "W 100, lot 6, Heyman Tract;
$10.
Antoine and Grade Borel to Jean Bauchou,
lot on \V line of Eleventh avenue. 100 N. of
California street, N 23 by W 120; $10.
Emma A. Berendes to Sophie Jaeschke
(widow), lot on SW corner of Tenth avenue
and K. street, W 32:6 by S 100; $500.
Estate Louisa Malloy, by Waiter Malloy
(administrator), to Charles F. Griffin, lot on
W line Of Fortieth avenue, 34:4 8 of ri street,
N 54:4, W 120, S 26:4, E to beginning; $50.
George W. and Marie C. Brown to Sarah A.
Dunbar (wife of Joseph J.), lots 880 to SS4,
Gift Map 4; $10.
Edward W. Morrison to Arthur G. Grant,
lots 4S and 49, block 18, Lakeview, warranty
deed; $1250.
Frank Truhlar to Dora Truhlar (wife of
Frank), lot on SE line of Chenery street, 100
NE of Miguel, XE 29 by SE 100, subdivisions
5, 4 and 14. Fairmount; gilt.
Michael Heffernan to Mary A. Heffernan,
lot on W line of Sherman (Collingwood) street,
60 N of Twenty-second, W 125 by N 50; gift.
Same to same, lot on E line of Mission
street, 480 S of Precita (California avenue),
B 60 by E 283:6, Precita Valley lot 358; gift.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Alice E. Kruse,
lot on W line of Moscow street, 175 N of India,
W 100 by N 25, lot 38, block 69, Sliver Heights;
$10.
Abner Doble Company (a corporation) to
Giambatista Pagan) nl and Antonio Bolcelli, lot
on NE corner of Greenwich and Scott streets,
E 110 by N 137:6; $10.
Emma Jones to Charles J. Jones, lot on N
line of Page street. 81:3 W of Pierce, W 25 by
N 100; also lot on NW corner of Frances avenue
and Paris street. W 100 by N 300, lots 5 and 6,
block 10, Excelsior Homestead Association;
gift.
Julia M. Carroll to Isaac Ellaser, lot on S
line of Oak street, 233 W of Baker, W 25 by
S 137:6; $10.
William Watson to Mary Watson, lot on E
line of Cook street, 239:4 N of Geary. N 25 by
E 120; gift.
Estate of Rosetta A. Sedgley (by Edith C.
Sedgley, John Kelso and Edwin B. Mastick,
trustees) to Charles L. Tilden. lot on SE cor
ner of Eighteenth street and Treat avenue. S
197 by E 67:9; also lot on E line of Treat ave
nue, 278:6 S of Eighteenth street, S 54 by E
119; $2000.
' John Center to same, lot on W line of Har
rison street, 275:6 S of Eighteenth, S &4 by W
126; $10.
Estate of Michael Landers (by Amy Lan
ders, administratrix) to Mary E. Ottens, lot on
SE corner of Twenty-second and Howard
streets, S 215 by E 100; $31,600.
Amy Landers to same, same; $10.
M. and Catherine A. McCann to Helene H.
Maxwell (wife of T. V. Maxwell), lot on N
line of Twenty-eighth street, 126 E of Sanchez,
E 25:8 by N 114; also lots 15 and 16, block 5,
Mission and Thirtieth streets, Extension Home
stead Union; $25.
Lulgi Campodonlco to Teresa Campodonico.
undivided half of lot on N line of Vallejo
street. 206:3 \V of Powell, W 68:9 by N 137:6;
$10.
i Helen yon Stillfrled (wife of George) to
George yon Stillfried. lot on W line of Codraan
place, S7:« S of Washington street, S 20 by W
60; $10.
George yon Stillfried to Ernst _ Kaufmann,
same'; $10. '•
F. 8., F. H. Jr. and Sue H. Granger to L.
H. Sly, lot on S line of Ellis street, 165 W of
Taylor, W 27:6 by 6 137:6; $10.
Adelaide "W. Sorel (Larkin) to Louis Sloss Jr..
; lot on S corner of Mission and Fremont
streets, SW 137:6 by SE 137:6; $10,000...
Andrew, William J. and William Howard
to Caroline McCarthy, lot on NW line of Minna
street. 313:7 SW of Third, SW,2I:IOVi by NW
■ 70; $1. \ ' 
Etta M. Hooe (Seaton) and Raleigh P.
Hooe to Rufus L. Rigdon, lot on N line of Ful
ton (D, street, 57:6 E of Thirty-seventh ave
nue, E 75 by N 100; $10. ::.-.:
Hermann Heizmann to Louis Heizmann, lot
on SE line of old San Jose road, 202 NE of
Sherman avenue. NE 26 by SE 150, block 5,
West End 2; $5.
Thomas V. and Helene H. Maxwell to John
Pforr, lot on W line of Clinton avenue, 250 S
of Berkshire street. S 50 by W 100, lots 15 and
16, block 5, Mission and Thirtieth Streets Ex
tension Homestead; $10.
Sarah Fisbee to Eliza Huyck, lot on W line
of Arch street, 200 N of Stanley, N 25 by W
100; also lot on E line of Munich street. 175 S
of Russia. 6 25 by " E 100. block 92, Excelsior
Homestead, quitclaim deed; $1.
Paul Muller to C. P. Nledeck, lot on N line
of Flood avenue, 175 E of Detroit, E 25 by N
112:6. lot 17, block 35, Hunnyslde; grant.
John B. and Paulina Kleebauer to same,
same, quitclaim deed; $10.
Alameda County.
W. J. and Grace E. Mortimer to Jacob and
Margaret C. Breeder, lot on E line of Stanford
avenue, 155.69 N of Ashby avenue, N 44.49, E
129.61, S 40, W 146.85, to beginning, being lot
25 and portion lot 10, block A. Adeline Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Amelia E. Sherman to same, lot 26, block
A, same, Berkeley; grant.
I. F. Johnson to Charles H. Butler, lots 19
and 21, block 18, Map of Resubdlvlslon Town
site of Fitchburjr. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Alvan Roundy to Sarah A. Roundy, lot on
W line of Paru street, 175 S of Buena Vista
avenue. S 125 by W 116; gift.
Henry E. Bartlett to Margaret Mcßride. lot
6, block 209 C, Allen Tract at Temescal, Oak
land; $10.
L. K. Page to Elizabeth Lowell, lots 1 and
2, block 80. Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley; $1.
Matilda and Frank Hendricks to B. McFad
den. lot on W line of San Pablo avenue, 25 N
of Linden street, N 25, W 94:8^4. S 72:10. E 2.".,
N 58:6. E SO:4Vj, to beginning, being lot 13,
block 653, Glascock Tract, Oakland; $10.
Cynthia C. N. Walter to same, lots 65, 66 and
76, Klmball Tract, Oakland; $10.
James V. Coleman. Cecelia C. d'Andigne and
Isabella C. May to Carroll C. Holmes, re-record i
£87 d 316. lot on W line of TelegTaph avenue, 45
S of Thirtieth street, S 39.96, NW 126.53, N 28.94,
E 126.46, to beginning, block 2023, Rowland
Tract. Oakland; $1300.
Louis P. and Sarah A. Berger to C. B. High
by, lot on SE corner of Eleventh and Jefferson
streets, E 70 by S 100, block 146, subject to a
mortgage to Oakland Bank of Savings* for $6000,
Oakland; $10.
Edward L. Briggs to Cordelia F. Briggs, lot
on 8 line of Eleventh street, 100 E of Castro, E
45 by S 100, block 147. Oakland; gift.
Hyacinth and Margaret Gil to Kyerstine
Hennlng, lot 26, block 681, Map of Peralta and
Center Street Lands, Oakland; $403.
William Eifert to Mary Haddocks, lot 14 and
E half of lot 13, block 4, amended map of
Butler Tract. Oakland; $5.
Sara E. Reamer to John Conant and E. P.
Esser, lot on S line of Twenty-second street
where same intersects line dividing lots 4 and
D, Tuttle Homestead Tract, which point of be
ginning is 250 W from W line of Telegraph ave
nue, S 129:4% by E 35, being portion lot 4,
Tuttle Homestead Tract, Oakland; $10.
Martin and Jennie M. Walsh to A. C. Speer,
lot on S line of Effle street. 200 E of Dwinelle,
S 132:6, W 40, N 132:6 to beginning, being lot
6, block 8, Case Tract. Berkeley? $500.
Mrs. C. J. Hollenbeck to Lucien Simon, lot
on E line of Regent street, 116:8 S of Calhoun,
S 41:4 by E 131:7, being the S portion of lot 6
and N portion of lot 7, Boulevard Tract, Ala
meda; $10.
Martin, Henry and Sarah Beversen to Ra
chel Gutter, lot on S line of Railroad avenue,
1445:3 E of Stanton street, E 48:9 by S 150, being
' lot 1, Powers' Tract, Alameda, warranty deed;
$10.
Joshua R. and Anna L. Lee, Stella B. and
W. W. Mead (trustees estate of Stephen Mead)
to Milton M. Martin, lot on W line of San
Pablo avenue, 807:10 8 of Mead avenue, S 46 by
W 100. being lot 66 and S 20 feet of lot 65. map
of Mead Park, Oakland; $2000.
J. H. and Agnes A. Simpson to David Gelder,
lot on N line of Brown or Thirty-fourth street,
149 W of Telegraph avenue, W 60 by N 119:10
to beginning, 7 being lot 18, map of estate of A.
C. Brown. Oakland; $10.
Eliza A. Bayles to George E. Bayles.lot on
E line of Adeline street, 63:6 N of West Twen
ty-second, N 25 by E 127, Oakland: gift.
P. R. and Annie Boreln (by Commissioner)
to Andrew Dalzlel, lot on NE corner of Elev
enth and Alice streets, N GO by E 76, being
lots 1 and 2 and S 10 feet of lot 3, block 63.
Oakland, Oakland; $3054.
Homestead Loan Association of Berkeley to
S.-'S. Mackenbush. lot on E line of Pine street,
200 S of Durant, S 120 by E 134:6, being the S
40 feet of lot 3 and N 80 feet of lot 6, block
10, property of the Berkeley Villa Association,
Berkeley;" $10.
Nora and Thomas G. Brotherton to Albert 3.
Parsons lot on E line of Shattuck avenue,
120 S of Gllman street. E 135. S 65, W 135. N
60 to beginning, being a portion of lot 3, block
21, Berkeley Villa Tract, Berkeley; $150.
Sarah A. and Daniel T. Lewelyn to Fred
Brudlewsky. lot on S line of Fairview street.
250 W of Calais. W 50 by S 135, lot 17, block
C, subdivision of Peralta. Rancho, Berkeley;
$1100.
James F. Stephens to Mary M. Stephens,
lot 32 block P, Harmon Tract, Berkeley; gift.
John Dobrindt to £.. C. Idler, subdivision 47
of block 25, Daly's Scenic Park Tract, warran
ty deed, Berkeley; $100. /;
James L. and Mary C. Barker to Lizzie R.
Whltton (wife of B. F.) lot on N line of
Channlng way, 82:7 E of Mil via street, E 50
by N 130, block 2, Barker Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Emma L. Bowne to Arthur E. and Annie
J. Goodban, re-record 6SB deed 113, SW corner
of Washington street and Merrill avenue, W
55 by S 120, being lots 9 and 10. block B. Fruit
vale Terminal Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
F. F. and Cora M. Dodge to Lucinda Grubb.
lot 17 and NE half of lot '16, Turnbull Tract,
subject to water right, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
Rosanna Short to Henrietta Kuhn. lot on S
line of Railroad avenue 142 from NE corner
Railroad avenue and McPherson street, E 50 by
S 150, Alameda; $10.
Benanclo Arias to H. P. Moreal, lot. on N
line of Pacific avenue, 100 E of Schiller street,
E 34, N 125, W 26, S 10, W 8, S 115. to begin
ning, subject to a mortgage of $500, Alameda;
$10.
•F. Mathieson to Teresa L. Castillo, lot on
NW line of Oak street extended NE. 150 NE of
Livermore avenue, E 150. NW 100. SW 150, SE
100 to beginning, being lots 7 and B,'. block 14,
Northern Addition to Livermore; \ Murray
Township; %\. ~* ' ■ ~
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j|^ Steamers leave Broadway
BBfc^^ wharf, San Francisco:
HBk For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.
||BpfwQHfek April 21. 26, May 1; change at
M&SwOIlI For Victoria. Vancouver (B. \
C^ffißi C.), Port Townsend, Seattle,
I^^^HHHu Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m. April 21. 26, May 1,
and every fifth day thereafter; change at Seat-
tle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. April
19. 24, 29. May 4, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San . Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblapo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. April 22, 28, 30. May 4, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., April 20, 24, 28, May 2, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change I
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates \
and hmirs of Fallinsr.
TICKET OFFIOB— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PA DP * 12 First Class Including Berths
IHriL S8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails April 23; May 3, 13, 23.
State of California sails April 28; May 8,
18, 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
1 Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW rOBK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PAHI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis May SlSt. Louis.'. May 24
P^ria May 10 Paris May 31
St. Paul May 17 St. Paul '.June 7
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland May 3 Westernland ....May 24
Friesland May 10 Kensington May 31
Southward May 17 Noordland June 7
EMPIRE LINE.
6eattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York Every Saturday for
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage, $50 and upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome, $:t5. Other Steamers, S#3o.
Steerage Passage
Rome, 525.50. Ftraiessia. $24.50. Other
Strs.. 923.n0.
For Book of Tours and information apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS,
General Agents. 7 Bowling Green, New York.
Or J. F. FUGA7J. 5 Montgomery St.,
Or L. F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery St.,
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New Montgomery St.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
TOYO RISEN KAISBA. !
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for ,
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day '
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May 6
HONGKONG MARU Thursday, June 1 '
NIPPON MART' Tuesday, June 27
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For !
freight and passage apply at company's office, j
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
fHOmWtfl Th S. S. Australia
ISi ll] salls for Honolulu .
I*U""» W Wednesday, May 3, at j
— F^S "S. B. Moana sails
SJrylTNlinJ via Honolulu and
CyiUililJniy Auckland for Sydney I
fOmR3rZW- Wednesday, May 17. |
VyillfJUltcp at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii, ,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez. i
! England, etc.; 1610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Aqts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office, 327 Market St
COMPAGNIE QENERALE TBANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. j-nr-r
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. 1>
from Pier 42. North River, foot of •*■**«»
Morton st. LA GASCOGN'E, April 29; LA
NORMANDIE, May 6; LA CHAMPAGNE. May
13; LA BRETAGNE, May 20; LA TOURAINE.
May 27. First-class to Havre, $65 and upward, j
6 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-
class to Havre, $45; 10 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, a Bowling
Green. New York. J. F. FUGAZI & i 0.. Paci-
fic Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye., San Fran-
cisco.
HOLLANMMERICA LINE.
NEW YORK-ROTTERDAM. VIA BOU-
logne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
(£300), STATENDAM (10,600). First Cabin. $50
upward; Second Cabin, $37.
Saloon steamers MAASDAM, SPAARNDAM, I
etc., $37.
Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailing* to |
THOS. COOK & SON, Pacific Coast Passenger j
Agents. 621 Market Street, San Francisco.
BAY and EIVEB st^amebs.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS^
Beginning April 24, THE STEAMER H. J. '
CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m. j
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamer* I
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m. i
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Will be ready for business about WEDNES- i
DAY, April 26. 1899. HATCH BROS.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives in Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th»
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving: In New
YorK at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday j
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, "BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Eleotrlo i
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAB FRASCtSCO TIHEfWICE--ia MMET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN ISJL
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1839, train's will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Bxc'ptd Bxo'ptd Daily.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 8:00 pm
9:10 am 2:03 pm Merced . 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 ami 5:35 pm, Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am I:4s pm
2:25 pm 12:30 ami BakerafUld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm Visalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm| 6:53 pm] Tulara 5:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
inquire at Traffic Manas*?* Olfl6* 321 Market
•Urttt. — ■■ — ■-— — — «
RAILBOAD TBAVEL.
■ OITIII K> IFIC compact.
(PACIFIC BYSTKM.)
Train* leave ngil tire «ln« to arrl *• •*
NAN IKA.Nt IH< O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From April 9, 1399. — abuts
•6:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... *S:43a
?:OOa Benicis, Suisun and Sacramento.... 0:43 r
7:00 a MarysTil'.e, Orovuleand Redding »!•»
Woodland 8»4Br
7:00 A Blmira. Vacarille and Ramsey S:4Sp
7:30 a Martinez, San ßimon.'VaUejo, Nap*,
C'alistoga ami fianta Rosa StlSp
SiOOa Atlantic Express, Ogdeu and East.. Sl43r
SiIIOa Sau Jose, LWermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. PUoerrllie,
MarysTllle, Chico, UedUluS 4«l»i»
8:80* •Milton. O»kdale aDd Sonora 4ilsp
9:00 a. Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton.
Merced and Fresno ISllSr
tiOttA Fresno, BakeriQeM. Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles, Doming, £1 Paso,
New Orleans and East 6i45p
1 0:00 a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7 143 r
12:00 m Niles, LUermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hauford, Viialla,
Pcrterrille 4: IS*
•1:00 Sacramento lllTer Steamer* 'SitOr
4:VOr Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vailejo,
Napa, Calistoga, Sauta Hosa »ilsa
4:00r Benicia, VacaTiUe, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knight* Landing.
MarysTille, Oroville J 0:43 a
•4tßop Niles, San Jose and Stockton 7:15*
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond IBilSr
S:O0r The Owl. Fresno. Bakerafield, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 9i4Ba
«'3: oop Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, tit.
Louis, Chicago and East 1 8:43 a
3:80p Stockton, Merced, Fresno 18:13?
3:30p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
MojaTe and Los Augeleg 8140*
Bi3op Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for MojaTe aud East 6i43p
6:00p European Mall, Ogdeu and East.... 9:43 a
«:OOp Hay wards, and San Jose 7i4Ba.
•6:O0 p Vallejo 1 9:1 •
7iO()r Oregon. Express, Sacramento, Marys-
Tille. Red. ling, Portland, Pnge>
Sound and East : 7:494
J9:oop Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta- ■
tions : 1 Oi3Or
|10:03p Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East 1 1 :45p
SAN LKAXIIKO AXI> lUTWAKDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 llelro**. Seminary Park, ( «-i,i A
SiOOa Kitrlifcurs, KlrahurKt. t!tt":l3A.
i9:ooa San lifantlro. Sonth San (*»:4sa.
lO.oOa I,e«ndro, KKtudillo, io:ivi
ill :00a Lornzo, Cherry • 111 :45 a.
<8:OOp an( * 12:43p
8:00p Hal-Turd* «»:43p
1 100p i Runs through to Nil-. <£*■£
) tFromNllea. ( ?.43p
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
}7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JS»O3»
8:13 a Newark, Centervllle, San Jose. Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3«30»
•2:13? Newark, Centerrllle. San Jose, New
Almaden, Feltcn, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *10:5« A
4sl3p San Jose, Olenwood and Way Sta-
tions. 9i»oa,
b4:l3pFelton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tlons /9:804
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. ;
mmSIH mHCISCO— F«t of Mirktt Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 ll:00*.M. Jl:00 *3:03 }3:51
• M:O3 ■ J5:00 *6:00r.M.
rramOilUlß— Foot »rßro»dwtT.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00*. M.
112:03 '1:03 12:00 *3:00 jt:OO '8:00f.ll.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (lauire).
(Third and Towngend Stu.)
•«:I«A South San Francisco *6:3w*
*7iooa San Joes and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) ». l:30p
;7:8Oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Gro?e and
Principal Way Stations 18:33p
»iOti San Jose, Tres Plnos, S»uta Cruz,
PaclUc Grove. Paso Roblcs, San
Luis Oblsr°> Guadalupe, Surf and
Prluclpal Way Stations 4«l»f
Ioi4oa fiau Jos* and Way Statious *8:O0a
11i3»a San Jose ami Way Stations 5:80»
•Bi43r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Kan Jose,
Gilroy. Hollister, SauU Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
(irate *IO:8«A.
San Jose and Way Stations «»:«Oa
•4:13p Ban Jose and Principal Way Statlous 0:43 a
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:50 a
5:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations »8:33 a
6:30p San Jose and Way Stations 7:3«p
f11:45p San Jose and Way Stations 7:aOp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon
• Sundays excepted. { Sunday only. + Saturdays only.
•[Mondays only. bSaturday and Suclay.
JSaii'lxs and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LjBSSEH!
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— T:SO, 9:00. 11:00 a. in.; 12:31
3:B*, 5:10, 6:80 p. m. Thursdays— trlil
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Eit,ra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m.
ATS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. i, ( l-.tQ. 3:34.'
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturday a— Extra, trips at
I:SC and 6:35 p. m. ,
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:49, 5:06,!
6:25 p. m. j
Between San FVancisoo and Schuetzen Parl»
same schedule as above.
. Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco, i
1 April 16, 1 J
Week i Sun- 1499. Sun- i We«k 1
Days. days. Deetlftatlon. days. | Days, |
'7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:4* ami 8:40 aid
8:30 pm; 9:30 am Petaluma. ! 6:05 pm_lo:as an*
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Banta Rosa. f:SS pm. 6:20 pn»
Fulton. ! ~1
T:Boam . "Windsor, 10:25. an»
Healdsburg;
Lytton,
Geyßervllle,
1:30 pmj 8:00 am 1 Gloverdale, 7:35 pm : 6:2« prt
7:30 am Hop land And . 10 35 ana
3:80 pm] 8:00 am Uklah. 7:86 pm (:24pni
7:80 am( life 25 ani
1 B^o am Gnernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm, 6:20 pm
7:80 am 8.-00 am! Sonoma 10:49 am! 8:40 am
and
t:ll>pm 8:00 pm[ Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pa
7:80 am 8:00 am: Sebaatopol. k»:40 am] 10:25 am
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm; I 7:86 pm] ft:2o pn
Ptagea connect at Santa Boca for Mark West
Bprlngs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Qeyservllle for Slcatrsi
tprings; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Spring*.
Kelse-yviHe, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake*
port and Sartl«tt Springs; at Uklah for Vichj)
Bprlngs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Pell Lake Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. LJerley's"
Buckneiri, Sanhedrtn Heights, HullvUle,'
Boone\-llle, Phllo, Christine. Soda Springs,
Js'avarro, Wnlte»boro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City,. Fort Bragg,
Westport, Ueal, Willltts. » Laytonvllle, Cum^
rning's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, DyerJ
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tfok»ts M
reduced rates.
On Sunday* round trip tickets t» all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket Office*, «* Market st., Chroolole bld»>
H. C. WHITING, R. xTrYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Past. AjeaU
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sousa'lito Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, *8:00, »9:30, 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:OO, «9:00. «10:00. 11:00, 11:30
a. m. 1:00. '1:45, *2:30. *4:00. 5:30, 6:43 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to S'n Rafl Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, «o:40. 7:55, 8:40, »10:20
a. m.: 12:30, 2:15, *3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, »8:00, *9:45. '10:45. »11:45
a. m.; 1:00. 2:20, *3:30, "5:15, •6:00, 7:00, 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked r*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:50, 7:55, 8:55, 10:35
a. m. ; 12:35, 2:45. 4:66, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:00, 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:01,
1:20, 2:40, 8:55. 5:30, 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p.m. Saturdays— and way sta'ns.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way Fta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
' Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry, ■
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23. 1899.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at &15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings. Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8, 9, .10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:80
and 4 p. m.
Fare, S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts.. 621 Market st.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEABKYST. Established
A In 1854 for the treatment of Private
m Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
& disease wearing on lxxty and mind acd
■ Skiu Diseases. Thedociorcureswhen
■ others fall. • Try him. Charges low,
B 4 urea guaranteed. Callorwritei
. »**?,<> JT» *»?.* *»ft? t Sag Ff andtoofc
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
VAGRANTS NOW
TAKE THE PLACE
OF GAMBLERS
Hard to Stop Leaks in j
County Treasury.
A LAK£ MERRITT MYSTERY
MAYOR SNOWS CURIOSITY IS
AROUSED.
He Is Endeavoring to Learn Row the
City Is Being Bunkoed on Street-
Sprinkling nnd Other
Expenses.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Iway, Apr:
Alnm^rin County is a goo which
to get rich. The county treasury Been
be a free-for-aD grab bag. When once
money is taken out any pre
■ ■ of it
hieing returned. Yesterday after two or
an ex-i "oronc r
■was relieved of • • making his
lijlls excessive on the ground that it is
ow a criminal intent be
fore an Indictment ■ I As it is
not i - official was guilty
ything mere- heinous than misinter
preting thi • of clerical errors, he
is th< r lived from returning any
• ■ {{'■> which the county export and
the Grand Jury declare were not right
fully his.
a hole was discovered in
the county treasury. The missing money
vras traced to s< me parties receiving tax
• ]>>■"?>• rty owners; There |
waa absolute pro< C that the money had
1 • paid, and Just as good proof that it
hed the treasury. After
ire of Indictments nr.d several trials
the cases were all thrown out of court on
round that it would be absolutely
Btablish the question of
agency, and so long as a man receives
taxes nnd was not authorized to do so it
red to be optional, to the lay mind,
er ho turned Buch money into the
m asury or Into his pocket. In any event
the shortage Btill exists and the case is
closed.
For the present there is a cessation of
gambling. Whether it will be permanent
pends on the manner In which
the new city government carries out its
programe. • y vacillating or
Ility be discovered by the gamblers
imes will open up instantly. Nearly :
all the gambling dens were attached to
paloons, and consequently the saloon
r jeopardizes bis chance for a re
newal of his license by permitting gam-
Ming. The most marked effect of shut
ting up the dens is thr- large Increase In
the number of vagrants thus thrown on [
the streets. Scores of men and youths
Who have no other means of a livelihood
than the keno joint or the rac< track are
now parading the sidewalks looking for
portunity to follow their calling, l!
is surprising that many of these fellows
have noi been landed In the city prison,
for several of them are daily seen to be
1n conversation wit. police officers who
must relationship Buch gam
blers bear I ety and the law. This .
phase of the situation does not seem:
ommendi d Itself to those
intrusted with th< peace and dignity of
the people, but I I thai they arrive
ut a • ption of the truth.
It is about Time for a commission to lm
appointed to inquire into the Btat
uk and prospects of the Lake
Merrltt Improvements. Considei I
exists as to the plans and :
system on which a large portion of the i
city treasure la being Ixpended. Although ;
all the city employes are now suffering
financially because of the generosity of
the late Council toward the lake, there j
would Btill be no cause for complaint if I
assurances were given that the marshes
on the \M-.-t shore are to be totally obllt
ind converted Into a splen
did twenty-acre park as promised. There
is n< ': assurance, for even the
Mayor and City Attorney have stated that
the deeds to the city from the Water
Front Company and others do not show
what benefit the city acquires for its gen- ;
eroslty, and the opinion la prevalent that'
ihe benefit will not be half so large as it
to be during the agitation for >
the Improvemei . iredger has been!
busily at work I months tilling In
private propi rty with mud from the lake,
and there Is a suspicion that there will
not be half nor a quarter enough mud left
to be taken from th.- lake under the exist
ing contract to tiil the immense Tract be
between Kiirhth and Twelfth streets, the
bulkhead now being built and the west
Bhore. No one can say or has said how
much of this great till will be left when
the contra* t is ci mpleted, and there Is an
Idea prevalent that it will take a large ap
propriation for several years before the
promised park will materialize. It was
thougl ■ : these matters were set
tled, bin SUCH Is not the east-, and al
thoiiph the contract demands that all
work shall be finished by June 20, there is i
not the remotesl possibility that one-third
of it can be done by that time. The Mayor
could relieve much public suspense by In
ducing t hi Council to appoint a special,
committee to Issue a report on these mat
ters.
Mayor Snow wants to know why stroot
sprinkling, which cost (28,000 nine years
ago, should now cost $4:;,>j</i. when the
city's assessment has only im reased 1"
per cent in the interval. Frequently dur
ing the past week the Mayor has been
n sitting on Top of a watering cart
handling the lever, or chasing a sprinkler
around town, i r perched on top of one of
the street railroad tanks, or plugging up
some of the holt in th< distributor and
making others at the end. He has taken
all the trouble because he believes he can
m range v sprinkler that will do about
twice as much work as the ay
sprinkler is now di I
Nine years ago there were no electric
In Oakland, and consequently all
the streets of the city had to be sprinkled
bj i arts. Now there are miles of electric
roads, and the franchises call for the
Fprlnkllng of the tracks by the com
panies, bo that the cost of street sprink
ling should bo no more now than it was in
1890. Vet it is nearh
STUART W. BOOTH.
JORDAN TO THE SOCIALISTS.
He Talks About "The Man With the
Hoe."
OAKLAND, April 23.— President David
Starr Jordan delivered an interesting lec
ture at Grand Army Hall to-night under
the auspices of the socialists on "The Man
Who is Left." After reciting Markham's
now famous poem, "The Man With the
Hoe," the speaker said in part:
•'We all know Mr. Markham as a poet,
gentleman, scholar and teacher. I do not
think the science of his poem about Mil
iii's peasant is quite sound. He does not
need to defend it. It is poetry, not
science. There are such men with the hoe
everywhere— dull, stupid, . with heavy
Jaws, lacking luster in their eyes. I have
seen many of this type, but when I saw
them chained to the wheel of labor it was
not revolving. True, there are more than
ought to be In France, but influences have
taken out many of the better class, leav
ing these behind. This is not the labor
problem, nor is it related to capital in
any way. Nor is it the greater problem
of the relation of individuals to trusts,
which fis now coming up and is hard to
aolve."
DROPPED OUT OF
SIGHT BENEATH
HER VERY EYES
Charles H. Price Has
Disappeared.
QUEEREST CASE ON RECORD
CALLED AT A DRUGSTORE WITH
HIS WIFE AND VANISHED.
Mrs. Price of Los Angeles Entertains
Grave Fears That Her Invalid
Husband Has Taken
His Life.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
3 Broadway. April 22.
Charles H. Price, a Los Angeles crock
ery salesman, has dropped put of sight
as though the earth had opened and swal
lowed him.
Price and bis wife en me over from San
■ s.o >■ sterday, where be had been
undergoing treatmeni tor spinal troubles.
They registered at the St. Lawrence, cor
ner of Seventh and Franklin streets, and
about •! o'clock yesterdaj afternoon -Mrs.
Price Btepped Into the Owl Drug -
some medicine, while -Mr. Price waited
outside. When Mrs. Trie lUt on
the sidewalk her husband had disap]
and he has not been seen by her
Mrs. Price is exceedingly upprehensi
to her husband's safety and fears that he
has perhaps taken his life.
"Mr. Price has suffered from spinal
troubles the past two years," said Mrs.
Price this evening. "A month ago W<
our home In Los Angeles, and since then
Mr Price lias been undergoing treatment
in San Francisco. Ho did not appear to
improve, and was very much discouraged.
He frequently during those spells made
threats that he would yet do away with
himself if his suffering did not soon cease.
"Yesterday we came to Oakland, in
tending to remain here a while. In the
afternoon we went to the drugstore to buy
some medicine. When I came out he
was gone, j have not seen him since and
fear the worst.
"His brother, William L. Price, resides
in Fast Oakland, and I thought he might
have gone there, but I called there to-day
they had not Been him. About twelve
years ago Mr. Price was employed with
H. P. Moreol, the Alameda real estate
man, and I thought maybe he had
tramped there on a visit, but my Inqu
did not relieve my anxiety.
"My husband talked peculiarly yester
day and I am sure his spine trouble has
affected his mind. 1 am afraid he has
done the worst. He hadn't a cent with
him."
Inquiry at the Receiving Hospital and
jails failed to solve the mysterious disap
pearance. The missing man is of medium
Btature, about 47 years of age, slightly
bald, and he has a dark heavy mustache.
He was dressed In a dark suit and over
coat and a slouch hat.
UNITARIAN CONFERENCE.
Eminent Divines Will Meet in Oak
land Tuesday, May 2.
OAKLAND. April 83.— Th« Pacific Coast
T'nitarian Conference will open at the
First Unitarian Church in this city on
Tuesday evening. May 2. and will be at
tended hy the prominent divines of that
denomination on this coast. On the open
ing night Rev. C. J. K. .Tones of Los An
will deliver the sermon, and thf
next morning the regular business and
reports will be in order, following an ad
dress by Rev. Horace I •mis. president of
%).■■ conference. Sunday-school work and
young people's societies will be taken up
Wednesday afternoon, with addresses by
Rev. N. 11. llaskell of s,,n Jose, George
R. Dodson orAlameda and Rev. Stopford
Brooke of San Francisco. In the even
ing chaplain P.rown of the lowa. Rabbi
Jacob Voorsanger and Rev. Mr. Geoghan
of Berkeley will discuss the subject .if
"Our Gospel." The social problem will
be discussed on Thursday morning by
I >r. Dorothea Moore of San Francisco,
Frederick I. Ramford and soul- promi
nent Salvation Army officer. Arthur B.
Ellis of Boston will speak on the insti
tutional church. "Our Duty" is the sub
ject chosen for Thursday afternoon;
Horace Davis will tell what is required
to give men truer id. as of the Bible; Rev.
Mr. Dodson will speak on "Adjusting
Religion to Evolution," and Rev. George
T. Weaver of Redlands will discus
"Making of Christianity Really Chris
tian." The conference will close with the
annual election of officers.
On Friday the Woman's T'nitarian Con
ference will be held in th*» same church,
and on the evening previous the Fni
tarlan Club will give a ladies' night in the
Commercial Club rooms in San Francisco.
BERKELEY SELECTS
A NEW CAPTAIN
BERKELEY,
April 23.— The
University of
Calif ornia
has selected a
captain for next
year's track team,
the choice falling
upon William P.
Drum. As soon, as
the Berkeley ath
letes had .doffed
their spikes after
yesterday's events
on the cinder track
they repaired to
San Francisco to
celebrate the vic
tory at an elabor
ate banquet. It
was' when the en
thusiasm over the
successful outcome
of the contest
reached Its highest
point that the men
turned toward the
work for the com
ing year, and with
out a single dis
senting voice asked
Drum to be their
captain.
Drum holds an
enviable record as
an athlete. He en
tered the Univer
sity of California
as a freshman with
the class of 1000.
During his first
year • he established
his reputation as a
sprinter by carry
ing off first place
In the 100. the 220
and 440 yard dashes at the intercollegiate field day of 1897 with Stanford.
He was able to repeat this performance at the field day of 1898 in a way
that has made his fame as a sprinter. While his time in the 100-yard dash
has thus far b.een brought down" to 10 1-5 seconds, the U. C. men are con
fident that with another season's training he may lower it to 10 seconds
Hat. ••
Drum intends to follow out the policy adopted by Hoffman, captain of
this year's team. Toward the latter part of next term the men may begin
to practice on the track, but active work will not commence until February
of the term following.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1899.
ATTEMPTED TO
WRECK THE HOME
OF HIS FRIEND
William Chambers on
the Rampage, v
WAS MAD AT MRS. HALPRUNER
SHE FLED WHILE HE SMASHED
HER FURNITURE.
The Woman's Husband Was Unfor
tunately Not at Home and Con
siderable Mystery Sur
rounds the Affair.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
142S Park Street, April 23.
Acting under the impulse of a real or
fancied grievance. William H. Chambers
of 1531 Eagle avenuo made an attack last
I night on the home of his friend, Dr. W. S.
Halpruner, 1501 Pacinc avenue, and after
driving Mrs. Halpruner from the house
destroyed considerable furniture and car
ried away several articles which took his
fancy.
Chambers was arrested later by Officer
Edward Hadley and taken to the City
Prison, where charges of malicious mis
chief, disturbing the peace and petty lar
ceny were placed against him. The com
plaints were sworn to by Mrs. Halpruner
J before Justice of the Peace Henry Morris.
The parties connected with the affair
are not inclined to discuss It, but from
the officer who made the arrest it is
; learned that Chambers visited the Hal
i pruner home about 7 o'clock last evening.
: Mrs. Halpruner was alone at the time.
: Shortly after Chambers gained admit
i tance the neighbors were attracted by a
| woman's cries for help and noticed Mrs.
j Halpruner fleeing bareheaded from her
home, closely pursued by Chambers. He
did not continue the chase, but returned
to the house, and while Mrs. Halprtiner
was seeking assistance from the police
he amused himself by smashing the fur
niture and ransacking the premises. Be
fore Officer Hadley arrived Chambers had
disappeared, but was taken into custody
later near his home on Eagle avenue. A
pair of opera glasses and some trinkets
taken from the Halpruner residence were
found on his person and are held by the
police to be used as evidence against him.
This is not the first time that the names
of Mrs. Hal primer and Chambers have
figured together. Some time ago they
went rowing on the estuary in a frail
craft, and while Mrs. Halpruner was en
deavoring to convince her companion that
she was an expert with a paddle she cap
sized the boat. She and Chambers would
have been drowned had they not had the
good fortune to seize a passing log, to
which they clung until they drifted
ashore.
Chambers furnished bail to-night. Judge
Waymire qualifying for the amount re
quired. ________ ______ '
Church Services in Oakland.
OAKLAND. April 23.— President David
Starr. Jordan of Stanford University spoke
this morning at the Unitarian Church on
the subject of "The Philosophy of De
spair."
"The Worship of the Golden Calf" was
the title of Rev. E. R. Dille's sermon to
night at the First M. E. Church, being
the second of a series of social problems.
Rev J. D. Hammond. D. D., occupied
Rev. A. T. Needham's pulpit at the
Eighth-avenue M. E. Church this morn
ing.
At St. Paul's Church to-night there were
special services for the Sons and Daugh
ters of St. George. Rev. Mr. Ritchie's ser
mon was upon "Victories of Peace."
"The Greatest Error of the World" was
the subject of a lecture delivered this
morning by the editor of "Life and
Death" in the basement of Asbury M. E.
Church.
Rev. J. P.. Koehne occupied the pulpit
of the Tenth-avenue Baptist Church to
night and delivered his first lecture on
"The Nazarene: The Reasonableness of
Christianity." Five lectures are to fol
low. .Rev. Mr. Koehne has been lecturing
in San Francisco, Berkeley and Sacra
mento with great success.
Rev. Charles K. Brown preached a ser
mon on "The Last Judgment" at the First
Congregational Church to-night. It was
the last of his series on modern ortho
doxy.
Robert Whlttaker delivered a sermon
on "Helping Hand" this morning at the
Twenty-third avenue Baptist Church.
The thirteenth anniversary exercises of
the Pacific Theological Seminary will be
held next Tuesday morning.
« ♦ ■
ALAMEDA, April 23.— There will be an
adjourned meeting of the City Trustees
to-morrow night to turn over the affairs'
of the municipality to their successors,
who were not able to qualify las; Monday
because they had neglected* to file a state
ment of their election expenses. A lively
time is anticipated.
"CRAP" GAME
LEADS UP TO A
FOUL MURDER
John McCann Beaten
to Death.
RESULT OF A STREET BRAWL
FOUE MEN IMPLICATED IN THE
CRIME.
Cornelius Townsend, Frank Remil- j
lard, Frank Reardon and Edward
Roach Are Under Arrest.
Woman's Statement.
OAKLAND, April 23.— Another murrlrr
has heen added to the record of crime in !
Alameda County as a result of a "crap"
Kame. The body of John McCann, a la
borer, aged 34 years, who resided with
his aged mother at 670 Twenty-eighth
I street, lies on a slab in the Morgue, while
Cornelius Townscnd, a Democratic Coun
ty Central Committeeman from the Sec
ond Ward, together with Frank Remil- j
lard. Frank lteardon and Ed Roach, are
in cells at the City Prison to-night, reg- j
istered on the small book as being impli
cated in the murder.
The murderous row began, It is said, in
j the barber shop of John K. Jacobs, a col
j ored man, at 110"> San Pablo avenue, about
I 5 o'clock this afternoon. All the parties
| above named, with "Jim" Keefe, were
! engaged in shaking dice. During the
"crap" game an abundance of wine and
beer was served, and it appt^rs that Mc
j Cann and Reardon became involved in
! a dispute. Soon blows were struck and
j the game was broken up.
The men Went out on the sidewalk,
j where the battle between Reardon and
! McCann was renewed with fresh vigor
and Reardon was worstod. He was taken
to -Mrs. J. D. Bailey's drug store at 1101
Ban Pablo avenue by Keefe and Town
send, and while his injuries were being
attended to Townsend is said to nave
again attacked McCann In the fataj comr
i bat.
; At this stage Mrs. Nellie R. Ivancovlch,
' who conducts a branch bakery at 1 I<j7 San
Pablo avenue, grabbed Townsend, who,
according to her statement, was "on top,
and commanded him to stop. The nun
separated (<<r a few moments, when thai
fatal blow wa.s struck. McCann was, un
able to rise ami Remlllard and his as
sailant carried him around to a side gate
at the rear of Richard Rademann's sa
loon, corner of Twenty-seventh street and
San I'aliln avenue, laying him down on
.^<>nie sacks, where he Boon breathed his
last. Radernahn, though almost immedi
ately informed of the death, did not re
port the matter until half an hour later,
when he sent word to the Coroner to re
move the body.
The police were finally advised at about
I 6 o'clock, and Sergeant Peterson, with
J Officers Pardee, McKinley andßeinhardt, j
w:i~ detailed to the Bcene, The closest
secrecy prevailed, however, and the police :
were handicapped for a moment. No one
approached appeared to know any fact;
save that McCann was dead. In the lan- j
guage ef the police, the dragnet was then
thrown out and those who seemed to
know anything were caught in its meshes '
and haled to prison. Among these were
Townsend, Keefe, Roach and Reardon, all
more or less intoxicated. Remtllard was
later arrested at his home on Nineteenth
street, and though he afterward profess. .1
Ignorance, his wife, when Officer McKin
ley called, asked. "Is the man hurt very
badly?" Evidently her husband had tuld
her the Ft"i\v.
At the City Prison none of the men
would discuss the matter, and Townsend
was too much the. worse for liquor to
speak: Detectives Hodgklns, Quigley
and Holland were immediately, given the
case, but in the meantime Sergeant
Peterson had discovered the eye-wit ness,
Mrs. [vancovich, who railed at the City
Prison to-night and positively Identified
Townsend as the man who kicked and
beat McCann.
"1 saw this man Townpond strike? and
i knock McCann down." said Mrs. [van
covich. "Townsend was on top and he
was smashing McCann'S face against the
; curb and upon the rocks in the gutter, at
the same time striking him in the head.
' 1 rushed out and told him to stop.
" 'I can't,' he replied, and then I said,
•You must.'
"Il> finally arose and' walked toward
my store, and afterward McCann with
difficulty got up and moved away.
"Oh, i am positive it was Townsend. I
remember his necktie and shirt, though'
he seems more intoxicated now than
j when be was so cruelly beating and kick
ing McCann. I am aware that this is a
great responsibility on my part to iden
tify this man, for it may be a matter of
i life or death to him, but I am positive."
Later another witness in the person of
Albert Sain, a boy residing with his
parents at 1027 San Pablo avenue, was
found, who states that when McCann
1 arose and walked to the corner of
Twenty-seventh street. Townsend again
approached him and struck h|m down.
Then Townsend and RemiHard picked
; him up and carried the man into the back
yard of the saloon.
Keefe is supposed to know more than
; he would divulge to-night, and Jacobs,
| the barber in whose shop the row began,
j could not be found at his home, at 53<t
Seventeenth street.
He was arrested shortly before midnight
by Officers Pardee and McKinley at
Twenty-second street and San Pablo ave
nue. He was very much intoxicated, and
at the City Prison stated that he had
locked his shop after the fighting crowd
left and that he knew nothing of the
I murder. The authorities allowed him to
! 80.
Townsend will probably be charged with
the murder to-morrow, lie is a young
politician, by trade a bricklayer, is" aged
about Xi years, and resided with his wife
and five children at U79 Twenty-sixth
street. T. F. Garrity has been retained J
as his attorney.
John McCann, the murdered man, pre
sents a sorry sight. His left eye is j
swollen black and blue, and his face is j
generally badly beaten. It Is supposed,
too, thai his skull is fractured and his
neck broken, but this cannot be deter
mined until the autopsy is held. The in
quest will be conducted to-morrow night.
The dead man leaves a mother and two
brothers, Andrew and Hugh McCann,
the former a painter and the latter a
gardener. Those who have known him
best say that he was usually a peace
maker and not quarrelsome, though he
was much addicted to the flowing bowl.
FAINTED AWAY WHILE SHE
HELD A LIGHTED LAMP
MISS MAMIE JACKSON NEARLY
BURNED TO DEATH.
The Victim Has No Recollection of
the Accident and Suffered No
Pain While Her Flesh
Was Being Scorched.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
1428 Park street, April 23.
Miss Mamie Jackson, 14 years of age,
was nearly burned to death last night at
the Industrial Home, 1817 Everett street.
Conducted by Mrs. M. Fonda. The child
started to retire about 10 o'clock. She car
ii..i a lighted coaloti lamp with her, and
when near the entrance to her bedroom
she apparently fainted and fell backward.
The lamp struck the floor with sufficient
force to smash It into many pieces, scat
tering the blazing coaloil owr the help
less child.
Being unconscious shewas powerless to
make an outcry. The first intimation the
inmates had that Miss Jackson was being
burned was the glare of the blaze from
the burning oil and clothing, which lit up
the hallway leading to her room.
Mrs. Fonda rushed in the direction from
which came the light. Miss Jackson had
rolled over onto her left side and her
clothing on the right side from her head
to her shoetops was almost entirely
burned away. Mrs. Fonda took in the
situation at a glance, and grabbing a
floor rug wrapped it around the unfortu
nate girl and smothered the flames.
Dr. J. M. Young was summoned and
found that the child's flesh on the right
side of her body had been horribly
burned. H# face was also scorched and
much of her hair singed. She was still in
a comatose state when the doctor arrived,
but shortly regained consciousness. Miss
Jackson could give no account of the ac
cident further than that while she was
walking to her room she felt a dizzy sen
sation come over her, and that was her
last recollection of what occurred.
Dr. Young says that while Miss Jack
son's condition is extremely serious he
believes she will recover.
SAN! FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franct»co
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
?S7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Jftl Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2E26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, P. and A. m
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING. 7:30 -JV.
o'clock. 2 D. By order of the W. M. TKJT
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Sec. /V >
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. m
. M.— Called meeting THIS (MONDAY;
■ EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. 2d degree. TK jT
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. /▼>
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260,- F. m
and A. M., Franklin Hall, 1839 Fill- &L
more St.— Third degree THIS (MON- TL. jl
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By /V>
order of the Master.
HARRY BAEIIR, Secretary.
ODD FELLOWS' Excursion and
Picnic. WEDNESDAY, April 26;
eightieth anniversary; MIRABEL
PARK; round trio tickets, $1; "?%ri*'vr7
come one, come all, and have a good time;
boat leaves Tiburon ferry at foot of Market
st. at 0 o'clock sharp.
COL. H. O. BROWER,
Chairman Committee of Arrangements.
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1599, at eleven o'clock In the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company
number 327 Market st., in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded Indebtedness of two million i
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00), in
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete- the construction
of its steamships and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
• within the purposes of this Company; and to |
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
Bald Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Peal.] E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given. that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake St., S. F., Ca!., has re-
ceived trip following orphans and half-or-
phans girls from Jan. 1 to April 1, 1899: Dor-
othy Edye. 8 years; Susan Connolly, 3 years;
Rose Connolly, 2 years; Frances L. Dawson, 8
years: Helen G. Dawaon. 6 years; Annie F.
1 pies, 10 years; Mary F. Peoples, 2 years;
Grace E. McKewen. 5 years; Marietta E. Mc-
Kewen, 3 years: Georgia A. Smith, 11 years;
Laura Custer, 11 years; Edna A. Anthony, 9
years; Myrtle Corrtean, 11 years: Lillian E.
Powers, 7 years; Theresa M. Bowtwell, 10
years; Maud M. Manny. 6 years.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Ilartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. •'
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 92 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St.. on and after
TUESDAY, May 2, 1899. Transfer books will
close on Wednesday, April 26, 1599. at 3
o'clock p. m. K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFHCES.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years: tel. Main l'.'r*7. Bradley & Co., 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS hotel waitress, 3 years in her
last situation, wants a place in country hotel
as waitress. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants a situation
out of city; references. See J. P. CROSETT
& CO., Slii Sutter St.
YOUNG woman with a child; good cook and
housekeeper; wages no object. MRS. NOR-
TON, 312 Sutter st.
GERMAN middle-aged woman wishes work;
good cook; city or country; $12 to $15. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook and housework
girl, with best city reference. MRS.^NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN girl wishes .work by the day; un-
derstands all kinds of work. MRS. NORTON,
313 Suiter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or housework girl; $10 to $15; refer-
ence. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS hotel waitress desires situation,
city or country; also a flrst-class chamber-
maid and waitress; best reference. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
AT the German Employment Office, -MRS.
LAMBERT, 41S Powell St., telephone Main
6332, help of all nationalities desire various
positions.
GIRLS of all nationalities awaiting situations
at MRS. HIRD'S, 631 Larkin; tel. Sutter 52.
FIRST and second cook, all around, wants sit-
uation In flrst-class hotel and restaurant; ref-
erences; city or country. Apply at 242 Na-
toma St., basement.
GOOD dressmaker wishes engagements; $1 50
per day; suits made in 2 days; dresses made
over. L., 2526 Mission St., nr. Twenty-second.
GOOD cook wants a situation In a private-
family; reference first class. Address E. G.,
124 Perry St., city, for 3 days.
EXPERIENCED Swedish girl wants second
work in a private family; wages $25. Call for
■ 2 days at HIM Natoma st.
ELDERLY woman wishes situation; home more
an object than wages. Apply 1418% Pacific.
WOMAN wants situation as cook or general
housework and laundress. Box 278, Call.
COMPETENT German woman cook wishes po-
sition in hotel; city or country. 1024 Howard.
STENOGRAPHER, typewriter and bookkeeper,
experienced In newspaper work, wants ■ posi-
tion; book store or printing office preferred;
rather go Into- country town; salary not so
much an object as permanence; references.
G., 1559 Pine St., San Francisco.
COMPETENT dressmaker with references
would like a few more engagements by the
day; $1 50. Address 1528 Polk st.
SITUATION wanted by' a reliable German
. working housekeeper; no objection to coun-
try; best of references. Address box 99, Call.
RESPECTABLE widow ' wants a home in an
American family; small wages. Box. 270, Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing and
housecleaning. Box 268, Call office.
GOOD seamstress would give services for good
. home In family. Box 97, Call office.
LADY wishes position as governess; will assist-
in light housework; In the country only
Protestant. . Box 272, Call office. - ' v
COLORED woman would like position; second
work or cook; 4 years in la"st place; city ref-
erence. 'Address box 266, Call office. •„ •
WOMAN wants a situation as working house-
% keeper or hotel work of any kind; country
preferred. &S9 Mission st., room 3.
STRONG Swedish girl wants work by the day
flrst-class laundress:, 707 Minna st., near Bth.'.
RESPECTABLE woman, wishes .housework-
good cook; small wash. Call or address 111%
Minna st. .
YOUNG English lady of position, now in Lon-
don, but wishing to reside in California, de-
sires occupation as companion to lady llvlne
here. Box 281, Call office. V 8
COMPETENT girl wishes to do general house-
work or upstairs work; references. Call 736
. Myrtle Bt., • Oakland.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Position as companion, housekeeper
to lady, plain cook, needle woman or business
of trust required by refined lady; age 35; good
references. M., care B-, 449 Guerrero st.
COMPETENT laundress and housecleaner; $1
per day; best references; years' experience.
Box 194. Call office. . -
WANTED— position as working housekeeper;
good cook and willing to do sewing; good ref-
erences. Box 83. Call. ■
SITUATION : wanted by competent German
girl to take care of children or to do second
work and sewing. Address box <3. Call.
AN experienced Protestant lady wants posi-
tion as housekeeper; fond of children; will
do family sewing. Call or write MRS.
WHEELOCK. B4IA Castro st. -
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
FIRST-CLASS German couple desire situations j
as cook and assist in general; best reference; ,
city or country. MISS CULLEN, 320 butter.
2 FIRST-CLAS English butlers desire situa-
tions; best' local reference; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
holp. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant ob.
JAPANESE employmt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary St.; tel Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 ft O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
PRACTICAL gardener would like a position;
capable of taking entire charge of private
place- city or country; thoroughly under-
stands horses, cows, chickens, etc.; also
handy with tools; best references. Box ..t>,
Call office.
YOUNG Englishman residing In Berkeley would
like a position in grocery store in city or Oak-
land with a. chance of learning business; best
references; small wages. F. C, box 87, Call.
GARDENER, middle-aged, competent; under-
stands care and management of horses, stock.
etc.: small wages; first-class .recommenda- j
tions. Gardener, box 277, Call office^
SITUATION wanted by young man about
place; Indoor or outdoor work; good horse-
man; best city references." HENRY ANDER- i
SEN, 219 Kearny st.
TO PRINTERS— Wanted, a position as fore- j
man by thorough practical man, competent
to handle any office; 20 years' experience; i
references and testimonials; desires position :
with a firm where merit counts. Address
box 271, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gentß' garment cutter, using 3
systems, Is open for engagement; No. 1 East-
, era references given. Address L. T. MLTH, |
38-40 Cordova St., Vancouver, B. C. j
WANTED— An honest, ambitious young man
of ability desires position In store, office or I
wholesale house: good references. Address
P. H. 8., 781 Mission st.
OLD man (61), able and willing to do light
house and kitchen work, wants good home;
expects small wages. Box 282. Call office.'
MIDDLE-AGED German wishes a position in
private place; take care or horses; good
driver; understands gardening; make himself
useful; good references; city or country. Box
911, Call office, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS upholsterer with a good knowl-
edge of the undertaking business wishes a
situation in the country or city. Box 85, Call.
EXPERIENCED young married man wishes a
position as driver or any kind of work: Is
honest, obliging and reliable; best of refer-
ence. Box A 2, Call office. ;.
WATCHMAKER and Jeweler, experienced,
steady, 37, desires employment; town or
country; references. Box 294, Call office.
EXPERIENCED Japanese man wants work In
office or hotel as under janitor. Address box
'. 75. , Call office. :
BOOKKEEPER, French, 45 years, good ac-
countant and correspondent, wishes situation;
first-class references. Address box 65, Call.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— resort, $40; laundress. Insti-
tution, $30; 3 German cooks, $30; 2 second
girls and seamstress, $20; North German !
nurse, ?25; French nurse, $25; 10 waitresses
for springs and hotels, $20; and more than
50 girls for housework in city and country at
$20 and $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutler st.
WANTED— 2 waitresses for country hotel; nice
place. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
WOMAN with a child, $15 per month; seam- i
stress, $20; German girl, bakery, $20 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, light housework, 2 in family,
$15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
REFINED girl or middle-aged woman, light
housework, 2 In family; lady will give music
lessons if desired; position In Kern County; j
$15 per month and fare paid. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
S HOTEL waitresses, $20 and $15 per month,
city; 2 waitresses, same hotel, $20 and $15 per j
month, city; 2 restaurant waitresses, $5 per |
week each: chambermaid, $15; chamberwork
and wait 1 meal, $IS. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
COOK for the first of May, $35; 2 cooks, $30 and
$25; cook, San Mateo, $35. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
SECOND work and care of 1 child 4 years old, !
$25 per month; country. MISS CULLEN, 325 I
Sutter st.
2 SECOND girls, $20 and $25; second girl, $15; |
refined German second girl, $20, easy place;
French second girl, $20; second work and care
of 1 child, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, light second work, country,
$10. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LADY'S maid, $30, English preferred; 2 nurses,
$20 and $25; French nurse, $25, need not speak
English; nurse, Frultvale, $15; nurse and sec- i
ond work, city, $15; nurse girl, $15, 1 child 5
years old, and travel. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. . .
HOUSEWORK, St. Helena, $20, fare paid;
Bausallto, $25; Concord, $15; Point Reyes, $25;
15 housework girls, city, $20 and $25; 8 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
25 waitresses for springs and resorts for May
1. $20; 10 waitresses for commercial country
hotels, .$2O; head waitress for commercial
country hotel. $25; 6 waitresses, city, $20; 5 i
restaurant waitresses, $5 and $6; chamber-
maid for country hotel, $18; fancy ironer,
country, $25 and found; cook for summer re-
sort, $35
FAMILY ORDERS
4 German family cooks; cook and laundress
for country, $30, see. lady here 9 a. m. Mon-
day; cook and laundress for country, very
choice place, see lady here 9 a, m. Monday;
German cook. $25, for small family, and
nurseglrl, $15, for same place, see lady here
10 a. m. Monday; girls for Berkeley, $20;
Oakland, $20; Alameda. $20; Redwood, $23;
Merced, $25, and a great many young girls
for cooking and general housework, $15 to $25
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
YOUNG girl, light second work, for 2 months
in Ross Valley, $15; no office fee. MRS
LAMBERT, 418 Powell st.
GERMAN second girl and cook, German style
same house, $25 and $20. MRS. LAMBERT*
41S Powell st:
NORTH German nurse, American family and
German nursery governess, $25 • each. " MRS
LAMBERT, 418 Powell st.
AT the German Employment Office MRS
LAMBERT, 418 Powell st., 25 house girls'
cooks, second girls and nurses to fill various
positions. :
COOK, $33; waitress, $25; house girl, $25 l in
family; cook, Alameda, $25; 2 cooks city $25-
-boarding house cook, $20; middle-aged woman'
country $20; woman with a child as house-
keeper, $10. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st
WANTED— Cooks, chambermaids, nurse girls
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631
Larkin st.
HOTFL l c AjnPTTi s "£ll boarding-house. *»•
iiu l Lii OAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
2 « FINI^ H ? R ? on pantB: steady work. S 5B
Howard st., bet. Fourth and Fifth, over hand-
ball court.
WANTED-Glrl to assist old people in house-
keeping; washing given out; low wages. 1522 ft
liilllS St.
WANTED— waist finishers and lm-'
provers; come prepared to work. 330 O'Far-
rell St.
GIRL to take care of child; good home; small
wages. 2512 Mission st., cigar store.
GOOD hand at dressmaking. Call after 10 *.
m. at 1338 Bush st.
GIRL wanted for light housework. 1323 Guer-
rero st.; wages $15.
AN experienced girl on coats or an apprentice.
609 Kearny st., room T.
COMPETENT girl for general housework and
cooking; wages $20. 1269 McAllister st.
WANTED— Young' girl to act as saleslady in
small bakery. 613 Post st. .
WANTED— Extra waitress. 604 Seventh st.
WANTED— Tailoress who Is a good button-
hole maker. 1055 Broadway, room 7, Oakland.
NEAT young girl for general housework" and
cooking. 750 Castro St., near Twenty-first.
GIRL or woman for housework; help with chll
dren. Grocery, 172:1 Market St.. opp. Halght.
Cl isaß°G_J U en t l^K^ meoA - sleep home.
1il 2 M^SV- B*™*8 *™*
w^srssrffl?bSS .Sfsr 0 at lm
HELP WANTED- Continued.
LITTLE girl wishes home In Catholic family:
country. Girls' Directory. Waller st. and
Central aye.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' custom
shirts; steady employment. ROGERSON'S.
535 Valencia st. _
DRESSMAKER wants good hand at dressmak-
ing. 1308 ft Powell st. ,
OPERATORS on overshirts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36ft Fremont at.
HELP WANTED MALE.
WANTED — Single American ranch foreman
with California experience and references. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— laborers near city for long Job;
teamsters, $175 day; 2 jobbing blacksmith*
and horseshoers. $2 50 day and $2 day and
board; 2 camp blacksmiths. $54; laborers for
ranch, $20; men for vineyard work. $I.> to $19;
office boy, $3 week, and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Pastry cook, $35; restaurant second
cock, $40; young assistant pantryman; ele-
vator boy. $4 week; ranch cook, $lo; wait-
ers, kitchen men and others. J. F. CRObETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
. WANT 7 A. M.. MONDAY ..........
D pick and shovel laborers, city. .s3o and found
10 laborers for a large company, near city...
Btablemen, country $25 and found
Blacksmith, country shop; wheelwright and
woodworker, country • • ••••;••■•
20 farm hands 12 i"i lkel l
Choreman for ranch $25 and found
Woodchoppers and tiemakers; choreboys.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
COOK for a Government boat . .. .. .. • • •■•■ — •
Hotel cooks, city and country, $30 to »45 ana
found; camp cooks; runner for lodging-house;
waiters, city and country. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
MEAT and pastry cook for a summer resort,
$70- dishwasher. $15; second cook, $40; cook,
small country restaurant, $40 and room; night
cook $7 a week; dishwasher, springs, $18;
bell boy, $10: pantryman. $35. for a summer
resort; steward, $35; cook. $32, to enlist for
a 4-year cruise.
Railroad camp cook, $40- waiter, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 French waiters for 'restaurant in
city $30 per month: cook ror small country
hotel near city, $30; 2 farmers, $26: porter
for restaurant in city. $20; dishwasher for city
restaurant. $20; 2 milkers, $30; Scandinavian
farmer, $20, near city; cooks, waiters and
others. Apply W. D. EWER & CO., 821 Clay.
BOY to work in a hospital, $15 per month and
found; must go errands and do some house-
work. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
PASTRY cook. $35 per month and found. MIS 3
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
i YOUNG boy to work In a Jewelry store. MIS 3
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITER, commercial hotel, mining town. $25
per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
BAR porter, $20; pantryman, $20; country ho-
tel. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
WANTED— Steady man; light outdoor work;
good wages and chance of increase; small
capital required. 1032 Market St., room 4.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new. from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 P. m.
MIDDLE-AGED barber wanted. 1805 Mission
st.; steady. -
BRIGHT boy, $3 50 per week. 212 OFarrell
street.
WANTED— Monday morning. Cor-
ner Van Ness and Clay, St. Luke's Church.
DISHWASHER wanted; $3 per week; call
early. 233 Sixth st. ___
GOOD barber wanted; steady. 131 Third st.
PRESSMAN wanted on pants. Apply 734 Mont-
gomery st. •- ' '.'*'■'
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
TAILORS— wanted for the coun-
try. STEIN, SIMON & CO., Market and
Second Btß., San Francisco.
WANTED— on ladles' cloaks. Address
box 262. Call office.
WANTED— Partner with $25 cash. 40 Ellis St.,
room 19; Inquire from 10 to 4 Monday.
WANTED— Man In pickle works who under-
stands salting and a worker; state experience.
Box 253, Call office.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Emplymt.
Bureau. 1125 Market st. W. J. Brideshaw, Sec.
BRIGHT men canvassers and collectors: sal-
ary and commission. R. RALPH. 511 Mont-
gomery st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attorneys
at law, Hearst building. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
in' t. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel, Jessie 1164.
WANTED— of ruptured people; we cure
rupture free to introduce our method. DR.
SPEIRS, 66 Main St., Westbrook, lie.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps United States navy; able-bodied-,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 33
y*ars, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet. 4
Inches and 6 feet 1 Inch in height. For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
150 MEN to take best single room, 15c night; $1
week: "France House," 149 3d St., and "Oak-
land House," 664% Howard st.; reading-room.
WANTED— Sailora for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast, Australia • and
coast at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
■ 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBBON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 250
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College, 13SU Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, 863^ Market st.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in th»
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
AGENTS WANTED.
A GENERAL, agent— "Life of Admiral Dew-
ey" and "America's New Possessions"; su-
perbly illustrated; sample, 25c, stamps or
coin; catalogue free. F. TENNYSON NEELY,
114 Fifth aye.. New York. -
WANTED at once Grand Army men through-
•out California to handle "Corporal SI KIcKS
and His Pard"; exclusive territory: stamp
for particulars. Address "SI KLEGG," Sta-
. tlon A, San Francisco. Cal.
COUNTRY to sell Leather Luster:" best seller
i out; sample, postpaid, 2.'c. J. Brown, 332 Bush.
WANTED — Agent to canvass for pictures; com-
mlsslon. 1160 Peralta st.. Oakland.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted— A gentleman with $2COO
and some experience as clerk or book.
can secure good investment on application
nt Call business office. ■"."...
HOUSES WANTED.
FLAT or small house of 5 or 6 rooms^Tur- "'
for housekeeping; centrally located; north ot
Market st. Box 259. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— 2 rooms for housekeeping: respect^
able party; not ever $10; near Market cr
Fourth st. Box 2.1, Call office.
3 FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping; good
location; within 10 blocks of City Hall; adults
only: state terms. Address box M, Call.
FURNITURE XV ANTED.
FURNITURE wanted for 2 rooms for house-
kpg; state price. NE. cor. Turk and Taylor.
J. C. MOTHER, 632 Market St.. pays highest
rash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Second-hand brooder for small
chickens. Box 100. Call office.
LAUNCH. 23 to 30 ft., wltn or without engine:
must be cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission.
I LOST.
- * '
LOST— Greyhound, black, white breast, four
white toes, end of tail white. Return to 2*l*.
California st. and be rewarded.
LOST— A feather boa, getting oft car. Polk,
Clay to .Van Ness. Return to A. BLANCH-
LOWER. 17UH Clay st. and receive reward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Savins*
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of BARTLETT S. MORRISSEY; Xu.
204-631. The tinder will please return to bank
PHYSICIANS.
DR. a C O'DONNELIT ofHce and reildeao^
MM}* Market it,, bet. Itb and 7UuBUSINESS CHANCES.
A^s22sO; CORNER (grocery and bar on Powell
et.; established many l ears; doing first-class
paying business; living rooms; daily receipts,
»30; large stock; lease; a genuine goud chance.
R. G. ILKE, 906 Market et^ _
A— s3"o; BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor,
with 4 living rooms; rent $32 50; average dally
receipts $15; choicest location on Suiter st.
WILKE; M>« Market st. room 6.
A— ssoo; RESTAURANT; best business location
In this city: rent $25; established years; aver-
age daily receipts K5; good prices; best class
customers. R. G. WILKE, :•' "■ Market st.
A— s4so; DELICATESSEN store and branch
bakery on Larkin st. ; doing a splendid pay-
ing business; rooms: rent low; owners bought
. . untry hotel. R. G. WILKE, .906 Market st.
A— s4iXK>: MECHANICS' hotel, close to Iron
I foundries and factories; kept by owner the
last 6 years; clearing above $300 per month;
47 rooms; kitchen; good-paying bar, etc.;
now 5 years' lease; always 200 or more steady
boarders; investigate at once; a genuine bar-
galn; Call R. <".. IV ILKE. rm. S, 906 Market.
■ . ■; BRANCH bakery, with 3 nice living
■ . ms; choicest location in the Mission; rent
I w. Inquire R. >: WILKE, mi. 8, 906 Market.
SHOO; SALOON in Western Addition; ele-
• fixtures; club and ladies' rooms; side en-
.: ;e; doing a first-class paying business-
■', J.T Call WILKE. KM Market st.
\VK .' . sell or exchange businesses of any
STRAND -.C0.TU02714. Market st. '
LE, nest man in old-established
--; clears J75 or more each per month;
lence nut necessary; email capital re-
.. GUgJgTRAND_& _CO.. 1027% Market.
JROCERY and bar; this a big bargain.
Grocery and bar in business part; cheap.
■ -l'owntown liquor store; Investigate,
i — A rare chance; fine cigar store
German-American. 34 Kearny. St.
ITCHER shop bargain this day; call at
: COWING & CO., 535 Market Ft.
BRANCH bakery and delicacies; fine location;
■ ■■■ trade; great chance. COWING. 993 Markt.
IRTNER In mechanical business- $1S to
a v\e<.k: no experience required; must be
estcrn Invesfmt Co.. 9 Geary st.
j HOTEL; city front; retiring from bus.
• ->io. Mclaughlin & CO, 777 Mkt.
jL-'-V-RJTSTAURANT; fine fixtures; gc.,d loca-
tion: $20, per day; bargain. Nat. Ait., 7 Grant.
STEADY and active party with small capital
1 office; fair wages. Call at «1 Third st.
1 DMPLETB restaurant outfit at auction at 2
uol.'Ck to-day. 223 McAllister st.
f. • -SALOON, stock and fixtures; good stand;
living rooms. Inquire at 600 Sacramento st.
.~HOE shop that will clear $» per month; good
prices; low rrnt. ."32 Bush st.
A^s3ooo TO $oQ00; partner wanted: chance of a
lifetime; business located center city: estab-
lished 12 yenrs; .i good chance for steady man.
Call at SCO Market st.. room 9. opp. Fourth st.
HALF or whole— Fully equipped printing of-
fice; - 4 presses; 1 30-inch cutter; full assort-
ment of Job and body type. J. F. ANDER-
i-ON. 211 Eddy st.
;.n-ESTABLISHED restaurant and saloon;
sonable; selling account sickness; good
ition; good trade. Southeast corner Broad-
iy and Front st.
PARTNER" Is wanted In a newly established
- doon business in a good locality, and who
Is familiar with the handling of wines. Apply
Call office.
AN old-estab. tailoring business; machines, KM
>'1?. cloth, trimmings, etc.; doing $.'0" per
mo. ; going to Europe. John Redley. 840 Third.
FINE corner saloon, nicely fitted; doing a good
business; on very easy terms on account of
going East. 1001 Larkin st,
$225— DELICACY, bakery, ....... living
rooms; fine location; no agents; party leaving
city. Box 293, Call office.
SALOON on East st. ; good business; must be
teold at once; cheap; owner leaving city. Ad-
■ Iress box 300, Call office.
GOOD-PAYING Faloon; easy terms; newly
fitted up: best reasons for Eelling; call to-
day. 124 Fourth st.
O >FFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
BUTCHER shop; complete outfit: a good
business for the right man. 1135 Folsom st.
PAYING saloon for sale cheap; owner
going East. Inquire 124 Fourth st.
$1.-A- RESTAURANT; good location; good busl-
ness. Apply at 520 Folsom st.
SALOON for sale; in good location. Inquire at
636 Third st.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
is p;)e*s«, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
14 ROOMS; on O'Farrell st... $350
!17-room house; large yard; downtown.... 400
18 rooms; clears $100;. only 300
1? rooms; exchange for larger house 600
14-room house on Van Ness aye...:.. 350
♦4-room house; clears $300; payments 3000
64-room hou«e; clears $300 1600
17 rooms; on Sixth st 450
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Eth.
ROOMING house; 34 rooms; $400 cash $800
Rooming house; 22 rooms; fine corner.... 1250
Rooming house; 30 rooms; new and good. 1600
Rooming house; 10 r. ; new. fine; $200 cash 300
Rural house; 100 r.; fine cor.; clears $."*0 5000
Rooming house: 32 r. ; nn Post; clears $200 2500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. or 15 Eddy.
A— KREDO &- CO 22% Geary st.
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
$225— Elegant 6-room flat; new carpets, por-
tieres, etc.
}7500_50 rooms; ben- ton of; the city; clears
$500 monthly.
$300—9 rooms, elegantly furnished; full of pay-
ing roomers.
Jlsoo— lB rooms; very swell boarding: elegant
dining-room.
For complete list, 6 rooms to 600, call on
KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st.
LODGING houses— l 6 rooms. $250: 36 rooms,
$.'OO- 2S rooms. 1800; 3.S rooms, $1500: 100 other
bargains. NAT. AGENCY, 7 Grant aye.
$100—25 ROOMS; always occupied; furniture
good order; compulsory sale; returning to
France. 331% Bush st.
SACRAMENTO, 644— Lodging-house, 15 well-
furnlshed rooms; rent $40.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOBH * WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
2 LOTS 23x100 each, to trade for horse and
buggy' or wagon, balance cash; cheap. 1297
Folsom st.
BRICK and firewood at your own price. Ellis
st., above Powell; see reman.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth.
"AS -Line of new Premos, Pocos, etc.
(drummers' wimples), to dispose of at once;
will sell below cost. 513 Examiner building.
A MILS rower Lemalre field and marine
glass for $16; worth $40. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant aye. ___^
PIPE-SOW feet 8. 3%. 4 and 6 : Inch for steam,
air or water; fittings. W. F. THOMPSON.
40 Main tit.
FINE fresh Durham cow cheap. 310 Rutledge
aye.. bet 2«h and nth and Alabama sts.
FOR sal*, cheap— i<.-v*ks and tackle, hooks, step
ladders, t-tc. 2f>9o Mission st.
NATIONAL cash register and fire-proof safe
for sale cheap at 42 Maln^st.
ELEGANT $140 diamond, $75. See It at 14
Fifth st.
$20— GOOD SOO-egg Incubator. 1308 Wood St.,
near Sixteenth-st. depot. Oakland.
YACHT, 27 feet long. 11 feet beam; cheap.
LEE'S Boathouse, Fourth find Kentucky sts.
BARGAIN I H. P. Golden Gate gas engine,
almost new. gee EPSTEIN. 648 Mission st.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S, El 6 Mission St. \
BOILERS, engines, second-hanf machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 .Mission st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission St.. near 15th.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page; «ayes power. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento St.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower, $100; 2. $125;
3. $160; $4. $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
1 PHONE, $35:* attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphephone. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. 11. STEVENS. Mgr.,
28 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-337 Tehama st. : tel. B. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Batter St.;
tel. Main 384. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. BEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
JfiTRATTON'S 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
COXKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
«*t..ave.: tel. East 126. . . J
PERSONALS. ■■"'■".' .<;'-
G. LEDERER, leading hairdresser; price 25c;
switches, $1: hair rolls, 35c; Qulntonica Hair
_ Tonic, 3,".c; Foamo Shampoo, sc. 123 Stockton.
G. LEDERER has the most artistic hairdress-
ers on the coa&t; Imports the latest Parisian '
coiffures and still charges but 23c; longest
hair rolls, Me. 123 Stockton st.
MASON, 16-18, The New Perinl Restaurant—
French or American dinner, 00c; lunch, 25c;
private rooms for ladies.
U. Z. SUSAKI & CO., manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order; all kinds
of Japanese crockery, basketware. 4SB Halght.
RELIABLE legal advice free; any case civil
or criminal, bankruptcy, divorces, collection, ■
etc; open evenings. Address or call AN-
''M< <\i. c:.,' Claj si .
T. BRILLIANT, 338-340 Post st., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
BEND stamp for free copy matrimonial paper
containing many personal ads. 653 Clay st.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. rOSHITARI, 313 Suiter st.
JOHN L. BOON!-:, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Putter st.. Law a Specialty.
Sin Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
casts taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private Individuals. 204 San Jose
aye., near Twenty-fourth st. Tel. White 481.
AUGUSTA LEOLA, 2326 Mission St., near 20th
—Greatest fortune teller in the world: gives
luck, love and magic charms; also teaches
fortune telling; fee, $1 and upward.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO., ISI4 Market St.; open evenings.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold: tel. Mint 597. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st. bet. 7th and Sth.
BBARBORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 531
Washington, have removed to C2l Montgy. St.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE. Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N.Y. TAILORING Co.. 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no in-
Jection:guantd.Dr.Gordln.sl4 Pine.ab.Kearny.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets »S: bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
-RESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made. ss up; dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
PLAIN skirts, $1: plain sewing; bindings put
on skirts. 2r-c. 910 Pine st.
SPIRITUALISM.
DR. RINES' I. F. T. B. spiritual society will
hold Its seventh anniversary and social at
909 Market st. Monday evening, April 24,' 8 j
o'clock; free to all; a collection; all spiritual j
societies invited. Office, 1236 Market st., J. j
R. Little, secretary, room 77; hours, 10 to 5
p. m. : Dr. Rines.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis I
free; sittings, SI. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. MEN A FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. lIS Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m. ; j
Mon.. 8: 25c: sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS. V
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO,
AT 1023% MARKET STREET,
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove In-
fluence, bad habits; will give correct informa-
tion on lawsuits, sickness, death, divorces, ab-
sent friends, etc.
N. B. Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
1023% Market street, San Francisco.
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY. '■
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. K. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary st., be-
tween Powell and Mason. Her success as a I
medium has startled the entire world. li.
power Is acknowledged by press and public to j
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human power. Her
parlors are thronged by anxious people looking ,
for important Information, and every reply la
most gratifying; all are pleased. Without a
question she tells each caller their name and
for what they came. She gives advice on busi-
ness, speculation, lawsuits, old estates, love,
courtship ' and marriage — The un-
fortunate and troubled should seek her counsel
•nd start aright. Positively no attention paid
to letter unless $1 accompanies. 9 a. m. to
8:30 p. m.
RETURNED— Mme. Arndt, the great clairvoy-
ant, tells past and future; has never failed; ,
has the seven seals, the greatest Egyptian
secret of the world; shows pictures of future
husband and wife; gives lucky numbers, ad-
vice in speculations on all affairs, tips on
races; satisfaction guaranteed: prices 2."c up;
daily and Sunday. 842 Third st. near Folsom.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing; ladies, 60c; gents, $1; sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 1033 Mission
St., downstairs.
MISS A. FAURE, card reader and palmist. 405
Kearny St.. r. 34; French and German kppken.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis st., parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush at., rooms 9 and 10. :
MISS EVA SHELDON, palmist and card read-
Ing. 17 Grant aye.. parlor 6.
MME. HAYS returned: card reader and mag-
netist. 207 Powell st.. rooms 5 and 6.
MIS.-: ]» CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St.. rooms l and 2.
MRS. SOPHIA BEIP. psychometrist and clair-
voyant; readings, 50c; letters, 50c. 1724 Market.
A. "I. SEN. clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
on)-.-, 10% Eighth <=t.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
readnr: 2".c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c; ladle only.
543 Natoma st., between Sixth and Seventh.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: SBc up. ' Fourth st.
YOUR fortune told by cards; ladles, 25c;
gents, We. 527% Post ft.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant
A.nd palmist: truth or no pay: 23c.
MME BYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles;. M 4 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
NF.ri(<;,\ \Ai{!>. pupil" Count St. c.er-
malne. 616 Geary st.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; reading by mall, $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush
St.; 15 years' experience: references given.
HORSES.
STYLISH standard bred dark bay pacing mare;
price $250; also standard bred blood bay trot-
ting mare, $150; both sound, young (under .">>
and extra speedy. Can be seen at 347 Fre-
mont st.; pedigree and trial given.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons., buggies,
carts harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
527 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday. :
SULLIVAN — DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams: all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE _
MENDENHALL'S sale yard. 1732 Market st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
3-SEATED carriage for family or country ho-
tel; canopy top; good as new. 1130% Howard.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. US Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts. I
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom «t.
STORAGE.
(ALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack--
Ing, advance, etc. 735 Market: te!. Jiiack gll.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
I ranee. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
>■ . .
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1899.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS" Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels' bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned: pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to till sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected . from the natural
teeth and rum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work; teeth
without plates our specialty; flexible plates
from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor.. 4th. rrn. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions, free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns. $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prises; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth. $5: crowns. $3; fillings. 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 1206 Market St., cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; teeth without plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, S Mason st.. .corner Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk St. -
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction
Kuarantd. N. Y. D.entist. %9 Mission, cor. 6th.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE.^GermaiT'Exp.Tt Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071% Market st., S. F. ; examina-
tlon free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment, $5; no Instruments
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. OWYER, 510 Eddy St..
bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to 12, 2
to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same i?ay; no Instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
| mous remedy for irregular and painful periods
of ladies; are never falling and safe; rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the faded; French Tan-
sy Wafers are the only reliable female lem-
edy In the world; imported from Parts; take
nothing else from druggists, but insist on
genuine; in red wrappers with crown trade
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., drug-
gists. 214 Kearny st. H. L. LADD & CO.,
druggists, NW. cor. 4th and Howard, agents.
I ALL ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
j true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
j 60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
! anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1223 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St., between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m: Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or Instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
' helped insfiintiy and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladles' physicians for 37 years; see us. ■
DR. POPPER and DRS., 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write,- 1023% Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free:
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure In
24 hours guaranteed; any time: maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure.
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Sth; tel. Howard 424.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
: aye.— Private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention: terms mod-
i crate; regular physician In attendance; con-
sultation free; Infants adoptee! Into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay St.. San Fran-
i cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
1 advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 408 Clay
St.; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAUS French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
PRIVATE home in confinement; best refs. ;
1540% Howard. Mrs. M. Wledemann, midwife.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
[ lief for monthly troubles or money back; J." up.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
ensea of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$.'. per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
away dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter st.-'..
San Francisco, and Thirteenth . and Broad-
way, Oakland.
A FEW FINE BARGAINS in UPRIGHTS.
Cramer, In good order i 52 00
Belts: ft bargain 130 00
Weber; fine condition 151 00
Klngsbury; good as new 175 00
Smith & Barnes; walnut case :... 190 00
Chickering; in splendid Order 240 00
Six dollar monthly payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ ,-. SON. 16 O'Farrell Bt.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER Si CHASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
, thing possible done- to please and satisfy the
customer. __________________
JUST arrived— New upright pianos; sold at $3;
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 560 Hayes St. "
HORNUNG'S pianos, praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 21G McAllister st.
ASTONISHING opportunity; high grade piano
at such a bargain as seldom found; see at
once. Room 12, Flood building.
It a! DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 308 to 312 Post st.
A— s4oo UPRIGHT piano, nearly new, for $123
cash.. 1206 Devlsadero st. '
$150— HIGH-GRADE upright piano; almost
new; cost $450. 543 Chenery; San Mateo cars.
PIANOS unredeemed, to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms. 1710 Market.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 303
Post st. '
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up: Installments, $5 75 up;
rents $3 60 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
I W. O. BADGER, 416 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos..
' BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
! McAllister St., next Hlbemla Bank.'
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER A- CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st. J_
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In Wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
I ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; prlvte;
no fee without success; collections. Q. W.
HOWE, atty at law. SSO Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. B. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
SEWING MACHINES.
_ p _, ■
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 143 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged,* rented; re-
nalrlnsr at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSES— RENT ' REDUCED.
1839 Green, 9 r $45,1267 Ellis, 7 r $27
1220 Laguna, 9 r 35 : 3024 Buchanan, 5 r... 16
1406 Golden Gate.lo r 30 2819 Green, 6 r 12
2513 . Octavia, 7 r.... 30 542 Howard, 6 r.... 20
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st
HOUSE of 4 rooms and washtubs; rent $8. 225
Chapultepec St.; key- at 322 Virginia aye.
JACKSON, , 1178, near Jones— House, 7 rooms,
bath: fine place; grand view.
LOMBARD, 1010— Old-fashioned house, 6 rooms;
chicken and pigeon house; 50-vara lot; better
than Mill Valley to those that require pure
air and sunshine; rent $13; nr. Hyde-st. cars.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery gt.
SEVENTEENTH, 3434, near Valencia— 7
rooms and bath; rent reduced to $13.
THE handsome residence 814 Grove St., between
Webster and Flllmore, is now for rent.
TWELFTH, 40— Stable, 10 stalls; covered wagon
room and 2 or 3 rooms for housekeeping.
TWO rooms; closets: water; rent $5. 282% Na-
toma St., near Fourth.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
COTTAGE, furnished, 8 rooms; cheap. 1410
Leavenworth St., near Washington. ■
FURNISHED house to let— Eight largo sunny
rooms; modern Improvements; largo yard.
Apply on premises, 655 Guerrero st.
FURNISHED house of 9 rooms; desirable lo-
cation. Address box 98. Call office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGES-KENT REDUCED.
625 Valencia; 6 r... 520117 Erkson court; 5r..51l
4220 26th; 5 r 1313993 Army: 4' r 8
2106 O'Farrell: 4 r.. 11 1 13 Garden aye.; 4 r.. 7
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, basement; also
flat of 6 rooms, bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth
Bt., near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
A^_£_G^A^T'ln^dlrn~fla.t of 8 sunny rooms
and bath: grand marine view; Vallepo st.,
near Gough. Key 1819 Vallejo St., opposite.
A— s9; newly painted and whitened 4-room
flats. 648 Jessie St.. near Seventh.
CASTRO, — Elegant modern sunny upper
flat; 6 large rooms, bath; nearly new; $20.
CHESTNUT, 627, nr. Mason— < rooms, bath,
basement; yard; rent $16.
CLAYTON, 872. south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat; 5 rooms; bath; cheap.
DOWNTOWN flat: 220 Leavenworth St.; "6
rooms and bath; $18. BURNHAM. _ MARSH
CO., 20 Montgomery st. " ■
ELEVENTH, Sunny flat, 5 nicely fur-
nished rooms; modern conveniences; landlord
going away for summer; must have secur-
lty; $20. • "_
FINE flat, 7 rooms and bath; modern Improve-
ments; 521 McAllister St., bet. Van Ness aye.
and' Franklin st. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
FLATS— Rent reduced.
964 Pine; 7 $45 00 1 720 Montg. ay.; C...514
2928 California; 7. 30 00 1696 Page; 3 15
422 Page; 6 27 50 522 Fell; 3 -.13
I 209 Webster; 7... 27 50 318 Pt. Lobos; 5.... 12
1 1832 Green; 7 25 00 2718 McAllister; 4... 10
1218 Fulton; 7 25 00 815 Pt. Lobos; 4.... 8
905 Powell: 6..... 2.'> 00 648 Jessie; 3 9
| 524 Fell; 6 19 00 606 Shut well: 5 11
1609 Turk; 6 17 00 1342 25th: 4 10
A. M SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
FLAT or small house of ' 5 or 6 rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping; centrally located;
north or Market st. Box 259. Call office.
FLAT to — 5 rooms and bath; all modern im-
provements. 2111 Larkin St.
GEARY, 2257— Handsomely furnished flat, 6
rooms; bath; piano; sunny; modern; reason-
able.
LOWER flat of 3 rooms. 1331 Stevenson St.
NEW furniture for sale of 4 rooms and bath;
a snap on rent. 527 Post st.
NEW 7-room flat; rent greatly reduced to per-
manent tenant. 921 Fillmore st.
I OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of. flats from BALDWIN _
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
SACRAMENTO, 1361— Flat of 3 rooms; separ-
ate entrance; rent $12 50.
SUNNY flat of 4 rooms, between Harrison and
Ninth sts., $8. 315 Dor.- St., MRS. W.
TWELFTH, 322— Flat. 3 rooms; stable if re-
j quired.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073, near Castro— Upper
sunny 5 rooms; $15.
897 Noe St.. corner Nineteenth; upper 5
rooms- $17.
2 FLATS, 3 and 4 rooms. 927 Pacific st. low
rent. ' ' " ' '
$13— FLAT of 4 rooms, one block and a half
from Market st. 125 Page St., between Oc-
tavia and Gough.
$13 50— NICE sunny flat; 4 rooms and bath. 3512
Twenty-nrst St., corner Dolores.
$13 50— 297 A SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Flat; 5
sunny rooms; bath, gas; yard.
$21— UPPER 6-room flat, O'Farrell St., near
Mason. Apply I.", Grant aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
_DDYT~"3os^Furnlshed front room for house-
keeping; also furnished single room; private
family; rent reasonable.
ELLIS. 638—2 nicely furnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping; gas, bath, running water.
ERIE. 47. bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth— 3
sunny convenient' clean rooms; garden; rent
$13.
FIFTH, 309— New house; sunny suite, with
kitchen complete for housekeeping; first floor;
running water.
GROVE, 104, cor. Polk— Several neatly furnshd.
hkpg. rms.: renovated: Incandescent lights.
GROVE, 425%— 2 very pleasant rooms; kitchen;
2 stoves; sunny yard; garden; $9.
HARRISON, 738—2 sunny unfurnished house-
' keeping rooms, $7 50.
HICKORY aye.. 191, near Gough— 3 furnished
housekeeping rooms, $12. !^,
HOWARD, Room for light housekeeping.
HOWARD. 833— Sunny suites, housekeeping, $10,
$12 and $15 per month.
HOWARD, 1144— Furnished or unfur. Bunny
rooms, kitchen, gas, bath, hot and cold water.
HOWARD, 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent $12 to $15.
HYDE, 110—3 rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing. '
JESSIE, 283, cor. Fourth— Furnished double
front room, with privilege light housekeeping.
JESSIE, 488 Front bay-window room with
closet, $S; also housekeeping rooms.
LARKIN, 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range; bath.
MARKET, 1523%— Parlor suite; light house-
keeping; piano: reasonable.
MINNA. 28 — Sunny, furnished housekeeping
rooms and other rooms: very cheap.
MINNA, 111%, near Second— Furnished house-
keeping bay-window suite, with piano, $2 wk.
MINNA, — 2 furnished rooms, front and
back, Joining, furnished for housekeeping.
MINNA, 646, near Furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping: large yard.
MINNA, 743, near Ninth— Large kitchen, 4
rooms; rent $11. .
MISSION, 947— Front room with kitchen, com-
plete.
MISSION. 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms complete; no children.
OCTA.VIA, 309— Nice sunny furnished floor of 3
rooms and kitchen; bath, gas, yard; reasonbl.
POLK 522— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms, cheap.
SIXTH. Sunny housekeeping rooms, run-
ning water: also beautiful front rooms; reas.
SIXTH. 405—1 housekeeping room, $7 per month,
and 1 single room for $5; w^ith gas. - .
SIXTH, 420— Furnished housekeeping, rooms;
also parlor suite; bath; quiet house.
SIXTH. 429— Large sunny front 'rooms with or
without housekeeping; reasonable. .
SUTTER, Large furnished rooms, closet,
use of bath, light housekeeping, $6 per month.
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms com-
plete first floor; bath, gas.
ZOE, 31, near Third and Bryant Furnished
housekeeping rooms; cheap.
! LARGE sunny room complete for housekeep-
ing, $1 25 per week. Apply at shoe store, 562
Mission St.. bet. First and Second sts. '
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite- or single; flret-class
In every respect; terms reasonable. •
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service: elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT BUTTER, -Very choice, sunny, new,
reasonable; appreciated If seen; Investigate.
A— THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth St.— New; sunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)—
nished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH,' 421. nr. Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with cas and stationary washstand; Jl us.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms.; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 321— Rosedale House— Rooms rented by
day. week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house in the city.
ELLIS, 638— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
bath included, |S, DO.
FOLSOM, 756— Nice large furnished room with
stove; others; $4 and $5 per month.
GEARY, 556, near Taylor— Handsomely fur-
nished sunny parlor; piano, telephone; other
rooms; privilege light housekeeping.
(IRANI) SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
tingle; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE, 109, nr. Polk— Double front bay-win-
dow room suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Misßlon-Select family
rooming house; $1 SO to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, Sl9 Sutter— Opened under
new management Ap. 1; elegant sunny suites;
single rooms; most central part city; elevator.
HOWARD. 761H— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window rooms; double, single; reasonable.
HOWARD, 953— Homelike, sunny furnished
rooms; from $1 week up; bath.
H' i WARD, 1129-Front, corner, double sunny
room; also others; $1 up; clean, quiet.
KEARNY. 209, 323— Newly furn. Bunny rooms
from $1 50 up; also light hkpg rms.; transient.
KEARNY, 139— Changed hands: sunny single
rooms; thoroughly renovated; rent reasonable.
LARKIN. 1200 — Large sunny furnished corner
room, $S; single, $4.
MARKET, ,1007>4 — Nicely furnished single
rooms; lady or gent; quiet house; transient.
MINNA, 172. nr. Third— Several well furnished
rooms; sunny; from $1 to $2 50 week.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth.— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA, 63S— Sunny furnished rooms and
kitchen.
NINTH. 20, near Market— 2 sunny connecting
rooms, $10; 1 bay-window, $S; single, $6; stove;
water; gas.
OAK, ?Ss— Large furnished front room for 1 or
2; gas; bath; private family; cheap.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 639— Sunny rooms; extra large
closets; modern house.
PERRY, 1(13. corner Third— Rooms furnished or
unfurnished.
POST, 732. above Jones— Furnshd. rms.; private
residence; refs. exchanged. Call bet. 11 and 2.
POWELL, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room; reasonable.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SECOND, 52A— Nicely furnished front suite;
suitable for light housekeeping; reasonable.
SEVENTH. I*2— Sunny furnished single rooms
and suites: also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 108, near Market— Nicely .furnished
sunny front room; also kitchen and bedroom.
TAYLOR, 129, bet. Turk and Eddy- Furnished
[ sunny rooms; single and double; reasonable.
TKHAMA, E— 4 nice sunny rooms; Improving
neighborhood; rent low.
THE GAGE. 428 Geary, bet. Taylor and ICaao*
— Furnished rooms en suite or single; sunny.
THIRD, 25, nr. Market— Sunniest rooms in San
Fran.; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
TURK. 42V4, 102 Taylor— Neatly furnished sunny
rooms, single and double; transient.
VAN NESS aye.. 4W»- 3 well furnished sunny
rooms; corner; regular kitchen; front and
back garden ; reasonable.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
(i'fakkki.l, 744— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
hump cooking; single, $2."i; double, $-1.
POWELL. »09 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
runny front »uite; bath; excellent board.
SECOND, 130, bet. Mission and Howard— Sunny
furnished rooms; gentlemen preferred; private.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; board opt'l.
BUTTER, 112S— Lovely home: sunny rooms;
fiverlooklng garden: home cooking.
RESTAURANTS.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25), nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream pnrlor. 1035 Market. : popular prices.
CHILDREN. BOARDED.
LADY would like 1 or 2 children to board:
terms $10 per month. 1104 East Twenty-third
st.. Oakland.
NATOMA, 74V4— Home care for children by
medical nurse; price $S and $10 mo.; pri. fam.
GOOD home for children, $8: Infants, $10 per
mo. ?10 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
OFFICES TO LET.
POWELL, 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates: also furnished apartments.
GEARY, 616—2 large sunny unfurnlsheu offices;
tlrst floor; gas: rent reasonable.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, matli., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL — Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HKALIVS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc. ; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
evening. PAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mfch. survey, assay, archi.: day & eve.;
est. W64. VAN PER NAILLKN. 953 Market
BOOKKEEPING; the only place on thr coast
to learn it practically; rapid calculations;
short thnp. TAI'.R. 672 Parrott building.
M.\^ " money easy by selling tickets for c0n-
.... lance. PROF. MERKI, 100S Mission.
"EXPANSION" tho order at DURHAM'S Bua-
tness College, 305 Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
LAW Schools, !<27 Market. S. F.. and M 6 Broad"
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
FRENCH, Bpanish, etc. Prof. L>e Fillpiie's
Academy of Languages, 320 Post: ablest profs.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
UnltPd States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
LEGAL NOTICES'
NOTICE.
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice Is
hereby given that on the 17th day of April.
1599, the Bakerpfield and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed its application in writing
In the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersneld and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April, 1899, called feu- the purpose of
passing upon the question, it was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, mnd that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrip-
tion, .have been fully paid and discharged.
Wherefore, It was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition
and application that the undersigned, as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication In some newspaper
published In the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days.
Therefore, all persons having any Interest in
the matter of said application or desiring to
oppose the granting of the same are here-
by notified to file In my office, on or before
the 22d day of May, 1599, any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of
Bald petition.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and the official seal of said court this
the 17th day of April.. 1899.
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANE,
County Clerk and ex-Ofncio Clerk of the
Superior Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offlclo Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court.
CITY and County Treasury, San Francisco.
April 14. 1899— 1n compliance with the pro-
visions of section 6 of order 159S of the Board
of Supervisors, approved September 16. ISSO,
also in accordance with an act of the State
Legislature, approved March 16. 1872. there
will be sold at public auction by E. S. Spear
& Co.. at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
St., on MONDAY, May 15, 1599, at 10 o'clock
a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the police force
of San Francisco, as detailed in an inventory
thereof on file In the office of the Clerk of
the Board 'if Supervisors, and consisting of
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc.; also n lot of trunks, valises, clothing,
etc.. property of deceased persons received
from the Coroner of this city and county.
Open for Inspection on morning of saie.
I. J. TRUMAN. City and County, Treasurer.
CITY REAL ESTATES.
$16,000— NEW corner residence, 14 rooms and 2
baths; beautifully decorated throughout; hard-
ware floors; every modern convenience; large
lot; reduced from $20,000 to make an Imme-
diate sale. For particulars apply to BOARD-
MAN, HOOPER & CO., 133 Montgomery st.
2 LOTS on Twenty-second St., near York; 25x
M 0 each; $2860. PHILBRICK, 809 Shotwell st.
TWO flats. Twenty-first St., bet. Folsom and
Harrison; lot 25x100; also adjoining lot 25x
100; all for $5600. PHILBRICK, 809 Shotwell.
SECOND-ST. property; 62x100; Nos. 128 and 130;
to be sold subject to confirmation by court.
Bend bide to Q. W. HAIGHT. 220 Bansome st.
FOR sale or exchange for city property, 30
acres, 3 minutes from Redwood Station.
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post st.
ELEGANT new 2-story house, 6 rooms and
bath: marine view; Interior decoration; SW.
corner Leavenworth and Chestnut sts. ; cheap.
IF you have lots that you wish to sell north
of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
$500—76x100; HOUSE, 3 rooms and barn, at Col-
ma, C. C. FISHER. 624 Market St.
CHEAP tots for sale; south of park; all prices.
GEO. W. CHAPIN. 11 Montgomery st.
BUSINESS property; rent $150 per
month. Box 301. Call office.
$100 CASH, $25 mo.; $1900-$2400; 4-6 rm. cottages;
% block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or 118 A 11th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
COUNTRY RJ-AL IiiSTATH .
FARM for sale— 7s acres good valley land; 13
acres timber and pasture; good buildings;
spring water at house; 4 miles south of St.
Helena, 1% miles west of Rutherford; will
sell at a low price. Inquire at place. JOHN
J. BUCK, St. Helena P. O.
$1100—6 1-3 ACRES In Walnut Creek. Contra
Costa County; nice house, 4 rooms; large
barn; 1 acre bearing fruit; alfalfa field to
keep 3 cows all the year round; nice .country
home and Income; great bargain. L. OES-
TERREICHER, 630 Market Pt.
FOR Lovely home, 15 miles from Oak-
land, of 14 acres; 6 in orchard; 2 in vineyard;
good well and windmill; house of 6 rooms and
bath and other outbuildings; very cheap at
$2800. Address MRS. M. E. DALY, Walnut
Creek, Contra Costa County.
WANTED— home, 1 to 10 acres; house
not less than 6 rooms; within 2 hours' travel
from San Francißco; give full description,
list of Implements, etc.; state lowest price.
Address R. S., 2526 Mission St.
FOR rent or Roadside house; 2 acres land,
stock, furniture and fixtures; Mission road,
bet. Six and Seven Mile House. C. C. FISH-
ER, 624 Market St., room 3.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO., 302 California St., S. F.
WE have prune and peach orchards; Santa
Clara County; $125 per acre; Income proper-
ties. NAT. REAL ESTATE AG., 7 Grant ay.
CASH, about $2800. will pay for house and lot,
6 or 7 rooms. W., box 267, Call office.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood, Shasta County, Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
BELVEDERE REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— bargain; one of the handsomest
residences on beautiful Belvedere: 8 modern
rooms and large lot; fronting on both roads;
1-3 cash, bal. monthly. Box 94, Call office.
~~ MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69, Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates: circu-
lar mailed to address. Gould, 131 Montgomery.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay.. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846- Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
$59 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought; short
notice. J. GOLLOBER, 25 Battery st.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg., chat-
tels, etc. Harper _: Krelger,3l2 Examiner big.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— lsoxlso on Tenth aye., as a whole
or in subdivision, $20 per front foot for quick
sale. ■ ;
$2600— Modern 6-room cottage on good lot;
choice location on Tenth aye., near school
and churches. B. H. WELCH & CO., 1383
Fifth aye.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrappers for mailing, $1 per year.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSE .TO 'LET.
OAKLAND suburbs — rooms and bath. Par-
ticulars address box 47, Call office, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
— LOT 50x150; with small cottage, on mac-
adamized street; near station and school.
$1600— 80x150: with 7-room cottage; near
station and High School; easy terms.
$2600— Lot 40x207; with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$26 per month.
$3200— Lot 43x138; fine new modern 2-story
' house of 8 rooms and bath;' on one of the
main avenues; near station; $500 cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
. chaser at $25 per month. Great enap.
Houses to let in all parts of the city. '
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1423 Park St., Alameda.
AJ.AMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. 'UNKE. 1416 Bth St.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HILLEGASS TRACT.
. 10 minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet in depth: fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwigrht way station.
Cheapest choice, property In Alameda County.
JOS. J. MASON,
• Berkeley Station.
MUST be sold within a week; 12 50-foot lots;
beautifully situated near the hills: no rea-
sonable offer refused. JOS. J. MASON, Real
Estate, ; Berkeley Station. »
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BROWN— In this city, April 23. 1899, to the wife
of Max M. Brown, a daughter.
COOPER— In this city, April 23. 1899, to the
wife of S. M. Cooper, a son.
FUCHS— In this city, April 21, 1899. to the
wife of I. Fuchs, twin sons.
_____ „___
HEED.
Ault. Samuel W. Loudenslager, T.
Branham. Elizabeth McQuaide, Mrs. M.
' Breen. Judge Jas. F. Mitchell. James
Buttner, Christina . Mitchell. John F.
Coleman, Yetta Ockey. Precious
Connell. Michael F. Plummer, Dr. R. H.
Griffin, Ellen ' - Pointer, Nathan ••
Hagglund, Helen M, Porter, Joseph •■ -
Hart. Babette Rynes, Rodger _
Hoyt (Infant) Bcnaeffer. Charles P.
Jackson. William Smith. Frank
Kelly, James Ury. Fannie
King. Michael Warham. Katherlne
Leavitt. Charles H. Wheeler, James P.
AULT— this city, April 22, 1899. Samuel W.,
beloved son of Mary Ann and the late Joseph
P. Ault, and brother of Joseph H. and Ma-
thlas P. Ault, Mrs. Thomas J. Lenehen, Mrs.
P. Mulhclland and "the late Hannah J. Hus-
spy, a native of San Francisco, aged 33 years
and 10 months.
B_?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1262 Folsom street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BRANHAM— In San Jose. April 23, IS9O. Eliza-
beth Mary, daughter of the late Charles J.
and Elizabeth Branham, a native of San
Francisco.
IT7"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 9:30
o'clock, from St. Ignatius Church, where a
requiem high mass will be held for the re-
pose of her soul. Remains will arrive at
Valencia-street depot on the 8:50 a. m. train.
I Interment private.
BREEN— In this city. April 23, 1899, at his
residence, 800 Shrader street. Judge James
F. Breen, beloved husband of Kate McMahon
Breen, and father of Margaret and Grace
Breen, a native 'of lowa, aged 58 years 3
months and 2 days.
C?The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St. Agnes
Church. Masonic avenue, near Page street.
Interment San Juan, by 2:45 o'clock train
from Valencia and Twenty-fifth streets.
BUTTNER— In this city, April 22, 1899, Chris-
• tina, relict of the late Herman Buttner,
mother of Charles Huttner. and stepmother of
Clara Buttner, a native of Germany, aged 48
years.
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
-1 fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street, near
Fifth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
COLEMAN— In this city, April 23, 1899, Yr-tta,
beloved wife of Meyer Coleman, and beloved
mother of Joseph and Charles Coleman, a na-
tive of Poland, aged 80 years.
CONNELL— In this city, April 23, 1899, Michael
F.. dearly beloved son of Michael and Eliza-
beth M. Connell, and brother of Anthony,
John, Patrick, Thomas. Mary and Margaret
Connell, a native of San Francisco, aged 8
years and 5 months,
(^lnterment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
GRIFFIN— In Tomales, April 23. 1899, Ellen,
widow of John Griffin, and mother of Mrs.
J. B. O'Connor, James, Lizzie and Frances
Griffin, and the late Mrs. P. Mulvenay and
Mrs. J. S. Phillips, a native of County Clare,
Ireland.
(TT^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at Tomales, on arrival of 7 o'clock
train from San Francisco.
HAGGLUND— In this city, April 22. 1899. Helen
Marian, Infant daughter of John G. and Marie
N. Hagglund. a native of San Francisco, aged
7 months and 9 days.
CX lnterment private this day (Monday), at
10 o'clock.
HART— In this .city, April 22, 1899, Babette
Hart, beloved mother of Mrs. Isaac Sachs.
Mrs. Jacob Schweitzer and Jacob. Moses and
David Hart, a native of Furth, Bavaria, aged.
80 years 8 months and 6 days. .
E7"Funeral and interment strictly private.
HOYT— In this city, April 22, 1599, Infant child
of Hereward Hoyt, deceased, a native of. San
Francisco.
JACKSON— In the City and County Hospital.
April 23, 1899, William Jackson, a native of
South Carolina, aged 24 years.
KELLY— this city, April 22. 1599, James, be-
loved son of Mr. and Mrs. James Kelly, and
brother of Joseph, John, William, Luke, Mary
and Nellie Kelly, a native of San Francisco,
aged 11 years 8 months and 7 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 620 Chestnut street, thence to
St. Francis Church, where a mass will be
said for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
KlNG— Berkeley, April 22, 1899, Michael, be-
loved husband of Mary King, and father of
Hugh and the late Katie King, a native of
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 70 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at. 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2132 Parker street. East Berkeley,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
LEAVITT— into rest, in this city,
April 23, 1599, Charles H., beloved husband
of Catherine Leavitt, and stepfather of Mrs.
Annie Page and Jennie McDonald, "a native
of York, Me., aged 69 years 11 months and 6
days.
[ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 620 Ellis street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. •
LOUDENSLAGER— this city. April 23, 1899,
Thomas Loudenslager (better known as
Thomas Rosa), dearly beloved son of Agnes
Loudenslager, and brother of Mrs. John de
Angeles, a native of New Orleans, aged 54
years 5 months and 11 days. (New Orleans
and Balitlmore papers please copy.)
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), from his late residence, 702 Cali-
fornia street, thence to St. Mary's Church.
California and Dupont streets, where a high
mass will be said for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
I MITCHELL— In the City and County Hospital.
April 22, 1899, James Mitchell, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 32 years.
MITCHELL— In this city, April 22, 1599, John
F. Mitchell, beloved father of John F.. Wil-
liam H. and Marguerite J. Mitchell and Mrs.
T. Fox, and brother of Patrick Mitchell, a
native of County Lietrlm, Ireland, aged 74
years and 12 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the residence
of his son, 214' i Clara street, between Fifth
and Sixth, thence to St: Mary's Cathedral.-
Van Ness avenue, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
OCKEY— In this city, April 23, 1599, Precious,
beloved daughter of Harry L. and Isabel
Ockey, and niece of Mary. Sadie. James. Ed-
ward, John and Eugene Fitzgerald, a native
of San Francisco, aged 7 years 9 months and
4 days.
lE? lnterment private.
PORTER— In the City and County Hospital,
April 23, 1899, Joseph Porter, a native of Ire-
land, aged fiO years.
McQUAIDE —An anniversary requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of the
soul of the late Mrs. Mary E. McQuaide at
Mission Dolores Church, corner Sixteenth and
Dolores streets, to-morrow (Tuesday), com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Friends and acquaint-
ances are most respectfully invited to attend.
PLUMMER— In this city. April 23, 1899, Dr.
Richard H.. beloved husband of Belle H.
Plummer, and stepfather of M. W. Plummer.
a native of Ohio, aged 58 years 11 months and
6 days.
ETTNotiee of funeral hereafter.
POINTER— ApriI SO, 1899, Nathan* Pointer,
brother of Rev. John, Ellen and Charles
Pointer and Mrs. J. T. Callender, a native of
Philadelphia, Pa., aged 52 years.
[t?FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at th»
parlors of N. Gray <£- Co., 641 Sacramento
street. Interment private In Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
RYNES— In this city, April 22. 1899. Rodger
Rynes. a native of Essex Center, Vt., aged
63 years.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, thence to Mission Dolores Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
SCHAEFER —In this city, April 22. 1599.
Charles P., beloved husband of Augusta
Schaefer, and lather of Bert, Charles and
Clarence Schaefer, a native of Germany, aged
47 years 9 months and 20 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall. Seventh and Market streets, under the
auspices of Western Addition Lodge No. 285,
I. O. O. F.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD— Golden Gate
Camp No. 64: ■ Members are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late neighbor,
diaries P. Schaefer. from Odd Fellows' Hall,
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock. Wood-
men services at the cemetery. By order
A J. WEINERT, Consul Commander.
D. OLIVER JR.. Clerk.
SMITH— In this city. April 23. 1899. Frank, be-
loved son of John and Louisa Smith, and
brother of Agnes and Christopher Smith, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 years and
11 months.
URY— In San Leandro, April 23. 1?99, Fannie,
dearly beloved wife of DavM Ury, and most
dearly beloved mother of Sol H.. Felix.
Aaron, Sarah, Joseph and Isaac B. Ury. Mrs.
V>' I Wallis of San Francisco and Mrs. R.
Coura'nt of Oakland, a native of Mersheim.
Bavaria, Germany, aged 67 years 2 months
and 28 days. (New . York and New Orleans j
papers please- copy.)
ir7"rhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Interment Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland.
WARHAM— In Oakland, April 22. 1899, Kath-
erlne Warham, beloved mother of Percy Rob-
ert, Audley Ernest and Reginald William
Warham, a native of Ireland, aged 51 years
9 months and 4 days.
WHEELER— In Oakland. April 22. 1899. James
Perclval Wheeler, father of D. R. and Fran-
cis E. Wheeler of Oakland and Mrs. T. G.
Winston of Seattle, a native of New Bruns-
wlck. aged 60 years and 12 days.
HENRY J.j GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & GaUigher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMEALMER9,
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. , ;
McftVOY «fc CO., I
FUNEKAL. DIHEeTORS & EMHaL-CBBUI 1
I_S5 Market st. between co., B
ITOEKAL DIRECTORS & EMBaLUBHI I
US6 Market sL. between Bth and »Uu
Telephone. Bout 247. - |
1112
IS HE THE
STRANGLER?
The Police Think They
Have the Mysterious
Fiend.
Harry Wilson, a Mulatto, Is Sus=
pected of Killing Several
Women.
LOCKED up in the tanks in the City
Prison is a mulatto whom the police
strongly suspect of being th" strang
ler .who murdered May McPermott
and Bertha Paradls, creatures of the
tenderloin, several years a?ro. He is
known as Harry Wilson, alias John
Castro, alias John Gonzales He was ar
rested last Thursday night and secretly
Imprisoned in the tanks.
Convinced that he is the man for whom
they have been looking; since the murders
of these two unfortunate women. Cap-,
tain of Detectives Bohen. anxious to ob
tain the necessary evidence apainst him.
has enjoined his men who made the ar
rest to maintain strict silence.
The specific crime for which the, al-
THE STRANGLER AT WORK ON MORTON STREET.
• ' was com- |
ling. Shortly after
treet, and after
was a cattle king
from ■ ds. veral bottl<
mporary
the lai room and gol
BWa> :::ing $210.
T'nki the
I
neighl ■ ■ ■ large port
the r tolen from her. A
few t ppeai ance Mrs.
I
Fumn. ; .. ■ '■ irvis, whose beat
Is i:. the h vicinity. He made a I
Fearch for the thief, but was unab
find him. Several : iter Wilson
visited thi housi of Mrs. Roberts ai 303
Butter id was at < gnized
by her as the man who several years ago
attemptc c her. Mrs. Huberts
called a , who placed Wilson
under ai ctives Gibson and
Wren, wh< i >n the
; nized Wilson as the
indtv. ■ they have been
looking ii ■ ■ on suspicion of be-;
Ing the n. . the Mcl
Parad ■ prisoner was imm v - :
irtera and
He
■ Mons.
t>ut finallj admitted that he was in this j
city a t the time of the murders. After
instructing his men not to say anything:
ctives
i in the tanks
g furthei ion.
yesterday he was positively identified
Ty M ne Bush oi .::■ Sutter street as the
man who about four years ago attempted
to strangle her. Slm screamed for
and one of the •■ the house en
tered her room. Wilson grabbed
purse containing $70 and ran downstairs.
According t ■ the police the prisoner Is
a desperate criminal. Some time ago he I
entered th< I Mrs. Griffin, « ho
conducts i house on Powell street, near
Kills, and aftei
h Montana cati ■ managed to get
away with her • talning a small
amount of money. Subsequently he visit
ed the house of t;:;;<- Belmont on stock-!
ton street, and after spending consider
able money robbed while Bhe
was asleep. A colored servant discovered
him trying to l<
pectlng something wrong, Bhe asked him
where he wa H<- promptly
knocked her down, and quickly opening
the door disappeared in the darkn<
The victims of the daring crook re
ported their losses to the police and strict
instructions were given to the patrolmen
to arrest him.
While the detectives and policemen
wen- scouring the city for Wilson !■
ited the disreputable house of Mrs.
rd, at 123 Ellis street, and pretend
ed to be smitten with her charms. While
they wore in a room on the upper Boor
Wilson seised his unsuspecting victim by
the throat and, after almost strangling
her. threw her OV< r the banister to the
floor below. He then entered her private
apartments and Btole $400. The inma
the ).■ ■ ng him running downstairs,
attempted to stop him. but were unsuc
cessful. An excellent description of the
man was furnished the police, and from
it they ..ixluded tl • I the mdii
i for whom they had been searching.
Wilson, it is claimed, also won the
fidence i f Mine. Bulehs, at 314 Stockton,
and succeeded in relieving her of her
purs< ci nta Ining f56.
From the description given of the thief
Captain Bohen was satisfied that he was
the Strangler who had murdered several
■women hi Denver as well as in this city.
lit believes that Wilson strangled May
McDermott, who occupied a den on Mor
treet On the night of February 9,
1896, a woman who was friendly with Miss
McDermott knocked at the door of her
house and, laling to get a response, de
tprmlnc<| to force an entrance. (Joing to
the rear Bhe opened the window and saw
the unfortunate woman lying in bed, ap
parently lifeless. She summoned a police
officer who broke open the door. On the
bed lay the inmate dead, with a towel
tightly tied around her neck. An exam
i that she had died from
strangulation.
Several women on the street declared i
that they had seen "a dark man" enter
the house occupied by the murdered
woman a short time before her dead body
was discovered. They described him as
being: of medium height, thick set and
a stubby mustache. He looked like
!iiard, so they claimed, and in fact
might be taken for a negro.
While the detectives were searching; for
the brutal murderer of the unfortunate
woman another outcast in the person of
Bertha Paradis, who occupied a house on
B( rry street, was found dead, having
strangled to death, presumably by the
fiend. As in the case of the Me
'■. woman, there wen of her
who saw "a darh man"
who looked like a negro hastily leave the
house, after the commission of tin brutal
crime.
tain of Detectives Bohen, who was
led to ferret out the mur- i
:ame com lnc< d, alter a short
I h crimea were com-
I by the same man. lie was also
satisfied that t'" -.>r was a mu
latto who managed to keep his identity a
er working on the case for several
months Bohen, satisfied that the mur
• • , gave up all hopes
catching him.
When Wilson was taken to police hend
qarters Thursday night the veteran de
tective at once recognized him from a
description of the "Spaniard" as the man
for whom he had been searching. !)•■
■closelj ■ ■ .i him. and, failing to s>~-r
:, decided answer from him. he ordered
the detectives to lock him up in the tanks.
Tin- following day Bohen, morally certain
that he is the much wanted strangler,
Hgain questioned him, but failed to draw
from him anything that would tend to
incriminate him.
"Wilson claims that he is a gambler and
admits having been in Denver when sev
eral women were foully murdered. lie
ridicules the suspicion thai he is the
strangler and claims to be able to prove
his Innocence when is is necessary. He
also disclaims any connection with the
murders of the Paradis and McDermott
women.
While convinced that Wilson is the
much wanted strangler. the police have
little hope of convicting him. They, how
ever, intend to book him on at least two
charges of grand larceny in robbing the
women of the tenderloin, and possibly an
;lt to murder in throwing the Leon
ard woman downstairs, provided that she
will const nt to swear to the complaint
against him.
SUCCESSFUL PICNIC.
Schleswig Holsteiner Verein Enter
tains at Shell Mound Park.
Notwithstanding the Inclemency of the
weather over 800 people attended the lifth
annual picnic of the Schleswig-Holsteiner
Verein ai Sh< 11 Mound Park yesterday.
The various amusements on the grounds
were well patronized, and dancing in ihe
lurgo pavilion to the music nf an oxeel
and also came In for ;i large, share
ition.
Thi' committee of arrangements, to
whom the success of the affair whs due.
consisted of .Tom Jopp id, airman), Cord
Both and Reinhold Bode.
Th< ■ ihe direction of
nneß Garben, floor manager, and
nnes Jarr, assistant flour man
ager.
The raffle committee comprised Charles
Buch and John Schmidt, and numerous
prizes were awarded at the wheel of
fortune.
Johannes yon Ronn and Captain C.
er constituted the crate committee.
The Schleswig-Holstcmer Verein in a
social and beneficial organization that
h.-.s been in existence for five years and
counts ISO members. Its officers are:
President, Joseph Nagel; vice-president,
John Jopp; secretary, Charles R. Storm
er; treasurer. Cord •Bode; trustees—
Henry Mohr, Peter Fedde, Henry Kuntz
int-at-arma, Captain C. Denker
Tried to Rob a Clothing Store.
When M. Solomon, who conducts a sec
ond hand clothing establishment at 30
.Mission street, visited his store last' even-
Ing he found Frank Moran and a com
panion attempting to force an en
trance. Both the men were under
the influence of liquor. Officer Gallway
cptured Moran. but his "pal" escaped
Motan was booked on a charge of at
tempted burglary.
Japanese Accused of Theft.
A Japanese named Peetekaxa Kiazo was
arrested last evening on a charge of petty
larceny preferred by Mary Maplatana, a
Japanese woman. Hoth are domestics in
a residence on Hyde street, and the
v.<man alleges that Kiazo robbed her of
$20.
Mormon Apostle Preached.
Apostle ]\. J. Grant of the Mormon
church of Salt Lake City delivered a
stirring Eermon last evening at Pythian
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1899.
Castle to the local branch in this city of
the Latter-day Saints. The hall was
crowded to hear the reverend gentleman,
and at the close of the service he was
tendered an Informal reception by the
members of the church.
NOTED DIPLOMAT HERE.
Senor C. Moria Vicuna Arrives in
This City From Washington.
Senor C. Moria Vicuna, the Chilean rep
resentative to this country, arrived at
the Palace yesterday morning 1 , coming di
rectly from "Washington. He is accompa
nied by his wife and four children.
Senor Vicuna is perhaps the most
prominent diplomat known to the minis
terial service of Chile. In IS7O he was
sent t.i Washington as secretary of the
Chilean legation. Since that time he has
been lirsi secretary of the London lega
tion, tirst secretary of the Paris lega
tion. Minister Plenipotentiary to Uru
guay, Paraguay and the Argentine. Re
public, and Secretary of State of his own
country. At present Senor Vicuna is the
accredited Minister to this country and
Japan.
NATIVE SONS ARE OFF.
A Large Delegation Takes the Train
for Salinas.
Ran Francisco's delegates to the Grand
Parlor of Native Sons, which opens this
morning at Salinas, delegates from other
parlors throughout the State bent in tho
same direction and many members of lo
cal parlors left the depot at Third and
Townsend streets at 9 o'clock yesterday
morning bound for the county seat of
Monterey County. The scene at the depot
was the liveliest witnessed for a year.
There was music in the air and the per
fume of orange blossoms and spring flow
ers. There was plenty of music and fly
in;,' banners and floating streamers and
any number of peop^j to see the boys off
fur tluir destination. A long line of gayly
decorated cars had been provided for the
delegates to the Grand Parlor and their
fellows, and when the whistle blew ami
the bell clanged for the start they were
whisked out of the yards and on their
way amid such a burst of cheers as has
waked the echoes on the shores of
Mission Baj for many a moon.
.!il it the passengers is a wr»k filled
with all tho pleasant things Hint tho
members of the order and the citizens of
;!-! possibly crowd into such a
limited period. This morning the d< U -
to tho Gr.nnd Parlor will bo escort- i
ed to the Grand Opera House where the
organization will bo perfected, in the
aften will !>•■ an excursion to
the BUgar factory and in the evening a
public reception at the Opera Hous<
Tuesday morning, after a short session of
the Grand Parlor, will come the \,\ X
parade. j n the afternoon there will be a
il game and at night a ball at the
armory. On Wednesday there will be an
excursion to Monterey, Del Monte and
• Orovo. Thursday the Grand Par
lor will be in session all day. the princi
pal business being the ■ lection of officers.
A NOVEL KENNEL.
Italian Greyhounds to Be at the
Bench Show.
The entries for the KenHi Show have
closed with the exception of those mailed
from the country and the East. The re
sults have surpassed the fondest ex
! pectations of the "ommitte.e. It Is,
of course, too soon to give the
classification of breeds; but it may
asserted with safety that this
show will he the largest ever held
west of the Rocky Mountains. It will,
moreover, possess the added attraction of
being the first Western show to witness
I the competition of Eastern cracks with
'• our local dogs.
Mr. Bushnell'S Le Prince Junior will
meet with strenuous opposition In his at
t< mpl to catch the blue ribbon for
Bmooth-coated St. Bernards. The very
best of our rough-coated specimens of
the holy breed will possibly meet with
Waterloo. <>n the other hand, the.
Eastern candidates for honors will not
everything their own way. Verona
kennel's English setter Gladstone TV will
take a l"t of beating, and Alec Truman
thinks thai it will take a mighty smart
downeaster to give him cards and
spades on iri^h setters. Norman D'Eve
■ lyn's Defender, J. B. Martin's Golden
Flash and Rev. J. W. Flinton's Alden
Swagger make a trio of fox terriers to
beat which the East must put up a
mighty pood dog; md if Mrs. Harry
Carlton's Koston terrier Bessie is to be
beaten the Ajthena of America, must send
. its very best representative.
A feature of this show will be the ex
hibition by Mrs. Deane of a kennel of
Italian greyhouds, the only kennel of
: the kind ever seen .it a bench show In
! the United States. This, kennel will un
doubtedly prove a , great attraction to
; all visitors to ttie show, as a chance to
see the like may never recur.
The total number of entries received in
San Francisco amounts to 556. In addi
tion to these the entries taken at the
branch office in Oakland and those in
the mails from the country and the
Easi will probably swell the total to
something over 700.
Mrs. Frank P. Medina Dead.
Mrs. Frank P. Medina, wife of District
Electrician Medina of the Postal Tele
graph Company, passed away on Satur
day evening after an illness of six weeks.
Typhoid fever was the cause of death.
i She leaves four children— a hoy of 14
years and three younger daughters. The
funeral will take place at 2 o'clock this
j afternoon from Weaver's undertaking
; parlors, lf>o2 Park street, Alameda.
"Jacu" McDonald Killed.
DENVER, April 23.— A special to the
Republican from Victor. Colo., says:
"Jack" McDonald, a cousin of Alexander
McDonald, the "Klondike King." was
killed to-day by a rock falling down a
shaft of tlie Little Montana mine. A top
man named Crady has been arrested for
carelessness in handling the ore car.
TLATE DAY.
• Some articles cut 60 per cent. -
Some articles cut 50 per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
A NEW HOTEL MAY
RISE FROM THE
BALDWIN ASHES
"Lucky" Trying to Form a
Stock Company.
He Is Planning for a Structure to Cost
Two Million and a Half-The
Two-Story Horror.
IT Is not fo certain after all that there
will not he a magnificent hotel rising
from tho ashes of the old Baldwin.
Despite liis threats to huild an un
i sightly two-story structure ;md maintain
! it in the face of popular clamor, Lucky
j Baldwin is beginning to look around for
I some one to help him in the latest plan
; which his fertile brain has been concoct
ing. He is planning to build a hotel the
. like of which was never seen west of New
York-one which will put the Palace ten
years behind it in grace and comfort and
which will be known wherever travelers
travel or people make a transient home.
The new structure is not an assured
| thing as yet. hut the plan is being
hatched and all the planner wants is help
from some who have money and courage
to form a stock company. If people want
a fine building on the old corner let them
come forward and help out, is what Bald
win says. lie does not want Eastern*
capital; he wants home capital, and if It
is not forthcoming when his stork com
pany is ready to he floated, why then the
Bite of the old hotel can get along with a
I two-story substitute raised 'on what walls
the fire left standing.
The building Baldwin has in his mind is j
a twelve-story pile of brick and stone. It j
will be built around a central court, and :
in this court will be the office. Looking ;
I down Into the oflice from each floor will
in galleries and promenades, and a roof
of glass will be over all. There will be no
theater; Baldwin has had enough of
theaters, hut there will be everything
else. The floors will be of tile with fig
ures in mosaic; the walls will be deco
■ rated with the finest frescoing; the rooms,
1200 of them, will be furnished in the best ;
and most modern style, and the beds will
all be of lacquered iron. The lower stor
ies will be of stone and the remainder
of terra cotta. As planned the building
ggests the facade of the Mills build- 1
the same arch effect being Intro
duced from the lower story up to just
; below the cornice. It will be absolutely
fireproof, well lighted, well aired. It will
cost $2,600,000 to build on the plans of the
millionaire, and he is already trying to
form the company to raise the money.
Such is tli- plan rapidly nearing definite
shape. It is all with an If, however, for
should the stock company Bcheme not
mi i success the old !i]> a "f a two-story
horror may be adopted instead. The two
story building is likely to go up anyway,
but if so it may not remain longer than
until the big building is ready to start,
but if it should happen that the hig
building should not start. Baldwin says
he will be satlfied with what the sma.ll
structure will bring him.
"1 can put up a two-story building for
a few thousand dollars," he reasons,
"and I can get several thousand dollars
a month out of it from stores. I'm sure
it would pay for itself In two months any
way, and then it would make me Inde
pendent and I could look around and see
what I could do toward getting a better
building. I want the people of this city
to heity me, though. If they want a fine
buildinp on that lot they have got to help j
me. i want to form a company and they
can come in and take stock. It will )»■ a
good investment, for there is not a better
site for a hotel anywhere in the rlty and
there would be no trouble in realizing on i
it. The people here want too much,
though. They don't want to put their
money into anything that won't pay them
big interest. They could get ?,'■_• or t per
cent out of this; that's as good as Gov
ernment bonds, hut I don't suppose you
can get anything out of this city. I don't
want Eastern capital. [f the "people of
this City want a good building there they
can have it, but they have got to help
build .it."
Report had it that Baldwin had already
proceeded as far as mortgaging enough
of his property to raise a million dollars,
AN EMINENT JURIST
GONE TO HIS REWARD
Ex-Superior Court
Judge James F.
Breen Dies of
Pneumonia After
a Brief Illness.
IN THF death of ex-Superior Court
Judge J:imfs F. Breen, which oc
curred at ii:L'o o'clock yesterday
morning sit his residence, 800
Schroder street. California loses
an eminent jurist and an honored
citizen. For thirty-fUe years the de
ceased wan in public life,' and during
that time besides earning for himself
a. name that was synonymous, for hon
esty. Integrity and fairness, he also
rendered California distinguished sei
vices both upon the bench and in her
legislative halls. Judge Rreen had
hren in declining health fnr over two
years, and about a year ago he broke
up his home in Hollister. and, with
his family, came to San Francisco t° Uve, in hopes tliat he would he bene
fited by the change. On Monday las* tie was taken with an attack of
asthma, which later developed into pneumonia that resulted in his death.
The funeral services will take place about noon to-day, the services hemfr at
St. Agnes' Catholic Church, and the body will lie taken to Hollister for in
terment.
Judge Brccn. who was one of the last survivors of trie Dormer party,
was born January 21, IK4I, near Keokuk, lowa. ]n 1546 his father moved
with his family to the Sacramento Valley, where Judge Breen spent his boy
hood. He entered Santa Clara College In 1557, and graduated with high hon
ors four years latpr. He 'then entered the law office of Clark & Carpentier,
of Pan Francisco, and in 18R2 was admitted to practice in the Supreme
Court. He next returned to San .Tuan and began the practice of his profes
sion. In I^4 he was elected District Attorney, and such an enviable record
did he make while, holding that office and so faithfully did he discharge his
duties that he was re-elected In 1566. Four years later he was elected County
Judge and served In that capacity until 1574, when, San Benito County being
formed from a portion of Monterey County, Judge Breen resigned his office
to remain a resident of San Benito County. Governor Booth then appointed
him Judge of the new county, and at the expiration of his term he declined a
re-election in order to take up the practice of law in Hollister. In 1577 he
was elected to the Assembly, and while representing his county be served
on the Judiciary. Public. Lands and Labor Investigating committees of the
House. Just after the adoption of the new constitution, in 1R79. Judge
Breen was elected Superior Judge, and was re-elected in ISB4 and IS9O. At
the expiration of his second term he resigned on account of his health and
in order to look after hla landed interests in the San Juan Valley.
In 1870 Judge Breen married Miss Kate Mcftlahon, whose father was one
of the pioneers, and she with two daughters, Margaret and Grace, survive
him.
The news of Judge Breen'a death was received with profound expressions
of sorrow. He was well known all over California, and had a host of
friends, who admired and respected him for his many sterling qualities. He
was a member of the Catholic church.
hut he says the only money he has In
sight is the proceeds from the sale of
some property which will net him $50,000.
With this, he says, he intends to start in
on the two-story building and get that
Into shape as soon as possible. That done,
he will go to work on his stock company.
There are also well-defined reports that
Baldwin is anxious to sell the old hotel
site, but it is a big piece of property and
the old man does not wish to cut it up.
If he sells it at all he wants the whole
thing to go together, hut if he can get
his stock company going there will be no
necessity for selling it.
His plans are still indefinite— all hut" the
two-story building— but whether that wlil
be a temporary or a permanent structure
remains to he seen. If it should give
place to such a building as the million
aire is now planning the tire will not have
been altogether in vain.
ON OAKLAND LINKS.
Nine Players Qualify to Enter the
Captain's Cup Contest.
On Saturday afternoon the qualifying:
competition for the captain's cup took
place on the links of the Oakland Golf
club. The cup is a handsome silver
trophy presented by Orestos Pierce, cap
tain of the club, and is competed for
I semi-annually, the -winner gaining the
honor 'of having- his name engraved
thereon. A week before the actual cup
competition takes place a qualifying com
petition is held, no player making a
higher average than 50 for nine holes
over the short course, or than 55 for
nine holes over the long course, being
eligible for the cup contest. The follow
ing players qualified with the following
averages: W. P. Johnson and J. C.
McKee, 43: .1. M. Taft, 46; .7. A. Folger,
47; E. R. Folger, 48; G. D. Greenwood,
48; C. P. Hubbard, 19; R. A. Cooke. 50—
all over the short course. D. F. Belden
qualified with a score cf 55 over the long
course.
Next Saturday. April 29, the above
named will be entitled to take part in
the competition for the captains cup,
which was won six months ago by E.
R. Folger with an average of 45 per
round.
It has not been settled where the tie
between the Oakland and San Francisco
Golf Clubs will be played off, the choice
lying between the Burlingame, San Ra
fael and Del Monte courses. The San
Rafael course is hardly ready for play,
as no one competent to direct its lay
ing out has been in charge of it, and it
is felt that Burlingame In its soil and
general nature too closely resembles the
Presidio links to be strictly neutral. Sev
eral of the San Francisco players, too,
are members of the Burlingame Club, and
so are familiar with the course. Thus the
Del Monte links seem to be the only. ones
that meet the requirements of the case,
and it will probably be decided to play
here.
■ ♦ ■
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISK * 1»
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
The Mysterious.
"The Mysterious" was the subject of
H. B. Monges' address before the Univer
sal Brotherhood Society at the Academy
'of Sciences last evening. The lecture
proved an interesting one to the large au
dience which lilled the hall. The psy
chical and physical phases of the myste
rious in life were treated and well eluci
dated.
Sullivan Jury Disagreed.
The jury in the case of Cornelius ,T. Sul
livan, charged with murdering his father
in-law failed to agree upon a verdict and
was discharged last night. It stood live
for conviction and seven for acquittal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WASH FABRICS.
Our importations of above goods are
now complete.
Printed French Organdies, Scotch Printed Madras,
I2Jc, 15c, 25c and 35c yard 15c and 20c yard
Woven Egyptian Tissues, new Novelty White Goods,
fabric > r , 12ic, 15c, 20c and 25c yard
25c, 3Dc, 40c and 50c yard , ', ' A . r . .
Plain Colored Organdie Linings,
Printed Scotch and Irish Dimi- 40 inches wide, all shades,
ties I2!c yard
121 and 25c yard * y
Cotton Covert Suitings, a lull
English and French Printed assortment of shades,
Piques ' 12' c yard
15c, 20c, 30c and 40c yard u*j<uu
Fine Scotch Ginghams, in
Scotch Woven Cheviots, checks, plaids and stripes, . ,<
25c and 35c yard 20c and 25c yard
Linen Dress Crashes, plain To e dii Nord Zephyrs, In
and fancy, large variety>
12Jc, 20c and 25c yard 10c yard
An elegant assortment of Scotch Tennis Flannels, an im-
Printed Percales, dark, me- mense variety of new
dium and light grounds, styles,
121 c yard 30c and 50c yard
French and English White Plain White French Organ-
Corded Piques, die,
20c, 25c, 30c, 40c, 50c, 40c, 50c, 60c, '75c,
60c and 75c per yard $1.00 and $1.25 yard
100 pieces French Printed Flannels, latest
colorings, in assorted dots and stripes.
SAMPLES SENT FREE TO ANY ADDRESS.
(Stinnett
111, 113. 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG
BDWEM
SCO
California women owe part of
their health and beauty to salads of
which they eat so frequently
Sierra Mad re olive oil makes de-
lightful salad — healthful— pleasing
—quart 85c
We will ship goods free to Manila
for the soldiers — now is a good
time to order
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Canned fruits O C i£c
regularly 20c tin — heavy syrup
Our family grade
Tomato catsup 15c
regularly, 20c bottle — our battling
Salad eSS\nglSierra Madre 2 5C
regularly 30c bottle
Pure oil and made by an expert
H & H-(Soap) lOC
regularly izHc — house — washes
linoleums carpets rugs laces curtains silks
draperies ribbons plush wool— removes grease
from all woolen guois
Brook trout 20c
reg'ly 25c -2-lb tin
Ready to eat — for luncheons
We sold a big lot last sale
Window screens 20c & 30c
regularly 25c and 35c here
small 17 in. high 22 in. closed 33 in. open
large 24 " ' F 24 " " 37 " "
You'll need them now
Scrub brushes— reg'iy 20c I r;c
house cleaning time— good tools good
work
DllSt pans— 25c 2OC
steel edge— built for wear
Facepowderßo<7ercfc'(?aw«« 40c
reg'ly 50c— made in Paris
Windy season is coming
Dentifrice— 2for6crc
reg'ly 40c bottle
Pinaud's goods haven't a better
Puree de foie gras 20c
reg'ly 25c tin $2.85 dozen
Rich goose liver paste flavored with
truffles
Sardines— reg'ly i2}c tin lOC
For picnics and luncheons
Tomatoes in glass jars 20c
reg'ly 20c— packed
Selected and packed for particular folks
Vermouth — French 6oc
reg'ly 65c bottle
Noilly Prat & Co
Malt Whiskey— WmPenn jsc
reg'ly $1 bottle— health builder
Vr.rtray goods are good goods
Vartray ginger ale $i 25 dozen
Vartray soda water $1 25 dozen
Vartray seltzer water $1 25 dozen
Send postal for illustrated catalogue
Big orders and little orders shipped
promptly— and we know how to pack
Wholesale prices on wholesale orders
M'nes ranches ships railroads supplied .
432 Pine 215 Sutter 18* California San Francise*
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
Gall, $1.00 per Year
RADKE & CO., j
118 Sutter Street, 5
ARE SHOWING;
• Ladies' Silver Shirt Waist Sets for summer- I
50c to $2.50
Ladies' Silver Sash Belts, from... to $5.00
Gents' Silver Cuff LinKs 75c up :
, Silver Stick Pins... 2sc up, very cHoice patterns
MAIL ORDERS A SPECIAL FEATURE. 1
GRAND CLOSING- OUT SALE.
PERSIAN
To Be Sold at AUCTION,
THIS DAY (Monday), April 24.
At 10:30 a. m. an.l 2:3o* p. m.
1:25 GEARY ST.
Every Rug Will be sold out regardless. You
can not afford to miss this sale 1£ you want
preat bargains in rare Rafrs.
TURKISH RUG CO.
A. W. T>OTir>ERBACK, Auctioneer.
Eastman Kodak Co.'s Latest Products.
No. 2 Folding Pocket Kodak—
PICTURE 3%x3',£. PRICE 915.
No. 4 Panorama Kodak —
PICTURE 3%x12. PRICE $20..
And always a complete stock of cameras and
photo supplies. . 'Well-known goods only.
PnciANsX>*™i
642 Market St. instruments
Wllta CHOMICIfc BUUDIHI.
000000000000000000
•*» PALACE '■"■!'%
%CRAND »°tels o
a BAN FRANCISCO. q
** Connected by a covered passageway.
® 1400 Room— 9oo wi h Bath Attached. *»
O All Under One Manajremsnt. O
O MOTE THE PRICES: O
O European Plan. «1.00 per day and upward O
£ American Plan.*3.oO per day^d upward ft
O Correspondence Solioited. *»
0 J(»H 0. EIRZPATBIOE. Manager O
000000000000000000
13R.MCNULTY.
mills WELIrKSOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
L Speci»llsccur<4 Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases 0/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Mac.free. Over2oy'rs' experience.
Patients cured M Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
t03da11y:6.30t08:30 eT'gß.Snnd«n, lOtolS. Consul-
tation free and sacredly con tideaual. Call, or address
P. KOBCUE McSULTY, M.D.
26' 2 Krarny St., Kan Francisco. Cal.
' Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlsine and specific tonla
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of tha
kidneys and bladder. A treat Restorative,
lnvigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. AL.FS & BRUNE. Agents.
822 Market street, a F.— (Send for Circular.)
1 K|fT|ifti^a{mV^iTy^mL^iH3oi3-ff'^^j I