VOLUME LXXXV— NO. 100.
SMITH IN POSSESSION
OF HIS GOVERNMENT
BACOLOD, Negros Island, March
4, via Manila, March 9. After a
pleasant voyage the steamship
St. Paul, carrying the deputa
tion from Negros Island, Colonel
James F. Smith, first American Gov
ernor of Negros, and the First Battal
ion of the First California Regiment,
Major Slme commanding, arrived at
Iloilo- on March 3. As the vessel entered
the harbor at midday it found the ar
tillery in action and General Miller's
command advancing into the cocoanut
plantations at the right of the Amer
. ican line.
I learned from the officers on the
cruise: Boston that General Miller,
fearing an organized and strong attack
upon the town, had requested assist
ance in lar ling. Captain Wilde was
unable to accede to this request, owing
to the fact that a portion of his crew
was at Cebu.
It was at first expected that the Call
fornians would land and assist General
Miller's forces, but on landing I met
General Miller returning from the front
and learned that it was only a false
alarm.
Hollo was terribly wrecked by the in
surgent incendiaries and presents a
scene of desolation. Magnificent resi
dences and great warehouses were to
tally destroyed. General Miller and his
staff are confident they can hold the
town. The insurgent strength is not
definitely known, but it is believed that
there are 20 0 men armed with fire
arms and 2000 .men. They follow
similar tactics to those of -the natives
at Manila, dropping irritating shots
into the American lines throughout the
night, but never appearing in sufficient
strength to justify a resolute forward
movement. Few casualties are reported.
The St. Paul proceeded to Bacolod
and arrived at noon to-day. Company
A landed with Major Sime and myself.
We found a native guard of honor
drawn up on the beach and President
I.ar?"n of the local native Government,
whose party had arrived the previous
night, received us. The inhabitants
were amiably disposed and the Amer
ican nag was already flying from an
unfinished convent. All were prepared
for the reception of our troops.
Captain Millay of the Signal Corps
landed immediately and within half an
hour had reopened communication with
Iloilo by cable. The following message
was sent over:
The Governor, Congress and inhabitants
of Negros Island to General Miller. Iloilo:
We affectionately salute you and con
gratulate yourselves upon the happy ar
rival of Colonel Smith and the troops
under your orders, and beg you to send
this salutation to General Otis as the rep
resentative of the Government of the
L'nited States at Manila.
ANICITO LACSON.
Later in the afternoon Colonel Smjth
landed. lie was received with full
military honors by the native and Am
erican troops, the native band playing
a salute on the beach. Colonel Smith
was most cordially and enthusiastic
ally received, and as he has full power
to establish the native administration
under American control it will be in
teresting to watch this experiment to
gain the good will of the native race
and establish peace ajjain in these
beautiful islands.
As the landing is extremely difficult,
the natives carried Colonel Smith
ashore from his launch in a bamboo
chair amidst renewed and continued
cheers of the populace.
Bacolod is a small town with an a.v-
SAY DEWEY'S
CONDITION IS
FIRST CLASS
Denial of the Stories That
the Admirals Health
Is Broken.
He Can Come Home at Any
Time That He Asks for
Relief.
Special Dispatch to The fall.
NEW YORK, March 9.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: Instead of being seriously
ill. Admiral Dewey, according to re
ports brought to the Navy Department
by officers just returned from the
Asiatic station, is in excellent health
ana* desires to continue in his present
command.
Secretary Long told me to-day he has
never received from Admiral Dewey
any intimation which would lead him
to believe that that officer is ill or de
sirous of returning to the United
States.
"In fact," he said, "all. the informa
tion we have is just the other way. The
admiral knows that if he desires to re
turn he can do so at any time, and that
the department will willingly Issue or
ders to this end."
Mrs. Lee, who recently returned from
Manila, where she met the admiral on
board the Olympia, informed Secretary
Long several weeks ago that the only
change she found in the admiral's ap
pearance from that when she saw him
ln Washington was that his hair had
become white. Physically, she said, he
seemed in excellent condition.
Commander E. P. Wood, recently re
lieved from the command of the Petrel,
told the Secretary and other officials of
the department that Admiral Dewey's
health was excellent, and his statement
was confirmed by Lieutenant Com
mander C. P. Rees. who recently re
turned home from the Olympia.
None of the medical reports on file
n the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery
-how that Admiral Dewey has been a
Jay on the sick list or under treatment
ilnce he has been at Manila.
The San Francisco Call.
COLONEL JAMES F. SMITH.
I parently prosperous country behind it. I
1 most richly cultivated, the landscape
, being a mixture of Oriental luxuriant
vegetation and Occidental cultivation, j
'. It is the prettiest situation I have yet
seen in the Philippines.
The behavior of the American troops
toward the natives is admirable. The
battalion consists of Company A, Cap
tain John F. Connolly and Lieutenant
George T. Ballinger; Company B, Cap
tain George Filmer and Lieutenants
Ben B. Sturdivant and Albert. F.
Ramm; Company E, Captain William
R. Robertson and Lieutenants James
H. Jordan and Thomas P.. Howard;
Company H. Lieutenants Edwin Davis
and Philip T. O'Brien, Surgeon Major
William D. McCarthy. Lieutenant John
"West, adjutant and quartermaster.
Mr. Biddle, volunteer aid to General
Miller, was first ashore, swimming
from the launch through the heavy
OUR TROOPS LAND AT MALTA.
_- - ..... ... _ ... ,_,
6 Spectacle Calculated to Impress the Old o
| World With the Fact That an Excel- g
I lent Understanding Exists Between |
§ England and This Country. %
yALETTA Island of Malta March 9.— The United States transport Sheridan, from New York on February 19 for Manila, arrived here yesterday morning". By £
\/ permission of the Governor of Malta, General Sir Arthur James I yon Freemantle the American troops, consisting of 2000 men, landed to-day, and the Gov- $
V ernor, attended by his staff, inspected them on the Florian parade grounds. Subsequently the Americans marched past and created a splendid impression. £
♦ " Admiral Sir John O Hopkins, commander-in-chief of the' Mediterranean station, and Major General Lord Congleton, commanding the infantry brigade, ♦
I with their staffs, were present. There was also a large attendance of- naval men and members of the civil government, and an immense concourse of spectators. g
9 The troops on board the United States transport Sheridan consist of the Twelfth Infantry and a battalion of the Seventeenth. The detachment is com- |
0
± manded by Colonel Smith. g
_\mJ&^*^
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MARCH 10, 1899.
surf. There are about 200 armed na
tives here. The Remington rifle is their
chief weapon.
The attitude of the natives outside
the town is not definitely known, but
is believed to be friendly.
Upon their arrival at the Govern
ment house, Colonel Smith and Presi
dent Lacson exchanged greetings.
Thereafter resident Lacson enter
tained the American officers at a bril
liant dinner.
The following message was received
from Bago, an important coast town of
Negros:
Military Chief. First Division of the
South and Commission at Bacolod: We
send salutation to the senor. the colonel
of the American army, giving all wel
come to this island. At the same time
we congratulate- tlie Peace Commission on
the happy success of its mission.
This dispatch indicates the tendency
of the other 'parts of the island. 'The
message was addressed to President
Lacson.
LAWTON WILL
LEAD ADVANCE
UPON MALOLOS
Expected That the Forward
Movement Will Begin
at Once.
NEW GUNS FOR OTIS
No -Cessation of the War Until the
Filipinos Are Completely
Subdued.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA. March 10.— The
United States transport Grant,
which sailed from New York
January 19, having on board
Major General Lawton. the
Fourth Infantry and a battalion
of the Seventeenth Infantry, ar
rived this morning.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, March 9.
General Lawton is expected to arrive
at Manila to-morrow with I*3oo men,
and as. soon as th^y have had a chance
to stretch their limbs a general forward
movement against Aguinaldo's forces is
expected to begtn. The War Depart
ment realizes that thus far General
Otis has been 'so hampered by the
necessity of maintaining order a Ma
nila as to be unable to go to the front.
General Lawton, with Ids splendid rec
ord as an Indian fighter, is considered
a good man for this sort of work.
General Hale's movement toward San
Juan del Monte a few days ago is gen
erally considered to have been iri the
line o-f a reconnoissance in force, in
tended mcrrly to develop the strength
or weakness of the rebel position! Find
ing it so weak his men simply charged
in and drove the Filipinos before them.
. But In their advanced position, prob
ably advanced much further than Gen
eral Otis desired,: they must have been
exposed to the attacks of unseen sharp
shooters and were accordingly recalled
to their former posts. - -...•_.■-
-"V The War " DepatVmmt is • considering
the advisability <. Bending a fresh sup
ply of howitzers and some dynamite
guns to Manila. At present Gen.
Otis has all that he has asked for. but
in view of the probable change in the
method of warfare from defensive to
offensive and, the eel tain ty that much
! ordnance material will be used up or
destroyed it is thought advisable to
nd fresh supplies. General Otis is
well provided with siege guns, field
guns and mountain guns, but so far
there has been little opportunity to use
them. Hereafter there will probably be
some mountain climbing to do, and here
the mountain batteries will come into
play. They are light, weighing not
over 200 pounds, and can be packed on
Continued on Third Page.
ANARCHISTS
CLAIM CREDIT
FOR OUTRAGE
London Leaders Openly Say
They Caused the Tou
lon Explosion.
BLACKMAIL OF PAUSE
/
The French Authorities Seeking
to Make Light of the
Whole Affair.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, March 9.— London anar
chists assert that the responsibility for
the explosion in Toulon arsenal on Sun
day belongs to them. A French police
agent, who, under pretense of being
an anarchist, obtained their confidence,
found an elaborate plan of the Toulon
arsenal at the rooms of an anarchist
club in Dean street and also learned
that the dynamite cartridges used to
blow up *-'-.: magazine were obtained
from a quarry at -?-»~e_ near the Italian
frontier.
The same Investigator affirms that he
has obtained evidence of a successful
scheme of blackmail which has been
worked by the militant anarchists in I
the past two . ears. The plan is to ap- j
proach prominent personages by means
of a gentlemanly scoundrel who has
sufficient standing to obtain an inter
view. The caller submits a promise,
written on thin paper, guaranteeing to
the person approached Immunity from
all anarchist attacks upon the payment
of a specified sum, at the same time
saying, blandly: "It is useless to ar- j
rest me. If you make a hostile move
I shall swallow the paper and you can j
prove nothing. Besides it will cost you j
your life."
The demands have been so care
fully and skillfully made that they have ;
been successful eight times out of ten.
The tte President Faure paid*2o.ooo
francs for immunity and others -id in |
proportion to prominence. The funds l
thus collected have been deposited in
Switzerland, and, it is said, aggregate
a large sum.
It has become necessary to resume an
active anarchist campaign for advertis- j
ing purposes, and it is intimated that j
Paris will be the scene of the next dem- ;
onstration. it
PARIS, March Gaulois publishes
a dispatch from its correspondent at
Toulon saying the commission of in
quiry which has been investigating the
causes of last Sunday's magazine ex- ;
plosion attributes the disaster to acci
dent. The commission also believes the
alleged attempt to cause a second ex- j
plosion was a practical joke. The fif
teen cartridges found near the masa- |
zinc contained only blasting powder,
which was ten years old. and, conse- !
quently, harmless. ;
TOULON, March 9.— Six more bodies!
have been and in the debris of the
naval magazine which exploded- early j
Sunday morning near La Coubrain. i
One of the injured died to-day.
M. Lockroy, Minister of Marine, de
clares that he is still unable to ascer
tain the cause of the catastrophe.
IRELAND IS
TO BE MADE
A CARDINAL
Celebrated Churchman De
fines the Real Meaning
of "Americanism."
LONDON, March 10.— The Rome correspondent of the Post says;
Since the recovery of the Pope the question of '•Americanism" is be
ing eagerly discussed. The Pope's letter to Cardinal Gibbons was
prepared by Cardinal Satolli and Cardinal Camillo Mazzella, Prefect
of the Congregation of Sacred Rights, both of whom are strong ene
mies of Cardinal Gibbons and Archbishop Ireland, and the letter was
an absolute condemnation, in the original, of all American tendencies.
The Pope and Cardinal Rampolla, Papal Secretary of State, cut, ex
purgated and added to the draft until it was unrecognizable by the
authors Neither side is completely satisfied, but the real victory re
mains with the Americans, and it is said that the red hat will be be
stowed upon Archbishop Ireland as a mark of the Pope's approval.
LONDON, March 10.— The. Rome cor
respondent o-f the Daily Chronicle
telegraphs the substance of an in
terview he has had with Arch
bishop Ireland, in which the latter ex
plains his attitude toward "Hecker
ism" and his course during the Span
ish-American war. He describes Arch
bishop Ireland as having the "stem,
benevolent face of an apostle" and as
"terribly in earnest." remarking that
"the following colloquy may be taken
as a message to his friends and a reply
to the misinterpretations which, though
unintentional, he considers damaging
to a great cause." The correspondent
continues:
Archbishop Ireland expressed reluct
ance to enter upon a discussion of deli
cate questions; which, as he observed,
only time can lear up, but he said he ac
cepted this opportunity to dispel wrong
views and to give in a nutshell the max
ims considered essential to the human
working of the church.
The Archbishop then proceeded in this
wise:
Let me begin by disconnecting me new
word "Heckerism." 1 knew Father
Hecker well* and, like great minds, he
had views peculiar to himself. One of
these was the direct inspiration of the
Holy Ghost. This apparently daring doc
trine meant little more than godly -help
is not wanting to those displaying Initia
tive I frequently told him he was am
biguous and would be misunderstood and
this has happened. . . ; - .
Archbishop Ireland proceeded to ex
plain the Importance attached to the
natural virtues and said:
We maintain especially regarding the
rlererv that temperance and truthfulness,
frfr fn4r.ee. are so necessary that tbey
cannot be replaced by any purely devo
tional fidelity. An . intemperate - priest
eternizes his mission. A priest who
_.;.. personal casuistry to prevarica
tion and mental reserve only justifies the
enemies of the church in affirmations
which, though false, are heard lar and
wide.
The Archbishop then warmly pro
! tested against what he described as the
i groundless charge that he is inimical to
i the religious orders. He said he be
lieved ere was no nobler ideal con
ceivable than the monastic vows, but
he objected to parochial or educational
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
encroachments by the "regular" clergy,
those identified with religious orders or
bound by monastic vows, upon the
"secular" clergy, those not identified or
bound. The episcopacy and its sub
hierarchy were, he said, the real foun
dation of ecclesiastical work.
Referring to "the attempts the Jesuits
had made in the United States to pre
vent the establishment of the Catho
lic University at Washington, he said:
They wanted it themselves, but the
Pope pointedly warned me not to allow
the American Bishops to be caught in
their toils. My views on this subject aro
identitcal with the late Cardinal Man
ning's. To insinuate that Americanism
means the transformance of the religious
orders to the melting pot is a calumny.
They have produced countless saints and
have their own exalted mission, but
American Catholicism requires a priest
hood deeply imbued with natural and
civic virtues.
With reference to the war Archbishop
Ireland said:
Before it broke out I was pro-Spanish;
but when hostilities commenced 1 forgot
everything, except that I was an Ameri
can citizen, anointed to love and to serve
my country.
He could say nothing regarding the
disarmament congress. He might be
one of two representatives, or there
might be another and higher solution.
"I am at the double service," he re
marked, "of my spiritual offic-: and
temporal citizenship."
It would be impossible to reproduce
the flowing, sparkling French of the il
lustrious churchman whose elevation to
the cardinalate has only been adjourn
ed by the Fope's illness. ■
KIPLING MUCH BETTER.
And His Child Elsie Also Continue*
to Improve.
NEW YORK, March 9.— At 10 o'clock to
night it was announced that Mr. Kipling
was sleeping soundly and had been for
several hours. He wop reported as being
much better. During the afternoon Mr.
Kipling was transferred from his old sick
room to parlor 1, and seemed much
pleased at the change.
The child Elsie was so much improved
to-day that the physicians allowed the
little "brother into the room to play -with
his sister.
AGREE WITH
POPE LEO'S
TEACHINGS
Paulist Fathers Say They
Are in Spirit With the
Letter.
.
In a Communication to Rome They
Declare That They Entirely
Acquiesce in His Views.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 9.— The follow
ing official statement as to the action
of the Paulist fathers upon the publi
! cation of the recent letter of the Pope
] on Americanism, which touched upon
i the teachings of the late Father Heck
j er, the founder of the congregation of
! missionary priests of St. Paul the Apos
tle, as interpreted in Abbe Klein's
French translation of his life, was is
sued to-day:
"As soon as the Pope's letter to Car
| dinal Gibbons had been published in
j the dally papers the Paulist fathers
I sent a telegram to Cardinal Rampolla
j assuring him that they entirely ac
[ quiesced in the teachings of the holy
I father and that they would shortly send
I a letter expressing this more fully. This
i was, immediately prepared and sent. It
j makes a detailed statement of the abso
i lute obedience of the Paulist fathers to
i the letter and spirit of the Pope's teach-
I ings, quoting their rule as to the
' thorough spirit of obedience and loyalty
to Rome prescribed for the fathers.
"When a new edition of the 'Life of
Father Hecker' is prepared it will em
phasise the Pope's teaching and con
'■ form to his judgment in every respect."
None of the members of the Paulist
"■ community would give any further de
tails concerning the letter sent to the
; Pope, preferring that any further pub
lication regarding it should be made
, from Rome. Following is a copy of
the cablegram referred to above, which
was sent to Cardinal Rampolla im
'■ mediately upon the publication of the
j Pope's encyclical by the Rev. George
! Deshon, superior general:
"The Paulist fathers about to dis
i patch a letter of adherence; fully era-
I brace the teachings of Leo XIII."2
BURNS REPUDIATES
McLAUGHLIN'S ACTION
IN THE GREEN CASE
Dibble Follows His Master's Orders
And Makes a Change of Front.
GRANT MEN NOT CAUGHT WITH CHAFF
The Mexican Cannot Get the Followers of the
San Diegan to Turn the Stone While
He Grinds His Political Ax,
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 9.- This morning Dan
M. urns called upon Ulysses S. Grant
Jr. at his apartments in the Golden
Eagle Hotel and utterly repudiated the
action taken against Milton J. Green
yesterday in the Assembly by the
Burns forces under the leadership of
Frank. McLaughlin and Assemblymen
Dibble and Johnson.
This afternoon Assemblyman Dibble,
always the leader of the Burns faction
on the floor, prefaced the usual order of
business with a glittering eulogy of
Ulysses S. Grant and a resolution de
claring Mr. Green purged of all the
charges that have been brought against
him. He spoke- brilliantly to the reso
lution and utterly refuted every argu
ment he and his followers in the cause
of the Mexican made against an iden
tical measure presented yesterday.
Dibble's remarkable change of front,
the transformation in the aspect of the
entire Burns camp, the spectacle of
Dan M. Burns crawling on his knees at
the feet of their leader, were all so
sudden, unexpected and without prece
dent in their political experience, that
the Grant people are still agape and
wondering at the true significance of
the whole raw performance. But at the
tame time they are lined up more
solidly than ever against any under
hand scheme that the Mexican may be
meditating.
It was evident that the sympathy of
every member in the House was with
Dibble in the distasteful plight in
which his master's orders placed him.
Only yesterday, in speaking against a
motion to purge Green of contempt, he
said: "It is simply a question of
whether we are to disgrace this House
or whether we are not." To-day he
made the selfsame motion that he yes
terday branded as a disgrace, and in
speaking to it said: "I have never ac
cused the gentleman whose name has
been most mentioned in this affair of
wrongdoing in having extended assist
ance to candidates to this Legislature.
It has been an immemorial practice,
and there has never been any law
against it. It is high time we lifted
these charges."
Even his usual co-worker in things
pertaining to the Burns camp, Grove L.
Johnson, refused to stand by the
scheme which Dibble was forced to
father through the House. At the first
intimation of what c.as to come Mr.
Johnson escaped from the chamber and
did not return until Dibble's motion
had been carried. Then he explained
that he had a committee meeting to at
tend and to his regret was forced to be
absent for the first time when matters
of importance were being voted upon.
Jilson also declined to stand for the
scheme and threw his vote against it.
The Grant people gave no thanks for
this act of magnanimity on the part of
the Burns crowd toward the San
Diegan's political manager. Though
they did not know just what it all
meant it was patent to them that the
Mexican had an ax or so to grind, and
come what may they determined not
to turn the stone. The scene was a di
rect antithesis to that of yesterday.
The speeches made were those of Dib
ble, Fairweather, Belshaw, Feliz and
Burnett. The Grant people kept their
seats, sullen and silent, but just as
angry' as yesterday, and it was evident
that Burns had lost rather than gained
by his latest raw maneuver. Only one
of them got up to speak, and that was
Huber. His speech was of no length,
but It voiced the unanimous sentiment
of the Grant camp. He said he would
come to no compromise with Dan Burns
and would vote against Green's relief
if necessary rather than do so. He
counseled every one of Grant's people
to take the same stand, and If consist
ency permitted they would have done
so. As it was there were a number of
them who declined to vote at all. They
were Cargill, Radcliff, Blood, Raub,
Bliss and Clark. Ex-Speaker Wright
was present in the chamber, but de
clined to vote. That little $1650 transac
tion of his with Mr. Green was too
fresh in his memory to warrant his
mingling in a matter that struck so
close home.
Dibble's speech, upon presenting his
resolution, was a remarkable effort. It
demonstrated not only the speaker's
eloquence but his remarkable versatil
ity in being compelled to speak as con
vincingly upon one side of a question
as upon the other and with only a
scant twenty-four hours intervening.
Just before he began Mr. Foley brought
in a message from the Governor an
nouncing that Mr. Dibble's bill making
it a felony for any Senatorial aspirant
to assist legislative candidates with
money had . been signed with a great
deal of pleasure by the Executive, and
referring to this Dibble said:
"It seems to me that this is an op
portune time to pass such a resolution
as I have just sent to the desk and ter
minate these proceedings that have
dragged along for weeks and weeks
and done much to prevent the election
of a United States Senator.
"It has been known by every mem
ber Of the House that certain practices
have been pursued by Senatorial candi
dates to assist candidates to this Legis
lature in their election. In this connec
tion I want to say that I do not believe
or have ever said that any law has
been broken in doing so or any wrong
done. It has been a practice from time
immemorial for any one who had an
interest in the party to assist legisla
tive candidates. It is to be regretted
that such a practice has existed, but it
has, and it has become political cus
tom. -
"But now I think a. new era has
dawned in politics. We have just re
ceived word that the Executive has ap
proved my bill, which will make the
giving of such assistance a felony. We
cnn hope to see this practice abolished
with the going out of this Legislature,
and 7 think the time has come to get
rid of these proceedings and leave the
old era behind.
"It gives me great pleasure to say,
concerning the gentleman so often men
tioned in this case, the son of the most
distinguished soldier of modern times,
whose memory is cherished by all na
tions,, that 1 have never said and I have
never allowed to be said that he has
been guilty of anything that would tar
nish his name, and to demonstrate my
cordial feelings and friendship 1 hope
that this resolution I have offered will
prevail."
The applause came from the Burns
people; the Grant faction sat quiet and
uninterested to hear what Mr. Fair
weather, who next claimed the floor,
had to say.
"This reminds me," said he, "of that
old hymn. -While the light holds out to
burn the vilest sinner may return,' "
and the Grant people warmed up
enough to laugh.
"It gives me great pleasure." con
tinued he, "to second the motion of my
friend Dibble, and I am glad he has
come over to the right side."
Then Mr. Burnett of San Luis Obispo
got up. It was only the raw aspect of
the whole proposition that appealed to
Burnett and in saying so he subjected
Dibble to a scoring that no other mem
ber on the floor has ever dared indulge
in. Speaking directly to Dibble he asked
why this sudden reversal of his own
decree, what the incentive. Broadly he
insinuated it could be no honorable one.
He called up Dibble's rabid remark of
yesterday "that Green's dismissal
would mean the disgrace of the House."
Shaking his finger menacingly at
Burns' agent he shouted: "If you so
reverse yourself there is but one de
cision the people of the State of Cali
fornia will come to— that coin did it,
coin and nothing else."
If death lay in the glance of an eye.
Burnett's constituents .would shortly
have found it necessary to call a spe
cial election. Turning upon the man
who had dared to bait him. Dibble
said: "'There is an old French proverb
that fits the case of Mr. Burnett. It
is "Honi soit gui mal y pense*— evil be
to him who evil thinks— if the gentle
man from San Luis Obispo. has been
looking for coin and has not found it
can he blame me."
"Do you mean to say that you have
found it?" retorted the angry Bur
nett.
"Dare you say I have?" shouted Dib
ble.
"Take you seat, Burnett," ordered
the Speaker.
"Honi soit gui mal y pense," repeated
Dibble, "by way of benediction.
The episode gave way to Feliz of
Monterey. "I admire the manhood of
the man from San Francisco. I admire
it," said Feliz. "No doubt he has given
much thought to this matter, since yes
terday. No doubt he has spent a
sleepless night in worrying over the
wrong he has done Mr. Green and has
come here to-day prepared to make
reparation. But I want to say that
this is nothing more nor less than a
scheme to elect to the Senate a cer
tain individual. I want to see a Sen
ator elected before I leave this place,
be he Democrat or Republican, but not
this man nor by these tactics."
Then Belshaw spoke along the same
line he pursued yesterday. He said
that to relieve Green would be- to ac
knowledge the Assembly had made a
mistake and was trying to get out of
it.
Speaker Anderson put Belshaw in the
chair and came down on the floor to
state his position. He said that he was
unalterably opposed to Green's relief
to-day, as he was yesterday and had
always been. He denied that his de
cisions of yesterday were arbitrary or
carried political significance. He had
acted and voted consistently and would
continue to do so on every matter ap
pertaining to the honor of the House
of which he was Speaker.
Then a roll call was demanded, and
it resulted as follows:
Ayes — Arnerich, Atherton, Barry,
Beecher, Boynton, Brown, Caminetti,
Chynoweth, Cobb, Cosper, Crowder,
Dale, De Lancie, Devoto, Dibble, Dun
lap, Fairweather. Henry, Kelley, Kel
sey, Kenneally, Knowland, Le Baron,
Lardner, Lundquist, Marvin, McDonald
of Alameda. McDonald of Tuolumne,
McKeen, Merrill, Merritt, Milice. Miller
of San Francisco, Muenter, Pierce,
Raw, Rickard, Sullivan, Eugene, Works
—39.
Noes — Belshaw, Boone, Brooke, Bur
nett, Clough, Conrey, Feliz, Hoey, Hu
ber, Jilson, Knights, La Baree, Melick,
Miller of Los Angeles, Sanford, Wade,
White, Speaker Anderson— lß.
Not voting — Blood, Cargill, Clark,
Cowan, Crowly, Glenn, Greenwell, Grif
fin, Hanley, Johnson, Mead, Mack,
Meserve, O'Brien, Radcliff, Raub, Sul
livan, Valentine, Wardell, Wright.
Greenwell. Bliss and Robinson were
absent because of. illness and had been
duly excused by the Speaker.
SENATE AMENDS THE
ELECTION LAW
CALL HEADQUARTERS,'. SACRA
MENTO, March 9.— Another election law,
parsed 'y tie Assembly, was passed by
the Senate this afternoon. ; It was a com
mittee, substitute: for Assembly Bill 911,
and provided for the forming of commit
tees to petition for a place on the pri
mary ballot. The Stratton law requires
that each political party which at the
previous election polled 3 per cent of the
vote shall petition for a' place on the pri
mary ballot through their governing com
mittee. There Is no provision in the law
which allows, them to petition except
through their committees, so to give a
chance to any party whicH may not have
a committee. Assembly bill 911 was in
troduced. It provides that in case there
is no committee, twenty-five of the elect
ors belonging to that party may form a
committee for the purpose of making
petition. ■■'; -■■--' -2 2 yy.
In the Senate thin evening Braunhart's
constitutional amendment allowing char
ters to be adopted by a majority of the
votes < ast on the charter Instead of a ma
jority of those cast at the election was
withdrawn, as the author saw no chance
for its passage. The principal objection
to the bill as expressed by those who
spoke on it was that it also contained a
provision compelling governing bodies to
submit to the people charters or amend
THE BAN- FRANCISCO CALL, FBTDAY. MABCH 10, 1899.
ments to charters on petition of 15 per
cent of the voters who voted at the last
election. An attempt was made to raise
this to 55 per cent, but when this
amendment was killed with evident pur
pose of doing the same trick to the mea
sure. Senator Brunhart yielded to the In
evitable.
During the day the Senate passed the
following bills:
Assembly hill 662. making an appropria
tion to pay the salaries or the employes
of the Commissioner of Public Works.
Assembly bill Ml, amending lie Politi
cal Code by adding a new section thereto
No. 1186%, relating to the organization of
committees to repersont political parties
at primary elections. .
Assembly bill 690. creating a State Board
of Charities and Corrections prescribing
its duties and powers, and appropriating
money therefor. _ '
Committee substitute Assembly bill 660.
amending sections 683, 634. 635. 636. 637. 63*,
639, 640, 641. 642, 643. 644, 645. 646 and 647 of
the Civil Code and repealing section 64$
of the civil Code relating to mutual build
ing and loan association and other similar
corporations. ' •
Assembly hill 376, providing for a free
employment department to be maintained
in connection with the Bureau of Labor
Statistics.
Assembly constitutional amendment 14.
which was refused passage the first time
it was considered in the Senate, came up
on reconsideration and was adopted. This
amendment is , intended to exempt the
property of the Lick School from taxa
tion. . \ ; ■"..-, -...--:
The Senate refused to pass Assembly
bill 249. which provided for thf regulation
of the sale of commercial fertilizers.
The Senate spent Its forenoon session in
considering newspaper claims.
ASSEMBLY DECLARES "BILL"
M'DONALD TO BE HARMLESS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 9. — "Rig Bill" McDon
ald of Alameda got up in the Assembly
chamber this afternoon to discredit the
Inference in the morning papers that he
was going around with pistol eye cocked
at Speaker Anderson and a brace of six
pounders stuck in each bool
"The papers this morning say J wanted
to chuck Speaker Anderson out of the
MEXICAN DAN: "IT'S A LONG TIME BETWEEN KILLS."
window yesterday afternoon and break all
the furniture. I want to say that that
ain't right. I was a bit worked up, but
God bless you. I want to he friends with
all of you. I've always been a friend of
the Speaker and always will be. I want to
come back here two years from now, and
I don't want people pointing me out and
saying 'Look out for that fellow; be s a
terror and don't wear no suspenders. ■ 1
wouldn't do anybody any harm."
"I move" said Belshaw, "that 'Bill be
declared harmless," and it was so or
d The' general appropriation bill came up
on its third reading and passage imme
diately after the Senate special file had
been considered, and it passed onto the
Senate without further amendment.
Burnett of San Luis Obispo offered a
resolution to adjourn sine die at midnight
to-night. He was headed by a reference
to the Ways and Means. Committee. Bel
shaw's resolution to adjourn sine die on
March 11 was laid on the table.
Johnson withdrew his bill repealing that
section of the purity of election laws
which limits the amount a candidate
m"v spend for election expenses He said
he never heard of any one obeying it but
Dibble said he had, and Belshaw said he
had and in deference to two of the most
remarkable candidates of political his
tory Johnson said he would withdraw the
Governor Gage sent in word that he had
signed Assembly bill 611 abolishing the
funded debt commission of Sacramento
The bill goes Into effect on the first day of
January 1900. this being the result of a
compromise between those of the City
Trustee" who wanted the commission
abolished forthwith and certain citizens
who thought the voluntary services of the
men who they said had served so well
Sid long, should not be rewarded by oust
ing them so unceremoniously from office.
The Governor also signed Assembly bills
■>. and 395. The first of these amends the
election laws relating to crimes against
the -franchise. The other is an amend
ment the Po tical Code. the "Stanford
Brown's Assembly bill 916. the "Stanford
hill "went through on third reading and
_a_wure without opposition. The measure
!■.!. vevs To Stanford University the right
to accept property by grant, gift or de
vise wherever situated, Tlie bill Is es
pecially designed to enable the university
to accept the $15,000,000 endowment which
Thomas Stanford of Australia intends be
stowing. Hoey's bill, providing that
Lawrence Hoey s bill, providing that
eight hours shall constitute a day labor
on all public works, was also passed.
The following bills were passed during
the day: ' . '■"■, -'_.-„-_.
Senate bill 9, introduced by Curtin,
amending an act relative to foreign cor
porations, approved April 1. 1872.
Assembly bill 916, introduced by Brown,
amending. the law relative to Institutions
of learning, by granting additional pow- i
ers to the founders and trustees of such !
institutions.
Assembly bill 908. Introduced by John- ;
son, amending section 1880 of the Code; of I
Civil Procedure, relating to witnesses:
Assembly bill :'.66. Introduced by Hoey, |
limiting the hours of labor of those em
ployed on public, works. ,
Senate bill 22, creating a harbor at Oak- !
land and a Board of Harbor Commission- I
ers, was finally passed.
The appropriation file was the matter of I
NEITHER CHANGE NOR
RUMORS OF CHANGE.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAC
RAMENTO, March 9.— La Baree
came out from behind his Call this
morning and for the tirst time in
several days east his vote for Irv
ing M. Scott. Otherwise the one
ballot of the day went off as Is its
custom- without change.
The atmosphere has been cleared
of the rumors of change with
which it has been charged for
days past, and the crowd in the
lobbies has dwindled to the scant
handful of loungers always found
at th. Capitol because. of the want
of a better place to idle away the
day.
The vote was as follows:
BARNES 22
ESTEE I
BURNS 25
GRANT -S
SCOTT «
DE VRIES 2
ROSENFELD -
WHITE 25
PHELAN • 4
consideration before the Assembly this
evening and the following bills were
passed:
Bill 525, introduced by Crowder. appro
priating $3'JO to pay the claim of A. L.
Wood for the arrest and conviction of
Francisco Torres.
Bill 54, by Meserve. providing for .Im
provements of the Southern California
State hospitals.
Bill 449, by Eugene Sullivan, providing
for the creation and maintenance of a
Veteran Volunteer Fireman's Association
of California.
Bill, introduced by Griffin, No. 630, an
act to appropriate the sum of $17,000 for
the purpose of establishing a" water
sprinkling and. pumping plant in the Yo
eemite Valley. r
Bill 642, by Beecher. to appropriate $300
to pay the claim of Theodore PHesch for
money due and owing him from the State.
Bill 741, by Johnson, creating the itfice
of State Game Warden and appropriating
$6000 for the maintenance of the 'office and
defining the duties and powers of said
official, and also defining the punishment
for the violation of the game laws of this
State.
Bill 878, a substitute for bill 709, an act
to provide for the survey, location and
construction of a public wagon road from
the city of Merced to the Yosemite Valley.
Bill 368, by Caminetti, providing for the
purchase of lumber and fencing for the
Preston School of Industry.
Bill 905, introduced by Clark, making
an appropriation of $23,000 for the purpose
of sinking a gas well on the grounds of
the Agnews State Hospital. '; •.;
•>
BANKERS ESCAPE BY
JUST ONE VOTE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March One of the hardest
parliamentary skirmishes the Senate has
seen this session was fought out to-day
over the reconsideration of the vote on the
bill Introduced In the Assembly by Muen-.
ter of San Joaquin, relating to statements
from banks. '-y'-y.-.yj
Muenter's bill provided that the state
ment of the banks to the Bank Commis
sioners and to the Assessor should be
made on the same date. At present, the
one to the Bank Commissioners is made
on the first Monday In June and that to
the Assessor en % the first Monday in,
March. The first is always high, the sec
ond low, and the bill was for the purpose
of making them equal and having the
bank assessed at what it considered It was
worth before the commission. The bill
was beaten yesterdCj.^. and- the reconsid
eration of to-dasjjjftsred'the same way, but
it was by but 'one vote and only after
there had been t*s*ee' calls of the Senate.
By motion of Burnett the question was
put on the reca|.slderatlbn ; of ' the vote,
and there was .-Clan of the Senate before
there were enough to let the reconsidera
tion proceed. .-**••-• " "V '
Boyce was the first to support the bill,
a duty he attended to with evident pleas
ure, for he turned : a; good roast into the
banks before he, sat down: • They were the
first to demand protection in case of dan
ger, he said, and the first to escape taxa
tion whenever, a. loophole in the law al
lowed It. . ■-.-.-■ .•_.,-,.■
Simpson was against the hi!!, and so was
Gillette. There was law enough on the
subject if the Assessor, only did his duty,
they said. There) was more talk of the
same sort from various Senators, and then
the roll was called. The first; result was
as follows: .""-,.*
Ayes— Ashe, Boyce, ; Braunhart, Bur
nett, Curtin,; Davis, :Dwyer. Doty Hall
La Rue, Leavitt. •- Luchsinger, Maggard'
Nutt, Pace, RoweH_"-Strattdn, Taylor— is'
Noes— Bettman, I Hull a. Chapman, Dick
inson, Gillette. Jones, Laird, Morehouse
Shortridge, Sims. Trout. Feeney. Flint'
Simpson, Smith— ls. VST /
A call of the Sei.ilte was demanded and
ordered, and, after , diligent search the
sergeant at " arms rounded •up Senator
Wolfe, who voted "aye" after the doors
had been opened. • _ -.'
--. Then Leavitt changed to "no" and Jones
changed from "no" to "aye." and seeing
some hope in that the short majority
cured ■ another call of the * Senate. Tnis
time Langford- was rounded up, and after
he had been argued with by nearly every
one for or against the bill, he voted
"aye" when the doors were opened. Again
the friends of the measure demanded a
call of the house and this time they
caught Cutter, who came in and voted
"no." and then the fight was given up.
As it finally stood it was 20 to 16. or just
one vote short of passing the bill.
COYOTE SCALP BILL
CAUSES DISSENSION
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March :i.— The coyote scalp bill
may make music In tbe Assembly before
the measure la finally passed. The claim
ants under the net art not working In
harmony, at the following circular indi
cates:
\mi;.\'T<>. March 8, 1899.
Dear Sir: The Kotaey amendment to sub
stitute appropriation to pay coyote scalp
claimants la to be changed and the amount
reduo.v* from $2v7.*ir. to S-OO.tWO The latter
sum will pay every bones! claim. Under the
Kelsey amendment they can establish their
claims without coat, Mil they moat all come
Into one court, and the big claims based on
fraud and forgery will not flare materialize.
If presented they will be exposed and defeated
' under the plan of cross pleading allowed in the
I suit of Interpleader.
We have Indirectly heard that the money
; sharks and speculators are trying to patch up
the Senate substitute (the speculators bill)
and then get that dishonest measure through
the Assembly. The seductive amendment as
to Justices Courts and the duties of District
.Attorneys would ihmw wide open the flood
gates of fraud against the State without help
ing the bona fide claimants, wha have held on
to their claims. 
That measure, If adopted, would allow a
holder of a talse and bogus claim to travel
from county to county and get a dozen or a
I hundred judgments against the state on one
and the same County Clerk's certificate.
It is. of course, preposterous to suppose any
District Attorney would or could attend to
thousands of actions brought before Justices,
at ii,,. game time any more than the Attorney
General could. Bui even if they did they could
do nothing under the circumstances.
The Controller li expected to disburse enor
mous sum: of money on Judgments certified by
I Justices of the Peace. ; It Is safe to predict.
! that judgments would be so certified aggregat
ing a million dollars.
What and whence th opposition to the Kel
sey amendment, which affords every protection
' to the State and to every honest claim? No
objection has been discovered. You may be
told that the Governor will not sisn. etc..
] which is slander on his Excellency. No one
knows what the Governor will do; but It Is
j safe to presume that he will prefer a bill
' which saves 557,6t5 to the State, saves cost to
the litigants, bars out bogus and fictitious
; claims and methodically winds the whole thing
j up in one Interpleader suit.
The fact that the amount appropriated is
. materially less than the aggregate of Clerk's
i certificates will cause every one to strive to
prevent and expose fraudulent claims in the
j interpleader suit which affords that opportu
nity. . This Is the secret of the opposition to the
i Kelsey amendment.
i Our association, of course, contains but a
| small percentage of all the claimants, but we
i represent all who still hold their claims and
: keep all posted. They know, and shall con
i tinue to know, what is being done. They prefer
no bill at all to one which robs the taxpayers
and paves the way for a struggle at the doors
of the treasury, in which Knaves would come
oft the victors. Respectfully.
E. L. DILLINGHAM,
JOHN CHESTER.
ELTSHA BURCHARD.
Executive Committee Claimants Association.
The Senate substitute is supposed to
have the support of a high-toned lobby,
but the chief among the lobbyists seldom
appears in the Capitol building.
GOVERNOR GAGE
IS FACETIOUS
OVER ANIMALS
A Jocular Message Vetoing the
Humane Society
Bill.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 9.— the following mes
sage from the Governor which was re
ceived by the Assembly this evening it
would appear that when it was written
his gubernatorial highness was in a par
ticularly jocular mood, so much so that
he apparently did not realize the Import
ance of the measure which he so ruthless
ly hit, with an ax.
The bill was an act for the protection
of dumb beasts, and provided for the
killing of the same when they had become
useless through abuse, sickness or in
other ways. It. provided for the appoint
ment of officers to enforce a law to compel
the owners of such animals to kill them,
and made it punishable by a tine or im
prisonment when the law was not 1 com
piled with. The bill virtually enforced
the law under which the humane socie
ties of the different cities are acting.
The following is the Governor's message:
BURNS' MANAGERS
TRY TO RECOVER
FROM BLUNDERS
Legislators Astonished by the Sudden Change
of Heart in the Green Case.
HIS HENCHMEN BEG FOR FAVORS
The Tide Now Sets Strongly Toward General Barnes and It
Looks as if He Would Get the Required
Number of Votes.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March o.— The managers of
Dan Burns' campaign for the Senator
ship have put in their time to-day in
a vain effort to retrieve the loss of
prestige caused by the blunders of yes
terday. V V-V
All the declarations so solemnly made
by them yesterday that the dismissal
of the proceedings against Milton J.
Green would cast a stain on the honor
of the Legislature were taken back,
and the Burns following voted not only
to set Green free but to discharge the
investigating committee from further
service. Members of the Legislature
were astounded. A rumor was started
that an alliance.of the Burns and Grant
forces had been effected, but inquiry at
Grant's headquarters brought forth
prompt and sweeping denial of the re
port.
To-night the Grant men are as firm
as ever in their purpose to resist every
open or secret effort to secure the elec
tion of Burns. The Grant column will
stand unbroken as long as danger of
Burns' election exists.
Burns' fight for the Senatorship is
utterly lost unless the railroad comes
to his rescue with boodle and plenty
of it. The instant the boodle is em
ployed to capture an outsider some
shrewd "medicine" man will convey a
hint o-f the transaction, and a demand
for enough to go around will at once
be made and pressed. The best judges
of the political situation have reached
the conclusion that money in small
sums cannot be used effectively in this
Senatorial struggle. The conflicting
forces are so firmly set and resolutely
pledged that money, except it be used
in very large sums, cannot change the
alignment.
The opinion is by no means universal
that Burns' fight is utterly lost, but
many judges entertain the view that his
camp is on the verge of demoralization.
Others suspect a wary and adroit
scheme to lure the Barnes and Grant
men into a caucus by a feigning of
weakness. For that reason no chances
will be taken. No propositions for a
caucus .will be entertained. Having
fought the fight so far in the open,
where the people of the State could
daily see how their representatives
voted, there is an increasing sentiment
in favor of fighting it out on that line.
Burns may resolve to adjourn the j_eg
islature without an election, but he may
fail to carry out his resolution.
The events of the past twenty-four
hours have demonstrated beyond a
doubt that Burns cannot control the
Legislature. Early in the session his
followers assumed an air of defiance.
"Executive Department, State of Cali
fornia.
"I herewith return to your honorable
body without my approval Assembly bill
Number 5. with my objections thereto:
"This bill exhibits the evils of overzeal.
Apparently designed to relieve the bur
dens laid upon all dumb animals, It act
ually Imposes the ponderous financial bur
den of $102,600 annually not only on the
mule, but human taxpayers of the State
or a tax upon the people of each county of
! the State of over $ISOO per annum for the
benefit of the sympathetic friends of the
brute. For the violation of any one of the
extraordinary provisions of this bill the
offense is rated so high that all members
and agents of the society referred to in
the act are authorized to start upon a pil
grimage of humane slaughter, and for
such purposes may carry the same weap
jr the violation of any one of the
inarv provisions of this bill the
j rated so high that all members
its of the society referred to in
re authorized to start upon a pil
ot humane slaughter, and for
p.. s.s may carry the same weap
ons that Sheriffs. Constables, policemen
and peace officers are authorized to carry,
"These newly created knights of the
nHtol and truncheon are justified by this
bill in the use of armed intervention not
for the benefit of the State but for the
purpose of increasing the exchequer of the
incorporated humane societies. .
"The societies characterized as hu
mane.' which should operate under this
bill would soon prove a misnomer, Inas
much as by its provisions the officers of
such societies are authorized to kill every
sick disabled, Infirm or crippled animal
which may have been abandoned by its
owner, and are empowered to use force
and arms against any person who should
remonstrate or interfere with this san
""nother unusually cruel feature of the
" \nother unusually cruel feature of the.
bill is to be found In section 21, by which
it is made the duty of every owner of an
animal- 'which Is unfit by reason of its
physical condition for the purpose for
which such animals are usually employed,
and when there is no reasonable proba
bility of such animal ever becoming fit
for "the purposes for which it Is usually
employee:,' to kill the same within twelve
hours after being notified by a peace of
ficer or officer of said society. So, there
fore, if -the animal should have been used
for ' racing or breeding purposes and
should be no longer fit therefor, the un
fortunate beast must be deprived of life.
This doctrine Is wholly Indefensible. If :
the owner of a horse destined for such
fate, because of such uselessness. should
happen to be a hippophile and lack the
bloodthirsty spirit necessary for obedi
ence to such officer's command, then he
is deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and
subjected to the punishment of fine or
imprisonment or both, as provided for in
the act.
"I find a singular ambiguity in section
21 of the bill which, should it become a
law, might puzzle the ermined arbiters,
namely where the following language is
used: 'Any person or persons holding a
lien or liens against any animal or ani- i
mals under the provisions of this act may
satisfy such Hen as follows: If such lien
be not paid by the party or parties re
sponsible within three days after the ob
ligation becomes due, then the party or
parties holding such Hen may resort to
the 'proper court to satisfy the claim or
he or they three days after the charges
against such property become due may
sell the same or so much thereof as may
be necessary to defray the amount due
and cost of sale.' etc.
"Now. as by section 20 no tail shall be
'docked' or shortened it might be diffi
cult for a strict constructionist to deter
mine whether the tail should be included
or excluded from the sale and a conflict
might arise which would involve mathe
matics a3 well as ethlcS. But disregard
ing this possible conflict as of trivial im
portance it is not useless to the tax- !
Eaver to scrutinize the purpose -of the !
ill, which seems to Impose all the ex- ;
penses of the trials and proceedings upon j
the several counties and to permit the ,
humane societies to reap the benefits of I
the fines Imposed without tho expenditure
* fines imposed without tho expenditure
i single dollar.
"I am heartily in favor of proper meas
ures for the protection of all animals
from cruelty; but such a measure as this
proposed cannot, without grave injustice,
accomplish such object, nor does it war
i Now they plead and petition for legis
i lative favors.
There are many people here who fig
ure that General Barnes may get a suf
ficient number of votes to capture the
Senatorial prize. The number of letters
and telegrams coming from every sec
tion of the State urging members to
vote for Barnes is surprising. Refer
ence is frequently made in the letters
to the gallant fight which Barnes made
for Henry T. Gage and the whole Re
publican ticket. When the so-called
"leaders" were smoking cigars with
Mose Gunst in cozy clubrooms of San
Francisco General Barnes was at the
front bearing the burden of assault
from every Democratic newspaper and
orator in the State.
In order to impress the gudgeons with
an idea of Colonel Burns' prestige it
was planned early in the Senatorial
campaign that the colonel himself or
some tout in chief should daily be seen
at Governor Gage's elbow. The spec
tacle was designed, to impress the com
mon herd with the notion that the State
patronage was being held out for the
exclusive use of the Burns followers.
A little change in the programme has
now. been devised. The new wrinkle is
to have a chief among the touts in close
conversation with leading men of the
Grant forces. Colonel Burns and Her
vey Lindley have been very sweet on
Grant and his managers to-day. The
impression is to be conveyed that the
colonel and the San Diego statesman
are to join hands and elect a United
States Senator. The Grant men have
caught on to the curves of Lindley.
The political managers in Dan's serv
ice are not very bright. They were
dull enough to believe that the defeat
of the Harbor Commission reorganiza
tion in the. Senate yesterday was de
signed as punishment of the Burns
men for voting against the .resolution
to dismiss the Green case. The fact i?
that the Grant people some weeks ago
suspected that the scheme to reorganize
the board was devised to make places
to be promised to men who would line
up for Burns and accordingly they
voted against it.
It is given out to-night that to-mor
row's Senatorial ballot will show sev
eral changes in favor of General
Barnes. The accessions to his ranks
will, if what is said be true, come
from the fold of Irving M. Scott. Sena
tor Flint and Rowell and Assembly
men La Baree and Dunlap are the leg
islators who are scheduled to leave
Scott and vote for Barnes. Assembly
man Cosper and Senator Davis declare
their Intention to continue to vote for
the builder of the Oregon for the bal
ance of the week. They dined with
their chief this evening at a downtown
restaurant.
rant the enormous annual expenditure of
1102,600 to be paid by the taxpayers of the
several counties. . . , Amt _
"HENRY T. GAGE,
"Governor of the State of California."
DICKINSON FIGHTS HARD
FOR HARBOR COMMISSION
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March Dickinson's bill to re
organize the Harbor Commission of San
Francisco came up before the Senate this
evening on Dickinson's motion to recon
sider the vote that had been so disastrous
to it last night. He made his motion to
reconsider and then when it had been put
he moved to postpone the consideration
of it until half-past 3 Saturday afternoon.
He did so, he said, because he wished to
have a full attendance when the measure
came up again. .-.
Davis objected to the postponement. He
said they could take the matter up at
once and, as for attendance, it was bet
ter right then than it would be on Sat
urday afternoon, when experience had
shown the attendance was always poor.
Dickinson insisted that he had a right to
expect that the Senate would do him that
courtesy and he amended his motion in
compliance with Davis' objection so that
a motion to reconsider should come up
to-morrow. Davis withdrew his objec
tions for reasons of Senatorial courtesy
and Boyce demanded that an hour should
be set for Its consideration to-morrow.
Again Dickinson quoted Senatorial cour
tesy and finally his motion to reconsider
took the. course he wished it to take. It
was postponed till to-morrow, when it
will come up for action. It will hardly
fare any better than it did last evening,
however, for the Democrats will all sup
port it again and every Republican ex
cept one who voted against It last night,
says he will do so again to-morrow. -.y y
BILLS THAT RECEIVED
THE GOVERNOR'S SANCTION
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Mai 9.— The following Assem
bly bills were made laws to-day by the
approval of the Governor:
Bill 342, an act to create a department
in the State University for an investiga
tion into the rainfall and water supply of
the State and to make an appropriation
therefor.
Bill 322. an act to amend section 11*2
of the Political. Code relating to elec
tions. - -■*. ■y'-ryy
Bill 395. also in regard to elections.
Bill 611. an act to provide for the re
-1 demption of certain Indebtedness to the
city of Sacramento. -i _
Bill 1001.- making it a misdemeanor to
use any bottle, cask, keg, vessel or si
phon which has been formerly used ana
labeled, and bill 1002. which relates to the
issuance of a search warrant.
Assembly bill 44 was vetoed by the Gov
ernor and the ground given for Its qui
etus by the executive head was that it
was found by looking the case up in the
previous Senate journals it had read do
not pass." The recommendation tor its
non-passage was evidently made by a
committee which had the bill in consid
eration and his gubernatorial highness
evidently .thought that sufficient ground
for a veto. _
! No Lien for Horseshoers. V V
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
| MENTO. March 9.— Senate bill 327. the
j measure upon which Senator Charles M.
j Shortridge staked his statesmanship and
which was passed through the Senate
! during a fit of good humor on the part or
I that body, came to an ignominious end in
' the Assembly to-day by being denied its
second reading. Shortridge bill pro-
I vided that shoers should have liens on auCOMBINATION WITH
BURNS DENIED BY
GRANT'S MANAGER
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRAMENTO, March 9.— order to as
certain th- exact truth concerning the multitude of rumors and conjec
ture growing out of D. M. Burns' interviews to-day with I*. S. Grant
and Walter Bacon* /reporter "of The Call to-night asked Mr. Bacon a
number of questions bearing on the subject. Mr. Bacon replied in sub
stanc
"It is true that Mr. Grant and James Brown went to San Francisco
yesterday. They went on the 7:30 a. m. train and Mr. Grant returned the
same day on the train leaving San Francisco at 4 p. m. Mr. Brown did
not return until 11:30 to-day. The visit had no bearing on the Senatorial
situation.
"It is true also that Colonel Burns and Mr. Grant held a brief Inter
view to-day. Colonel Burns called un Mr. Giant and a few words were
exchanged regarding the resolution to dismiss the proceedings against
Milton J. Green. No other subject was discussed and there was not the
slightest reference to any other matter. The discussion did not last two
minutes.
"It is true that 1 met Colonel Burns at the suggestion of Hervey l.ind
ley at room 40 of the Capitol in th< presence of Mr. Crowder. This in
terview related wholly to the subject considered in the interview be
tween Colonel Burns and Mr. Grant. No other subject than the Milton
Green resolution was talked of. The suggestion to dismiss emanated
from Colonel Burns.
"It is not true," said Mr. Bacon, "that the Grant people have ever
thought of an alliance or combination with the Burns camp. There
never lias been and never will be any negotiations in that direction. It
the break in the Burns camp ever comes, Mr. Grant may receive a few
votes from that source. The conjecture of a deal on the part of Mr.
Grant or his men with Colonel Burns Is absolutely without foundation
or reason."
bprses or other animals for the cost of'
shoeing them until the bill was paid. It
was made the subject of a good bit of
merriment in the Senate, and that body
relied upon the Assembly ... see that it.
did not pass. The Assembly did its duty I
with no dissenting debate.
ANOTHER ROUND
OF PRESS BAITING
IN THE SENATE
The Upper House Passes the
Bill to Compel Signatures
to Articles.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 9.— The Senate took to
press baiting again this evening and in
dulged in one of its periodic revels in
vituperation directed at all things jour-
Morehouse was floor manager and Davis
was his assistant, and between them thty
passed Morehouse's measure to compel
signatures to all personal articles.
By the bill every man who writes an *
article which "tends to blacken the mem
ory of one who is dead, or to impeach the
honesty, integrity, virtue or reputation I
or publish the- natural or alleged defects
of one who is alive, and thereby expose
him or her to public hatred, contempt or
ridicule" must sign his true name to it
and it shall he printed at the end of the
article. To insure an observance of this |
law there i.- provided a penalty of $1000 J
lor every Infraction of its terms.
Smith was the first to speak In defense
of the impersonal character which lias
made the newspaper such a power and
has given it so much more opportunity to
prosecute its work in fts own chosen
held. Smith is a newspaper man, and so
is Shortridge nd Rowell and Prisk. but
there are others in the Senate who are
not. and It was those who, not knowing
lhe work involved in publishing the news
on time, waxed eloquent over the possibil
ities of newspaper work and the restric
tions it can bear without losing its use
fulness ml value. Smith spoke of the im
practical aspect of the signature scheme,
and he was followed by Sims, who went
further into the rights and liberties of
the press. Smith thought the law, if en
act* could never be applied, and Sims
believed it would hamper an Institution
which should not be hampered. Sims de
clared there was law enough on the books
to tight every wrong the press ever did
or will do, and he thought it was a dan
gerous precedent to establish, this taking
away from the paper its general respon
sibility and making it a mere personal
one. He looked at the signature measure
only in conjunction with the one allowing
a free pot shot at all offending editors.
and he saw in it the good point of show-
Ing a man the person to draw a bead on
if he wished to exercise tne right of free
shooting, but he believed it was a bail law
and should not be considered seriously
by the Senate. Senator Simpson sup
ported the bill. He said no man had more
cause than he to favor such a measure,
and he believed it was a law that should
pass.
Shortridge had his word to say in de
fense of his own profession, and he used
all kinds of emphasis in the saying. He
too knew the law to be Impractical, and
from his own experience he illustrated
what he meant. He tried to explain tin
process of gathering news and to show
that there were some things about it that
when left to fallible human judgment
might not go in practice as. they do in
theory; but the Senate had brought the
bill up to pass it, and. it did not need the
verbal vitriol which Morehouse poured
over the newspaper tables to insure a big
vote. Davis' speech on the subject was
what did most for the bill, for he declared
himself in favor of the liberty of the
press and then proceeded to adroitly re
strict it. He believed it should be placed
under certain limits— the same limits the
previous speakers had opposed— not Le
cause the restrictions were bad in them
selves but because they opened the door
to others. One of the limits he favored
was the Morehouse measure.
The bill then went to a vote and it was
passed by the following:
kves— Ashe, Bettman. Boyce. Bulla,
Burnett, chapman. Curtin. Cutter, Davis,
Dwyer, Flint, Gillette, Hall, noey, Leav
itt. Luchsinger, Maggard. Morehouse,
Nutt: Simpson, Smith, Taylor, Trout— 2M.
\-,„.c _ Braunhart. Dickinson. Doty,
Feeney. La Rue, Prisk.Rowell, Shortridge,
Sims. Stratton- 10. .
Absent— Currier, Jones, Laird, Langford,
Pace. Wolfe — C.
Smith changed his vote from no to aye
before the result was announced and then
gave notice that he would move for a re
consideration to-morrow.
THE FICKS CASE
IN COMMITTEE
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March -'x— The committee con
sisting of Assemblymen Mack, CJough
and E. D. Sullivan appointed to investi
gate the charge of contempt against
George W. Ficks, manager of the Clunie
Opera-house, held a meeting this morn
ing. Flcks admitted tho statements made
by various witnesses to the effect that
the lit:!.;- were turned off between two
of the acts during which time a number
of deputy sergeants ut arms were at
tempting "to arrest absentee members dur
ing a call of the House.
Assemblymen Glenn and Sanford were
called and testified that they had been
present In the theater at the time, but
had not advised Ficks to obstruct the
service of process. yy- .
Kicks' defense was that he did not turn
out the lights, but that they were turned
out by McKee Rankin, He acknowledged
he refused to turn them up when asked
to do so and that he said he would shoot
any man who attempted to turn them
up! He claimed that he did. not want any
one but an electrician to handle the
lights, as it might burn out the fuses and
create an explosion, which would be fol
lowed by a panic. He denied the right
of the deputy sergeants at arms to order
him to turn up the lights.
•
No Imprisonment for Debt.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO March 9.— By a vote of the As
sembly this evening bill 432, relating to
Imprisonment for debt quietly met death.
The bill came up on the third reading file
and. after considerable discussion, it' was
moved to have it refused its place on
hie and the matter was put to a vote.
The motion was carried,' and unscrupu
lous del. tors need no longer fear the band
of the law. The bill provided that a
debtor can be brought before a court of
tins State and be compelled to state his
or her monetary assets, and that the
court has the right to determine the por
tion to be paid the creditor each payment
in default of which the debtor can be
Imprisoned for-a period not exceeding ten
days.
State Board of Architecture.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
; MENTO, March The Assembly Judi
! clary Committee reported favorably upon
| Senate bill 359 this afternoon. The bill
I creates a State board of architecture and
; makes it compulsory for architects to be
regularly licensed and that the. imprint
. of Mis seal must be used on all plans and
; papers prepared by him. He shall also
j use the words. "Licensed architect." upon
all signs, cards and other like matter and
Indicating or advertising to the public
; his profession. -. ■-,
TO GET HEAD MONEY
FOR DEWEY'S SAILORS
GEORGE HOLDEN'S MISSION TO
PHILIPPINES.
j - ,yyy~--" y : r,:.yy
\ In Manila He Secured Signatures of
Eleven Hundred Jackies for
Whom He Will Plead.
r. TT TT 7^
George H. Holden. a representative of
the law firm of Charles & William B.
King of Washington. D. C, has returned
from Manila, and is a guest at the Occi
dental. "The object of my visit to the
Philippines," said Mr. Holden. "was to
take up the claims of Dewey's marines
for 'head money,' which will be adjudicat
ed in the United States Court of Claims.
The law provides for the payment of
an amount equal to $100 for each man in
the fleet of a defeated enemy, to be divid
ed pro rata among the men of the Ameri
can fleet, according to the pay each
draws, provided the enemy was an in
ferior force. If the apposing fleet is
equal or superior, then the sum of $2'»J
per head shall be so divided, after cer
tain amounts are deducted for the offi
cers of the American fleet.
"According to Admiral Montijo, who
gave the number of men on the conquered
fleet as IST."., this will make the sum of
J157.500 to be divided.
"l secured the signatures of over 1100
sailors of Admiral Dewey's fleet who re
tained my firm to press their claims.
During the Civil War the money was
looked upon as a direct gift by the Gov
ernment, and was paid through the Sec
retary of the Navy. However, the Judge
Advocate has decided that they should be
adjudicated by the court, and this deci
sion will delay the payment of th.- claims
The prize money claims which will be
awarded in the. United SI tee District
Court will amount to $400,000, besides the
salvage on three sunken vessels yet to be
raised.
"My work in Manila had the approval
of Admiral Dewey, who gave me permis
sion to visit the ships, besides a personal
letter to the captains. He appeared to be
much pleased with my mission, and gave
me much encouragement. When I visited
him he was much interested in a lot of
.graphs of babies, and remarked, 'I
guess more children have been named
after me than any man in the United
States.' " ...
GERTRUDE I. GRAHAM
GRANTED A DIVORCE
HUSBAND TREATED HER IN AN
INHUMAN MANNER.
Gertrude I. Graham has been granted
a divorce from her husband. Frederick
M. Graham, by Judge Dalngerfleld on the
i ground of cruelty. Graham, whose al
leged Inhuman treatment of his wife drove
. her to appeal to the courts for relief. Is
a well known commercial salesman em
ployed by Jones, Paddock & Co.
Mrs. Graham testified that she married
Graham July 11, iw. On July 25, after
just two week.- of wedded life. Graham
came to their rooms, 523 Post street,
punched her on the chin and "put her to
sleep." When she recovered he choked
her and bruised her. This little difficulty
was. forgiven by the young bride, but her
: husband continued to make her life un
happy through his habits of cursing, gam
bling and drinking. Finally he locked
Miss Marie Moore, a friend who was visit
-1 ing his wife, out in the hall and threat
ened to smother his wife. This scene so
affected the plaintiff that she was taken
ill and went to her mother's home at 412
.McAllister street. For. eight weeks- she
remained In bed. and only twice during
] that period did her husband call upon her.
Miss Moore corroborated the plaintiffs
! story, whereupon Judge Dalngerfleld
promptly granted the decree and allowed
: Mrs. Graham to resume her maiden name.
i Miss Ingam. .
MARTIN JULIAN EXPLODES.
Martin Julian, the fat and lazy little
brother-in-law of Bob Fltzsimmons, has
been circulating a report In the East that
his protege was robbed in this city, and
that the National Club was in a measure
responsible for the financial sufferings of
the champion pugilist, who Is keeping Ju
lian from eating snowballs.. The following
letter from the National Club concerning
the affair Is -explanatory
SAN FRANCISCO. March 8. 1899. •
Sporting Editor of The Call— I >.-_, Sir: Mar
tin Julian, maunder of Fitzslmmons, In a tele
graphed interview yesterday from Chicago, de
nounced the National Club of this city, ami the
managers of that organisation have replied to
him m the following terms:
In Ills interview Martin Julian neglected to
state that he and Flt-slmmona robbed the San
Francisco public, as was since learned, by
playing a large sum of money on the proposi
tion that Sharkey would stay six rounds, and
that Fitz trifled with Sharkey until the ex
piration of that limit. lie also neglected to
give the club credit for exhausting every
remedy to prevent Sharkey from cashing' the
$10,000 check. Fitzslmmons and every boxer
who ever had an engagement In the National
Club can testify that no Jobbery will be toler
ated, and that every precaution Is taken to la
sure fair play and honest decisions.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. MARCH 10, 1801?.
HUNGRY HERDS
FORBIDDEN THE
RESERVATIONS
Request Of the Stock
men Denied.
WILL MOVE CATTLE NORTH
THE RAILROAD WILL GIVE A
HALF RATE.
A New Plan Evolved to Save the
Stock in the Drought-Stricken
Southern Portion of '
of the State.
The continued dry spell in the south
ern parts of the State has brought stock
i men face to face with the necessity of
i an immediate move if they would save the
| lives of their herds. The grazing lands
: are grassless and as the Government has
j refused to permit the cattle being allowed
! to feed on the reservations they must be
! removed from that section or die of star
j vation, and arrangements are now under
j way to send the famishing animals tp the
j more favored northern sections of the
1 State, where feed is plenty.
At a meeting of the Wool Growers' As
j sociation, held in this city March 4. and
j presided over by Chairman < '. H. Abbott,
■ a committee was sent to Sacramento for
\ the purpose of obtaining relief for the
herds of stock famishing in the parched
hills of the State. The Legislature passed
! a resolution requesting the Governor to
ask that the national parks be opened
for grazing purposes until the needed ,
rains came. ; .
The following telegram was sent by |
Governor Ga«v.
SACRAMENTO, March 6. ISM.
Hon Secretary of the Interior, Washington. •
DC: There is urgent necessity tor the open- j
' ing of mountain parka in this State for the
entry of sheep ana other livestock. Drought i
continues In great severity.
HENRY T. GAGE, Governor.
Secretary Hitchcock returned the fol- ;
lowing answer:
WASHINGTON. D. C, March S. 1899.
Governor Gage. Sacramento. Cal.: Telegram j
received urging opening of Yosemite. Sequoia
an. General Grant parks for grazing of cattle
I and sheep on account of drought. 1 ills request
' cannot be granted to permit occupancy of
i these lands for purpose indicated; would be In
i direct violation of the regulations prescribed
by Government of said reservations as well
as the acts of Congress, approved September
25 1897 and October -1. 1880, under which said
regulations were promulgated and lands set j
aside is parks and forest reservations.
E. A. HITCHCOCK. Secretary.
As the request is refused the stockmen
I who have been preparing to drive their
i herds into those reservations must seek
i other localities and preparations are be
, ing made to ship the cattle to northern
counties not affected by the drought, yy
I The Southern Pacific Is making prep
■ arations to move a large number of cattle
from the drought-stricken districts of tho
State to localities which have been more ,
: fortunate in getting rain course is
the result of numerous inquiries which <
' have come from the cattle raisers in the ;
southern part of California, whose stock ;
. will be materially injured if they are not
, sunn removed from the dry lands In that
section. Unless rain falls within the next
two weeks the railroad company will
move large herds into Trinity County,
which has had an abundance of rain and
consequently has good pasturage. Espe
cially are the cattle suffering in Kern
and San Luis Obispo counties, and the
i Kern Valley Cattle Company alone will
ship over 30.000 head into the northern
county It is: calculated that it will he j
necessary to move over 200.000 head to
save them, and the Southern Pacific will
make a special half-rate to assist the <
cattle men In their efforts to save their
i herds. '--•- : : -^ r ; ; _
i in speaking on the subject yesterday an |
I official of the company said that it was i
unfortunate that the United States quar- ;
antine laws would not permit the ship
! ment of cattle outside the boundaries of !
the State. _
DOGS OF HIGH DEGREE.
Champion Longtails Will Run at In-
gleside Coursing Park on
Saturday.
The Ingleside Coursing Park has fortu
nately secured the champion dogs of the
city and State for a meeting which will
commence on Saturday and will end on
Sunday. The drawing took place last
evening at Pythian Hall and a glance at
the programme will satisfy the most ex
acting of coursing enthusiasts that only
the dogs of high degree are represented.
The drawing resulted as follows:
A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty vs. T. Hughes'
Irene H; Kay & Trant's Christmas vs. H.
Sehlichtlng's Scarf pin; S. Hansen's I- S. Con
lev vs. T. J. Cronln's Arab; T. J. Cronln's
Wild Tralee vs. C. Grace's John W: .1. Kazan's
Billy Gladstone vs. D. Wood's Black Night;
Larkey & Rock's Minerva vs. J. Quane's Thad
Stevens; R. Watson's Richmond Lead vs. H. A.
Deckelman's Lawrence; T. Hughes' Nelly H vs.
.1. Ke -nan's Flying Buck; J. Sehaeffer's Pas
time vs. J. Keenan's Royal Back; .1. O'Don
nell's Las Palmas vs. H. A Deckelman's Fly
away; Handy & Smith' s Victor Queen vs. Lar
kev & Rock's Van Needa; H. A. Deckelman's
Rocket vs. Bartels Bros." Rest Assured; J.
Keenan's Royal Oak vs. Russell .v- Wilson's
Lady Herachel; T. J. Cronln's Thornhill vs. G.
H. Burfelnd's Royal Prize: J. Thrift's Brutus
vs H Lvnch's Lottie M: Dempsey A- Mutter's
Peter M vs. Dillon & Rellly's Granunle: T. F.
Logan's Miss Grizzle vs. J. O'Dowd's Scout;
Captain Clarkson's Conqueror vs. J. Thrift's
St Michael; J. Keenan's pear Not vs. J.
Byrnes' Mohawk; A. Vandenburg's American
Finale vs A Massey's Garden City; Handy &
Smith's Jenny Wilson vs. E. M. Kellogg's lowa
Girl; E. Scully's Capadura vs. Kay & Trant
Sylvia; H. Lynch's Mystic Maid vs. J. I.
O'Brien's Statesman; John Eagan's Mayflower
vs T J. Cronln's Rose of Tralee: C. Strehl's
Star Pointer vs. Larkey & Heck's Myrtle; J.
Byrnes' Nelly B vs. H. A. Deckelman's Glen
Chloe- J. Dean's Moondyne vs. A. Massey's
I lebtfoot; P. J- Redly names Nonpareil vs.
Russell & Wilson's Lady Emma: J. O'Dowd's
Clifton Lass -vs. A. Massey's Hattel; H. A
Deckelman's Prince George vs. Handy k
Smith's-, Ben Bolt: T. Dean's Gladiator vs. 11.
'4 Deckelman's Old Glory; J. Thrift's Grass
hooDer vs M Tiernan's Persecution; Handy &
SmithY- Twin City Girl VS. Hurley & Reillys
Water Witch; T. Sullivan's Maid of Hill vs.
!•■ M. Kellogg's Lady Gilmore; E. M. Kelloggs
Hummer vs. T. Butler's Susie: E. M. Kellogg
low™ Boy vs. S. McCullough's MagdaUah.
The 'prizes are $110. $75, $50. two at $37 50
each; four at $25 each, nine at $15 each and
eighteen at $7 50 each.
Pitchers for Wine.
Ever since the passage of the war tariff
schedule restaurateurs and revenue
agents have been in doubt as to whether
wine served to guests in pitchers and
glasses for consumption at meals was
SECTOR STRATTON TO
WED MISS GREGORY
OAKLAND. March The engage
ment of Senator F.S. Straiten of
this city to Miss Grace Gregory of
New York was announced to-night.
Miss Gregory formerly lived in this city
and Is a very popular and charming
lady. Senator Stratton has won fame
as a lawyer and enjoys a lucrative
practice. He has wealth, and is es
teemed by all who know him. He is
a member of the Senate, and as such
has gained prominence by his earnest
advocacy of Important measures. Miss
Gregory is now a resident of New
York. She met Mr. Stratton in local
society, and a mutual liking sprung
up between them. Although she took
up her residence in the East their cor
respondence has been continuous. No
date bos been announced for the wed
ding, hut it is said it will take place
booh after the adjournment of tb*
Legislature,
required to be stamped. The owners of
cheap restaurants discarded the use of
bottles for the red wine of the variety
known as "dago red," and served it- in
pitchers and glasses. Special Internal
Revenue Agent Burt Thomas wrote to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue for
light on the matter. A letter in reply
has been received stating that "ordinary
china pitchers such as are used for cream
or water pitchers do not. in the opinion of
this office, come within the description of
vessels of such size and material as show
them to be used for bottles or substitutes
for bottles for the purpose of evading the
tax."
KILLED WHILE AT PLAY.
Charles Macpherson. the 11-year-old son
of A. M. Macpherson, a commission mer
chant, fell from a trapeze in the stable at
his home, 216 Chattanooga street, yester
i day, and was so severely Injured that he
1 died in a short time. * /
The boy. with two younger brothers,
had been playing in the stable all of the
1 afternoon. When Mrs. Macpherson called
them to supper about 6 o'clock Charley
did not answer, and his two little brothers
i Informed their mother that he was lying ;
I on the floor of tire stable and would not I
! talk to them. An older brother was sent j
i out to Investigate and found the lad un- ,
' consc'ous. He was carried into the house,
i where he died before a physician could
| reach him. -* ? . •• - ' , .
There were no visible signs of an injury,
! but it is supposed that the boy's neck was
broken. The hoys who were with their
brother could give no very clear account
lof the accident. Coroner Hill was noti
fied of the death, but did not have the
body removed to the Morgue. An au
! topsy and inquest will be held at the j
j house to-day.
FLAMES ONCE CHECKED
BURST FORTH AGAIN
COSTLY EARLY MORNING BLAZE.
The Building* of the Pacific Power
Company Visited by
Fire.
■
An alarm was turned in from box 37 at
8:30 o'clock last night for a fire on the
fourth floor of the building owned by the
Pacific Power Company at -1 to 27 Steven
son street. The blaze started in the
printing establishment of Brown & Bley
from spontaneous combustion of oily
waste. Brown & Bley and Myerstein &
Co., manufacturers of shirts, sustained
a loss aggregating $2000.
At 3 o'clock this morning the flames
broke out anew in the building, and a gen
eral alarm. was turned in to subdue the
fire which had gained such headway that
before the department arrived oh the
scene tin' entire upper floor had been
gutted.
For a time it looked as if the entlir
building would necessarily be consumed.
The flames shot through the roof and
ate their way down to the third floor
with great rapidity, but when Chief Sul
livan got the new wafer tower to work
it was seen that the building could be
saved. Fifteen minutes after the large
number of streams which were turned
on the flames had been playing the blaze
had been confined to the top story.
Brown & Bley, printers and photo en
gravers, are the greatest losers. Their six
presses are totally destroyed as are all of
their type, photo engraving "appliance;'
the stock of paper and finished orders
they had on hand. Meyerstein & Co 'he
shirt manufacturers, will also suffer a
total loss. The machinery of the Pacific
Power Company on thelower floor Is great
ly damaged by water, and it is doubtful if
they will be able to run for several days.
A number of small factories throughout
the city secure their power from the com
pany and wil probably be obliged to shut
down. •' " 'W ' VV
The total loss to the building and con
tents Is variously estimated at from $30.
--000 to $60,000, and this is only partially
covered by insurance.
A heavy brick fire wall is all that saved
the building of the Krogh Manufactur
ing Company, next door to the power
company. The Krogh building, it will
be remembered, was totally gutted by a
fire on New Tear's night. After that
blaze new fire escapes and stand pipes
were placed- .on the power company's
building, and the department used these
to good advantage.
At 3:30 this morning the Are was well
under control. Streams were being played
from all sides of the building, an the
flames had been confined to the top floor
where it originated.
HEAD IN A GARBAGE PILE.
A partly dissected head of a man was
found yesterday morning in a pile of gar
bage at the Sanitary 'Reduction Works.
It was discovered by one of the workmen
engaged in raking down the garbage for
the furnace. It is impossible to learn
what wagon brought the gruesome thing
to the works or from what section of the
city it came. However, there is no doubt
that it was thrown into the refuse barrel
by some medical student. The skull had
been divided with a saw and the brain
removed, while other parts of the head
showed the marks of the dissecting knife.
Moreover, the color of the flesh showed
conclusively that it had been Immersed
In some preserving fluid. B£_i__
The senseless habit of throwing por
tions of human bodies hacked to pieces In
dissecting rooms into garbage barrels is
getting quite prevalent among a class of
smart medical students who consider it
professional- to be unfeeling and unnat
ural amid surroundings that horrify or
dinary persons. Superintendent Boucher
of the Reduction Works states that very
often his workmen find in the garbage
heap portions of the human frame cut
and sawn undoubtedly, by medical peo
ple. A closer investigation of the refuse
from the medical colleges by the health
or police authorities might put a stop to
the practice.
■m • —
Changes Among the Police.
Several changes were made yesterday
among; the police sergeants. Sergeant
Mooney.'was transferred from the O'Far
rell street station to the new station at
Page and Stanyan streets and Sergeant
Flanders from the Harbor station to the
O'Farrell street station. Sergeant Brophv
of the Southern station was transferred
to the Harbor station and Sergeant Mc-
Manus, late of the Chinatown squad, has
been detailed to the Southern station.
JONES OF ARKANSAS
IN DANGEROUS STATE
WASHINGTON, March 9.— Senator Jones of Arkansas, chairman of
the National Democratic Committee, is in a precarious condition
owing to his liability to another dangerous attack of hearffrou
ble at any time. As is usually the case in the intervals between
attacks of this nature, he is getting along very well just now,
and to-day was in comparatively fair condition after a good night's rest,
but is maintaining the utmost caution and under strict orders of his phy
sician, and avoiding any exertion. This is a radical change for a man of
Senator Jones' active habits and he naturally chafes under it. His mal
ady, angina pectoris, is at best a grave one and the outcome never can
be foreseen. So far, however, there have been no untoward complica
tions in Senator Jones' case and there is a strong hope that with abso
lute quiet and rest away from his work for a considerable period he may
recover.
MISS HAZZARD
IS INTERVIEWED
Wellesley's New Presi
dent a Cultured Lady.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, March The Call cor
respondent to-day secured the first in
terview obtained by any newspaper
with Miss Hazzard, the new president
! of Wellesley College, and learned what
| has not yet been made public, the fact
j that she is a multi-millionaire and that
j she has a residence in California.
"I have for a long time been inter
ested in Wellesley," she said when seen
at her magnificent mansion at Peace
dale, R. 1., to-day. "Through the in
! fluence of Horace Scudder I was asked i
to become a member of the board of
visitors for the departments of history
and economics. For five years I was
a visitor. When Mrs. Palmer was
president she wanted me to take an
j English chair, but I did not find it
possible.
"I am much in favor of outdoor life.
i College girls must have daily exercise.
I heartily approve of all outdoor sports. ,
i I realize, however, that they can be
' carried to excess, and should always
guard carefully any tendency in that
direction.
"I shall not teach at all. It would
I not be possible to find time."
Miss Hazzard spends most of her
time outdoors, wearing invariably the
short skirt. She is a musician and ar
: tist and a poet, and has a library of
j 6000 volumes. Her residence is practic
ally a public hall of music, art and
'< education.
For generations the Hazzards have
! been very wealthy. In a great measure
the town owes its prosperity and high
1 intellectual rank to the Hazzards, who
, have put them in touch with the best.
'■ The social and intellectual life of the
> town centers in the handsome stone
building which is library and music
hal! in one. ' ' 'VV , _
From the townspeople I learned how
Miss Hazzard has endeared herself to
everybody, rich or poor, old or young.
; They never tire of singing her praises.
! No- one in town is long sick unless Miss
Hazzard knows it; no one is in trouble
I and she not ready to sympathize and
help She is not only one of the trus
tees of the High School, but chief di
: rector of the kindergarten and one of
j the chief pillars of the Congregational
church. She has herself collected for
! the library some of the most valuable
' treasures that are on exhibition in the
i glass cases, and she is ever adding rare
, curios and the newest books. Some of
her own water colors, excellent in color,
■ drawing and simplicity, adorn the
walls. , _
In this building are the King
Daughters' headquarters. Miss Haz
zard»is their president. There are also
i rooms where kindergarten work Is car
ried on. It is through music, however,
' that Miss Hazzard has been most far
; reaching in her influence. She herself
I is a talented musician; not only, pos
j sessing a fine voice, but composing for
I the piano. About ten years ago she
'■ was Instrumental In organizing the
Narragansetl Choral Society. There
are about one hundred members.
LAWTON WILL
LEAD ADVANCE
UPON MALOLOS
Continued from First Page.
mules if mules can be had. If not. they
can be carried in sections on Philippine
ponies and put together in a very few
minutes. With the aid of a few how
itzers and a dynamite gun or so the
hillsides can soon be cleared and the
men advance in safety.
State Department officials are chuck
ling over the fact that Aguinaldo has
brought suit to recover part of the
$400,000 paid him by Spain as a bribe
for leaving the islands at the close of
the former rebellion. Much reference
to this sum was made in Congress re
cently, and affecting pictures were
drawn of this "modern George Wash
ington" turning over this entire sum to
his fellow patriots to buy arms for the
new rebellion. This latest move of the
Filipino chief shows that he did noth*
ing of the kind.
STRUCK THE LANDLORD.
Why Pugilist Solly Smith Appeared
in the Police Court.
NEW YORK. March 9.— Solly Smith, the
pugilist, who lives with his wife in Bar
bours Hotel, Westchester, was arraigned
in th. Police Court this morning, charged
with disorder!', conduct. John Barbour,
proprietor of the hotel, was the complain
ant. According to the story told In court
Smith who had dined out last evening,
arrived at the hotel somewhat the worse
for liquor. Soon after reaching his room
he began quarreling with his wife. Bar
bour made his way to the pugilist's room
and peered in at the door. He was greeted
with* a right-hand jab in the stomach.
The blow doubled him up, and the pugil
ist straightened him out again with a
wicked uppercut on the chin. Barbour
quickly summoned a policeman and had
Smith arrested. Barbour refused to press
his complaint against Smith, saying he
was a very good fellow when sober. The
magistrate thereupon discharged him.
CARLTON RICKARDS IS
DISMISSED FflOM OFFFICE
CHINESE 7NTERPRETER NEG
LECTS HIS DUTIES.
The Call's Exposures Result in a
Falling Off in the Flood of
Coolie Ita migration.
The Secretary of the Treasury, has de
clared vacant the position* of interpreter
in the Chinese Bureau, now .held by
Carlton Riekards. and a letter from the
Secretary containing that announcement
arrived at the bureau yesterday. - The
reason given for the dismissal of Mr.
Riekards is that he does not devote his
whole time to the duties of the position,
and that he has been late in reporting at
the bureau office on the days on which
his services have been required. It is not •
expected that a successor will be ap
pointed, as the department considers Dr.
Gardiner able to take care of all the In
terpreting required.
Previous to the administration of B.
E. Meredith the office was managed with
one Interpreter and fewer deputies. But
during the past two years, for reasons
that may lie obvious, the arrivals of Chi
nese have increased from an average of
1700 per annum to more than 3000. The in
creased Influx was so pronounced that It
was found necessary to employ additional
Inspectors and Fnterpreters. Since The |
Call a few months ago exposed the open- j
door policy under which the bureau was
managed the lines were drawn closer and
there was a falling off in the flood of Im
migration, notably in the number of fe- j
male slaves. ' .--,'•.:-'_
It is argued that with the proper safe- j
guards under an honest and abb adminis- j
tration of the bureau the arrivals will be j
reduced to less than 2000 and that a much
smaller force than that at present em- i
ployed will be able to handle all the busi- |
ness, as In days of yore.
V r . ADVERTISEMENTS. _____
-81-B-H-B-H-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-H-B-B-n-B-B-B-
A BELT WITH POWER.
.^f^^. Dr. Sanden has made the use of
__i_TTßffl_r __HJ_5 > electriciy the most popular as
'^*^^^*,^^^l ( j^^_^^sSp^?^ ( well as the most successful meth-
•«P s,s^W_l^i_§i__3^^>^'^f^i ■-_* ot^ of curin S disease. His Electric
"^^^^^H^^ „"£ _^fe • V Belt is the acme uf Perfection for
J&Spt^y' ■'$i§^ir^' xS?l_i soothing current of invigorating
j£§r s^^&rt^.f&flf fII warmth directly into .the seat of
. -S-f^> -^nl^piy^yiM^^. -.r-" •«_'^j_3fil tne nervo-vital system, adding to
isM&g&iSS*- " >^^'j_s________2^ ifia^^^^ the natural vitality with each
WS^fi^^^S ll Cures Nervous Weakness,
l Vi^Krß'* cures -while you sleep. It builds
up the vital forces in Nature's
own way by giving back lost strength. It has a, simple regulator to pre-
vent the blistering incident to the use of old-style Belts. It is guar-
anteed stronger . than any other Electric Belt made. Warranted for
years.
Read the book, "Three Classes of Men," sent, closely sealed, free. Call
or direct, -■ V
-' n __ . '_. I IITUI TV— Mark ? l - Cor - Kearny. San Francisco,
DKt M. A. MCLAUUDLIII, Office Hour*-, a*, m. to 8*:30 p. m. 5 * Sundays.
10 to i. Never sold in drug stores.
BALLOTS BOLDLY
TAMPERED WITH
Gross Frauds Right in
Open Court.
HERRINGTON IS GRILLED
JUDGE HYLAND SCORES THE
DARING SCHEMERS.
Tactics of a' San Jose Contestant That
Will Cause Him to Lose, and
Provide Work for the
Grand Jury.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March There were
some more sensational statements of
the discovery of fraud in the Herring
ton-Campbell contest this morning.
Judge Hyland did not mince things, but
told those interested in the matter that
he had found the grossest frauds, and
to make matters worse these had been
practiced right under his nose in open
court. The courtroom was jammed and
the spectators enjoyed the ••grilling''
Herrington's attorneys came in for.
Judge Hyland stated the contest was
now reopened for the purpose of either
side offering testimony as to the pecu
liar crosses and thumbmarks found on
the ballots which had evidently been
tampered with.
H. C. Moore, Herrington's attorney,
said he had no evidence to offer.
The Judge then gave a long explana
tion of the crookedness he had dis
covered. It was stated that Campbell
had by evidence impeached the validity
of six ballots from Vineland Precinct.
On these a peculiar cross had been used
and always in the interest of Herring
ton. These ballots had been tampered
with in the Interim between the count
of the ballots in the Conant-Lotz con
test and the present one. Campbell had
introduced testin.ony to prove these
marks were not on ballots in the con
test and the contestant h -d made no
attempt to refute it. Further there had .
been eleven blank ballots in Vineland
during the first contest, but during this
recount the number had changed to
nine blank ballots, and the missing two
had evidently been changed to Herring
ton votes. Judge Hyland stated he had
gone over a majority of the ballots of
the county and had found many ballots
that showed unmistakable signs of
fraud. In San Jose Precinct No. 7 there
were six of the ballots. The cross used
in. each instance was different from that
on the ballot and easily found. In
Precinct No. 5 there were four, in Pre
cinct No. 6 one. in Precinct No. 4 one.
These were counted prior to February
6 and on all the same cross was used.
After this date a different cross was
used and the user had left his thumb
marks around It in evidence. Of these
marks San Jose Precinct No. 11 showed
two ballots. Precinct No. 18 three, Pre
cinct No. 20 five and University Pre
cinct one. In all some twenty-nine of
these ballots had been changed. This,
the court stated, was the result of his
research. He again inquired if either
side had any evidence to present in the
matter.
Moore answered in the negative.
Campbell rose to a point of explanation.
He said he had no excuse to offer as he
had directed the court's attention to
the matter. They had proved by testi
mony the ballots had been tampered
with. The fraud had been against them.
The marking of the ballots had been a
piece of villainy of which they were the
intended victims, but the plans had
been thwarted and the fraud detected.
Judge Hyland then ordered the case
submitted for final determination.
Gang politicians are not pleased with
the outcome of the contest for they now
realize Campbell will be given the de
cision. Furthermore the Grand Jury
now in session may take the matter up
and bring in some indictments.
It is thought that the same tactics
employed to count Herrington in were
used in the Conant-Lotz contest. Lot*
was given the certificate of election
over Conant by two votes. This was
after the Supervisors had reconsidered
their action whereby they gave the
election to Conant on a similar vote
and had cut down his majority of four
teen Instead of gaining in the contest
he lost from the start and Lotz's lead
of two was increased over a hundred. •
Conant's friends now claim he was
counted out.
JUNIOR DAY RESTORED.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 9.—
The junior class is happy over the fact
that Its holiday, or Junior day. has been
restored to them after being held In
•abeyance for three years. An abuse of
the privilege caused the university au
thorities to withhold the holiday. The
day selected for the celebration Is. March
24 * when class exercises will be given in
the morning, a farce presented In the af
ternoon and a dance in the evening.
The committees appointed by President
Healey to take charge of the affairs are
Junior^prom— Miss Bessie Henry, A. J.
Junior prom— Miss Bessie Henry A. J.
Edwards. F.S. Fox. G. L. Seward. W. H.
Belch I. G. Egan. F. B. Riley. J. F.
Lanagan (chairman). .
JunTor day-Miss Clara Markin. Miss
JessTe Haskell. T. J. Perry. G. P. Roberts.
C. B. Strohn.'B. C. Nichols, A. J. Ed-
Junior farce-Miss H. Holmes. W. A.
Irvin. Briston Adams, J. S. Briscoe. F.
B. Riley (chairman).
Papal Nuncio Dead.
PARIS, March Mgr. Cia rl. the papal
nuncio here who was stricken with apo
plexy yesterday,. is dead.
34
GREAT BRITAIN
AND THE CZAR
TALKING PEACE
Yet Goschen Will Not Abate One
Shilling in the Demands for
England's Navy.
♦ LONDON", March 10.— ♦ I
•♦- Daily Graphic makes the foi- + I
+ lowing announcement this morn- + j
■f ing: "The Niuehwang loan con- + |
-*- tract crisis has been amicably ♦ |
-*■ settled by a direct exchange of ♦ j
♦ views between the British and -♦• !
♦ the Russian governments. The -♦- '
■*■ Russian assurances are com- ♦ ]
•*■ pletely satisfactory. The - whole ♦ ;
+ difficulty is ended and the two + j
•♦• governments are arranging a + i
«**- scheme by which their relations -♦- 1
♦ in the Far East may be perma- ■*■ \
■*■ nently regulated + i
LONDON. March 9.— ln introducing
the naval estimates in tl^e House of j
Commons to-day the First Lord of the !
Admiralty, the .Right Hon. George J. |
Goschen. said that never had estimates
been submitted under more unique cir
cumstances. Ahead was the conference
for international disarmament while
behind were the incidents of last No
vember, and while a comparison of the
naval strength of the various countries
was in every mouth, the most striking
confidence was shown in British pre
paredness to meet all emergencies.
The continental powers, he further
said, were disturbed by the allegation
that Great Britain was preparing with
a particular purpose for aggressive ac
tion, but, the Minister asserted, the
idea never entered the mind of the
Government. He then proceeded to de
tail the naval programme.
Mr. Goschen said her Majesty's Gov
ernment proposed to make Wei-Hai
"Wei, the war port on the northern coast
of the Shan Tun peninsula, a secondary
naval base, pointing out that it would
be a most valuable anchorage and of
the greatest importance In any opera
tions in Chinese waters and adding that
it was proposed to expend £1,300,000 on
"\Vei-Hai-Wei during the present year
and £1,500,000 next year.
Continuing, Mr. Goschen informed the
House that the personnel of the navy
for the coming year would be increased
by 4250 men. making a total of 110,640,
at a cost of £4,474,000.
Comparing the pay of the personnel
Mr. Goschen said that while Great Brit
ain paid £7,000,000 and France £3,000,
--100, Russia paid only £445,000. He could
not understand how that was, but that
was all the estimates revealed.
Referring to ship-building he said the
coming programme had been framed
after consideration of the programmes :
of the other powers. These, he pointed
out were not reassuring. The United
States Russia, France. Japan, Italy
and Germany had under construction
685.000 tons of warships, or 225,000 tons
more than was contemplated in the
present estimates.
This had forced the Government to
RUSSIAN CZAR'S
PEACE CONGRESS
It Will Meet at The
Hague.
• Special Dispatch- to The Call.
THE HAGUE, March 9.— The Peace
Conference, otherwise the conference of
representatives of the powers, called by
the Czar to discuss the possibility of
taking steps toward a general disarma
ment, will meet here on May 18.
NEW YORK, March 9.— A London
special cable to the Journal says:
Prince Krapotkin, scientist and exiled
leader of Russian nihilists, has taken
advantage of the present critical rela
tions between Russia and England to
issue an appeal to the English-speaking
world against accepting the Czars
peace manifesto. He declares it is not
considered sincere even by the Rus
sians.
Prince Krapotkin's address con
tinues: "Since Pobiedonotseff issued
this proclamation in the name of the
Czar he has tried to flog and torture
13,000 Doukhobors into military ser
vice, and meanwhile the Czar has been
violating the constitution of Finland
in order to impose compulsory military
service upon the people. It is too re-,
volting to be witnessed with patience.
••Sensational journalists are leading
the public astray anent the venom
concealed in the manifesto. Through
out Russia the press is strictly forbid
den to discuss the armament question.
The pulpit also is under rigorous cen
sorship to prevent the priests speaking
against war."
LONDON. March 10.— The Daily
Graphic says this morning it under
stands that Sir Julian Pauncefote,
British Embassador at Washington,
has been appointed to represent Great
Britain at the forthcoming conference
for the limitation of armaments.
MATTHEW GILLIGAN
IN LEGAL TROUBLE
The Fair Will Case "Hack Man" Al
leged to Have Defrauded His
Creditors.
SAN RAFAEL. March • 9.— Leon A. Lan- .
c^l. as assignee of the estate of Matthew
Gililgan. an insolvent debtor, has brought
suit in the Superior Court through At- |
torney J. W. Cochrane against Gilligan,
his daughter Louise, et al., for the recov
ery of certain property alleged to be pur
chased with money fraudulently secured
Gilligan is the man whose "hack iigured ,
so prominently in the Fair will case, and
is one of the most prominent merchants in
this city. . ,-_.„.
It is alleged in the complaint that on
April 29. 189 S. Gilligan tiled a petition in j
insolvency for the sum of $300. and was ,
declared to be an Insolvent debtor. In j
May of the same year the creditors met \
and assigned their claims to Lancet. It !
Is further alleged that on February 13,
1698, in contemplation of insolvency pro
ceedings, Gilligan deeded his property to
his daughter Louise, with the intention
of defrauding his creditors; that after- :
ward the Hibernia Bank foreclosed on
Gilligan's Fourth street property, which
was resigned to them after the bank had
paid the daughter Louise the sum of j
$3000. With this money Gilligan is said
to have purchased the goods necessary to |
stock his boot and shoe store. I
Lancel prays the court to declare thai
said personal property of Gilligan the
property of his creditors, as he has not :
yj»t been discharged from insolvency pro- |
ceedings. Judge Angellottl made an order |
for Giiiigan to appear in court on the 13th i
inst. and show cause why such should not
be done. •
Crushed by Falling Rock. j
MADRID, March 9.- vast quantity of
rock overhanging the village' of Rucuerja. ,
near A'baceto, In the province of that
name, fell to-day. destroying many
houses and killing eleven people. 1
draw up a new programme. Excluding
last year's supplemental programme, it
provided for two ironclads, two ar
mored cruisers and three smaller cruis
ers of a specially high speed. -.
The money required,, therefore, for
the coming financial year was £550,000
and the total under the shipbuilding
vote, including the liabilities for last
year's original and supplementary pro
grammes would be £12,817,000. an in
crease of over £2,000,000. The total
estimates were £26,594,000.
. For armament Mr. Goschen asked
an increase. of £161,000, chiefly for the
construction of guns, but also for more
ammunition for practice, which, he as
serted, was a matter of enormous im
portance, as shown by the late war.
After speaking of the necessity for
an increased shipbuilding vote, he said
these "were the votes required by the
present situation. t
"But," he added, "would that the ac
tion of other nations, recognizing that
the coming international conference,
could make it possible for us to dimin
ish or modify the programme, while,
'of course, maintaining our standard
and relative position."
Mr. Goschen then announced, in be
half of her Majesty's Government,
that if the other great naval powers
were prepared to diminish their pro
grammes. . Great Britain was prepared
to modify hers. But If the Czar's de
sires were not realized, the programme
would have to stand, and .he (Mr.
Goschen) expressed the hope that those
who were proposing to attack the
country's expenditure Would not at
tempt to dissuade the people from
bearing the taxation necessary to
carry on the duties of the empire.
In conclusion the First Lord of the
Admiralty said the estimates were
•'simply the embodiment of the feel
ings of a peace-loving, determined na
tion."
Mr. Goschen emphasized the purely '
defensive objects of the naval increase, j
but said that in view of the construe- j
tion by her rivals of fast cruisers, with
the avowed purpose of preying upon j
British commerce and Great Britain's :
food supply in the event of war. Eng- j
land was forced to build five new ;
cruisers, particularly swift, in order to ;
circumvent these schemes. He also
said that the four armored cruisers j
now being built under the original pro
gramme would be the most powerful
ships in the world.
The Times, referring editorially to the j
statement of the First Lord of the Ad- ;
miralty in the House of Commons yes
terday, says: "It is betraying no state
secret to affirm that nothing but the !
strength of our navy saved us from (
having to choose between the loss of j
what our arms had on in the Soudan
and a war which would speedily have f
"st fifty times what we spent In avert- [
ing it." j
RAFFEL AMAZES
THE STATESMEN
Coolly Set Asidethe Ber-
lin Treaty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 9.— The State
Department has been informed that Dr.
Solf has sailed from Germany for New
York en route to tSamoa. • He has been
named by the German Government to
replace Dr. Raffel, the late president of
the Municipal Council at Apia, who has
just arrived at San Francisco on his
way back to Berlin. It is probable that
he will cross Dr. Solf somewhere in this
country and inform him as to the situa
tion in the Samoan Islands when he
left.
The rather naive explanation given
by Dr. Raffel at San Francisco yester
day of the conditions under which he
came to" interfere with the Chief Justice
at Apia* were received here with some
amazement, the officials pointing out
that the doctor clearly saw no impro
priety in the setting aside of the solemn
obligation of the Berlin treaty by the
little Municipal Council of Samoa.
It is a fact that had Chief Justice
Chambers not been guilty of the im
prudence of commenting so freely, upon
the German Government and allowing
those comments to be published in. the
letter to his brother in this country, he
would have the fullest, support of the
State Department. But while the ex
amination so far made of the reports
from all sources of the events that took
place at Apia in connection with the
kingly succession case go to show that
the Chief Justice acted within his
rights, it is argued that his replacement
by another American would go a long
way toward effecting a peaceable ad
justment of the conditions in Samoa.
JAPAN SUPPORTS
IN RESISTING ITALY
Report That Humbert's Government
Had Landed Marines at San
Mun Bay Not True.
LONDON, March 10.— Shanghai cor
respondent of the Daily Mall says that
Japan is supporting China In her resist
ance to Italy's demands for a concession
at ' San Mun. ' • ".
The Peking correspondent of the Times
says: "The Tsung Li Yamen has notified
Signor Martino. the Italian Minister, that
his dispatch asking for a concession at
San Mun was returned to him because it
was impossible to comply- with the re
quest and because a refusal might have
endangered the relations between It_.»y
and China; but.it was added that as the
action had been misunderstood, the Chi
nese Minister In Rome has been in
structed to express the Tsung Li Yamen's
regrets." -
PEKING. March 9.— The report that the
Italians have seized San Mun, on San Mun
Bay, province of Che Kiang, which the
Italian Minister, Signor. Martino. had de-,
manded as a naval base and coaling sta
tion; is officially declared unfounded. "
POISONED BY SAMPLES.
Santa Rosa's"; Council Protects Chil
dren From Patent Medicines.
SANTA ROSA; March 9— At Tuesday
night's meeting of the City Council that
body adopted an ordinance that will in
the future prevent the distribution of
patent, medicine samples in this city in
the future except upon certain conditions.
Two or three children .during the past
few months have been poisoned by eating
medicine samples found upon the steps or
in the yard, and the new law will provide
that hereafter all such samples must ho
handed to some grown person upon the
premises and not thrown inside the yard
where they may be picked up by the lit-
tle ones-.. .... , ....
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 10, 1899.
GERMANY
BUYS THE
CAROLINES
Rios Ordered to Turn Over
Spain's Remaining Asiatic
Possessions.
.. -• -
GENERAL WILL OBEY
*. .■■■.;: .;:■■■■..■■•• ' • '■.■"• v * .'.-.'.->-''•*■':'*•'
Natives Loot Two Interisland
Steamers Sailing Under the
American Flag.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tori-
Herald. -Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
•'. don Bennett.
MANILA, March 9.— General Rlos,
commander of the Spanish forces, has
resigned, owing to the fact that the
Government at Madrid consulted with
the Archbishop of Manila as to the
best means of liberating the Spanish
prisoners. On receiving satisfaction he
resumed his office.
Spain now requires him to occupy the
Caroline, Marianne and Pelew Islands
before handing them over to Germany,
which is apparently tneir purchaser.
The steamships Saturnus and Gloria,
which left Manila under the American
flag on February 1, returned to-day.
They report that on their " arrival at
Currimeo, province of llocos, the native
crews deserted. After a few days they
returned armed, seized the stores and
cargoes on the vessels and then aban
doned the steamships.
The Spaniards on both steamships
united, got up steam on the Saturnus
and towed the Gloria to Manila.
The steamship San Joaquin reports
that on her arrival at the same prov
ince the native crew murdered the
Spanish captain and engineer and even
the Chinese passengers.
TO ESTABLISH BANKS
IN THE ISLANDS
NEW YORK, March 9.— Negotiations
have been pending for some weeks oast
which have culminated in definite ac
tion toward the organization of - cor
poration to transact a general banking
business at Manila. J. & W. Seligman
& Co. of this city are at the head of
the enterprise and the new bank will
be ready for business in a short time.
The Manila corporation will be prob
ably known as the Anglo-American
Bank: The plan, it is understood, has
the approval of the administration.
It is also reported that the Anglo-
Californian Bank of San Francisco, in
conjunction with bankers in this city.
San Francisco and London, has ar
ranged to start a 'bank' in Honolulu.
As the United States banking law can
not yet be applied to banks in Hawaii
the bill to that effect having failed in
passage at the last session of Congress,
it is. probable that the. bank will be
organized under, the Hawaiian laws."
which are understood to be liberal, al
though not permitting the issue of
bank notes. Under the laws of the
island, the Government absolutely con
trols the issue of all notes.
ANDERSON WILL
SUCCEED MILLER
WASHINGTON, March 9.— A change
in command of the United States forces
at Iloilo will occur on March 27, re
sulting in the retirement of General
Marcus Miller, who on that date
reaches the age limit of sixty-four
years. General Miller is in the regu
lar service, having been promoted only
recently to the rank of brigadier gen
eral. If he were in the volunteer ser
vice his retirement would not be com
pulsory, a precedent to the contrary
having been established in the case of
several general officers who held com
mands during the Spanish war. Gen
eral Miller's service in the Philippines
has been recognized by the War De
partment as of great value, his capture
of Iloilo without loss to the American
forces having marked an important
epoch in the operations in the islands.
His compulsory retirement is a matter
of regret to the department. He will
be succeeded in the natural order of
promotion by Colonel Thomas M. An
derson, who now ranks as a brigadier
general of volunteers.
REBEL INCENDIARIES
LAND AT PANDACAN
MANILA, March 10 (11:25 a. m.).—
Rebel incendiaries landed at the vil
lage of Pandacan last night for the
purpose, it is alleged, of terrorizing
those of the inhabitants who do not
sympathize with the insurrection. A
number of native houses were de
stroyed.
With. the exception of San Pedro Ma
cate, where Filipino sharpshooters in
cessantly annoy the American troops,
matters are unusually quiet along the
line. The weather is much cooler to
day. t . —
GREATER GROWS ROLL
OF MANILA CASUALTIES
WASHINGTON. March The follow
ing cablegram has been received at the
War Department:
MANILA. March 9.— Adjutant General,
Washington: Casualties March 7, near
pumping station: Killed— First Nebraska,
Company B. Private Roscoe Young; Com
pany G. Guy C. Walker. Wounded— First
Nebraska. Company B, Captain Claude
Hough, thigh, moderate; Private Herbert
Hergel, neck, moderate; Twentieth Infan
try. Company M, Private Frank Young,
arm, moderate; Company G. John Curran,
chest and lung, severe; First Wyoming,
Company F. Captain John D. O'Brien,
forearm, moderate; Company C, Private
Joseph Spaeds, groin, severe; Engineer
Major J. F. Bell, thigh, slight.
Near San Pedro . Macate — Wounded—.
First Wyoming. Company G. Musician G.
E. Small, knee, moderate; First Washing
ton. Company H, Private Sydney O. Dick
inson, breast, - slight. OTIS. '
DORAN A SANTA ROSA LAD.
SANTA ROSA, March The relatives
of George L. Doran, Company F, Eight
eenth Infantry, were shocked to read In
this morning's papers an account of his
death at Manila on Tuesday. Doran lived
in this city almost all his life and was
the son of the late William Doran, one of
the oldest and best-known settlors. His
mother and a brother and sister reside on
Cherry street, and a host of friends here
with them mourn their loss.
Condition of Belgium's Queen.
BRUSSELS. March 9.— Pessimistic ru
mors regarding the condition of Queen
Marie Henriette continue. A bulletin is
sued late this evening says she had a se
rious relapse during the afternoon, but
afterward Improved.
AMPHITRITE
JUST MISSES
DESTRUCTION
Boilers on the Monitor on
the Point of Blowing
Her Up.
LEAK FOUND IN TIME
Her Officers Trying to Keep the
Story of Her Narrow Escape
a Secret.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NORFOLK. Va.. March 9.— The story
of how the United States monitor Am
phitrite, commanded by Captain Bar
clay, narrowly escaped from possible
destruction by an explosion leaked out
here to-day. The monitor arrived in
Hampton Roads on March 1 from the
Boston navy yard, which place she left
on February 24. She had not proceed
ed far from Boston when it was as
certained that the parts of her machin
ery overhauled at the Boston yard had
been improperly put together. The
necessary repairs were made and all
went well until the monitor was off
Sandy Hook, where she put in to es
cape rough weather.
While at anchor there the machinist
accidentally discovered that the pipes
leading from the salt water evapora
tors through the bilge to the boilers
were leaking badly. He reported his
discovery and . an investigation was
hurriedly made. The bilge was found
WILL PLAY AND SING AT
HER OWN DEATH SERVICE
_M_rs. _Poirier and Passlow
to Be Hanged Back
to Back.
■ ST. SCHOLASTIQUE, Quebec. March 9.— Samuel Passlow, who was to B
™ be hanged with Mrs. Cordelia Poirier to-morrow for the murder of the .g
9 latter's husband, tried to escape last night and had actually got out of X
S his cell when the guards detected him. V
I Mrs. Poirier, who was the organist at St. Canut Church, has asked as £
$ a last favor that her parlor organ be brought into the jail so she may £
0 play and sing the musical part of her own death service. V
® MONTREAL, Quebec, March 9.— At the request of the Catholic priest $
2 it has been decided to hang Sam Passlow and Cordelia Poirier at St. <•*>
B. Schlastique to-morrow back to back and with a heavy black curtain «
% between them. . &
flooded and' from alb appearances the
water intended for the boilers had
been wasting for!, about forty-eight
hours through the flange joints of the
pipes, which, it is said, had not been
properly riveted at the Boston navy
yard. Temporary repairs were made
by the monitors' machinists and the
vessel bore away for Hampton Roads.
It is said that if the leakage had been
discovered one-half hour later than it
was the chip would in all probability
have been sunk by an explosion of her
boilers. week the monitor has been ly-
For a week the monitor has been ly
ing in the inner harbor, and work
men have been busily engaged repair
ing the damaged pipes. A member of
the crew to-day intimated that the rea
son for the vessel's not coming to the
navy yard for repairs was probably
because of a desire on the prtofte
officers to keep the story of her nar
row escape from sinking from becom
ing known. ,
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, March 9.-Mattie A.
gut was to-day appointed Postmistress
at Palclnes, San Benito County. Cal.. vice
L B A .Tones removed. Assistant Secretary
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War, Will D. Hinckley. a clerk now n
his city, recently relieved from duty in
the office of the inspector general. Depart
ment of Porto Rico, is transferred to the
Department of California. He will be
sent to headquarters of that department
San Francisco, and will report not- later
than March 20 to the department com-
m The e r d n U ly transfers are made; Com
i mit ry Sergeant Francis McCaffery, now
I ™ furlough at Fort Mason. California,
having rclfnqulshed the unexpired portion
of the furlough granted him from Manila
to Fort Mason. California, to relieve Com
missary Sergeant John Wikander; Cora
m ssary Sergeant Wikander, when thus
relieved, to Manila. He will be sent to
that station and report upon his arrival
to Colonel David L. Brainard, chief com
missary of volunteers. Department of
the Pacific, for assignment to duty.
Private William J. Dunn, Company t_.
Fourth United States Infantry now sup
posed* to be en route to Manila will be
I discharged the service of the. United
I States upon receipt of this order by the
I commanding officer of his station. Second
i Class Private Charles Esplin Jr., Com
pany A. Battalion of Engineers. U. 8. A.
• Manila, -will be discharged the service or
the United States. «_'__.
Leave of absence for two months is
' granted First Lieutenant Harry L. Haw
! thorne. Sixth United States Artillery, to
| take effect when, In the opinion of the
! commanding general of the Department
< of the Pacific, his services can be spared.
: Leave of absence on surgeon's certificate
; of disability granted Post Chaplain John
H. M acorn U. S. A., Department of
j California, Is extended to five months on
surgeon's certificate of disability.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
: California: Original— Benjamin P. Shuler.
Los Gates. $S; Henry P. Wehrung, Sol
diers' Home. Los Angeles. $10. Increase-
Francis W. Noble, Hollister. $(' to $8.
Oregon: Original— Sidney D. Richardson,
I Bandon, $6.
Test of a New Magazine Rifle.
WASHINGTON, March There was a
private test at the navy yard to-day of a
new magazine rifle, the invention of S.
M. McLane of Cleveland, Ohio. General
Miles and some other army officers wit
nessed the test. .The new gun uses the
gases generated by the firing to operate
the magazine mechanism. It can be so
arranged that one pull of the trigger emp
ties the magazine, or it can be fired as
slowly as desired, the automatic arrange
ment ejecting the empty shells, reloading
and cocking the piece. The test, on the
whole, was satisfactory.
Carlos' Very Latest.
LONDON, March 10.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Chronicle says
that Don Carlos, the pretender, has for
bidden the Carlists to take part in the
forthcoming election to the new Cortes.
PRETTY FARCE OF
INSPECTING THE
PACKING HOUSES
Chicago Contractors Had Ample
Time to Prepare the Play and
It Works Smoothly.
CHICAGO, March 9.— The Court of
Inquiry to examine the beef question
to-day began its work in this city,
where are located the plants of the
packers who held the contracts for
supplying the army with animal food.
Two of the members, Brigadier General
George W. Davis and Lieutenant Col
onel George R. Davis, the judge advo
cate and recorder, reached here
Wednesday night and the other two
members, Major General James F.
Wade and Brigadier General George L.
Gillespie, arrived this morning.
A short executive session was held
at the army headquarters in the Pull
man building, and it resulted in a de
cision to defer the taking of testimony
until after an inspection had been made
of the packing houses at the stock
yards, 'where the refrigerated beef and
canned beef are prepared. The court
began In the killing room. The next
place visited was the cooling room.
Here were found several halves of beef
which had been condemned, either be
cause the beef was badly bruised or
gave evidence that the animal had had
tuberculosis. This condemned beef had
been placed by itself, and while the
court was present men came in to re
move it to the rendering tanks, prepara
tory to turning it into fertilizer. The
court examined these tanks carefully,
possibly in view of the statement that
the carcasses passed through them.
There certainly was no evidence of such
passage. ! From this room the court was
taken to the one in which the meat is
prepared for canning and saw the men
at work cutting up the meat. The next
THRILLING STORY
OF PERE FLEURY
Held in Captivity by
Chinese Rebels.
Special Dispatch to The Tali.
TACOMA, Wash.. March 9.— Oriental
advices just received state: The Chung
King correspondent of the North China
Daily News sends the following thrill
ing story of Pere Fleury's captivity,
as related by himself:
"On the 17th of January Yu Mantze
found himself completely surrounded
by the Fantai's troops. His escape was
impossible, so he came to me and told
me to get away to the imperial troops
at once as the Fantai had promised
him and his followers their lives if they
delivered me up safely. I started away
immediately, Yu Mantze accompanying
me. We had not gone many li before
we were overtaken by about 200 of Yu's
men, who wished to kill me, and would
have done so but for the earnest exhor
tations of Yu. He explained how the
Fantai had promised them their lives
and liberty if they delivered me up,
how that if they killed me they would
be destroyed, and finally how the coun
try would be invaded by a foreign army
and they would be exterminated. Yu's
councils prevailed and the 200 would-be
murderers turned themselves into my
bodyguard and escorted me to the out
posts of the imperial troops.
"Yu's men, a month ago, numbered
8000, but he has only about 2000 now,
the Fantai having struck fear into their
hearts; 300 were killed in the big fight
a short while ago. I was treated kindly
during the whole of my captivity; any
man Yu heard reviling me he knocked
down. Yu was afraid to kill me. al
though I invited him to do so. He car
ried me around from city to city and
made me witness the murder of many
Christians. One old man who was 65
years of age was murdered before my
eyes'. Yu is backed up by local officials
and the gentry, the latter helping him
considerably with money, the former by
shutting their eyes."
Pere Fleury is only 29 years of age
and has been in China but three years,
seven months of which he' has spent in
captivity. ___________________
ENGINEERS AT HONOLULU
TO BE CALLED HOME
WASHINGTON, March 9.— Four com
; panics of the Second United States Vol-
u nteer Engineers, comprising those at
j Honolulu, are shortly to be called home.
I They have been on duty. there since the
! outbreak of the Spanish war. They have
| been | maintained at Honolulu 1 and the
j engineer troops will be relieved either
Iby four companies of the Twenty
j fourth. Infantry (colored) now in Utah,
jor by two or more batteries of the
Sixth Artillery. The batteries of the
j Sixth Artillery are now in Manila and
! the remainder of the regiment now dis
j tributed along the Atlantic Coast under
orders to proceed there. Although not
yet settled it is probable two .or more
of these batteries will be utilized for
military service in Hawaii. In .that
case they will be detached from the
expedition on Its way to the Philippines.
General Shafter, commanding the De
partment of California, has been . in
formed that the Sixth Artillery may be
utilized for this service and has been
instructed to recruit the regiment to its
maximum strength.
I room visited was the canning depart -
! ment. Here the cooked meat was
* brought in in huge caldrons, deposited
on a platform and put into cans by ma
chinery, the, cans removed and sealed,
only a pinhole being left open in the
top. Next the cans were put under an
iron tank where they were subjected
to a heat of 250 degrees— the sterilizing
process. While the court was in this
room a number of cans of roast beef
which had an old appearance^ and
which it was said had been in Porto
Rico, were opened. The meat inside
was good and the members of the court
tasted it. Subsequently the court was
shown through the printing, packing
and other branches. Barring* the kill
ing room everything about the estab
lishment was very clean.
\fter leaving the yards the court
went to the Bureau of Animal Industry
—a branch of the Agricultural Depart
ment—and obtained some information
from W. S. Devoe, who is in charge.
They read the law governing the in
spection of animals and inquired as to
the details of the work of inspection.
Inspectors are stationed in the yards
proper, and they condemn any diseased
cattle they see. The inspectors at the
packing houses supplement their work
by examining the carcasses after
slaughter and throw out any bearing
evidence of pulmonary troubles.
To-morrow morning the court will go
to the stock yards and spend the entire
day there in going over three other
packing houses. It is not likely that
any testimony will be taken before
Saturday morning. It is quite likely
that the evidence taken will be con
fined to that of the foreman or work
men, who have personal, knowledge of
the preparation of refrigerated beef and
canned roast beef for consumption.
CAUGHT STEAMING
PRIVATE LETTERS
Arrest of Postmaster at
Wilkesbarre.
Special Dispatch to Th- Call.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., March 9.—Ed
ward F. Bogart, Postmaster of Wilkes
barre, was arrested to-day, charged
with tampering with the United States
mails. About two months ago several
complaints were lodged with the postal
authorities at Washington that mail
was disappearing and when received
bore evidence of having been opened
by a steaming process. The postal au
thorities subsequently detailed two Se
cret Service men on the case under
orders of Inspector Gorman. Last
night after the mail of the Baltimore
and Washington express arrived and
had been distributed, Bogart 'entered
the office and was seen to take several
letters from the boxes and then go into
his private office and carefully draw
the curtain.
A few minutes later a detective who
was acting as clerk turned out an elec
tric light in the rear end of the office,
this being a signal to two other secret
service men .who were stationed out
side. The man on the inside carefully
admitted his associates, one of whom
was Hugh Gorman. The two men
went at once to Bogart's private office
and without the ceremony of knocking
entered and found the postmaster
seated at his desk, on which lay the let
ters addressed to prominent business
men in this city, and all of them
opened. The postmaster was surprised
and not a little excited for a few mo
ments, but soon recovered his com
posure. He was later escorted to. his
home by the secret service men, where
a warrant for his arrest was subse
quently served. He was taken before
United States Commissioner Hahn,
where he gave bail in $4000 for his ap
pearance later.
Mr. Bogart, besides being editor of
the Evening Leader of this city, is a
member of a large number of lodges
and for the. past ten or twelve years
has been an active member of the base
ball association, a brother of the late
Joseph K. Bogart, a gentleman who
was prominent in Democratic county
and State politics and at the time of
his death was Postmaster.
Postmaster Bogart would not be in
terviewed, but in his paper, the Even
ing Leader, to-night, appears the fol
lowing:
"There are always two sides to a
question and when there are three or
four fellows, and one or two in par
ticular, clamoring for a political of
fice and hungry for the emoluments
attached thereto, there are sure to be
schemes worked and plans formed to
entrap the incumbent, cause his re
moval and punish him otherwise, even
if nothing further than the annoyance
and chagrin that the accomplishment
of their devilish underhand work im
poses. When the diabolical schemers
are fully shown up and their nefarious
trickery exposed there is a question as
to which side will furnish the raciest
reading." .
The inference to be drawn from the
above is that Bogart imagined himself
the victim of a conspiracy to oust him
from the Postmastership, and in order
to discover the conspirators he opened
letters addressed to Republican poli
ticians.
WILL END IN SMOKE
AND DREYFUS' PARDON
LONDON, March 10.— The Daily News
publishes an interview with Count
Ferdinand Watsin .Esterhazy. who is
represented as having said: "The fire
works of the Dreyfus affair are only
just commencing. One thing is cer
tain. It is all up with General de 80-is
deffre. He and General Poget are re
sponsible for Colonel Henry's forgery
and death. All the excitement, how
ever, will end in smoke and the par
don of Dreyfus."
The Paris correspondent of the Daily
News, who secured the interview, says:
"There is a curious connection between
this statement by Esterhazy and a
statement made by M. Drumont in the
anti-Semite Libre Parole. He also
throws General de Boisdeffre over and
says he will be expelled from the
army."
Frawley Goes to Washington.
NEW YORK. March 9.— T. Daniel Fraw
ley has gone to Washington to pave the
way for opening his stock company at
the Columbia Theater there on April 3.
The opening attraction will be "Trilby."
Several of the players were with Mr.
Frawley when he had his stock company
at the Columbia Theater, San Francisco.
DANGER OF
AN ARMED
COLLISION
■ - ■
Canadian Miners Encroach
Upon Territory in
Alaska.
EXPULSION THREATS
State Department Has Informed
Great Britain and It Is Hoped
Intruders Will Be Called Off.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 9.— The Her_Jd's
Washington correspondent sends th»
following: There is grave danger of an
armed collision between American and
Canadian miners in the Porcupine
River region on the boundary between
Alaska and British territory.
This part of the Alaska boundary is
not in any diplomatic dispute. It i?
defined clearly by treaty and follows
the 141 st meridian of west longitude.
The location of this meridian and of the
boundary is merely a matter of sur
veying. A surveying party sent out by
the United States some years ago to
co-operate with the Canadian party in
locating the 141 st meridian fixed the
point at which the meridian crosses the
Porcupine River. The Canadian sur
veyors did not get over this part of the
line, but it is probable that if they had
they would have located the meridian
practically in the same place as' that
determined on by the Americans,- as
wherever the two surveys covered the
same ground they practically coincided.
Despite the fact that the location of
the boundary has thus been determined
beyond any reasonable doubt the Can
adians have encroached six miles or
more on the American side, where they
claim the right to stake claims and
search for gold, and deny the same
right to Americans. The Americans
have threatened to expel the Canadians
by force, and it is feared that a con
flict may be brought on.
The situation is so serious that upon
information contained in a letter from
Governor Brady of Alaska to the Sec
retary of the Interior the Secretary of
State has called the attention of the
British Government to the action of the
Canadians arid has asked to have them
recalled to their own territory.
It is not believed that the British
Government has in any way supported
the trespassers, but it has been sug
gested that the Canadian Colonial Gov
ernment, which has shown a disposition
to disregard the rights of the United
States even to the extent of clashing
with the home government in London,
has probably connived at the action of
the Dominion miners. It has, the offi
cials think, perhaps secretly encouraged
the- Canadian, miners .with; a view of
claiming rights in the Porcupine region
which would only be conceded in re
turn for a port and the cession of ter
ritory in the southern part of Alaska
so as to give an entrance to the Klon
dike from the Pacific through British
territory.
It is believed here that Great Britain
will recall the Canadians, and .it is
hoped this will be done before any
trouble occurs.
No Senator From Utah.
SALT LAKE, March The joint as
sembly of the Legislature was declared
adjourned sine die at midnight to-night
without electing a United States Senator.
Ten ballots were taken to-night. The
one hundred and sixty-first and last bal
lot was as follows: McCune 20, George Q.
Cannon 19. V. J. Cannon. 7, King 4. J. H.
Movie 4. Powers 4. Nebecker 1, Sutherland
2; absent, 2. . ,'
ANAEMIA
Is a disease met with among young
women principally. It is very common
and Is a forerunner of consumption. It
Is a disease of the blood. There Is oaly
a small quantity of blood in the system,
and it is of a poor quality. The symp-
toms of the disease are quite numerous.
They are readily discerned. If the prog- .
ress of the disease is not checked death
from consumption or some other disease
In inevitable. HUDYAN will check it-
progress. HUDYAN will enrich the blood
. -^.^ and make the pa.-
/ _____ \ tient strong. HUD-
( _/ v — v J VAN is for women
»,»/—. .-"-J. as well as men.
f•* t£?) HUDYAN is a
vV._»-_\_/\ vegetable remedy.
\yt> .Vfy and It is harmless
J «_. V ' ■ in its effect. It
V^ contains no Iron to
_^"^ cause the teeth to
f > decay. If you ire
suffering you
{\ ». should take HUD-
jr\ y VAN now and
I / then note th«
\ ___* I change -in your
I ■'• ; X* •:'■'"'/ condition. Study
1 I your symptom*
I I carefully. These
I l are your symp-
/ \ toms. Take HUD-
/ \ VAN now and
I \ , they wih dlsap-
• ' pear.
YODR WEAK POINTS ARE:
1. CONSTANT HEADACHE— TIIE feel-
ing is as though the head were going to
burst from too much pressure. HUDYAN.
by its action on the blood, will equalize
the circulation of blood and the headache
will disappear. .;
2-2. SUNKEN EYEBALLS AND DARK
RINGS BENEATH THE EYES. HUD-
VAN will cause the rings to disappear
and make the eyes bright.
3-3. PALE CHEEKS, from the poor qual-
ity of the blood. it being almost devoid
or red coloring matter. HUDYAN will
enrich the blood and cause the cheeks to
become bright and rosy.
4. WEAKNESS IN THE HEART. This
is the most pronounced symptom. The
heart becomes weak and there is a con-
stant sinking feeling around it. .HUD-
YAN will make the heart strong and
cause it to beat regularly, and the sink-
ing feeling will disappear.
5. FEELING OF WEIGHT IN THE
STOMACH AND INDIGESTION. This is
due to the fact that the food in the stom-
ach is not acted upon by healthy- blood;
therefore it Is not properly digested. This
leads to habitual constipation. HUDYAN
will cause the food to he properly digest-
ed, improve the appetite and relieve the
constipation. HUDYAN will relieve all
the above symptoms and make you well.
HUDYAN is for you. It Is for men and
women. After you are cured tell other
women what HUDYAN has done for you.
There are many other sufferers and they
also wish to be cured. HUDYAN can be
procured of druggists for 50c per package,
or six packages for 12 50. If your drug-
gist does not keep it send direct to the
Hudyan Remedy Co.. San Francisco or
Los Angeles. Cal. Call upon the HUD-
YAN doctors. Consultation is free. You
may call upon the doctors or write, as you
desire. Address "• •* '■■; '■'
HUDYAN REMEDY COMPANY,
No. 816 South Broadway. V
Los Angeles, Cal.
Cor. Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta., ,
Snn Fro Cisco. C*_ • 'SHORT SHRIFT FOR
THE CASTRO GANG
SALINAS, March Old Castro
vllle, that little village which is
situated about eight miles from
here, has now thoroughly thrown
off the lethargy under which it has been
held for so long, and now every prom
inent citizen in the place is aroused to
the fact that the gang of lawbreakers
which has been holding sway there for
some time must be broken up at once
and permanently. The Douglass tragedy
has so aroused the citizens of that place
that every one of them is trying to
ferret out what is not known about the
"Nafii nine," or that gang of men regu
larly organized and banded together for
the sole purpose of committing crime
ln the old town which bears the name
of an ancestor of the ringleader. Pete
Castro. Every day more details of the
Douglass affair come to light, showing
the brutality as well as utter degrada
tion of the man now in custody, and
the men who are supposed to be his ac
complices.
Since the capture of Pete Castro by
Sheriff Farley Tuesday an easier feel
ing prevails, and the citizens believe it
■will be the means of breaking up the
.marauders and thereby putting a stop
to such lawlessness. This lawlessness
has been known to exist for several
months, but no one seemed able to put
a stop to it. Even if the officers would
arrest any one of the "nine" and the
-District Attorney would try to prose
cute the culprit, by some means the
supposed criminal would manage to get
enough men on the jury to either ac
quit him or else force a new trial. The
result of each trial being the same, the
charge would be dismissed by the Pros
ecuting Attorney when he found out
that every jury would be "fixed."
The lawlessness became so great that
people would be robbed and would
either not dare to complain or else
■would tell of it only secretly. They
"would not swear out a warrant for fear
that the suspected party would return
to their home and either commit some
other violence upon them or burn their
home. It is asserted by some of the
citizens that mysterious fires have been
started in the town and houses burned.
All such cases are now in some man
ner connected with this band of ma
rauders, or at least credited to them.
To-day facts were brought to light
which tend to prove that Castro or his
gang tried to rob and possibly murder
an old lady who resides not far from
the Douglass home. Mrs. Johanna
Daily, a widow over 60 years of age.
was attacked by unmasked men on the
night of January 7. while at her home,
and no doubt would have not only been
robbed, but seriously injured had not
assistance arrived soon. Mrs. Daily
was-seen yesterday by The Call cor
respondent at her home in Castroville.
and although quite averse to giving
CAFFERY CRIES
OUT A WARNING
Not Too Late to Check
Expansion.
' s ., D ~^ The Call.
BOSTON, March Th*> members of :
the Massachusetts Reform Club had as
their guest at the regular monthly ban
quet 'to-night Donelson iffery. .Senator j
from Louisiana. "The meeting was well at- j
tended. Moorefield Story presided. Many
portions of Senator Caffery's speech were |
loudly applauded.
Senator CafTery spoke to the toast, "The 1
Duty of a Public Man; to himself, to his j
district or State, and to his country." In I
the course of his speech he said: "Our :
simple-minded ancestors left the shores
of the Old World with the set purpose of ;
living in a new world of freedom.
"They builded. in the course of time, a i
government whose cornerstone rests upon '
•the consent of the governed.' They
have into every State government erected i
beneath the folds of their starry banner,
incorporated this living principle of self- j
government. They have widened their
borders so as to embrace a vast extent of J
practically coterminous territory and
".erected it into sovereign States, where
this self-governing rrinciple is recognized
and enforced. _ , ...
■ "Not until the fires of liberty cease to
burn; not until our race forgets its in
heritance of freedom; not until that "eter
nal vigilance which is its price' sleeps at
its post, bedrugged with imperialism and i
expansion and all the parasites and crawl- '
Ing things of tyranny and empire, will j
this energizing, essential, vital principle I
leave our breasts and cease to be a gov- |
erning principle of our republic.
• "When that time comes, Mr. Chairman, |
let the destiny that overtakes the degen
erate, the power loving, the worshipers |
of Mammon, the followers of Moloch.
overtake us. as surely it will overtake
_= The principle of self-government is
our Coliseum— while it stands our republic
shall stand; when it falls 'liberty shall
perish from the earth.'
•"It is left, sir. In the closing hours of
the nineteenth century to clothe tyranny
nnd criminal aggression in the cast off
clothes of Asiatic and Egyptian fatalism.
Are we to take for the guide of our na
tional life the enlightened factor of a
living human conscience or the dark
counsel of a dead fatalism? Shall nature
and free will both be bound in the chain
of 'destiny?" Ah, sir, the star of empire
ha* lured conquerors and states to ruin.
"It is not too late to repair the wrong
of the treaty of Paris. The better sense
of the American people — not the promot
ers the jobbers, the franchise hunters,
the place men, the searchers after glory
—may come to the rescue of our im
periled Institution. God grant they may
come soon.
"The duty of the legislator to his state
and to his country consists, first, in
squaring every act and vote with the con
stitution, which he is sworn to rapport.
Second, in performing every act and giv
ing every vote In all constitutional legis
lation, tinder the sanction and approval
of an honest conviction of right.
"Neither Battery nor threats nor cen
sure must sway him from the right. His
• party may condemn; conventions and
meetings censure; friends and enemies
alike may try to persuade, but conscience
and judgment must rule."
Charles Francis Adams followed in the
same vein. A number of other members
of the club discussed the future policy of
the Government.
INVESTIGATION OF ROUTES.
President Will Not Take Action Until
After His Southern Trip. ,
WASHINGTON. March Senator Har
ris of Kansas and Representative Burton :
of Ohio, chairman of the House Committee *
on Rivers and Harbors, had a conference
to-day with the President in regard to the j
committee to be appointed to Investigate j
the Nicaragua and Panama canal routes. |
Admiral Walker also saw the President
" on the same subject. Senator Harris sug- I
gested to the President that he defer
sending out the new commission until the
commission headed by Admiral Walker
had submitted its report, which will be
about the middle of April. The President
did not Indicate what he would do in the
matter, but it is likely that he will take
••'no action at least until after his return i
from the South. Admiral Walker said j
.he did not know whether the President .
; desired him to serve on the new commis
sion or not.
PEDRO CASTRO.
the identity of her assailants at the
present time, in substance told the fol
lowing story:
"Yes, the Nafii gang have been try
ing to rob me, and I don't know but
what they would have done so had not
assistance arrived soon enough to
thwart their plans. About midnight on
the 7th of January I was aroused from
my sleep by a knock at the front door.
I went there, asked what was wanted
and received the reply that it was word
from my son. He was working on the
section of the Southern Pacific, and
I imagined there must be something
the matter as he was not to be homo
that night. I opened the door, and as
soon as I did so I was grabbed by the
shoulders in a very rough manner by
a young man. I, of course, screamed.
The ruffian then took hold of my
throat and was choking me when as
sistance arrived. He imagined, no
doubt, that I was alone, but it just
happened that a lady friend had come
in late and remained during the night.
She heard the scream, saw the diffi
culty, and securing a hatchet she came
to my assistance. The man tried to get
his pistol, but she was too quick for
him. He went out of the door fast and
succeeded in getting away before he
could be harmed or captured. I have
been in dread of my home being burned
ever since. I had one man arrested,
but it did no good. He was acquitted
of the charge just because I was not
murdered, I suppose."
Pete Castro, since his Incarceration
in jail, seems much easier at heart.
His escape from the vengeance of the
infuriated citizens of Castroville was
FOUNDER'S DAY
AT STANFORD
Address of Dr. Kellogg,
Noted Co-Worker.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March
9. There was special significance in
the exercises held in the chapel to
night in celebration of founder's day.
for the address was given by Dr. Mar
tin Kellogg, president of the University
of California, Stanford's great . co
worker. His subject was "Economics
of Education."
"The questions which have to be
answered in the education of econ
omy," said the speaker, "are: Does
education pay? How much of it will
pay?" These queries, the noted edu
cator stated, were affected by the
question "What will be best for me as
a man. as a citizen, in years to come?"
As the student goes deeper and deep
er into studies, money consideration is
not the only view. The new question
of the personal value of education in
terms of manhood comes more and
more into sight. The farmer, how
ever, cannot be disregarded, as one
must have a little spot in which to
plant bread and butter bread.
While admitting that man may gain
a good education individually, the ad
vantages of the college in competent
instructors, books and the companion
ship of co-workers, he urged, achieved
better results. The college, he stated,
does not insure a good product, but it
is not to blame for failures. Every
man is arbiter of his own develop
ment. Intellectually he is a law unto
himself.
The noted lecturer urged education to
be a paying investment for every one,
as culture should not Interfere with
one's doing things nearest his hands,
even if not along professional lines.
Professions, he declared, would become
overcrowded by the output of colleges
and the educated should not scorn
manual labor, but be satisfied to do
things that they would have had to do
before taking a college course. The
field for cultured rich was shown to
be in uncompensated medical work
among the poor and in free Instruction
to those desirous of education. The
best field for gratuitous service Dr.
Kellogg held to be in municipal poli
tics, where good, honest fighters were
needed to overthrow unscrupulous
Dosses.
_ A better employment for rich young
women than the tiresome claims of so
ciety, the speaker said, could be found
in the leisurely production of worthy
pieces of literature, in eager and pro
longed devotion to art studies and in
good samaritan settlements for the up
lifting of the unfortunate poor of cities.
In conclusion. President Kellogg said:
"Will this institution become too great?
In connection with other universities
which in various centers are drawing
to themselves increasing numbers, will
there be too many to fill these pleasant
halls to overflowing? Not if our reason
ing has been correct. Suppose that you
have a thousand, with a like multipli
cation elsewhere. Will the fc-unders be
shorn of their honor? Nay, rather let
common people flock by hundreds of
thousands to higher institutions of
learning, then the whole mass of the
community will be lifted to a happier
level and all will rise up and call such
founders blessed."
Death From Heart Disease.
MILL VALLEY, March 9. - Oscar
Schneider returned from San Francisco
last Saturday evening and found his wife
lying dead on the kitchen floor. Mrs.
Schneider was afflicted with heart dis
ease and was Injured a short while ago by
falling from a bicycle while suffering
from an attack of her ailment. Dr. John
J Spottiswood, who 1? a Deputy Health
Officer and authorized to act ln such
cases, gave his consent to the burial.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 10, 1899.
marvelous, and although he asserts his
innocence of any crime, and especially
the Douglass affair, yet he does not
have that same nonchalant manner he
possessed while in his old haunts. He
realizes the enormity of the crime with
which he is at present accused, but
claims he can easily prove his inno
cence when the excitement has quieted
down in Castrovllle. Castro has two
charges at present against himas
sault to commit murder and felonious
assault, both upon the person of Mrs.
James Douglass. It is claimed other
charges will be brought against him.
Five other members of his gang are
also under surveillance, but one, F. W.
alias "Buck" Silva, has skipped -town
and has thus far eluded the pursuit of
the officers. Silva left Castroville the
morning after the Douglass affair, as
matters were getting pretty warm
for him, and the feeling was so intense
against his partner, Castro, that he
feared vengeance might be wreaked"
upon him. .
James Douglass, the infuriated hus
band who nearly succeeded in putting
an end to Castro's life at Pajaro when
Sheriff Farley and posse made the cap- *
ture, saw the accused man in the !
County Jail to-day. The scene of their
meeting was quite impressive and at
times rather exciting. Castro kept quite
cool while Douglass at times would be
come angered. He asked the prisoner
many- questions in regard to the affair |
of Sunday night, but received rather
unsatisfactory answers. The scratches
on the face which it is claimed were
received in the struggle with Mrs. ;
Douglass were explained by Castro as
the effects of trying to crawl through
the brush in his escape. The large
coal oil stains upon the coat sleeves j
were said by the prisoner to be due to i
his handling it at a store, when as a j
matter of fact it was. believed to be j
from a .lamp which his victim, had in
her hand at the time of the attack and i
which was broken, thereby spilling its ;
contents upon his coat. Douglass had
a half-hour's talk with the accused man \
and then left after telling him that he I
would give him justice if he was not to j
get it by the courts.
The preliminary hearing will take
place to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock, I
and although Sheriff Farley will take !
his prisoner to Castrovllle guarded it j
is feared something might occur should i
the vigilance committee deem it advisa
ble to interfere. Although the lynching
excitement has somewhat subsided, the
feeling against Castro is still. very great
and is liable to break out any time.
Sheriff Farley claims he will protect his
prisoner at any cost. Castro, however,
fears to be taken to his home town and
asked that the trial be conducted here.
It is also asserted in the old town that
should Castro not get a fair deal at
the trial to-morrow-, according to the
ideas of the gang, trouble from that
quarter might be expected. Sheriff Far
ley will therefore be between two op
posing factions, but claims he will have
enough deputies to cope with any
trouble.
WORST STORMS
IN TWENTY YEARS
Many Disasters in the
Atlantic.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. March 9.— Losses at sea of
life and shipping in the great storms of
the first two weeks In February are only
now beginning to be apparent.
. The insurance men regard this as the
most disastrous season in twenty years.
How great a disaster storms that lasted
from February _ to February 12 were to I
merchant shipping can be partly appreci
ated from the list of steamships that
sailed from North American ports be
tween January 20 and 27 and have not
since been heard from. They are believed
to have gone down with all on board.
Tbey are the Plctou, Laughton, Dora Fos- ;
ter, Minister Mayback, Oberon, Allegheny,
Arona and Port Melbourne.
The eight missing ships carried 240 men,
and with the cargoes with which they
were laden were valued at more than
12,000,000. All but one were built of steel,
and were believed to' be capable of fight- I
ing any storms with which they might
meet.
Besides these vessels that are overdue
and considered as numbered among the
lost, the burdens of shipping insurance
men have been increased by the number
of wrecks, not directly due to the storm
of vessels stranded and broken up within
the last few weeks. Among these are
the Bellova. in the New York and River
Plata trade, which went ashore at Mal
donao February IS. the ship and cargo
being worth $300,000; the Labrador
wrecked off Skerry March 1, worth
with her cargo from $500,000 to $750,000; the
Moravia, stranded on Sable Island Feb
ruary 12 and worth $200,000.
Besides these thirty or more big vessels
have been reported in distress, not to
speak of hundreds of sailing craft that
must have been destroped but will not
be called overdue for weeks yet. Even the
damage to ships reported in distress is
not nearly known. - -w.
RIOTOUS TOUR OF
THE TENTH IMMUNES
Drunken Negroes Shoot at Every- '
thing in Sight While Passing
Through South Carolina.
RALEIGH, N. C, March 9.— The tour
j of the Tenth Immunes through South
I Carolina was marked by drunken riot
ing and shooting at people, houses and
i cattle along the railroad.
During the few minutes that the train
i stopped here there was drinking and
disorder among the men. Several shots
| were fired.
All along the route their conduct was
! the same. A dispatch from Henderson
to-night says: The Tenth Immunes
I (negro troops) passed here to-day over
the Seaboard Air Line. They shot at
private houses and school children.
"Several men were wounded. The offi
cers of the regiment seemed to have no
control over the men.
Similar reports come from other
points between here and Weldon.
»
LIGHT SHOWERS
AND SOME SNOW
BAKERSFIELD. March 9.— Considera- '
ble snow shows on the foothills. It fell !
early this morning. A slight sprinkle of i
rain fell In the valley.
LOS ANGELES. March 9.— The weather
j to-day was cloudy and threatening, and
i conditions are excellent for a generous
! downpour of rain, which Is badly needed
SAN DIEGO, March 9.— A light sprinkle
occurred here this morning. It is now
cold and windy, with but little prospect
■ of rain.
MILTON. March 9.— Rain to the extent
i of .08 of an inch fell here last night. Oth
er localities a few miles distant report
i a greater fall. Feed will lie greatly ben
efited as well as grain, which is growing
rapidly and is looking extremely well.
This afternoon there are further showery
-indications, and It is hoped and expected
that there will be a further fall before
the weather clears up.
DESTITUTION VERY
GREAT AT DAWSON
Coqsul McCooK Reports That
Maoy flmericao Citizens Are
iQ Need of flid.
WASHINGTON, March 9.— The United States Consul at Dawson, J.
C. McCook, under date of January 31, informs the Department of State
concerning the condition of the people there as follows: "The situation
here as to persons who will bo out of food in a couple of months is
becoming very serious. Many hundreds will be so situated as will have
to be helped out when navigation opens.
"Many have gone out over the ice and are going out daily, while more
are remaining in the hope that they will be able to strike some pay on
claims they either own themselves or are working on claims leads from
others. Applicants are daily at this office for relief.
"The indigent sick so far have been taken care of by the relief
committee and by the local authorities, the latter seeing the necessity
of taking a hand in relief work. The destitute sick, while many of them
are not paupers in the strict sense of the word, being practically with
out funds, are compelled to call on the relief committee and will finally
pay when they hear from the outside with remittances.
"The relief committee at this place is unable to extend any more aid,
as all funds collected have been exhausted and they are some $2000 in
debt. The greatest evil, however, will be the large number of people who
have exhausted their supplies and who will fail to succeed in getting
paying claims.
"I know it is not customary for any nation to provide for destitute
citizens out of their country, still I feel it is my duty to put this matter
before you to "take whatever action you may deem best."
MOVEMENT TO
OUST TOM REED
This Time It Really
Seems in Earnest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel.
Washington, March 9.
The old talk of deposing Reed as
Speaker is revived once more. This
time there really seems to be an earn
est and fairly well organized effort,
backed, it is believed, by leading sup
porters of the administration. This
morning's papers print Reed's letter to
General Sherwood of Ohio in answer to
that gentleman's suggestion that Shaf
ter should be court martialed for his
alleged criticism of Reed for opposing
the administration's policy. Mr. Reed
wrote in reply:
"I suppose General Shaffer was look
ing for a furlough on full pay." This,
of course, was a thrust at General
Eagan also. Speaker Reed's unbridled
and sarcastic tongue has made him un
popular with administration leaders.
An instance of this was just before the
adjournment of Congress. He met
Representative Lacey of lowa in the
House lobby and said: "Lacey. you
look so much like Alger I fear your
friends will want to whitewash you.
This reached Alger's ears and made for
Reed another administration enemy.
Mr Reed's criticisms of President Mc-
Kinley and his policy are too well
known to call for comment here.
An effort is being made to induce
Representative Sherman of New- YorK
to decline the appointment of Ap
praiser at New York and declare him
self a candidate for the Speakership
against Mr. Reed. Sherman though
elected to the next Congress, has been
nominated and confirmed by the Sen
ate to one of the Appraiserships- at
New York, but has not yet accepted
the position, and he could decline it
and remain in the House if he desired
Composition to Speaker Reed is based
on his alleged hostility to the adminis
tration, which, it is claimed, found ex
pression in antagonizing during the
Fifty-fifth Congress measures and
plans favored by the administration.
It is recognized by those who are hos
tile to Mr. Reed that ' he possesses
great strength, and that it is not going
to be an easy matter, if indeed It is
possible, to defeat him. Therefore they
want to be surer of their ground be
fore making an open move in the mat
ter What is being done now is being
done quietly. It is calculated by those
who would overthrow him that by his
hostility to the Nicaragua canal, to the
arid land appropriations and to numer
ous things popular in the West, he has
excite a feeling of resentment among
a considerable number of Republicans
in the House, which may contribute
to his defeat if the right sort of man
can be found to make the contest.
There is a feeling of intense hostility
behind the movement involving poli
tic sof the party in the future.
SPECIAL RATES FOR
THE EDUCATORS
OMAHA. March ..-After a three days
conference, In which two roads did all the
conferring and the other sixteen ac
quiesced, the transcontinental lines have
adjourned and the rates made by the
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe for the
National Educational Association in Los
Angeles in July will stand The rates
will be $52 for the round trip from Mis
souri River common points. The selling
dates will be June 26 to 28. inclusive, and
July 2 to 8. Inclusive, with the final return
limit September 4. .
On all business which goes out over the
Ogden gateway lines, which includes all
the Omaha roads, and returns via Port
land an extra $5 will have to be paid.
Whether the roads will pay it to hold
their rate equality with that of the South
ern Pacific and the Santa Fe. or add it
to the price of the ticket is a problem
yet to be solved. If the price be added
to the ticket a person may go from Kan
sas <'ity to Los Angeles and return by
Portland for $64 50. while from Omaha the
same trip will cost $69 50. The Southern
Pacific will charge $12 50 for the haul from
San Francisco to Portland, and in addi
tion the Ogden gateway lines will have
to pay the same road $5 extra for the re
turn haul from Los Angeles to San Fran-
C Of°'the $52 which is to be charged for
the straight ticket $2 goes to the Educa
tional Association. If the passenger re
turns by Portland $25 will go to one of
the northern lines. The Southern Pa
cific will get $13 25 for the haul from Os
den to Los Angeles, and this leaves $11 .o
to be divided among the connecting lines
taking the business to Ogden from the
Missouri River. V';_ ; V , ..
The Great Northern at the close of the
meeting announced a one-way rate of $23
from St. Paul to Portland, going into ef
fect Monday and continuing every day
without limit as to time. The road states
that this rate is in pursuance of its plan
to settle up the Northwest, as the rate
applies to all points on the line where
the regular rate to Portland Is more than
$25 Other roads will meet the cut. .
No Rush, but a Debate.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 9.—
The rush being prohibited by the univer
sity authorities under penalty. of expul
sion the underclassmen have decided to
work out their class antagonism this year
on the rostrum. Both classes have chosen
their teams. The debaters who will rep
resent the sophomore class are J. T. En
glish. C. M. Marrack and W. A. Morris.
The try-out In the freshman class result
ed in favor of William Edlln, E. W. Rice
and C. D. Scott. ■
JAPANESE COME
UNDER CONTRACT
Labor for the. Northern
Railroads.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, March 9.— lt is claimed,
and some Customs officers admit, that
a great majority of Japanese laborers
now entering the United States at
Northwestern ports are contract la
borers intended for service on the
Northern transcontinental railroad
lines. There are one or more opera
tors, with headquarters in Tacoma and
Salt Lake, who are furnishing large
numbers of Japanese laborers to the
Northern Pacific, Union Pacific, Ore
j gon Short line and Oregon Railway
I and Navigation Company for service as
section hands, shovelers and workmen
| with work trains.
From these facts the inference is
drawn that hundreds of Japanese who
are now entering this country monthly
at Portland, Tacoma, Seattle and from
British Columbia are brought across
the Pacific under contract to work for
these operators at so much per month
and their board. Several customs offi
cers believe this to be true, but will not
permit the use of their names because
the rules of the department do not per
mit it. They say that the wholesale ar
rivals of Japanese workmen and the
fact that they go to work for the rail
roads within a very short time there
after is conclusive evidence to their
minds, and yet it is not evidence suffi
cient to warrant any prosecutions un
der the contract labor law.
Though every steamship brings over
several hundred Japanese they are di
vided among at least three different
ports, with the apparent object of
awakening as little suspicion as pos
sible. Each steamship load is landed
gradually at Victoria, Port Townsend
and either Tacoma or Seattle. The ma
jority are landed in British Columbia
and quietly come across the boundary
in small parties until sent Into the In
terior for railroad work. During the
last two years the railroads named, to
gether with the Canadian Pacific, are
said to have engaged several thousand
Japanese. They receive scarcely half
the wages paid white workmen. The
latter are becoming alarmed and pur
pose organizing to keep their Asiatic
competitors out.
NO STORM WILL THEN
ESCAPE OBSERVERS
Importance of the Proposed Exten-
sion of the Weather Bureau
Signal Service.
WASHINGTON, March 9.— When the
proposed extension of the Weather Bu
reau signal service shall have been set in
operation it will, say the officials, be next
to impossible for a storm of any impor
tance to escape the notice of observers.
The plan of extensions comprehends the
establishment of additional observations
in arid and subarid regions of the West.
It is stated by Willis L. Moore, chief of
the Weather Bureau, that the places of
observation In arid and sub-arid districts
of the country have been so widely
separated hitherto that it has not
been possible to secure a perfect survey
of the distribution of temperature and
atmospheric conditions so essential to
making accurate forecasts not only for
those regions but for the extensive area
further to eastward. Provisions have
been made for the installation and equip
ment of stations at Kalispell, Mont.. Boise
City, Idaho, Mount Tamalpais, California,
Flagstaff, Ariz., and Fort Worth, Tex.
Arrangements have also been made for
the establishment of additional stations
In the South and central valleys as fol
lows: Meridian. Miss.. Macon, Ga.. Lex
ington. Ky., Elkins, W. Va., and Evans
ville. Ind. It Is claimed that the estab
lishment of these stations will not only
assist in the development of agricultural
and Industrial Interests in the respective
States in which they are located but will
also be. of material benefit in Improving
warnings and forecasts, especially for re
gions west of the Rocky Mountains.
m
CONTRACTORS DEFY
THE LABOR LAWS
City Attorney Boyd of San Rafael
Will Sue the Buckman Con
tracting Company.
SAN RAFAEL., March 9.— As soon as
the Buckman Contracting Company fin
ishes the construction of the flushing ba
sin for the new gravity outfall sewer sys
tem City Attorney Thomas P. Boyd will
bring suit against it for an alleged viola
tion of the Tabor laws. This will be the
first time the clause of the law applicable
In this Instance has ever suffered a legal
test.
• The law requires that on State, county
and municipal works laborers shall be
paid $2 for working eight hours a day. The
company paid only $1 75 a day to about
twenty men, despite the fact that the law
applicable in this Instance was incorpor
ated in its bond. About ten men made
complaint to the City Attorney, and for so
doing were discharged by the company.
The matter was brought to the attention
of the Board of Town Trustees, which
authorized the suit.
— • •
Joe Corbett Quits the Diamond.
NEW YORK. March 9.— Jim Corbett has
received a letter from his brother Joe, in
which he states that he will not play ball
next season, no matter what amount of
money Ned Hanlon, manager of the
Brooklyns, may offer him. It Is said Joe
Corbett is engaged to be married to a
California belle, and on that account he
has quit the diamond for good.
THE EMPOBIUM. | ___
******************************************£%
£5 IHE _L_fHE^«PltC_isi JS|
Suits and ■ÜB' aiml ""WH r f/^*.''J
C/o^A5 P^ Ooklen-Riile Bazaar. T^ Workers in J
This Week CJUFcnuuss iargest-america-s grandest store. Rotunda. *
v^< / c AU.-OA& yfS J
// *st>Ec/AL Sales — // «
£/ (/ *
Out-01-the-Usual Bargains %
in Clothing, Shoes, %
Curtains, Etc. |
: : — — *
Ribbons, Towels, Photographers' Sup-%
plies, Liquors, Butter, Etc., *
at Bargain Day *
Prices. . . *
— ■ *
Clothing F SLI%*%I Butter 'SSSJSf !
Positively the three big- J^iZ^TvlSSS^l
gest Clothing Values that you. Special Friday and Saturday. per J
the big store has yet been, : uare "•;•"•---"•••" *° c *
able to offer. Almost two on Friday the $2.50 *
dollars' worth for one in Shoes $1.65.1
each instance. 7 . *
Boys' true value $2.50 . 4 This fashionable new *
ry'z #rUO Suits for fC style Lace Shoe for ladies. i
' *# ao v__c ! Vs. J*/ chocolate color Vici kid. J
/ttVL.^ _9_r OQO _.>c«ll "V^__T**__.l ■"* »- .ti i- ?_.__*•
-^H Gray and Black W?t fanc >' silk vesting cloth *
J_r>'l Check Cheviots, 1 f^L. „?P S ' ° e^ "T .T_ *
M VtJ_>~^ that are aptual'v* fifrraP d'amond-shape Vici kid _
n /V that are actually . i__vj__¥ t\ .■ • j „„ •_!.. -«i«_ «
\ ktt_/ f\ n i *.ni /rTT^t^^V, tips, sewed flexible soles, V
\"\ *_r V. \ all wool, carefully IXMW^ ii VTV „j  n_,Z «
V— -A p-« V \ „„j. _' •x„ j„„ I i _r^_. the latest and swellest ~
IT J)?*] made up into dou- I '<*'-■--"' »ko^_ nf *
IL_ 7 / vi ._<->_*.„ v *tj v ??2__ shape ofjf.
[ .£/ and Knee Pants, V>Cv>^ ,?f «L! _S *
£7 -nd Knee Pants ' L^L * pnng BhoeS ' *
I ff * I -.___! V" x. r"^^. all sizes and «
LJ_J with double seats V_-'V^ widthg; sold J
7(7 . Dee 72 'regularly at $2.50. Special Friday*
I/ 11 correct style for on f V * rA $1.65*
>*V M spring; the fit per- : * "Vll______!__ *"•»"'
/ ] / feet, and we give _ _ ■, .■ _ - _■__ - *
H . _: ,be 3: WoST Ribbons «
•^ manship and lin- j About 1000 yards of No. 60 (3"._. inches J
ings as on our ' wide) Ombre Taffeta Ribbons, exceptional *
$2.50 suits. Sizes for boys 9to 15 years ' quality : choice lot of spring colorings ;
to-day and Saturday only $1.69 suitable for millinery and neck ribbons ;
BOYS' true value $4 Mid- regular value 25c per yard. All day Fri- «
dy Suits, Cs. •J*!"* ••••"• 19c «
$2.95 - The f^gj. Friday Curtains t
latest styles, not ; <^j Barqainn L? U l*t*ll llS *
undesirable back . V '1 U ~ *
numbers: collars _<_if"_»^s. We offer to-day, while the quantity (100 *
large and grace- J*xV_i^\ i P ' rs -lasts.very handsome Lace Curtains, "#
fully cut; stylish /Iflp^K jin floral and point d'esprit designs. Large*
little Vests; many / JIV |)~ ) size, 54 inches wide. ■< i x yards long — at.. *
of the trousers /yHfeJ^ ~": 9 1. 20 per pair *
trimmed with J^y'yyy These Curtains are on: of the bst bar- _i
bands and fancy £&Zy\ \ gains that the big store bas ever offered *
buckles; carefully \W \ \ an^ tere are only too pairs of them, so *
made. Sizes for V \\lA\ come early. *
boys 3to 8 years, ~~\W JT . *
to-day and Satur- "HM|^\ Friday _-*__-» *_;_■ JfLtZ.%
<wW.52.95 *\ Vr Set of 6 Plates $1.45
{Q Genuine Haviland China Breakfast
Plates, 8"_ inches in diameter, dainty ■*__>
tj_t *_* _.^ aii decoration, the celebrated Lafayette *
■__^° » d-_- * IT shape. Special price for to-day only, set *
Wool Pants, °' 6 v - as*
$1.95— T0 make aof b """* Tyy? *
lively pants business j_ Friday _m ' .* *
Friday and Saturday we j Special Sale SUppl/CS *
mark down hundreds of j _»________ __■.«____'__»»■_»_»_____._*» __
pairs of. our regular | WW" PhOtOgrapherS J
$2-50 and $3 Trousers, Rubber Gossamer Focusing Cloth, reg- S
fine all-wool cassimeres I u l a r 40c square yard, to-day 250 _>
and cheviots, in neat : Four-light oil Dark-room Lanterns, reg- *
.' genteel patterns: per- | ularly 75c, to-day 45c *
feet fitting; up to date j 4-oz. glass Graduates, regularly 25c, *
in every particular. ; to-day 15c *
To-day and Saturday j 3"_x3*.< Cyclone or Hammer Dry Plates, *
only, per pair.. sl.9s j regularly 35c, to-day ' ..' "... 22c S
3^x3 - _ Card Mounts, gray, regularly
' j 70c per 100, to-day 50c *
Light-weight Printing Frames — all *
rant. Towel ioe £_ ?.iv..vi. i .v h :vT ,
Eikonogen or Hydrochinon Developing*
Turkish Towels— an ordinary qual- ■ Powders> reg ularly 50c dozen, to-day *
itv, but a closely woven first-class ab- 40c
sorbent — half bleached — size 19x43 ' "".'*"' 1"" J
inches, with perfectly woven selvedges— Friday M S_*_w.gA_\_99^ 3
a good 15c value. On sale all day Fri- 1 Bargains *. ""' & <
da - - each * W ° These two items, offered pm J
— — — for to-day only, are positively s=? J
_ w . the biggest values in liquors g M
Liquorsi?3oto^ a 4- ;^ : offered at retail in this mil ;
One of our popular 3-hour Saturday i Full quart bottles Port or io£s&k *
night sales— and only during these hours: Sherry Wine, regularly SOc &Vv&_,*''| «
Yellowstone Whiskey, a favorite and : bottle. To-day only F- «W- i «
leading brand, full quart bottle for 5 bottles for $1 ,-^_>i| J
$1.10 Full quart demijohns of _|^Ssi^ <
"Sauterne, Reisling or Burgundy, guar- ! good quality Bourbon Whis- *
anteed 5 years old; 50c quart bottle i key— our regular low price «
for * 25C ! 83c each. To-day 61c *>
CECIL RHODES
GOES TO BERLIN
<snecia.l Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by Jajr.es Gor
""•^ don Bennett.
I BERLIN. March 9.— Cecil Rhodes will arrive here to-morrow. The |
t object of his visit is tcr have an audience, if possible, with the Kaiser, <
I to obtain his Majesty's adherence to his project of a railroad from the »
I Cape to Cairo and the passage through German East African territory. j
I The greatest mystery is observed and his name is carefully concealed, i
- His arrival here early to-morrow by train from Milan is a profound se- •
> cret. He will, from what I hear, be granted the desired audience, in £
; which case there is every prospect of his carrying his point. ,
JACK THE PEEPER
CAUGHT AT SALINAS
SALINAS, March 9.— When it was de
veloped this evening that a crime some
what similar to that of the Douglass
attack had been detected in Salinas last
night the excitement was high, and for
a time trouble was thought imminent.
For several weeks lately guests of the
Bardln House of this city, or at least
those having rooms on the third floor,
have been annoyed during the night by
noises on the roof of the hotel, which
appeared to be people walking around,
but it was hardly thought that this
could be the case. Late last night,
however, the clerk was summoned from
the office' by a call bell ringing furious
ly, and on going to the room indicated
was informed by the woman occupant
that a man was on the roof and had
attempted to get into rier room through
the skylight. It appears that the ser
vants of this hotel occupy inside rooms
and that the skylights in the roof are
the only means of getting daylight in
them. The glass is not frosted, and
last night one of the woman servants
[when about to retire thought she saw
-' ... *','
THE EMi-OKlum.
a man's face at the pane. * She was not
sure, but waited until it appeared again
'■ and this time close to the glass she
i recognized it to be a man's at once. She
j made the call for the clerk. Upon tell-
I ing him her story he armed himself and
I went to the roof and found "Jack the
i Peeper" in the act of spying into an
; other young woman's room through the
skylight, The man was recognized to
be a factory employe and a guest of the
hotel. Whether or not the man intend
ed robbery is not known. He made all
' kinds of excuses as to why he was on
the roof, star-gazing, etc.. and was
compelled to come down. Upon reach
ing the street he was given a beating.
This afternoon, however, when the
story became known reports were re
ceived from various reputable ladles,
single and mothers of families, that
similar occurrences had taken place for
several weeks past. A man had been
j seen peeping through the windows and
they were afraid to go out unless with
male members of their family. A watch
was set, but was futile till last night.
The young man caught is a boiler
maker at Spreckeis and • respectably
connected in San Francisco, where his
parents reside. No arrests have been
made, but the fellow caught has re
ceived notice to leave town or he will
be treated with great severity if not to
a coat of tar and feather*
56
FRIDAY MARCH io, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1b. 4.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS TER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including "Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year. **"* '
DAILY CALL (Including .Sunday Call). 6 months ***'"'
DAILY CALL {including Sunday Call). S months IJ»U
DAD CALL— By Single Month •* _ V™
BUXDAT CALL One Year **'"
WEEKLY CALL, One Year „"V"ti'V«
All p-"-'ma*:ers an authorized to receive subscriptions,
i-amp'.e copies wiU te forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE ~ 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 18S. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
cpen until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
S:3O o'clocK. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:33
o'clock- 615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock
•c>4i Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second arra
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "La Tcsra."
California — Sousa's Concerts.
Tivoi:— "La Ileile Helene."
Alcazar— "A Man With a Past."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Alhambra — "Dewey, the Hero of Manila."
Grand Opera House— Opera Company; "Faust," Mon-
day e\>-nir.i, March IS.
Chutes. Zoo ...J Free Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening. .
lympia.— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Or.tral irk- The Steeplechase.
AUCTION SALES.
By Easton, Eldridge & Tuesday, March, . 14, at 12
o'clock m.. Real Estate, at 63S Market street. "
THE BRAND OF THE BEOST.
IN an argument against the bill to prohibit treating
by candidates for public office, which was justly
drowned in a shower of ridicule, one of the Sena
tors at Sacramento is reported to have said: "I pro
pose to buy drinks if I want to, and spend my money
and put 'S. P.' on my necktie." This gentleman is
one of the supporters of Dan Burns, and, with
twenty-six associates, is engaged in the work of mis
representing his constituents and dishonoring the
State. The validity of the claim, so arrogantly ex
pressed, will not be seriously disputed, at least to the
extent of its proud assertion of the right of subser
viency to the railroad. Every member of the Legis
lature who persistently votes for Dan Burns and
unites in the daily intrigues to capture the Republican
party is clearly entitled to put "S. P." on his neck
tie. In fact, the general opinion is that it is a dis
tinctive mark, by which political character and stand
ing can be identified. There are, however, fifty-eight
other Republicans in the Senate and in the Assembly
who have not been lassoed and branded by the cow
boys of the railroad, and by them, by. the Republican
party, and by substantial citizens of California, with
out distinction of part}-, it is devoutly hoped that the
Burns "necktie party" may end in a "dull thud," fol
lowed by asphyxiation. Should this holy aspiration
be gratified there may be twenty-seven legislators,
each of whom will be deprived of his political tod
dies, even though purchased with his own money.
The mixtures prepared at the railroad bar have a
very exciting influence upon living topers, but they
often have a tightening effect upon a cravat, and they
will not resuscitate a political corpse.
RUDYARD KIPLING'S FAME.
THE convalescence of Rudyard Kipling has been
observed with gratitude by the people and even
by rulers throughout the world. He has
emerged from the shadows of death when his fame
and his influence have become resplendent and are
blended with conditions that insure their enduring
vitality. His life has assumed an immortal type, for
it has absorbed the deepest and most pervasive
Thought that silently dwells and works in the mind
of humanity until revealed by the genius and ex
pressed through the lips of a Master.
The intellectual and -spiritual constellation of a cen
tury includes but a few stars, in which all that re
mains of its light is focussed. The world is tem
pestuous, but through its gathering clouds, its roar
ing winds and its heaving waves the gleam of mere
ability, of mere learning, or of mere power, is never
wholly obscured. The generations sail on and on
in their restless and endless voyage toward the un
reached Ideal, and the identity of their guides and
their leaders, like the flitting of a bird, for a moment
flashes and then vanishes into space. But here and
there pure intelligence, the luminous shape of
original truth, condenses into a fixed star, and thus
are formed the immovable constellations by which
man is raised to the perception of the Infinite.
The prophetic soul of Isaiah, the pure reason of
Paul, the dramatic universality of Shakespeare, the
rapt contemplation of Milton, the calm philosophy of
Wordsworth, the divine sensibility of Tennyson, will
shine through "the encircling gloom" while time and
mortality last, and with these individualized uplifted
and perpetuated lives the fame of Kipling has already
been grouped. For him literature, prose and verse
alike have been a means and not an end. His in
spiration forced him onward through successive
phases until he sounded the prophetic generalizations
of his race. In the early part of his career, as no
ether man has ever done, he saturated his mind with
the abstract mysticism of India, and in striking phrase
and with powerful illustration poured the clear pre
cipitate into the treasures of knowledge. Later he
widened his range and struck the chord of reverential
memory until before the God of nations the splendors
of imperialism dwindled and its arrogance was hum
bled. The depth and the simplicity of the "Re
cessional" are only matched by the Invocation that
on the margin of the Pacific restored earnestness and
truth to a national anniversary and filled the channel
of pessimism with the spirit of optimism. And when,
before these incomparable appeals to the latent
sublimities in man had wrought their perfect work,
war and victory for the moment submerged our judg
ment and the delirium of imperialism seized our na
tional imagination, the revived prophet of civilization
blew his blast of warning to which the heart and the
intellect of mankind have responded. Thus his in
dividuality has become fixed in the constellation of
the nineteenth century. Before him may lie even
greater triumphs, but already he has won that highest
greatness which is unsoiled by low ambition or by
sordid aims. Sic itur ad astra.
THE CLOSING SCENES.
LAST week it was announced by authority that
Burns would be elected Senator on Wednes
day. But that day's ballot was taken . and
Burns was as far away from the prize he covets as he
was on the first ballot, last January. The Wednesday
ballot and the day's session had features that sug
gested the miscarriage of a plan. The element in our
population which backs Burns was missed from its
accustomed walk and conversation, for it had all been
summoned to Sacramento. The general public was
glad of its absence, but Sacramento did not rejoice at
its presence. Least of all was the legislature grati
fied, for the chambers wherein the two houses meet
are not well ventilated at best, and can stand only
slight mephitic additions to their atmosphere.
The plan, whatever it was, that had caused all the
forces to be ordered to the front failed in execution
and caused an ebullition of bad temper exceeding any
other outbreak of the whole session. A potency j
of passion was shown by the Burns forces that for a j
time broke down the order and discipline of the j
House. It was a testy, gnat-like temper, under which
the tide of battle rose and rolled from the Legislature
into the hotels, ending in personal encounter and the j
challenge and threat of further blows and bruises. All j
this is to be regretted. But it must be added to the 1
dry year and other passing mishaps and misfortunes
which afflict the State. It originated in defiance of the
will of the majority. The Republican majority in the j
: Legislature and in the State has taken a position on
the candidacy of Burns from which no intrigue has
moved it. That majority has patiently waited to hear
what Mr. Burns proposes, and then it disposes by
standing firmly against every plan laid by him to elect
himself.
Every expedient known to the art of intrigue has
been resorted to by him. It was announced that he
was to win in a walkover on the first ballot. Tlie
majority lined up and he did not win. Again and
again it has been announced that he was to win at a
certain moment. Stampedes have been forecast and
foretold, but when the moment came the same patient
majority stood its ground and there was no stampede.
Then came the Pronunciamento of the Junta, in
which Burns dwelt on the charms of majority rule
in a caucus in terms of praise equal to the phrases of
the Song of Solomon or the Passionate. Pilgrim.
But again the majority stood unmoved, declaring that
only it could order a caucus and would refuse, in the
interest of party character and success.
So. in whatever direction Burns has turned he has
encountered that solid wall, the majestic bulwark of j
party purity and trustee of the party's future, the ma
jority. It has not bandied epithets with him, nor j
blushed at his cajolery, nor paled at his threats. It j
has simply stood for the highest aspirations of the j
party against the lowest aspirations of the dcfilers of j
party. No wonder that his simulated hope and pre- !
tended patience and professed superiority of plans
have hammered against this solid wall of the majority i
until, mad with many bruises, temper, and very bad
temper, expressed in unprintable language, displaced '
all pretense and left the Burns fight standing in its j
natural colors.
The majority meantime can only stand where it |
planted its feet and formed its line when the session
began against the election of Burns. And to prevent
that it should not relax its vigilance nor forget the
challenge and password until the gavel falls and the
houses adjourn without day.
SENATOR MOREHOUSE'S WISDOM.
WE note with considerable gratification the fact
that Senator Morehouse of Santa Clara
County has concluded to withdraw his bill for
the indiscriminate slaughter of journalists. This
measure, it will be remembered, provided an open
season for newspaper men; that is to say, it author
ized any person who felt aggrieved at the publication
of an article intended to injure his feelings to kill the
writer. The fact that the article contained criticisms
calculated to make him angry justified the deed of
the murderer.
We do not know what reason Senator Morehouse
assigns for the .withdrawal of his bill, the official an
nouncement of his intention not having conveyed to
the public the required explanation. But we pre
sume that he has been influenced to some extent by
the arguments leveled at his' creation by the press of
the State. We remember having pointed out to the
honorable gentleman the possibility that his open sea
son for newspaper men might possibly be turned into
an open season for lawyers and politicians, but we
cannot say whether this consideration affected his
course. The fact remains, however, that if this bill
were passed it is extremely possible that a larger num
ber of "irate subscribers" would be killed than news
paper men.
One effect of the measure could not fail to be the
prompt and complete arming of the journalistic pro
fession. Every scribbler in the State would become a
walking arsenal, since all of them would know that
anybody could kill them for real or fancied grievances
on sight. The result of this universal arming of
journalists would certainly be indiscriminate
slaughter. Readers of newspapers would have to
carry their hands high in the air or be shot down
everywhere, for it could not be expected that the
journalist would take any unnecessary chances.
Every man who inadvertently dived into his pocket
for his handkerchief would be sure, if a journalist
were in the vicinity, to receive a bullet for his care
lessness.
We are glad, therefore, that Senator Morehouse has
withdrawn his bill. It was an unnecessary and dan
gerous measure — not dangerous for newspaper men,
but dangerous for lawyers, politicians and lobbyists.
It belonged to a species of legislation concerning the
effect of which there was no problem. Like the
crab, it was bound to go backward, and, like . the
boomerang, it might at the very first have resulted in
a large funeral in Santa Clara County and the disap
pearance from the public stage of a very distinguished
lawyer and statesman. *
COLONEL GRAVES' EXPERIMENT.
COLONEL JOHN TEMPLE GRAVES is a
Georgian of repute. There was a time when
the people of that State thought he would step
into the shoes, fill the hat and wear the mantle of the
gifted Grady, but they were disappointed. Neverthe
less the Colonel has managed to achieve much. For
example, he has acquired such a repute as a lecturer
that he has been called to make a tour of States
so far away from hi? native soil as lowa, Nebraska,
Minnesota and the Dakota*, and. having made the
tour, he has gone back to Georgia and proven him
self to be an observant traveler and a veracious
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM,, FRIDAY, MARCH 10, 1809.
chronicler by telling the "goober grabblers" several
facts that he learned in the Northwest.
Thus he is reported to have told his folks- at home
that the mention of McKinley's name "evokes the wild
est applause from any popular assembly in the \\ est,
while no enthusiasm whatever is displayed at Bryan's
name." He is further reported to have declared him
self to be "amazed and even indignant at the com
parative apathy with which a tribute to this really
great American is everywhere received, ' and finally
he is quoted as saying, "The silver cause is in definite
eclipse."
The Colonel, it will be seen, had to go a long way
from home to learn the truth, but it is to his credit
that he did learn it and confess it and not ignore it.
That he was and is indignant over the lesson »*3 be
natural, but the Colonel had no reason for amaze
ment. What could he have expected? Would he in
this year of prosperity have the people applaud ?
calamity howler rather than the statesman whose ad
ministration has brought the prosperity? Would he
with the memory of the war fresh in the minds of all
have the people shout for a fiasco Colonel rathe* than
for the President who conducted the war? ' Would he
at a time when gold is flowing into the country and
the- affluent golden tide is everywhere blessing the
land have the people wax enthusiastic over free
silver and its howling dervish of a devotee?
The Colonel's indignation is pardonable, for it ii
human. Some of the best men in the world have been
roused to wrath by the stubbornness of facts, and not
a few have been even heard to swear at them. Reason
able men, however, are not amazed or even surprised
by such things. They recognize a fact when they see
it afar oft', and do not have to butt up against it be
fore they know what it is.
If Colonel Graves had kept his eyes open for the
last two years he would have perceived before he left
home how the political wind was blowing and would
have been spared the risk of taking personal observa
tions in the Northwest. That, moreover, would have
been greatly to his benefit, for it is clear the Colonel in
his lecturing threw out side remarks about McKinley
and Mr. Bryan to fee how they would be received, and
was immediately bowled over by the storm of Re
publican enthusiasm. It was like the case of a man
who should go out with a handful of straws to deter
mine the course of a zephyr and the next minute find
himself caught in a whirlwind and landed head down
ward in a remote county among rank strangers.
BRIBERY IN BUSINESS CIRCLES.
WHILE we are busily engaged in devising legis
lation to put an end to bribery in politics the
British arc trying to find some means of check
ing the practice in business circles. A bill for that
purpose drawn up by the Lord Chief Justice has been
submitted to Parliament and has been favorably re
ceived, although some of its strongest supporters are
doubtful whether it will be sufficiently effective to put
a stop to the practice altogether.
The movement is an outcome of the scandals con
nected with the Hooley bankruptcy case. It will be
remembered that the evidence given by Hooley dis
closed the fact that he had paid out large sums of
money to noblemen and other dignitaries of repute to
induce them to act as directors in his various specu
lative companies. These dignitaries served as decoy
ducks for the public, and by reason of having their
names the wily promoter was able to sell almost any
kind of stock at high prices.
Further investigation of the subject showed that
Hooley was by no means the only adventurous specu
lator who practiced the art of getting prominent men
to give the sanction of their names to risky enter
prises by paying them large sums of money. In fact,
it 'appears that for a long series of years British pro
moters have been using dignitaries to boom, their
schemes in much the same way that actresses and
opera singers are used in this country to advertise
soap or complexion powders. The deception thus
practiced has been carried to a point where it
amounts to downright fraud, and as. in the opinion of
the Chief Justice, the law at present is not capable of
dealing with the evil, new legislation is asked for.
The London Chronicle, which, with the British
press generally, favors the bill and recognizes the
need of remedial legislation, does not, however, ex
pect it to be wholly successful. It says there are many
forms of business bribery which can hardly be reached
by law. and cites two cases as examples. In one of
these a gentleman of high social standing was given
a position at good pay in a new company, and was
then required to make with his wife a summer holiday
visit at the seaside palace of the promoter. In the
other case a woman of rank was induced to assist in
the promotion of various companies, receiving there
for nothing in the shape of money, but an astonish
ing amount of jewels and other valuable presents at
Christmas time.
Tt would be difficult to prove bribery or fraudulent
intent in these cases. In the first it appeared the pro
moter simply desired social recognition for his wife,
and in the other there was nothing more than a
Christmas remembrance shown by a merchant to a
good customer. Many other illustrations might be
given of forms of such practices which no law can
reach, and yet which effectually serve to enable in
genious rascals to get into society and from that
vantage ground delude the public.
Notwithstanding the many forms of the evil which
the law cannot reach, the Chronicle holds it will result
in considerable benefit, for, as it says: '"It will catch a
great army of corrupt agents and buyers and of the
equally corrupt firms who bribe them. It is, in fact,
a bill to punish bribery in business life, and even if
it does not destroy that insidious evil it will largely
circumscribe its range." .
The inquest on embalmed beef proceeds, and the
jurors are now in Chicago watching the process of
packing. Possibly a packing establishment while in
operation for the edification of men empowered to
ruin it by a hostile verdict does not run on the plan
in vogue when a hurry order is being put up for
shipment to Cuba. The real question seems to be less'
as to what the packing houses do now than as to the
character of the stuff that poisoned our soldiers in the
tropics.
On general principles the powers .have no more
right to divide China than to steal the canary-colored
shirt of Li Hung Chang. Nevertheless, if. all of the
reports of butchery and outrage in that country, per
petrated on, missionaries, be confirmed, the only fear
is that the powers may fail to divide the antique bar
barism into pieces small enough.
Mr. Chirm of Kentucky recently advised a man
whom he did not like to go and get a gun. The man
did so, but when he returned with all due haste Chirm
was not. there. Nevertheless Chirm's reputation of
being a gun-fighter will cling to him, and his pros
pects for living long to enjoy it are good.
Foreign critics are now kind enough to tell us how
our little war should have been fought. They are
somewhat handicapped in pointing out any fatal de
fects, since one of the objects sought in fighting is to
lick the other fellow.
GRISWOLD ANSWERS GILLESPIE,
Editor Morning Qa\\- PeW Sir:
Turning to the personal attuea madi;
in The Cull of Monday on myself.
Monteith, ... - and other*'. I d-sdr-i
to reply that the charge ...
Gillespie that 1 waa "openly eunvtrtrd
of stuillng the ballot box" hull hut a
shadow of foundation in truth- An In
cldent occurred in 18! about uu foi
l<iwa: A contention uroae at* lo bow
tin: olllcera of the committee Ujiould be.
elected- The ballot waa lliially'renorted
to. To hasten the. work " whm pro
posed that the ballot pa pert* ho lin ml* -d
to member- In their Hcutti and after
their eboleo had brut written thereon
the ballots bo colkotod ... i euiliiMul.
I favored ,i.i method. Cillers deolaied
that It wan uitßUfu and deuu'iided that
the roll bo called and each member
Hull, 1- from l.i • distant Boat and de
posit hia ballot In a hat I'" front- 1
declared thia me l hod lo I- aa unbaf.i
ua tho other and despuruloly tedious,
It waa, however, adopted. To demon
.strata the unsafely of i lit- method ut
ter 1 had written ..I, ballot and folded
It, i also folded another ballot paper,
ami without <, name or scratch "' '•■ "
oil on ii, going to vi- ii"i deposited
m _ ballot and Hi-- blank both: thus
demonstrating ibe unsafety < (aimed
"When it appeared "ii the count that,
one more ballot .ii it"- Instant not
known to be blank— iii. iii the number
of name* called wan In the hat, an In
quiry arose as to how it came there
I voluntarily and instantly exposed the
ruse l .i.i adopted to -how the com
mittee that the plan adopted could be
abused. A ballot la a piece of paper
with names of candidates written
thereon. A piece of paper without the
names of candidates written thereon is
not a ballot. A voter must put more
than one ballot In the box before he
can be chargeable with "ballot stuff
ing." I deposited but one ballot and
promptly explained the presence of the
ballot paper in the hat. Mr. Gillespie
knew all this and knew also, when he
made the statement to The Call of
Monday, that he was trying to deceive
the public, libel me and thereby divert
attention from the political rascalities
recently charged against him.
He declares, furthermore, that I vot
ed "against him" In the convention.
This is another and more direct form
of the conventional Gillespie lie. I cast
no such vote. "Since then," he de
clares, "we have never trusted him.
HE WANTS TO GO HOME.
Soldier's Poem From Manila.
Seeking the bubble reputation at the cannon's mouth may be full of
clorv but to many of those at Manila it has brought a longing for other
things The following poem addressed to a friend of jthe writer -In this city
with directions to forward it to the Adjutant GenerA at Washington will
tell its own tale. It is perhaps the most unique of all appeals for discharge
from service in the torrid and withering Philippines. _
CONVALESCENT HOSPITAL. CORREGIDOR ISLAND. Jan. 21. 1599.
To the Adjutant General, United States Army, Washington, D. C.-Sir:
I want, to go home.
I want to go home. Please grant my plea
And from your army set me free.
I've fought and bled with my comrades true.
And lived on hardtack and horsemeat stew;
I've slept In a trench, and that's no lie.
When the rain like bullets fell from the sky.
When hist'ry's writ 'twill then be known
That I did my share. Now I want to go home.
I want to go home a battle-scared "Vet.",
To tell of scenes which I'll ne'er forget,
How when the battle raged fierce and high
I made the blistering Spanish fly;
How, armed and eager for the fray, •
I led the charge at Malate,
Right in the teeth of the hellish crew *
And captured the guns and the gunners too.
I want to go home. Of scenes of strife
I've had enough to last my life.
I want to live far from sounds of war.
The rifles' crash and the cannon's roar, x
In some small place to spend my days
In quiet pursuits and peaceful ways.
No more to wander, .no more to roam;
Mr. Adjutant General, please send me home.
Very respectfully yours, THOMAS P. COSGRAVE,
Private, Hospital Corps, U. S. Army.
GRAND JURORS
STILL PURSUE
THE OLD BOARD
School Matters Are
Investigated.
ATTEMPT TO HASTEN ACTION
A COMMITTEE REPORTS ON THE
BRANCH COUNTY JAILS.
Finds Much to Commend in the Office
of Sheriff Martin, but Con
siders the Jails in Bad
Condition.
Chairman Buckingham of the Grand
Jury committee on schools precipitated a
heated discussion at the weekly meeting
of that body yesterday. He objected to
the slow progress made in the investiga
tion of the department as managed by the
last board. He wanted additional experts
employed, with the object of getting at
the bottom of the dishonest practices of
the men who involved the educational in
stitutions of this city and caused so much
suffering among the teachers.
The present administration came in for
criticism from Mr. Buckingham. He told
of visiting an evening school unannounced,
and finding two teachers in charge of one
class of less than twenty pupils. He
urged his fellow members on the jury to
take steps to press an investigation in an
effort to right the wrongs already done
and prevent turther abuses.
Captain of Police Gillen marshaled a
host of witnesses, who testified against
Policeman Cassius M. Blackmail. The lat
ter was implicated with a saloon-keeper in
the Mission named Rood in the robbing
of Cornelius Cronin, a miner from Ne
vada. Cronin was inveigled into the sa
loon on the night of December 13 and was
robbed of some $100. Blackman disap
eared soon after and no trace has ever
been found of him. It is believed he left
here in some ship bound for a foreign
port. The effort to have him indicted by
the Grand Jury is to provide against the
contingency of his being heard of in other
lands. No definite action was taken.
Sylvain Levy, chairman of the commit
tee having charge of the Sheriff's office
and County Jail, presented an elaborate
report. He complimented the present
Sheriff. Henry Martin, upon the high class
character of the men in his employ and
on the manner in which his office is con
ducted. The condition of the branch jails
near Ingleside was examined and the in
stitutions were found sadly in need of re
pairs throughout. The plumbing is de
fective, and many .inconveniences i are
lacking, accordine to the investigators.
The dishonest, bent on crooked work.
pr-Ver trust the honest; the villain, bent
on vii.riJny,' never trusts bis schemes
to |lm;*>:' oppoaed to villainy; tho th*ef
tii -.-< t lakes counsel or advice of those
oppo'ied (<> ihJevlng; the hoodler never
tkHen info hia .... the "fh«?
|",<ljen the law-defying politician
hcvrf -Jprnmunjcatea his viand uj or
n.'ilii) m'JvJcc of the law-abiding politi-
There l» therefore ample reason why
the KlnnQ-Gmesplß gang of poHt.cgJ
•u..ij..--i and rascal*, failed to trust
mVfflt and Others who have contended
f )( j political honor and honesty. Their
1...1... to "trust" I consider the highest
older of uncnn-cloua f.ompliment.
The purity committee .-•■>- not inves
tigated. ii refused to appear before the
liivcDllgatl.m committee appointed un
der the order of the County Committee.
It d Hi ■' that order. B* tricky ma
nipulation and the votes of heelers
made ... ..i to them by baseless prom
ises .if patronage which ■.-.vi never ma
'■"■■"■■- "■' did, without JE2 __h
gatloi secure a temporary whitewash
from the executive committee, which,
by in. uiiine means, was secured
from in , County Committee. When the
details of thai whitewash come to the
public. as in. -, are likely to do through
the pending suit, they, mat ilnd that |
white has turned to black. I
m, Kinne also delights In a mislead- i
Ing mixture of falsity and truth. Space |
was taken In the Voice of Labor by the
campaign committee for three week*
To get money for Kinne It must be
tilled with campaign matter. Dr. Cleve- ,
land and myself were requested to fill
it We did so, without charge to Kinne j
or the committee. Kinne got the pay— .
an outrageous sum— and yet this infa- ,
mous politician mendaciously intimates.
to the public through The Call that I
used the space for my own VW^oiinl .. j
As a pretext for pouring 5580 Into his
own pockets through the Voice of La- ,
bor Kinne refers to it as the party j
paper." The Voice of Labor professes
to be devoted to the interests of labor
and was never known as a Populist
"party paper" until Mr. Kinne discov-
Gr in the remark "George D. Gillespie
received 5150 for his entire summers
work" does Mr. Kinne mean to inti
mate that $150 was stolen from the
treasurer of the municipal purity com
mittee and turned over to Mr. Gillespie
to compensate him for services ren
dered the State Committee^^^
San Francisco, March 9, 1899.
MAJOR MOORE
RECEIVES HIS
WALKING PAPERS
Charming Now Holds
the Fort.
AGENT POWER ON HIS WAY
WAS FORMERLY CONNECTED
WITH THE OFFICE HERE.
How the Major Economized by Bor
rowing Mr. Gassaway's
Room for His
Revels.
Special Treasury Agent Moore Is no
longer a Federal official. Yesterday morn- j
ing such of his personal effects as he 1
cared to take with him were removed
from his late office, the major not put
ting in an appearance. He had been ad
vised by letter from Washington on the
previous evening that he was free of all
Federal obligations and no longer on the
payroll of the Government.
G. E. Charming, special employe in his
office, received a note from the Secretary
of the Treasury yesterday morning re
questing him to take charge of the office
and conduct its affairs until the arrival
from New York of Major Moore's suc
cessor, J. D. Power, a special agent, for
merly on duty at this port. Mr. Channjng
is one of the major's closest friends and
stood by him through all his trouble, but
the evidence against the major was too
strong to pass unheeded and an army
of friends could not have saved him.
Major Moore is a peculiar character.
Not even . his most bitter enemies have
ever intimated that he was not honest
and industrious in the discharge of the
duties of his office. He had only two
'auks, and those were as wide as a
church door and as deep as a well. By
his persistent interference in small things
in and about the Custom-house he drew
upon himself the deadly enmity of almost
all the officials who were subject to his
surveillance. That was the one fault
that madt him unpopular. The other was
his Indiscriminate. love tor indiscriminate
women. It was Impossible for a lady
typewriter with any pretensions to good
looks to remain In his office, owing to his
Improper conduct. Outside of the office
he was often seen after dark with young
women of free and easy manners hieing
to some resort of cheap beer and tamales.
Sometimes the major entertained the
ladies of his choice in his own apartment,
but when he dwelt with church people
and wore a sanctimonious expression he
used to borrow the room of his special
employe. Will Gassaway, for an evening
occasionally to entertain his lady friends.
Later he showed his gratitude to Gassa
way by having him discharged from the .
office on the score of economy. v
Mr. Power has been delayed by the ne- iy.
cessary arrangements for the removal of
his family hither. He Is expected here
in about _ week's time.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Colonel N. L. Pearse of London, Eng
land, is a guest at the Palace.
j. P.. Goodrich, ft jewelry manufac
turer of New York, is at the Lick.
li. J. Mitchell, a prominent citizen of
Brockton, Mass., is at the Occidental with
his wife.
Joseph McCudden, accompanied by his
daughter, came down from Vallejo yes
terday on a short visit to this city and
registered at the Grand.
C, 11. King, who has extensive railroad
interests in Wyoming, is at the Grand
with his wife. They will visit the princi
(...l points of Interest throughout the
State.
At the Ross are registered two mining
men, J. Madison of San Diego and Wil
liam Liggett of Los Angeles. The lat
ter has some good claims in the Klon
dike which he will soon proceed to de-
lop.
Herbert Myrick, the well known author
ity on beet sugar, hops and other prod
ucts, and editor of the Orange Judd Far
mer of Chicago and the American Agri
culturist of New York, is at the Califor
nia. He is investigating beet sugar fac
tories for an Eastern syndicate, and also
the agricultural possibilities of the State.
He was a green
conductor, who
had just come
over from tha
Emerald Isle, and
through the good
HE KNEW
HIS
BUSINESS.
offices of a rela-
+$> <§>+ tlve who is a suc
cessful politician in this city had suc
ceeded in getting a position on the Mar
ket-street Railway. He was assigned to
a Valencia-street car, and after the usual
"breaking in" process he was allowed to
go it alone.
When the car left the barns en route
to the ferry on his first trip in the
morning, everything passed off serenely
until the car reached Lotta's fountain oa
the return trip. There two ladies got on
and sat down. They proved the new con
ductor's undoing. When he asked the first
lady for her fare she handed him a nickel,
at the same time saying, "Please let me
off at Ninth street."
The second lady likewise handed thi
conductor a nickel and remarks, "I want
to get off at Twentieth street."
The green conductor gazed at her se
verely for a few seconds and then, with
an air of supreme authority, replied:
"I'll do no such thing. I know my busi
ness. You both got on together and
you'll both get off together."
The conductor is looking for a new po
sition.
C. B. Hamilton, a hotel-keeper of Nana,
and J. R. Houghton, a Chico capitalist,
are guests at the Lick.
J. H. Hardin, a cattle-raiser of Santa
Rosa, and J. T. Quigley, a mining man r '
Anaconda, Mont., are among the arrivals
at the Russ.
W. K. Van Reypen, surgeon general,
U. S. A., is at the Palace, accompanied bi
his wife. He comes from Washington, D.
C, to investigate the hospitals provided
for sick soldiers, and will report the re
sult of his observations to the Govern
j ment.
A party of prominent railroad offi
cials, with their wives, arrived here yes
terday in the Wagner private car "Cor
sair," and engaged apartments at the
California, The party comprises W. B.
Kniskern, general passenger agent of the
Chicago Northwestern Railway, wltn
headquarters at Chicago; W. V. Chase of.
Chicago, general superintendent of the
Wagner Palace Car Company, and C it.
Warner of New York, superintendent of
the Eastern division of the fatter com
pany. Their visit to this coast has no
especial significance. They are here for
pleasure, and will go to Monterey to
morrow/after which they leave for Port
land. _•_ j
-■♦ ■ — /
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March 9.-C. A. Barlow
and wife of San Francisco are at the
Hoffman. T. J. Molton of Yreka is at the
Marlborough. C. B. Place of San Diego
Is at the Cosmopolitan.
Organ Music in Court.
The case of Charles R. Tufts, charged
with maintaining a nuisance in his store
on Pine street near Kearny in the shape
of an organ worked by electricity, was
called in Judge Conlan's court yesterday.
Guests in the California Hotel and store
keepers in the neighborhood complain
that the organ constitutes a nuisance and
by consent the case was continued till
Tuesday morning when the organ will be
produced in court and the Judge will have
an opportunity of deciding for himself
whether the music can be classed as a
nuisance. __________________ ___ .
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men ty the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Contracts made on Sunday may be en
forced in Minnesota, according to a deci
sion of the Supreme Court of that State.
'•Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be pure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
California Limited,
Santa Fe Route. Leaves Sundays, Tuesday*
and Fridays. Elegant service. Vestibuled
sleepers, observation cars. Harvey's Dining
Cars through from California to Chicago with
out change. Get full particulars at company" s
office, 628 Market st. *
HOTEL DEL. CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days* board at
hotel; longer stay, $3 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
The loftiest inhabited place In the world
Is the Buddhist monastery of Haine, in
Thibet. It is about 17,000 feet above the
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Doctors now agree that
consumption is curable.
Three things, if taken to-
gether, will cure nearly every
case in the first stages; the
majority of cases more ad-
vanced; and a few of those
far advanced.
The first is, fresh air; the se-
: cond, proper food; the third,
Scott's Emulsion of cod-liver
oil with hypophosphites.
To be cured, you must not
I lose in weight, and, if thin,
you must gain. Nothing
equals Scott's Emulsion to&
keep you in good flesh.
50c. and $1.00, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE. Chemists, New York.SUGAR FLEET
MIKES PORT
IN A BUNCH
Fort George Taken for
King George.
SAILING VESSELS FOR MANILA
WOES OF THE CITY OF COLUM- i
BIA NOT ENDED.
Children of the Maria Kip Orphanage
Entertained by Mrs. Henry
Peterson and Then Taken
Out to the lowa.
A fleet of sugar vessels made port yes
terday. Almost all kinds of rigs were
represented, but the barkentine made the :
best voyage. Five of the vessels are from i
Honolulu and one from Kahului. Their ;
names and voyages are as follows: Bar- j
kentine S. G. Wilder, 15 days: brig W. G.
Irwin, 17 days; schooner Defender (Ka
hului), IS days; ship Fort George, 13
days; bark Mauna Ala. 22 days, and bark
Martha Davis, 24 days. The vessels had
the same kind of weather from the i
islands, so the barkentine and brig fairly
outsailed the others.
When the Fort George hove in sight she
was mistaken for the British ship King
George, now out 130 days from Antwerp.
The news spread along the front and the
runners for the Eailor boarding-houses |
and merchants who supply the shipping
were soon on their way to Fort Point
to intercept the incoming "lime-juicer." I
A bitter cold north wind was blowing and !
the runnners had a most disagreeable
trip out at the heads. Their disgust may
be imagined when the Fort George and
not the King George rounded the Fort '
TEACHERS NOT QUITE
READY TO COMPROMISE
Proposition From Other Creditors of the Board of
Education Taken Under Advisement.
THE public school teachers have
received a compromise offer
from the merchants and others
holding claims against the
School Department which they hardly
know what to do with. About a fourth
of the teachers in the department met
in the Girls* High School auditorium
yesterday afternoon and when the re
port of the committee on litigation
having in charge the collection of sal
aries for the months of November and
December last had been submitted
there was a lively discussion that did
not end unitl the meeting adjourned
to meet again a week from next Mon
day, when definite action will be
taken.
Elisha Brooks presided and first
called upon Charles H. Murphy, chair
man of the committee on legislation,
to tell what had been done on behalf
of the teachers. Mr. Murphy has been
In Sacramento the greater portion of
the time since the Legislature has*
been In session and he gave an inter
esting account of what had been ac
complished in the way of legislation
affecting education. The most impor
tant work accomplished, he said, was
the passage of a bill that will prevent
the loss of any portion of teachers'
salaries in future. This bill, which
was signed by the Governor Wednes
day and is now a law. provides for the
setting aside of a special fund by the
Count y Boards of Education on the Ist
of July of each year, to be known as
the teachers' salary fund. It is to be
based upon careful estimates of the
amount required for the purpose and
is to be ample to meet teachers' sal
aries for the ensuing fiscal year. The
measure passed the Assembly unani
mously and there was only one vote
against it in the Senate, that vote be
ing cast under a misapprehension.
Several other bills are pending in
one house or the other, all of which
contained, as originally introduced,
SUGAR FLEET COMES IIN J\ BUNCH.
HE barks Martha Davis and Mauna Ala, ship Fort George, harkentine S. G. Wilder, brig W. G. Irwin and
T schooner Defender all made port yesterday. The Merchants' Exchange gives the credit for the fastest
J[ trip to the barkentine, but the captain of the Irwin says he beat the Wilder twenty-four hours.
and stood up the bay under shortened
canvas.
>.'one of the sugar fleet made really fast
time and the Roderick Dhu's twelve days
from Hilo still stands as the record for
the season.
Charters are few and far between at
the present time and a number of Brit
some good and some objectionable
features. The committee had suc
ceeded, after much effort, in eliminat
ing all the obnoxious clauses, and
if the bills passed in their present
shape, as it seemed most probable
they would, the teachers would be
greatly benefited thereby.
Senate bill 53 passed the Assembly
yesterday and Assembly bill 639, with
the "tenure of office" clause knocked
out, would probably be passed. That
tenure of office clause had caused the
committee much worry, fur had it
been retained in the bill and become
law San Francisco teachers would all
have to be appointed each year, thus
throwing the department into the
hands of politicians.
— Mr. Murphy spoke of the glaring
errors made in printing the bills and
said it would be necessary to closely
scrutinize every measure that came
from the State Printer.
W. D. Kingsbury supplemented Mr.
Murphy's report of the work at Sac
ramento and closed with the state
ment that there was more important
business to come before the meeting
In the report of the committee on pro
tection of teachers' salaries.
L. F. Bartlett read the report, which
reviewed at length the struggle of the
teachers in court and out of court to
obtain their salaries for November and
December. The defeat in court of the
creditor merchants' attempt to have
their claims put ahead of the teachers'
THE SAN FRANCISCO ' CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 10, 1899.
i ish vessels are going in to the lumber
trade sooner than lay up. Uncle Sam has
: a big lot of supplies on hand that he
; wants to get to Manila, and the chances
are that some of the British ships in port
! awaiting a charter may be taken. Steam
i ers cannot be secured and those that are
' now under charter to the Government are
' very much needed by their owners. If
ll 111 I ■ ■■■■■■ wT
salary- claims, he said, had resulted in
an effort on the part of the merchants
to compromise, which offer the attor
neys employed by the teachers had
strongly advised them to accept. In
brief, the plan of compromise submit
ted was this: There Is now available
something like $65,000 to $70,000 that is
to be divided equally between the mer
chants and teachers, giving the latter
about one-fourth of the amount due
them for the two months. A trus-
tee, to be selected by the merchants' |
and teachers' committee, is to take
charge of all available funds there
after and divide them among the
teachers and merchants. This trustee .
is to hold the teachers' warrants for
November and December, and that is .
what caused the trouble. ;
As soon as the reading of the report <
was finished Mr. Faulkner demanded ;
to know if it was the intention to as- >
sign the warants for two months for <
one-quarter of the amount due, and <
announced that he. for one, would j
never consent to such a plan. The la- <
dies heartily applauded this sentiment, -
and one charming miss declared she •
would rather. not receive a cent than }
to accept a quarter of what was due. j
Messrs. Kingsbury. Murphy and Mc- j
Carthy argued in favor of the plan, .
while Messrs. Edwards, Clark and i
White and Miss Conklln Inclined to -$
Mr. Faulkner's view. if; J
Mr. Edwards moved that the com- \
promise plan be printed on slips of pa- S
per and given to every teacher, for con- >
sideratlon, and the matter could come j
up again for action next Monday. He «
said that not more than a fourth of the ?
members of the department were pres- ]
ent, and it would be unfair to the ab- ,
sentees to dispose of their Interests in i
such haste. «
The advocates of the compromise op- j
posed further delay and recounted the >
cost of further litigation, but they j
were plainly in the minority; the ladles j
thought they had defeated the mer- ,
chants once in court and could see no J
reason for rushing into a compromise j
with the other creditors without giv- j
ing the matter any consideration. I
Then there was some discussion as to 1
the best time of holding the next meet- {
ing, and it was finally decided to set it j
for Monday, March 19, at 4 p. m.
sailing vessels can be procured at from
22 shillings 6 pence to 25 shillings a ton
the chances are that Uncle Sam will load
some of them. ■ Bids will probably be
called for and then both American and
British owners will be able to make of
fers. The understanding is that, all
things being equal, the American ships
will be given the preference.
At present the following British ves
sels are available: Ships Afon Alaw, 1947
tons; Ben Lee. 2204 tons; Flintshire, 1226
tons; Leicester Castle, 2009 tons; Ditton,
2699 tons; British General, 1650 tons: and
the bark Cardigan Castle, 1121 tons. These
vessels would carry about 18,000 tons of
freight, and as Uncle Sam has only
about 7000 tons of supplies to send to the
Philippines he should be able to choose
among the vessels named. The Ditton
and Ben Lee or Afon Alaw would prob
ably carry all the stores on hand in the
quartermaster's department.
There have been a few changes among
the sergeants of the Harbor police. Ser
geant Charles Cullom. who has been on
night duty, will be welcomed back "at
the desk" in the station to-day. Sergeant
Flanders, who has been on the desk, goes
to the O'Farrell street station, while Ser
geant Brophy of the Central station will
take the night beat on East street, reliev
ing Sergeant Cullom. The changes go
into effect to-day.
The troubles of the Klondike steamer
City of Columbia seem to be never end
ing. She was purchased in the East and
started for San Francisco via the Straits
of Magellan with a number of gold hunt
ters, among whom were several women.
In the Straits of Magellan she ran on
some rocks and the Patagonians came
near to making soup out of the men and
slaves out of the women. At a critical
moment the vessel backed off into deep
water and the passengers escaped.
At Valparaiso the Columbia had to go
on the drydock for repairs, and when
these were made there was no money to
pay for them. The steamer was libeled
and held until money was obtained from
the East, and then the voyage was re
sumed.
Finally Puget Sound was reached on the
way to the Klondike, and there the party
went to pieces. The ship required more
repairs, and nobody had any money to
pay for them. The passengers claimed
they had been defrauded and libeled the
steamer for damages. Suit after suit was
brought against the vessel until there was
not a square inch from keelson to truck
that was not plastered with a libel suit.
Eventually the City of Columbia was
sold by the United States Marshal, and
her new owners fixed her up and put her
in the Honolulu trade. She left Seattle
with a full cargo and a number of pas
sengers; but misfortune was in her wake.
Captain and passengers did not agree,
and the vessel reached Hawaii with some
of the latter in irons. More libel suits
followed, and for months the steamer was
tied up in Honolulu. At last she got
away, but broke down at sea. After being
patched up she managed to reach Hilo,
but a few hours later sank at her anchor
age. She was raised again and taken to
Honolulu once more, where litigation
broke out* again. The crew had not been
paid since leaving Seattle, and merchants
wanted their money.
Once more the City of Columbia was
put up for sale, but owing to some mis
take in the advertisement there were very
few people present, and she was knocked
down to Captain Evans for $1500. This
was not near enough to pay the vessel's
debts, and now the Alameda brings the
news that the Judge has refused to con
firm the sale. A Chinese firm made affi
davit that it was prepared to pay $10,000
had its representative arrived in time at
the sale. Captain Evans has carried the
matter into the Supreme Court of Hawaii,
and there the City of Columbia's fate
rests at present.
A most enjoyable treat was given the
children of the Maria Kip Orphanage by
Mrs. Henry Peterson last Wednesday af
ternoon. The children, to the number of
twenty-five, went first to Mrs. Peterson's
home, where they partook of a sumptuous
lunch. Then they and their friends and
the friends of the orphanage to the num
ber of seventy-five went down to Folsom
street wharf, from where Mr. Peterson's
launches Amy and William D took them
out to the battle-ship lowa. The party
was shown over the huge fighting ma
chine, and all enjoyed themselves thor
oughly. Before disbanding, after the re
turn to terra firma, three cheers were
given by the children for Mr. and Mrs.
Peterson.
A. Thier, mate of the National City, met
with a serious accident yesterday. A
sling broke and some planks fell on him,
breaking his nose. He was treated at the
Harbor Hospital, and Dr. Fltzgibbon
thinks Thier is internally injured.
Uncle Sam has changed his mind, and
the City of Puebla will go back to Manila.
The vessel was rechartered yesterday and
will be got ready for another voyage as
quickly as possible. The Conemaugh
took- nearly all of her load of mules
aboard yesterday, and will probably get
away Saturday. _^ ,'i ..--.-'
There Is a Difference in Beers.
But there is no difference in Anh«user-
Busch's liI'DWEISER. It IB always the same.
Mure of this superb brew has been consumed
by the American public than any other brands.
Poolroom Men Defiant.
The action of Chief Lees in raiding the
poolrooms south of Market street
Wednesday and seizing the para
phernalia has roused a spirit of
antagonism in the poolroom men.
When the cases of the five men ar
rested were called in Acting Police Judge
Barry's court yesterday Attorney Long,
for the defendants, intimated that dire
results would follow to the police, but no
notice was* taken of his warning. The
search warrant cases will be heard this
morning, and the other cases were con
tinued till to-morrow.
Anakesls cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address .inakesls. New York. •
Gentlemen's Sodality.
On Sunday morning, March 12. the Gen- j
tlemen's Sodality will meet at their chapel '■
on Hayes street and march in solemn pro- j
cession, headed by their officers and ban- I
ners of the society, to the 7:30 o'clock !
mass at the large Church of St. Ignatius, i
where they will receive holy communion I
in a, body. It being the holy season of |
Lent and as new members will be received i
the ceremonies will be unusually impres- j
sive. v'ci^iV;".!;, '. Uii;:"- : :z i}'%,^',jJ..
Mrs. S. R. Hall, 10 Kearny. Opening of
our beautiful imported hats to-day. •
THEY TALKED
GAS FOR THREE
WEARY HOURS
Finance Committee's
Inquiries End.
PRESIDENT CROCKETT ARGUES
UNDER OATH HE MAKES IM
PORTANT ADMISSIONS.
Expert Fred Holweg Gave Interest
ing Testimony on the Quality
and Cost of Gas in
This City.
J. B. Crockett, president of the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Light Com
pany, and Mayor Phelan had a verbal
sparring match last night that lasted two
hours, at the end of which time the bout
was declared a draw. Mr. Crockett then
crossed swords with Fred Holweg, gas
expert of the Finance Committee, and
the discussion that followed developed the
fact that Mr. Holweg, who keeps a drug
store at North Beach, has spent consid
erable time delving deep into the mys
teries of manufacturing gas.
When the investigation into the affairs
of the gas company, which was begun last
Tuesday night by the Finance Committee
of the Board of Supervisors, in order to
fix a compensation to be paid for lighting
the city during the last two months, was
resumed last night, President Crockett
was the first witness called upon to tes
tify.
Mayor Phelan had evidently spent many
hours preparing for the ordeal. He had
spread before him reports upon the sub
ject of municipal lighting from all over
the world, and questioned Mr. Crockett
closely on all matters pertaining to gas
and electric illumination from the time
the first gas plant was established in this
city up to the present day.
Mr. Crockett, who is an exceptionally
well posted man, answered his Honor's
questions with apparent honesty, and
never once during the two hours that he
was under fire did he find himself lost
for an answer.
He frankly admitted that there was an
understanding of a verbal nature between
his company and the San Francisco Gas
Improvement Company which enabled one
company to supply gas to consumers in
certain districts where the other com
pany has no mains, the company supply
ing the gas receiving the profit and the
other the cost of service. He also ac
knowledged that the two companies have
an agreement not to cut rates.
Mr. Crockett further stated, in answer
to various questions asked him, that the
gas supplied to households in various
portions of the city costs about 30 cents
a thousand feet to manufacture and 50
cents more to deliver it to the house
where it is consumed.
A report on the municipal lighting of
the city of Belfast, Ireland, was intro
duced for the purpose of showing how
much cheaper gas is supplied to that city
than it is to San Francisco. In defense
of his own position Mr. Crockett argued
that it would not only be unfair but un
reasonable for the Finance Committee to
allow the comparison of the gas rates
charged in the two cities to play any
part in the adjustment of the present dif
ficulty for the reason that the conditions
in Belfast were different from those ex
isting in this city. At least Mr. Crockett
believed they were, and as the Mayor was*
not familiar with the situation in Bel
fast so far as the production and manu
facture of gas is concerned the matter
was dismissed without any further argu
ment.
Fred Holweg was then called upon to
give expert testimony on the quality of
gas manufactured in this city and the
cost of its production. He was questioned
by the Mayor, Dr. Perrault and finally by
Mr. Crockett and his attorneys. Messrs.
Xix and Wheeler, and when Holweg left
the stand he also left an impression on
nearly all of his listeners that he knew a
thing or two about the manufacture of
gas. The Finance Committee will go over
all of the testimony introduced and de
cide upon the compensation to be allowed
the gas company some time next week.
CARL T. KIRCHHOFF'S WILL.
Poet and Novelist Disposes of His
Estate by Testament.
The will of Carl Theodore Kirchhoff, poet
and novelist, who died on the 2d inst.,
was filed for probate yesterday. His es
tate consists of personal property of un
known value. After directing that his
body be cremated, he makes the following
bequests: To the German Press Club the
death benefit due him from the Society of
German-American journalists and authors;
to two nephews in Germany all his manu
scripts; to the General Benevolent Society,
$500; to the German Old People's Home at
Frultvale, $500; to Dr. F. K. Castelhun,
$500; to relatives in Germany. $32,000. The
residue of the estate is bequeathed to Her
man Brunn. a nephew.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Fred D. Everts from Carrie E„ Everts
on the ground of willful desertion; Syl
vian Jalbert from Rosalie Jalbert on the
ground of habitual intemperance: Ger
trude I. Graham from Fred W. frraham
on the ground of extreme cruelty; and
James J. Malcolm from Ella M. Malcolm
on the ground of willful desertion. The
suit of Henry Le Blanch for a divorce
from Kate E. Le Blanch and that of the
wife against the husband was dismissed
yesterday by Judge Belcher, the couple
having forgiven each other and deciding
to enjoy the bliss of married life. Jennie
Loughran has sued Thomas Loughran
for a divorce, alleging cruelty as a cause
of action.
V n '"ni 7TTt** ;g r^ft-i i "' "-"
WORDS-
MERE WORDS!
Do not amount to much, but prices talk. Hero
are some that ought to interest you:
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets 40e and 800
Lydla Plnkham's Compound 7Ut-
Hood's or Ayer's Sarsaparllla 70c
Swamp Root '10c and HOc
Maltlne Preparations Ssc
McGlH'a Orange Blossom 75c
Mellin's Food (large) 55«?
Aiax Tablets 40c
Cupldene 7<K«
Llsterlne 70c
NOTE — To every person bringing in a sen-
tence made from the words at the top of this
space we will give a handsome souvenir.
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
TESLA ELECTRIC BELT
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
i * V^949*95l MARKferSI
" M -•— - ' *UaCI-tO_nALE BROS. -—
■ ::•■•
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H||B
s r
opening
to-day and Saturday ; '
Ask for our souvenir book issued by our millinery dept : "Miniatures
from Paris," containing 15 photos of hats— perfect poems in dainty
headwear : send your address for one, free.
937 to 947 Market Street.
rich millinery — moderately priced.
£719 ladies received a book from oar millinery dept yesterday.
Use r**^ Use
Woodbury's p* o^ Woodbury's
Facial Soap, Facial Cream. !
All blood disorders, skin and scalp diseases,
and nervous affections, no matter from what I
cause or of how long standing, are success- i
fully treated without the- use of mercury or
other poisonous drugs by JOHN H. WOOD- j
BURY, 26 W. 231 st . New York, and 163 State '
St., Chicago. Send 10 cents for Beauty Book, ,
and receive sample each of Facial Soap or ;
j Facial Cream, free. j
tFOR
FINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT. BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at -
25 per cent Less than Other |
Tailors Charge, Go tc
JOE POHEIM
All Wool Suits to & if) t a CfQC
Order from $1 L 4>«50
Pantsfrom.. $4 {0 $I 0
201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
fllOand 1112 Market St. S.F.
4-85 i4th STREET, OAKLAND, CAL.
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
Marian! VVlr.o Tonic
Marvelous Results in Cases of
SPRING FEVER
FOR SALE AT ALL DRUGGISTS' EVERY-
WHERE. AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Portraits
and endorsements free.
MARIANI & CO.. NEW YORK.
iS2§li^s& Doctor
JlSr^ll MEYERS
IS ' %r^R S P eclalists for HeD
i I ■*} «! i *S^£iB* ¥§£!>» These physicians have been J
Xv^sAtt f^- **y* curing weaksess and eon-
\\7rft4> I , VS;| trscted salmecU sinre ISSI.
\*£jj&, 1 VG*4feu££^| They have th« largest and
IS/S , '!l r rl /<w»Tnw\a hwt equipped medical ln-
<2s- 1 KJ,?Jsf«SiiY??\yS^ tcnsiTe j-.rsctice tc the I.', b.
Xa par Tin ( -' ared *
JKWjv Unfortunate men who cau-
&»'j\ || X^iiS^viwv^ not call should write, for ad-
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. _. ALL FREE.
Thousands cured at bom«. i
All letters confidential: No Charge for Consultation.
731 MARKKT ST., [Elevator Entrance.
10l SAN FBASCISCO ) Elevato ' Entrance.
_ _
o OTC» o o 00000000 cro c O a
gw PALACE *'S
%GRAND SOTBLam
q BAN FRANCISCO. q
? Connected by a covered passageway. Tj
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. *■
P Ail Under One Management. O
0 NOTE THE FRICES: Q
-. Enropcan Plan.Sl.OO per day and upward _
D American P1an.98.00 per day and upward**
Q Correspondence Solicited. (J
D JOSK 0. lIKBTA7SICK, Kamagsr. Q
fiQQ.QCOOOOa2OOCQQOfI
NER VITA "-S , 55057
JteSSS mm AND MANHOOD
Cures Impotcncy Night Emissions and wasting
BH^^S B diseases, all effects of abuse, or excess mi
yg& -vS\ indiscretion. A nervt'tomc and blood'builder.
,^a Jff Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and r;<
ik.]Sg?x— J stores the fire cf youth. By mail 500 per
Rik^Srf bcr 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
x guarantee to cure or refund the money.
tt«n<lta medical Go., CHnton * Jackson %\t., Chicagj.
WALLER BROS.. 33 Grant aye..San Francisco. •
i^^^m* RUPTURE.
\r^\iyy r '^^§ USE NO MORE IRON
gffi£jjtjP£fZxrt£ayr Hoops or Steel Springs.
C?>C|nS|Sr Rupture retained with easa
fl-XOT«^ and comfort, and thousands radl-
M fgk^ caliy CURED by DR. PIERCES
» /jSf x Magnetic Elastic Truss. ITT Call at
N^jr^ office or write fop New Pamphlet NaL :
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
CM Market at., opp. Palace Hotel. San Franclaoa. '
raO TO.»ar« TO Hflß^eß Hg^
THE NEW
ht:-y. &J^-Jpsv 4k fc S| CDCIIPII
vr:w 10th Day. •*>• 'Wm» % fib ll Willi
IK>> THE 20thDay - *-' -" Ilkßlkllflli
raontiKS THSiBon; sou Day. llsWtnlsiU I ■■
BKSL'LTS. ltqn::kly a^nrflyr»moie»s»rvousn««.lni r ot«ncy,
Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effects I
of self -abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
Power and Failine Memory. Wards ell Insanity and Consump- !
Won. Cures when all others fail. Insist on harirg TIT ALIH,
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail al.Ou
Ser package or six for 95.00 with a guarantee to Care or
tefund the Money, Circular Free. Address
«ALI/MET CURE CO., 884 Dearborn St., rbleac*
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. B. F. and Oakland.
ISI3TTCTJT7C FOR BARBERS. BAK- i
DllLiuil£iU era. bootblacks, bath-
**■" w** ** -houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flournillls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-^ofers. tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 3* :
DR. MCNULTY. !
TIHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD !
— i»list cures Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases .. Men only. Book on I'rtvato Diseases and i
Weaknesses >•! Men. free. Over 2o experience, j
Patients etiredrtt Home. Terms reasonable. Hotirs9
to3dailv:8.30to8::»f) ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and. sacredly confidential. Call.oraddress |
P. It OK CO X MrXUTY, H.O.
26S Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
i
&Co.4gfr±
V- "PATENTS! i)
V£S^35U MARKET ST. Sx.^SS^ \
X. HESS.
■OTAKT POBUC AND ATTOBNET-aP LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Bpnokala Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California St., below Powell, i
San Francisco. '
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
•Treat Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual crg-an». Depot. 323 Market. '
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA"^-
EVERY EVENING, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
BLANCHE WALSH,
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL
AND THE
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL CO.
FANNY DAVENPORT'S PRODUCTION
Of Sardous Great Play
LATOSCA
Next Wcek-'FEDORA "
! Coming- The Famous Original BOSTONIAX3.
(mtomla i»
TO-NIGHT and SATURDAY •^Sw
AFTERNOON and NIGHT, [7 M
Return Engagement of JhiA ¥i
' SOUSA and his Band. ijC.f
Three Special Programmes: 52S§!>
To-night, Wagner; Saturday /^HhL
Matinee, Ballroom; Saturday J|^^*^^
Evening, Sousa.
TO-NIGHT— WAGNER PROGRAMME:
1. . Overture. •'Rienzl": 2, Funeral March.
"Gntterdammerunp" : 3, Excerpts, "Siegfried";
4. Vocal Silo. '"Klsa's? ' Dream," "Lohengrin"
(Miss Maude Reese Davies); 5. Grand Scenes.
I "Knights of the Holy Grail." "Parsifal"; 6.
Overture, "Tannhauser": 7, Grand Fantasie on
I themes from "Lohengrin"; 8, Violin Solo, "Wli-
i helmj's Transcription of the Prize Song."
I "Meistersinger" (Miss Dorothy Hoyle); 9,
! "Ride of the Valkyries." "Die "Walkure." All
the soloists. Reserved seat sale now going on.
' Box Office, California Theater.
10 GREAT NEW CARDS. ALL HITS— IO
Imported Direct From Europe.
THE TWINS MARCO,
Famous Eccentrique Comiquea.
j OLA HAYDEN, Phenomenal Girl Barytone.
3 FORTUNIS BROS., Comedy Acrobats.
NEVINS' ACROBATIC MONKEYS AND
CLOWN BABOONS.
HAYDEN AND HETHERTON, Comedy
Sketch Artists.
Last 2 Nights of CORA TANNER and LOUIS
MABSEN, in "My Husband's Model."
THE HULINES AND THE FOUR EDDYS.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
: Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT.
THE REAL THING.
Offenbach's Mythological Work,
LA BELLE HELENE!
MATINEE TO-MORROW at 2 P.M.
Next Week — The Comedy Opera, "THE
PRETTY POACHER." Music by J. OFFEN-
BACH, Book by OSCAR WEIL.
Popular Prices 25c and 000
N. B.— A reserved seat for the matinee 250
Our Telephone. Bush 9.
ALCAZARJTHEATER.
MATINEE TO-MORROW at 2
TO-NIGHT, SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
LAST PERFORMANCES OF
THE LONDON LATEST FARCE HIT.
A MAN
WITH
A PAST!
PRICES - - • -y 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
Next— "A SOCIAL HIGHWAYMAN."
lalhambra theater.
Corner of Jones and Eddy Streets.
Under the Management of Holden, Mac Donald
and Kilgo.
EVERY STONING
DEWEY
THE HERO OF MANILA
— AND—
OUR NEW EASTERN STOCK COMPANY.
Received nightly with the utmost enthusiasm
by crowded houses.
Prices of admission 10c, 15c, 25c, 350
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Morosco Amusement Co. (Inc.) Lessee.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OP
GRAND OPERA
In French and Italian, by the
ELLIS OPERA COMPANY
HEW YORK SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA.
Enlarged Chorus and Ballet!
Repertoire, first week— March 13. ''Faust."
Melba; March 14. "Aida." debut of Gadskl:
March 13, "La Boheme," with Melba and debut
of De Lussan; March 16, double bill. "Caval-
lerla Rusticar.a" and "I Pagliacci," Gadskl and
debut of Cha'.ia: March 17. "Carmen," De Lus-
san and Gadskl; March 18, matinee, "Barber of
Seville," Melba.
The sale of single seats for the first six per-
formances now progressing at the box office.
Prices of reserved seats, $5. $4, $3, $2, accord-
ing to location. Box seats, $!'"'.
CONCERTS AND .RESORTS.
STEEPLECHASE^
SENTRAL FARE, Eighth and Market.
GO WHERE THE CROWDS GO!
Extra Attractions— The Barrel of Love; Royal
and Imperial Troupe of Japanese Lady Divers
and Swimmers; New Illusion; the Human
Spider; Pigeon Fuse Shooting. Open Daily
from 1 p. m. to 11 p. m. Admission, 10c, in-
cluding Horses.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction higher.
Wheat an.: Barley futures advanced.
Oats slightly higher.
Corn and Rye unchanged.
Another advance in Hay.
Bran higher. Middlings unchanged.,
Beans firm and Seeds dull. -
Shipment of $15,054 to China.
Potatoes firm and Onions weak.
Vegetables about the same.
Butter and Eggs easy.
Poultry steady. ; *
Navel Oranges advanced.
Prunes higher and more active.
Provisions unchanged.
Hogs easy at the decline.
Other Meats as before.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Gaelic took out a treasure list of $15,054,
consisting of $13,214 in Mexican dollars and $IS4O
in gold coin.
AUSTRALIAN GOLD.
The Alameda brought up from Australia
£202.000. or $983,457 in American money, making
$5,608,627 from this source since the beginning
of the year.
'WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 9, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours: „, , T *
List This Last
Stations- 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.50 24.42 26.81
Red Bluff '.'.'.'.'.'. 0.00 13.32 12.01
Sacramento 0.02 i.9j 8.6« i
San Francisco Trace 8.0.2 ..4o
Fresno 0.04 8.78 3.4 d
San Luis Obispo Trace 7.30 5.15
Los Angeles Trace 2.92 4.32
San Diego Trace 3..1 3. 1S
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.23
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
61; minimum, 46; mean, 48.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen decidedly over the
northern portion of the Pacific slope and fallen
over the southern. : A .
The weather is generally clear along the
coast sections and cloudy over the Rocky
Mountain and plateau regions. Snow is fall
ing over Utah. Idaho and Montana. This will
extend Into Nevada and Northern Arizona to-
The temperature has fallen decidedly over
the plateau and Rocky Mountain regions, the
greatest fall being 30 degrees at Salt Lake City.
Conditions are favorable for severe frosts to
night and Friday night in California and Art-
zona. , , x._,_.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 10. 1599:
Northern California— Fair Friday; colder in
the interior; severe frost; fresh north wind.
Southern California— Fair Friday; colder; se
vere frost; brisk to high north wind.
Nevada— Cloudy, with light snow squalls Frl-
uiah-Snow Friday.
Utah— Snow Friday.
Arizona— Fair in south portion, snow in north
portion; colder; severe frost in south portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday; se
vere frost; fresh north wind.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 9.— The result of to
day's trading was irregular, some of the spe
cialties showing advances, while most of the
standard shares were fractionally lower. The
activity in the initial and final trading with
dullness a large part of the day, was a coun
terpart of the dealings yesterday and the day
before, except that to-day trading was weak
in the final dealings, whereas on other days
the closing activity was marked by strength.
The specialties and the general market moved
considerably in the early dealings in sympathy \
with the coalers, which were stronger on con- j
tinued talk of the proposed deal, but subse
quently worked lower. The chief Flower
stocks were lifted from time to time, par
ticularly People's Gas and Brooklyn Transit,
which made net gains of about 2 points each.
Metropolitan Street Railway and Third Avenue
gained 1 -. and 7 points respectively. Sugar
and Pacific Mall were strong features in the
list, the latter on talk of Improved earnings.
There seemed to be a disposition for Boston !
banks to recall currency from New York, the |
premium of Boston exchange on New York
benlg 10918 c. The fact that the New York
BUb-Treasury will to-morrow draw on the
clearing house for $6,000,000 a part of the Cen- j
tral Pacific settlement money, some brokers :
considered did not warrant any expectation of I
money stringency, and there was no appear- j
ance of it in to-day's call money market.
There was a brisk demand in to-day's bond ]
market tor the semi-speculative issue, which '
generally ruled at Improved prices. Total sales, ,
83.350,000. United States 3s advanced % in the
price.
The aggregate sales of stocks to-day -were
619.000 shares, including: Atchison preferred,
22,115; Central Pacific, 7930; Burlington, 19,540;
Manhattan, 3475; Metropolitan, 19.140; Reading
first preferred. 52.210; Missouri Pacific, 6950;
Ontario ami Western. 23,200; Reading, 11,780;
Rock Island. 7400; Union Pacific, 6410; do pre
ferred. 20,400; St. Paul, 24,650; Southern Pa
cific. 11,000; American Steel and Wire, 21,871;
do preferred, 3320; American Spirits, 6123; Bay
State Gas, 11,875; American Tobacco, 5820; Fed- ,
eral Steel, 7755; Federal Steel first preferred,
4125; People's Gas. 18,000; Brooklyn Transit, ;
71.700; Pacific Mail, 9140; Tennessee Coal and !
Iron, 7740. .
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 21% St Paul 12$ j
Do prefd 61% Do prefd 169%
Baltimore ft Ohio. 71 St Louis & S P.... 11% !
Canada Pacific... 89% Do prefd.. .'O%
Canada Southern.. 57 Do 2d prefd 07% I
Cent Pai 504 St P & Om : j 2% !
Ches & Ohio 27% Do prefd 170
Chi & Alton 173 I So Railway 12% :
Chi B ft (J 139 Do prefd 48% I
Chi ft E 111 67 I Texas & Pacific... 24%
Do prefd 123 Union Pacific 46%
Chi G W l..'s Do prefd 78%
Chi Ind & L 8% U P D & G 12
Do prefd 44 Wabash :. S%
Chi ft X W 147% Do prefd 22%
Do prefd 191 Wheel & L E 11%
C C C ft St L 56% j Do prefd 32
Do prefd '.'ti'a j Express Companies —
Del & Hudson 115 Adams Ex 113
Del L & W 165 {American Ex 140
Den & Rio G. ...... 21% United States 55
Do prefd 72%] Wells Fargo 125
Erie (new) 14% ; Miscellaneous
Do Ist prefd 89% A Cot Oil 35
Ft Wayne 178 I Do prefd 91%
Gt Nor pre.d 185 Am Spirits 14%
Hocking Val 5% Do prefd 38% '
Illinois Cent 116% ; Am Tobacco 194% j
Lake Erie & W.... M | Do prefd 147
Do prefd 65 Cons Gas 217%
Lake Shore 200 Com Cable Co 180 '
.Louis « Nash 63% Col F ft Iron 33% |
Manhattan L 110%; Do prefd 94
Met SI Ry 245% j Gen Electric 118%
Mich Cent 113 Haw Com Co 79%
Minn & St L 53% ' Brooklyn X T 95% ,
Do Ist prefd 99 [ntl Paper 54% '
Mo Pacific 46% Do prefd 85 j
Mobile & Ohio 38 >Laclede Gas 51% \
Mo X ft T 13% Lead 34%
Do prefd 38% Do prefd 112%
N .1 Central 118% Federal Steel 51%
IS" V Central 185 ! Do prefd 8S ;
N V Chi ft St L... 13% Nat Lin Oil 4% j
Do Ist prefd 66 Pacific Mall 45%
Do 2d prefd 33 'people's Gas 114%
Nor West 17% Pullman Pal 158
No Amer Co 8% Silver Certificates. 59%
No Pacific .'.1% Standard R & T... 10% I
Do prel 78% Sugar 143 i
Ontario & W SS j ]> prefd 115%
Or R & Nay 45 T C & Iron 46% <
Or Short Line 42% V S Leather 6%
Pac C Ist prefd — It j Do prefd 7% I
Do 2d prefd Si v a Rubber 49%
Pittsburg ITS | Do prefd 115% I
Reading •'-'%, Western Union 93%
Do Ist prefd 6C% r Nay prefd 70
RGW 36 'Pnc ( "oast 48
Do prefd 75 Colo Southern 6%
Rock Island 117% I Do Ist prefd '?:<.
St Louis & S W... 9 I Do 2d prefd 21 j
Do prefd 2"% Am S & W C 0.... 83%
Bo Pacific 35 I Do prefd 103%
(LOSING BONDS.
U 8 3a 107% N V Central 15t5.,115
U S new 4s ..128% N J C 5a 118
Do coup 129 North Carolina 65.130
D S4a 111% Dr. 4s 107
Do coup 113% INo Pac ists 116
Do 2ds 99% | Do 3s 68
VS os reg 112% Do 4s 103%
Do 5a coup 112% N V C * 8 L 4s. 107%
District 3.65 a 116 Nor ft W6a 130 !
Ala class A 11l Northwest consols. 143
Do B 11l I Do deb 5s 122
Do C 104 jO Nay lsts 11l
Do Currency 160 O Nay 4s 101%
Atchison 43 103% O S Line 6s tr 128%
Do .11 4s 83% (' 6 Line sa, tr 110%
Can So 2da 109 [Heading 4s 90
C & O 4%s 91% iR '', W lsts S3
Chicago Term 45.. 98% St L & I M Con os.lll
c & Ohio Sffl 118% SL& SF Gen 65. 123 ,
C H ft D 4%s 104% St P Con 164%
D ft R Q 1ata. ...108% St P c & P 1ata. ..120
Dft RQ 4s 100% Do Ss 121 !
East Trim lsts ....104% So Ry 5a 105%
Erie Gen 4a 73% Standard R ft T Os 85%
F W ft D lets tr.. 84% Tens new set 35.. 97%
Gen Eice 5s 114% Tex Pac L G .112%
G H & S A 6a.. ..11l j Do Reg 2ds 32%
Do Ida 110 i Union Pac 4s 104%
H ft TC 5a 110 U P D & G lsts.. 90
Do con 6s 110 Wabash Ist 5s ....114%
IOWa «' lsts 107% Do 2ds 94%
La lien consols 4s. 109% I W Shore 4s 113
L ft N Uni 4s 93%|Va Centuries 83%
Pac Con Cs 116% i Do deferred 8%
M X & T 2da 67%! Wis Cent lata 67%
Po 4a 94 Colo Southern 45... S7',i
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar "3 Ontario 5 30
Crown Point lSjOphlr 93
Con Cal & Ya.... 1 15 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 173
Gould & Curry 35 Do prefd 500
Hale ft Norcrosa.. 30 1 Sierra Nevada 115
Homestake 50 00 ' Standard  2 30
Iron Sliver 661 Union Con 47
Mexican , 63 1 Yellow Jacket .... 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BOND.?.
Money— I Do prefd 63%
Call loans 393% Wis Cent .......... 1%
Time loans 3%@4 Gen Elec prefd ...137
Stocks— Atchison prefd .... 61%
AT& SFe 21% ! Bonds—
Amer Sugar 142% I Atchison 4s 100
Do prefd 115%' Mining Shares—
Bay State Gas .... 1% Allouez Mln C 0.... 11
Bell Tel 343 (Atlantic 35
Boston & Albany.. 24s Boston & Mont 363
Boston & Maine... l7o Butte & 805t0n.... 90
Boston L '. 88 I Calumet & Hec1a..565
Chi Bur & Q 139 Centennial 53
Fitchburg 114% Franklin 24
Gen Electric 119 Old Dominion 40
Fed Steel 51% Osceola '.'0
Do prefd SS Quincy 165
Mexclan Cent — 6% I Tamarack 223
Old Colony 201 Wolverine 47
Rubber 49% Parrot 43
Union Pac 46Vs Humboldt 2%
West End 93% Union Land 6%
Do prefd 112 Adventure 14%
Westingh Elec ... 49% i Winona 18
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 9.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were dull on the danger of
trouble with Russia in China and the prospects
of a £3.000,000 budget deficit, owing to the ad
dition of £3.000,000 for the navy. The closing
was less apprehensive.
Americans opened rather under parity and
promptly advanced, expecting a repetition of
yesterday. Ontarioa and Readings led and
Baltimore and Ohios were in demand, j Ger
many bought Central Pacifies and St. Pauls.
New York opened well, but very soon attempted
to sell a small quantity, whereupon there was
a sharp drop, as London Is entirely dependent
on New York. There was a slight rally In
the street. „„.
Coppers were good early. Tintos were 39%.
Anacondas 9%99 11-16. Money was in good
demand and there was more borrowing at the
bank. ', ' : ' :•"■ '- -'■-
Silver was hard on a little buying.
CLOSING.
LONDON, March 9.— Canadian Pacific. 92%;
Northern Pacific preferred. 81%: Union Pacific
preferred, 81%: Grand Trunk. 8%; bar silver,
firm, 27 7-16 d per ounce; money, 1%@2 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March 9.— FLOUR— Receipts,
26,758 barrels; exports, 9225. Inactive but
steadier with wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 112.000 bushels; exports,
109,141 bushels. Spot steady. No. 2 red. S3%c
f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Options, after a
steady opening, eased off under short selling.
The crop damage, war and export news de
veloped and shorts, becoming alarmed, cov
ered actively. Prices jumped a cent a bushel
in the afternoon and closed strong at %91% c
net advance. March. 81%982%c. closing S2%c;
May. 74 15-16976 11-16 c, closed 76c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
METALS— Variations in value to-day were
destitute of particular significance. Tin went
off 20 to 25 points, lead advanced 2% points.
spelter declined 2% to 5 points. The news at
hand failed to reveal any Important further
developments abroad or at the West, leav
ing the local crowd somewhat purposeless.
Business was very quiet all day. Jobbing lots
being the rule. The Metal Exchange called:
PIGIRON— nominal and quiet at
$9 85.
LAKE COPPER— and very quiet at
$17 75; tin easier with $23 65 bid and $23 7o
a LEAD— Quiet but firm at $4 32% bid and
$4 574 asked. The brokers' price for lead la
$4 10 and for copper, $18.
SPELTER— Quiet, with $6 25 bid and $6 3d
COFFEE— Options closed quiet and un
changed to 5 points lower. Sales, 8250 bags,
Including March. $5 10; May. $5 80; June, Jo 2..;
July $5 3095 35: August, $3 40. Spot coffee-
Rio, dull. No. 7 invoice. 6%c; No. i jobbing.
6%c" Mild, quiet. Cordova. 8914 c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong and higher. Fair re
fining, 3 i93 15-16 c; centrifugal. 96 test,
4 13-32 c; molasses sugar, 3%@3 l-3-16c. Refined, j
strong, active. •'■'•' •
BUTTER— Receipts. 4971 packages. Western
Creamery. 154920 c; Elgins, 20c; factory, 12@
14' ,c '" ' ' - * '
EGGS— Receipts, 9887 packages. Weak and
lower. Western, 19c; Southern, 18919 c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, March 9.— California dried
fruits firm. ' __„
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, .®B%c;
prime wire tray, B%@9c; choice, 9%99%0:
I anew 9%910c.
PRUNES— 49IOc. ; . ,„
APRICOTS— Royal. 12 9 14 c; Moorpark, IS®
17c
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9@llc; peeled. 23@2Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN - MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 9.— The prospect of any
improvement in the value of wheat looked very
bad at the commencement. The only food for
the bulls was the Michigan State crop report,
which said that four-fifths of the crop had
been seriously damaged by cold. On the other
hand Liverpool cables came %d to %d lower.
California had received a sprinkling of rain
and Russia officially reported last season's win- ,
ter crop 17 per cent larger than a year ago, j
with spring crops better by 14 per cent. The
Price Current was rather bearish. May- wheat i
opened at 70%4i 10%, and on liquidation got j
down to 70% c. At this point, however, the crop !
news received from correspondents of commis
sion houses became worse and more positive
about the Injury done than has previously been
the case. California dispatches said the rain
had been inadequate and the conditions of the
winter wheat was still very poor. Shorts in the
meantime had covered freely. The market be
came very strong in the last hour. California
sent further dry weather dispatches and frost
damage reports were as numerous as the war
time complaints about canned roast beef. The
heavy purchases for export also stimulated the
demand. May closed at" 71% c, an advance of
I%C. . .:
The strength in corn was due apparently to j
continued confidence in the short crop theories
of the bulls. May left off %c higher.
Oats ruled firm in sympathy with wheat and
corn. May closed %c higher.-';- :
The notable feature of the provision market |
was the weakness of pork, while lard and ribs
were firm. A good many speculators had \
spreads between pork and other speculative j
commodities, and to the uncovering of some
of these spreads was ascribed the irregularity
of the market. Pork left off 7%c lower, and
lard and ribs i unchanged.
The leading! futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
March 68% 70 68% 69%
May 70% 71% 70% 71%
July 69% 70% 69 70%
Corn No. 2—
May 35% 36% 35% 36%
July 36% 36% 36 . 36%
September 36% 37% 36% 37%
Oats No. 2—
May 27% 27% 27% 27%
July 25% 23% 25% 25%
Mess Pork, per barrel—
May 9 22% 925 910 920
July i ... 940 940 930 9 37%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May ..'. 5 37% 5 42% 5 37% 6 42%
July 5 50 5 55 5 50 5 55
September 5 62% 5 67% 5 62% 6 67%
Short Ribs. -per 100 pounds-
May 4 72% 4 77% 4 72% 4 77%
July 4 87% 4 87% 453 4 87%
September 4 97% 5 02% 4 97% 5 Q2%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet and easy; No. 2 spring wheat,
G7969c; No. 3 spring wheat. 63969 c; No. 2 red,
70%971c; No. 2 corn. 34%935c; No. 2 oats. 27'4c;
No. 2 white. 30930%c< No. 3 white. 29%930c;
No. 2 rye, 54% c; No. 2 barley. 42951 c: No. 1
flaxseed, $1 15; prime timothy seed, $2 40; mess
pork, per barrel. $9 0699 10; lard, per 100 pounds,
$5 27%95 30; short rib sides, loose. $4 50@4 70:
dry salted shoulders, boxed, 4%94%c; short
clear sides, boxed. $4 90®4 95; whisky, distillers'
finished goods, per gallon. $1 26.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20,700. 18,000
Wheat, bushels 74.000 . 30,000
Corn .bushels 413,000 222,000
Oats, bushels 295.000 238.000
Rye. bushel? 3,000 1,000
Barley, bushels 32,000 27,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, ■ 14919%e; dair
ies, 11%917& Eggs, weak and lower: fresh, 16@
17c. Cheese, steady: creams. 9%®10c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 330.000 22.940
Duluth 178.349 1.7.89
Milwaukee 23,800 10.500
Chicago 74.250 30.107
Toledo 11.246 12.000
St Louis 19.000 16.000
Detroit 18.911 10.183
Kansas City..... 28.600 58.300
Totals 655,C36 162,319
Tidewater-
Boston 11.433 103.301
New York
Philadelphia 13,223 1,634
Baltimore 5,572
Galveston 104,000
New Orleans 76,884 134,800
Totals '. — .......
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening .....5 6% 5 6% 5 6%
Closing ....5 6% 5 6% 5 6%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— ' March. May.
Opening 43 30 44 00
Closing
Wheat— -'■'■•'f-'i
Opening 20 50 20 95
Closing .....
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAfJOr ■.••"■■•■ ..: i:
CHICAGO, 'March 9.— CATTLE— was
! rather alow to-day and prices were weak to 10c
THE SA2T. FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 10. 1899.
lower, except for really good beeves, which
were steady. Fancy cattle brought $5 7395 85;
choice steers, $5 4095 70; medium steers, $4 659
4 95; beef steers, $3 8594 60;-stockers and feed
era, $3 5094 75; bulls, $2 6094; cows and heifers,
$3 8094; Western fed steers. $4 20@4 70; Texas
steers, $3 50® 5; calves, $3 5097 25.
HOGS— The supply exceeded the demand and
rales showed an average reduction of sc. Fair
to choice, $3 77%@3 95; heavy packing lots.
83 4093 75; mixed. $3 60@3 80; butchers. $3 60®
3 87%: light. $3 5593 80: pigs, $3 2093 65.
SHEEP— Business was active at firm prices.
Poor to prime brought $2 5094 60; yearlings,
$4 3094 70; lambs, $495 10.
Receipts— Cattle, 11,500; hogs. 30,000; sheep,
12,000.
A BOOT AND SHOE TRUST.
NEW YORK, March 9.— A special dispatch
from Boston to the Commercial Advertiser
says: The shoe and leather men of this city
and the shoe towns of the State are greatly
interested in a proposition that has been made
to form a national boot and shoe trust. It .ap
pears that the matter was broached to manu
facturers by Smith & Ryan of Chicago. A
small meeting was held, but no action was
taken. The meeting adjourned with the idea
that the trade should be canvassed and the re
sult be reported at a later meeting-. There
seems to be a decided difference of opinion.
The largest manufacturers generally throw
cold water on what they call feeble attempts to
form a combination. The project for an upper
leather trust is being actively pushed. The
movement is already considered a success, al
though the promoters have not gone quite far
enough to make the announcement of details.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, March 9.— At the wool auction
sales to-day 13,372 bales were offered. . The
Continental representatives 'operated freely,
with Increased animation for merinos. The
German buyers, however, secured the larger
portion at a slight advance. . A small supply
of scoured was keenly competed for at occa
sionally 5 per cent higher. A large selection of
fine crossbreds ruled firm and received strong
home support. Punta Arenas wool sold well at
from. 5 to 7% per cent above the November fig
ures. There was a full attendance and the de
mand was active.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. March 9.— Consols, 110 5-16; silver.
27 7-16 d; wheat cargoes off coast, nothing do
ing; cargoes on passage, easy for white, quiet
for' red; cargoes No. 1 standard California,
28a 3d: English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, March Wheat, easy; wheat
in Paris, closed; French country markets,
weak.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-lGd.
J" CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot.' easy; No x 1 Northern spring,
dull. 6s Id. Futures, steady; March, os C%d;
May, 5s 6%d; July, 5s 6%d.
CORN — Spot. steady. Futures. steady.
March. 3s 5%d; May, 3s 5%d; July, 3s 5%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., March 9.— Clearances, $265,
--924; balances, $46,425.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., "March Walla Walla
cargoes in Liverpool were quoted to-day at
27s 3d. which is the lowest mark this season.
Locally there was not much of interest in the
situation. Most of the buyers who have been
paying fancy prices were out of the market, but
a few lingered around the extreme top and one
lot of Walla Walla sold at 61c, which was
about 2c above quotations, with some refusing
to go above 59c. Valley was slow at 39960 c
and blue stem 62962% c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. March Wheat— Club,
I 68c; Blue Stem, 61®62c._
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchinge. telegraphic — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce .* — 59%
Mexican Dollars : — 48
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Was firm owing to the dry weather,
an Improved foreign demand on the Atlantic
Coast and to damage to the Michigan crop.
Spot prices were no higher, but futures ad
vanced.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. $1 13%91 13; milling,
$1 17%gl 20 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
4000 ctls. $1 19%; 6000, $1 19.
Second Session— December — 1000 ctls, $1 20;
8000, ?! 20%. '.
Regular Morning Session— l6,ooo
ctls. $120%; 10,000, $120%; 2000, $120%; 10,024),
$1 20.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 20%;
10,000, $1 20; 11.000, $1 19%. May— $1 17%;
2000, $1 17%. *' -;-.*-■-■':
BARLEY— The dry weather and north wind
rent futures up again, but the spot market was
dull and unchanged, as usual.
Feed. $1 25&1 25%: Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99. new
—2000 ctl? $1 03%; 200"). ?1 04; 10,000, $1 04%.
Second ' Session— '99, new— ctls,
$106; 4000, $105%; Win . $103%; 2000, $105%;
2000 $1 06%; 2000. $1 05%.
Regular 'Morning Session— Seller '99. new—
36,000 ctls. $1 06; 12,000. $1 06»i; 4000, 06%; 16,
--000, $1 05%; 4000, $1 05%.
Afternoon Session— '99. new— ctls,
$1 05%; 30.000, $1 06%.
OATS— The market is as firm as ever and
prices show a further slight advance. The de
mand is very good. : ■-■■■ ■".;
Fancy Feed, $1 4091 42% per ctl; good to
choice $1 3591 37%: common, $1 3091 32%; Sur
prise, $1469150; Gray. $1 32%®1 37%; Milling,
$1 40 per ctl: Red. nominal: Black, nominal.
CORN— The market is dull and unchanged.
Small round Yellow. $1 23; Eastern large Yel
low. $110911214; White, $110; mixed, $107%®
1 10 per ctl; California White, $1 12%.
RYE— sl 1091 12% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $4; bakers' j
extras. $3 8593 90; Oregon and Washington,
$393 65 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol- |
lows usual discbunt to the trade: Graham ;
Flour $3 23 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra ,
cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 5094 75; |
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy, $3 2593 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4® 4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 65498 95; in sacks. $6 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, ;
$4 30 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay advanced another 50c. The receipts were
light, the demand was rather better and the
prolonged dry weather began to make Itself
felt. Dealers are Inclined to think that the
long expected spring advance has at last set in.
Bran Is Arm and slightly higher. Middlings
are unchanged.
BRAN— S2O92I per ton.
MIDDLINGS- $21922 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26@27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $81931 50; job
bing, $32'it32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24925; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50
924 50; Cracked Corn, $24©25; Mixed Feed,
519 50@30. *>
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16917 50 for
good to choice and $14915 50. f0r lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $14916 50;
Oat. $13 50915; Island Barley. $13@14; Alfalfa,
$11912; Stock. $10911: Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $13914; Cheat,
$11911 50; Grass Hay, $10910 50; Oat, $123.13 50;
Clover, $10911; Timothy. $10 50®12 per ton.
STRAW— 65c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The firmness in Beans continues, without any
advance in prices. Seeds continue dull.
BEANS — Bayoa, $1 7501 85: Small Whites,
$2 1092 20; Largo Whites, $1 So®l 90; Pinks,
$2@2 10; Reds. {3 25®3 86; Blackeye, $3 75@3 80;
Butters, $2 2332 50;. Limas. $3 40@3 50; Pea,
$2 25®2 50; Red Kidneys, $2 40®2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50@4 75 per ctl,
yellow Mustard. $3 7594; Flax, $2 155*2 25; Ca
nary Seed 2%92%c per lb; Alfalfa; 898% c;
Rape. 2%92%c; Hemp. 2%*i~3r: Timothy, 5®3%c. j
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 65@1 70; Green. $2® I
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes continue firm and bring tcp quota- .
tlons without difficulty. Onions are still weak.
There la no particular change in Vegetables, |
except Garlic, which la higher.
Receipts were 489 boxes Asparagus, 437 boxes
Rhubarb and 138 sacks Peas.
Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 2591 30 per dozen.
POTATOES— SI@I 10 per ctl for Early Rose,
90c®$l 10 per sack for River Burbanks; Sonoma
and Marin Burbanks. 90c@$l 10 per ctl: Oregon.
Ssc®sl 25; Sweet Potatoes, 75c for River and
$1 75 for Merced; New Potatoes, 2%'3 l per lb.
ONIONS— 6O@9Oc per ctl, outside quotation
for Oregon.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 394= per ib for
No. 2 697 c for No. 1 and So for fancy;
Rhubarb, 63c® $1 25 per box; Green Peas, 3@sc;
String Beans, — — ; Cabbage. 40®50c; Tomatoes,
$I@l 50 for Los Angeles and $1 25ft 175 for
Mexican: Egg Plant, 15c per lb; Garlic, 7@9c
per lb. Dried Okra, 15c per lb; Dried Peppers,
7(<Tl2%c; Carrots. 25@35c per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The market stands about the same. There is
no scarcity of stock.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 14®16c; live
Turkeys, 12®13c for Gobblers and 12913 c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 300175; Goslings. $2 50
®3; Ducks, $4 6098; Hens. 8*96; young Roost
ers, $7®B; old Rooster*, $495: Fryers, $6® 6 50;
Broilers, $595 60 for large. $4@4 50 for small;
Pigeons, $1 6091 73 per dozen for old and $2 23®
2 60 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $2 50@3; White Geese, j
-V.-v— -.. ■ - \■ .■ ■ ;', ' :''. -
75c®$l: Brant. 81269160; Honkers, $4; Hare,
$1;- Rabbits, $150 for Cottontails and $1 for
small. ;yrf> - ; t~
. BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter and Eggs continue easy, and Dairy
Butter is especially weak. Eastern Butter can
be landed here under quotations, and this tends
to shut off the northern and southern demand.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 22'.3@23c; sec
onds, 20@22c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 19@21c; common
grades, 16@18c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 16®17c; pickled roll.
14@16c for dairy and 16®17c for creamery
squares; creamery tub. 19c. --'■=,'.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 13%@14c per
lb: Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. ll®ll%c: old. 10
@10% c; Cream Cheddar, 129U%c; Young Amer
ica. 11%@12%c; Eastern, 10®12c.
EGGS— Quoted at 14918 c per dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS .;-..,
Fine sound Navels are scarce and higher.
Grape Fruit has advanced. Otherwise there is
nothing new in the market.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 73cfj?l 25 for common, $1 50@1 73 per
box for No. ) and $2®2 25 for choice.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2@3 per
box: Seedlings, 75c®$l 50;- . Mandarins, $1 25
@1 75; Lemons, 75c®l 50 for common and $2®
260 for good to choice; Mexican Limes. :
California Limes. $I®l 25 per small, box:
Grape Fruit, $1 50$?. 1; Bananas, $1 25®2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $2®4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
During the past week the demand for Prunes
has picked up and they are now going off well
at an advance. Other fruits are very scarce
and firm. The market has not been so well
cleaned up at this time of the year for a long
time. Raisins continue dull.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6%'(i7c for 40-50'
4%ff,5c for 50-60' s, 3%94c for 60-70's, 3ii®3%c for
70-SO's. 2%@3c for 80-90' B. 29'2%c for 90-100's
and I%(&T2c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, 2%@
sc. Peaches. 7%®8%c for good to choice; 9@9%c
for fancy and for peeled; Apricots. 10%®
13% c for Royals and 14%®15c for Moorparks:
Evaporated Apples, 79Sc: sun dried. 5@5%c;
Black Figs, sacks, 2(?i2%c: Plums, nominal,
I®l%C for unpltted: Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown. 4%9»C for Seed
less Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers: Dried Grapes. 2%93c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb: Walnuts, 89
9c for hardshell. ll@l2c for softshell: Almonds.
7®Sc for hardshell, 13®14c for softshell, lo'SiU-
for paper shell: Peanuts, 6®7c for Eastern and
4%9&c for California: Cocoanute, $4 60©5.
HONEY— Comb. 10911 c for bright and 9c for
lower grades: water white extracted. 7c; light
amber extracted, 6®6%c: dark, 5®5%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24ffi26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Trade Is quiet at unchanged quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, B<®B%c per Ib for
heavy. S%<Q?c for light medium, 10%®llc for
light! 12c for extra light and 12%913c for sugar
• cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; Cali
fornia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $12912 50 per bbl:
extra Mess Beef. $13 50: Family Beef. $14 50 of
15; extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear, $17 50;
mess, $16; Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 4%95%c per lb for
compound and 797% c for pure: half-barrels, |
I pure. 7%95c: 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins. B%c.
■ COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%©6% c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 9%c;
;;-]). pails. 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in a
; cat; v,i 2 , ■• 10-lb pails, 6in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins,' 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, S%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half-
I barrels', about 110 lbs. 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
! about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
I st«ers. 10c; medium, 9c; light, B@B%c; Co-v
--! hides, B%(S9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9c: Calf.
: 10c- dry Hides, sound. 15c: Culls and Brands.
18c; dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf. 17. ;
: Sheepskins, shearlings. 10®30c each: short
Wool .?.-/« each; medium. 70990 c; long Wool,
90cU$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 7592 25 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 25950 c; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 5092 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3>493%c per lb;
: No. 2, 2%93c; refined. 4%@5c: Grease, 292% c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Southern Mountain, 12
! .months, 7®9c; Sen Joaquin and Southern. 7
' months. 899 c; Foothill and Northern free. 10®
12c; Foothill and Northern, defective. 9®llc:
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14915 c; Nevada. 10®
I 12c: Eastern Oregon, 10Cil2c.
Fall Wools- . _.
Humboldt and Mendocino 9 (ill
Northern Mountain 6%fi 9
I Southern 6 V 7 %
Plains & W' 6
HOPS— crop. 10911 c per lb for ordinary,
12912% c for good and 13®15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. 5L.@5%c for
June and July; Wool Bags, 26928 c; San Quen
tln Bags, $4 95. ;^i' ' ...
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle,
: $6- Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. !5; Wallsend, $7 50:
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. 88 50 in bulk and S3 75
- in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
i Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
In sacks. ,;•'.-.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
j pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
; and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, C%c; Candy
1 Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Con
fectioners' A. 5%c; California A, 5%c; Magnolia
A, 6%c; Ext»a C, 5%c; Golden C, 5%c; half
barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes %c
more. No order taken for leas than 75 barrels
or its equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are easy at the decline. There Is no
change in the other desariptlons.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF- -798 c per lb.
VEAL— Large, 798 c; small, 89SVlc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, S9S%c per lb; Ewes, Be.
LAMB— 9®9%c per lb for yearlings and 12%
®14c for spring.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%95%c for large. 3%®
5%c for medium and 696% c for small; stock
Hogs, 4%®5c; dressed Hogs, 7@9c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUC^E.
For Thursday. March 9.
Flour, qr fks 6,678 1 Hay. tons 276
Wheat, ctls 70 Pelts, bdls 90
Barley, ctls 800 Hides, No 342
Oats," ctls 5 Wool, bales ...... 207
Corn, ctls 335 1 Lime, bbls 182
Cheese, ctls 135 1 Chicory, bbis .... 60
Butter, ctls 256 Eggs, doz 21,600
i Tallow, ctls 208 1 Quicksilver, flks. 5
! Potatoes, sks ... 1,272 Leather, rolls .. 109
: Onions, sks 320 ; Lumber, feet 40,000
Bran, ska 750 Wine, gala 43,200
>"ddllngs, sks .. 1,005 (Sugar, sks 500
;J aw, tons • 5 ";
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 5, 1001 Wheat, ctls 210
Potatoes, sks 355 Oats, ctls 430
Bran, ska 436 .Middlings, ska .. 125
Shorts, sks 320 Hay. tons 21
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .... 5,356 1 Wheat, ctls 1,200
Oats, ctls 910 Barley, 'Us 780
Bran, aks 1.700 Middlings, sks .. 95
Shorts, sks ...■■■ L 2501 '' !; -'
THE fclOUk MARKET.
There was a good trade in local securities
and Hawaiian Commercial advanced still fur
ther to $Sl. Paauhau Plantation sold up to $40
and Contra Costa Water up to $64 25.
Mining stocks were off again under decreased
trading. When the pump stops business follows
suit.
The Alta assessment falls delinquent in office
to-day. "•
The weekly letter from the Justice mine
reads: On the 370 level in upraise No. 1 we
followed the ore south a distance of 10 feet
and have resumed work In the top, carrying
same up. The face Is in ore assaying $20 67
gold, 3 ounces silver; total, $22 47 per ton. Dur
ing the week we have hoisted 24 1400-2000 tons of
ore; car sample of same: Average gold, $9 68;
silver, 3.5 ounces; total, $11 83 per ton.
The Welsbach Commercial Company pays a
dividend of 1 per cent on preferred stock to
day.
The Yellow Jacket Mining Company has re
elected the old Board of Directors, with J. W.
Eckley president. W. H. Blauvelt vice president
and W. E. Sharon secretary.
The Wolverine copper mine of Michigan will
pay a dividend on April 1 of $1 60 per share.
The previous dividend on October 1 was $1 per
share.
The following dividends will be paid to-day:
Giant Consolidated Powder .Company, 50 cents
per share; Pacific Gas Improvement Company,
50 cents per share; Paauhau Plantation Com
pany, 30 cents per share; San Jose Water Com
pany, 50 cents per share.
The regular monthly dividend of CO cents per
share by the California Street Cable Company
was paid Wednesday.
The Oakland Gas Company will pay a divi
dend of 25 cents per share on the 15th.
Since the new mill of the Standard Consoli
dated at Bodie started, about -< a month ago,
the company has received $13,437 in gold coin
as the net proceeds of bullion shipped and sold.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, March 9—4 p. m.
' Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Equit G L Co. 9% 9%
4s quar c0up. .113 — Mutual El Co. 15% 13%
4s quar reg... — — Oakland. Gas.. — 30
4s quar new.. 128 — Pac Gas Imp.. 84% —
3a quar coup.. — 108 Pac L C 0...... 48% —
Miscellaneous— . S F G & E... 84% 83
Cal-st Cab .114 — San Fran 3% 3%
Cal Elec 65....125%127% Stockton Gas.. — 14
C C Wat ss. 108 — Insurance— *
Dup-st ex c... — — Flrem's Fund. — 225
E L &-P 65. .130%— Bank Stocks— • ..'
F& CI Ry -68.115 119 Anglo-Cal .... 66% —
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Bank of Ca1.. 255 258
HC & S 5%5. — 105 Cal SD & T.. 98 98%
LAL Co 65.. — — First Nationl. 22o 225
Do gntd 65..101%101%;L0n P & A... 133. —
I Market-st 6a..— 128% Mer Exchange — 16 '
Do Ist M 115% — Nev Nat 8k...175 —
INC NG R 73.107 — Savings Banks
! N Ry Cal 6b..113%114>4 Ger S & L... — 1675
N Ry Cal 55.. 113 113% I Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R «a. — 107 'Mutual Say.. — 41%
■-,■■■' .*■ ■-.■-..■'.■ -.-v ..,..■.■'.-■-■:.:.-■.■■.-■'........■■-,--. _--•■.- - Z- . . • -
NP C R R 102% — IS F Say U.. 497% —
N Cal R R Ss.lOO — Sft L 50.... — 102%
Oak Gas 5a. ...110 — Security S B 300 330
Om C Ry 65. .129 — i Union T Co.. 142241450
P & CI Ry 65.. 106% — | . Street Railroads—
P & O 6s 117 — California 111% —
Powell-st 65...— 121% Geary ...45 —
Sac El Ry ss. — — Market-st 64% 65
SF& N P 55. 11 l — Oak SL& H. — —
SF & S JV55.115 — Presidio 11 —
SierraßCal 65.104%103% Powder—
S P of Ar 6s..ll2%ll2%!Calirornia ....163 169
BPC 6a (1905)113% — E Dynamite... 87% —
S P C 6s (1906) — 116 Vi Giant Con Co. 60% 61%
S P C 6s (1912)122% — jVigorit 2% 3
S P C Is vg 55. 103 — Sugar—
SPBr 6a 124 125 [liana P C 0.... 16 16%
S V Water 65.11fi%116% Haw CftSC. 81 82
S V Water 4s. — 103% I Hutch S P 33 33%
B V W4si3drh).lol'-4l01%! S P. 39% 40
Stktn Gas 65.. — 105 I Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— |AI Pac Assn..Ho%Uo%
Contra Costa.. 64% 64% Ger Ld Wk5...250 -v— .^
Marin Co 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley.lo2 102% Oceanic S Co.. 75% —
Gas ft Electric— Pac A F A.... 1% 1%
Capital Gas... — — Pac C Bor C 0.105 —
Cent Gaslight. — — Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Cent L & P.. — 10 ' V, '
s ; -. Morning Session.
Board —
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 110 50
75 Contra Costa Water 63 25
50 Contra Costa Water 63 50
95 Contra Costa Water 63 37%
50 Equitable Gas 9 25
50 Giant Powder Con v 6100
350 Hana Plantation Co .' 15 75
220 liana Plantation Co 15 87%
100 Hana Plantation Co, s 90 15 75
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 80 75
470 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar SO 50
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 80 87%
5 Market Street Railway, cash .65 00
50 Oceanic S S Co 76 25
50 Oceanic S S Co .' 76 00
100 Paauhau S P Co 39 37%
535 Paauhau S P Co 39 50
50 Paauhau S P Co 39 62%
100 Faauhau S P Co 39 75
240 S F Gaslight 3 50
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 62%
Street—
CO Equitable Gas 9 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
95 Contra Costa Water 63 75
50 Contra Costa Water -4 '••■'
100 Contra Costa Water 64 25
100 Equitable Gas » 37%
45 Hana Plantation Co 15 75
50 Hana Plantation Co 15 87%
50 Hana Plantation Co 16 00
50 Hana Plantation Co 16 12%
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar SO 75
S3 Hawaiian Commercial ft Sugar 81 00
25 Market Street Railway 64 50
150 Paaifhau S I' Co 39 7.>
150 Puauhau S P Co, b 10 40 00
5 S F Gaslight & Electric Co 84 57%
175 Spring Valley Water 102 00
Street—
25 Oakland Gas 49 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session. .
Board —
100 Pacific Auxiliary 1 2.>
100 Equitable Gaslight 9 12%
50 Equitable Gaslight 9 00
100 Central Light & Power 8 00
15 s F Gaa & Electric Co 85 no
25 Hutchinson S P Co 33 37%
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Equitable Gaslight 9 25
5 S F Gaa & Electric Co 84 62%
150 Vigorit Powder • 2 75
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar, a 30. 81 00
50 Equitable Gaslight 9 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alta 141 650 Mexican 71
100 Belcher .... 20 ' 100 Occidental 24
400 Belcher 21 300 Ophlr *T..l 00
1100 Best & Belcher 50,100 Ophlr 99
200 Bullion ' 05 600 Potosi ■ 27
100 Caledonia 301 600 Savage 27
300 Challenge 24 150 Sierra Nevada.l 30
700 Con Cal ft Va.l 70. 350 Sierra Nevada.l 25
300 Gould & Curry 39 j 200 Union Con — 53
800 Hale & Norors .'.2 800 Union Con 54
500 Hale ft Norcrs 331 200 Utah 17
200 Justice 18 ! 400 Yellow Jacket. 22
600 Mexican 72| 400 Yellow Jacket. 23
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 16 100 Hale & Norors 34
100 Andes 17 1400 Mexican 70
600 Belcher IS 200 Ophlr 1 00
'.•«« Bullion 05 400 Potosi 25
2'"' Challenge 22! 600 Savage 28
400 ('hollar 36. 500 Sierra Nevada.l 30
300 Con Cal ft Va.l 75 200 Sierra Nevada.l 23
50 Con Cal ft Va.l 70 00" Standard ......2 75
100 Crown Point .. 20 600 Union Con 33
200 Gould ft Curry. 40 100 Yellow Jacket. 23
100 Gould ft Curry. 41 j 200 Yellow Jacket. 24
300 Hale ft Norcrs 33 40 Yellow Jacket. 21
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
, •; . .; ;•'.'.. Morning Session.
300 Alpha Con .... 06 1 700 Mexican 73
300 Andes 17 J 250 Mexican 72
210 Andes ..- 16 i 300 Mexican 69
1400 Belcher 21 700 Mexican 68
450 Best & Belcher 50.1200 Ophlr 100
200 Best & Belcher 49 500 Ophlr 99
SOO Best & Belcher 48! 300 Ophir 102%
500 Bullion 05 1 700 Overman 0.8
500 Chollar .... 37 i 600 Potosi 27
800 ('hollar 34 ! 600 Potosi 26
200 Chollar 35 500 Potosi 25
800 Con Cal & Va.l 70 700 Savage 27
1200 Con Cal & V.l 67% I 400 Sierra NJlada.l 30
900 Con Cal & Va.l 65; SO" Sierra Nev...l 2"%
200 Crown Point .. 21 400 Sierra Nevada.l' 2s
200 Crown Point .. 20 j 200 Sierra Nev.. .122%
400 Gould & Curry. 38! 700 Union Con 53
200 Gould ft Curry. 361 (00 Union Con 52
200 Gould ft Curry. 371 400 Union Con .... 51
500 Hale & Norcrs 32 300 Utah 18
200 Haie & Norcrs 30 j 300 Yellow Jacket. 24
300 Justice 18 400 Yellow . Jacket. 22
200 Justice 171
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes 17 500 Julia 02
200 Belcher 19 300 Mexican 69
500 Belcher ..' 21 300 Mexican 70
550 Best & Belcher 50 400 Mexican 71
300 Best & Belcher 54 200»Mexican 72
700 Beat ft Belcher 55 700 Mexican 75
300 Best ft Belcher .'3 300 Mexican 74
200 , 'hollar 351 500 Ophlr 100
1200 Chollar 39 1 200 Ophir 102%
500 Con Cal & V.l 67% 400 Ophir 105
900 Con Cal ft Va.l 70 300 Ophlr 110
20" Con Cal & V.l 72% 600 Ophir 112%
100 Con Cai A Va.l 75 500 Savage 30
TOO Con Cal ft Va.l SO 200 Sierra Nevada.l 23
i 600 Crown Point .. 20 400 Sierra Nevada.l 30
600 Crown Point .. 22 200 Sierra Nev. ..132%
200 Gould & Curry 40 1 600 Sierra Nev...l 37%
600 Gould ft Curry 41 ! 400 Sierra Nevada. 1 40
200 Hale ft Norcra 31! "00 Sierra Nevada 33
500 Hale & Norcra 33 200 Union Con .55
500 Hale A Norcra 31 400 Yellow Jacket. 21
500 Julia 03: 200 Yellow Jacket. 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, March 9—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con .... 06 07 Julia 03 04
Alta 14 Injustice 17 20
Andes .'. IS 19 Kentuck — 10
Belcher IS 20 Lady Wash — 04
Benton Con OS — Mexican 72 73
Best & Belcher. 52 53 Occidental .... 23 —
Bullion — 06 Ophir 105 1 10
Caledonia — 30 Overman 07 OS
(•hollar 37 88 Potoal 27 28
Challenge Con. 25 26 Savage 29 30
Confidence 60 70 j Scorpion — 06
Con Cal & Va..l SO 1 85;Seg Belcher.... 03 04
Con Imperial... 01 »2 Sierra Nevada.l 30 135
Crwon Point... 20 22 j Silver Hill .... — 05
Con New York — 04 Syndicate — OS
Eureka Con 40 —Standard .. 275 3 ill
Exchequer — 03 Union Con — 55 57
Gould & Curry. 4" 41 1 Utah 19 20
Hale & Norcrs. 34 36 Yellow Jacket. 25 26
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary M. B. Martin to Zala E. Fitch, lot on
W line of Tenth avenue, 150 N of M street,' N
25 by W 120; $10. M' / :
Emll J. and Hedwlg J. Frisk to George D.
Shadbourne, lot on S line of Richland avenue,
800 E of South avenue, E 26:9 by S 100. lot 29,
block 8. Holly Park; $10.
James and Delia Kavanaugh to T. and Jennie
Sullivan, lot on S line of Crescent avenue, 46:8
E of Roscoe street, E 23:4 by S 75, lota 27. 29
and 31. Holliday Map A; $10.
Estate of J. Kolb (by A. C. Freese, adminis
trator) to Donzel Stoney, lot on SW line of
Fifteenth avenue, 75 SE of L street, SE 37:6
by SW 100, block 309. South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association; $300.
lionzel Stoney to California Fireworks Com
pany (a corporation), to same; $10.
Eliza Cosgrove to Thomas . and Bella Mc-
Grath, lot on W line of Prospect avenue. 105 N
of Virginia avenue, N 25 by W 75, lot 220, Gift
Map 3; $10. •--.'
C. E. and Janet Knickerbocker to Harlle E.
Irish, lot on N line of Page street, 75:2% E of
Fillmore, E 24:9% by N 100; $10.
Julius and Fanny Newman to Lucien J. Ger
hardt, lot on S line of Fulton street, 110 W of
Scott. W 27:6 by S 137:6: $10.
A. C. Freeae (administrator of estate of John
S. Little) and B. Goldberg (by Eugene D.
Sullivan, commissioner) to First National Bank
of Coblesklll. N. V.. lot on N line of Sutter
street, 137:6 W of Scott, W 30:6 2-3 by N 164:1;
13480. *
E. B. Burr to Carrie L. Burr (wife), lot on
E line of Baker street, 50 S of Oak, S 25 by E
96-11%; gift. *
Elizabeth Cullen to James F. and Henrietta
G. Mackey, lot on N line of Clinton Park
(Qulnn), 215 E of Guerrero street, E 25 by N
75: $1600.
Martha M. Trask to Mary omlth, lot on S
line of Twentieth street. 59:6 W of San Carlos
avenue. W 22 by S 85; $10.
Catherine E. and George S. Cheesman to
American Surety Company of New York, lot
on SE line of Market street, 120 SW of Four
teenth. SW 31:3%. S 61:8*4. E 94. NW 108; also
lot on SE line of • Market street. 105 SW of
Church, SW 50 by SE 100; $10.
Patrick Lynn to Henry F. Lynn, lot on S
line of Duncan street, 225 E of Dolores, S 114
by E 25: gift.
Jacob J. Raver- to Hlbernia Savings and Loon
Society, lot on SE line of Hunt street. 200 NE
of Third, NE 48 by SE 55. quitclaim deed: $10.
Timothy J. McAullffe to George P. McAuliffe.
lot on NW corner of Freelon and Zoe streets,
NW 20 by SW 60; also lot on NW line of Free
lon street. 60 SW of Zoe, SW 20 by NW 40;
$3000. " -"-"■
Catherine and Mary E. Ryan to James A.
Ryan, lot on SW line of Laskle street. 143 NW
of* Mlsalon. NW 33 by SW 92; $10. ■ . "*
Estate of John O'Donnell (by Mary E. Ryan,
administratrix) to same, same; $3500.
A. C. and Bessie Hammond to Olive Ver
kouteren, lot on W line of Rhode Island street.
136:3 N of Napa (Twentlet:). N o by w
German J. Koch to Robert Damenberg lot
on E line of Carolina street, 3. a N of iolo, W
25 by E 100: $475. to Andre wL. Edwards, lot
Maud G. Winter to Andrew L Edwards lot
on E line of Tenth avenue, M S of M street,
S Stephen 120; $10. to Andrew and Sophie K.
Stephen G. Smith to Andrew- and Sophie K.
Anderson, lot 180. gift map 2; $10
Samuel Davis to Olive erkouteren. lot 399
gift map 3. and being lot 14. block 37, as per
Mission-street widening; $20.
Sophie Jehl to Philomene Muller, lot 96, Ben
Franklin Homestead Association; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Caroline Lingg,
lot on NW line of Athens street. 75 NEof Per
sia. NE 23 by NW 100, block 64, Excelsior
Homestead: $10.' _»._,,. „ a
. Jane Guthrie to Charles T. Martin lot on S |
line of Farallopes street. 350 E of Plymouth, j
E 25 by S 125. lot 17, block X, Railroad Home- i
stead No. 2; $10. • • •/•,-,
J. A Mackenzie to Cora H. Mackenzie (wife),
lot on NE corner of Bemls and Beacon streets.
E 75 N 167:11 NE 23:10, SW 173. SE 125:6, lots
46 to 48. Falrmount Land Association: also
property outside ot county; gift. ,;»-'•.
Olive Verkouteren to Ella O'Day (wife of
Joseph), lot on SE corner of Merrill and Hale
streets, E 25 by S 75. lot 25, block 11, People s
Homestead Association; $10.
Lewis F. and Annie Williams. Margaret j
Detels (by H. M. Covert, commissioner) to Citi- I
I zens' Building and Loan Association, lot on L ,
I line of Moultrie street. 550 S of Crescent aye- I
nue. S 30 by E 70. lots 243 and 245, Holiday map i
A; $896. ' . :-'0 '• r -:v.V
■■;':: Alameda County.
Hugo and Sophia Stoltzenberg to Louis H. i
Warnecke, lot on N line of Thirty-fifth street.
401 W of Telegraph avenue, W 39 by N 120. be
ing portion Brown Tract, Oakland; $10.
Patrick and Mary E. O' Bryan to Theresa '
: Macedo. lot on N line of West Fifteenth street. j
137:3 W of Klrkham. W 25 by N 104. being lot j
M block 583, Scotchier Tract Map 1, Oakland; ,
i $10.* • „
! J F. H. and Ella M. Helm to Angus Ross, i
lot on SW corner of Apgar and Grove streets. |
W 123 by S 95. being lots 9 and 10, block C,
Apgar Tract, Oakland: $10. '■-.:■ ".' -■•'. '■""'•
Jose F. Bernardo to Mary Fernandez, lot on
W line of Willow street, 50:7% N of Pacific, N i
25 by W 75, being lot 24, block 463, Gibbons
Property .at Oakland Point. Oakland; 8800.
A W. and Alice M. and H. C. Best. to George
T Hawlev, lots 14 and 16. block A. and lot 9,
block B, Sunny \Slope Tract. Oakland: $10. ,
Edson F. and John C. Adams and Julia P. |
A. Prather to Alexander Young. lot on S line I
of Adams street. 153.33 E of Lee, E SO by S i
125. being lots 11 and 12. block 5, subdivision
1, Adams Point property, Oakland: $2000.
Etta M. Simpson to Augusta Fawcett, lot 48,
Rock Island Tract, Oakland, quitclaim deed; j
$750
Daniel W. Pratt to Martella A.- Pratt, lots 11
and 12. block B, Teachers' Tract, Berkeley;
gift- '
Ida B. and George W. Dennis Jr. to Elenore .
H L. Rank, lot on E line of Broadway, 100 N
of Clement avenue, N 50 by E 140.16, being lot I
4 block C, Hays & Caperton Tract, Alameda; !
$10. _ i
Builders' Contracts.
M H. de Young (owner) with L. and E. i
Emanuel (contractors), architects Newsom &
Meyer. Interior finishing, including bookcases,
mantels, wainscoting, painting, polishing and
' plastering in residence on S line of California
street, between Gough and Octavia, No. 1919 I
California street: $2550. ".. ''-:'.;■'.■ :
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic j
Office, located at the Merchants' Exchange, is j
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of i
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense. ; - -
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the |
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand I
for comparison and reference, and the latest i
information can always be obtained regarding j
> lights, dangers to navigation and all matters ,
! of Interest to ocean commerce.
1 The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry I
! building, at the foot of Market street. is hoisted j
about ten minute* before noon and dropped at '
! noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re- ,
, ceived each day from the United States Naval
! Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published |
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES, J
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
March 9, 1899. - .'
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock d. m. Greenwich mean time.
W.. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The' high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. MARCH 10.
Sun rises '5:27
Sun sets ' : 13
Moon rises 5:20 a. m.
a ITime |Tlme Time Time
b Ft. Ft. -. Ft. Ft.
- |L W H YV| _ W H W
10~~ .. 3:51 1.51 10:06 6.0 4:26 0.0 11:05 6.6
11 '.. 4:41 1.0 11:00 5.8 5:07 0.3 11:40 5.7
1' .. 5:30 0.6 11:52 5.6 5:46 0.8
H YV L . YY' H YV L W
13 .. 0:13 5.8 6:16' 0.4 12:45 5.3 6:24 1.3
14 '.. 0:4<» 5.8: 7:06 0.2 1:40 4.9 7:03 1.8
15*.. 1:26 5.8 8:011 0.3 2:40 4.41*7:44 2.3
16 ... 2:08' 5.6 9:01 0.4 3:51 4.1 8:30 2.8
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column, and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Coquiile ver. . Tillamook Bay Mar. 10
E. Thompson. ..iSeattle Mar. 10
Luella Crescent City |Mar. 10
Willamette Seattle Mar. 10
Coos Bay Newport Mar. 11
Columbia I Portland Mar. 11
Mlneola ITaeoma Mar. 11
Alliance [Oregon Ports Mar. 11
Washtenaw ITaeoma Mar. 12
Aloha iPolnt Arena IMar. 12
Chllkat Humboldt Mar. 12
Crescent City.. (Crescent City I Mar. 13
Samoa ["Humboldt IMar. 13
Pomona 'Humboldt Mar. 13
Umatilla Victoria & Puget SoundlMar. 13
Corona San Diego Mar. 13
Czarina ' Seat tie I Mar. 13
Del Norte 'Grays Harbor IMar. 13
Areata ICoos Bay (Mar. 14
C Nelson |Puget Sound Mar. 14
Orizaba Newport (Mar. 1."
Empire ICoos Bay (Mar. 15
State of Cal 'Portland |Mar. 16
Acapulco Panama IMar. 16
Point Arena 'Point Arena Mar. 16
YY'eeott ICoos Bay : Mar. 17
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 17
China (China and Japan Mar. 17
Santa Rosa [San Diego Mar. 17
E,
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. j Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Curacoa. ... Mexico Mar. 10. 10 amtPier 11
Pomona ... Humboldt. ....lMar. 10. 2 pmlPier 9
Weeott .... Yaquina Bay, lMar. 10, 5 pmjPier 13
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar. 11. 11 amlPler 11
Pt. Arena. .lPolnt Arena.. Mar. 11, 3 pm|Pier 2
Newport ..(Alaska [Mar. 11. 12 mlCenter
Walla Wall I Vie & Pgt IMar. 12, 10 am Pier 9
Coos Bay... (Newport IMar. 13. 9 amlPler 11
Chllkat ....Humboldt Mar. 13. 9 amPler 13
Columbia ..(Portland (Mar. 14. 10 am Pier 24
Corona ISan Diego IMar. 15. 11 amlPier 11
Aloha .'.Point 'Arena.. |Mar. 1". 3 pm I Pier 2
Areata ICooa Bay Mar. IS. 10 amPler 13
Orizaba .... (Newport IMar. 17. 9 am|Pier 11
Hongk'g M. (China & JapnlMar. 17, Ipm PMSS
Umatilla .. Vie A Put Sd.lMar. 17. 10 amPler 9
State of Cal | Portland Mar. 19, 10 am | Pier 24
Steamer.
Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, March 9.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 61 *£ hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Moss
Landing. « i.--- ,
Stmr Greenwood, Fegerlund. 18 houra from
Cleone.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 17 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Hueneme, Johnson, 45 hours from New
port <'S).
Stmr Westport, Peterson, 44 hours from Re
dondo.
Haw ship Fort George, Morse. 19 days from
Honolulu.
Hark Amy Turner, Warland, 18 days from
Hilo. >
Haw bark Mauna Ala, Smith. 22 days from
Honolulu.
Bark Martha Davla, Frila, 24 days from Hono
lulu.
Bktn S G Wilder, McNeil. 17 days from Hono
lulu.
Brig W G Irwin. Williams. 15 days • from
Honolulu.
Schr Nettle Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Newark. Beck, 14 hours from Bowens
ens Landing.
Schr Jessie Minor, Whitney, 21 dava from
Honolulu.
Schr Defender, Hellingsen, 18 days from Ka
hulul.
Schr Winchester. Hfihs. 12 days from^ Senak.
Schr Maxim. O.sen. 3 days from < aay r bouts
Schr Barbara Hernster, Hansen, <o uu
from Coquille Rier.
CLEARED.
Thursday. March 9.
Br atmr Gaelic. Fineh .Hongkong and Toko
!&gs£S£gffi& °M?lnty S re S . C Nanaimo; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, March ».
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson. Eureka.
Stmr Areata. Reed. £°° s Ba>.
Stmr Orizaba, Hall San F^o. Astorla _
Stmr State of California, Gopdall. Astorta.
Stmr Leelanaw. Storrs. Seattle.
in r tm J r m J fn och0 eh. C Yo°kofa a ma and Hong
k< Pai V bark° n s°te U fano Ra^eto. Schiappacasso,
Sydney. « __♦ *>_,.
Schr La Ch'lena. Matsen. Fort Ross. rnor
Schr Jennie Stella. Kreba. Gra>s Harbor
. Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman. Ivc.sem- Landing.
Schr Laura Pike, Anderson, Coos Bay.
Schr J Epplnger. Colstrup. Point Arena.
CHARTERS.
The Geo Skolfleld loads sugar at Hilo ror
New York," $5 50. . * c -„_v» for
The Olivebank loads lumber on „the Sound for
Delagoa Bay: Port Stanley, lumber on the
Sound for Port Pirie.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 9. 10 P m-Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 30 miles.
SPOKEN.
Feb 24. lat 22 20 N. long 59 11 W-Ship Servla,
hence Nov 23. for New York.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
WHATCOM— SaiIed March 4 S— Scar Father
Buhne. for San Francisco. atmr . ..„.
VENTURA— Arrived March 9— Stmr George
Loomts, hence March March 8-Schr Coquille.
BANDON— Arrived March 8-Schr Coquille,
he TTcOMA-Xrrived March S-Stmr Czarina,
from Seattle: stmr Washtenaw, hence Marcn
4; Br stmr Manuense. from Alaska.
PORT TOWN SEND- March B— »ara
Topgallant, hence Feb 24. tor Port^l^ g, e _.
SAN PEDRO-Aj-rived March 9-Schr
dale, from Tacoma; schr Ethel Zane. from Port
G s?\TTLE-Salled March 9— Stmr Humboldt.
for D>ea bark B P Cheney, for San Francisco.
Arrival March , 9-Stmr Charles Nelson, hence
M NEAH BAY-Sailed March 9-Bark Heaper.
"passed 0 a March 9— Stmr Queen, hence March
7. for Victoria. March 9-Br ship Glen
flnart* hence Feb March 9-Br ship hence
flnart. _ hence Feb 24; stmr Fulton, hence
M Sailed' March 9— Stmr Columbia, for San
Francisco: Br bark Eagle Crag, for Queens
town- bktn Gleaner, for Coquimbo; Br ship
Galbralth, for Queenstown. «_«*_- ai
FORT BRAGG— Sailed March 9— Stmr Al
bion, for San Francisco. c *™- rtr,m«
EUREKA— Arrived March 8-Stmr Bruns
wick, hence March 7. March 9-Stmr Samoa.
hence March 8. 9-Stmr Luella. for San Fran-
Sailed March 9-Stmr Luella. for San Fran
° PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived March 9— Bark
Topgallant, hence Feb 24. Qf __ f..nr«
VENTURA— SaiIed March 9-Stmr George
Loomls, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— SaiIed March Bark Rufus B
Wood, for San Francisco. ,«..*„■»-
LONDON— Arrived March B— Br ship Water
loo, hence Oct 21. ' „; _,■ •'«_*
PANAMA— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr City of Pyd
nev. hence Jan 29.
COLON— Sailed March 4— Ger ship Flottbek,
for San Francisco. ._ - __ -.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed March B— Br ship
Tola for Hull; Br bark Invercauld. for Dub
lin; Br bark Large Bay. for Dublin.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed March 9— Stmr Dres
den, for Bremen. .*' •'■ :""
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed March 9— Stmr Teu
tonic, from Liverpool, for New York; stmr
Wae=land, from Liverpool, for Philadelphia.
Arrived March 9— Stmr Britannic, from New
CONSTANTINOPLE— Arrived March B— Stmr
Auguste Victoria, from New York. ..-'-■'■ '•
GLASGOW— Arrived March 9— Stmr Furnes
sia from New York. • '; .. ■
NEW YORK— Sailed March 9-^Ptmr Olden
burg, for Bremen.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed March 9— Stmr Spaarn
dam. for N«=w York.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
kh^ Steamers leave Broadway
|Wj>f wharf, San Francisco:
H K*?v"^V or Alaskan ports. If) a. m.,
\B? BafirWEL change at Seattle.
4 Ba*h"3H 52, a For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
i Hffl*§BLJ<ggsttl **•'• Port Townsend, Seattle.
1 f f ****i^^;SMj Tacoma. Everett. Anacortea
~****S«lag| and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m.. Mar. 12, 17, 22.
27: Apr. 1, and every fifth day thereafter:
| change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. at Tacoma to N.
P. Rv. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Mar.
10, 15, 20, 25, 30;- Apr. 4, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz," Monterey, San Simeon.
Cavucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Mar. 9. 13, 17. 21. 25, 29; Apr.
2, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Mar. 11. 15, 19. 23, 27. 31; Apr. 4, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. Mar. 10;
April 6. •-,- '
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OKKICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Snear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE SI 2 First Class Including Bertha
InnC $8 Second Class and Meals. -
Columbia sails Feb. 12, 22; March 4. 14.
State of California sails Feb. 7. 17. XI,
March 9. „
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO..
Superintendent.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS j,^^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <yCT?s
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North i*iil7l'ilt
River, foot of Morton street.
LA BRETAGNE March 18
LA TOIJRAINE March 25
LA NORMANDIE April 1
LA CHAMPAGNE April 8
LA BRETAGNE April 15
First class to Havre. $65 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
' GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 9 Bowling Green. New York.
J. .F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents,
5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YOBK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul February 22 (St. Paul March IS
St. Loula March 1 l St. Loula March a
RED STAR LINE.
Mew York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 11 noon.
Kensington ..Feb'y H;Southwark March t
Noordland Feb'y 32; Westernland.. March It
Friesland March 11 Kensington March 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas*
sage apply to , -
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
90 Montgomery St.. « ny of Its agencies
TOYO KISEN
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p.m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers tor
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG MARU Friday. March It
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 11
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May I
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
411 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
PjmtmmMm4t S- s - ALAMEDA
IffsSferSsH yaiis via Honolulu and
fHHUI Auckland for Sydney
*™ Wednesday, March 22,
,y\^\ at 10 p. m.
«TmCri|nc) Tne s - S. Australia
MiCdllljillU 67 sails for Honolulu
(ompufuh at^Tm^ April 6 -
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India. Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St
BAY AND RIVER STuiA2r""ERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello.'*
Mon. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m 8:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Friday*
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a, m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office. Misslon-st. Dock. Pier No.
t. Telephone. Main 1508.
FARE M*CRACKER TRUST IS
ALMOST A REALITY
All Pacific Coast Plants Will Be Absorbed by
a Big Eastern Syndicate With Large
Capitalization.'
Competition in the Industry West of the Rockies a Thing
. of the Past — Individual Factories to Lose
Their Identity.
Slowly but surely is the commercial •
Sphere being lined by iron-clad trusts. ;
The latest to enter the field is the great '
cracker syndicate which, despite the de- i
nials of the proprietors and the managers ■
of Pacific Coast cracker companies, is
now being organized and will be con
summated within the next few days. It
will be a Pacific Coast syndicate, with
the capital furnished by New "fork finan
ciers, and its aim is to end or all time
competition in cracker manufacturing on
this coast. ,
The formation of the cracker trust has j
been in process for several months, but
not until a few days ago had . affairs
reached such a state as to assure its con
summation. Within a week the cracker
plants in San Francisco and in all other
large cities of the coast .-.ill pass out of
the hands of their present owners and
become the property of the syndicate
which will be known as the Pacific Coast
Cracker Company. From Pufi Sound
to the Gulf of California the cracker in
dustry will then be in the hands of the
syndicate.
How well the plans for the formation
of this trust have been and are being
guarded is evinced by the denials of all
coast cracker company managers. Man
ager Dunn of the America Biscuit Com
pany, the largest cracker manufactory
on the Pacific Coast, .asserts in positive
terms that no such thin as a Pacific
Coast cracker trust exists or is in pro
cess of formation. "Surely if such a com
bination was a fact I would know of it."
he said. Wheu asked whether there was
any strong likelihood of an immediate
consolidation under tie control of a large
Eastern syndicate, Mr. Dunn became non
committal, saying evasively that the ten
dency of the times as toward trusts.
That was all he would admit.
The proprietors of the Standard Cracker
Company exhibited the sane disinclina
tion to say anything, and although they
must know that everything is in readi
ness for the finishing touches on this
.great corporate structure, they stanchly
deny any such knowledge.
R. C. Pell, the manager of the Portland
Cracker Company in this city, also pre
tends utter ignorance of any trust
scheme.
The capital of the syndicate will be be
tween $3,000,000 and $10,000,000. The plants
which the syndicate will absorb will be |
bought outright and the purchase price
paid In a lump sum. The factories in'
this city that will lose their identity as ;
independent corporations are the Ameri
can Biscuit Company, the Standard
Cracker Company, the Eclipse Cracker
Company, the Portland Cracker Com
pany, The Eagle Cracker Company and a
few plants of lesser Importance. With i
these will be joined the leading manufac- ;
tories In Spokane, Portland. Seattle, Los
Angeles. Sacramento and Siockton.
With so many plants under its control
the syndicate will be in a position to reg
ulate output and prices. As soon as trie
organization is perfected a selection will i
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK. Thursday, March 9, Fifty-third
day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track good.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
*7Ck*>y FIRST RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Index Horse. Ape. Weight. • St.
l" " " "" I '":-,-- 1 Betting.
Index -one. Age. Weight. St. Vim. Vim. Hm. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. CI.
~ ««9 Torlhlo 4 107;" 42 4h 4h lh In !J. Relff ilO 10
e*S Caspar. 5 11412 1! _ ■ 11 12 2 2 21 (Romero ! 20 15
618 Frank Jaubert. 6. .111, 4 75 61 8% 4h .Th Kills ! 3 ft-2
7. .Stan Powers. 4 107 S 5 H 5h 6 2 5 3 4Vi Ma. -kiln 10 30
7*6 Truxillo 5 114 7 6 2 7 6 " '-' '* 15 4 IBullman ! 2 11-5
700 Bonito-' *4 1051 3 3'i 3 1 ' 3 '2 V - !■- 6 V IMcNiehols ...' 5 S
750 Widow - Jones, 5 109) 1 2 l - 2 V 7 3 7 3 7 4 Jones I 6 8
776 Personne, 5 ■■■.:■■ .111! 6 ' 8 S __8 ~ : 8 ______ [ 2 5-2
Time— Vi. :26; H. -i 1 1.,: *■*. l:17'i; mile. l:44'i. Winner, W. li. Stanfleld's eh. g. by
Apache-Marin, 'flood start. Won first three driving.
Toriblo was g'vihg away nt the finish. It was a bad race. Caspar received weak hand-
ling. Truxillo had a very stormy trip. Could hive won under more favorable conditions.
Personne was sore. - ■ -
. 4 rn.
Vim.
'- t m.
Str.
Fin.
mqq SECOND RACE— One mile; selling: three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
. . _ - j | Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight (St. "-in:. %m. "im. Btr. Fin. \ Jockeys. Op. CI.
' 7P.R Roadrunner, a ....112! 8 5 V* V 2 4 2 _ ... 12 jßullman 16-5 1
788 Gle-gaher. 3 34110 7 1 "1 *8 ... »2 1% Devin I 8 7
745 McFarlane, a 109 I 2 1 4 2 3Vi ... 33 Basslnger .... fi 7
786 Malnbar. 4 105 3 12 11 11 ... 410 .Kills 15 '2"
7-7 Henry C. 4 108 4 6 3 "1 6 2 ... 6 _ .Butter * 7
S. Wrinkles 3 89 1 5 4h Sh 5 1 ... 6Vi iHal 8r0wn...! 50 75
--- Two rheVrs a 10912 3 h 7 " 7 3 ... 7 3 IMcNiehols ... 6 8
631 Pallucus. 3 36! " ? 1 10 2 ''2 . ... 8 2 Uoe Weber.... 20 40
631 The Plunger. 5. 7-109 12 12 S6 -2 ... 9 4 J. 8r0wn...:. 100 200
697 Tortonl. a . Io9| 9 111 116 11 ••■ l" 1 5 IGray i 15 20
788 Los Troneos 5 109 - 8 2 9Vi 10 1 ... 11 Holmes ! 100 300
775 Cyrus Hock. 5 11l 11 II "*-* 12 12 12 jSnlder ••____L___ 1
Str.
Fin.
•Disqualin>d for fouling nod placed last. - "V
.Time V*. :2-">"i; 'i, :sfi*i: -, 1: 17V4 : mile, 1:44^. Winner, . 3 <". Mefford's eh. h. (by Joe
Daniels-Mi« Honk-. Oood start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Roadrunner was the best. Glengaher showed marked Improvement. Henry C was very
sore In the should Others of little use.
Scratched — Bobbin* 10fs, Kdgemount 103. Sennra Caesar 89, homo 109.
**T(\A THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling; four-year-olds
€ «7*- <♦ purse. $400. '
and upward;
- ~~~~ I " I I netting;.
Index. Horse. Age. Wei* [St: Std. • Urn. Vim. "Am. Btr. Fin. I Jockeys. jOp. Cl.
~770 Sardonic. 1~7- 108! 2 4 3.4 24 1 1 12 |H. Martin....! 1 6-5
§698 rm Olwn a 112:3 B*4 * •" 11 214 23 tollman 13-2 3-2
779 Lady Hurst; C 110 1 11 1 _ -! 31 3 4 3 5 Thorpe | . 9-2
779 Maj or Hooker. 4....1031 4 2*_ 2J_ 3_ <i 4 _____________ lp *-' '■ 50 iqt)
T-ns>— *i -, S- _ :">4: '». 1:07; "4. 1:33; Tnii<*. 1 : 1"» m, 1:59. Winner. E. rrlgan'a
b m 'by Morello-imp Sardonyx. Oood start. Won easing up. Second and third driving.-
The race was a gift for Sardonic. Olenn was stiff ami sore and Lad) Hurst was af-
fected with rheumatics.
Scratched -Sr. Jacob 110. Xllhau 110. . __j
**¥*-*.**! FOT'ItTI! RACE— One mile: selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $490.
. , I I ;-. ■ I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Urn. "im. ?im. Str. Fin. ! Jockeys. Op, Cl.
~~780 PotentT 4 Mil 3 \1 11 12 13 14 .'Bullman I 2 5-2
. 763 Bonnie lone. 4 101 1 2 31 21 31 Zl__V-2 2; Powe'l I It - 6
T7l Meadow I.arV. a.-.10.*i 1 to 3 V 42 3h 8 4 'Ellis ' 5 9-2
706 Judge Wofford. 3...«7!S 5. » 2 ,4546 !.T. Relff I 2 13-:.
M 0 Hemer-.?. 3. ........... 95| 4 JM.J 4 3 5 __5 5 . Devin ! 4_lS-5
Time—U :26: V 4. :51: a i. 1:17; mile. 1:41*1. Winner. W. Fisher's b. g. by Raclne-Pow
Pn-r : Good start. Won easing up. Second anil third driving.
Potente gallop*.,-] horn*--. Judge Wofford poorly rid.!*-:.. Hemera had early speed.
mqO FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth miles: selling: three-year-olds ' and upward:'
C t/Oi purse. $500. '
-m-
%m.
j j ! -tins.
Index. Horse. 'Aire. Weight. jSt,V_td. 'im. m. fcm. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. jOp. CI.
778 Ad SoreckTls, 5.. ..lOiV 3 2 I*4 2 3 2 3 I'M 11 I*i !"• Martin I 3-5 3-5
(775) Me'rops. 3 8611 In 1% 1h 2 4 24, 2 '4 J. Kelt? .'..(8-5 3-2
772 First T«nor. 3. ...... 109! 2 8 3 __________ Thorpe j 6 10
Tlme--T-~:i.'fl: Vi. -Ti "i. i'ttSsV: mile. 1:42: IV4 miles. 1:53. Winner, E. (V.rrlKan's br. jr.
by 1/o inafellow-Jennle Treacy. Good start. Won all three driving.
\ The winner was s.ut for a whole lot of beating. First Tenor came very fast at the end.
Scratched— Hey del Tlerra 10.". ■
m TC%'T SIXTH -AC Six furlongs; felling* three-year-olds and upward; purse, $100.
__ ~~ " ' r*B*ittJ-a,
Index. Horse. Aire. "Weight. St. '.m. _m. ?im. Str. . Fin. ( Jockeys. lOp. CI.
7-1 Tammany Hall, 4. .103' 3 ... 1 h 1 Itf *I _ ' - !H. Martin I 4 3
878 Orion, ■' 110! 1 ... 22 2* 2*6 212 Thorpe | 4.. M
«_<. Heigh Ho. 4 ..10212 ... ** h 3 4 3 5 3 2 |J. Relff i 20 ,- 30
6<"S ...dv Britannic. G..103 ..... 42 4 4 4 Holme* I 100 MO
760 pat Murphy, a .. . 107 ** ... * * IHyland I 100 200
773 Wyoming, 6 I 07 1 4 ... t ... ... ... i Hull man I « 9
f74fl> San Maim, : 113' i ■•■ ••• ■■• Rut tar ■ 3-5 ~ *'*
•Pulled up. tFell. !_e*i
Time— "4, :24-*-. '-... 4- ; - : V 1:18. "Winner. TV" D. Randall sb.h. by Tammany-La Trappe.
Bad start. Won "easily. Second and third driving.
The assistant starter held ""an Mateo. Wyoming- fell soon after start. It was then easy
tor the winner. Pat Murphy bled.
•cratched— Jerry Hunt 33.
he made as to which of the plants will
be rated and which to close. The re
sult will be naturally to throw many men
out of employment.
The American Biscuit Company is the
property of some of the wealthiest man- ;
ufacturers on the coast. The other com- |
panics doing business In this city are also
in the hands of wealthy men. All have
been doing a profitable business. The.
general deduction is that these people
are interested in the new syndicate,
though it is certain that the great bulk
of the capital comes from the East.
When the details of organization are
made public it will be seen that* nearly
every manufactory worthy to be called
such has been drawn into the syndicate.
The new syndicate Is the outgrowth of
the war Chat for many years has been
waged anions the cracker manufacturers
of this coast, the result of which has
been poorer product? at a constantly fall
ing cost price. Now the colossal power
of the trust steps in, and with its usua;
promises to Improve the quality of the
crackers without increasing the price.
That competition in the cracker indus
try on the Pacific Coast has been given
Its death blow appears certain. Not only i
will the new trust be left alone to rid*
triumphant with its tabulated !ii?t of
prices from San Diego to Seattle, but
there Is no redress for the cracker-eating
community oil this coast if the syndicate
wishes to advance existing rates.
Some of the people who have agreed to
sell out to the syndicate claim that prices
will be lower. They base their reason
ing on the broad principle that it Is less
expensive to run a groat number of plants
when directed by a single hand than to
have each of these plants in pa rate ope- ;
ration under a distinct management.
NEW ELECTRIC ROAD PROJECT.
Meeting of Interested Property
Owners Called by the Mer
chants' Association.
At the regular meeting of the directors
of the Merchants' Association yesterday
the following were elected as members:
Chase & Mendenhall, F. I". G. Harper &
Co., L. Lautermilch Shirt Manufacturing
Company. Lane & Calmann. Millbrae
Company, P. G. Murphy, First National
Bank, G. A. Perscheid, Charles W. Pike
& Co., Williams, Marvin & Co.
lii order to ascertain the wishes of
property owner.-: and tenants along the
route of the proposed new electric railway
connecting Sixth street with Montgomery
and Sansome, it was decided to hold a
meeting this evening at Academy of Sci
ences Hall, Sl9 Market street, Invitations
have been sent to all the merchants and
property owners along the proposed line
of the new railway.
It was decided to hold th* 1 next quar
terly meeting of the association on Thurs
day evening, the 30th inst., at Academy of
Science Hall. Subjects of importance will
be considered at this meeting, and all
members of the association as well as. the
public at large are cordially invited to at
tend.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 10, 1899.
BULLMAN IS
LAID UP FOR
REPAIRS AGAIN
Wyoming Fell With
the Jockey.
SHOULDER SEVERELY INJURED
SAN MATEO CLAIMED FROM A
SELLING RACE.
Corrigan's Sardonic Won a Bunko
Race — Suckers Are Cherry-Ripe
at Ingleside Some More
Favorites in Front.
The last number on the bill of fare at
Corrigan's track yesterday was replete
with incidents and accidents. "It 'was a
six-furlong sprint, and began with San
Mateo, the favorite, being left at the
post, the assistant starter failing to let
go of the horse's bridle. The field had
not traveled far when Wyoming, ridden
by Bullman, went down in a heap. As
the stretch was reached, Pat Murphy was
pulled up, bleeding like a stuck hog.
Without further incident, Tammany Hall
II then beat Orion out two lengths for
the purse. As a climax to the whole
thing, G. "W. Scott, owner of Lady Bri
tannic, a starter in the race, placed a
claim with the secretary for San Mated
and took the sprinter. The horse raced
in the colors of Miller & Blazer, but was
owned by Walter Hobart. Adding first
money of the purse s 325 — to his entered
selling price— ssoo— Mr. Scot! secured a
very cheap piece of racing material.
Jockey Bullman was picked up and car
ried to the paddock, where it afterward
transpired the lucky rider received no
more serious injury than a broken small
bone In the shoulder.
Favorites displayed rare form by cap
turing four purses. The fields, as usual,
were small in the majority of Instances.
The third event, a mile and a lurking
selling run, was a gold brick deal, pure
and simple, and a lilting illustration of
what people are asked to play against at
the track. The race was "an extra," the
entries closing at 4 p. m. the day previous.
The Corrigan mare Sardonic, for some
reason not at the time known by all, v.. is
installed a stout favorite in the betting.
It was soon made clear. Red Glenn came
out with one leg in the stable and the
other three very shaky. Lady Hurst fol
lowed, the tears pouring from her eyes,
and propping her front underpinning, a
sufferer from rheumatism. Next came
the "crabby" Major Hooker, sporting the
colors of Corrigan's nephew, J. Carrol!,
ft proved a grand equine contest. Red
Glenn hobbled into the stretch first.
where Martin gave Sardonic her head and
she rolled in. Still San Francisco fur
nished the "suckers" and the Ingleside
management weeps because they don't
grow up fast enough.
The opening mile run resulted in a big
upset. Truxilio. with Bullman up, was
backed down to favoritism, but a poor
start ruined his chances at the outset.
He was also badly interfered with dur
ing the progress of the race. Caspar, a
40 to 1 chance, led to within a few yards
of the wire, where Johnny Reiff on To
ribio. another Outsider, came with a rush,
winning hands down. The favorite fin
ished fourth.
The second mile run proved somewhat
easy for Roadrunner. The chestnut horse,
witn Bullman In the saddle, whs a prime
favorite; finishing first with something to
spare, Glengaber sueeeeded in getting the
place, but was' disqualified. in;.- gave
second money to McFarlane and the show
to Main bar. , . , .
The fourth number, a mile selling run,
fell to Potente, the favorite. The gelding
made all the running and easing" up at
the finish led Bonnie lone out four
lengths.
The fifth purse, which no doubt through
a streak ot luck, happened to be a JpOO
one, Iso went to Cotrlgan. His gelding,
Adolph Sprecki Is, a 3 to 5 favorite, reeled
off the mile and. a furlong In 1:66 flat,
downing Meropa quite handily. First
Tenor was the only other starter.
Track Notes.
Devin, who rode Glengaber in the sec
ond race, was suspended for the balance
of the meeting, it being the opinion of
the stand that he Indulged in two much I
rough riding.
The cause of Builman's tumble looked
very much as it a door was -opened for
him and then slammed In his face.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds; maidens.
790 Florence Fink. ..107 751 Cleodora 107
790 C.H.Harrison JrlO9i 793 Paliucus 112
... Cymamo ...'.....107: 578 Gold iron lvi* !
720 Purnlah W9| 720 Ra( ebud .... \ffl
702 I nda 109 i 790 Festoso 11.' '
541 Karl Islington.. .ll2! 7:<;< Wrinkles 107
540 Alhaja i; 583 Solstice 107
Second Race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
maidens.
774 St. Agnes 110 781 Ella 1 >•• Poy 110 I
774 Tanobe 110 ... Andrea 110
752 El Arte 110 774 Bamboulla 113
781 Matt >i ... . no 721 La Amiga 110
774 Mountebank ....113 ... Charlie Qulnn. .110 ■
781 Honor Bright. ..llo! 774 GlUmando 113 |
Third Race — One and an eighth miles; hurdle I
handicap; over live hurdles.
788 Our Climate 160: 775 Joe Cotton 130
701 St. Jacob 160 775 Major S 126 I
793 Tortoni 150 ] 687 Rossmore 126
(78MTyro 147 r 775 Colonial Dame. .l2s
,775 Three Forks 1401 761 Durward 123
657 Tom 5mith. .....1301 775 Imp. Alien 125
Fourth Race— One mile; selling; four-year
olds and upward.
... Vlncltor 124: 733 Henry C 129
884 Bobbins 131 1 788 Polasfel 121
793 McFarlane 121; ... Nllhau 115
687 Grander 121 1 793 The Plunger 121
798 Two Cheers 1211 761 Heritage 121
Fifth Rare— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and upward. . ,'
6?8 Pat Morrlssey..lioi 7-7 Elsln »7
649 Horatio ill 780 Wipg 92
797 Orion 11l (777) D0n Luis 103
102 Gold Fin 97.'(757)R1card0 IQS
Money Hooker 1031 767 Magnus 103
787 The Fr.it. t . 101 (790)Rlo Chico 98
694 Jinks 1001
Sixth. — Seven furlong?; handicap; three
year-old!" and upward.
.785 O'Connelt 124 772 Olinthus 98
760 Rubicon 114 88! Limewater 90
71? Sam McKoever.lool 785 Good Hope 84
Selections for To-Day.
First tia-tn ''. H. Harrison Jr., Racebud,
Earl Islington.
Second Race— Mountebank, Glissando, St.
Agnes.
Third Rare— St. Jacob, Tyro, Rossmore.
Fourth Race— Two cheers,, Vineitor, Granger.
Fifth Race— Jinks, Pat Morrissey, Rio Chico.
Sixth Race— Olinthus, Sam McKeever, Rubi
con.
Only One Favorite Wins.
NEW ORLEANS, March 9.— Weather
clear; track fast. Sir Florian was the
only winning favorite. Results:
One mile and twenty yards. Seaport
won. School ''■)'■.! second, Atlantus third.
Time, l:4«4. ' , , ,
Six and a half furlongs, Fintan won.
Nellie Prince second, Phidias third. Time,
1:22%
One and an eighth miles, selling, Egbart
won. Babe Fields second, Judge St. •adman
third Time, 1:67*4-
Six furlongs, handicap. Sir Florian won.
Ilobart second, Takanasse third. Time,
One mile, selling, Mouseltoff won, Cli
rnacus second, Willy Howard third. Time:
l '45 - ■
Seven furlongs, Ma Angellne won. Little
Bailie second, Protus third. Time, 1:29',i.
Josephine Bartlett's Nemesis.
Josephine Bartlett, the dive actress and
married woman, Who Is accused' by W. T.
Duerrbeck, marine engineer, with obtain
ing money from him by the false pre
tense that she was a single woman and
would marry him was arraigned In Judge
Mogan's court yesterday. By consent the
case was continued till March 16. -
MURDER, SUICIDE, OR
ACCIDENTAL DEATH ?
JVJystery ir\ the Asphyxiation of JA.
BvirdicU at the Commercial
Hotel.
MARCINE BURDICK, an aged dairyman from Tomales, was found
dead in his bed in the Commercial Hotel yesterday morning, hav
ing died from gas asphyxiation. Deceased registered at the house
early In the evening, and was accompanied by two roughly dressed
men, with whom he departed a few moments later. He called at a rail
road ticket office, at 4 Montgomery street, and inquired the cost of a round
trip tourist ticket to New York. Burdick stated that he was going to
visit his two sisters, whom he had not seen in many years, and would call
at 9 o'clock on the following morning and procure his transportation.
G. Tonlnl, the ticket agent, says that he advised the stranger to
leave his money In the safe or take it to the hotel, but the countryman
laughingly replied that he knew how to care for his funds and went his
way. He Is known to have spent some time in the saloons of the Barbary
Coast, but returned to the hotel about 9 o'clock, and. while somewhat In
toxicated, was able to walk upstairs. The bellboy accompanied Burdick
to his room, and, as is the custom at that place, showed him several
times how to light and extinguish the gas. The boy passed the man's
apartment twice late In the night and noticed that the light was still
burning.
When Tin bods was found yesterday morning the gas was turned on
full force, and it is the theory of the . hotel people that when Burdick
finally put out the light he unintentionally turned the gas on and lay
down to his endless she,,. The police regard the case as accidental, but
are not certain thai the man was not robbed before he returned to the
hotel. They have been unable to learn whether or not the deceased had
any considerable sum of money with him when he arrived in the city. IT
is considered possible that the victim whs robbed of all but the three
dollars found in his clothes, and realizing that he would be unable to make
the .long Intended visit to his sisters, turned on the monoxide in a fit of
drunken despondency. There is another theory that may be correct.
When the dead man's room was entered the door was found unlocked, and
it would have been easy for Some guest to enter his room, rob him and
then turn on the gas. Thus far. however, the police are not inclined to
accept this proposition.
Deceased was about 60 years old, and had been engaged in various
occupations In Marin County for thirty years.
NOW FOR THE GREAT
CHAMPIONSHIP FIGHT
LAVIGNE AND SMITH IN PER-
FECT CONDITION
John L. Sullivan Contends That a
Referee Should Be Able to De
cide Any Twenty-Round
Contest.
The most absurd question asked yester
day by men who are Interested In the
championship contest which will be held
this evening in Woodward's Pavilion was.
"Who will win the fight?"
Any person who can answer this ques
tion correctly can easily make more
money in one day than a bank president
can earn In a year.
Neither i.avigno nor his opponent.
Smith, can say with any certainty what
the result of the great fight will be. Cer
tainly both men are confident of bagging
the long end of the sack, but notwith
standing the confidence displayed by the
young warriors one must surfer' defeat and
chagrin when the referee announces the
winner of the championship and the emol
uments that go with It.
If the contest should end In a draw
neither the public nor the contestants will
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufac-
turers, Brokers. Importers, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers,
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
IN CORRESPONDING WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL." \
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLYTH, Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Stenmboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 :
Washington St Telephone, Main 564 1. |
BELTING.
LP fIFfiFN Manufacturer of Belting r»nd
, I. ULUCn, Laco Leather, 103-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, !
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work. -;:K- 1 - *
Office and Works— MISSION ST.
Telephone Main GO4S.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY.,
342 to 350 Oearv Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'BRIEN *• CftNS - Maker * Dealers in j
DKICn OL OUflJLandaus. Hacks. Victorias,
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk j
St., Ban Francisco.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO,.
WOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1884.
DRUGGISTS IWHOLESALBi.
REDiNGTQN & CO. fo^tl^i s^^
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
tic DAVEC ATA Shipping Butchers. 104
J AS- DUIt3 < WI., day. Tel. Mala 1294,
I feel satisfied. John L. Sullivan, in an In
' terview On fighting, topics, said that a
referee who had the remotest conception
of Queensberry rides should be able to
I decide .i twenty-round contest by naming
a winner.
"When two men battle for twenty
rounds,'.' said Sullivan, "the contest can
not possibly be so very close thai a win
ner cannot easily be pointed out. The
great trouble with a majority of the ref
erees of the present day Is thai they fear
: ridicule from some of the people who may
have money Invested on the result of the
decision. A referee should not give a
cuss for what the people think. Let him
decide the fight according to his best
judgment, and although lie may offend
some of the natural-born kickers he can
rest satisfied that all fair-minded sport
ing nun will always stick by him. The
great trouble Is that we are having too
many draws, and I always did contend
| that a draw light is not worth going
across the street to see."
There is a great demand for good seats,
and the outlook for a crowded house is
decidedly promising. '?;;.-:
The betting yesterday was at even
money, and It is doubtful if there will be
much change in the present order of poo!
selling until the men enter the ring.
Young Mitchell and Billy Lavigue will
second the "Kid," and Smith will be
looked after by Tim McGratb and Billy
Hennessy.
Poses as a Martyr.
Mrs. Dora Fuhrig, charged with hay-
| ing caused the death of Mrs. William
| Walmsley by means of a criminal opera
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Medley. Prop*..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1305.
LIQUORS.
Gudold Whiskey, gallon ....SI 50; case $6 00
F. C. O. Whiskey, do $1 28 '.
L. CAHEN * SON, -lis Sacramento st., S. F.
PAPER DEALERS. '
WI! I AMFTTF pulp and paper co.'.
lr ILLHmLI lE. 722 Montgomery Street.
PRINTING.
II • W- nUtjill-lOf 611 Sanaome street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
&a hlc PARTRIDGE ggg
THE HICKS- JUDD CO., jgg|gj^
TYPEWRITERS.
M^l A *' Typewriters Rented,
SiH^iry^pt . Few partly used for sale cheap.
jfiyjEPffi V AGENTS SMITH PREMIER
r^sVN&|^ L - &M. ALEXANDER.
"^SaSsBSS 9 110 Montgomery street.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
the HASLETT WAREHOUSE co..
Fcrv-''ng Agents and Public Weighers. G ,
era! Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. 210 California st. Tel. Mala 191*.
WATCHES. ETC.
T| IlftinV headquarter*, for tine Jewelry and
• LLnl/1) • !*-k. Wedding Kings. 4 3d s st
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at It»
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Is the Best Coal In the Market.
Ice and Yards— 46o Main atreet. ..'. ...-. .% ■■*
tion. took the stand yesterday in her own j
behalf. As expected, she denied having
performed the operation that caused the
young woman's death, and said that she j
simply treated the young woman for va
rious ills that ultimately caused her
death. In all probability the case will !
be argued to-day and a decision bad be
fore the hour for adjournment comes.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Salt water direct from ocean.
Disinherited His Son.
The will of the late Joseph McDonald,
who died on the Ist Inst., was filed for
probate yesterday. The estate of the de
ceased consisted of stock in the Sierra
Lakes Ice Company valued .0 $5000" and
$2000 in' cash. By the terms of the will
it is boqueuthed in equal shares to Mary
X.. William J. and George A. McDonald,
decedent's children another son, J. J.
McDonald, having been disinherited by
his. father. The clause disinheriting the
son is as follows: "To my son, J. J. Mc-
Donald, I leave nothing. My reasons for
doing so are that during the past few
years of my life he has caused me great
mental anguish and suffering; also that
during his lifetime I advanced him about
$3000 in cash."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVE YOU ~
BEEN CURED!
If Not, Why Not? 1
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
DOCTOR SWEENY, THE OLD RELI- I
ABLE AND LONG ESTABLISHED !
SPECIALIST.
Office 737 Market street.
Where the sick and afflicted can receive
treatment in the future, as they have in
the past, from the ablest and most suc-
cessful Specialist of the age.
Some doctors fail because of treating
the' wrong disease: hers from not know- ,
ing the right treatment.
NO MISTAKES, NO FAILURES.
In the treatment of any of the following
diseases. Vitality and Vigor imparted to
all diseased organs and perfect cures
guaranteed:
Kidneys. Bright's Disens:,
C itarrh, Nervous Debility,
Throat, Private Diseases,
i >un i g) Blood and -kin.
Head. ' Rupture -.
Heart, Rheumatism.
Bladder. Bis-ases or Rectum.
Liver. Spleen. Varicocele,
Stomach, » --drocele.
And all swellings, tenderness find Im- ;
pediments of the sexual parts; effects of 1
indiscretions in youth or excesses in |
after life, neglected and improperly
treated cases; lack of vitality: sexual
weakness, dizziness, weak back, falling
memory, despondency, etc.. promptly and
effectualy cured.
WOMEN'S DISEASES A SPECIALTY.
WRITE If you cannot call. Letters con-
fidential and answered in all languages.
HOME TREATMENT-The most sue- j
cessful home treatment known to the |
medical profession. Thousands who were
unable to call at office have been cured at
home by our special treatment. Consul- ;
tation free. Call or address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
787 Market St,
Office Hours— 9 to 12 m.; 2 to 5 and 7 to 3 !
p. m.; Sundays from 10 to 2.
tthat will guarantee
that my Kidney Cure
will cure 90 per cent,
Of all forms of kidney
oomplalnt and In i
many Instances the
most serious forms of
Brighfs disease. If
the disease' is com-
plicated send a fmir-
ounce vial of urine.
We will analyze it
and advise you free
At all crug&lets, 200. a vial. Guide to Health !
arid mcdlr-al tuMfP free. 15'Q Archst .
DR.PIERCES '
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE .
BI_OOP,PVER,HJ&GS.,
ir J M&&%2&sBBt£«nf3 p ' e ** ' 8 a nnn-poinonooi
*<*^fflß^^^*^^y| remedy fur Gonorrhoea, '
Rr.» <'!»"', Sp«rnn!orrhif^
rfeK^'in 1 to i '»~»^| Whites, unnatural •iis-
jKSfJty Gcir*nwe.l |J charges, or any inflamma-
JR«wa noi -jo Btriatnrr. tion. irritation or ulc^ra-
§■ igPrereatt cnat»gion. tion of tnnrnin 1... m-
KofTHEEvAN3 CHEMin»' Co.' braaea. Non-ostricgent.
fJggBBV.OINCINNATI.O — 1 i: ° by Uruirariata.
Wg^ik C 3 A swal or Ben ' U ' r'-uin wrapper,
?Kffia. ' " '^ftVsS IT express, prepaid, fol
-^BBBtbmft&^m J 0 *'- nl ■'■ i" trios, *2.76.
x »^s4Js4^r£iJ^'^v D Circular s,jut uu reyr<.tt
/^~~%^ J)r.G!bi>on ? s Dispensary,
M^tPtJ&m 625 KEARNY NT. Established
Vir^ft' ISS» for the treatment of Private
HEiJs r , w§l Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
KwwiVTSfflj i',i>f!ir." v.-ixiringon body and mind and
skin ! ' ;i " : - ; '-s i'hedoctorciirpswh'' , i»
ifIHH hers fall. Try him. Charges low
**<G6lbiS9b%J t'lirengnarantfrd. Callorwrite.
. fir. J- V- «iIBBUS. Miox. iy.>7,SanFianniwo.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
A Superb Train
JRRRrtk ' EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
i fllfw Union -Pacific
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET PMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
. DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 3% LAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves Sao Francisco dally it I p. a
D. W, HITCHCOCK. General AjrerU,
No. I Montgomery street, San Francta?o.
"NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Fev-v.
1 FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •7.2O. *9:30. 11:00 a. m.; •Hi.
t:io, 5:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturday; at 11:30 p. m.
! SUNDAYS— »S:OO. •10:C'O. «11:30 a. to.; 'LIS.
i 1:00. »4:3€. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
! FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCIS-. 0.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. '6:3:). 7:15. '9:20 a- m.;
j »12:20, 2:20. *J:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
I and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. ..
i SUNDAYS-6:20. *S:00. '10:00. ni:o» a. m.,
•1:15. »3:10. 4:40. '8:20 P. in. „.,„„„
Trains marked • "tarts from San Qu^ntin.
FROM MILT, VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a.' m..
U:«5. 2:45. 3:50. 5:20 p. m.
■ EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wr'nesdays
I and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. . •
SUNDAYS"B:OO. 10:05 a. m.: l-:0i. I.M. 3.20.
1:00 6:20 p. m. „.„
• ' P THROUGH TRAINS.
I:J0 a m week days-Caiadero and way sta'ns.
1:48 p. m Saturdays— Duncan Mills And way
stations. • ,,,
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta a
' '-j..-.; RAILROAD TRAVEL.^
KtflTll^KY I'*«IFIC C«»3»I**WY.
(PACIFIC HVHTEM.)
TrKlus !•»»•» «••<« «*»•* ««•»« »" , rJre at
WAN ritAZfCINVO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
t.s*va — From Deo. 18. IS9B. - ABaiv*
•0:OOa Nilea San Jose and WafStatioui... *»»***
?:4M»a Bentcia, Suisun »nd Sacramento. . . . o:*or
7 too a MarysTllle, OroTillcand Reddlu« Tla
Woodland .-„. »»5J
?:OOa Klttira, VaoaTillo and Bunisey »•*»»
-,:.\»j, Mar'inei!. San Uamcn.ValleJo. Napa,
CalUtoga and Santa, R05a . . ... ... . « : ' "»
»:»Oa Atlantic Express. <>gd«n and hast.. »»*»»
»i3t>A Bah Jose. Llvermore, Hto«kton,
lone. Sacramento. Plaocrrille,
MarysTllle, Chlco. Ke.l Bin if * = '!*'
asSOA 'Milton, Oakdalf and Jamestown... *:»•''
B:OOa Martinez, Tricy, I.athrop. Stockton.
Merced » nd Fresno 12:13*
• :««Ia Fresno, Hakoriilei 1 "Santa IvAilutra.
Los Angeleo. Demlng, El Fmo,
New Orleans and Kast -.1*
i»:O0a VaUejo, Martinez avd Way Stations * =*•>*
!3:UOx Niles, LlTermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mend' la. Har.furd, Vualia,
Porterrille .JilSl
•l»9opSaoramentolH»erSteanier» •»:««»
4ii»or Marttuvz, Kan Ramon, Vullejo,
Napa. C'alistuga. Santa Uosa »:1»A
4:00 - Benicia, Vaoaville, Hactamtnito,
Woodland, Ki.igiits Lauding,
MaryßTillo, Okitlll* . : -;**
«<SOr Niles, San Jose and Stockton ....... «:ij»
8:« Op San Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Baktrsfleld. Lcs
Angeles ,?'*.%±
ff:SOp Stockton, Merced. Fresuo I*1 "
ttiSUr Martinez, Tracy. JJondota, Fresno,
Mojafe, Sai,la Barbara and l.os
' Angeleo »■*»*
15 .(HIP Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock, »L
Louis, Chicago and East |V:404
«i3or rtania Fr. R0n. ... \ ...I> -M"M»
for Mojat o a...l l'^i«t .1.2
Mir Kmropaau Mail, Ogdoii and X.ait 2,2*
0:OOr Uaywarda. Niles and San Jose ' * : •>*
•o:<i« i- Vallate ,-•••/,;•• »-* !,i »P
t7«o»p VaUejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
ttoaa .' « ■■ x-'-*^*
BidOp Oregon Kxprnns, Sacramento, Marys-
»lUe, Hi-.l.'iiMg. Portland, Fuget
Hound ami Kast 1 »:l a a
aIO:05p Sunset Limited. Fresno, Loa
Angßles, El Pa»P. New Orleans _
and East ■•• f>ls*9w
""HAN LKAMIIIO ASH IItVWAUUS LOCAL.
(Foot of Masket Street.)
"? ■at rone, .Seminary I'ark, (
MeOOa Klti-liburi;. Klniliurst, 6:l."»a
49-0« a San l.ean.lro, South Nasi «*»:4}».
l «».(>•• a Leamlro. Katadillo, J222i
<1I:OOa > Lorenzo, Cherry ,f!i'-i.
ft*«o* and !:,,!
5:««P Hnjnar.ls. 7"45»
7:o °'' I Runt through to Niles. *
) I From Niles I
" COAST DIVISION arrow <i»ri(;e).
(Foot of Market Street. l 
STl3ANewark,Ceii»-.'TVill.'.Sanjoge,Frlton.
Boulder Creek.SantaOruz and Way
Statlona, „ • H,:>
•8:1 Newark, Cetterville, San Jose, New
Alruaden, Fetton, Boulder Creek.
Bant* Crux and Principal Way
Stations ! " *
4:15p Newark, San Joaa and Los Gates... . o:2©a
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way at. .ions f-*°i.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
' from SIR 'RiKCISCO— Foot of Market Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00*.*. tl's3 •2:00 * 3:5 '
•i:CO 18:00 •6:00r.».
: frsmOUUMß— rootofßrmdw.j.— -(1:00 8:00 10:00*.ls.
tI2:CO '1:00 12:03 '3:00 ILOJ : 'Mir.*.
! COAST VISION (llroa.l (iauge)..
(Third and Townseno St-.) _
7:0« a Sao .lose an. Wiiy SUtious (New
Aliuadeii Wednesdays only) ls*w»
•iOOa Ssn Jose, Tres Finos, Santa Cms.
FaelMo <Jio»o, Vaso Robles. Sail
Luis Obispo. Guadalupe, Surf and
Frinoipal Way Stations ,2„Xf
l«: 4©» Bait .lorn and Way Stations "J* '••*
11-.-.WK San Jose ami Way Stations »••»*
*ai43rSan Mateo, Redwood. Menlo I'ark,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose,
Uilmy, Hollister. Santa Cruz.
Salinas, Monterey ami Facilic
« re *l««8«t.
•StrtOr San .lose and Way Stations *)' : '.'2*
•4:13p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations » : ***
•3:00p San Jose and Principal 'Tay Stations °:.i^k
SiUOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations *■•}"*
«::t«r San Jose ami Way Stations i : :!„
t11:43r San Jose and Way Stations 7:.»»P
; ' A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
: ■Sunday! excepreil. ; Sundays only, i Saturdays only
Mondays and Thursdays. nT'i-Mays and Saturdays.
, ISaturdays and Wednesdays. t-TliuisiUva and Sundays.
CALIFOINIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
XjEJSSH]H3
SAN FRANCISCO NO NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibnron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
': WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 13:53,
8:50, 6:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:6s
and 11 ■"■ p. m.
I BUNDATS— 9:Bs, 11:00 a. m. 1:30. 8:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. n».
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— O:IO, 7:30, 0:-0, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 8:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:56* and 8:35 p. m.
BUND AYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a, m.; 1:40, 8:40,
6:00. 6:25 p. m.
p ? tv-e?r. Ssua Francisco and Schuetzen Peril
same schedule aa above.
I ' Leave „ Arrive
Ban Fmnclsco. In Effect San Franclse*.
1 . . October 16,
, Week 1 Sun- 1898. Sun- 1 Week
! Days. I Pa's. Destination. days. I days.
. —^_i 8:00 ami Novato, 10:10 ami 8:40 am
7:Boam'' 8:C0a!-u NoratfO, W:4oain i
i 8:30 pm l 9:SO am, Petal 6:10 pm 10:25 sum
' 5:10 pra 6:CO prr. Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm,
Fulton.
1:80 am Windsor, M:BS sua
HpcJdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyservtlle,
8:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:86 pm 9:33 psa
i Hopland and
, 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:35 pml 8:28 pn»
7:30 am ' J., \^-ii am
I 8:00 am Gurneyville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pa • 6:22 pra
1 7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and 1
8:10 pm' 8:00 pni Glen Kilen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm,
: 7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 'lo:23 am
8:30 pro 8:00 pmj 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark .West
Springs, at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Qey-
servllie for Skagga Springs: at CI vandal* tot
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan rings.
Highland Springs. Kelseyv'.Ue. Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lekeport and Bartlett
' Springe; at T.'kiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
i Bprings. Blue L*Vea. Laurel Dell Lake, witter
Springe. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter \ alley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lterley's, Bucknell a.
Banhedrln Heights, Hullviiie. Booneville, Orr'i
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
We^tDort. T sal. Wl'lltta. Laytrnvllle. Cum-
' icing's. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olaen'a. Dyer*
i ficotia and Eureka. „•'•'. ... , * ,
i Saturday to Monday round trip tickets as
1 reduced rates. round trip ... to all point*
On Sundays round trip tickets to all polnta
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 660 Market at.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING. :-'"'. ■■; nR. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass AgenU
California
Limited
Santa ffe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves Sftfl
Francisco via Los Angeles at .1
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES.
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:62 A.M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday-Arriving in Nev*
York at 1 :30 P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
I DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob,
servation Car and Eleotria
- Lighted Sleeping Car.
i This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
'HI FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— « MARKET SI
TELEPHONE MAIN li3L
Oakland o£oa— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
Ban Jose Office— 7 Wast Santa Clara Si
' THE SAN FRAHCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1899, trains will run as follows^
South-bound. • : j | North-bound, i
: passrn- Mixed. Mixed. ; Passen*
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
j Dally. lExc'ptd Sxc'jitd ! Dr.iiy. .
7:20 am! 10:80 am Stockton 3:45 pml 6:00 pm
9:10 am) 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm -13 pra
10:40 ami 5:G5 . .:. Fresno 9:30 ami 2:42 pm
. : 11:38 ami 7:45 pm • Han'ord 7:4j am! 1:45 pm
| 2:25 pm|l2:So am Bakfrsileld 2:00 am!ll:00 am
•11:99 ami 6:25 pro - Vlsalia 6:40 ami I:— pm
12:15 pml 6:53 pml Tulare s:£o am! 1:05 pm)
. Stopping at Intermr-dlate points aa required.
For particulars of stafre and other cour.ection*
! Inquire at .Trsfflc. Manager's Office. 321 Market
street. San Francisco.
HSITSSIUrMs» RAILWAY.
. (Via 'lauaallto 'erry.)
Leave San Francisco, coauaencins Sunday.
i Sept. 11. IM*: . . _
Week Days— »:» a m.. 1:« !»■«»»:.,. - pm
Pundays-8:00. 10:00. 11:80 ; a. m.. Irti> a.
Round trip from Mill 'alley. n. ■„.-■■'._
1 •rnns COOK * son, AKSUta 01 iltur*z3
1 street. San Francisco.
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
AN ATTEMPT
TO BESMIRCH
F. R. GIRARD
Cameron Indulges in
Mud Slinging.
A SCURRILOUS PAMPHLET
A WOULD-BE COUNCILMAN'S
UNCLEAN POLITICS.
Descends to Indecent Tactics in His
Anxiety to Defeat His Opponent.
Enters an Absurd Plea of
Self-Defense.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 9.
i; the ward where lives Councilman F.
R; Girard. and where his children go to
Fclsool; was circulated last night on.- of
the most scurrilous and obscene pam
phlets that has ever been issued in this
cltv. It purports to refer to some di
vorce proceedings in which Mr. Girard |
figured nearly a quarter of a century ago
in Sau Francisco, and. contrary to lav..
the document contains no signature nor
does it show from what printing office it .
was Issued Y*t Mis a campaign docu
ment used for the purpose of attempting j
to injure the Republican and Municipal I
League candidate for the Council from:
the Second Ward.
The effect of this circular bus been to
strengthen Mr. Girard's chances of elec- j
tion tor lie has lived her.- many years; |
h:i'- 'been one of the leading and most
progressive business men of this city;
has s held public office nearly ten years
and Is now running on his cord in Oak- |
'and. W. W. Cameron, his opponent in
the campaign, is circulating the pam- 1
phlets and declares that he was forced
to do it hecause Mr. ( ilrard has been i
Bending nan around telling stories de
famatory to his (Cameron's) domestic
life and* to his divorce proceedings two
vcars ago. . j
vlr. Girard has replied to the circular. ■
He says: ' The uublicatlon is slanderous ■
and eowardlv. The compiler does cot
put it fori in order that the nubile may ,
be enlightened; bui with the hope that ;
he may injure my candidacy. It is true
lhat about about twenty-five years ago l
had trouble with my wife. We were di
vorced: and I did not contest her suit be
cause ■ promised not to do so. 1 divided !
half my* property with my wife and we
eacli went our way. The so-called state- \
ments in the circular are simply a re
production of the matter contained in a ;.
divorce complaint. They are not from
Hworn testimony, as the case went by de
fault and have no basis in fact. Every
body knows what a lot of matter can he
put" In a complaint on Information and j
belief. This, pamphlet would have more
effect did it come from some one whose j
very recent experiences with the divorce i
court were not quite so fresh in the pub
lic mind is those of Mr. Cameron."
MET DEATH AT THE
MELROSE FUSE WORKS
TONY BARTEL STRUCK BY A
DERRICK.
Violent End of Benjamin Eden, a
Pioneer of Alameda County,
Near Russell Station.
— ■ " *
OAKLAND. March P.— Another violent
death occurred this morning on the old
site of the fuse works at Melrose, which !
were blown up last year, killing four who |
were trying to arrest it murderous Chi- :
nese. :
Tony Bart a laborer, residing at See- j
biid and Alice streets, was struck oh the j
head by a heavy piece of falling Iron,
Which was being raised from among the •
,;. oris by means of a derrick. Barters
skull was horribly fractured. Death was
instantaneous. ,
Deceased was a native of Portugal, aged
23 years and unmarried.
lien ja Eden, a pioneer cf this county
residing near Mount Eden, was struck by
a narrow gauge train near Russell station ,
last evening and killed. His body was •
Shockingly mangled. Deatu had evidently |
been immediate. Deceased was aged I
about 70 vcars, and leaves a widow and a
family of grown-up sons and daughters.
He was reputed wealthy, and was highly j
esteemed. _„ _
At the inquest held at Mount Eden to
night the Coroner's -jury found that I
Eden's death was accidental. An Inquest
will be held in the case of Bartel to-mor- .
row afternoon. j
. ♦ ■
INVECTIVE COSTS A LIFE.
. _.. - I
George .'_. Pelton Tarried a Moment ;
Too Long on a Track.
OAKLAND. March 9.— "J have got)
every one of the did six' spotted and i
they will never gel ray vote. I would j
sooner vote for a Chinaman than any on-' !
Of them."
Had not George E. Pelton stopped to |
utter this farewell Invective against the
faithless members of the City Council he:
might now he alive. »'he testimony given I
at the Inquest shows thai Conductor Pel- j
ion was discussing the previous night's
meeting of the City Council and its water l
rates. Just before the train came along
which caused his death.
C. E. Kinard testified as follows: "We
had been at the station ticker, office; two i
other gentlemen were discussing the af- !
fairs of last night at lie Council meet
ing, 'there was an elderly gentleman
there, who brought up the conversation,
but I took no pari In it. As the train I
was coming down the track Mr. Pelton [
passed In front of. me. and the last re-'
mark he made was "Well, 1 have
got every one of the 'solid six' spotted
and they will never get my vote." He
then passed diagonally across the track.
] rued around and saw the bumper |
strike him." j
.■♦ « •
NEW CAUSE TOR DIVORCE. \
Mr. Case Would Not Take His Wife <
to Amusements, and She Wants
Belief.
OAKLAND, March ft.— Because her bus-*
band seldom took her to a place of amuse
ment Mrs. Mary A. Case, being of a so
cial nature, has suffered severely, and she I
is seeking a divorce from James R. Case.
In her amended complaint, filed this aft
ernoon, she also alleges that If such cruel |
treatment as her husband has been guilty
of continues she believes she will either
go insane or be taken to her grave.
The couple were married in Martinez
r.me years ago ami have a seven-year-old !
• son. Mr. Case is a brakeraan in the em- J
ploy of the Southern Pacific Company, j
and Mrs. Case charges thai he is cruel
and Inconsiderate; that he has made her
home life miserable by taunting her and !
telling her that she can get a divorce as
soon as she wish' .-.
She alleges further thai her hubby stays <
out late of nights and spends his money. .
only coming home when he is hungry or j
sick, and thai he cruelly neglects bis fam- ;
ily purposely in order to have a divorce
suit brought.
Plaintiff asks for a legal separation, cup- \
tody of the minor child and reasonable nil- I
mony.
, — ♦-*
May Discontinue the City's Service, j
ALAMEDA. March P.— The Suriset Tele- |
phone Company threatens to discontinue (
the city's service unless the City Trustees j
reconsider their action in refusing lo al
low the company's claims. City Attorney j
~* a vJor advised the board that the bills |
were illegal and that under the terms of
rh" telephone company's franchise the j
city was entitled to a free service. J
WITNESS IS
DRUGGED AND
THEN KIDNAPED
I Remarkable Story of
Josie Kerr;
i
j SENSATION IN O'BRIEN CASE
!
ANOTHER SICK JUROR CAUSES
DELAY IN THE TRIAL.
Peculiar Action of Judge Ellsworth
in Sustaining an Objection
Made to His Own Tes
timony.
• ■
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
'.OS Broadway, March 9,
There was an unusual occurrence
coupled with a sensation at the trial of
James F. O'Brien, charged with felony.
In Judge Ellsworth's court to-day.
Judge Ellsworth was placed in the pecu-
Hth position of sustaining an objection to
Ins own testimony. This was brought
about by the attempt of defendant's at
torney, Frank McGowan, to prove that
one of the witnesses for the prosecution,
| Miss Jos;.- Kerr, had been illegally paid
I money to testify. The young, woman had
| stated that D. .Lopez, father of the com
i plaining witness, had given her $20 pend
! ing the trial and that afterward she re
; celved (40 from Detective 11. V. Herbert,
i representing the prosecution.
i The prosecution then showed that the
] money was paid to Miss Kerr for board
I and lodging, so that she might be kept
I close at hand as a witness.
Attorney McGowan still Insisted that
: such proceeding was illegal and that the
' court had entered no order to pay Miss
Kerr. Judge Ellsworth was accordingly
sworn as a witness, when McGowan asked
him whether any such order was of rec
ord. Attorn -;, M. C. Chapman of counsel
i for the prosecution objected to the ques
| tion on the ground that the records them
'■ selves in such cases are the best evidence.
j Judge Ellsworth hesitated a moment and
i then sustained Attorney Chapman's ob-
I jection. Court Clerk Pierce was next
sworn and testified that no such order had
! been entered.
It- was subsequently explained that it
j was proper to pay the necessary living
j expenses of a witness, where the purpose
Is to hold one in readiness, and In Miss
i Kerr's case it developed that the trial of
| O'Brien had been overtimed last Deeem
: ber on account id Detective Herbert's ' in
■ ability to locate Miss Kerr, who is an im
portant witness in the case.
When Miss Kerr was finally found a
i few weeks ago she told a remarkable
| story to Detective Herbert, the truth of
! which she substantially proved to Her
j berts satisfaction. She said that one
■ night last December, while Jn the com
] pany of one of the O'Brien boys at Pleas
! anton, she was drugged and kidnaped.
i She had been taken in a buggy and driven
to the hills at Dos Gatos. From there
, -iii went to San Jose, where she received
: a letter from one of the O'Briens advis-
Ing her to return, as the case had been
I continued, but urging her to say nothing
i about what had happened. When Miss
i Kerr returned. to Pleasanton she learned
! that Detective Herbert had been looking
| for her, and so she came to Oakland.
i Since then Detective Herbert had. on be
-1 half of tin- people, paid the young wo
i man's expenses, amounting to about $40.
i Owing to the sudden Illness of H. Haus
-1 childt. one of the Jurors, the trial early
this afternoon was continued until to
morrow morning. The case is one of the
most nauseating that has ever been tried
|In the Superior Court. O'Brien is accused
of having drugged a young woman named
Lopez ami criminally assaulted her. This
is his second trial, though on the pre
vious trial a verdict of guilty was brought
I in.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, March 9.— Marriage licenses j
were issued to-day to Catherine Carpen- '•
ter, a native of England, aged 65 years,
and Samuel Pauna, a native of Germany, j
aged 60 years, both residents of this city, i
and to Hans Peter Sorensen. aged 53, and
Cecelia Fredrlckson. aged so years, both I
natives of Denmark, and residents of
Oakland. ,
POPULAR YOUNG COUPLE
SOON TO BE MARRIED
Tin: many friends of Miss Henrietta Marie Fischbeck and Charles Oswald
Butler will be pleased to learn that the young couple will on the 18th of
this month embark on the sea of matrimony. The wedding, which will
be a quiet affair, owing to the comparatively recent death of a brother
of Mis." FJscbbcck, will b - celebrated at the home of the bride's father, John
R. Fischbeck.
Mies Fischbeck is a native daughter, very pretty, with a wealth of golden
hair and a tine figure. She is very popular In social circles in this city, and
has been a prominent figure at cur out-of-town summer, resorts
The father of the bride is a pioneer of. this city, and was one of the first
merchants of San Francisco. Rudolph and Jules Fischbeck are brothers of
the bride to be. Charles 0. : Butler holds the responsible position ot manager
and bookkeeper of the Eureka "Warehouse Company, and is voted a good fel
low by all his large circle of -friends. The -wedding will take place at C p. m.
Rev Mr. Beughler. who will unite the happy pair, performed a similar cere
mony almost forty years before, for the bride's parents. -
After .'i. short trip to Del Monte and Southern California the happy couple
will return to San Francisco and reside with Mr. Fischbeck.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 10, 1899.
SNOW MAKING
A HOT RACE FOR
THE MAYORALTY
Dr* Pardee Active in
the Campaign.
REPUBLICANS ARE CONFIDENT
LAKE MERRITT PEOPLE TOO
SANGUINE.
Desperate but Ineffectual Efforts Are
Being Made to Defeat W.
A. Dow and M. K.
Miller.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 9.
The opinion expressed In this paper many
weeks ago that an organized effort was
being mad" to deliver the city government
into the hands of the people who would
run the town wide open has now become
general. Sfnce the return of Mr. Snow
from the funeral of his wife he has taken
an active part in the campaign and at the
close there is no reason to doubt the en
tire success of the Republican ticket.
During the past week Dr. Pardee, has
been active in the contest. He has ap
peared nightly in different parts of the
city and has replied very forcefully to
the statements of the opposition. During
the early part of tin campaign it was said
that Dr. Pardee would not meddle in mu
nicipal affairs, but the enforced absence,
at a critical time, of R. W. Snow, the
candidate for Mayor, made it imperative
that some one should come- forward and
take his place. Dr. Pardee jumped Into
the breach and has been doing much effi
cient work.
Mr. Snow showed by his most recent
speech that he is not truckling to the
millionaires who are, as he expresses it,
"too enthusiastic" for improvements
around Lake Merritt. Mr. Snow has been
declaring for months that the Lake Mer
ritt people wanted too much at once, and,
although his experience caused him to
warn the Council of its mistake, he was
peremptorily put down and ids statements
ignored. Now Mr. Snow is not the least
bit backward in telling these millionaires
of their haste and inexperience. He says
"the estimable gentlemen comprising the
Lake Merritt improvement Association
have gone at the Improvement of Lake
Merritt with more enthusiasm than
money. Then, too. the same enthusiastic
citizens have engineered an ordinance
through the City , Council, anticipating
$50,000 of taxes that are to be paid in next
year. If it must be held sacred, tins or
dinance alone will require a tax rate of
VI cents upon every $100 for this improve
ment. Where is the 'money to burn?' '"
A little friction has been aroused in this
connection by the failure of the Allied
Improvement clubs last night to indorse
B C Cuvellier for Councilman at large.
Mr Cuvellier voted against this $50,000
ordinance, which Mr. Snow with ins ten
years! experience says is a bad project,
It is said that for his opposition to this
measure Mr. Cuvellier was turned down
and a Democrat was favored by the club.
While there is some excuse for placing
Mi Kramm from the annexed district on
the list indorsed by the Improvement
dubs there Is none for dropping the name
of Cuvellier. for Mr. Cuvellier has made
on,- of the best and most faithful Coun
j oilmen that ever held office at the City
Hall: , . , ■■
One of the most persistent fights is be-
I ing made against city Attorney Dow. It
is an open secret that many members of
' the Police and Fire departments, con
trary to its rules, are supporting Mr.
Dow's opponent. Every possible influ
' enci savoring of the racetrack or gam
bling interests is being trained against
Mr. Dow. and the contest Is one- of Re
publicanism and decency against the field.
The most ridiculous opposition of any is
that against M. K. Miller. Mr. Miller has
shown' what he can do during his four
years as Superintendent of Streets, and
! everybody who uses the streets favors
j his election as City Engineer. But those
i who persistently occupy, the sidewalks
! and curbstones are opposed to him. There
iis however, no reason at this time to
! fear the defeat of the Republican can
j didates.
JUROR SIEBEN'S
INDISPOSITION
CAUSES ALARM
Brandes Murder Trial
Again Delayed.
UNDER A PHYSICIAN'S CARE
LONG TRIAL LEAVES ITS MARK
ON THE ACCUSED.
Fear That Sieben's Sickness May
Defeat the Ends of Justice,
for the Time Being at
Least. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 9.
Considerable alarm is manifested over
the illness of Philip Sieben, one of the
jurors in the Brandes murder trial. The
case has dragged along for an entire
month and has already cost the county
approximately $10,000 and the end is not
yet In sight. In fact. Juror Sleben's sick
ness has created a remote fear that for
the present, at least, the ends of justice
may be defeated.
Court adjourned early yesterday after
noon on account of , the juror's illness, and
when the case was called this morning
Mr. Sieben was not present. According to
his physician. Dr. E. M. Keyes, there Is
very much doubt as to whether his health
will permit him to continue to act in the
capacity In which be has shown such a
deep interest. Should his illness prove
fatal It would necessitate a complete new
trial.
Mr. Sieben is suffering from nervous
prostration together with other compli
cations which, for one of his age, make
his condition serious. Other jurors, too,
are beginning to show the effects of the
strain and several have complained of
slight illness.
Even on the accused the protracted trial
has left its marks. Brandes is no longer
the hearty, robust fellow he appeared on
the day he was arraigned. His cheeks are
sallow, dark rings circle his eyes, and
furrows have made their way across his
forehead. He seems in constant despair
and torture, and at times has the ap
pearance of one who little cares whether
his end shall come on the gallows or
otherwise.
Provided Juror Sieben is well enough
the trial will be resumed next Tuesday
morning. ; _____
SAYS HIS MARRIAGE IS
A HORRIBLE NIGHTMARE
GEORGE SHANE WEDDED WHILE
IN A TRANCE.
The Young Man Finds Nothing Ro
mantic in His Alliance With
Lulu Homeier.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
. 1428 Park street. March 9.
George C. Shane, whose secret marriage
to Miss Lulu Homeler was made public a
few days ago, looks upon the affair as
nothing more or less than a very serious
joke. He says he was in an alcoholic
trance at the time the ceremony was per
formed and claims he knew nothing ot
being transformed from a bachelor into
a Benedick until he regained his senses
the day after the wedding.
The young man's story robs Miss Ho
meler of any happiness she found In her
romantic plunge Into matrimony, and the
denouement of the affair as stated by her
Is far from the picture of love's trials and
triumphs she would have the. public be
lieve.
"Although our marriage took place In
October, 1897, 1 have never lived with the
woman who claims to be my wife, and
as far as I am concerned never will,"
said Mr. Shane to-day with much em
phasis. "I have never acknowledged
Miss Homeler as my wife. I would never
have breathed a word concerning the un
pleasant affair if she had not told her
story "to the newspapers In an effort to
force me to support her. As she has put
the thing as a beautiful romance, ending
in happiness, I will say for my part that
it is a horrible nightmare, with nothing
but pain and remorse.
"As near as I remember the occurrences
on the wedding day, a crowd of young
folks from Alameda, among whom were
Miss Homeler and myself, were taking in
the sights In San Francisco. A French
dinner was part of the programme. Some
one of the party suggested that it would
be a huge joke- for us to get married. I
drank more wine than was good for me
and do not recollect what followed. In
fact, the balance of the day was a blank.
I do not know what became of the rest
Of the party. A short time later Miss
Homeler informed me that we had beep.
married at San Rafael and proved her as
sertions by producing a marriage certifi
cate. I have never seen her since and
have no desire to meet her."
Miss Homeler is the daughter of Louis
Homeler, formerly director of the Bald
win Theater orchestra, and was a popular
belle among the younger set of this city.
The announcement of her secret marriage
was a surprise to her friends, and the
statements of her husband will no doubt
create a sensation.
Shane is a son of a former real estate
dealer of Alameda who died some time
ago. —
SANTA CLARA WINS.
Defeats Berkeley in a Well Played
Game of Baseball.
BERKELEY, March 9.— The second .
I baseball game of the season between j
j Berkeley University and Santa Clara Col-
I lege was played on the university cam
pus this afternoon. The boys from Santa |
i Clara again showed surprising form, I
; clearly outclassing their opponents and
I winning by a score of 9 to 1.
While Berkeley has made much prog
ress under the direction of Joe Corbett, tne
! team is yet lamentably weak at the bat.
i The Santa Clara boys not only fielded
well, but batted in a splendid manner,
clearly showing the benefit of the coach- i
ing they have received at the hands of j
Jay Hughes, the great Baltimore twirier. !
The features of the game were the ex- !
cellent infield work of the Santa Claras,
the heavy batting of Farry, Graham,
. Kellv, Prill and McLaren, and the llelding j
id' Wolf. A large crowd witnessed the !
game. The following is the score:
SANTA CLARA.
AH. 11. CH. SB. PO. A. E.
Leake,'' s. * :.. 2 2 10 2 2 0
Parry, lb 4 1 " 8 « 1 0
Graham, c 4 2 - 1 13 2 0
Kelly, p 3 2 ; 0 14 0
Prill. 1. f 4 12 0 2 0 1
Mahoney. r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0:
Conner, 3 b 4 0 112 11
Coward, c. f 3 0 0 0 0 10
Garnet. 2 b 3 1 1.011 0 j
Totals 31 9 12 2 27 12 2
BERKELEY.
'■ . ) - All. R. BH. SB. PC. A. E.
ChesPbrough. c 4 1 1.0 4 10
Hamlin, 1 b 3 0 0 0 S 0 1
McLaren. 3to 4 0 2 0 _ 0 ' 0
Smith, r. 1 4 0 0 0 0 01
Hamburg, p 2 0 0 0 i 6.1
Hunter, C. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Fuller. 2 b 3 0 0 0 2 1 0
Swan, «. s.. 2 0.0 0 3 31
Wolf. 1. f 3 0 1 0 4 J! Jl
Totals 2S 1 4 0 24 13 4
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Santa C1ara......... ."> 0 0 0 4 0 0 0 0-- 9
Berkeley ....0 0.0 1.0 0 0 0 o—l
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Santa Clara, >">; Berkeley. 0. ,
Two-base hits— Kelly. Prill. Base on balls—
Karsburg. 1; Kelly, 2. Base on errors— Berke
ley, 1. Left on bases— Berkeley. 2; Santa Clara,
1. Struck out— By Kelly, 10; by Karsburg. 3. j
Double plays— Kelly to Garnot to Farry; Gra- |
ham to Conner to Garnot: Ctoesebrough to
Fuller to Chesebrougb. Passed balls—Chese
hrough, 1. Time of game— l:4o. empires C.
Foley and V. Hoag. Scorers— Casey and Dunn. [
. " . - .
NINTH INFANTRY
IS ORDERED TO
THE PHILIPPINES
Will Reinforce Major
General Otis.
ARTILLERY FOR HONOLULU
PORTION OF THE SIXTH FOR
GARRISON DUTY.
Recruits Wanted for Services in Our
New Colonial Possessions — Gen
eral Shafter Will Return to
This City Monday.
Again the War Department has changed
its mind regarding what disposition is to
be made of the Ninth Infantry. Orders
weie received yesterday that this regi
ment is to be sent to Manila, and the
depot quartermaster. Colonel Long, was
Instructed that the City of Puebla and the
Zealandia would be held for the purpose
of transporting the Ninth to the Philip
pines. . The former transport will be
ready in about a week, and the Zealan
dia about ten days later. The regiment,
if orders are not again changed, will go
in two detachments. Orders had been is
sued from department headquarters as
signing the various companies of the
Ninth to their respective posts in this
department.
As was published yesterday in the press
dispatches from Washington, the War
Department contemplates sending a por
tion of the Sixth Artillery to Honolulu to
do permanent garrison duty there. Gen
eral Shatter has also received a dispatch
from General Miles intimating that it is
contemplated sending a portion of the
Twenty-fourth Infantry to the department I
for garrison duty at Vancouver Barracks j
and to new Fort Spokane. I
It was given out from department head- j
quarters yesterday that the War Depart- \
ment Is desirous of recruiting for the cav
alry service in the Philippines and also !
for that of the artillery. The recruiting
officers of the department are authorized
to make enlistments for the light artillery j
and cavalry service. . :
General Shatter, in accordance with or- |
ders " received from Washington, has is- j
sued an order to all the commanding orri
cers of military posts in the department
instructing them to put all members of i
the Hospital Corps, casually at post, un- ,
der the Immediate orders of the surgeon
commanding the detachment Hospital ,
Corps. This order is made in the interest
of discipline and to facilitate the final dis
position of these men. and that they may
be properly accounted for upon the Hos
pital Corps return, as now required.
The following men at the general hos
pital at the Presidio have been ordered
discharged from the service of the Lmted
States by the commanding officer of that
hospital, 'by reason of "services no longer
required":
First California Volunteer Infantry—Com
pany D, i'rivate James o'L-ary Jr. ,
First Colorado Volunteer Infantry— Company |
A Private Curtis R. Stlllwagon; Company B,
Private George F. Taylor; Company C, Private
William A. Berry: Company 1. Private Charles
W. Gardner; Company L, Private Sydney W.
First Idaho Volunteer Infantry— Company D,
Private Walter Wright.
First Nebraska Volunteer Infantry— Company
X Private John F. Webster.
First Montana Volunteer Infantry—
C Private William Seaman: Company I. Cor
poral Thomas G. Nellsen; Company L. I'rivate
Austin D. Butler. „ „ ; ' ■ . , .
First North Dakota Volunteer Infantry—
Company G. Private Matthias Pederson: Com
pany H Privates Clarence J. Allen, Thomas
A Green and Musician Delbert K. Buzzell:
Company K. Wagoner George F. Aldrlch and
Private Joe Marmon.
Second Oregon Volunteer Infantry— Company
I. Privates Sloan Hackney and Fred Hlllert;
Company M, Private Ray M. Sherman.
Thirteenth Minnesota Volunteer Infantry-
Company A. Private Herman It. Bates; Com
pany B Private Charles M. Heck; Company
I) Private Augustus P. Mitchell; Company G.
Private Oscar Fjellman; Company H, Private
Edward O. Cowden.
General Shafter will return to San
Francisco from Bakersfleld next Monday.
HEIRS TAKE A HAND.
Another Contest Promised for Pos
session of Mary F. Haw
ley's Estate.
OAKLAND. March There promises
to be another lively contest over the estate
of Mary F. Hawley, who is supposed to
have committed suicide in September. 1897.
It was expected that, when the alleged
will which was filed by Special Adminis
trator Hawkett, was declared bogus by
Judge Hall about a week ago. the hus
band, Wiliam E. Hawley, would petition
for letters of administration. Hawley,
however, has disappeared and apparently
takes no further interest In the estate.
which consists of real estate In Napa and
Alameda counties valued between $20,000
and $23,000. This apparent indifference has
caused other heirs to act, for on last Sat
urday Sarah H. Edgington. a sister of de
ceased, applied for letters on behalf of
Hallie O. Edging-ton, another sister, of
whom she is the guardian. And to-day
B. C. Hawes, the Public Administrator,
also applied for letters, while late in the
day still another petition was tiled by
Nettie F. Pickett, another sister of de
ceased. The matter will be heard before
Judge Hall on .March 20.
Ferdinand Hokum to-day petitioned the
Superior Court for letters of administra
tion on the estate of his wife. Carrie Hol
tum. who died intestate on the 4th inst.
The estate consists of a $1300 life insur
ance policy, and the heirs are petitioner
0.,.l f,.,,- #,1,11,1,.,.n
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F E McShanley, Cal \C Bricks a, Martinez
.1.1, Tucker, Sacto C G Lee, Chicago
F W Dean, Cortland C H Young, Eureka
H Bugh, Cortland A L Annisley ft w, la
F II Green, San Rafael IE X Stokes, X V
F Goodsell, Salinas A 11 Hart. New York
L H Wright, Oakland ,VV Mattison, Stockton
C Carnhlll, Oakland .1 P O'Brien & w, Cal
E Whim)]". Decatur IJ 'I" Llttlefield, Sonora
F Belknap. Oakland C Stocks, Grass Valley
C II King ft w. Wyo A Conn, Red Bluff
Mrs M E Warren, Wyo Mrs G H Fraser. Cal
S M ToplltE, X V ,'A A Hoffman, Ukiah
M .1 Kenny & w. Or 1 A Squire, <"al
E W Haughton. 11l E F Jordan. St Louis
Miss E McCullogh. Cal X Wilson. Baltimore
Miss IJ Cavala. Cal I' O Cushman, Chicago
W Meohar ft W. Or' T Dow, Indiana
G W Foster. San Jose E B Nelson. Cal
E Gutleau, Toledo H Howe, Pi Reyes
W .1 Dellman ft w, Sac Codon, Ft Reyes
w c Gard, Sta Rosa C Evans, Olema
J McCudder, Vailejo |J 0 chandler &w. Cal
Miss McCudder, VallejjW Garrard ft w, Cal
S Sage. Chicago >
PALACE HOTEL.
c p Brosland ft. w, Cal R i: Hopkins ft w, NY'
II A Field, Pa C A Kidder & w, child
J F Richards, Cal and nurse, Boston
Mrs ii J Smith, Nev G F Talcbtt, w, child
Mrs W F. Griffin. Nev ft nurse. X V
S H Babcock, Utah is .1 Monarch, Ky
G M Book, USN j A I. Ormsby ft w. Ia
C H Kaufman. Cal 'YV S Hook, Los Ang
J A McPherson, Wash IV X Van Reypen ft w,
Col x L, Plalse. Eng ;' US A
Mrs A M Rothschild, ' Mrs J C Drake, child
• Chicago i and nurse, Los Ang
Miss T Rothschild. Chg( Mrs M A Wilcox ft.
F A Mcarns, N ¥ i maid, Los Anf,
C O Baxter, St Louis Mrs M W Longstreet,
E L Davis, Washlngtn: Los Ang
M Kuhn, NY' A H Wilcox, Los Ant:
J a McCasker. L Ang I J E Kins ft w, x y
ii B Stowell & w, jH I? Laldlaw ft w, NY-
Boston Miss Laldlaw, X V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G Anderson. Sacto IJ M Swan. New York
Mrs T Devlin. it C IF Black, Visalla
Miss .1 Waters. It c Mrs F Spring, Suisun
Miss R Harper. Spokne i C Andrews, X V
Mrs S E Burton, B C M Peterson, Fresno
A A Fri-.sner. It C " I 11 Cameron, Sonora
B a Howell. Portervll M Hyde. Santa Rosa
.S S Davis, Porterville L C Graham, Sta Rosa
'5 S Gllhani. Oakdale
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORT.
CASPAR— Arrived March 9— Schr Abby, line
March 3. •
Sailed March 9— Stmr Navarro, for San Fran
cisco.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Com mandery No. 1. K. ■2-^
T. Masonic Temple. Post and Mont- TEST*
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS I£_S
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 clock. l|jj)
Order of the Temple. All fraters are "V
cordially Invited. P. ERASER. Em. Com.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
z=z n
VERBA Buena Chapter Rose Croix — Jl —
No. 1— Regular meeting THIS __&>, —
(FRIDAY) EVENING, March Xl
March 10, at 7:30 o'clock. D. in
IS. GEO. J. HOBE, M
Secretary. _J
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., San Francisco. Cal .
on MONDAY, the 27th day of March. 1899. at
the hour of 12 m., for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY,
March 17, 1899, at 12 m.
ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary-
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to nine by the hydraulic
process from D. M. Butterfleld. In the Santa
Cruz placer mine, near Qulncy. Plumas
County, to deposit tellings in a workeri-out
pit: from the Hong Fat Company, In the
Doherty mine, at Rowland Flat. Sierra
County, to deposit tailings in the east branch
of Slate Creek; from Sam Ahtye. in the Span-
ish Plat mine, near La Porte. Plumas County,
to deposit tailings in worked-iut pits, and
from J. D. Wetmore and Martin Tufford. in
the Dry Creek mine. near Brownsville. Yuba
County, to deposit tailings in Dry Creek, gives
notice that .1 meeting will be hold at room 59.
Flood building. San Francisco. Cal.. on March
20. 1599, at 1:30 p. m.
THE Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
will not be responsible for any moneys col-
lected by PATRICK ROGERS, our es-secn-
tary and business manager of said corpora-
tion. since February 11. 1890.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections mole;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 2d st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Dividend No. 1 (30 cents
per s__re) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market street, on and after
March 10. 1899.
Transfer books will close on Saturday,
March 4, 1599. at 12 o'clock m
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED — FEMALE.
COMPETENT woman with a girl 2 years old
desires situation; best references. MISS CUL-
LEN, 32:", Sutter St.
NEAT, competent Swedish girl desires situa-
tion; good cook and houseworker: Oakland
preferred; best of references. MISS CUL-
I.IN, 325 Sutter St.
SUPERIOR Swedish cook desires situation; 2U
years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, assist waiting, hotel $20;
waitress, country hotel. $20, fare, paid; cook,
small hotel. $20; and others. J. F. CROSETT,
&- CO., 316 Sutter st.
BY a reliable woman with good references,
a position as maternal nurse, child's nurse
or housekeeper in family; a good cook and
seamstress; city or country. Address C. P.,
722 Stockton st. '
COMPETENT woman, first-class cook, would
do genera! housework; city or country: mod-
erate wages. 16 Willow aye., bet. Eddy and
Ellis sts. _______________
; ,
WANTED— Situation by Protestant woman at
general housework; good cook and laundress:
city or country: good references. 521 Minna.
GOOD, quick dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements by the day. Call or address
MRS. J., 1217 1 . Mission st.
PLACE as general housework: short distance
In the country; good cook; small wash. 445
First st.
' SECOND, 426— Sunny room for respectable
working lady; top flat.
; GIRL wants place for upstairs work and sew-
; Ing, Call 1314 Baker at.
WoMAN wishes washing and plain sewing at
her home. 25';'. Tehama St.; Is a deserver.
FIRST-CLASS waitress for restaurant wants
place. 415 Jones st.
GOOD waitress wishes work; lunch, dinner or
all day. 124 Sixth St., room 43.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as cook
or general housework. Call 6050 Post st.
NEAT capable widow wishes washing and
housecleanlng; terms 75c a day; or as house-
keeper by the month; terms $10; references.'
W.. box 51, Call office.
YOUNG German girl Just from the East wishes
a position as companion to a lady, governess
for children or as second girl. Address 245 V.
Clara st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker will accept en-
gagements in families; $1 25 per day; cutting
and fitting a specialty; references. Apply at
1212 Scott st. .
YOUNG woman wishes a situation to do up-
stairs work and sewing. 1011 Howard st.,
near Sixth.
COLORED girl wishes a situation to do cook-
ing and housework. 6 Derby place, off Mason.
MIDDLE-AGED woman desires situation as
working housekeeper or on ranch; good cook;
references. Box 468, Call office.
EXPERIENCED German nurse wants a posi-
tion; willing to travel Please call or address
626 Seventeenth st., Oakland.
GERMAN woman wishes situation in small
family to do general housework. 1221 Clay st.
YOUNG woman wants position to do housework
by the day. Call 1311 Jackson st., upstairs.
SITUATION wanted by a Danish girl in a
small Danish family. Apply 222 Pacific st.
WANTED— Position as infant's nurse; take
baby from Its birth; best of references. Girard
House, room 39, cor. Howard and Seventh sts.
AN experienced nurse would like position to
care for Invalid. Apply 929 Pine, or box 1808,
Call office.
WANTED— By elderly American woman, light
housework; good cook; small wages. E. F.,
625 Chestnut st., Oakland.
THOROUGHLY competent working house-
keeper wishes situation; best of references.
'all at 2136 Howard st. No. postals.
SITU INS "WANTED— MALE.
STRONG Swedish boy wishes place; under-
stands all kinds of work; city or country.
Apply MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds j
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. : tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. tel. East 436.
BRIGHT young man, 26. desires position of j
any kind; menial or clerical; speaks Eng- i
lish. French, German fluently; good penman; ]
rapid at figures. MAILBOX. 218 Mason st. j
YOUNG man speaking the English, French, I
German and Russian languages desires situa-
tion. Box 566. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS baker and pastry' cook wants!
situation in hotel or restaurant. Address box
1897, Call office.
SOBER, strong, healthy, energetic young man
wants grubstake to Alaska; first-class refer-
ences. Address box 448, Call office.
WANTED- Position by competent engineer and
electrician; good references. J. G. FINLEY,
933 Mission st.
I
YOUNG couple wish situations on gentleman's
place in country where owner cannot attend
or will work In small private family; wife
as cook, man as orchardlst and all-round
man; references exchanged. A. KELLER, ;
Niles. Alameda County.
A COMPETENT and experienced book-keeper,
with excellent references, desires employment
either for all 01 a portion of his time. Box
173:., Call office. *
A RESPESCTARLE young man, 22 years old.
Just arrived in the country, wishes employ-
ment In store or wholesale house; best refer-
ence. Box 467, Call office.
WANTED— a middle-aged man to take care
of a gentleman's place; can milk and take
care of a horse or two; city or country";
country preferred. Address S. N.. 308 Hill st.
GARDENER, practical, Scotch, wants charge
of private estate: understand*! all branches ot
greenhouse and outdoor work; no horses or
cows wanted: best of recommendation; 6 years
In last situation; married. Call or address Y.
M. C. A.
YOUNG man, competent bookkeeper, good pen-
man and quick at figures, wants a position
In a business house: wages moderate; refer-
ences. Box 4843, Call office, Oakland.
GARDENER. German, honest, sober and indus-
trious, good re I. ; careful driver; milk and
work around private family: very handy; city
or Oakland. Address box 344. Call.
GERMAN, 27 years old, offers his services us
accountant; speaks and writes Spanish and
English: 7 years abroad: best references. Ad-
dress JOURNAL, box 806 '"all office.
YOUNG barber having . 6 months' experience
wishes steady place; small wages. Address
box 403, Call office.
WANTED— Position as collector by respectable
young man living with parents; best refer-
ences. Address H. N. W., 431 Larkin st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $(
week: convenient and respectable; fro« 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
... : ■■.■-w ■ •
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
SECOND girl, MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter St. _ __
NURSE. $23. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter, at. a
COOK. boarding house. $30 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 225 Sutter st.
RANCH cook. $25. MISS CI LLEN, 23 Sut-
ter st.
COLORED chambermaid and waitress, $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HEAD. "waitress, $25] per month. .MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st _
MAID and seamsti $30 per month. MISS
CULLEN 325 Sutter st. ;
THREEisecondSgirl^S2C and $25 per month
each. MISS CULLEN. _______________________
HOUSEWORK girl 2 In family. $15- MISS
• Ti.I.KN. 323 Sutter st. ._
COOK. Angels Camp. $20 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st ,
TWO waitress sprints. $20 per month each.
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter St. .
PROTESTANT seamstress, San Rafael. $2.-..
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st. _ _____
COOK~_id~ "laundress, $30, American ';■-•■>,
cook. Jewish family. $35. no wash: maid and
-tress. %20: cook. Healdsburg. 520. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. •
SECOND girl. Burllngame. 2 in family. $25: 13
housework girls, city and country, 1 U; ,3 -c.
5 young girls, assist, 310 to 315. MISS 11l-
LEN. 325 Sutter st. ' .
RANCH cook. $20 per month: good Place; I
nurses. $20 and $23 ncr month. MISS ___.-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
C R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
2 waitresses, country. 2". fare here: wait-
resses i"' Stockton. Monterey. Bakersfleld.
Kern Fresno, Alameda, Emeryville. Benicia
and city, $2'); chambermaid to wait, city, $2'>:
chambermaid to wait, country, *20, see party
here.
FAMILY ORDERS . ••
10 housegirls far different country places. 315
to $25: 23 cooks and housegirls. city, $1j to
330; many young girls to assist. 310 to $15. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2~ GERMAN and- English waitresses and parlor-
maids, >-'": 3 second girls. $20: Infant's nurse,
320; 3 cooks. $25: cook for dairy hands. $2...
and girls for cooking and housework in city
and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st. _
SWEDISH cook, also first-class second girl,
best of references, desire situations. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st. ,
COOK and laundress, near city. $23; housework
girls, etc. MURRAY & READY, 631 and 638
Clay st. "'■•'-"
YOUNG lady to assist in light housework In
family of two in exchange for pleasant home.
Box 130. Call office. __
YOUNG girl for light housework, wait on in-
valid, good reader, sleep me, $10. 710 Leav-
enworth st.; call '■> to 12. "
I COOK for coffee and lunch house. $7 week. 32
Sixth St., after 8 a. m. ______
GIRL to assist in housework; no washing;
wages $S. 2131 Rush St.. 10 to 12 a. m.
GIRL for housework; wages $10. Apply at
3126 Twenty-first st. _______
WAITRESS: must be stead) and good worker;
$3 50 and board. Apply 195 Tenth st.
GIRL 13 to 16 to assist In housework. 3520
Twenty-third St.. near Valencia.
EXPERIENCED piano player for private class
in dancing. Box 396, Call office.
GIRL for light housework, plain cooking; sleep
at home. 230 C Twelfth st. »
WOMAN to take full charge of infant 2 months
old: state wages. Box 399, Call office.
WOMAN % from 20 to 30 to assist in housework
and children. 744 Ellis st.
WANTED by physician, a competent woman
about 30: references. Box 401. Call.
GIRL wanted for upstairs work and children:
references required; wages $15. 2420 Van
Ness aye. _^
YOUNG lady, not over 20. to sell cosmetics la
the country; good salary. Apply between
10 and 12 a. m.. 40 Geary St.
WANTED — Experienced operators on ladies"
wrappers. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers; also apprentices on
custom coats. 541 Market st.
FOR city; lady or gentleman: good profits;
also agent every county. Rm 4. 40S Cal. St.
GIRL about IS to assist with general house-
work and children; $8. Box 3SS. Call.
WANTED— GirI between 15 and 16 to assist In
housework and mind baby. 515 Gough st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
HELP WANTED MALE.
GARDENER, private family, see boss here. $28
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
CARPENTER, $45 and found, for a large com-
pany; man to take charge of a toolhouse. city,
$1 50 day. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
4 COOKS. $30 to $40 Walters. $25 and $20
Porter and runner, country hotel. $20 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 3848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY
Gardener, vegetable and orchard hand, $30
and found
2 grafters for a vineyard $26 and found
184 woodchoppers $125 and $1 cord
97 tiemakers 9c. 10c and 12c each
3 more rockmen for a large company; stable-
man. $25 and found; 2 boys to learn trade.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTER for mine who understands tim-
bering, $2 75 to $3 a day; 3 barkers and 3
crossout sawyers, $30 and $26 and board;
American man and wife for private place,
$50; American man about place, $30. R. T.
WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
DAIRY farm of 300 acres to lease on shares;
near Berkeley; 20 milch cows and all farming
land and appliances. R. T. WARD & CO.,
60S Clay st.
HEAD . and second cook, meat and pastry,
country' hotel, half fare paid, $100; second
cook, $35; short order cook, $9 a week.
Washer, $30: Ironer, $25; hanger up, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
STRONG man to handle rock on a barge, $1 25
and board a day; painter, $2 50 a day; graf-
ter $1 25 and board a day; German vegetable
gardener, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
WANTED — First-class German restaurant
cook: broiler. $30; waiter for Nevada: res-
taurant waiters, city, $10 week; waiter and
bedmaker, $15 to $20 and found, and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— 3 single hand miners; first-class
American farmer; 5 laborers. $1 a day end
board, and ethers. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
6 CO.. 628 Sacramento at,
WANTED Shirt ironer, country hotel, $30;
ironer, city, $25; second butler, $30, etc. AN-
DRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
| BUTLER. $40 per month. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
CHIEF cook, $65; second. $40: third, $25; coun-
try hotel. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny.
! BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
I m't. H. .Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Man who has had experience in
filling orders and packing goods in a whole-
sale grocery or tea and coffee house. Box
490, Call of Act.
SEAMEN— Green hands; 2 cabin boys for steam
whalers. 10 Steuart St.. upstairs.
WANTED— 2O first-class barbers. 212 Third St.;
call at 10 o'clock.
FIRST-CLASS barber; none other need apply.
1152 Franklin St., Oakland; upstairs.
BARBER wanted; call early; steady place.
i::iV Third st.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. 1423 Dupont st.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted: wages $7 per"
week and found. Apply Call office.
EXPERIENCED tea and coffee man: country
route; liberal start; state exp. Box 260. Call.
FIRST-CLASS presser on custom coats. 541
Market st.
PRACTICAL job printer to partly solicit. 344
McAllister st.
WANTED— coatmakera for ladles'
tailoring. COHN, 332 Sutter st.
BOY to learn underpresslng on custom pants.
541 Market st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. United States navy: able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
and 6 feet In height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis at..
San Francisco. Cal.
Pi pemakers; 10 first-class round
seamers; none but experienced men need ap-
ply. .T. D. HOOKER CO.. factory 202 Rail-
road St., Los Angeles.
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 30; new shoes,
slightly damaged, one-half price. -562 Mission
St., bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
run's Denver House. 217 Third st.: ISO largs
rooms, 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
SALESMAN, city and country; staple goods;
factory to consumer. Call 1171 Mission at.HELP W vXTLD-Contlnned. ;
m FIRST-CLASS cabinet maker and t'.rst-c'.ass i
-. sneper and sticker hand. FINK _: SCHIND-
_iLER^I>O9 Market st. j
18. With "Sperienc? in carriage~"bT_^ir i
smithing, with good chance to work on forge, i
&-S Harrison st.
°r T ce_. our »J h , oes half-soled i while "waiting 35c !
to Nte. 662 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SEAMEN— Green hands for steam whalers: no i
experience required. 10 Steuart st.. upstairs.
THE genuine misfit. 272 Fifth st. ; $30 1 and $49 <
W~UI-i at your own price;, per: ect •-.-. guarnt'd.
CLEAN, cozy, comfortable and convenient. Tha
Phlladelphia. 421 Bush St.. opp. California
Theater; always open; transients; nuf <■<■ 1
KHOBSON" House, 4:7 Kearny— Rooms from J5 C
to . r oc: $1 to S3 per week.
20 MEN to g.> on whaling cruise; no expert-
gence, required. HERMAN'S. 26 steuart st
WANTED — 21 pick and shovel m-in at Broad-
way and Dev.sadero st.
WAN TED At Montana House. 764% Mission
St.. men to takey-.oms. Ijc, 15c . .1 150 per
night: r.Oc, 90c and SI per week.
WANTED— Men to '.earn the barber trade for
_$3_at 1542 Market st.
MEN" and women to learn barber trade at 8. F.
Barber College, 13^% Eight! St.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
Lir.dell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
SEATTLE House. 106% Third — Furnished
rooms. 25c to s lky day; $1 25 to $3 week.
MENS fine calf shoes to order. $2 5.0; men's
soleirtg. S6c; only one price. 023 Howard st.
SIN' rocms. Ise. 20c, 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $: 5.0 per wk. Elcho House. 563% Market st.
SAILORS nnd ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis st., near Jaokson.
"WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox [lection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large sunny and airy
roem. 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TV ' Acme House. 557 Market st.. b»!ow Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WTN'-HESTER House, 44 Third st . n»a- Mir
ket: 200 rooms, 25c night: reading room: free
"tvs and baggag" to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 psges. sent to any address In the
United States or Canada ona year for 81,
postage raid.
AGENTS "WANTED.
AGENTS wanted for Handy Harness Machine:
hest little seller out; everybody wants it; big
money made; territory or counties assigned.
Stßte agency. 5.* Third st.
"WANTED— MaIe or female agents well ac-
quainted in the city: big money to right par-
ties. Apply between 10 a. m. and 12 m. and
3 and 4 p. "m., room 19. 40 Ellis st.
AGENTS where; new. dresscutting sys-
tem: big profits. J. G.. box 567. Call office.
AGENTS wanted to take orders for best sell-
ing goods on the market. Call 5."i2 Washington
St.. rooms 4<i and 43; J. JOHNSON & CO.
CITY snd country. to sell Leather Lustre; best
25c article on earth. BROWN. 332 Bush st.
BE wise and get in while the proposition Is
r.ew and make good money. .■- Seventh St.
PARTNERS WANTED.
$200— PARTNER wanted In a patent. J. C.
WATER-STREET. 1037 Post st.
HOl>_S WANTED.
UNFURNISHED cottage wanted: 5 or 6 rooms,
bat'n. Snn Rafael or Alameda: rent low; good
loestlon. ■-.--• -v -.-. Call office
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms for house-
.-.----.■ '-..■-- 526 Turk st.
"WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— GoM. heavy horse fnr his keep-
ing: privilege of buying. Box 4 r^i. C"afl office.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
18- ROOM HOUSE -
CASH: BAL 810 PEP. MONTH.
10-room house; new furniture $450
15-room bouse; good and paying 275
6-ri:rri flat; cheap rent 175;
6-room fiat: down town 30)
""-room house; new furniture
60-TDom corner house; clears $350 2000]
2?-T.cm house; clears Sl5' 1 550
. 46 r corns; corner: clears $250 .1500
' 10 rooms: near City Hall; very good 450
15 rooms; fine sunny corner: clears 3100-. 500 j
12 rooms on Marke-.; ex?, for large house. 500 |
?S rooms; best cor. in city: owner sick.'V.22oo
IS rooms; rent X (transient); half cash. .loso
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE
call on H. C. DECKER. IC2O Market st.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT
WE DESIRE -.TO CALL THE ATTENTION |
OF OUR FRIENDS AND THE PUBLIC THAT ;
WE HAVE MOVED TO 1026 MARKET ST..
OVER WONDER MILLINERY TORE. R. j
H WINSTON & CO. . ;
IS rooms; cheap rent; new: bargain $ 350 ,
22 rooms: rent $30; give away 800
£5 rooms; corner: A No. 1 22" "i I
2S rp<->rns; rent $«"•: investigate ROO I
40 rooms; will trade: corner 2500
60 rocms. rent $50: only S5O ;
$'000 TO LOAN ON FURNITURE AT 2. i
PER TENT. R. H. WINSTON & CO.. K'26 ;
MARKET ST. . I
A— KREI & CO. --T Geary
Money advanced on all houses.
46 rooms: Market st. : clears 8150 $1500 |
35 rooms: south of Market; transient — 1100 |
28 rooms; housekeeping; clears $100 500
24 rooms; Geary, near Plaza 800
22 rooms: Market; always full 1200
18 rooms; Third st.: clears $75 — 550
17 rooms: Stockton: new- and good . 1150
11 rooms: nicely furnished: ciears 830 200 :
? rooms; elegant home; all new 600
15 rooms; flat; cheap rent .....500
Ca!L and get list KREDO.
$$00— 75 ROOMS; corner house; 40 rooms: fur-
nTshed; cheap rent; $100 a month profit.
$1250 — Buys a 24-room corner house.
$350— 5130 down; 12-rocm hnuse: bargain.
Money loaned on furniture. EITEL. 1016 Mkt ;
$" R-" 606 PhotwelL.Sll .3 rooms: 650 Jessie. .$lO
8 rooms; 522 Fe!l..sl2;i rms.; 250 Tehama. 8 :
4 rooms; 177 Russ. s:4 rms.: 232 Natoma. 10
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
2A V .CAN'T rooms at 15 Powell st. Apply to
A. M. SPECK &. CO., €67 Market st. I
NOTICE — 200 lodging houses for sale cheap; I
part cash. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
C D. DAVIS .v CO. have three buyers for good-
paying lodging houses: list your place if you
want to sell -it. C4'3 Market st.
A BARGAIN— 9 furnished rooms; good, steady j
roomers: must sell; going Kast. 253 Ste- .
venson st. I
LODGING house in Stockton: 30 rooms; a bar-
gain. S. J. Kinney. 32S Main. Stockton. Cal.
JSF.O—Barjraln; to rooms and bath: elegantly
furnished: all rented. 770 O'Farrell; 12 to 3.
$175— 81G bargain; 7 rooms; good furniture. 507
Jones st. ___________________
KIRXITIRE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $45 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
I DENTISTS. -~~----
r~S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors.
Emma eckeis bldg , 927 Market st.
linless extraction a specialty; inferior
k done on the teeth is always the most
snslve; badly decayed and aching teeth
carefully treat before they are filled or
vned; pure gold filling from $1: plater, j
1 $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth I
iout pain. Best materials used only. .
ie ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar- j
• St., corner Fourth, room 7, Flood building,
*. an have your extractions done pain- |
y; teeth without plates our specialty: gold |
■: wns, S3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 SO
office hours. 9a. in. to 10 p. m. : Sunday,
2 p. m." G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.,
lager. ; '-;
A~ FULL set .if teeth. S5: ser new flexible j
plates: light and thin: guaranteed 10 years: .
teeth without piates, crown and bridge work :
our specialty: fillings. 50c: crowns. S3 50: all I
work painlessly and warranted. Chicago Den-
tai Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DP. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.. ex- {
tracts and rills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prises: n; students: guarantee I 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty: full set of
teeth, -3": crowns. $3; fillings. '•'«■. all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors. S Mason st., corner of Market.
VAN' VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
-v.-rfc; lowest prices; ten operators: ..pen
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work ."id fillings a
spec.alty; all work reasonable: gas given.
SET i.f -. . -; without a plate. DR. H. G.
- YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
|
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction
trj.-irntd. N. Y. Dentists, '-•<"/■ Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS D»ntal Parlors. 235 Kearny; set of teeth
84; ruling, gold. 50c: silver. 25c; crowns, $3.
TVPEWK ITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used, for tie cheap: xend for samples and
prices.- ALEXANDER & CO., 11 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25? .'all-raph. ?15; Yost, $25;
get sample work. SCOTT. 233 Montgomery st. ;
STOL AGE.
(M I ER*CE- RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post st.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing,' advances, etc. 735 Market; let. Black 311.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
- 8825— CIGAR stand. Stockton and Market sts.
| WILKE _ UNFUG. 906 Market st.
i $350 — Corner saloon; Battery and Sacramento
j sts. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
| $300— BRANCH bakery with 4 living rooms;
i rent $20; on McAllister st. daily receipts.
! ,810. A II.KE „ UNFUG. 906 Market st. __
I $1000— SALOON with 9 furnished rooms;' estab-
j lished many years; always been money-mak-
i ing place; best location; close to California on
i Kearny st. ; rent low. Particulars WILKE &
j FI"G. 808 Market st.
! A— S2OOO— BAKERY; Western Addition; kept by
owner for 15 years; -3 wagons, 6 horses; bak-
! ing 7 barrels per day:. owner compelled by
sickness to retire. Particulars WILKE &
UNFUG, 906 Market St. -
A— $17.-'- SALOON on Stockton and Market sts. ;
established many years and first-class; pay-
ing: 3 years' lease; an excellent opening:
sickness cause of sale. WILKE Si UNFL'G,
906 Market st. •
A— sl2oo; ATTENTION, doctors! A private dis-
pensary and gallery of anatomy with museum
of wax figures; established many years; the
1 test paying in California: diseases of men ex-
clusively; receipts of 1888. $4131; proprietor to
i retl.e to private life. Particular- \\ ILKL &
UNFUG, fe* Market st.
A-$1500: CORNER grocery and bar on Post st.
: established years and doing a good cash store
and bar business: fullest investigation solic-
ited; owner to engage in commission busi-
ness. Call on WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market.
! $4500— GROCERY (no bar); best part north
I Market st. ; value In stock; all saleable and
first class; strictly cash business; best class
' trade: receipts from $60 to $80 daily: reason-
; abie rent, thorough investigation Invited;
I owner has country property needing atten-
; tion: [Ualed bargain. M. LESS, i6S Mas.
j $1700— SALOON: good location: 30 rooms; all oc-
! cupied . big bar trade, value in sight; business
! speaks for Itself; actually worth $3000; trial
| given; nothing ''an beat this LESS, 160 Mkt.
i WANTED- -A man with small capital capable
! or" doing plain office work; best business of
; its kind in city; trial. M LESS. 765 Market.
1 $iooo--BAZAAR, stationery and notion bust-
ne-is- good part north of Market St.; living
I rooms; rent only $20; full value in stock and
! fixtures; laying concern; proof: seller there 9
i years; sickness in family cause of sale. M-
LESS 765 Market st.
$2000-^6O ACRES improved first-class fruit and
i grain land; best county of State; actually
worth $3500: satisfactory reasons for sale.
! LESS. 76". Market st.
' $200— PARTNER. light business; $18 a week; no
! experience required; trial given; see it. West-
ern Investment Co.. 9 Geary st. ________
< $Ssft— PARTNER: great investment; $30 day
■ trade. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
I $1700— PARTNER, livery business; office work:
I $300 a month clear; value in stock. Western
Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
i $300— SMALL business for lady; good living.
Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
i $450— SALOON"; SS clear a day; sickness. West-
' crn Investment Co.. 9 Geary St.
j $550— GROCERY and bar: I snap; sickness.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary St.
j $35"— RESTAURANT: high class trade: good lo-
cation; sell on account of death. Western In-
I vestment Co.. 9 Geary st.
IWE buy, sail or exchange business of any
kind. Apply National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
j RESTAURANTS, branch bakery, lodging
i houses, saloons and cigar stores in all parts
i of city; all prices. NATIONAL AGENCY. 7
j Grant aye.
WANTED— sober man to take one-
third interest in law and collection office;
| large profits: small capital: no fake; no ex-
perience. Apply National Ag'cy, 7 Grant aye.
$350— COAL and wood yard, good horse and
j wag.,-.. NATIONAL AGENCY, 7 Grant a', c.
1 IF you want to buy, sell or exchange prop-
I erty- or business of any kind see JONES &
LAWN, 711. Market St., for square dealing.
SALOONS. $150 up; cigar stores, $175 up; gro-
ceries. 8250 up: delicatessens. $150 up; lodging
houses, all sizes, all prices; ranches, etc.. for
| exchange. JONES & LAWN. 718 Market st.
I HALF interest in good-paying business;
$7."> per mo. each. 1057. Market St.
| RESTAURANT: fine business $500
restaurant; doing good business 150
Pacific Business Exchange, 1055 Market st.
! FOR business chances, rooming-houses, city
! and ccuntrv real estate, bonds, stocks, loans,
! etc.. call on CLARK & CO., room 509, Ex-
| aminer building.
i TO buy sell or exchange city and country
j property see HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market.
! $4000— FIRST-CLASS hotel: fine furniture; good
business; thriving town; owner other busi-
ness; must sell. JONES A- CO., 883 Market.
BEST opportunity for an educated Christian
business man to engage in light, clean, strict-
ly temperate enterprise; capital required. $2500
to $3000; ■ a success wherever started; no
agents. Bos 336. Call office. ■
$350— FOR Wholesale district: nicely fit-
ted up saloon, with lunch kitchen: half cash;
rest on easy terms. Box 261, ("all office.
WANTED— A go.d paying restaurant, also
country hotel, branch bakery and grocery.
Tall at 1016 Market st., room 1.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO., 1005% Market st -
GENERAL merchandise store: fine location.
Address postoffice box 71, Vacavllle, CaU^
■WANTED— SaIoon; must be good location.
Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st,
CIGAR store for sale. 41 Fourth st.
BUTCHER shop; good location: cash business;
sickness cause for selling. Box 395, CalK
INVESTORS and speculators can be materially
assisted by paying a visit to J. S. PCRDY'S
brokerage office, 45 Sutter st., opposite Oc-.
cidental Hotel; the latest new York and
Chicago markets. .
AN exceptional opportunity Is offered to good
business man to secure interest in established,
paving business; salaried position; references
and investigation. Box 333. Call office. .
WANTED— Business or half interest by young
man with some business experience and small
capital; must bear strict investigation; no
agents. Box 347, Call office.
GOLD in California— Every person having $10
cash and can pay $10 month for four months
can secure Income of $S0 monthly, $960 per
year. Address box 367, ''ail office.
$1200— PARTNER wanted in established liquor
store; fine outside trade: good location; cheap
rent; big stock on hand; no agents. Box
346. rail office.
' FLORIST and nursery stock: greenhouse and
| heating apparatus; doing business of $15 to
$25 a day; Selling on account of sickness.
j Particulars at 500 Haight St.; no agents.
$123 — DRESSMAKING, cigars, stationery,
laundry office: suitable for branch bakery.
BOX 177.". Call office.
SPLENDID opportunity; one of the best known
businesses in Alameda: established 14 years:
well paying; for sale Address box 440, Call.
FOR sale— A I paying route on this paper.
For particulars call or address 219 Liberty st.
SALOON Inquite Anchor Brewery after 3
p. m _
BAKERY doing cash store trade $16 per day;
investigate. Box 351, Call office. ,
BARBER shop in Oakland for sale; reasonable.
Address box 922, Call office, Oakland.
BARGAIN— 2-chair barber shop; must be sold
at once. 1203 Valencia st.
RESTAURANT. Sixth St.; established 10 years;
good business; $600. Apply Call office.
FOR sale— fine-paying stationery store; good-
location. Apply at 321 S,".nsome st.
WELL-PAYING branch bakery, grocery and
coffee saloon for sale. 965 Mission st.. nr. 6th.
SHOE shop that will ray $3 50 per day; no
cheap work; low rent. 332 Bush st.
HAY, grain, wood and coal business: on ac-
count of sickness: all for $275. Box 215, Call.
JsoO— RESTAURANT for sale on account of
leaving City; a snap. 313 O'Farrell st.
BEEF- saloon; your own price; giving up busi-
ness. 650 Sacramento St.. corner Kearny.
RESTURANT; good location; cheap; fine fix-
tures: value in sight. Apply Call office.
$40— BARGAIN; 2-chalr barber shop; doing
good business. 621 Sacramento st.
WELL-ESTABLiSHED carriage, wagon wood-
working business: fine shop. 332 Thirteenth.
RELIABLE, profitable business for small capi-
tal. Harmonic Life Institute, 226 Powell St.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. i
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento St.
~ ALASKA ENTERPRISES^
WANTED— Commercial loan of $3000; same to
be Invested In safe mercantile business in j
city by a person fully capable and thor- ■
oughly acquainted In his line; security; 20- |
year tontine life insurance policy; non-for-
feiture; old line company; for $6000; on which
8 years paid to date; rate 6 per cent; investl- j
gate. Address A. P., box 387, Call office.
_-_ ' ••". _ .___ j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, par. Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorce law; private; estates. .1
B. EVANS, 14 McAllister, nr. Hibernla Bank.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 027
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; divorce law: costs advanced In
good cases ROSS. 1236 Market St.. room 127.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 827 Market st
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 10, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
' SUNNY flat, 6 rooms and bath; large lower
part can be used for most anything; 1 horse
stalls; rent very low; owner obliged to move
on account of other business. Apply at prem-
ises, 2313 Mason st. "
ELLIS, 1438— Sunny six rooms and bath; rent
$21. ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgom-
ery st. ' ■-
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3122, corner Harrison— Pleas-
ant sunny 4-room house, facing Garfield Sq.;
large yard; rent reduced to $12; water free.
HOUSE. 322 Oak St.; 8 rooms; newly renovated;
porcelain bath: large cellar.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get j
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
J 10-ROOM house, well furnished. Western Ad-
dition. Apply SAUNDERS, 938 Geary st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms; lot 2Sx7O; cheap. "Church
lane, near Sixteenth. ;; -.-' ; v
SUNNY" cottages of 5 rooms: also flat. 6 rooms,
bath: cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., nr. Dolores.
J $661-' WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage:
will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder. 521
X St., Sunset District.
KLATS TO LET.
HOUSES^ f FLATS.
1220 Laguna; 8 r... 12328 Fillmore: 6 r....525
1222 Buchanan; 7 r. 35:3033 California; 6 r... 80
j HIS Guerrero; 10 r. 40:1609 Turk; 8 r ....... 18
542 Howard; 6 r. . . 20! 41 Hill; 5 r 17
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
8072 TWENTY-THIRD St., near Castro; upper
; sunny 5 rooms; 815.
597 Noe st., corner Nineteenth; upper 5 rooms;
i 817.
! 599 Nee St., corner Nineteenth: lower 4 rooms; j
' $13.
47 Pond st.; upper sunny 5 rooms; $14.
AN elegant upper 7-room flat, bath, laundry.
| sanitary plumbing; sunny side: S a. m. to 2
p. m. 718 A Bush st.
CLAY. 1415 A, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde —
First-class sunny flat, 8 rooms and bath; ex-
tra room in basement: rent reduced very low.
FLAT to let. with latest modern improve-
ments; 112 Carl st., bet. Cole and Stanyan,
near University; rent $18. ,_
MCALLISTER, 1721—7 rooms and bath; all
modern conveniences; rent $25. ASHTON &
GARDINER. 411 Montgomery St.
NEAR Mechanics' Pavilion— Fine top flat. 4
j sunny rooms. 60 Ivy aye.
NEW sunny flat, 6 rooms, laundry and bath;
frescoed ceilings: fine view; $15. 374S Twen-
ty-second si near Castro; water free.
OUR rent department gets to your home: get i
printed list of fiats from BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL, 10 Montgomery St.
$13— LOWER flat. 5 rooms; bath; big yard.
2578 Clementina st^
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLEMENTINA, Front housekeeping, bath
and laundry, $7 up. /
EDDY. 207— One large pleasant front room;
complete for housekeepnig; also single rooms,
EDDY. 743— Connecting housekeeping rooms,
upper or lower floor: also single sunny room.
EDDY, 917— Two sunny connecting housekeep-
ing rooms; every convenience; private resi-
dence.
FIFTH, 153 1 .— Room furnished complete for
I hkpg; running water; other rms; quiet house.
FIFTH. 322—2 sunny front connecting house-
keeping rooms, complete: bath; private; $10.
LSI 'M. 883 — 2 large gunny housekeeping
rooms, with yard: furnished complete.
FOURTH, 225— Nice large rooms for light
housekeeping; also single.
HOWARD, 761%— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window suite; kitchen: man and wife.
'WARD. 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms: rent reasonable.
'' JONES, 117— Neatly furnished sunny suite for
j housekeeping; also single rooms. $12 and $>.
i JONES. 507—3 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; gas; large yard; $15.
j METCALF place. 1. bet. Mason and Taylor—
4 rooms for housekeeping: unfurnished.
MINNA. ill'- Furnished bay-window house-
keeping room. $1 50 and $1 25 week.
MINNA. 871, near Fifth— Large sunny base-
ment room; water, stove, closets; private
family.
MISSION. 174" sunny front suites, $10; stove.
water; also single rooms.
! MISSION, 1125%— Large front room, nicely fur-
! nlshed; good cookstove: cheap.
1 NINTH, 20. near Market— Front bay-window
suite. $12: single: stove; water; gas.
I NATOMA, 739, near Ninth— Single or house-
keeping rooms; sunny.
OAK, 31—1, '- and 3 housekeeping rooms; front
! room; gas range; water; bath.
I OCTAVIA. 411, near Hayes -Two sunny rooms
suitable for gentleman or very light house-
keeping. $3 50 and $4
OCTAVIA. 1403, cor. Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow, mantel, folding bed; bay-window, water,
double bed. ;-■-■ '-:'
; SIXTH 216' Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms'; light housekeeping & sing.; rent reas.
SIXTH 420— Sunny front housekeeping rooms;
running water, bath, etc.; also single; reas.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping: rent cheap.
TEHAMA, 62, near Second— part of
house. 3 large rms and closets; good order; $9.
THIRD, 340— One sunny room complete for
housekeeping; rent $6.
TURK, 543—2 front connecting rooms complete
for housekeeping; gas; bath; 315.
TWELFTH. 23"< ' — 2 front rooms: house-
| keeping; use of gas stove; private fan y-__
VAN NESS AYE.. Very desirable well
furnished sunny front rooms; kitchen; gas
stoves. ._
VAN NESS AYE . 21- A front sunny suite of
3 rooms; kitchen; gas, range; bath.
WASHINGTON, 620— Housekeeping rooms, new-
ly papered. $5 per month.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
j ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.- Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
I in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 14 A Geary— Double bed. hair mattress; run-
ning water; $1 50 a week.
A— SUTTER, 717. 831— Sunny, choice, reason-
able; appreciated if seen; please Investigate.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk.. $1 50 to
$3; single, 11 to $1 50; night. 25c to 60c.
AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza, day or month.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
HUSH, 534, The La Mar -Newly furnished
sunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable.
EDDY, 118— Sunny front rooms, $7 to $15 per
month; others, $6 upward.
GEARY, 622— Large bay-window front sunny
room; modern conveniences; also one small.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 503—3 furnished rooms;
double or single; gas and bath.
GOLDEN GATE. 1050—1 large sunny, well-
furpished room ; free telephone.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates: families.
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission— family
rooming-house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 754%. near Fourth— fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 a week. « ■*.
HAVES, 181 - Three or four sunny unfurnished
rooms; with or without range.
HOWARD. 948— A sunny bay-window suite, or
will rent separate.
NATOMA. 282, near Fourth— 2 unfurnished
rooms; rent $6.
MCALLISTER. 519— Newly furnished sunny
rooms, $6, $8 and $10; board If desired."
MISSION, 1520— Furnished room in private fam-
ily, $8; with use of piano.
NATOMA, 606— furnished room, $6 per
month; and one small. $1 per week.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day., week or month.
O'FARRELL, 416 Nice sunny rooms by the
day, week or month. ■
O'FARRELL, '02, Jones, Changed hands;
newly furnished sunny single or en suite, $6
per month up. _____
O'FARRELL. 750—1 large room suitable for 2;
also 1 single room; in private family.
PINE. 514 A, near Kearny— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite: $5 up.
POST 239— Elegant sunny corner rooms; all
conveniences; families and gentlemen; tran-
sient. ■ '_
SACRAMENTO, 1621— Furnished back parlor
for 1 or 2; reasonable; private family.
SEVENTH. 192 iGlrard House)— Sunny rooms;
reasonable: also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st,
j near Furnished and unfurnished.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
THIRTEENTH. 405, cor. Valencia— Nicely fur-
nished front room; -closet, bath, tel.; rent it.
SUTTER. 884— Furbished parlor suite; adapted
to physician or dentist; other rooms.
TURK, 132— Two large sunny : rooms.
TURK M*-Niceiy furnished sunny room; gas,
bath; very desirable; $1 50 Per week.
VAN NESS aye.. 818— Single * en suite; bath,
gas, etc. ; sunny corner.
— — _
VAN NESS. 794— Sunny front room.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
Fl^RSTT^lis^wea^lEir"priv"ate boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount. 1714 Market— new
furniture; first-class In every respect: table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 month up.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suites and
single; bath connecting; board optional.
HYDE Large sunny rooms, with excel-
lent board: families solicited: reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; reasonable: table board.
RESTAURANTS.
CAMPUS Restaurant: any 2 18c dishes, with
small coffee. 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to S
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
cream purler. 1035 Market : popular prices.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
CHILDREN boarded in country; good home;
mother's care; Pleasanton. Address box 9SB,
Call office. ' _
STORES TO LET.
CORNER 'saloon to let on Sixth st; occupied
by one tenant for twenty years. Apply to
C. S. CAPP & CO., real estate agents. 630
Market st.
LARGE well lighted basement underneath Ger-
man Methodist Church: suitable for kinder-
garten school or store room. 86SB Folsom.
MARKET, 1208— Sunny corner, suitable for
offices; also furnished rooms.
EIGHTH 132. cor. Natoma— New building, cor-
ner store; suitable for grocery and bar.
—————— ———MM^"^~j~^ M ~*~~"*'l
OFFICES TO - LET.
OfIFiCES,"! lights and t sunny. Emma Spreckels
building. 927 Market st. : rent $12 50. • Includ-
ing light, .heat. Janitor and telephone. ASH-
TON & GARDINER, room 210.
POWELL, 143— Sunny suite of offices occupied
by doctor in last 6 years: furnished.
____-_-_— _^_
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free, sittings, 31. 232 Stockton st.
MRS HARLAND'S circle to-night: tests: seal-
ed letters read; c' : sittings daily. 120 Sixth.
C V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance;
•8 p. m. : 25 cents. 409 Leavenworth Ft.
MRS ELLIS tests to all: Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m.;
Mon.. S; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. 13. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 31". O'Farrell.
MRS MEN" A FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium 118 Ha'ght st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
! MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladles, 50c; gents, $1; sit.. 81 50. 128 Turk.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 1038 Mission
st. ; downstairs.
MME. AUGUST- 1150 Mission st.: clairvoyant j
and palmist; truth or no pay; 28c.
MME. LENEMAR, 472 Stevenson, cor. 6th; for-
tunes by planets; predicted 1874 overdue stmr.
GYPSY life reader gives true readings: ladies.
25c; gents, 50c. 1063 Mission St.. near Seventh.
: BLANCHE DE CHAFEl_LE— Clairvoyant and j
i card reading. 417 Bush, rooms 9 and 10.
' CLAIRVOYANT,' card reader: 10c: ladies only.
543 Natoma st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME HANSON, palmist and card reader:
past, present and future; 25c. 158% sth. r. 21.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny St.. rooms 8 and 10.
MME MOREAU. "he best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
MMF.7 RAVENA reads life fluently; business )
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. BYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell St. j
PREDICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
PROF. MONROE. 777 Market st. future
events. 60c; advice, all questions: satisfaction. j
_ . __________
PALMISTRY.
MME NEERGAARD. pupil Count St. Ger-
maine, 33SS Twenty-first St., above Valencia;
tel. White 1571; reading by mall. $1.
SUPERFLUOUS ii.MR
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
- electrolysis. MRS DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
St.; 15 years' experience; references given.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for 36
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
pate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos .'or $3. $4 and i
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. ,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter I
its . San Francisco, and Thirteenth and |
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago la KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 23 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every- j
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. '. : . ' |
A FEW gilt edge bargains— Weber, walnut
case, upright, bargain: Knabe, good as new.
upright, rosewood; Chickerlng, used three
months, upright, mahogany: guaranteed five
years: easy payments. BEN J. CURTAZ &
SON, 16 O'Farrell St.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day: please examine 216 McAllister st.
THE best bargain in the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
BARGAIN In fine upright piano at room 16,
1021 Van Ness aye.
NEW pianos, stool and scarf, $3 per mo. rental.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up: Installments, $5 75 up;
rents 33 50 up /allpwed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 18
McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAFZY. Sole Agent, 308 Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mau zy. 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 80 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MET. LER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
cart*, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
—-t~~* a—-—-— -—-—-—-i i
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
CA^T^^SUL3^S^d3IKI2S^^ ~~ ~~
Shaw rubber tire; Fraaier pneumatic and
steel tire road carts; 2 village carts, almost
new, cheap. O'BRIEN'S, 500 Golden Gate ay.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons: 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses 1140 Folsom st.
CArtPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st.: telephone South 250.
WHEN you. become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J M. QUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3e.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St. : tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
___________
PHYSICIAHS.
MRS. DRS. DONOVAN. 621 Hayes St.; all
kinds of womb trouble a specialty; diseases
of the eye treated by herbs.
REMOVAL notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. office
and residence, 1021% Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
PERSONALS.
LINCOLN BROS.
Sell 2 lbs coffee, 25c: 10 lbs beans, 25c; corn-
meal. 20c sack; oatmeal. 35c sack; sugar-
cured hams, Ho lb: 20 lbs rice: $1; 12 cans
corn, $1; 13 cans tomatoes, 81; 10 cans tuble
fruit, $1; 10 cans baked beans, »1; 20 cans
sardines, $1; 1" cans oysters. $1: 7 cans best
jelly, $1; 2". lbs prunes, $1; 18 lbs granulated
sugar. $1; flour. 85c sack. LINCOLN BROS..
Cash Grocers, 226 Sixth st.. above Folsom.
CLOTHING,, especially ladles" and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
BRER'S Qulnonla, the best hair tonic. is
Without a rival: costs but little: only 35c bot-
tle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
I DO the most fashionable halrdressing in town
•for 35c only; hair rolls. 35c: good switches, $1;
fine, $2 50. LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo, 5c
pkg. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN" I. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. Law a Sjiecialty.
San Francisco. i.'al. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. near Market: 300 rooms;
2.V to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st . Alameda.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife: no in-
jection. Gurntd. Dr. Gordin. 514 Pine, ab. Kearny.
DR. F. YON BUELOW has removed from 822
Valencia to 1206 Market st.. rooms 9 and 10.
WRINKLES positively removed at Harmonic
Life Institute. 236 Powell st.; test free.
BATHS 1 ■ SO porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladies; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
FOLDING beds $8 50: bedrm sets $8: bed loung-
es $-1 50; open evs L. 3- NEUMANN, 121 6th.
Ladies' or gent's clothing. furniture. bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
jV-CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, M Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, milli-
nery; patterns cut. McDowell Sch.. 103 Post.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed,
without injury to health, or money refunded
by MRS. DR. GWYER, 51" Eddy St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin: office hours, 10 to 12. 2 to 4
and 7 to 8; Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments used; self cure, $5:
home In confinement: skillful medical atten-
tion;, all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where- hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 916 Post st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
ALL ladies- C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated: no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M DAVIES. 1223 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or instruments j
used; consultation free: traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure. $5: by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physicians for 37 years: see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS., 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never fails to
cure: consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write, 1023% Market st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation tree and strictly confi-
dential; hours. 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL. 1122 Market bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics:
latest methods: strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well-known: reliable, safe and sure: cure In
24 hours guaranteed: any time: maternity
home: best medical attendance: pills, $1; cure
$5. 1362 Market St.. bet. 7th-Bth, tel Mint 1633.
ALL married ladies know "?e guro ." the. great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
St.: $1 SO Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 631 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: sare cure: $2 50;
expressed C O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
BUCKEYE capsules, a boon to married ladies:
harmless, safe, sure; $1 box; sample box 25c.
Buckeye Co., Station M, San Francisco, Cai.
DR. WONG HIM. her!, doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
PRIVATE home in confinement; best refs.:
1540% Howard: Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
LADIES— Cure guaranteed for monthly trou-
bles: $5 up. DR. and MRS. WISE. 1118 Mkt.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
______ —
"lost.
LOST— In the neighborhood of Fillmore st..
or In this city, 2 weeks ago last Sunday, small
fox terrier bitch, long cars, black and tan
head, black spot on end of back: had on a
nickel collar. Liberal reward by returning
to 1620 Eddy st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of GEORGIE PECKHAM: No. 204-
-1339; the finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Between corner California St.. Market
Hnd ferry, master's certificate, F. E. MOR-
LEY. Reward Nautical Store. 8 Steuart St.
FOUND.
FOUND— GoId spectacles, marked 9-4.50. Box
1915. Call office.
FOUND— Brtndle greyhound bitch: white raws
and breast. Inquire 47 South Park.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. MC-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont at.
ENGLISH made hammerless shotgun and
various jewelry, cheap, to immediate pur-
chasers. L. 8.. box 352, Call office. :
Mercy Mineral Water Co., Oakland, Cal. ; natural
cure for female complaints, stomach, kidney,
liver, bowel disorders, rheumatism ;sampl; write.
A GENUINE Boss filled American watch. for
$8, worth $18. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FOR $1 will be sent to any address recipe for
mixing one of the best fire and waterproof
roofing paints ever used at a cost of less
than 10 cents per gallon. Address W. W
PIKE, box 217, Bar Mills. Buxton. Maine.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1028 Mission St..
above Sixth. "• .
GAS and gasoline engines; ; all sizes and
prices: second hand engines purchased and
exchanged. Dynamic Engine Co.. 503 Cal. St.
FULL bred St. Bernard dog for sale; 2 years
old; good watch dog and gentle. Call 2251
Mission st.
FOR sal*- Barber's heating stove: also grapho-
phi no and records. 515 Gough st.
A LAUNDRY plant complete; dryer, boiler, en-
gine, etc. WHITE'S, 516 Mission st.
SAFES— AII sizes new and second- hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 188 Beale St.
FIRST-CLASS Prentice screw cutting lathe; a
portable forge. Call at once 64S Mission st.
OVERSTOCK— St. Germain Billiard Co.: tables,
, saloon fixtures, beer pumps: rented. 408 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower. $100: 2, $125;
3, $160; 4, $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
LEATHER belting, lace leather, pump cups,
etc. Cai. Belt Co., 519 Mission st. : tel. Br. 331.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 100-ail Market. S. F.
SEWING MACHI..ES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 143 Sixth: Phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 203 Fourth st.
CITY KRAI. ESTATE..
NEW— of Chestnut and Leavenworth
sts.; 6 rooms, bath; marine view; street work
done; small cash payment; lot 27:6x110.
FLATS for sale on Pine st. Inquire of
J. H. GOLDMEYER. 676 Howard St.
VALENCIA St., near Twenty-second— Any size,
with double, frontage. ASHTON & GAR-
DINER. 411 Montgomery st.
FIFTH-ST corner; business property: sub-
stantial building; never vacant. ASHTON &
GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
- MISSION COTTAGES
Four, 5, 6 and S room houses on the sunny
side of Twentieth st., between Castro and
Noe; $2200 to $3200: small cash payment: bal- ;
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
$2600— FINE modern 7-room house; Twenty-
sixth st.; near cars. GEO. W. CHAPIN,
11 Montgomery st. '.3 ■;-. '.'■■'■ ".<■-
COUXTRY REAL ESTATE.
Offer chicken and duck ranch: 3
acres; house 8 rooms, barn, etc.: Glorietta,
8 miles from Oakland. CAPT. A. JENKINS.
North Temescal.
2 ACRES; small house of 3 rooms: barn: about
60 fruit trees; fine place for chicken ranch;
located about 2 1 . miles north of Haywards;
very cheap. ARMSTRONG, Real Estate
Agent, Haywards. :".'.:-:
A BARGAIN— acres of land; near school;
facing county road to San Jose. bet. Warm
Springs and Mllpitas; 3 acres vineyard, bal-
ance craln land; good 9-room house, barn.
well, windmill and tank. For further par-
ticulars call 425 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
MARIN Co.. 26 miles from S. f"— $40 to $80 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes: Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., rm. 27, Bth floor Mills bdlg.. S. F.
NEW rich land near city; small and large i
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St., S. F.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
hack in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-09 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos, in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1029 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at fi l i per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay, R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates: circu-
lar mailed to any address. R. GOULD, 131
Montgomery st, S. V.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st. ; tel. Main 1644.
BORROW money on indorsed paper or your
salary: small loans a specialty: any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO., cor. 3d and Jessie.
LOAN'S to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003 1 . Broadway,
Oakland; hours, 10 to 3. .. v
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; icw rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, ISO Powell st.
A— WHEN tired Of Other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister St.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO 160,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg.;
any- proposition. Dry den. 413 Montgomery St.
FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg.. chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Emamlner big.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry', geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math . cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL Theory' and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
teachers day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
ILL-MILLER college shorthand, typing;
Individual instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at fl~nres by noted expert
Mr. Tarr: day. eve. R.r..-. 572-6, Parrott bldg.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc. ; life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms: low rates: day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1230 Market st. --.:-:
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archt. ; day & eve. :
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PIANO, singing and elocution lessons. Mme.
Renfro and Miss M. Smitten. 1001 Sutter st-
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS WANTED.
PROFESSOR of music, use of room exchange
for piano lessons. C. R., Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. H. SCHELL^
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$2000— COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x150;
fine artesian well, windmill, etc. ; easy terms, i
$3100— Elegant new home, 8 rooms; lot 42x138;
Santa Clara aye. ; terms $400 cash, $2."i per mo.
— New Colonial cottage, 6 rooms; lot 42x
207; half block from station and high school;
terms $400 cash, $25 per month.
$3500— New house of S rooms: lot 40x130; fine
location; San Antonio aye.; Chestnut Station;
terms $500 cash. $25 per month.
A fine business corner, 23x82:6: store and flat
above: new and modern; must be sold; owner
going East.
Houses to let in all part? of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
BARGAINS.
Several 5 and 6 rooms cottages: small pay-
ment down: balance on time to suit; must
sell. A. R.. PENKE SR.. W ebster st. station.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FURNISHED cottage, 5 large rooms. Apply
at 1812 Willow st.. Alameda.
. BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
WE offer a good 8-room house and corner lot.
handy to cars and schools, for only $1800; $200
down and $15 monthly; we also sell beautiful
lots near the university for $600 ami upward;
only $100 down and easy installments. O. G.
MAY & CO.. 2123 Center st.
FOR sale— A very desirable home, on main
thoroughfare, close to East Berkeley station;
easy payments. Address, box 70. Berkeley.
For sale or rent. 11 acres adjoining University
grounds: good house, barn. etc. DR. S. M.
MOUSER. 7"7 Bush st,. San Francisco.
SAN RAFAEL HOUSES.
FOR Rent— Furnished house, 9 rooms and bath:
2 blocks from West End Station; stable and
outhouses', with large lot; some trees; $40 per
month for 4 months or more. J. TUNSTEAD,
San Rafael, Cal.
PROPOSALS.
TREASURY. Department, office supervising
architect. Washington, D. C, February 25,
1899.— Sealed proposals will be received at this
office until 2 o'clock p. m. on the 3iHh day of
March, 1899, and then opened, for all the
masonry work, roof covering, etc., for the
United States post office, courthouse, etc.,
building at San Francisco, Cal.. in accordance
with the drawings and specification, copies
of which may be obtained at this office or at
the office of the superintendent at San Fran-
cisco. Cal. JAMES KNOX TAYLOR. Super-
vising Architect.
~~. MABRIAGE^ICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Meyer Friedman and Ada Cohn 31-25
Isaac Leskard and Alice M. Henshall 41-27
Edward R. Brady and Gertrude E. Adams. 3l-23
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS, -
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of par-
sens authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COHN— In this city, March 5, 1899, to the wife
of .1. Cohn, a son.
HORN— In this city, March S. 1899, to the wife
of Joseph Horn, a daughter.
McDONOUGH— In. this city. March S. 1599. to
the wife of D. W. McDonough. a daughter.
MAYER— In Marysville. Cal., March 7. 1539. to
the wife of Ben Mayer, a daughter.
READ-In Coolgardie, West Australia. Febru-
ary 17, 1898, to the wife of H. Lawrence Rend,
a daughter.
RUBENSTEIN— In this city. March >, 1899. to
the wife of Charles Rubenstein. a daughter.
„ ____
MA-t-IIED.
GOODMAN— LONG— In this city, March 9. 1890,
by the Rev. John A B. Wtlson. D.D.. John
F. Goodman and Sarah Frankie Long, both or
San Francisco.
LEVY— GODEUS— In this city. March 8, 1899.
by the Rev. Dr. M. C. Harris. Kossuth C.
Levy and Clara Godeus, both of San Fran-
cisco. ■ : ". ;\
TALBOT— NELSON— In this city. March 9. 1899.
by the Rev-. John A. B. Wilson. D.D.. Thomas
.H. Talbot and Mrs Hannah Alaberta Nelson,
both of San Francisco.
WILLIAMS— HUG— In this city. March 5. ? 99,
•by the Rev. J. M Buehler, George W. "v\ ll-
liams and Fanny V. Hug.
___-
DIED.
Beadon. Amelia Gimbel, William
Blcknell. Bertie Johnson. Harold
Brown, George C. Kelly. Patrick
Brown. Nellie B. Lenz. Jacob
Buck, John McGllnchey, Annie
Eden, Benjamin McLaren Dr. P. M.
Elnselen. Ernst J. Macpherson. Charles
Faylor. Cintbella C, Pelton, Louisa D.
Fitzpatrick. Edward Rice. Edith E.
Fletcher. Hannah Sands, Mr*. Mary
Flannigan, Mar) Schreier. Carl
Flynn, James M Stasal. George
Fowler. Col. D. D. Steil. Frederick
Gaetjen. Hermann Sutton. Thomas J.
" Gianbatlsta. Rossi Tourny. Louisa
BEADON— In this city. March 8, 1899. Amelia.
beloved wife of 'John Beadon, a native of
England, aged 46 years.
IT_?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 219 Gough street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
! BICKNELL— In Pinole. March 7, 1599. Bertie,
i beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. Bick-
nell. aged 2" years and 11 months.
> BROWN- this city, March 9. 1899. George C.
beloved son of Charles and Marie Brown, a
native of San Francisco, aged 3 months and
1 27 days.
tT-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
The... Dlerks, 957 Mission street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city, March 9. 1899, Nellie
8., beloved daughter of Mary L. Brown, and
sister ot Zaidee Brown, a native of New
York, aged 22 years 1 month and 2 days.
BUCK— In this city. March 7. 1899, John, be-
loved husband of Rachel Buck, father of Mrs.
Frank Piper, and brother of Mrs. Christine
Vorath, a native of Lams.tedt. Hanover. Ger-
many, aged 65 years 5 months and 17 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 219 point 1.0b.s avenue, near Masonic.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
EDEN— In Mount Eden. March 8, 1899. Benja-
min, beloved husband of Eva Eden, and
father of August. Emma, Annie. Frank,
George and Mary Eden, a native of Germany,
aged 65 years -i months and 10 days.
1 "(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, near Mount Eden. Interment
Mount Eden Cemetery.
EINSELEN— In this city. March 9. 1899. Ernst
Julius, dearly beloved and only son of Charles
and May Elnselen, and brother of May Ein-
selen. a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years
1 month and 15 days.
FITZPATRICK— In the City and County Hos-
pital. March 9, 1899. Edward Fitzpatrick. a
native of Connecticut, aged 32 years.
FLANNIGAN— In this city, March 9. 1899. Mary
Flannigan. a native of Ireland, aged 40 years.
FLETCHER— In Chihuahua, Mexico. February
28, 1899, Hannah, beloved wife of the late
Thomas Fletcher, and mother of Sarah Pole
and Frank Fletcher, a native of Bolton, Lan-
cashire. England, aged 62 years.
: FYLNN— In this city. March 9. 1899, James
Ma 'hew. beloved son of Mat hew and Mary
A. Flynn, and brother of Mrs. J. Brietwieser,
j a native of San Jose, aged 27 years 11 months
i and 4 days.
! FOWLER— In this city. March 9. 1899, Colonel
I). D. Fowler, a native of Missouri, aged 60
| years.
CLTN'otice of funeral hereafter.
I GAETJEN— In this city, March 9. 1*99. Her-
mann, beloved son of Hermann and Amilia
Gaetjen, and brother of Henry and Amilia
Gaetjen, a native of San Francisco, aged
18 years 11 months and 4 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metz'.er. «36 Washington street.
GIANBATISTA— March 8. 1890. Rossi Gian-
batlsta, a native of Italy, aged 3* years.
GIMBEL— In this city, March 8. 1899, William.
beloved husband of Lizzie Gimbel. father of
Willie, Karl and George Gimbel. and brother
of Karl Gimbel. a native of Langgoens. H«_-
sen-Darmstadt, Germany, aged 41 years and I
days.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
March 12. at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 9 Graham place, thence to Eintracht
Hall, Twelfth and Folsom streets, where the
services will be held under the auspices of
the Verein Eintracht and San Francisco Hes-
sen Unterstutzungs Verein. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city. March 8. 1899, Harold,
dearly beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. Peter
Johnson, and darling brother of Ethel and
Ruth Johnson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years and 5 months.
tr_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his "parents, 1959 Union street.
KELLY— In the City and County Hospital.
March 9. 1899. Patrick Kelly, a native of Ire-
land, aged 43 years.
LENZ— In Victoria. B. C. March 5. 1*99. Jacob
Lenz. beloved father of Mrs. Lena Cook. Mrs.
Simon Leiser, Mrs. Sophia Leiser and Moses
Lenz. a native of Germany, aged 81 years.
ir-TFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11:30 o'clock, from Third and
Townsend streets. Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery. Services will be held In the chapel
at the cemetery.
McGLINCHEY— In this city, March 8, 1899.
Annie, beloved daughter of John and Rose
McGllnchey, and sister of Peter McGlinchey.
a native of the parish of Termonamongen,
County Tyrone, Ireland, aged I.' years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van. Ness avenue, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. .Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
i McLAREN- In this city. March S. 1899. Dr.
P. M. McLaren, a native of Johnstown. N.
Y\. aged SI years and 3 months.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 3 o'clock, from the chape! at
Crocker Home, corner Pine and Pierce streets.
Interment private. Please omit flowers.
MACPHERSON— this- city. March 9. 1899,
Charles J., beloved son of A. M. and G. F.
Macpherson, and beloved brother of Georgia
C A. W.J IL. H. H., Nellie E. and James
Stuart Macriherson. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 11 years and 5 months.
C_?"lnterment private.
PELTON— In this city, March 8. 1899, Louisa
D., wife of Stephen Pelton, and mother of
Myron and Ida Pelton. a native of Illinois,
aged 55 years 5 months and S days.
__~The funeral will take place thiß day
(Friday!, at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. ' 872 Clayton street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. Oakland, via 11 o'clock
creek boat.
RICE-In this city. March 7. 1899. Edith E..
beloved daughter of A. and May Rice, a na-
tive of California, aged 6 years.
SANDS— An anniversary high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of the soul of the late
Mrs. Mary Sands this day (Friday), at 9
o'clock, at St. Rose's Church, Brannan
street between Fourth and Fifth. Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully invited to
attend. "••'-.
SCHREIER— In this city. March 8. 1599, Carl
Schreier. a native of Germany, aged 48 years
7 months and 27 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the undertaking
rooms of Theo. Dlerks, 957 Mission street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
STASAL— In Jackson. Amador County. Cal..
George, husband of Elizabeth Stasal. and
father of Rose and Margaret Stasal. a native
of Germany, aged 75 years 10 months and
12 days.
STEIL— In this city. March 8. 1599, Frederick
Steil a native of Germany, aged 68 years.
Cry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street, under the
auspices of San Francisco Commercial Trav-
elers' Association. Interment Hills of Eter-
nity Cemetery, by electric car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets:
SUTTON— In this city. March 9, 1599. Thomas
J., beloved husband of Minnie D. Sutt-,1.
and father of Fred. Bert. George. Susie.
Thomas. Minnie. Maud, Robert, -Walter and
Harold Sutton, a native of Manchester, Eng-
land, aged 63 years and 9 months.
FAYLOR— in this city. March 9, 1899. Cinthe-
lia C Faylor. mother of Teresa A. Broughton
and George L. Faylor, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged S7 years 11 months and 3 days.
Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day Friday!,
at 2 o'clock.-at the residence of her daughter.
631 Haight street. Interment In Vacavllle.
TOURNY— In this city, March 9. 1899. Louisa
Tourny, beloved sister, of Julius Tourny, a
• native of Stuttgart. Germany.
■ i i
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
30 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
I/V-C/-_/OY _fc CO., |
FUNEItAL DIRECTORS _: EMBaLMEM 1
ins Market st. between Bth and to_. 5
Telephone. South 347. » I
1112
CRIMINAL PLOT OF
RACING GAMBLERS
They Complete Their Scheme
to Protect Ingleside's
Corruption.
The Supervisors Are on Guard — All
Classes Are Joined in the
Struggle to Destroy the.
Evil.
The gamblers of Ingleside have now I
completed the details of the campaign ,
in which they hope to save themselves
and the ill-gotten profits of the race- |
course from the legislative prohibition
of the Supervisors. The jockeys, touts, I
manipulators and sure-thing men of the
racecourse are up in arms, and they |
make no secret of their promise to u.se
some money to gain their ends and the |
privilege of preying upon San Francisco
and its people. The men that have the
affairs of the racetrack in hand an- j
nounce that they will spend cpin to pre
vent the final adoption of the resolution
that was passed to print last Monday j
by the Supervisors. This announce- j
ment is a direct insult to the officials ',
who have so far remembered their i
pledges and have so acted as honest j
officers of the municipal government •
as to enact a law that means so much |
to th*- healthy life of the community. |
In reply the gamblers declare that they
will attempt to bribe the Supervisors j
to retire in disgrace from the position j
they have taken.
This proposed attempt has been so |
openly and shamelessly declared that !
every gossip on the street knows it,
and the Supervisors have naturally :
been made aware of it. In answer they
declare that neither money nor the ex- |
ercise of influence, dishonestly used, can
induce them to waver in the stand they
have taken. As one member of the
board said yesterday: "We have the
press, the pulpit, the commercial and
mercantile communities behind us in j
our crusade against the crime-creating
nest of the racecourse. We took our
initial action after due deliberation. We
knew that merchants and business men !
were begging for legislative action that
would protect them and save their
employes from the consequences of j
temptation at the racecourse. The aid j
of the police and of every well-meaning
element in the community had been in- i
yoked in vain, and we stepped in to
supply the remedy that so man: bought |
and none but ourselves could find. I
"We know that a cry is being raised ';
in behalf of honest sport, so called. !
This cry is a dishonest one, and we I
thoroughly understand it as such. The
game that is conducted at Ingleside is |
neither sport nor honest. In abolish-
Ing this game we are not militating
against honest sport of any kind. We
are simply striving to save the young
men of the city from the offenses that
lead to disgrace and death and the
young women from the temptations
that end in dishonor.
"In such a crusade we cannot afford
to temporize with so grave an evil. It
must be killed, and we are glad that the
LABOR'S UNITED SONS
OPPOSE THE TRACK
Labor's forces, the brawn and muscle of the city, as represented by the
Building Trades' Council, stand opposed to the notorious .adjunct of the
racetrack, the bookmaker's stand, and^its close and deadly ally, the pool
room of the city.
The racetrack is something essentially foreign to a body which simply
deals with labor matters, but things have come to such a pass" that the
racetrack has forced itself upon the attention of the workingmen of this
city. Under the regular order of business laid down by its constitution
and by-laws the Building Trades Council could take no definite action on
this matter, but like all other organizations it sets apart a portion of
the evening when subjects of common interest may be discussed, and it
was under this head that the track received a blow from the workingmen
last night.
The regular routine business was transacted as usual. Then came a
lull. President P. H. McCarthy rapped sharply with his gavel and said:
"Brothers, we are now under th" head of 'good of the order.' As your
president it hardly becomes me to occupy the floor, but there is a subject
to which I would like to call your attention and on which I think the
members of this body might well express their individual opinion for
the benefit of the public. In the picturesque outskirts of this city there
is a crime-breeding spot; a putrefying sore which contaminates all who
touch it. It is known as the Ingleside racetrack. You know its history; I
know it. There is a trail of blood leading to it. The hills are white with
gravestones, the prisons full of felons.
"Look for the cause. The records of the criminal courts show that
many men wearing stripes to-day started on their downward journey at
the racetracks. The mortuary records show that scores of suicides ended
their lives to hide their disgrace— a disgrace caused by a monomaniac
desire to beat the races.
"The Board of Supervisors at its last session passed to print a resolu
tion which, if finally adopted, will pu a stop to this evil. Brothers, I' think
it but right that we express our honest opinion on this matter. 1 know of
no rule which permits us to bring this matter to a final vote, but I think
that, as citizens, we should express our commendation of the ten men who
have already done their best to suppress this evil. Let us thank them for
what they have already done, and hope they will clinch the nail already
driven In."
William M. Page, the time-honored secretary of the council, was the
next speaker. He is a man of few words, honest and open-hearted.
"Brothers," he said, "1 am glad that our president has called this matter
to our attention. Like him, 1 have read the long record of crime and death
which can be traced directly to Ingleside. We, as individuals, can do lit
tle to suppress this evil; but the men who have already voted on the
question, the ten honorable members of the Board of Supervisors, are the
choice of the majority of the citizens. In this matter, at least, the cho
sen ones have done well. I personally thank them, and hope that at the
next meeting they will make the resolution killing the vice-breeding gam
bling a law. This Is something for every workingman to think about
and study carefully."
Walter Grofl of Carpenters' Union 453 followed Mr. Page on the same
lines. He compared the racetrack and its brother, the downtown pool
room, to the viper which lurks in a tempting spot and venomously strikes
the wearied sojourner who halts there for a moment's r__t.
James W. Rose had another idea and one which struck home. "We
are always raising the cry," he said, "that money is scarce. Outsiders
are taking it away. Who are these outsiders? DO not the sycophants of the
track take away our dimes, our quarters and our dollars day after day,
without a voice being raised against the practice? The Supervisors are
right. Let the races run,, and if I want to go out let me have the privi
lege of doing so, but keep the commissoned bookmaker and poolseller far
away from me." ;
Other speeches having the same general trend were made by C. Hussey,
E. J. Brandon. C. W. Stark, George Oakes, George Lee, H. J. Skeehan
and others. Many .interesting and hitherto unthought of points were
brought out. but one and all looked at the bookmaker and the poolseller
as evils which should at once be suppressed.
people of the city understand, as we do, j
, the seriousness of the situation. We
have taken our stand in the matter, and |
our next vote will simply be the regis- |
ter, of our first determination. As we
took our stand only after due delibera
tion, there is nothing in the nature of
a just argument that can induce us to
retreat from our position and with the
plea of legalizing and restricting a
'sport' permit a pernicious scheme of
1 debauchery to thrive In San Francisco."
The foregoing Is the opinion of one
of the members of the Board of Super
visors, It is of significant and timely
Interest, because of the fact that the
masters of Ingleside have determined
to carry out a crafty campaign to pre
serve the crime-breeding influences
of the racecourse. As the plan is now
outlined three men will appear before
the Supervisors next Monday to plead
against the final adoption of the pro
hibitory ordinance. These men will be
Henry Crocker, Walter Hobart and ex-
Senator Androus.
They will ask the Supervisors to de
lay final action until representatives of
the racecourse may be heard. Any al
ternative except the complete prohibi
tion of gambling will be accepted. The L
racetrack cannot exist as a sport in it
self. It needs the savings of honest men
and the thefts of thieves with which
to reward the gambling blacklegs of
other communities that flock to San
Francisco.
The Supervisors will be asked to re- j
fer the resolution, which has been
passed to print, to a committee, that of
Health and Police, over which an In- i
teresting gentleman presides. The plea
for such action will be that representa
tives of the racecourse may then state
their case. It is an old game that
sometimes works with success. After
the resolution, which under the ordin
ary process of law would become opera
tive next Monday, has been referred to •
a committee the people of the city may
abandon any hope of relief.
Messrs. Hobart, Crocker and Androus
! will represent the property interests of
| Ingleside. Many thousands of dollars i
have been invested at the local race
j course. The pleaders before the Super
visors will ask for justice as they un
derstand the meaning of the term.
When this plea is made, however, the
Supervisors will remember what has j
been done by the local Merchants' As
sociation, of which Mr. Crocker is an
honored member.
This association has done everything '
in its power to destroy the gambling;
evil which the race course has bred in |
San Francisco. The association, j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 10, 1899.
WAS NOT A PARTY
TO BEEF SCANDAL
i Ex-Secretary Morton Disproves Allega
| tions of Enemies.
IX the dispatches from Washington yesterday regarding the scandal over
the beef supplied American soldiers in Cuba ah effort was made to con
nect ex-Secretary of Agriculture Morton with the horse-slaughtering in
dustry. Happily, Mr. Morton is In this city at present, and was glad to
avail himself of the opportunity afforded him to refute the allegations/ In
an Interview he demonstrated that the Information given out at Washington
was not accurate and that an Injustice had been done him. He said:
"The horsemeal packing plant at Hoboken mentioned In the dispatches
was established and stamps of inspection awarded Its output under the Har
rison administration by Jerry Rusk, Secretary of Agriculture. The product of
this equine pickling establishment was branded 'sweet pickled beef,' and
that, too, for exportation to Belgium and other countries of Europe where
the manufacture of bologna sausages is extensively carried on.
"When the second administration of Cleveland began early in March 1593,
this bogus beef business was brought accidentally to my attention. I imme
diately took the ground that the laws of the United States. providing for the
inspection and certification of meats for interstate and foreign trade were
operative only upon edible meats, or meats which the American people held
to be edible. I then withdrew inspection and stamps from the Knackers oi
Hoboken and elsewhere, declaring that the Department of Agriculture court
certify, the flesh of dogs, cats or rats with the same propriety that it could
stamp horse meat inspected and wholesome.' .
"The attempt now evident in some quarters to shoulder, the Imperfections
of meat inspection and the service of the Bureau of Animal Industry upon
me may result in a more general publicity for the methods, management
and disbursements of the Bureau of Animal Industry, and In fact of the whole
Department of Agriculture. The American taxpayers, and especially the
farmers, cannot know too much about the policies, methods and expenditures
of this department. I will rejoice In the complete, detailed and precise publi
cation of all of my official acts bearing upon either the microscopic or other
meat inspection. I desire, however, meantime, to have it distinctly under
stood everywhere that 1 did not Institute but did abolish the Inspection of
horsemeat by the Department of Agriculture, and furthermore I put Inspect
ors Into the classified service and required as a condition precedent to their
examination that all applicants for inspectorships and assistant Inspector
ships should be graduates from, reputable veterinary colleges.
"Before my term of office these meal Inspectors were made up. as a rule,
from the ranks of heelers, bummers and workers in political parties. The
ante-mortem or post-mortem Inspection of a carcass to determine Its fitness
for human food when made, as it generally was. under the spoils system, by
a ward boss or. a precinct politician, was a wicked waste of money and a
farce Horsemeat inspection, the records will show, was abolished by me."
| through its officers, and by deliberate
official action, has denounced the book
j making, poolselling evil as demoraliz
; ing to the whole community and cor-
I rupting to clerks and employes el
! business men and merchants. The as
sociation, controlling property owners
and possessing their unqualified sup
port, has placed a boycott of wealth
upon poolsellers and bookmakers, forc
ing them, with the might of law, to va
cate premises they occupied as nests
of crime.
The association has consulted with
the police in an effort to destroy the
terrible evil that has its source and
maintenance at the race course. When
the Merchants' Association discovered
thai, the police were powerless tO kill
the evil the directors, all merchants of
standing, appointed one of their num
ber to make it his exclusive business
to wipe out the gambling dens that
thrive and have their being in Ingle
side. Special attorneys were employed
at the expense of the Merchants' Asso
ciation to assist the municipal authori
ties in punishing offenders.
The Merchants' Association did more
than this. Recognizing the far reach
ing effects of the evil that has brought
crime and disgrace, desolation and
death to so many people in San Fran
cisco, the directors of the Merchants'
Association secured the Introduction of
a prohibitory bill before the Legislature
at its present session. The official news
paper of the . Merchants' Association,
known as the Merchants' Association
Review, declares that horse gambling
and its attendant evils had reached
such a pass that it has become an ab
solute necessity to San Francisco to
secure a legislative prohibition.
In this bill the Merchants' Associa
tion would have placed an absolute
ban not only upon bookmaking and
poolselling upon horse races, but upon
all contests of whatever sort in which
men or animals engage. The measure
was far more sweeping in its provi
sions than that which the Board of
Supervisors have passed to print. But
the Legislature in the exercise of its
inscrutable judgment saw fit to defeat
the bill, and the Merchants' Associa
tion, and all that it represents in this
city, is now forced to fall back upon
the Board of Supervisors for redress
and relief. The Supervisors will, with
out question, remember this fact when
Mr. Crocker and his associates appear
before the board next Monday after
noon. It will not be forgotten that an
organization, representing the wealth
and the morality of this city, has
fought for nearly a year in vain to
kill an evil which the Supervisors with
a single vote may destroy. \_;
Messrs. Crocker, Hobart and An
drous will appear as legitimate prop
erty owners before the board. They
will plead as ones having valued inter
ests at stake and there will be none
Photograph by Th irs.
other than an honorable motive in
their pleading. They will present jus
tice as they see it. The other part of
the campaign will be conducted by the
carpet-bag gamblers, thieves and
blacklegs who make the race course
their rendezvous In the day time and
the city their field at night.
These men declare that they can
bribe the authorities for Immunity
from Interference. It was openly
boasted on the streets yesterday that
Chris Buckley had been employed to
act as middle man in the campaign
and to offer or accept terms. The
gamblers know of only one weapon to
use, and that is the coin that was
niched to fill their coffers. It is be
lieved, however, that the Board of Su
pervisors, which has acted so cour
ageously thus far, will continue to the
end in its crusade for the destruction
of a terrible evil. Members of the
board, as a matter of course,* have
heard of the rumors of the street.
They know of the influences" against
them and of those in their favor. A
stand has been taken and a majority
of the members declare that it' will be
maintained. .
MARIN COUNTY HAS
JOINED THE CRUSADE
People of Sausalito Ask Their Officers
to Follow This City's
Lead.
SAN RAFAEL, March 9.— Taking
their cue from the action of the Board
of Supervisors of San Francisco County
in adopting an ordinance virtually
crippling the revenues of the Ingleside
racetrack the citizens of Marin County
will make a fresh endeavor to rid them
selves of the poolrooms at Sausalito.
Various legal devices have been tried
to accomplish this object and rid the
county of an eyesore, but they have all
failed. The last attempt was that of a
citizen named H. H. Noble, who tried
to have the courts pronounce the pool
rooms a nuisance because their pres
ence injures the property interests of
Sausalito and the county generally and
because the youth of the community
are corrupted by their association with
a motley horde of gamblers and race
track touts.
. From many residents of. the "hill sec
tion" of Sausalito and other citizens of
the county have come petitions to Dis
trict Attorney Mclsaac to formulate an
ordinance similar to the one adopted in
San Francisco and present it to the
Board of Supervisors for their adoption.
It is believed in this way the evil can
be throttled. Of the temper of the
Supervisors there can be no question.
All have given evidence of their ani
mosity to the poolrooms at Sausalito
in numerous instances. It is stated that
District Attorney Mclsaac, in deference
to the. wishes of his constituents, will
formulate such an ordinance and pre
sent it to the board.
CUTTERS OF
MARBLE OUT
ON A STRIKE
Object to Reduction of
Wages.
ONE HUNDRED MEN INVOLVED
STRIKERS SAY EMPLOYERS
BROKE AN AGREEMENT.
Two Largest Yards in the City Af
fected Trouble Laid at the
Door of the Vermont
Marble Company.
About one hundred members of the Mar
ble Polishers' and Finishers* Union, em- j
ployed in various yards in this city, have
quit work sooner than submit to the piece :
work system, which would mean a reduc- ;
tion of "about 25 per cent in their wages.
The difficulties between the employers |
and employes in this business are of long
standing. The marble workers of this
city have long been forced to light against
unequal odds.
In Vermont the finishing work is done
by women and children. In other States.
notably Ohio and Tennessee, convict la
in, is 'employed. Here In San Francisco
fair wages have been paid. Workmen
have been earning from $250 to $350 per j
day, according to th class of work on
which they were employed. _
The employers have found it difficult to
keep up this scale of wage, as they have
been forced to contend with child arid con
v-i, labor. One large contract after an
other has been sent East, and a confer
ence between employers and employes I
was final v held. , . ,___ !
An agreement was entered into between ;
the employes and the firms of Run.no &
Blanch! and the Vermont Marble Com- I
pany. According to the terms of this ,
understanding the two firms were to em- ,
ploy union men at ion wages until May
1 next, and the union In j -turn was to see
that all large jobs ware kept in his city.
According to the statement made bj the
strikers the union kepi to its agreement.
Several large jobs, including the wells-
Fargo building, the Hearst building and j
the Railroad Hospital, svere saved to (all
fornia: The employers however, were
dissatisfied, and about a week ago gave
the men their choice of working by the
piece or quitting altogether. The latter
course was chosen by the men,<and yes- j
terday at noon the workmen of both con- |
corns quit work. ; . i
At Ruffino & Bianchl s business was :
entirely suspended, but the Vermont
Marble Works secured some men to take i
in hand the most pressing work. Neither
of the firms has any large contracts on
hand at present. The Vermont Marble
Company has just about completed the |
Crocker "vault In Cypress Lawn Cemetery,!
and a guard has been stationed around it,
lest it be "destroyed by the strikers." The
men who are out laugh at this precau
tion and characterize it as a "raw bluff '
by the company?
The strikers Mann- the whole trouble on
the Vermont Marble Company, and claim
that Ruffino & Bianchl were drawn into
it by agents of this concern.
The Building Trades Council last night
tendered Its moral support to the strikers.
A meeting will be held to-night in the
rooms of the Marble Cutters and a regular
strike committee appointed.
This is the second strike the marble
cutters have had during the past year.
The last trouble was with the Vermont
Marble Company, but that firm made Its
peace with the union In order that it
might secure a large contract.
Mclaughlin didn't pay.
Suit Brought Against the Major to
Recover on a Promissory Note.
Major Frank McLaughlin was yesterday
made defendant in a suit instituted by
J. A. Lawrence, who claims the politician
is indebted to him in the sum of $1123 30,
due on a promissory note executed January
19, 1898, and payable one year after date,
with interest at 5 per cent. According to
the complaint, the major promised to pay
at the First National Bank on the day the
. not became due. but he failed to keep his
promise. O'Brien, O'Brien & O'Brien rep
resent the plaintiff in the action.
LADIES' NIGHT AT THE OLYMPIC
FURNISHES MUCH EXCITEMENT
A Large Number of Fair Admirers See Their
Hosts Defeated at Baseball and
Water Polo.
It was ladies' night at the Olympic Club last evening and every person present got brimful of pleasure and excite
ment. Generally upon occasions when the club throws open its hospitable portals to the fair sex large numbers avail them
selves of the privilege. Last evening proved no exception to the rule in this respect and the. many swell gowns worn by
the guests added to the attractiveness of the scene. The only cloud that marred the pleasure of the members
of the Olympic Club was the fact that they received a couple of black eyes in both athletic events which were given for
the benefit of their guests.
The first number on the programme was a game of indoor baseball between the Olympics and Reliance team of OaJ|a
land, in which the latter was victorious to the tune of 10 to 4. The Olympics started out with a confident rush as if they
were sure winners. They were the heavier and appeared to be in better condition, but about the fifth inning they ac
quired a bad case of "rattles" and their game became exceedingly yellow. Although they were defeated the utmost goo 4
nature prevailed and both teams combined after the game to mob the umpires. Messrs. Ryder and Coffroth.
The two teams lined up as follows: Olympics— James, Morton, Monahan, Lalne, Kreling, Cosgrove, Follansbee, Han
rahan and Denham. '::
Reliance— Gross, Moskiman, White, Resenheim, Holmes, Dieckmann, Dean, Audlffred and Piatt.
The water polo game followed. The Lurlines were the contenders with the Olympics and they won by a score of 3 to
2 after a hard-fought game. In the first half the Lurlines proved to be the faster swimmers and had no trouble In put
ting the ball over the goal, but before the half was up they showed signs of weakening and in the second hat tnev _naa
all they could do to keep the Olympics from pulling victory out of defeat. Had there been ten more minutes or pi..> i arc.
is hardly any doubt that the Lurline boys would have been defeated. The playing was fast and at times -™*^™ b "
tendency upon the part of some of the players on both sides to rough it. This resulted in some bruises ana an -
duckings, but it afforded lots of sport to the spectators. , . t ___. K .. n ._„._,., V*K
f The two teams were as follows: Lurlines-Geddes and Pomen, forwards; Lyons and Harris, centers, -_.nn.i___.
and Smith, backs; and Foley, goal. * , -__._ __„,
Olympics— and Cooper, forwards; Pope and Hobson, centers; Melrose and Habennitch, backs; ana james, goal.
~~ ADVERTISEMENTS.' ™
1 RIBBONS! RIBBONS!?
I— . I
1 A Beauteous Array ?
I ... OF ... !
i This Season's Novelties j
® .
X . . <Si
I ' "" ;
® We have just received a large import order of the |
! choicest of this season's novelties in RIBBONS, and are ;
® prepared to offer the same to the public at prices far ;
® below any ever asked for goods of a similar texture, %
® Fancy stripes, both shaded and plain, also the en- %
® tirely new ruffled effects, are included in this most re- ;
I markable offer, _ . - I]T - TY ,_, |
> At 20 Cents. t ®
2 FANCY STRIPED RIBBON, 3% inches wide, all silk; value 30c; will be |
® * placed on sale at 20c. _________ £
I At 25 Cents. %
% FANCY RIBBONS, in shaded stripes; value 40c; will be placed on sale g
® at 25c. -* -V
® At 35 Cents. +
® FANCY RIBBONS, ruffled effects, entirely new; value 30c; will be of- ®
4- fered at 35c. _________
? At 20 Cents. „ %
__ 314 INCH ALL-SILK TAFFETA RIBBON, all shades; will be offered +
© "at 20c. ®
I At 25 Cents. ;
1 4-INCH ALL-SILK TAFFETA RIBBON, all shades; value 35c; will be ®
4. offered at 25c. __ ; ' jv<- %
+ At 15 Cents. _
+ EXTRA SPECIAL. 300 pieces ALL-SILK COLORED TAFFETA RIB- £
__ BON; value 25c; will be offered at loc. 4.
I LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS. !
® - ®
I At 25 Cents. ♦
"*" LADIES' LAUNDRIED SHIRT WAISTS, in fancy stripes and checks; ■♦-
® ' will' be offered at 25c each. '?
I (glff Market, Jones and McAllister Sts, / ®
® \f t_K San Francisco. / ®
s)4.®.+®+® + .?■♦ y>®4® ♦®»®-»®>®»®4®>® -fr®*®*®**® -»®4® ♦® ♦ ® -» ■? ♦ .
THALIA CUTTING SCRAPE.
Joseph Caldron, a Boiler-maker,
Stabbed Six Times During
a Fight.
Joseph Caldron, a boiler-maker, living
at 42 Turk street, got mixed up in a tight
in the Thalia early yesterday morning and
was cut six times In the back and arms
with a penknife. Half an hour later he
told Policeman "Wilson of his injuries, and
' Wilson sent him to the Receiving Hospi
tal. where his wounds, '.which 'were slight,'
were dressed.
Caldron told the police that he knew the
i man who cut him and promised to swear
: out a warrant for his arrest yesterday,
■ but he failed to do so. Detective Bgan
was detailed on the case by Captain Bo
hen, and he will endeavor to get Caldron
to carry out his promise.
Policemen Joy and Wilson last night
arrested Fred alias "Jockey" Maynard,
a prizefighter, and charged him witn the
cutting. Maynard admitted his guilt,
but claimed that he acted in self-defense
Subsequently the officers arrested "Kid'"
Madden, another prizefighter charged
with being an accessory. It is claimed
that Madden handed Maynard the knife
which he used on Caldron.
Child Study Club.
The San Francisco Child Study Club will
hold its regular meeting at the Occidental
Hotel this afternoon at 3 o'clock. Mrs.
George Wale will read a paper on "De
velopment of the Senses."