VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 124.
FILIPINOS
CANNOT FIGHT
MUCH LONGER
LIEUTENANT COLONEL FRENCH. Who Succeeds
Colonel Egbert to tl}e Con)rr)and of the
Twenty-Second Infantry Regiment.
Americans Believe Back
bone of the Enemy Has
Been Broken.
MANILA. April 2. — Repeated efforts to locate the insur
gent army in front of Malolos have been unsuccessful,
and the American forces are therefore still resting in the for
mer Filipino capital.
The attack on the forces under General Hall at Mariquina
ygests that the enemy is concentrating in that direction.
< "( tlonel 1 >enl>y's arrival makes the early issue of the procla
mation of the Philippine Commission prohahle.
MANILA, April 2. 6:30 p. m.— The
American troops under General Mac-
Arthur are still resting at Malolos,
r where everything has been auiet to
day. Hostilities elsewhere — so far as
officially reported — have been limited
. during the last twenty-four hours to an
occasional exchange of shots, between
the insurgents and troops forming the
lines of General Law-ton and- General
• Hall, oxU-nrling from the water works
/to La Lonia. But this shooting has
■ hr-en just active enough to make the
lives of ?h<-- FoHiiers a burden and to'
•[compel the officers' to slee,p in trenches
clothed and in readiness to repel possi
\ble attacks.
';'• Most of the American? are becoming
convinced that th- backbone of the.in
surgent opposition is broken. There are j
"numerous rumors pointing to an early
collapse of the insurrection. One of
these is that General Pio del Pilar. the
best, fighter among the Filipino officers,
•will desert Aguinaldo and give his sup
port to the Americans.
The Spaniards, reasoning from their
' experience of the natives, refuse to be
lieve thai the rebellion is anywhere.
near put down. They declare the Fili
pinos will not take their defeat at Ma
. lolos, with the loss of the city and the
• removal of their so-called government.
:' seriously to heart. On the contrary.
'..the Spaniards predict that the in
' Furger.ts will hover near the American
lines, bothering them as much as pos-
Fible, and when attacked in force dis
solve, only to reappear at other points.
, This sort of tactics, the Spaniards say.
will be followed until the wet season
compels the Americans to be housed
in barricades, and then the Filininos
will return and reoccupy such towns
slb the United States troops do not gar
' rison. With the next dry season a rep
etition of the present operations will
begin. Time alone will show how much
there is in this theory, but, as against
it, it must be borne in mind that the
Spaniards, in all their domination of
■the Philippines, never gave the inhab
itants a demonstration of power com
parable in effectiveness to that given
them by the United States.
A priest and two members of the so
called Filipino Congress, who hid them
selves.in the woods during the fighting
.which preceded the- capture of Malolos.
returned there this morning and de
clared that 2000 of the Filipino soldiers
■ were anxious to give up fighting and
1 .would do so but for their officers, who
keep them under arms.
• The whole, country between Malolos
; and Caloocan is now full of "friend
lies," women, children and old people,
Who are returning to their homes car
ryjng white flags. The Americans are
trying to -gain the confidence of the in
' habitants by proving to them that if
'.they will return and attend to their or
dinary work peacefully no harm will
..'befall them. Two hundred and fifty
civilians came back to their homes in
>:;.lo]og last evening. Two thousand
-women and children, with a sprinkling
The San Francisco Call.
[ of unarmed men supposed to be war
; riors. came to the outskirts of MaloloG
outside r.f the city and afterward
sneaked away, carrying all the goods
they could.
There has been no little good-naturcl
rivalry as to which regiment— the First
Montana or the Twentieth Kansas -is
entitled to the honor of having raised
its flag first at Malolns. Colonel Funs
ton and twenty mert of Company K.
Kansas Volunteers, claim the distinc
tion, on the ground, as already cabled,
of having entered the town at double
rjuiek and raised the eompanv's flag.
but the first flag to be recognized of
ficially was that of Company G of the
Montana Infantry.
TAGALLOS HOPE TO BE
AIDED BY RAIN AND FEVER
PARIS. April Agonclllo, the agent
of Aguinaldo. in the course of an inter
view published to-day in La Patrle.
says:
■■■'■■i'.;_s ::
"The capture of Malolos is not as
important as the Americans are try-
Ing to make it appear. The Filipino
Government had already determined
upon removal to San Fernandlno. and a
! small detachment of the troops was left
| with orders to burn the town and thus
I to draw the Americans inland.
"Two months of rain and fever will
; save the Filipinos their ammunition
and a good deal .of trouble, and the war
will not end while a single Filipino re
mains to bear arms."
Agoncillo charges Major General Otis
with opening the hostilities, and holds
the Americans responsible for tho
transfer of the Spanish prisoners and
for preventing the Filipinos from nego
tiating a treaty with Spain.
Agoncillo is confined to his room with
the influenza.
CRUSHING DEFEAT OF THE
ENEMY SOON EXPECTED
XX.V YORK, April 2.- The Herald's!
AS ashington's correspondent sends
Hie- following: Major Ofni-rii] Otis is
expected to renew early this week his
offensive campaign against the pjj.
pinos. Th«j authorities are hopeful \i
will be short and decisive. While
General Otis has not communicate.]
his plans to the War Department, Ae<t- !
ing Secretary Meiklejohn told me- to
night he was quite content to let the
matter rest entirely in the general's !
hands, believing that the be-st result I
would be obtained by permitting him
to proceed along such lines as he him- j
self mapped out.
The authorities would like nothing
better than to hear that Aguinaldo's
troops are concentrating at Mariquina.
It was in accordance with General
Otis' instructions that Brigadier Gen
eral Hall, with three battalions, moved
out from the camping station on Fri
day last, captured Mariquina and.pur
SAN FRANCISCO, 31 ON HAY, APRIL 3, 1899.
BATTLE OF TURKS
AND BULGARIANS
VIENNA, April 2.— A serious collision has taken place between
Bulgarian and Turkish frontier guards at Kozyl-Agob, between
Jamboli, Eastern Romelia, and Adrianople, on the banks of
the Toonja, fifty-six miles south of Jamboli.
According to a dispatch from Sofia, capital of Bulgaria, the
Turks attacked a weak Bulgarian outpost, but the Bulgarians,
aided by armed inhabitants, repulsed their assailants after a
fierce fight. Both sides suffered losses of killed and wounded.
The Turks, the dispatch says, were seeking a position hith
erto held by the Bulgarians.
Kozyl-Agob is the railway station nearest the Turkish fron
tier, in Bulgarian territory, and it would be an important stra
tegic point for the Turks if they desired to send troops into
Bulgaria.
sued the enemy until afternoon, when
he returned to his station. The ob
ject of this move was to make a dem
onstration in order to prevent rein
forcement s from reaching Malolos. It
Mas successful in the way of a demon
stration, and it also grave General Hall
and his troops an opportunity to ac
HAWAIIANS CLAIM TO
HAVE HEARD THE SPIRIT
OF PRINCESS KAIULANI
AINAHUA, the Country Home of the Late Princess Kaiulanf, Where Spiritual Manifesta
tions Are Said to Have Been Heard Since Her Death. The Cross Marks the Room
Occupied by the Princess.
H HONOLULU, March 25.— 1t is a
habit among the natives of the
Hawaiian [glands that for nine
days after the death of a chief
or chiefess their thoughts must
he of the dead. During these days
they relate the mysterious happenings
that always seem to come to pass after
one of royal blood has departed this
life. Tt is with an idea of giving to
the world some of the uncanny happen
ings after the death of the late Princess
Katulanl that this article is written.
It was midnight on the 10th of
March. I^9o, that a solemn procession
passed under the palms and spreading
trees of Ainahau and wended its wav
slowly toward the Waikiki road to
town, and then into the large gateway
Of Kawaiahao. Ii was the hearse hear
ing the body of the Princess Kaiulani.
followed by the mourning father and
others. Kaiulani had left her beauti
ful home for the last time and her body
was placed on a catafalque in Kawaia
hao church, thereto lie in state through
the next day.
Miss Robertson (left behind at Aina
hau on account of illness), together
with a number of native and Japanese
servants, were the only ones remaining
in the house after the departure of the
body for the church. This young lady
had just taken a reclining position on
one of the "hikieis" or divans that are
to be found all over the. house,
when, it is asserted, she heard
nofsefl that made her blood run
cold. Transfixed to the spot, she
listened for their recurrence, and in a
very short time they were repeated.
The room on the upper floor that bad
been occupied by the Princess seemed
to be in an awful state of unrest. The
pound of a myriad of bodies passing
through the room and tossing furni
ture about, it is said was
what met the ears of the
frightened people. Then came a
rush of wind. The door of the room
leading out into the hall opened with a
burst and something came down the
stairs with a rumbling sound. Then
the door leading to the walk that at i
nects the main house with the lanai
opened in the same mysterious way
and closed again with a slam. The
chairs and tables on the walk were
overturned, and a voice which was, ac
cording to the people in the house, un
mistakably that of the dead Princess,
was heard to cry, "Kauka! Kauka!"
quaint themselves with the topog
raphy of the country ir the vicinity of
Mariquina, which will be of value in
case the insurgents should give battle
to American troops at that point.
The fact that General Otis has not
cabled to the War Department to-day
has convinced the officials that the sit
(meaning "Doctor, doctor!*')
< >f e-ourse, this may all be the im
aginings of excited minds, hut it. is nev
ertheless a strange fact that nearly a
dozen people should tell almost the
same story. The noises may have been
caused by the strong wind blowing thai
night. However, the story, when heard
by the natives, was believed, and they
gave to it all a meaning.
It is a well-known fact that the
Princess hated the idea of dying. and
held to the hope that she would recov
er, even to the very last moment.
When she was dying and her father
stood at the bedside, his hand clasping
the wasted one held out to him. she
still fought for her life. Kaiulani had
the greatest faith in her physicians.
and trusted (o them to nurse her back
to health, btit the rheumatism finally
attacked her; heart and her fate was
sealed. The natives say that the voice
heard at midnight was truly that of
the Princossi protesting against her
death and calling upon her doctor for
aid.
Another peculiar happening was at
Washington Place, the town home of
ex-Queen Liliuokalani, which has not
been occupied since the Queen left for
the States. On tho night of the death
of the Princess Joe Heleluhe. who went
to Washington as the secretary of the
Queen while she was' fighting against
annexation, walked into the yard with
the intention of speaking with some
natives living it) the rear. He noticed
a lamp in the room on the upper floor
that used to be occupied by the Princess
when she was staying in town for a
few days. Thinking this unusual, he
went closer to the house and,
he declares, saw a figure stand-
Ing near the lamp, evident
ly in deep contemplation. When it
turned ho saw distinctly the face of
the dead Kaiulani. Then the light went
out and nothing more was to be seen.
The last and perhaps the strangest
of all the happenings in connection
with the death of the dead girl, wit
nessed as it was by hundreds of peo
ple, was at the gate to the graveyard
in Nuuanu Cemetery at the time when
the hearse bearing the body of the
Princess entered. The first carriage
was that of the father. Governor Cleg
horn, accompanied by Mrs. J. W. Rob
ertson and Mrs. J. H. Boyd, daughters
by his first wife. The father's dace
next to the body was undisputed, but
uation is quiet, and that he is merely
continuing his preparations for an act
ive campaign.
The authorities know that the ap
proach of the rainy season makes it
imperative that the American troops
should promptly gain a victory, as in
the rainy season it will be impossible
the two wnnifn mentioned had no rieht
in that position. The natives were very
much Incensed that they, being devoid
of even a drop of royal blood in their
veins, should be placed ahead of the
Queen Dowager's carriage and that of
the two Princes. David Kawananakoa
and Cupid Kalanianaole.
All the way to the cemetery, it is
said, the horses acted queerly, and
two or three times the driver
was forced to call for assist
ance from people In the proces
sion. As tho carriage was about to en
ter the cemetery pate the horses began
to back away and refused absolutely to
enter. The occupants became very
much frightened, but remained in their
places, thinking that the horses would
soon be gut under control. In this
they were mistaken. It was not Ions:
before a well-known Hawaiian stepped
to the side of the carriage and susrsrest
ed that the occupants alight and walk
to the mausoleum. They took heed of
the advice and got out. The horses im
mediately became quiet. Then the car
riage of the Queen Dowager. Kapio
lani, drove up and went Into the ceme
tery without mishap. Mrs. Robertson
and Mrs. Boyd were forced to enter
later on. The natives say that had the
two women persisted in remaining in
the carriage some terrible accident
would have happened to them. They
had said previously they would never
enter the gate ahead of the people of
royal blood. Many who stood around
while this thing took place say that the
head of the nigh horse was held to
ward the right hand kahili of state on
the catafalque, and that the head of
the off horse was held toward the left
hand kahili, indicating, as the natives
say, the cause of their stuhbornness.
Of course, to many these tales seem
to be the merest nonsense. Not so to
the native Hawaiians, who believe in
omens and who see in very many of
the happenings that pass by the ma
jority of people unnoticed some direc
tion from the spirit world. They are
as a race very superstitious, a fact that
can be readily proved by a glance at
the books written about them in the
olden times, and yet it is a remarkable
fact that a great many of. their pre
dictions, brought forth by various hap
penings, really do come true, and that
white people who have lived in the isl
ands for many years come to look for
the same signs as the natives-
MILITIA TO
GO IN QUEST
OF MOORE
WILLIAM H- K'LROY, the Brave Policeroan Murdered
by Ed Moore, Whom h\e Endeavored to fJrrest
at Nevada City.
Company C of Nevada City
Will Search for the
Murderer.
NEVADA CITY, April 2.— The
officers of the law are closi
the trade of Edward M ■
and before another day shall
have passed they expect to take
him into custody. Hemmed in by
rugged mountains, with the roads to
the lower country carefully guarded
by the authorities, the fugitive has lit
tle chance of escape.
For the first time since the murder
of Officer Kilroy definite Information
regarding Moore's whereabouts has
been received. At dusk last night he
was seen about two miles from Grass
Valley, near the North star mine, by
William Taunt. Taunt is a rancher
and has the reputation in GraK
ley of being a truthful man. Taunt
said positively to The ''all correspond
ent to-day that he had not only seen
Moore, but had held a lengthy con
versation with him.
"I could not be mistaken," said
Taunt. He and I were in the County
jail together in March, 1896, 1 serving
for disturbing the peace and he for as
sault with a deadly weapon. We
recognized each other immediati ly
last evening and shook hands. He said
he was going o the lower country on a
little trip. He had a bundle of blan
kets atid looked travel-stained and
weary, but had no gun and I saw no
pistols on him. He seemed glad t
me, and there was nothing unusual
about his manner. After a pleasant
chat he started leisurely down the
road toward Autjurn."
This morning Taunt heard for the
first time about the killing of Kilroy
by Moore.
"T~><> you mean Ed Moore, the half
deaf prospector up at Nevada City,"
he asked his informant.
"Yes, was the answer.
Then he told of having seen tho fu
gitive last evening. Sheriff Getchell
was immediately notified by telephone
of Taunt's story. Officers immediately
started toward Placer County. Offi
cers at Colfax, Auburn and all other
down country points were notified of
the clew, and Placer County's Sheriff
began arranging a cordon of regular
and special deputies, so as to effect
ually dose every avenue of escape in
that direction.
Sheriff Getchell and his posse are
still searching the mountains for the
fugitive, and when they find him the
citizens here expect to receive details
of a battle.
Moore is known to be a dead shot,
and he will fight like a cornered rat.
It is certain he will offer resistance,
and, in that event, it is quite prob
able he will die like the rest of his
to continue operations on the same
scale as is possible in the dry season.
Upon the administration of a crush
ing defeat the American Philippine
Commission will be able to issue its
proclamation, from which the authori
ties expect great results.
Step? <ire being taken by General
Otis > suppress all future filibustering
expeditions which may be sent from
the coast of China to Luzon in the in
terest of insurgents. I understand
that the thirteen gunboats obtained by
General Otis are to be manned by offi
cers and men of the navy stationed
along the coast for the purpose of in
tercepting any filibustering expeditions
that may get by the naval vessels.
LOSSES SUSTAINED BY
FOREIGNERS IN ILOILO
TACOMA, April 2.— Foreign business
houses lost over a million dollars by
TRICE FIVE CENTS.
[ kind— with his hoots on. An additional
price hns bet □ Bel upon Moore's heafl.
The Board of Supervisors of this
county has announced that it will pay
an extra $1000 for the outlaw, dead or
alive.
In addition to the Sheriff's nopse.
fifty members of Company <". National
Guard of California, under command of
R. \l. Walker, will march out into the
hills to-morrow to search the aban
doned mining shafts and canyons back
of Banner Mountain. This step has
s been deemed necessary by the authori
■>• the n ason that the country in
which Moore is supposed to be hiding:
I is so thickly wooded and mountainous
thai the fugitive might hide there for
| months. The militia boys will go out
' fully armed and equipped, carrying
provisions enough to last several days.
The authorities have already com
menced preparations to land Moore
safely in jail in the event of his beiner
taken alive. They entertain grave fears
that Moore will lie subjected to vio
lence at the hands of a mob when
brought to town. If Moore had been
arrested to-night there ; j little doubt
that all the Sheriffs and deputies, from
here to Sacramento could not protect
him, so intense is the hatred of the cit
izens for the cowardly murderer.
"William Kilroy was an officer who
knew his duty, and because he had the.
nerve to perform it he died the d^ath
of a dog. When his epitaph is written
it will be: 'He was faithful to his duty.'
He was murdered because he repre
sented the honest and law-abiding peo
ple Of this city, and there is no man
not a hoodlum or a rogue who does not
mourn for him to-d_ y."
These were the words with which
Rev. Father dyne "(.rued his tribute
to tlv> memory of the dead policeman
at the funeral in St. Caniee Church
this afternoon. The great edifice was
i thronged from chancel to entrance, and
people who were unable to get in
iai ml outside. The holy father
spoke briefly, and indirnation and sor
row struggled for mastery in his voice
as he echoed the sentiments of every
man. wi -r.n and child in the vast con
gregation.
The funeral cortege was one of the
longest ever seen here. Two hundred
and fifty members of N' v ida City
Lodge, Ancient Order United Workmen.
led, and after the 1" se and the car
riages containing relatives came the
police officers and City Trustees of this
city and Crass Valley in hacks, besides
the county officers. Every flag in town
was at half-mast and all the fire and
church bells tolled. '
the destruction of Hoilo by the Fili
pinos befo ral Miller captured
the city. Stevenson & Co., an English
firm, estimate its loss at $140,000, con
sisting chiefly nf stored hemp. Other
firms had warehouses and stocks de
stroyed. English insurance companies
will be the chief losers. A French firm
nf je • Estrella del Norte —
lost $300,000 worth of property. When
tin' destruction began the firm's em
; - filled their pockets with dia
monds and jewelry, hoping to escape
in refuge barges in the bay. Before
they pot away the Filipinos caught
them and took everything.
RELEASED PRISONERS
JOIN THE TAGALLOS
NEW YORK, April 2.— A special
cable to the Sun from Madrid says:
Frime Minister Silvela rays the Govern
ment continues to meet with great dif
ficulties in its efforts to obtain the re
lease of Spanish prisoners In the Phil-2
HUNTINGTON BUYS
MOUNTAIN OF IRON
And Will Establisb a Large Steel
Worlds at Durango,
Mexico.
g DURANGO, Mexico. April 2.— The great Sierra de Mercedo mountain ■
* of iron, adjoining this city, has been purchased by C. P.' Huntington. Cj
£ The purchase prl s is $800,000 in sold. The Sierra de Mercedo is a mass p
3 of magnetic iron ore, 2500 by 5500 feet and 2000 feet high, assaying from &
Q 25 to 75 per cent of pure iron. Huntingdon intends to establish a large S
•3 steel works here. The Mexican International Railway, owned by Hunt- Q
jj» ington and associates, is built to the foot of the mountain. S?
Ippines. It appears that many of the
prisoners, after their long imprison
• ment, made common cause " with ?. the
.Tagallos. It is possible that many
' Spanish officers are serving in the Fili
pino army, and if this is the case the
•Americans alone are answerable, they
' -having objected to. negotiations for the
release of the prisoners from the out
•" set.
'■ Senor Silvela has conferred with the
. Filipino agent, Regidor, with reference
to arrangements to secure the libera
'. tion of prisoners. .
ADDITIONAL DEATHS
AMONG OUR TROOPS
WASHINGTON, April 2.— The fol
lowing is General Otis' casualty report
from Manila, to-day:
MANILA. April 2.— Adjutant General,
vV;..-hington: The following deaths have
. 8 since last r. ;
March 25— Th< , P"-
M, First Colorado, ays-
March 25— Adolph J. Koplln, private
Company A, First North Dakota,
accidentally.
Lths from smallpox: March 2o—Ed
ward Pratt, private. Company L, Thir
th Minnesota; v tolin, quar
termaster sergeant. Fifty-first lowa.
. -Frank A. Martin, private,
Company I, Twenty-third Infantry.
27— Nelson McKellar, private,
paijy F, First South Dakota.
Man h 28-^Jamea O. Btovall, private.
Company D, Sixth Artillery.
From wounds In action:
March 24— David Campbell, private,
Company M, First Washington; 2G—Rob
ert Brown, private, ' Company G. First
Montana; John- Miller, private. Company
[, Twenty-second Infantry; William G.
Tour- 'private, CompaJiy 15. First
Washington; George 1-T. Fortson, captain.
Company B, First Washington; 28— Matt
Bummers, private. Company M, First Ne
braska; Lee Forby, captain, Company G,
Ffrst Nebraska; Charles Preachers,
first sergeant, Company .M. First South
Dakota; Will May, private. Company I,
First South Dakota: William H. Heasper
ling, corporal, Company G, Third Infant
ry; Fred H. wheaton, private. Company
H, First Montana; Joseph Wahl, private,
Company B. Twentieth Kansas; April 1—
■Oeor-- A. Taylor, private, Company H,
Tenth Pennsylvania, -OTIS.
FOLLOWS HER SLAIN
FIANCE TO THE GRAVE
WICHITA, Kans., April 2.— Miss
Mary Wilson, a pi ' so
ciety woman of Augusta, committed
suicide on learning that Alva Dix, her
lover, had been killed" on the battle
field of Malolos.
Alva Dix was a private in Company
Z, Twentieth Kansas Volunteers. Be*
fore he enlisted he was a prosperous
farmer in Wilson County, and just be
fore he joined his regiment became Miss
Wilson's affiai . Miss Wilson
graduated recently from Vassar, while
her sweetheart was on his way to the
Philippines.
Yesterday she saw her lover's name
in the list of killed. Last night when
she retired Bhe wrote a note to her
father and mother and took a dose of
morphine that ended her life. The
you;.: ■..ere to have been mar
ried in June.
MEMBERS CF ISTHMIAN
CANAL COMMISSION
Six of the Seven Men Definitely De
' cided Upon by President
. '. . McKinley.
•• NEW YORK, April 2.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: President
- McKlnley ' will announce on Tuesday
seven members of the new Isthmian
Canal Commission. The names definitely
determined upon are: Lear Admiral
• Walker, Brigadier General Hams and
f Professor % Haupt of the Nicaragua Canal
Commission, Civil Engineer Noble of Chi
cago, formerly member of the Ludlow
Canal Commission; Major Frank M.
Symorids, corps of engineers; and Civil
Engineer Voight. The seventh member
of the commission may be Civil Engineer
■ Morrison of New York, who has been in
*: Washington for the last three days.
Under the terms of the act the eom
rnissi-on will visit both the Panama and
the Nicaragua routes. The President is
anxious that it shall begin its work im
mediately, as he desires to submit its re
. port as promptly as possible to the next
• Congress in ord<r that an appropriation
.may be obtained from that body for com
mencing work on the canal.
»
FOUNDERED IN FTJNDY BAY. ;
Schooner Gleaner Lost in a Hurricane, I
but Crew Escapes.
HALIFAX. N. 8., April 2. — The |
from Parrsboro, X. i
. i... laden with
•• was last week given up as lost with
'! all h reached
:. Parrsboro wiih the news that their
i foundered In of Fundy
■ during the hurricane of Wednesday
last, the ins in boats.
PL.YMOI TH, April 2 The Nor
-1 wegian bark ■ . Captain Lar
from Mobile for Devonport, ■
arrived at this port to-day, r<
' passing the American schooner D. K.
Baker, Captain Hewitt, on March 2, in
latitude 35. longitude 59. The schooner
•was full of water.
FUNERAL OF A WARRIOR.
Services Over the Body o- the La.c ;
• ' Colonel Hamilton.
GENEVA. N. V., April 2.— The funeral
of thp late Colonel John M. Hamilton of
the Ninth Re^ \ry, who was
killed while leading his regiment up San
"Juan Hill on July 1 last, was held from
' the State armory here this afternoon.
- The services were attended by aboi
• people. Flap-? floated at half-mast from
' pub',:. rrand Arm
' local militia companies formed the escort.
WILHELMINA TO WED.
Holland's Queen Betrothed to Prince
William of Wied.
■ ■ NEW YORK, April 2.— A Berlin cable
to the Journal Bays: Statements from
an authentic source in Amsterdam are to j
the . ■ ■ Important gala ban
-12 the betrothal of
Queen Wilhelmlna and her cousin, Prince
William oi Wied, will Le officially pro
claimed.
Quay at a Conference.
WASHINGTON, April There was a
" Conference between Senator Quay, Scria
, tor Penrose and Attorney General Elkin j
of Pennsylvania to-day at the home of
Senator Quay, at which the Senatorial
eiituatlon was discussed. What the result
of the Informal meeting was is not known. i
Senator Quay refused to answer questions j
about It and oroiested that it had no sig
nificance. 1
SOLO TO A MAN
SHE ABHORRED
Mrs. Millie Tomkins' Sad
Story.
WAS TRADED FOR A FARM
COMPELLED BY HER FATHER TO
MARRY.
Arrested for Attempting to Kidnap
Her Children After She Had
Been Granted a
Divorce.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, April 2.— Mrs. Millie
Tomkins, who has been arrested for
having attempted to abduct her own
children at Seattle, tells an. unusually
tory of domestic uphappiness. She
that when she was but 14 years
-he was sold by her father to
Joseph Cantzeler for sixty acres of
land. It was a literal sale of flesh and
blood.
Cantzeler was many years her senior
and she abhorred him, but one day
her father and Cantzeler got her into
a room and compelled her to sign a
paper agreeing to marry him. For this
inhuman act her father received from
Cantzeler a deed to sixty acres of Yel
lowetone bottom land. Laws were
loosely enforced on the Yellowstone
in those days, and there was no one to
protect the helpless girl.-
For six troubled years she lived with
him, and they had three children. At
Q, in ISSft, his cruel treatment
I her to Bee tv friends for safety,
and she obtained a divorce at Helena,
being awarded the custody of her chil
dren. In July, I*9o, Cantzeler came to
her penniless and she fed him. He
hung around for several days and fre
quently took the eldest two children
out for a walk. One day he brought
them west to Seattle. Thither she fol
lowed hrm and made a fight in the
courts for their possession, but as she
was without funds the Judge ordered
them sent to the Orphans' Home.
Both Cantzeler and she married
again. She went to Butte to work, but
lately returned to Seattle to see her
children. She claims Cantzeler abused
them, compelling them to sleep on beds
of gunnysacks. Last week she
hrought her 13-year-old daughter to
Tacoma and intended to return later
for her son. For this faithful devotion
she is now under arrest.
SAMUEL HALLER SHOT
AND FATALLY WOUNDED
Promoter of Athletic Contests At-
tacked by an Albany Sport
ing Man.
NEW YORK. April 2.— Samuel Haller,
formerly of San Francisco, a ticket
agent for Buffalo Bill's show and well
known cm the Pacific Coast and
throughout the "West as a manager of
athletic performances and as the first
manager of "Jim" Corbett, was shot
and mortally wounded this afternoon
in W. J. Feathcrptone's barroom on
West Thirtieth street by William H.
Holland, a sporting man of Albany,
who is said to run a poolroom in Mon
treal. The men had just 'been intro
duced. Holland took offense at a re
mark made by Haller and shot him.
GILLETTE A FAILURE
AS A HOTEL-OWNER
Fugitive Cattle King Sells the Prop
erty He Purchased in Chihua
hua, Mexico.
EL PASO, April 2.— Grant C. Gillette
has made a failuTe in the hotel business
.ihauhau, Mex. He purchased the
i lo within a month after dis
appearing from Abilene, Kanft., rcfurnish
tng it throughout. He has just sold it
and it in known he failed to make his ex- i
penses and to pay the pru-e agreed upon.
Since Belling the hotel Gillette has been
in consultation with a number of promi
nent cattlemen, and on Friday last he
!• ft Chihuahua for Torreon, where he met
by agreement a well-known cattleman ]
from Chicago, by the name of Burke, who
is largely interested in the cattle business
v. Gillette has since announced
L 8 been engaged by Burke to go to
Peru to look after his cattle interests
there.
Notwithstanding the statements made
by Gillette that he has little or nothing
left, it is known he has not less than
i in cash and his wife's diamonds,
valued at $;.'fl,ooo. Gillette says he will
return to the United States in a few years
if he is successful in his present venture.
He will start for Peru in v few days.
RICHABD CHAMBEKLAIN DEAD.
Brother of the British Colonial Sec
retary Passes Away.
LONDON, April 2.— Richard chamber
lain, brother of Joseph Chamberlain, Sec
retary of State for the Colonies, died in
London to-day.
Ri'-hard Chamberlain at one time rep
ted the west division of the bor
ough of Islington, London, in Parlia
ment in the Conservative interest. Since
his retirement he had devoted his atten
tion to managing the extensive Cham
berlain properties at Birmingham.
Mrs. Mayer a Suicide.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., April 2.— The Cor
oner's jury returned a verdict of suicide
in the case of Mrs. Georp' 1 Mayer, who !
was found dead in her apartments at the j
Windsor Hotel last night. Mrs. Mayer
shot herself in the left breast during a
lit of despondency. Mayer, who was ac
cused of having- killed his wife, has been
discharged from custody.
Marquis de Chennevieres Dead.
PARIS. April 2.— Marquis Charles Phil
ippe de <'hennevl(-rcs, member of the ln
ptimto and editor of Aeademie dcs
Beaux Arts, aed chairman of tiie board
of administrators of the Paris Exposi
tion of 1878, died to-day in bis seventy
ninth year.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1899.
SUICIDE OF
REAR ADMIRAL
CARPENTER
Retired Naval Officer Shoots
Himself in the Head at
a Sanitarium.
HAD LONG SUFFERED
Was a Victim of Nervous Disorders
That Caused Him to Go Under
Medical Treatment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, April 2.— Rear Admiral C.
C. Carpenter (retired) committed sui
cide yesterday in a sanitarium v
city. Admiral Carpenter was <
from the retired list to active duty i i
charge of the navy yard at Ports
mouth, N. H., during the war, while
Commodore Remey was on duty at
Key West.
Admiral Carpenter for the last six
weeks was an inmate of the Adams
Asylum, in the Jamaica Plain district,
and at the earnest request of his
family details have been withheld
from the public. He shot himself in
the head.
For a number of years previous to
his retirement Admiral Carpenter suf
fered severely from nervous disor
ders, and soon after being released
from service went under medical
treatment. He had apparently recov
ered, but six weeks ago there came a
relapse, and he was again placed in
the asylum. Again he seemed to im
prove, and the family had hope that
he would be himself again.
Charles C. Carpenter was born in
Greenfield, Mass., In 1884. He was ap
pointed midshipman from this State in
1650 and was attached to the sloop
Portsmouth of the Pacific squadron
from 1851 to 1855. He was in the Naval
Academy from lSi5 to Ibst> and was
promoted to passed midshipman in the
latter year. Later he served on the
steam frigates Merrimac, Roarmke,
Colorado and Dolphin. He was made
a lieutenant in ISSS and attached i <
the steamship Mohawk, which captured
the slaver "Wildfire off the coast of
Cuba, with 500 slaves on board. Car
penter was transferred in 1562 to the
steamship Flag of the South Atlantic
squadron and was soon promoted to
lieutenant commander. He next saw
service on the monitor Catskill of the
South Atlantic blockading fleet, and
was on board during the operations and
attacks upon the defenses of Charles
ton in 1563. After the dose of the war
he went to the Asiatic staticm with thu
sloop Hartford.
His first command was the steamship
Wyoming, on the same squadron, serv r
Ing on her for one year and then re
turning to this country. For two years
he was stationed at the Portsmouth
navy yard, during which time lie was
commander. Sea duty alternated with
duty at Portsmouth for the ten years
following. In 1883 he was commander
of the Hartford, which carried the
English and American eclipse expedi
tion in 1883 to the Caroline atol.
From 1888 to 18S0 he commanded the
ship Wabash at the Charleston navy
yard, finally being transferred to Ports
mouth as captain of the yard and later
as commandant. He received his com
mission as commodore in ISB3 and as
rear admiral a year later. As com
mander of the Asiatic squadron in 1894
he saw many of the naval movements
of the Chino- Japanese war.
Under his orders was fired the first
and only shot by an American man-of
war at a Chinese ship, thereby en
forcing the demands of this Govern
ment and averting the impe?iding
breach of relations between the United
States and China. His action was com
mended by our Government.
Admiral Carpenter was retired in
1896, but during the Spanish war was
recalled to act as commandant of th<.-
Portsmouth Navy Yard in place of
Commodore Remey.
Admiral Carpentr leaves a widow
and family, one son being assistant
surgeon in the navy, D. M. Carpenter,
who was on the Raleigh during the op
erations against Manila and who has
been transferred to the Olympia. An
other son is with the Cramps Ship
building Company and a third lives
with Mrs. Carpenter and her two
daughters at Portsmouth.
KILLS HIS SWEETHEART
AND COMMITS SUICIDE
"Lovers' Rock," a Romantic Spot in
Ontario, the Scene of a Double
Tragedy.
TOLEDO, Ohio, April 2.— A romantic
and tragic story comes from Point i
Ontario. James La Blanche, a young
French Canadian, killed his sweetheart,
an Indian girl, named Olga Postamio. The
Frenchman lived on the mainland and
had not seen the girl during the winter.
When he went to her home he learned
that she had given her love to another,
an American. He heggfd the young
woman to take a walk with him. When
they arrived at "Lovers' Hock," a spot
made famous because an Indian chief had
there murdered a French girl who refused
to marry him, La Blanche is said to have
stabbed Miss Postamie.
He threw the body into the lake and
then drove the knife with which he killed
the girl he loved into his own heart, fall
ing dead into the water after her.
POWDER CAR EXPLODES.
One Tramp Loses His Life and Two
Are Injured.
SEATTLE, April 2.— A Post-Intelll
gencer special from Everett, Wash.,
says: A powder car belonging to a
Great Northern freight train blew up
here this morning, killing one tramp
and injuring two others, who were rid
ing in an adjoining car. In addition to
the powder car two others containing
mixed freight were burned. The in
jured men gave their names as Sylves
ter Fagan and Charles Fkbotte. The
name of the dead man was unknown
to them. It is thought the car in which
the tramps were riding was set on fire
by them and the heat exploded the pow
der car.
Alameda Alerts Defeated.
HAYWARDS. April 2.— The Alameda
Alerts were defeated in a ball game here
to-day by the Mount Kdens; score. 12 to
9. Ten innings were played. Knell and
Billings were the battery of the Mount
Edens. The work of Hirsch on second
base for the Mount Edens was the iea
ture of the game.
One New Smallpox Case.
LOS ANGELES, April 2.— one new case
of smallpox was discovered by the Health
Officers to-day, this time in a lodging
house in the center of the business
trict, on North Spring street. The cus
tomary quarantine measures were adopt
ed, and. notwithstanding- th"> central loca
tion of the case, no especial anxiety is
entertained as to the result.
FOUGHT FIRE
AND FILIPINOS
AT SAME TIME
How American Troops Sup
pressed Incendiaries in
Suburbs of Manila.
BRAVE NIGHT BATTLE
Fully Two Thousand Buildings De
stroyed Before the Flames Had
Finally Been Subdued.
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
MANILA, March I.— After many
false alarms and frustrated attempts,
the oft-repeated threats of the rebels
to burn Manila and massacre every
European and American within its
walls culminated in a disastrous con
flagration and an attempted uprising,
which was promptly checked, on the
night of Washington's birthday. That
preconcerted arrangements had been
made to fire the city in half a dozen
different places simultaneously there
can be no doubt, but fortunately the
plans miscarried, for various reasons,
and the natives themselves, or at least
their sympathizers lost as much, if
not more, than those upon whom they
sought to wreak their vengeance.
A quieter day than that of February 22
it would be difficult to imagine. All tha
banks and leading mercantile houses were
closed, and except for the fact that the
saloons were open it seemed more like
Sunday than a holiday, the excessive heat
and the condition of affairs outside having
kept most people indoors. About sun
down, however, the town bestirred itself,
and the streets were soon filled with peo
ple taking an airing before dinner, it
being the custom here to dine at 8 o'clock
and retire immediately afterward. Just
as the long strings of carriages which
daily pass and repass each other on the
Luneta were forming for the procession
homeward a dense black column of smoke i
rolled up above the intervening roofs, and
almost immediately afterward an ominous
r.-<l jdare was reflected from the sky.
Murmurs of horror were followed by
sharp orders to coachmen, and there was
a wild scramble for the city. Even when
this was reached and it was ascertained j
that the fire was in Santa Cruz district,
some distance from the residence section,
the alarm was not abated, for no one
doubted that incendiaries were at work j
and none knew where the next blaze
might bo started.
On the streets in the vicinity of the fire,
which was within two blocks of the Bs
. the wildest confusion reigned for
some time, people scurrying here, there
and everywhere. The blaze had started
in a row of two-story modern buildings
with brick foundations on the Calle La
coste, in the center of the Chinese sec
ti < ii, and as several of these had been
fired within a few minutes of each other
it soon assumed alarming proportions.
The local fire brigade turned out with
commendable promptitude, but with more
zeal than discretion proceeded to pour j
three tiny streams of water from as many
lines of hose upon the red-hot brick walls j
of the first building tired, which was al
ready doomed, instead of attempting to j
prevent those opposite and adjacent from
Igniting The consequence was that by
the time General Hughes and his men
arrived on the scene and commenced to
clear the streets the fire was spreading
on both sides of the Calle Lacoste and a
stiff breeze was fanning it forward.
During the excitement the hose was cut
five times and other impediments placed in
the way of the firemen. Upon learning
of this General Hughes issued orders to
his men to shoot the first man who inter
fered with the checking of the flames or
attempted to start others. Several natives
who picked up burning brands and darted
off with them were either shot or bay
oneted by the guards, and then a general
round-up of all natives on the streets
in the vicinity was ordered. As thousands
of people were vacating their houses
and carrying off their effects and the side
walks aiid roadways were littered with
furniture for blocks, this was a work of
some difficulty, but by degrees the sol
diers corraled hundreds of protesting na
and hustled them into yards and
vacant lots, where they were guarded
until the excitement subsided.
About 9 o'clock the European volunteer
fire brigade arrived on the scene with a
modern engine, and after three hours'
work the fire, was controlled. Meantime
the whole of the block in. which the
blaze originated, two-thirds of that on
the opposite side of the street, and a
block and a half west of it had been com
pletely gutted.
From a spectacular standpoint the fire
was a magnificent sight, the flames leap- |
ing from the wooden structures fifty feet
Into the air, while millions of sparks glis
tened among the rolling clouds of smoke
and fell in golden showers upon adjacent
roofs. Scores of fires were started by
these sparks to windward, but as every
one was alive to this danger they were
promptly quenched in their inclpiency.
Shortly after midnight, just as the
weary workers and watchers were repair
ing to their quarters, congratulating
themselves that the fire, bad though it
was, had been no worse, another blaze j
was reflected from the smoke-beclouded I
sky in the direction of Tondo. This being
the most densely populated native dis
trict in the city, which had always been !
identified with the rebel cause, prepara
tions were at once made for trouble, and
it 'was not long in coming.
No sooner had the fire brigade coupled i
its hose and commenced to play upon the
flames, which had again started in a block
of buildings occupied by Chinese, than
i shots were fired at the men from the j
! windows of tho adjacent houses. Com- :
i panics E and M, of the Second Oregon j
Volunteers, and M and C of the Thir
teenth Minnesota Volunteers, under Major j
Willis, were hastily reinforced by Major '
Goodale's battalion of the Twenty-third
Infantry, and an attempt was made to I
clean out the neighborhood. Suddenly, |
however, shots were fired from half "a I
dozen streets at once, and when this fusil- I
lade was followed by volleys from Maus- !
ers in the vicinity of the railway station.
ft was realized that the enemy had
sneaked around to the left flank of the
outposts at Caloocan, by way of the
creeks and estuaries of Vitas District, and
that there was other work than fighting
the fir.' to ho done.
As the strength of the enemy was un
known it was a ticklish situation to rope
with, but it had to be met and the Amer-
Icans, regulars and volunteers alike, met
It like men. A skirmish line fully a quar
ter of a mile lone was formed and ad
vanced under cover of huts and trees
until the rebels were discovered behind
hastily formed barricades of paving
stones and street car rails, commanding
two streets, and w-ithin two stone build
ing?. The firing from bushes and rhaeks I
became so hot that it was found i
sary to set fire to other shacks to wind- !
ward in order to smoke the rebels out,
and this having been done, an advance
was made upon the barricades. Both
were carried with a rush, but the rebels
made a determined stand within the
ruins of an old church, and it was not
until a detachment of the Oregon Volun
teers flanked them from an adjacent
brick building that they were moved
Thirty were shot within this inclosure
; and six more in another. Once the rebels
commenced to fall back it was easy to
: keep them moving, although they threw
i up barricades and hastily entrenched
themselves near the terminus or the
Malabon street railway.
This, however, occupied all of Thursday
morning, the rebels not being driven nut
of the city limits until long after d.-<v
liKht. While tluy left 113 dead on the
ground and several hundred were taken
1 prisoners, many escaped ir.to the swamp
i lands north of the city, thin side of Caloo
can, and are still believed to be in hid
; ing there. In order to guard against fur
; ther attacks of this nature the whole of
this section has been cleared, ail the na
ltives' shacks having been destroyed by
fire. The American loss was one private
of the Twenty-third Infantry killed, an
officer and three privates of the Minne
sota Volunteers and a private of the Or
egon Volunteers wounded.
While all of this was happening be
yond the scene of the fire the flames
rapidly consumed whole blocks of bam
boo structures, the popping of the explod
ing canes conveying the impression that
a regular battle was being fought. So
long as the fire wag confined to this class
of buildings no effort was made to sup
press It; but when it spread to other
streets lined with stone and brick build
ings a battalion of the Twenty-third Reg
iment relieved the native firemen and
fought the flames until noon, when they
were finally pubdued.
It Is impossible to estimate the amount
of damage done by these two fires, fully
2000 buildings being destroyed, together
with their contents.
WEDDING GIFTS
FOR MISS FAIR
Gorgeous Collection of
Presents.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK , April 2.— lntimate
friends of Miss Virri-ia Fair and of "W.
K. Vandarbllt Jr. had an opportunity
this afternon at the house of Mr. and
Mrs. Herman Oelrichs to view the mag
nificent wedding presents that have
been sent to the bride-to-be. These
presents wcra arranged on long tables
placed in the ballroom along: the sides
and across the conservatory, and
formed one of the most gorgeous dis
plays of wedding gifts ever seen in New
York.
Among the presents displayed there
was a groat amount of solid gold plate.
Charles Fair, brother of Miss Fair, sent
a pair of massive go! 1 candelabra, with
ten lights each. From Mrs. Herman
Oelrichs there v. as a set of twenty-four
compoteß, dishes for the dinner table
and a candelabrum, also of gold, and
from Mr. Oelrichs there were four
beautiful dishes.
Mr. and Mrs. H. McL.. Twombly sent
twenty-four" dishes of gold; Mr. Reg
inald Vanderbilt, a vase; Mr. and Mrs.
Mortimer Brooks, an oblong dish; Mr.
and Mrs. C. H. Mackay, a solid gold
toilet set, plain in design, but elegant;
Mr. and Mrs. William A. Duer. a pair
of gold bottles for the toilet table: Miss
Neilson, two tall golden candlesticks;
Mr. and Mrs. John R. Livermore. a
frame; Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker,
a beautifully wrought and pierced tray;
Mrs. William Burden, an after-dinner
coffee service of gold.
From the Duke and Duchers of Marl
borough there were four superb loving
cups of solid gold, very large and with
tl.- handles each.
Other gif + s included a brooch of tur
quoise and diamonds from Mrs. Will
iam Astor; a silver tea service and ob
lontr tray, of beautiful desien. from
Mr?. O. H. P. Belmont; a toilet set of
ivory for Mr. Vanderbilt's yacht, and
enameled with his monogram and
yacht club flag, from Mr. and Mrs. J.
Frederick Tarns; a pair of openwork
silV' vases, from Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Oelrichs. and a silver vase from Mrs.
Henry Clews.
The donors of most of these erifts
were at the house this aftertioon. Miss
Fair was attractive in a simple gown
of pale blue silk. Tea was served in
the hall, just outside the ballroom.
Mips Fair has presented to her neph
ew, the son of Herman Oelricha, a pony
find cart, and has given to her sister.
Mr*. Oelrichs, her share of the Newport
property, which they owned jointly.
MINISTER DUDLEY'S
WORDS APPLAUDED
The American Congratulates Chile
and Argentina on Having
Averted War.
Special table to The fall and the Kew York
l'-rald. Copyrighted, ISM, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LIMA, April 2.— The Chilean Minis
ter last night gave a banquet in honor
of the officers of the Argentine cruiser
Sacramento. Among the guests was
Irving B. Dudley, the United States
Minister, who was loudly applauded
when he finished an eloquent speech by
proposing "the happiness of two great
South American nations, which had the
patriotism and good sense to . submit
their differences to arbitration — the
mother of peace and the grandmother
of prosperity."
There was an immense crowd yes
terday to bid farewell to the Arch
bishop and Bishops who were starting
to attend the council in Rome, and
there was much emotion when the
Archbishop pronounced his benedic
tion. Illness compelled Bishop Falcon
to defer his visit.
ENGLAND BACKING
ITALY IN CHINA
San Mun Bay to Be Occupied by Ital
ians Before the Close of
April.
LONDON, April 3.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Daily Chronicle says he
learns in official circles that Italy and
Great Britain have arrived at an agree
ment which will result in Italian occupa
tion of San Mun Bay, province of Chi
Kiang, China, before April 25.
PEKING, April L.-The Hongkong
authorities are pressing for an expansion
of territory ceded to Great Britain by the
treaties of Canton and Nanking, on the
ground that more land is needed for Gov
ernment buildings. They propose to build
a custom-house for the collection of Chl
neSe revenues, and promise to increase the
opium duties £40,000 annually if the exten
sion is granted. In case of refusal they
threaten to remove the Chinese custom
house from British territory.
VDON, April 2.— The Poking corre
spondent of the Times says: The Chi
nese autnorities have notified tne British
Council at Tientsin that -he foreshore
recently opened at Port Chips Wan Tao
is reserved for a Chinese mining company.
The British legation has filed a protest,
pointing out that this action renders the
opening of the port nugatory. Friendly
relations continue between the German
legation and the Tsung Li Tamen, ana
China offers to grant a rai.wnv concession
if the German troops are withdrawn.
AMERICANS ATTACKED
BY CUBAN BANDITS
Two Men Set Upon Near Holguin and
Bobbed of -Their Arms and
Horses.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, April 2.-The
telegraph line to Havana, constructed by
the United States Signal Corps, is com
pleted and will be opened for commercial
messages to-morrow.
Five more bandits have been captured.
Including Nainon. a noted desperado. A
body of armed men a few days ago at
tacked two Americans in the neighbor
hood of Holguin, took their arms and
horses, and then wont still further north
tn rob the lighthouse at Gibara. Colonel
Gruble of the Second Immunes has gone
in pursuit. The trouble seems to have
grown out of the cessation of public
works in the province and the delay in the
approval of the estimates. Many who be
camo bandits during that period now re
fuse to return to work.
Strauss Visits the Sultan.
CONSTANTINOPLE, April 2.— Oscar
Strauss, the United States Minister, had
an audience with the Sultan yesterday.
The interview, which was protracted, was
of the most cordial character.
ODDITIES OF THE
CLEVELAND CAMPAIGN
Democratic Candidate Supported by Republicans
and a Republican Aided by
Democrats.
CLEVELAND, April 2.— More diversified elements have entered into
the munici ' campaign, which ends to-morrow, than is usual in political
contest?. There are two candidates. Democratic and Republican. The
Republican candidate is the present Mayor, Robert E. McKisson. who
has already been elected twice to office. The Democrat is John H. Far
ley, for many years Democratic boss of Northern Ohio, who was once
elected Mayor of Cleveland.
One of the peculiarities of the campaign is the fact that a Republi
can paper, the Cleveland Leader, is supporting the Democratic candi
date. Farloy, although he owns and operates two sa' xms, is warmly
supported by the Anti-Saloon League, and also numbers among his
aciive supporters the Christian Endeavor Union. The executive commit
tee of the Epworth League has also sent circular letters to members in
this city advising them to vote for Farlpy.
Party lines are entirely lost sight of. The fight is based on McKis
son's personality. He has the antagonism of Senator Hanna's friends
and adherents. Several ministers of the gospel have preached antl-Mc-
Kis~jn sermons, while on the other hand the Methodist. Ministers' Asso
ciation of the city has repudiated Farley and the Methodist Times which
published Farley's advertisement.
Another oddity of the campaign is the organization f about 300 phy
sicians of high stamV.ng in the city to work for Farley. One socially
prominent Jewish rabbi is making stump speeches for Parley, while an
other, recognized as the head of the orthodox Jews, has declared for Mc-
Xisson. Among the active lieutenants of the Democratic candidate are
Harry and James Garfield. sons of the late President, r.nd Webb C.
Hayes, son of the late Rutherford B. Hayes.
ELECTION ISSUES
IN OHIO CITIES
National Politics Will Be
Affected.
FIGHT AGAINST M'KINLEY
HIS FOES WORKING FOR CON
TROL OF THE STATE.
Robert McKisson, Whom Hanna De
feated for the Senate, a Candi
date for Mayor of
Cleveland.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Aril 2.— While the mu
nicipal elections in Ohio to-morrow are
for local offices, yet they have strong
bearings on State and National poli
tics, and also on factional interests in
both parties. The municipal machinery
will have great influence in the selec
tion of delegates to the State conven
tions, to be held next month or later,
and the candidates for the Gubernato
rial and other State nominations air
conducting aggressive canvasses now
in connection with the municipal elec
tions. The bearing on national politics
is seen in Senator Foraker's presence
and interest in the course of events.
Should a Republican Governor be elect
ed next November who is unfriendly to
the senior Ohio Senator, that Governor
would no doubt be at the head of the
State ticket for his second term two
years hence, when members of the
Legislature are elected to choose the
successor to Foraker. The friends of
the national administration want a sol
id Ohio delegation to the National Re
publican Convention a year hence.
The Republican candidate for Mayor
of Cleveland, the home of Senator Han
na is Robert MeKisson, who was the
fusion candidate befoi'e the Legislature
in January of last year for Senator
against Senator Hanna. It is said
throughout the State that McKisson is
running for a third term not for the
Mayoralty alone, but also for the pur
pose of having President McKinley,
Senator Hanna and others in the Ohio
State conventions this year and next
year and of controlling the four dele
gates from the Cleveland district, and.
if possible other Ohm delegates to the
national convention next year.
In other Ohio cities the factional
lines are less directly drawn. In To
ledo there are two Republicans running
for Mayor, while the Democrats have
but one candidate. In this city there
is no election for Mayor, but much in
terest is taken in the election of two
members of the Board of City Affairs
which controls the local municipal
patronage. The usual fight is being
waged by the Demorats and independ
ent Republicans against George B. Cox
as the Republican "boss."
MURDERS IN CHICAGO
AMONG WARD HEELERS
CHICAGO, April 2.— The order of the
Harrison campaign managers to their
heelers to resort to intimidation even to
the point of murder bore immediate fruit
to-day, and as a first result three men He
dead in their homes. Early this afternoon
Paul Lund, Democratic ward worker,
armed with a revolver and bad whisky,
went into a saloon at 104 Oak street and
became involved in an argument with
Arthur Lawson, a leader of the young
Swedish-Americans. Lawson. seeing
Lund was drunk and in no temper for
argument, started to leave the place, but
before reaching the door he was shot
down, dying in a few minutes.
Late to-night Baptiste Klnsella and
Eugene Thiel. both rival ward workers,
met in a saloon at 50 Polk street. Kln
sella, a partisan of "Hinky Dink" Kenna,
took offense at some remark made by
Thicl concerning the Democratic canal-
4 ate, and drawing a revolver shot him.
hiel fell, but struggled to his feet and
grappled with Kinsella. In the struggle
he secured possession of the revolver and
in turn shot Kinsella twice. By this time
the police reached the scene and stopped
the fight. Both men diod before the am
bulances called could arriv
BICYCLE TOURNAMENT
AT THE. CAPITAL CITY
Iver Lawson Wins the Five-Mile
Handicap and Cotter the
Mile Event.
SACRAMENTO, April 2.— The bicycle
tournament to-day under the auspices of
the Capital City Wheelmen was well at
tended. The day was all that could be
desired, except for a strong breeze set
ting against the riders on the back
stretch. The track was slow. Tt is used
for training horses daily, and the wheel
men could not obtain i;i ■< single flay of
preparation the hard surface desirable.
The riding was in Heavy dust over a
good part of the course, rendering rec
ord breaking out of the question. The
results were:
One mile- tandem handicap, profes- I
sional— Leonart and Barnahy, of Chi
cago (25 yards), won; Downing and Cot
ter. San Jose (scratch), second; Turvilla
and Lawson (15 yards), third. Time.
2:10 4-5.
One mile amateur handicap— MoXiss
won. Valentine second, Robinson third,
McEller fourth. Time, 2:46%. Davidson,
Patterson and Schnerr aJso started.
Otto Zeigler of San Jose, who four
years ago lowered the world's i cord on
the same track, went a half-mile exhibi
tion, paced by Clem Turville, in 1:01:
One mile, open, professional, paced by
J. Lawson — Cotter, Tacoma. won; I. Law
son, Chicago, second; Downing, San Jose,
third. Time. 2:07 2-5. Ziegler, TurvHle.
Barnaby, Wells of San Francisco. Julius
of Sweden and Leonart of Buffalo also
started.
Five-mile handicap, professional— l.
Lawson (scratch) won. Cotter (60 yards)
second. Barnaby (70 yards) third. Wells
(80 yards) fourth. John Lawson (VJi
yards), fifth. Clem Turville. sixth.
Time. 12:07%. Downing f250 yards'), Leon
art (50 yards), Krafts (175 yards), Julius
(200 yards) and Ashinger (450 yards) also
started.
"Baby" Gibson, paceri by tandems, went
an exhibition mile in 2:01, and says he
could have made it away below 1:40 if
the pace had permitted.
Ten-mile invitation race, for six-day
riders only, paced for nine miles by Wells
and Dlxon — the distance was covered in
27:45. John Law son won. John Chapman
of Atlanta second, Barnaby third. Oscar
Julius fourth and "Old Man" Ashinger.
ex-world's champion long distance rider,
a. good fifth.
Brings Admiral Spotts' Body.
Spe<~inl Table to The Call and the N'pw York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LIMA, Peru. April 2.— The United States
cruiser Badger, carrying the body of
Rear-Admiral James H. Spotts of the
T'nitrd States navy, who was burled in
the Falkland Islands in 1882, to-day re
sumed her journey to San Francisco.
Blizzard in South Dakota.
PIERRE, S. D., April 2.— A furious
Easter snowstorm has been raging here
all day, about six inches of snow having
fallen already. It is drifting badly and
the temperature is falling. The hay sup
ply is practically exhausted, and as graz
ing is impossible the stockmen are con
fronted by a serious condition.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"He Who Pursues Two
Hares Catches Neither/
Said a. well known young
man about town, **I tried
for years to burn the candle
at both ends, in the pursuit
of pleasure 'while trying to
attend to business. My blood,
stomach and kidneys got into
a wretched state and it
seemed that I could not carry
the burden any longer.
"But now my rheumatism has gone,
my courage has returned, and all on
account of that marvel, Hood's Sarsa-
parilla, which has made me a picture of
health. Now I'm in for business pure
and simple." " •
Catarrh of the Stomach— "l have
been taking Hood's Sarsaparilla for about,
three months. It has entirely cured ca-
tarrh of the stomach, which troubled me
since I was ten years old." EDW. F. SED-
DON JR., SO6 South 4th St., Camden, N. J.
Nervous Prostration — "Catarrhal
neuralgia and catarrh of the bladder
brought on nervous prostration. I riuM
hardly walk. Hood's Sarsaparilla cured
me and my weight changed from 9S to
139." MRS. E. E. BROWN, Easton, N. H.
Eczema— "My daughter suffered from
birth with running eczema sores till she
was 14. Physicians did no good, but
Hood's Sarsaparilla permanently cured
her. and we are grateful." E. W. RICE,
! Rice Farm, Sudbury, Mass.
Erysipelas— "For ten years my face
would break and swell and burn with
erysipelas. When I had used three bottles
iof Hood's Sarsaparilla 1 was entirely
! cured. It later on cured my grip." MRS
- SARAH SIEGLER, 15 Cherry St., New-
port, R. I.
Scrofula— "l am 77 years old and ow©
my good health and steady nerves to
Hood's Sarsaparilla, as it cured me of
scrofula, rheumatism and catarrh. It has
prolonged my life." JAMES BROWN
j ioo3 Pearl Street, Cleveland, Ohio.
Tired Feelingr — "My appetite was
: capricious, my liver disordered and I was
tired. Hood's Sarsaparilla relieved it all
It cured a friend of mine of female weak-
ness." MRS. JESSIE A. MEARNS, Clay-
! ton, Del.
Hood's Pills cure liver Ills; the non-irrttat-
lng and only cathartic to take with Hood'g
Sarsaparilla.
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
P er^t digestion. riltlQn I
healthful regularity
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder, Female Irl
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness Con-
| stipation. Piles and all derangements of tha
: Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggist.
1 or by mall. RADWAY & CO., New Yi*_ *CUBANS MUST SOON
ACCEPT THE TERMS
OR LOSE PAYMENT
Greater Delay May Cause the
United States to Withdraw
the Three Millions Sent.
WASHINGTON. April 2.— lt was reiterated to-night by two members
of the Cabinet that no consideration will be paid to any proposition for
money for the Cuban army outside the $3,000,000 fund now awaiting
their acceptance, and, furthermore, it is hinted that if too much trouble
and deliberate delay occurs preliminary to that amount being turned
over to the Cubans, the $3,000,000 may be withdrawn and no payment of
any sort be made by this Government on account of Cuban troops. No
proposition for an additional sum will be considered in any form.
WASHINGTON, April 2— C. M. |
who \< is alleged is engineering
the Bcheme for a 120, 000,000 loan Issue
to the Cuban Assembly, and is said to
be the author of the mysterious dis
• the Cuban Assembly urging
. . not to disband on the ground
of a g 1 prospect of securing more
than the 53,000,000 offered by the
• Unil . is in Washington. Mr.
to-night was in conference with
t senfeld. He admitted that he
was the man who had been working on
the plan to establish a $20,000,000 bond
issue to be paid for out of the Cuban
.ues now collected by the United
He said he represented a
c with *20, .000 capital,
which intend--,: the loan.
-I came to this city from Havana
last- Sun "I nave . n ; ir ■
been in hiding. 1 spent one month in
Cuba, and was around In the open air
every day seeing the members of the
1 met General
BrO( | myself known to
him. I cxi y viewa of the 91tu '
| ,00,000 payment
irmy it will create*-,
jt utur) n and disloyalty, •
wn il< ! 't, paid out of the
would solve the Cu
ba r.
it your $20,000,000?" he was
is back of it and where
gave no satisfactory an- j
, tuestion.
assurances," he said to- j
night, that the money will be ready
.: • th- plan for a loan is
1 have already told you that
I Ital. 1 am simply doing
work."
. he did not care whether the
issembly continued in Bession
t. Mr. Coen offered no explana
- n Washington and
■: at he was here to Bee Govern
•l have nothing to do
administration of this coun
. not intend to see them," he
■
\ ANA. April 2.— General Maximo
ng letter directed to his
■ Santo Domingo, reviews his
:. differences with the so-called military
mbly. He begins by describing the
• situation as it was when Robert
•' 1\ Porter, as the special representa- ;
-.'.five .ieiu McKinley, visited
:--.Cuba after the Assembly's representa- j
at Washington had obtained a !
Ise of 53.000.000 from the Presi-
The writer, proceeding, says:
n the part of the Assem
■ I approved. It was then
■ appeared and asked me i
■ In chief to decide to ac
aid in Its distribu- ;
rming of the army, and to
rthwith to Havana to assist
3 tes Military Governor.Gen
d, and on arriving at
I • ferred with General Brooke
ning the payment and disarms- j
•he adjustment of all:
that led up to the termina
liculous armed occupation I
DEMAND ON
GERMANY FOR
INDEMNITY
;. America and England to File
f" ,■.';■• Claims Because of
%iy Samoan Affair.
£  ■' : Special Dispatch to The Call.
•Ji;:'ICEW YORK, April 2.— Washington
-Special to the Journal says: The State
.[•jCXepartment has cabled Consul Osborne
,:kt Apia for a full report of the recent
■Fa-moan outbreak, so that the claim for
indemnity for the death of the Ameri
can marine killed while guarding the
■ United States consulate may be
'.-promptly filed at Berlin. Great Britain,
■.which lost three sailors, it is learned on
: .the best authority, is pursuing the same
'.course.
The aggregate amount to be de
manded of Germany, while still unde
termined, will undoubtedly be very
large. The report from Osborne is
'.•necessary as a basis for the claim.
p. WASHINGTON, April The opin
ion Is expressed in official circles here
.that the outlook for a satisfactory and
...•peaceful final adjustment of Samoan
is decidedly hopeful. The state
• ment was made to-day in a well-in
formed quarter that it is altogether
' likely that the Joint high commission,
1/y virtue of the plenary powers vested
:, : ih.its individual members, will be able
. ;jtp' "conclude a settlement of the Sa- j
.•.rrjp'a.n question satisfactory to all the
'powers concerned, and that there is
■such an understanding between the
.three powers L 3 almost certainly will
..prevent any disagreement such us
.'would, .make it necessary to ask
' s\irip Oscar of Sweden and Norway to
• |u!t as- umpire.
..-'The peaceful solution of this delicate
question, full of possibilities of serious
' t.ro.iible, is regarded as a triumph of
.diplomacy and as furnishing the
iHtrnnßest- kind of evidence of a desire
.vijn "the -part of Germany, as well as of
Jtjie. other powers, to maintain the most
;£micable relations with the other pow
ers, ■■}■ .
,:C.-LpNDON, April 3.— The Times, in an
'"edj'tortal on the Samoan controversy,
: fays: "We do not suppose that Eng
land will offer an objection to the Joint
/conrmission proposal. Although Ad
rnTfal Kautz' downright fashion of say
.•Tflg- what he means is ill adapted to !
-soo'the'the susceptibilities of others his
'„' -dispatch ha« the merit of raising a I
direct issue. Probably the best way of
securing a modus Vivendi would be a I
- — _ .
! and began to enterain hopes of an early
return to San Domingo.
Assembly then called upon me to
visit its president, savins that the object
sought was an unofficial ' exchange of
But they placed me upon the bench
of the accused, my crime being that I
was Inclined to accept the $3,000,000 which
Assembly itself, by its representa
tives, had Induced President McKinley
to promote, a matter as to which I had
not been consulted. It appeared that I
had broken off negotiations with the $3,-
I. To all this 1 replied that 1 had
pted in the best of faith, but noth
ing had been lost, as I could withdraw
the acceptance I had given. They then
n quested me to array myself on their
in order to give strength to their
resolutions. I rfnswered that I had al
ways done so and would continue to do
so except in cases where the course of the
Assembly was opposed to my conscience,
to my sense of justice and to my idea
nf the best interests of Cuba.
Regarding the matters under consld
• ration, I said I had no hope of obtain
ing more than the $3,000,000 from the Uni
ted States, and disapproved asking more,
contending that the sum left was to
raise a loan for which the Assembly
I icked adequate authority. Furthermore.
1 pointed out that the soldiers could not
wait; that already they were too great a
burden upon the people of Cuba, and
that longer delay appeared to me to be
cruel.
The conference ended without accom
plishing anything-. I paw I could not
make myself understood by the Assembly,
and decided not to be mixed up in its
doings, but to await developments. A few
days later three men whom I did not
know visited me and said that several
million acres stood "dry to fair " against
a loan of many millions, but that the
matter was possible only with my co
operation. I answered that I could not
consider any proposition of the kind, and
regarded it as strange that any one
would be ready to lend money without a
guarantee. My visitors replied that the
City Council could arrange a guarantee.
Then a committee of the Ass- mbly ap
proached me, askng me t>> support t
sembly's efforts to obtain a loan. To this
I replied that Cuba could not make a
loan, as she lacked the necessary author
ity. The next day the Assembly <!,
me. I consider I have acted honorably,
and my strongest desire is to return
home."
COURTS IN HAVANA
TO BE RE-FORMED
HAVANA. April 2.— To-day, as under
the Spanish regime, bribery and fraud
direct the Cuban courts. This is the firm
conviction of the military administration.
Governor General Brooke is taking the
matter up and intends to clean out the
corruption, to revise the judicial proced
ure, to change the court personnel and
to abolish the barbarous practice of in
communicado, by which a Judge may lm
prison for life a person Ignorant of the
accusation ;iir;ilnst him, and of the names
of his acctis
It is true that the statutes allow only
three days' detention Incommunicado, but
a judge, under the practice that has
grown up, m^y make a new commitment
at the expiration of the third day, and at
the expiration of the sixth and so on,
without limit.
More than this, the evidence in criminal
cases Is t;«ken by clerks, who. fur a con
sideration, write into the testimony thing*
never utterd. thus often making the best
friends of the accused appear to condemn
him. Apparently the whole 'criminal and
civil systems have been arranged so as
to make it easy to buy and sell justice.
general change in personnel until a
more permanent exchange can be
made."
GERMANY'S PURPOSE
IN SEIZING I-CHAU
Would Force the Chinese Government
to Grant Valuable Con
cessions.
TACOMA, April 2.— Oriental advices
throw light on news from Berlin that
Germany is to send an expedition to
seize I-Chou, Shantung province. Ac
, cording to a letter received at Shanghai
from I-Chou. Germany's real purpose
is to compel the Chinese Government
to grant to German firms some big
commercial concessions. Late in Feb
ruary ten German capitalists and of
ficials reached I-Chou, representing
throe different syndicates. The
\ desire concessions for building rail
roads and exploiting Shantung's min
eral resources. Already Carlowitz &
a German firm, is operating drills
in the coal fields near Weihien, where
it will make thorough explorations for
coal and gas. It was expected in Feb
ruary at I-Chou that Germany would
• make some such move.
FINLANDERS URGED TO
• UPHOLD THEIR RIGHTS
Called "Upon to Resist the Czar's
Move for the Russification
of Finland.
NEW YORK, April 2.-The Finnish-
American Central Committee recently ap
pointed by the Finlanders resident in the
United States to organize opposition in
the Western Hemisphere to the i'7.ur f *
recent ukase for the Russificatlon of Fin
land to-day Issued an address to all Fin
landers in the United Btatea and Canada,
calling upon thf m to "rise up as one man,
strong in the knowledge of the righteous
cause, and uphold their sacred right- be
fore the world."
FORTS ON THE FALKLANDS.
England Will Construct Defensive
Works on the Islands.
Special Cable tn The ''all ami the .Vow York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by Jamea Cor
don Hennett.
BUENOS AYRES. April 2,~The Brit
ish (Jovernment is about to send an en
gineering corps of 1400 men to fortify
Port Stanley and other points on the
Falkland Islands. The gunboat Beagle,
which is now there, will return to Eng
land* and be replaced by the Pegasus.
Archbishop Castellano and six Argen
tine Bishops will embark on April is f, ir
Rome to participate in the South Ameri
can Council. _
MARINES CAUSE A ROW.
Men From the Resolute Fight With
Havana Police
HAVANA, April 2.— Late this afternoon
a slight conflict occurred at La Machina
wharf between the police and some
marines and sailors of the Resolute. The
appearance of General Ludlow and the
police reserves quelled the disturbance
It la asserted that the marines, who were
more or less intoxicated, started the row.
Several shots were tired before the ar
rival of the Military Governor and the
police reserves under Chief Menocal. The
marine returned to the Resolute. One
policeman was wounded ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1899.
MILES HAS
SUSTAINED
HIS CHARGES
Testimony Before the Court
of Inquiry Proves Bad
Beef Was Supplied.
EAGAN'S EXPERIMENT
Refrigerated and Canned Meat Sent
to the West Indies by Order of
Secretary of War Alger.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 2.— The Washinx-
I ton correspondent of the Herald tele
! graphs: Summing up facts brought
out by the investigation of the beef
' court of inquiry, now nearing a close.
! the friends of Major General Miles be
lieve that he has established the lus
: tice of his allegations. They assert that
| he has proved:
First — That canned and refrigerated
j beef issued to troops were unfit for use.
Second — That they were issued as a
■ "pretense of experiment." because
: canned roast beef, which as a part of
! the army ration had long been obsolete.
I was revived during the Spanish war,
I but is no longer issued to troops. All
; the facts go to show that In the great
i civil war and in Indian campaigns beef
i was furnished to the army on the hoof.
; The army in Cuba is now supplied with
■ beef on the block.
Third — That chemical processes for
preserving beef were fully discussed
with Commissary General Eagan to
I show that refrigerated beef could be
: kept in the tropics only by means of a
preservative, and according to the
statements of Messrs. Sypher, Giddings
| and Simpson as to conversations with
; General '. .lagan, his only c::cuse for not
■ giving contracts for live cattle to Tex
an firms was that beef firms had pre
servatives for keeping beef seventy-two
hours which would be given a fair trial,
and if unsuccessful he would then
award contracts to Texans for supply
■ ing cattle on the hoof.
Fourth — That Commissary General
Eagan and SecretaryAlger were respon
; sible for supplying "embalmed beef"
; and canned ruast beef to the army, the
' general being Alger's agent; since, ac
cording to Mr. Giddings, General Eagan
, said to him that Secretary Alger had
! asked him to give the contracts to a
Chicago firm, and he considered the re
quest equivalent to an order.
But while General Miles Is confident
' that he has established the truth of
' his charges, he purposes during the few
I remaining sessions of the court to pro
| duce evidence which will further sub
! stantiate th-m.
I was told to-day that the court of
I inquiry is now convinced of the un
i fitness of canned roast beef for issue.
: although General Miles intimated he
' had about 40,000 witnesses who were
'. willing to testify regarding it. The
; court hopes to close its investigation
within ten days, and will then deliber
-1 ate un the evidence, nrobably reporting
early in May at the latest.
MAY MEAN A SHORT
LINE TO THE GULF
Receivership of the Kansas City,
Pittsburg and Gulf Railroad Due
to Acts of Unfriendly Stock
holders.
KANSAS CITY, April 2.— The receiver
ship for the Kansas City, Pittsburg and
Gulf Railroad, granted in this city late
last night by Judge Gibson of the Cir
cuit Court, will, according to the reports
of officials, interfere in no way with the
operation of the4""operty, and the reor
ganization plans which have been making
lor Borne time will, it is claimed, go for
ward without delay. The receivers, all
of whom arc Kansas City men, are
friendly to the president of the road,
Arthur E. Stillwell, who has engineered
the property from its inception. The
act, they declare, is a friendly one, and
was made necessary to head off unfriend
ly Eastern stockholders, who contem
plated similar action.
The history of the Kansas City, Pitts
burg and Gulf Railroad and its joint en
terprises, the northern connecting lines
and the Port Arthur ship canal, contains
practically a realization of the long de
sired short line to Che gulf. The finishing
:•■ line was accomplished mainly
through the efforts of A. K. S till well, for
merly vice president and now president
of the road. The road grew out of tne
old Kansas City, Nevada and Fort Smith
line, of Which E. L. Martin was presi
dent. The Nevada and Fort Smith lino
was projected to run to the gulf, but
only a comparatively short part of it was
finished when Mr. Btillwell picked up the
proposition.
AMERICANS ACCUSED
OF SLAYING WOMEN
Japanese Newspapers Allege -hat No
Mercy Is Shown In the
Philippines.
VICTORIA. B. C, April 2.-The steamer
Tartar arrived from the Orient to-day
after a stormy voyage. She brings news
of the massacre of twenty-nine farmers
by aborigines at Byorsetsu, Japan.
Germany is said to be concentrating a
Beet at Amoy with the intention of seizing
Futslen.
Dispatches from Tokio to Japanese
cn;»st papers charge Americans with hav
inp shot down men, women and children
in the Philippines.
BRITISH TORPEDO-BOAT
DISPATCHED TO CANTON
Serious Disturbances Necessitate the
Presence of a Force to Pro
tect Aliens.
LONDON, April 2.— According to a dis
patch to the Daily Mall from Hongkong,
serious disturbances have recently oc
curred in the vicinity of Canton, and a
British torpedo boat has been sent to pro
tect British interests. The destroyer will
soon be followed by otner vessels carry
ing troops.
DEAD NUMBER EIGHTY.
Passengers Who Were Lost on the
Wrecked Stella.
LONDON. April 3.— The morning papers
publish the approximate lists of drowned
passengers of the steamer Stella of the
London and Southwestern Railw; v Com
pany, which was wrecked upon the Cas
<)uet Rocks, near the island of Alderney,
last Thursday afternoon. These show the
death roll to include about elgnty.
Spain's Embassador to England.
MADRID, April 2.— lt is announced that
Count dr Vlllafyeonzo, the Spanish Em
bassador to Russia, has been appointed
Spanish Embassador to Great Britain.
BROADER TREATY
WITH CHINA MAY
SOON BE ADOPTED
President McKinley's Assur=
ances to Mongolians in
Hawaii.
BY DANIEL LOGAN.
HONOLULU. March 25.— From a
trustworthy source I have obtained
the substance of an interesting com
munication received by Chinese Consul
Pin from the Chinese Minister in
"Washington. It describes an audience
had with President McKinley by the
Minister.
President McKinley assured the Min
ister of his sympathy for the Chinese,
who had been put to great Inconve
nience, and in some cases hardships,
through the strict enforcement of the
instructions of the Treasury Depart
ment to its inspector sent to Honolulu
to supervise immigration matters un
der the Newlands resolution.
Furthermore, the President said that
he had expressed to the Treasury De
partment his desire that the Chinese
coming and going between the Hawaii
an Islands and their native country be
treated with the utmost courtesy and
consideration. The provisions of the
treaty with China should, in their case,
be interpreted with the greatest liber
ality.
The Minister was also informed that
there was a prospect, in view of the
changed relations between the United
States and the far East in consequence
of the American acquisition of the
Philippine Islands, of a broader treaty
of amity and commerce with China at
a not distant period.
President McKinley expressed his
high appreciation of the manner in
which the Minister had brought the
case of his aggrieved countrymen at
Honolulu to the attention of the ad
ministration. Nothing had been fur
ther from the President's thoughts than
that the application of the exclusion
laws to the Hawaiian Islands should
have been the occasion of annoyance
or injustice to any of the Minister's
countrymen.
President Dole's Cabinet still lacks a
Minister of Foreign Affairs and Public
Instruction. There are no foreign af
fairs that do not belong to Washington
to arrange. Hawaii has quite a lot of
public instruction, however, in its free
school system, which is messing up se
riously every day that the department
is without a head.
Attorney General Cooper was asked
as to the rumor to the effect that the
Cabinet trouble was owing to the in
tention of Mr. Dole to retire from the
Presidency. He answered that there
was nothing in the report.
The unheralded arrival of a freight
steamer from Tacoma yesterday, it is
said on good authority, may prove to
be the starting of a second line between
Puget Sound and island ports. On the
same day came the news that the Brit
ish-American Line with headquarters
at Seattle, has a small auxiliary boat
to the pioneer steamer oaronne on the
way hither. In a month a 6600-ton
steamship— or one bigger than the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company's China
CYCLERS' ROAD RACES.
i
Olympic and Bay City Wheelmen's
Events Yesterday.
The Olympic club "Wheelmen held a ten
miic Bealed handicap mad race yesterday
morning over the stretch known as the
second relay, ending In San Mateo.^ The
starters were: E. F. Russ, E. O. Krag
ness, George E. Kroetz, Percy Dell. Joe !
Kingsley, Eddie Adam.-;, Hank Ford,
James Smith. 11. S. Henderson. T. H.
While. J. Bailey, J. A. Anthony, J. F.
Carroll and George Tantau. The men
rode alone, unpaced, two minutes apart.
The best time was made by "White, t
27:15 2-6 for the ten miles. Tom Meberin i
acted .-is starter, and John A. Hammer
smith and William Mackle scored the
finish. The run was v« ry successful, and |
from this and subsequent try-outs the
club's relay team will be chosen.
The Bay City Wheelmen held a five
mile handicap from San Leandro to Hay
wards. Nineteen men started, of whom \
sixteen finished, as per the following i
table:
-i
a
o
3
CONTESTANT.
Handi-
cap.
Net Riding
Time.
1 L. Dezert
2 IJ. F. Kelly
3 F. Boeckman
4 lE. A. Rusac
5 I. R. Llnd
6 Charles Reuser
7 W. B. Longwlll
8 1.. Henning
9 W. C. Stevens
10 W. C. Helen
11 ii-.i Chapman
12 George Felix
13 Charles Grafe
14 i-;. R. Fleming
15 .1. Williamson
16 R. J. Black I
i 1:20
1:20
:40
:20
, Scratch.
to
1:00
:40
1:00
. 1:00
.1:00
Scratch.
1 :40
1:00
i Scratch.
[ Scratch.
13:48
13:48 1-5
13:16
12:56 1-5
12:36 2-5
13:16 3-5
13:36 4-:.
13:17
13:37 2-5
13:37 3-5
13:37 4-5
12:42
13:45
11:15
13:22
13:80
Champion James R. Kenna was among |
the starters, but only went in to help !
pace the scratch men, and did not sprint !
with them at the finish. Kenna has I
given up cycle racing. Ivan Treadwcll
did not finish, and Gus Fleissner sustained
a bad fall, injuring his left hand. The i
officials were: Henry Day, starter; j
Frank H. Kerrigan, E. F. Fahrbach, Dr. |
E. T. Mervy and H. W. Spalding, timers
and judges. A
Clarence N. Ravlin has given up cy»
cling, and leaves for Alaska in a day or
two. He was very prominent In the
sport, and will br sadly missed in its
legislative gatherings.
DYING IN SQUALOR.
John Sheehan, Aged and Paralytic,
Left by the Police to Perish.
John Sheehan is adding day by day to
hi; already groat burden of 70 years in
the most wretched poverty. In a little
hovel in Butchortown. on Fourth avenut,
between M and N streets, palsied ana
purblind, in an atmosphere made pesti
lential by ever heaping squalor, he Is
merely existing on the charity of neigh
bors, awaiting the day when the deliver
an< !' of death shall come.
The condition of the old man is most
pitiable. He i.s unable to procure or pre
pare; food for himself, he has no relatives
and is entirely dependent on the mertest
charity for the little food he manages t"
eat. Three times has the attention of
the police been called to his condition,
aril three times have they failed to nid
hint. They say each time that nothing
can be done to better his condition and
tha'_ he is "all right." Now and then
neighbors, almost as poor, if not as de
ciei it as himself, take food to the old
man, but that meagor charity will soon
end. as his humble benefactors say they
can 10 longer assist him.
LAID ALL BROOMS ASIDE.
Janitors Out for an Airing and an
Organization.
The dust lay thick on office, floors and
tiled hallways yesterday, for the janitors
were all off on a holiday, and such things
as a broom or dust brush were not to be
considered.
Th*»y found a place to picnic out at Har
bor View Park, which being swept by the
west winds with true Janftorial energy,
kept unpleasant reminders of duty un
done away from the plcnickerß and al
— will be running In conjunction with
the Garonne. Frank "Waterhouse. pres
ident of the company, writes that he is
determined to capture the Hawaiian
trade for the sound. His vessels are
British bottoms, and will continue to be
so until American navigation laws are
extended to Hawaii.
The financial substantiality of local
banks is illustrated by the prompt
honoring the other day of Mr. Pollitz's
check for $250,000 in payment of 1000
shares of Honokaa Plantation by the
bank of Claus Spreckels & Co.
There are murmurlngs at the pros
pect of having a garrison of colored
troops in Honolulu. It is especially
deprecated by native Hawaiians. who
had been assured in the annexation
propaganda that as citizens of the
United States the" would not be
classed as negroes. Another military
item that is received unkindly Is an in
timation by last mail of the Intention
of the V'ar Department to condemn for
its purposes a large tract of land near
Honolulu. This land has been marked
by promoters for a harbor frontage
and city extension deal. This is upon
Kalihi harbor, which could be connect
ed with Honolulu by a short canal.
STRICKEN BY PARALYSIS.
Master of the British Bark Inver-
mark Dangerously HI.
HONOLULU, March 26.— Captain Alex
ander G. Phillips of the British bark In
vennark was stricken wfth paralysis on
March 23. He had been ashore in the
afternoon and returned to the vessel
shortly before 5 o'clock. He was ap
parently in the best of health, and dis
cussed matters concerning the ship with
First Officer Smith. Then he sat down
at his desk and began to write and Mr.
Smith went out on deck. Four or five
minutes later the steward called to the
first officer that something was the mat
ter with' the captain. Hurrying to the
cabin Mr. Smith found the captain lying
on the floor, where he had fallen from his
chair, his entire right side paralyzed. He
was conscious, but unable to speak.
The patient lapsed into unconsciousness
and has remained in that condition ever
since. The physicians, however, have
strmiK hopes of his recovery, as he is a
man of strong constitution and is a com
paratively young man.
Captain Phillips is 44 years of age, and
has followed the sea since he was 13. He
has bf-cn master of a vessel for fli'teen
or twenty years. His home is in Aber
deen, Scotland, where he has a wife and
four children.
The Jnvermark is due to sail hence in
about a week for Taltal, Chile, to load
saltpeter.
Rights of a Corporation.
HOXOI.ru- . March 2fi.— Two Judges of
the Supreme Court to-day handed down
a decision in the case of the Hawaiian
Government vs. the Oahu Railway and
Land Company, a bill for injunction, in
which it is declared uiat private corpo
rations have not the authority to con
demn Government land for their own
uses.
lowed the day to go by in peace and idle
ness.
The idea was to form a brotherhood—
a. brotherhood of janitors— an organiza
tion which was to include every man who
could swing a broom for more than ten
minutes at a stretch or was willing to
Bcrub windows above a second-story al
titude. There were janitors enough to
form a political convention before i-.e
day was very old, but they preferred to
spend their time in the dancing pavilion
with the Janitresses to spending it in ses
sion of organization: and so the day went
by with no brotherhood and no meeting
and nothing but a picnic, which, how
ever much of a success it might have
been, did but little toward forming a
league of janitors out for the dust and
sworn enemies of scattered waste paper
and grimy glass.
Then- was an attempt to hold a meet
ing toward tlie close of the festivities of
the day, but by that time most of the
available material for offices had depart
ed and the new organization was left in
its embryonic stage until there can be
another picnic or another holiday.
It Is intended to make the brotherhood
a purely social body. "It will have no
political significance" is the reply to any
questions touching its purpose.
ROBBED OF HER JEWELRY.
Miss Maggie Sullivan Minus a King
and Breastpin.
Policeman S. \Y. Dasmann arrested
"Deedy" Randahan in Ocean View last
evening and charged him with assault
and robbery. A Miss Maggie Sullivan,
who lives in Ocean View, reported to the
police officer that Randahan had ap
proached her on I .road street, near Head.
in Ocean View, and bad forcibly taken
from her an amethyst ring and a breast
pin. The jewels were not found in Ran
aahan's possession when he was searched
at the police station.
Railroad Changes.
The new schedule of time on the San
Mateo line went into effect yesterday,
and all cars of the ferries branch ran.
direct to Glen Park, where transfers were
issued to the cemeteries line. Although
the service, according to the new regula
tions, was a great improvement, the re
opening of Glen Park yesterday brought
fully 8000 people to the popular resort and
taxed the carrying capacities of the rail
road to Its full extent.
It was thought some three weeks ago
that the Mission-street line would op
erate its enrs over the San Mateo Elec
tric Company's track from the intersec
tion of Twenty-ninth street, but this
agreement seems to have fallen through,
resulting in the difficulty of the San
Mateo road to handle the great crowds
which visited Glen Park yesterday.
To celebrate the reopening of the park
an exceptionally fine musical and vaude
ville programme hnd been arranged. The
Tivnli Theater orchestra rendered some
choice musical selections and the vaude
ville programme was select and interest
ing.
Death of Dennis Straub.
ALAMEDA, April 2.— Dennis Straub, a
prominent contractor and builder and an
old resident of Alameda, died suddenly
at midnight at his home. X.17 Hibbard
street. Since last Thanksgiving day he
had been suffering with rheumatism,
which linnlly attacked his heart. He was
a native of Wurtemberg, Germany, aged
7fi years, and had resided in Alameda for
thirty-three years to a day at the time
of his death. Deceased was a member
of Harmonic I>odge No. 13, I. O. O. F. . of
Ran Francisco. He leaves a widow and
six stepchildren— Charles. Fred, John and
L,ouls Fischer, Mrs. Annie Bruns and
Mrs. R. W. Pfaeffle. The funeral will
tnke place on Tuesday from the family
residence.
For the School Fund.
Professor Henry W. Rolfe of the TTni
versity of Chicago will lecture this (Mon
day) evening before the civic section of
the California Club at the Young Men's
Christian Association on the life and
works of Robert Louis Stevenson, the
novelist. The proceeds will go to the fund
for decorating the public schools.
Coursing at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, April 2.— At the coursing to
day Forgive won the 42-aog stake, with
Liongr-shot Conley second. A large num
ber of excursionists from San Francisco
witnessed the sport.
SICKNESS
Why Supt Doherty Recommends
Paine's Celery Compound,
Whnt Colonel Waring did for the streets t cheerfully recommend it for all in need of
of New York Superintendent Doherty has | such a remedy. Respectfully yours,
done for Chicago. ML J. DOHERTY. ■
As Superintendent of the recently con- Suparintendent Bureau of Streets,
solidated departments of Streets and Paine's celery compound is not an or-
Street-cleaning, Mr. Doherty has made i dinary remedy. It is the most wonderful
many reforms in the construction and re- ■■ invigorator the world has ever known,
pair of Chicago streets and in solving the j The character of the testimonials to
difficult problem of cleaning the highways | p p ine's celery compound is in marked
of the second largest city in the country, j contrast to those received by any other
Mr. Doherty is an authority on city san- ' remedy. People with ample means of
itation, the collection and removal of , getting the most efficient medical assist-
garbage, and on all matters pertaining to i ance employ Paine's celery compound in
the public health. His carefully consider- j the ir families and recommend it to others
ed selection of Paine's celery compound ; It la a conspicuous fact, and one that
as the best possible spring remedy he , should be borne , n mind by ons gu£ .
could take and carry home to his family . ferlng from the effects of im blood Qr
is the recommendation of as competent a . a weakened Rer vous system, that Paine'a
person in such matters as can be found . eel comp ound, the "discovery of Pro-
outside the medical profession fessor Edward E . Phe i ps , M . D ., LL.D.,
Department of Public orks, Bureau of !of the n na t Medical School i* th«"
Streets. Chicago, March 14. 1898. or tne Dartmouth Medical bchool, is the
I have found Paine's celery compound ' one remedy for regulating the nerves and
the best possible remedy for one in need of purifying the blood, that is used by physi-
a spring medicine; as an invigorator for cians in their own families and ordered to
the nervous system it is invaluable. I their patients.
BEATEN BEFORE A
SHOT WAS FIRED
Mistakes of Cervera at
Santiago.
OBSERVATION OF A GERMAN
SPANIARDS HALF-HEARTED IN
THE FIGHT.
Commander Jacobson of the Imperial
Cruiser Geir Says Dread Was
Opposed by Calm
Assurance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 2.— The bu
reau of naval intelligent of the Navy-
Department has issued the last of the
series of sketches of the Spanish-
American war by Commander Jacob
son of the German protected cruiser
Gelr. It deals with the condition of the
Spanish ships after the battle of San
tiago. This portion of the sketch con
tains a n-mber of otservations regard
ing the technical effect of our gun fire
which will interest naval officers. The
most interesting observations are those
upon the strategy, or lack of it. dis
played by Cervera. The Spanish ad
miral having been ordered to leave the
harbor to remove the main object of
attack upon Santiago, Commander Ja
cobson says his position was most dif
ficult. He did not dare make an at
tempt at night, and so decided to go
out in broad daylight.
'The whole crew," says, "fell a
victim to this fatal decision. Instruc
tions for the sortie and the western
course were issued. The admiral was
entirely convinced of the impossibility
of defeating the enemy or of reaching
another Cuban harbor, even if he
should succeed in steaming right
through the hostile fleet. It is to this
feeling of helplessnops and impotence
as against ttte American naval forces,
more than to anything else, that I am
able to define that the disaster was
due. The Spanish ships had spent a
month and a half in the harbor with
out even attempting to attack the
blockading fleet when a favorable op
portunity presented itself, or even
harassing it. The two torpedo boat de
stroyers were not used for the purpose
for which they were intended. This in
activity and lack of initiative must
have had a very demoralizing effect on
the officers and men. If we add to this
the certain knowledge that the opposing
forces were muc" stronger, it will
be readily understood that the idea
of general flight after coming out of
the harbor entrance was the only ac
ceptable one, especially in view of the
possibility of beaching the ships, there
by rendering them unserviceable and
eventually rescuing the crew.
"From the very moment that this
feeling of impotency took possession of
the Spanish and led to these reflections,
their fate, psychologically speaking.
was sealed. We do not mean to dis
parage their tenacity in the midst of
hostile fire, but, on the other hand, it
is quite natural that the admiral, see
ing that everything was happening as
he had foreseen, was the one who set
the. example of running his ship ashore.
All the other commanders followed this
example.
"On the American side the situation
was just the reverse. Admiral Samp
son's fleet was fully conscious of its
power. The blockade was being con-'
ducted in accordance with carefully
prepared plans, as were also the ar
rangements in case of the enemy's at
tempt to escape. Frequent engage
ments with the Spanish forts had given
the commanders and crews that calm
assurance in the handling of their
weapons which guarantees success.
The long Uockade service, exhausting
and monotonous, hardly interrupted by
any actn n on the part of the Spanish,
had strung the nerves up to the high
est pitch, and everybody was anxious
for the end to come.
"Suddenly the enemy attempts to es
cape. All the passions that had been
smoldering under the ashes break
forth. The welcome opportunity for
settling accounts with the enemy had
come at last, and w .1 a wild rush the
American ships fell on their victims."
SALE OF LIQUOR
AT ARMY POSTS
Meaning of the Law Not
Plain.
NEW YORK, April 2.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Attorney
General Grlggs will render an ODinion
this week on the question of the
authority of the Secretary of War to
permit the sale of beer on public res
ervations under his control.
Temperance men throughout the
country, assisted by the whisky deal
ers, have been making a strong effort
to secure the prohibition of the sale of
beer at military posts and soldiers'
homes, and they succeeded in setting:
through Congress during the last ses
sion a provision in the army reorgani
zation law that "no officer or private
soldier shall be detailed to sell intoxi
cating drinks, as bartender or other
wise, in any post exchange or canteen,
nor shall any other person be required
or allowed to sell such liquors in any
encampment or fort, or any premises
used for military purposes by the
United States."
The Secretary of War is specifically
directed to issue such general orders aa
may be necessary to carry this provis
ion into effect.
Judge Advocate General Lieber held
that the section required total prohibi
tion of the sale of intoxicating liquors,
but Secretary Alger simply published
the law "for the information of all con
cerned."
Several officers commanding posts,
including that of Fort Monroe, closed
the exchanges on their reservations im
mediately upon the receipt of the law.
A question arose, however, as to
whether Congress really intended to
stop the sale of beer entirely on gov
ernment reservations. The Attorney
General will determine whether the
Government may authorize the sale of
liquor by permitting iV >c employment of
civilians out of the profits of the ex
change to dispense the beverage*.
34
MONDAY ..APRIL 3, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS^Propnetor.
Address All Communications to W. S. L E^K^JManager^^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market end Third St».. S. F.
Telephone Main 186*.
I DITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 2£l Stevenson Street
Tc!r;ih^ne Main 1574.
DELIVERED FT CARRIERS, 15 CKKTS PER WEEK.
Sinrle Copies. 5 cents.
- Terms by Ma!!. Including Poit»c«;
f)AiLT CALL (including Sunday call), one year.: ?6.00
DAILY CALL (inciudlr.k,- Sunday *-"all). « months 3.00
DAILY CALL ilnaludlng Sunday Gall). J month* 1.80
L'AJLY <\\JJ, n,. F'.ngl.? Month «55e
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.5»
WEKKLY CALL. One Y»ar 1-00
A.! postmasters are autho-ized to receive subscription!.
Cair.ple copies -will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 18S. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent. .
CHICAGO OFFICE Morquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE66. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Mootgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock. 387 rjaye* street. open until
S:3O o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lar'^ln street, open until 30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open urjtll 10 o'clock ?£9 ! Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an«
lk.*nCucK>' streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Serena
-Vaudeville.
Grand Opera House— "The Black Hussar."
Aioazar— Charity Ball."
Tlvoli— "Beautiful (lolden L<->cks."
Alhambra— "Married, Not Mated."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
*nd evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
California TheGter — la.n '•; Lclaren, Wednesday evening.
Association Auditorium— Concert. Wednesday evening. April 5.
Grand Opera House— Saver Kecltals. Wednesday afternoon.
At rll
Grand Opora House— Kosenthal. Tuesday afternoon, April 23
TriE STATE OF BUSINESS.
\fHILE the business of the country, as repre
* sented by the bank clearings, was 68 per cent
* I l tveek than for the same week in
g in the march of im
as the increase over the previous week
per cent. There were also other indica
: in trade. The failing off is generally
attributed by the mercantile and financial element to
the extraordinary rush to combine all sorts of indus
• which has attracted so much attention
of late. Ii " cause the trusts themselves are
feared, but the transition from individual to corporate
interests ied with more or less uncertain
ty. As one authority aptly puts it: "A period of
transi:: one ownership to another and from
ther, where it affects many
hundreds of establishments throughout the country,
inevitably causes some hesitation in business. A little
later the many hundred concerns may be doing more
b- intss than ever, as they were before the combina
. ore effected. But at the point of transition no
body knows just what to expect."
plausible statement of the case. Cer
nothtng in the general condition of
trade to justify any marked falling off in its volume.
there 1? a decrease in demand noted throughout
( to the heavy buying since January I
to anticipate the market, but this is transitory and one
of the r of commerce. The failures
for the first quarter of the year were the smallest for
seventeen year?, while the liabilities were the smallest
!->r twelve years. The failures during the first quarter
of 1899 have been in amount of liabilities not more
than about $26,680,330, against $31,710,142 last year,
$48,007,910 in £57,525,125 in 1896.
The staples show some new features. The boot and
shoe trade is halting, owing to the difference between
buyers and sellers. The talk of combinations has
softened wool quotations and affected the demand for
woolen goods. Iron and steel are still active, though
there is less snap observable in the business. There is
[ess call for drygoods in New York, and in fact the
me of textiles shows a falling off. but there is
encouragement in the willingness of buyers to place
liberal orders for fall delivery. Metals, whichi have
lately become weaker, show signs of returning
strength. Lumber continues firm, though the retail
demand is reported smaller.
-ible that we have been overtrading
during the past year. If this is so. there will be a pe
iparative inactivity, of course, until the de
mand sets in again. But it is hard to figure out an
inactive state of trade at the moment, when the bank
clearings, the accepted barometer of trade, are 68 per
cent larger than for the same week last year, and when
all the important cities of the country except Kansas
i New Orleans show a gain over 1808. Thus
us condition is presented. The merchants re
port 2 quieter business, while their own figures show
much larger returns. Surely, one or the other must
inc.
Another curious feature of the week was the ad
vance in Wail street in the face of an actual rise in the
rates for money. Call loans got as high as 12 per
cent, while a good deal of borrowing was done at 5@6
per cent. Nevertheless the market increased in ac
tivity and the sales were considerably over 1,00,000
shares for three consecutive days. A feature of the
improvement was the eagerness of the public to buy,
another proof of the vast sums available for invest
ment in the United States. There was a decline later
on in the week, but a firmer reaction followed. The
bull feeling i- very strong in Wall street just now,
and if there were any serious slackening in trade the
tendency would be iust the other way.
The local situation shows no change. Assured of
abundant crops, the State is at case as far as business
pnes. The season is now far advanced that we are
almost certain of a fine harvest, which will be enor
motlS if we are spared the infliction of drying north
wind? from now on. Even with a normal visitation
of this sort we shall have a satisfactory harvest. As it
is. the situation is infinitely hotter than at this time
last year.
One of the nr: in a recent event here has
; nr as Los Angeles on some of his hard-earned
money, and denies that he was engaged in a fake. This
is truly surprising. Of course the first thing a pugi
list does after the swindling of the public is to get up
on the housetop and proclaim that his business is the
fleecing of suckers.
The stranger who claims to have been robbed of a
fat wallet which was returned by the thief after a single
$100 bill had been extracted ought to have told a bet
ter story or kept still.
A surgeon has been lecturing on the effect produced
by the sound of American cannon, but the persons
most affected .by the concussions are not in a position
to say a word
THE PARTITION OF SOMOO.
I.HJROM the present outlook it appears diplomatists
can discern for the Samoan problem no solution
other than that of dividing the islands among
the three powers, and putting an end to the experi
ment of a tripartite government. Germany has pro- i
posed it, our Government regards it with favor and it
is believed Great Britain will interpose no objection. |
The partition of the islands, however, is by no
means a desirable thing. The objections to it are so •!
strong that when the project was first broached it was
rejected almost without consideration. Each of the
three powers involved in the controversy obtained a ■
foothold for trade in the islands by assuring the na- j
I tives that no attempt would be made to subjugate
: them. Furthermore the powers by a solemn treaty :
! bound themselves to one another and to the islanders i
not only to respect the independence of the group but i
to guarantee it against assault from other powers.
The disturbances which led up to the conflict in
which an American marine and three British sailors !
were killed, and which brought about the bombard- ;
ment of the native villages by the American and the
I British war vessels, were not primarily due to the na
tives. That much is made clear by the "brief official i
dispatch of Rear Admiral Kautz which has just been
I made public. In the dispatch the rear admiral says:
"The Mataafa people obeyed orders to leave the
i Government reservations. Since then they have be
come aggressive, killing Private Holloway and three
British sailors. Our man killed was guarding the
1 American consulate. The German Consul General is- ;
| sued an incendiary proclamation saying that my proc-
I lamation was untrue and that he would uphold the j
' provisional government. The British forces act in ■
j concert with those of the United States, shelling reb- !
els wherever they can be reached."
On the record thus given it appears that the Ger
mans in the islands have become so dissatisfied with
their American and British rivals in business and col- ;
leagues in government that they have deliberately
provoked the recent outbreak for the purpose of forc
ing diplomatists to accept the partition policy as an
alternative to the danger of complications that may
d to war.
Doubtless the Germans have had some grievances
of which they have a just right to complain. They are
not likely to have acted so violently as they have done
without cause. Neither the Americans nor the British
are notable for a lack of aggressiveness in trade and
government, and in all probability they have at times
crowded their Teutonic cousins a little too far. Noth- !
I ing they could have done, however, would have justi
fied the Germans in taking the course they have :
adopted in refusing to obey the Supreme Court and in '■
■ issuing a proclamation denouncing as false the one
led by the American admiral.
To that extent the German representative at Samoa
! is clearly in the wrong, and if his Government would |
; repudiate his action it might yet be easy to restore
I order and harmony in tho islands without destroying ;
their unity as a country and dividing them among the j
wrangling powers. It appears, however, that the Ger
mans at home are too much wrought up over the is- j
; sue for any Minister to take the risk of such a repudia
! tion. Partition, therefore, is likely to be accomplished,
if the powers can agree as to the division of the spoils.
THE DREYFUS CASE.
IN the Dreyfus case now pending on the question of
revision before the Court of Cassation, which is the
highest tribunal of France, the French Republic,
j and especially the General Staff of the French army,
;is practically on trial. It has evoked much discussion
| and has excited much interest in the United States,
! not merely because of its revelations of personal dis
| honor and its disclosures of deep-seated injustice in
i French jurisprudence when the Government is inter
; ested, but also for the reason that its actual merits
1 have been obscured through race and religious preju
j dices.
Dreyfus, a lieutenant in the French army, was con
j victed and sent to the He dv Diable. where he has
endured great torture, for having written what is
termed a bordereau, or unsigned letter, containing a
list of secret documents in the French War Office, for
I the benefit of the German empire. On his trial five cx
i perts were examined as to the handwriting of this
letter, three of whom testified against him and two for
him. The inherent weakness of this kind of evidence
' has been repeatedly declared in the United States and
■ in Great Britain, but his conviction rested on that
; quality of proof, which has since lost most even of its
; assumed value. It was claimed last year that another ■
i letter to a foreign attache had been discovered which
constituted "la preuve absolve," or demonstrative tes-
I timony. but this letter was speedily admitted to be *
forgery committed by Colonel Henry while the head
of the Intelligence Department of the War Office, and
he died a violent death in prison, either by his own
i hand or in some mysterious way that has not been
S divulged. It has also been asserted that Dreyfus,
whose innocence, so far as the press is informed, has
always been proclaimed by himself, by his devoted wife
' and by a ho^t of discriminating and just people, once
confessed his treasonable act to Captain Lebrun-Re
nault, an officer in the French service; but this after-
I thought, of questionable policy at best, has not been
j even plausibly established. Perhaps the most remark
; able feature in this travesty of justice is that Colonel
yon Schwarzkoppen, the German military attache to
whom the treasonable communication is alleged to
have been made, has always been available as a wit
ness, but the French authorities have studiously omit
ted to call upon him for the direct information that
might conclusively settle the controversy.
The conviction of Dreyfus occurred in 1894. It was
manifestly so insufficiently sustained by the reported
j testimony that it has never commanded public respect,
i much less public indorsement. Outside of France,
and with even greater intensity among millions of the
j French people, embracing statesmen, writers and
I soldiers of the highest standing, belief in his innocence 1
' became so general and the resentment against his ;
' persecutors so vociferous that, after every method of
avoiding further inquiry had been exhausted, the Gov
ernment unwillingly yielded to the pressure and the
pending investigation was instituted. The Court of
! Cassation is now to determine whether or not the con
viction shall stand.
Four Ministers of War, among them Cassaignac,
resisted the efforts for revision, and he placed his op
position, not on the ground that the original proof
I against Dreyfus justified his punishment, but upon "la
preuve ahsolue." which almost immediately after he
t had announced his conclusion turned out to be a forg-
I cry. Perhaps next to his wife, the strongest advocate
fnr Dreyfus has been Colonel Picquart, who has been
honored in the London Times as "the noblest and
most touching figure which has ever reconciled phil
i osophy with humanity." This brave and fearless gen
: tleman claims that on the trial of Dreyfus document
ary evidence, false in itself and which he had no op
portunity to controvert, was secretly communicated
to the court, and he has been imprisoned and is to be
j tried, apparently because of his manhood and of his
■ fidelity. The existence of some diplomatic papers in
the Foreign Office of the French Government tending
to show guilt, but which Dreyfus never saw, is also
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1899.
referred to as a proof of the inventive genius of his un
scrupulous prosecutors. The fact that Dreyfus did not
write the unsigned letter upon which he was con
victed has been at. least presumptively shown, but an
I attempt to fasten it upon Count Esterhazy, which ap
peared to be well founded, has legally failed, and the
I manner of the failure is one of the numerous degrad
ing episodes in the prolonged melodrama. Esterhazy '
I was tried for having written the bordereau and ac
, quitted. He was then accused of having had treason
able correspondence with a foreign attache, and a sec
ond acquittal followed. After these proceedings,
I which were in the line of resistance to revision of the
judgment against Dreyfus, he was practically removed
from the French army for-"inconduite habituelle," an
indefinite charge, which may be surmised to mean that
he was habitually guilty of violations of discipline.
Esterhazy, however, fled to London, where upon his ;
oath he has published a narrative of his connection j
with the Dreyfus case that shows astounding fraud in
the General Staff of the French army, limited, how
ever, to that particular branch of the service. From
his statement, fortified by numerous confirmatory
documents, some of them original and some of them
photographs, it appears that the determination of the j
: General Staff, by dark intrigues and falsehoods, to I
' override the sentiment in favor of Dreyfus and per- j
petuate the crime of his incarceration, was so fixed '
that subordinate officers were induced to commit the
most reprehensible acts and were then shielded, in the j
j first instance from exposure and, when that could not
be avoided, from conviction. In his own case, he
; shows that his habit of obedience was used in con
i cocted interviews and correspondence and in publica
! tions in the French newspapers to resist the possible
; vindication of Dreyfus, and that on both of his trials
! the official source of his prosecution surreptitiously
furnished him with his defense.
It is possible, although highly improbable, that Drey
fus is guilty, but it is beyond argument in any country
where the English language is spoken that his guilt
; has never been legally proved and that his conviction
and punishment represent tyranny and corruption to
a degree absolutely incompatible with the maintenance
;of republican institutions. Our traditional sympathy
with France, our love of self-government and our re
spect for the Court of Cassation inspire the hope that
publicity and law may cleanse the impurities in the
French military service and that justice will now be
thoroughly if tardily vindicated.
AT SENATOR TELLER'S HOME.
WHILE Colonel Bryan and his fellow apostles
of the cause of free silver are exerting all their
energies to hold together the organization of
'96, that motley host of discontent is rapidly disap
pearing from politics. It seems indeed to be some
thing like the proverbial rope of sand whose particles
separate from one another and slip from the hand of
the weaver no matter how arduously he bends himself
to the task of weaving them together.
We have noted the revolt of the intelligence of the
South against the position in which it has been placed
by the Chicago movement, and the demand of repre
sentative papers of that section for a new leader and a
new platform. The people of the Middle West and of
the Pacific Coast showed by their votes last fall that
among them the old free silver faction had disinte
grated; and it now appears that even in the silver
State of Colorado a similar condition prevails.
From the Denver Times we learn that even in Gil
pin County, the home of Senator Teller, the so-called
Silver Republican organization has gone to pieces.
It quotes from the Gilpin County Miner the state
ment: "The Silver Republican party in this county
was murdered in the executive session of the city con
vention last Saturday evening, and there is no longer
a Silver Republican party in Gilpin County." Com
menting upon that report, made doubly significant by
the fact that it comes from what is not only the home
of Senator Teller but one of the most notable silver
producing districts of the State, the Times says:
"Prosperity has changed conditions in Colorado
already, but the greatest factor in bringing about this
changed sentiment was the fusion of last fall. There is
not a man in Colorado who does not feel keenly the
disgraceful blot upon the State as a result of fusion.
Governor Charles S. Thomas in a recent speech de
livered at a Democratic mass meeting said: 'Fusion
has been demonstrated a failure.' Republicans should
take courage from these little indications. They tell
the story of the future. Denver will go Republican
this spring, the county will go Republican next fall
and at the next national election in 1900 Colorado will
roll up an old-time majority for the Republican
ticket."
Thus the evidences of returning reason among the
folly inspired hosts that followed Bryan in the last
Presidential campaign multiply on every side. In the
West the people are not only adverse to a further agi
tation of the silver movement, but are disgusted with
the whole system of fusion politics. Not even the
strong personal influence of Senator Teller among his
neighbors, friends and political supporters in his own
city and county can prevent that adverse sentiment
and that disgust from manifesting themselves.
Whatever may be the form that opposition to Re
publicanism takes in 1900, it will not be that which
made so much noise in the last campaign. In the sun
shine of a restored prosperity the old Bryanite fusion
is vanishing like a fop from the political sky.
It is to be hoped that the young woman who has
sued a man for so squeezing her hand as to break a
lot of useful bones will get every cent for which she
asks. The incident occurred in Philadelphia, but it
might have taken place anywhere, for no section is
free from the muscular freak who likes to show his
strength by torturing his friends.
There will be many people in San Francisco glad to
learn that Anderson has been made a brigadier gen
eral. That he merits the distinction is well known,
and that his superiors were inclined to give him the
cold shoulder had been suspected.
Germany asks the United States to back down, but
we would not counsel her to hold her breath while
waiting for the pleasing spectacle of this country in
the act of complying with the request.
A man who can steal a bag of gold in broad day- I
light deserves either to be the star of the rogues' gal
lery or a magnate in the financial world.
Actor Burgess has failed for more than $100,000 and
hasn't a cent. Burgess has for years been a comedian,
but this is his best joke.
Secretary Alger is taking a vacation and the country I
will hope that he may enjoy it so well as to prolong it
indefinitely.
As nearly as may be judged from a distance the
rival of the whisky trust is simply another whisky
trust.
American troops in the Philippines are resting, but
the other fellows have not yet stopped to catch breath.
Whenever Gage shakes the plum tree Burns will
be under it with his spacious Mexican hat inverted.
CALIFORNIA MINING AFFAIRS.
The State Mining Bureau has got fully
settled in its new and attractive quarters
in the Ferry building and during the week
Curator Durden opened the museum to
the public. The number of visitors al
ready shows an increase.
The field work of this institution and
its publications are pretty well known,
but not much is known of its Interesting
Inside work, which in a direct and private
way reaches with more or less benefit
thousands of people interested in mining.
While its general affairs are under the
able direction of State Mineralogist A. S.
Cooper the benefits of the bureau are di
rectly dispensed by expert employes who
are well known in the mining world.
One interesting feature of the work is
the laboratory, which Is In charge of E.
B. Preston, who has been with the bureau
for so many years. Part of the business
of the laboratory is to make, free assays
for any Callfornians who send in rock
samples which they want to know about.
To prevent too much competition with
the professional assayers the bureau may
give only qualitative' and not quantitative
analyses. The samples are assayed and the
owner [a told what they contain, but not
the percentage of each component or how
much the rock is worth per ton. This an
alysis, however, is often all that is need
ed and may be worth more to a miner
than assay for gold alone. Any prospe.t
or in the State who wonders and guesses
and hopes about What Is in his puzzling
ledge may find out r're-e of cost by bring
ing or mailing samples. Since the recent
find of rich tellurlde ores mi Coffee Cre< k
there has been a amount of pros
pecting lor tellurides, which few Califor
nia miners know anything about, and
many sampks have been sent In for an
alysis. Bach prospector learns whether
or not telluride, gold, copper, etc., is in
his ore. In this one way the State has
aided thousands of prospectors who were
in doubt about their finds.
The number of such analyses made
varies from thirty to fifty per month
While gold ores predominate, every min
eral in the State gets represented. With
in the past month Fuller's earth from
San Bernardino and Kern counties, cop
per orea from everywhere, mica, cinnabar,
mineral water, coal, etc.. have been re
ported on by Assayer Preston.
I'.ut these rree analyses are but a slight
part of the mining information for which
the mining public constantly draws on
the bureau. There is a constant stream
of questions <>;i every conceivable mining
topic and some that are inconceivable.
l-'rom ten to fifteen letters of inquiry
come a day and every hour some
body is dropping in to ask in person.
Probably 5000 such letters are answered
yearly and the number of people person
ally answered is large. Most inquiries
are from California and are supposed to
be. but the line is not drawn chis- .
Librarian Jacobs receives and answ.-rs
most inquiries and it keeps him busy, but
there are ethers about who are pretty
sure to know this or that. Mr. Preston
and C. Mathyas have traveled every
county in the State for years tor the bur
eau and they and Curator Durden, James
Means, Statistician Yale and others have
been giving miscellaneous information for
years and have eneyclopediac funds of
pointers. Then there is a reference
library of several thousand volumes to
consult.
Recently an Eastern woman wrote to
know about John Doe, who went to min
ing here In 1554. There is a constant in
ijulry about mining law and especially
trie law of locations. Every grade of min
ing intelligence is repress :.:• <'.. Many
want to go lato mining and want to
know what books to read. Many want
to know where to go to prospect. There
is a great inquiry about Coffee Creek and
the whole northern region. The value
of mica, California iron ores, hanging
walls, the cyanide process. Lassen I '
mines, copper mines, binding material
for diatomaceous earth and how to cheap
ly settle mud In borax solutions containi
ng magnesia were among the many sub
jects of Inquiry received in March, Metal
lurgical difficulties of every sort are pro-
Bented. Peculiar difficulties in gold mill-
Ing how to build an arastra, the grade
of a sluice box and troubles with chlori
nation are other samples. Inquiries come
from all over the world, for the reputa
tion of the bureau is high and widespread.
The other day there rame from Sydney a
query as to the greatest depth kaolin has
been found in Australia and elsewhere in
the world, and Mr. Jacobs will try to
tell.
Women interested in mining are fre
quent inquirers, and expert mining en
gineers as well as green prospectors are
constantly served. While the bureau is
not at all a mining school, every practi
cal inquiry made is answere and thou
sands are helped to success in develop
ing the mining resources of the State.
It is at the free service of the public,
and if information cannot be given or one
wants to know too much, the inquirer Is
told where to find it. In the develop
ment of the broadening oil fields of the
State the bureau has recently done an
especially valuable work.
It may be observed that in the bureau
but two employes besides the State Min
eralogist receive as much as $150 a
month, and there are men of high tech
nical attainments and much mining ex
perience who are paid less than wharf
ingers and policemen.
For the coming two years the bureau
has its usual appropriation of $25,000 a
yi>ar. and the State Mineralogist has
planned a large amount of scientific field
work and much to be published. And
with the inrp'ased activity in mining the
personal demands for Its practical heip
fulness will be Increased.
Colorado and Arizona have just estab
lished State mining bureaus patterned
after the California ifne, the former
State enacting the California law almost
verbatim.
One of the claims tn Shasta County
which has acquired loral fame because
of a recent "strike" is the Daisy Belle,
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
A. E. Thompson, a Dawson mining man,
Is located at the Grand.
Mrs. William Hammond of Llvermore
has engaged apartments at the Occi
dental. i
' C. W. Hall of New York, who owns ex
tensive mining Interests In this State, is
a guest at the Grand.
J. O. Smith, one of the directors of a
large drug firm in Chicago, Is registered,
at the Palace with his wife.
H. D. des Essards of Paris. France, who
has come to this coast to Inspect the
i mining industry, is at the Palace.
A Brizard, a prominent merchant of
Arcata, is making the Lick his headquar
ters during a short stay In this city.
Zozi Amari, secretary of the Imperial
' Japanese legation of Mexico, arrived at
i the Palace yesterday afternoon, and will
return to Japan on the next steamer.
i C. H. Boynton, a merchant of Ferndalo
and Assemblyman from - Humboldt
County, and J. W. Guthrle, a Sacramento
■ business man, are among the arrivals at
j the Grand.
F. M. Morgan, a Chinese Customs Com
missioner for the British Government at
Shanghai, arrived from the Orient yes
terday, and left immediately for the East
on his way to Swansea, In "Wales, where
his wife lies very ill.
Captain M. Patterson, a veteran pilot of
coasting steamers in Oriental waters, ar
rived In the city yesterday from Kobe.
; He has been away from America for
I thirty-two years, and was met by his
j family, whom he had not seen In sixteen
years.
Colonel George McFarland of the Ha
; waiian army and proprietor of the Royal
! Hawaiian Hotel arrived on the Nippon
i Mara from Honolulu yesterday and regis
; tered at the California. He is making a
j flying visit to this city on private busi
! ness, and will return to the islands on
Tuesday.
J. Y. Calahan, general agent of the
Nickel Plate road In Chicago, returned
from Honolulu with his wife yesterday,
and registered at the Occidental. He was
accompanied by Jay W. Adams, who is
connected with the road In this city.
They will shortly go to Seattle and other
j Northwest points. in the Interest of their
! company.
CAUFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. April 2-Lloyd Tevls of
San Francisco Is at the Fifth Avenue.
near Furnaceville. Some rich rock and
good promises have been found within a
distance of 100 feet in the ledge, and con
siderable gold has been pounded <>ut of
the richest rock in a mortar. Back of
the strike is a little story of prospectors'
luck that is not extraordinary but i.s in
teresting. According to the Redding
Searchlight W. M. Dale and his partner,
who had staked out the claim, were sit
ting: by their ledge a few weeks ago,
looking at the uninviting cropping* on
which but little work had be< n done, but
whidi di<l not seem t<> show anything
much better than ordinary "bull quartz.
They were discussing where to go
J H Moore, who was rustling about the
hills looking for some sort of i
worth notice, came aiong. a stranger, and
s.u down. Yes, the partners ownei
ledge and it might be a erood thing.
Moore asked the price of a third int»r
est, and finally he got It for $20. w -hich to
Messrs. Dale and Silence seemed like
finding it. The sellers agreed to go to
work right away, thinking that Moore
would soon pack his blankets and mo%e
on. At night they were ready to quit
the unpromising work, but *f oo .™ *£*>
built to stay with things, and they de
cided to be decent and do something tor
the $20. On the second day they. ran on
to shining gold In the ledge, and by night
had taken $300 out of a pocket More
work yielded more gold and Indications
of something better than pockets me
trio have taken out over $1000 and have
a locally famous prospect, which may de
velop Into a good mine.
One of the mining stories of : the week
tells of George Nelson and Henry Loring,
two prospectors, being chased by a pack
of hungry wolves into the mouth of a
mine , tunnel near Pleasant Valley the
other clay. The picks and shovels left in
the tunnel provided weapons with which
the hungry. enemy were. kept.at bay until
daylight. Being miners, of course the
besieged could wield pickaxes effectively
in a tunnel, whereas excited tenderfeet
would have knocked themsel-ves or each
other in the head for the benefit of the
hungry wolves. It is one characteristic
of gold mining that it stimulates the im
agination powerfully.
"Sniping" has been a lively industry
during the past week or .two where con
ditions are favorable in the placer gold
regions. This sport consists in hunting
along dry gulches or gravelly deposits
by watercourses over which recent floods
coursed exposing now and then a nugget
in the debris brought from the beds of
the watercourses above or washed out of
banks. Boys, men and women hustle out
to gather gold, though baskets are not
required. Local papers here and there
record that Johnny found a nugget worth
$2 50 or $7 and some times much more
valuable finds are reported.
R. H. Norton has resigned as State
Coal Mine Inspector of Washington to
become superintendent of the Tesla coal
mines at Corral Hollow, Contra Costa
County. His annual report as Inspector,
just issued, shows that the coal product
of Washington increased in 1898 from
1. 192 tons for 1897 to 1,810,239 tons. From
1892 to 1897 the product was nearly sta
tionary. From 1892 to 1596 each 37,244 tons
cost a human life. Protective laws and
inspection raised the product per fatal
accident to 190,320 tons for 1897-98.
The tunnel in the Red Point drift mine
in Placer County is now in 12,700 feet, or
over two and a quarter miles. There are
fifty-nine men on the payroll and an av
erage of 108 cars of gravel is mined per
day, using seven horses to tram the
gravel out.
There are fourteen hydraulic mines in
Eastern Placer County which had re
ceived from the Debris Commission per
mits to mine by the hydraulic process.
Owing to lack of water, only one has been
operated so far. The recent rains, how
ever, will allow all of them to start up for
the first time. This is a small sample of
what the rains have done for the miners
generally and of how mining activity is
increased.
Trinity County is to-day experiencing a
boom in placer mining that exceeds any
thing since the' days of the early '50*8,
says the Trinity Journal. Since the last
rain commenced placer miners have been
busily engaged on their respective claims.
Men can be Been working every gulch
near Weaverville and in places the Trin
ity River is lined with sluice boxes.
There has been started in Colorado an
organized effort to place a mineral ex
hibit at the mining exposition to be held
in London this summer. Cripple Creek
interests are leading the effort. The ex
position will be a place for exceptionally
effective advertising of the resources of
any mineral region. London is the world's
great center for mining investments and
the exposition will attract wide notice.
The British colonies will make exten
sive exhibits.
The Flat Creek mining district in Shas
ta County, which abounds in gold and
copper, is one of the regions affected by
the boom in copper ana in prospecting.
The district is now practically covered
with locations. On one day a week or so
ago seventeen claims were recorded at
Redding.
A number of men at Butte City, Mont.,
have incorporated a prospecting company
with 5000 shares of a par value of $1 each,
all of which has been subscribed, says the
Mining and Scientific Press. The stock
is paid for in monthly Installments. Work
will be commenced under the direction
of a competent manager in Idaho. This
Is an association organized for a definite
purpose on a common-sense basis and is
likely to lead to satisfactory results.
Men have been put to work on the old
Union copper mine in Del Norte County,
There is a considerable supply of zinc
ores in Mariposa County. An unsuccess
ful attempt to work them was madeabout
ten years ago.
A cyanide plant has been established in
Pleasant Canyon, in the" Panamint
range, Eastern Kern County, to work a
pile of tailings estimated to contain
$20.000..
A nugget worth $175 was found the oth
er day by some Mexicans who were dry
washing on the desert near Virginia Dale
in Riverside County.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The two battleships for the German
navy, on. 1 at Blohm Hamburg, the other
by Srhichau at Elhing, are to be com
pleted in four yean and will cost $2 •
each. They are duplicates of the X
Friederich 111.
The British Admiralty will allow n sub
sidy of $21, Xt0 per annum for a period of
thirty years to the Calliope dock at
Auckland. New Zealand. This gives the
Government the ripht to have its war
vessels docked when required in prefer
ence to private shipping.
"William Laird, the last of the three
brothers who conducted the well-known
shipbuilding establishment at Birkenhead,
died on February 7. The three brothers
died within the last five years. The firm
was chiefly known in this country as the
builders of the Confederate cruiser Ala
bama, and for the depredations of which
Great Britain had to pay about $8,000,000.
The Laird brothers also built many ves
sels for European and other foreign na
vies.
The old 3R and 100 ton guns at Gibraltar
are gradually being supplanted by mod
ern ordnance. Two of the latest wire
wound guns of 9.2-inch caliber have been
installed. These puns weigh only twen
ty-seven tons, but throw a sh.ll of 3SO
pounds a distance of fifteen miles, or fwo
miles farther than the width of the straits
between Europa Point at Gibraltar and
the roast of Africa. The guns can be
loaded and handled by twi men, and can
penetrate thirty-six inches of iron at
1000 yards.
Nearly all the naval powers are recon
structing a number of their old armor
clad ships. The simple and effective
method of putting new armor on top of
the old was first tried in the Turkish navy
at the suggestion of Woods Pasha, a
i British naval officer. This plan was next
I adopted by Germany, followed by Italy,
and lastly by Denmark, where the Odin,
built In 1573. has had Harveyised steel put
over the old armor. The drawback to
this operation is that the increased pro
tection is gained at the expense of the
C'-.al-carrying capacity, but in vessels in
tended for harbor defense a few Inches
more draught will not Impair their use
fulness. The same system applied to sea
going vessels would have disastrous re
sults.
Shichau. at Elbing, Prussia, has recent
ly built two torpedo-boat destroyers for
China, which are the fastest boats yet
turned out from any yard. Their trials
took place in the Baltic, over a course
of IS^ miles and with 67 tons of coal on
board, the average speed was 33.6 knots.
This course was covered in 32 minutes and
30 seconds, and on one occasion in 31 min
utes and 15 seconds. With their full out
fit and 25 tons of coal they made the dis
tance at the speed of 35.2 knots, and with
natural draught the boats made between
30 and 31 knots, carrying a load , of 67 tons
of coal and sufficient fresh water to give
a radius of 5000 sea miles. The contract
called for 32 knots under-forced draught.
The boats are 193 feet 6% inches >n length
21 feet beam, and have a 1 ")
JBO tons, and the engines developed 6000
I horsepower. _
The British battleship I™*™?™'**
15,000 tons, which was launched at Devon
port on March 11. was laid down on July
IS and was therefore, only about eight
months on the stocks She weighed near
ly SOOO tons at the launch, which gives
an average of forty tons of material for
! each working day. This record *>rrapui
; construction is shared with Chatham
and Portsmouth. The Formidable was
begun at Portsmouth on March 17, is«.
and was launched on November 17, same
year, while the Irresistible, begun April
11 1898 at Chatham, was launched on
| December 15, 1896. The three- battleships
j are identical in ail particulars.
Notwithstanding the presence in Asiat
ic waters of more than 100 war vessels
besides those of China and Japan, piracy
is sometimes heard of as having taken
place on the coast, and cases are quite
frequent on the Canton and West rivers.
During the past year no less than eighty
attacks by pirates on those rivers have
been reported to the authorities, and the
British Consul at Canton has made vigor
orous complaints to the Viceroy, sug
gesting that the old German torpedo
boats, of which twelve axe lying at
Whampoa, be utilized in suppressing the
piracy. The suggestion was adopted, and
two of these sixteen-knot boats were sent
up the West River to break up the river
pirate business.
MORE SCORCHING
ON MARKET STREET
Two Little Girls Knocked Down by ft
Bicyclist and Sav«d From Serioua
Injury by Their Father.
The efforts of the Associated Cycling
Clubs and the police to put a stop to
scorching on Market street have had a
salutary effect, but there are still reck
less riders who defy the law, and two
young girls had a narrow escape yester
day afternoon from serious injury by ons
of them.
Adam Miller, 646^ Minna street, was
crossing Market street at Sixth with hi 3
three young daughters just as a number
of bicyclists belonging to the Bay City
Club approached the crossing from the
ferry. According to eye-witnesses they
were riding at a speed of about eight
miles an hour. One of them was zigzagin*
and as the Millers had almost reached the
sidewalk in front of the Donohoe build
ing he dashed into the family. Two of
the girls, Louisa and Alma, were knocked
down and Miller grabbed hold of the
bicycle to prevent it passing over the
pro"strate form of the girls. He also
caught hold of the cyclist, but was un
able to hold him, and he made his escape
in the crowd that quickly gathered.
Dr. C. T. Rea, 904 McAllister street,
saw the collision and he made the remark
that bicyclists evidently thought that
foot pedestrians had no rights. Ivan R.
Lang, a machinist, who claimed that the
bicycle belonged to him, shook his fist
in the doctor's face and said he w r as an
"old crank." Dr. Rea went in search of
a policeman and while he was gone sev
eral wheelmen tried to take the bicycle
away from Miller, but he clung to it and
held it till Policeman O'Keefe appeared.
There was no bell on the machine and
Lang who claimed it, although both Mil
ler and Dr. Rea declared he was not the
man who was riding it, was arrested and
taken to the City Prison, Where a charge
of riding a bicycle without a bell was
booked against him. One of his friends
put up $5 cash bail for him and he was
released. Several cyclists, followed Lang
to prison and held an indignation meet
ing outside. Two or three hot-headed
youths wanted to wait until Miller came
from Captain Spillane's office and do him
up, but wiser counsels prevailed.
The two little girls were fortunately not
hurt except for the shaking up they got,
but it was no fault of the bicyclist that
they were not seriously injured. The
wheel has been retained by the police aa
evidence against Lang.
A Military Evening.
This evening military exercises will
be given in the First Presbyterian Church
on Van Ness avenue and Sacramento
street for the benefit of the' furnishing?
fund of the church. The programme will
be under the direction of Mrs. W. B. Har
rington, president of the Ladies' Society
of the church, and Mrs. Cyrus Wright,
who will be in charge. General Shafter
has promised to be present and a number
of the soldiers from the Presidio will as
sist in the tableaux which will be given.
Mrs. Walter Fonda will sing the "Battle
Hymn of the Republic" and the "Star
spangled Banner. and the church or
chestra will render martial music. The
rooms will be decorated with flags, one of
which was in the war of 1812 and another
in the Civil War. some Spanish flags cap
tured at Manila, and other Spanish
trophies from the late conflict.
Lan McLaren's Lectures.
The sale of reserved seats for the lec
tures to be delivered by "lan Maelaren"
at the California Theater on Wednesday,
Thursday and Friday next will commence
this morning at the box office of
the theater. The first lecture will ba
'•Readings From the Annals of Drum
totchty. With Notes, (a) Margaret Howe,
(b) Jamie Soutar. (c> Dr. McClure."
Cal. glace fruit EOc per fb at Townsend'm.*
Look out for 81 Fourth St., nr. Be barh*r
and grocer: eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's); slo Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Chile is said to have more poets, in pro
portion to population, than any country In
the world.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for flfty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Te«thtng with
perfect succpps. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething; or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 26c a. bottle.
HOTEL DEL. CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel: longer stay, J3 per day. Apply at * New
Montgomery street. Pan Francisco.
A captive bee, striving to escape, has
been made to record as many as 16.540
wing strokes per minute In a recent test.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Thin, pale and consump-
tive persons should use
some constructive tonic that
will enrich the blood, in-
crease the nerve force snd
renew wasted tissues.
Scott's Emulsion is based
upon scientific principles.
We digest the oil for you
by mechanical processes,
thus strengthening your di-
gestive organs by resting
them. It stops wasting,
and produces energy, vigor
<md warmth. The hypo-
phosphites in it invigorates
the nerves, and brain tissues.
50c and 1 1.00, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWXE, Chemi«tt, New Yocfc.TROUBLE ON
THE STEAMER
NIPPON MARU
Whites and Japanese
at Outs Again.
THE JAPS HOLD THE FORT
STOWAWAYS MAKE TROUBLE
FOR CAPTAIN EVANS.
Captain Meredith, Late of the Overdue
Dominion, Is Dead, and Captain
Phillips Has Been Stricken
With Apoplexy.
The Japanese steamer Nippon Maru ar
rived from the Orient yesterday. When
she was here throe months ago there waa
a gT»at deal of friction between the En
glish engineers and the Japanese crew,
with the result that nearly all the former
the ship. On this occaslc ;: there is
Ceellng all round. According to the
officers, "The Japs do not know
:h to perform the simple duty of
•iing sand in a. rat hole." And the
Japs respond by treating the fore
with lofty scorn and countermanding
their orders whenever thi lance.
In consequence t!.<
anything but a « far as
the crew nearly all
the white officers will leave the vessel
here.
The Nippon Man: haa five passengers
who would - c t0 leave the
Immigration
y are
Japa.i n a * ter leaving
Yokol i red - a!ld
when the v« - Honolulu an at
tempt v is • ; ■ - them aboard the
Hongkonc Maru, bound from San Fran
cisco to Yokohama. The captain of the
latter not take them, the
j-j aTV - would not allow
tnt , n .p;ain Evans had to
along and will keep them
koharaa is reached again.
The • d twenty
at Honolulu. The Hongkong j
r berth and she could not
sel sailed for Japan.
abln, 13 second cabin
b. Among those
...tain P. 8. Baxton.
rai King's staff
Her Gen< t
Minnesota Regiment.
Igned their commands and
I - ark Invermark, from Liv
waa at Honolulu when the Nip
; iru arrived. Captain Phillips had a
r his V6S
arrival ami was seriously ill when
■ r left port. Captain Phillips
.. known and has a host of friends
■
l on the front yesterday
Lin Meredith of the British ship
Thomas is dead. He was first
n in this port as captain of the Do
minion and was here In that vessel a lit
tle over a year ago. After leaving her
r. the Annie Thomas and went in
ilque. A new maßter went in
ominlon and took her to Honolulu.
: t she sailed for Puget
rly three months ago and has
I from since. Over 90 pc/
irance is-' being paid, on her and
practically Deen given up
St. It Is a strange coincidence that j
.in ;md ship parted company
one died and the other was lost.
The Chilean bark Elisa.that went ashore
r way from Puget Sound to
_ hai with a load of lumber, was
sold at auction after the Nippon
Hongkong. Her mainmast was
.-. as oadly logged. Of her
fe< t was jettisoned and la.W)
alved. The remaining 350,000 feet
be sold to the highest bidder,
•re is great enthusiasm among
yachtsmen, and the season is expected to
be ihe most il in years. The San
Francisco Yacht Club will hold Its open-
Ing on the 29th mat., and the boys are
going to make it a most enjoyable affair.
there is to be a supper tor visiting
-men, to be followed by a dance
in the club hous-\ A special boat will
Ban Francisco at 7:30 p. m., and, re
turning, will l<av.-- the club house with the
"vests at 11:30 p. m. The- committee hav
fnp • c Is L Haven
(chairman;, Dr. A. W. McKenzie, Dr. F.
L Plat and Messrs. Holbrook, Hernan
und Savory. At the end of last Beason
i 'aptaln ' 1 his yacht Sappho
the launch Alberta. H'>
| 8 airi : of the change. A "wind-
Jammer" has '-harms that the extra fa
cilities of a launch cannot counterbal
ance, so Haven is going Lack to his old
love. He has announced his intention of
selling the Alberta and building a yacht
that will "beat anything on the bay."
Last Beason Captain Haven's friends had
nber of enjoyable excursions on the
This year they will take their
ire on'thc launch Alberta, so there
•will be no chance of getting becalmed.
The yacht Rn\-r Is on th<-' ways potting
•1. Her sail area Is
to be cut down. The other boats
ill b<>lng overhauled, and the entire.
• . be in commission by the
Th" fnginoers of tho Naval Battalion
had a busy time of it yesterday. They
•/■nm on the boilers of the training
Marion, and when everything- was
turned t over. The ma
ry of the sloop of war is In as good
condition as when the ship went out of
commission, and if it were necessary the
Marion could start on a cruise to-morrow.
The fire-men and coal passers had the
hardest part of the work, and all of th^m
made a rush for a "long steam" when
the flr^s were drawn.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• .:■•. [LETTER TO MRS. riKKHAX WO. 78,465]
' "'. "I was a sufferer from female weak-
ress. Every month regularly as the
menses came, I suffered dreadful pains
» in uterus, ovaries
PFOMnG OF were affected and
r£.«#Ui/O US' had i eucorr
SUFFERING I had my children
GIVE PLACE vei fast and {t
TnPFßinn*: lef l me very weak
/ v rt.niuu& A year ago j was
OF JOY . I taken with flood-
——————— ing an( j , almost
died. The doctor even gave me up and
wonders how I ever lived.
"I wrote for Mrs. Pinkham's advice
at Lynn, Mass., and took her medicine
and began to get well. I took several
bottles of the Compound and used the
•f Sanative Wash, and can truly say that
I am cured. You would hardly know
' me, I am feeling and looking so well.
....... .Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable C0m-
..." 'pound made me what I am." — Mrs.
y •■" J. F. Stretch, 401 Mechanic St.,
■•Y. : Caudbs, N. J.
'•]'"'•. ". How Mrs. Brown Was Helped.
:■ ';'.'. ' " I must tell you that Lydia E. Pink-
■„'.• • ' ham's Vegetable Compound has done
more for me than any doctor.
!,.■:••■. " I was troubled with irregular
_ . menstruation. Last summer I began
.•.'•"; the use of your Vegetable Compound,
'•/,■; -.find. after taking two bottles, I have
r been regular every month since. I
.•„ •.'/recommend your medicine to ail." —
. # Mml Maggie A. Bbowx, West Pr.
•"'* PLaijJAKr, N. X
WILL MAKE ANOTHER CRUISE.
»-pHE old sloop-of-war Thetis has been docked at Main street
I wharf and will be fitted out for a voyage to Siberia under the
•I United States revenue marine flag. She is going after reindeer.
The animals are to be taken to Alaska and will be used for carry
ing the mails. The Thetis is to be specially fitted up for this work.
She will be redecked, her upper works put in first-class trim and
her machinery overhauled. Quarters for the deer will be built, and
when she leaves here for the Sea of Okhotsk the Thetis will be in
first-class trim. She has been lying at Mare Island for a long time
on the "unserviceable" list, but was hauled out of retirement and
sent down here behind the Unadilla. It will take a month to get
her ready to depart.
ESCAPED FROM
HONOLULU AS
A STOWAWAY
J. Goodman an Al
leged Defaulter.
Honolulu business and social circles are
deer.l}' agitated over the alleged elope
ment of J. Goodman with $20,000 belonging
to the Electric Light Company of that
city under circumstances that are of un
usual interest.
Goodman arrived In this city with his
plunder five days ago on the steamship !
Australia, but as his name did not. appear
on the passenger list nothing was known
about his flight and coming until the Nip
pon Maru came into port yesterday with
details of the affair.
j Goodman, it appears, was a trusted em
-1 ploye of the Electric Company, rnjoying
I the fullest confidence of his superiors.
! He numbered among his friends many of
I the wealthiest and most influential men
; !n the islands. He Is married, and with
; his wife moved in the best circles there,
and not a taint of suspicion rested upon
ROBERT McCULLOUGH
DROWNED IN A LAKE
Lost His Life Within Six Feet of His
Friends.
ROBERT McCtJLLOUGH, one of the most popular young men In t»i» city,
who has been a driver for Jackson's Napa Soda Works for the last twelve
years, lost his life yesterday at 12 o'clock in a small lake at Point San
Pedro, in San Matoo County. McCullough, with twelve others, started
from this city on Saturday evening, as had been their custom for a number of
years, for the purpose of hunting along the lakes oordering the ocean at
the place where he lost his life yesterday. After their arrival at the place
designated they separated, and McCuliougrh, with William Sidell, William
Bacon and one other whose name could not be learned, got into a small boat
for the purpose of crossing a pond of water which had been created by the
recent rains. After getting away from the shore about six feet the boat cap
sized and the four occupants were thrown into the pond, which was ten feet
deep. McCullough sank to the bottom and Sidell had gone down twice when he
wa« rescued with the other two. Search weus instantly made for the body
of McCullough. and it was brought rushore.
The Coroner of San Mateo County was notified at Redwood City and he
arrived with his assistant and empaneled a jury over the remains.
The dead man was in his twenty-sixth year. He leaves with his young
widow one child, a little boy, Harold, aged 5 years, besides an aged father
and three sisters, all residing in this city, where he was born and raised. He
was a member of the Young Men's Institute and belonged to Lodge No. 7.
Aside from McCullough's popularity in the wide circle of his numerous
customers, he was universally liked and respected for his generous nature. He
received the nomination from the Republican party last year for the Assembly
in the Thirty-third District. He was defeated by twenty-three votes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRTL 3, 1899,
him until after his flight became known.
The day the Australia sailed from Hono
lulu Goldman managed to stow himself
on board through the assistance of
frienris but unknown to anybody connect
ed with the ship, and kppt himself con
cealed until after the vessel was well out
side Diamond Head. Then he came forth
from his hiding place, paid his fare and \
was assigned to a stateroom. Goldman's i
object in stowing himself away instead of |
quietly purchasing a ticket was to avoid
having his name appear on the printed
passenger list, which was issued and dis
tributed before the steamer sailed. Had
he pursued the ordinary course his in
tended flight would have been known
hours before the Australia sailed.
Arriving in this city Goodman came
nshore as soon as the ship docked, and
has disappeared nobody knows where.
"When the Nippon Maru sailed from
Honolulu, although Goodman's flight was
common comment, his friends were indus
triously engaged In endeavoring to effect
a compromise of some sort with the com
pany whereby Goodman would escape
prosecution. It is confidently . believed
that some arrangement will be made so
that he will not be subjected to fear 01
arrest in this country.
Mrs. Goodman is now disposing of her
effects in Honolulu, and it is stated that
she will come here and join her husband
in a short time. It is the Impression in
the Islands that Goodman will not go very
far from San Francisco until after his
wife arrives, but will keep out of sight
until then.
Amateurs at Bat.
A pame of baseball was played between
the Fearless and Resolutes yesterday, and
was won by the Resolutes by a score of
17 to IS. The batteries were: McKay and
Campbell for the Fearless and Tye and
M< Mullen for the Resolutes.
FIGHT FOR THE
PITTANCE LEFT BY
THE OLD BOARD
Teachers Not Anxious for the
Plan of Compromise Sub
mitted by the Merchants.
They Want No Interference With the
Funds for the Current Months— A Sub
stitute to Be Considered To-Day.
THERE Is much Interest being shown
In the meeting of teachers which has
been called for this afternoon to dis
cuss the possibilities of securing part
of their back pay. The discussion hinges
on the question of a compromise with the
merchants, and It has already consumed
the time of three sessions. It will come
to a vote to-day, however, and the matter
will be decided one way or the other.
The offer of the merchants comes in the
form of a report from a committee which
had been appointed to negotiate on the
question and settle it If possible, but the
report of the committee has not met with
the unanimous favor of the teachers;
there is much opposition to it. The oppo
sition Is based principally on the ground
that the compromise as offered provides
for the payment of the merchants at the ]
expense of the teachers, leaving the
teachers no better off than they were be
fore. There is also involved the old ques
tion as to the application of the one
twelfth act; In fact, the whole case prac
tically turns on that same act.
The compromise offered by the mer
chants is this: The teachers are to allow
the merchants to collect the full amount
of their claims— a total of something over
$88,000. This would use up the balance •
on hand from the first half of the current
fiscal year, amounting to over $35,000, and ;
about $53,000 of the funds necessary for |
the department for the months from Jan- I
vary to June. The compromise further
provides that one-half of the amount coi
lected, or $44,000, be turned over to the [
teachers at once, and In return that they j
transfer to a trustee their warrants for
the months of November and December,
the unpaid months that are causing more
than half the trouble; that the trustee ]
sue the city for the same and if he sue- [
ceed in securing payment he Is to pay !
the teachers one-half of their salary claim j
and then divide the remainder between
the merchants and the teachers pro rata. j
It is provided, however, that no money
secured by the trustee on the teachers'
warrants is to interfere with the amount
now on hand to run the School Depart- i
ment until the new fiscal year in July.
In this way it is expected that the
teachers will at once receive the half of
the $35,000, and later will get the half
of the $53,000 collected from the remain
ing funds of the year. At the end of the
year this will leave the fund short, be
sides the two months lost. $53, Qu0, but of I
this the teachers will have been given !
$44,000, and it is figured the difference be- ;
tween the shortage of §so,o<K> and the I
$44,1100 received, or $WA>O, will be the total
loss to the teachers in addition to th« '
two months.
The $35,000 is now under Injunction by
the teachers and none of It can be paid
until that injunction is withdrawn. If the
Injunction holds, the teachers will be
compelled to put up bonds to the amount
of the claims of the merchants, and to
do this. It is Bald, it will be necessary to
hypothecate the warrants of at least one I
month not In dispute. If this be not j
[ done then the injunction suit must be !
dismissed. In that case it is claimed by |
the merchants that they can step in and
take the entire $35,000 for themselves and j
enough more to pay their claims in full.
But here the opposition's side of the
case comes up. The opposing teachers
claim they stand an equal chance of get
ting their money with the merchants and
they do not admit that the merchants ar<'
preferred creditors in any sense. And
even if they were the teachers claim that
they can only secure the $35,000. The mer
chants tried once to tie up the funds ot
the second half of the fiscal year, but
Judge Scawell dissolved the injunction
and salaries for the months of January
and February have already been paid
and the March warrants will be issued in
a few days. As It now stands, the teach
ers have lost two months' pay. There is
sufficient money in the treasury to run
the department, so far as salaries are
concerned, until July and leave no one un
paid. This money, the teachers claim,
cannot be touched, and they point to
Judge Seawell's decision in support of
their position. So far as assigning their I
warrants is concerned, it is the opinion ]
of the opposition that this will merely put
into the hands of the merchants a tan
gible claim against t..e department,
whereas if they had no such claim their
claims for merchandise would become
outlawed at the expiration of the present
fiscal year, a benefit wholly to the mer
chants*, as it allows them to attach the
funds for the current months.
Already there has been paid by the
teachers 2 per cent of their monthly sal
aries for litigation expenses, and the
amount bids fair to be larger before they
have done. BeHldes this, there is a feel-
Ing that while there may be some doubt
over the claims to the $35,000 and who is
to be preferred In the payment, there
can be no doubt about the safety of the
money for the remainder of the year un
der Judge Sfawell's decision. For that i
reason many are of the opinion that the,
teachers should try to secure as much of
the $35,000 as possible, and let the mat- |
ter rest there, trusting to the future to
provide some means of paying the un
paid months, instead of adding to the
shortage. In any event, they figure
they can come out no nearer than two
months and $8000 under the compromise,
while if the compromise is rejected they
will be only the two months to the bad,
leaving out of the question the $35,000.
For this reason a substitute for the
compromise plan has been presented to
the teachers, and It is that which will he |
voted on to-day. This compromise pro- :
vide? that the teachers withdraw their
injunction on the $35,000 and allow the
whole amount to go to the merchants,
provided that the merchants will make
no legal assault on the funds for the
current six months. This will allow the
merchants. It is claimed, enough to en
able them to await the time when by con
stitutional amendment their claims can
be adjusted; and even then, it is set
forth, they are better off than the teach
ers, for that $35,000 represents but a frac
tion of their business, while to the teach
ers the amount it represents means their
whole earnings for two months. With
the question settled to that extent it is
believed both sides can await the further
relief provided for in the bill recently
I pnssed by the legislature.
There is another faction, too, which
docs not believe in quietly relinquishing
all claim to the $35,000. They claim they
;irc entitled not only to the half of It, but
that portion which should go to them if
the amount were divided according to the
relative sizes of the claims. The teachers'
demands amount to about $180,000, the
merchants' to about $SB.OOO and they want
the $35,000 divided in that proportion. They
declare the merchants' demands were con
tracted for in excess of the one-twelfth
act and so are not legal claims and they
are willing to test the matter in the
courts. Should they get any of this they
will come out less than two months be
hind, instead of two months and $9000, as
the compromise provides.
The committee proposing the comprom- I
ise plan does not urge the measure as its
own. The members have stated that the
plan is to them the best in sight and for
that reason they wish to see it adopted,
but If the teachers do not wish it they are
willing that it should be passed over.
At the meeting to-day only those who
have paid all previous litigation expenses
and who will promise to pay all those to
accrue, will be allowed to vote. The bal
lot has been specially prepared, and on
It is a pledge that the voter has paid and
will pay whatever is his Bhare of the
expenses. On the end of the ballot
Is a detachable slip on which the voter
must write his vote, "yes" or "no," and
after detaching it pass his pledge to the
election officer and deposit his slip in
the ballot-box. The ballot as printed is
made to relate to the compromise: as
the substitute is the question to be voted
on/ the ballot must be changed to read
"substitute" instead of "compromise."
Altogether the whole business is in the
prettiest kind of a mess, and the meet
ing promises to be a lively one.
LIEUTENANT PRICE
UTILIZES HIS WITS
SIEZES GANG OF HIGHBINDERS
BY THE QUEUES.
Subdues Nine Brutal Rioters in a
Melee at 5 Brannan Place
Last Night.
There was a lively Chinese war at 5
Brannan place last evening In which
Lieutenant Price played a high hand
and landed nine of the combating Ori
; entals in the California police station soon
! after 9 o'clock. The affair took place in
j a den where the Wong Gong Har Society,
a branch of the See Yups, was transact
ing the business of the tong.
Chang Chung, who caused the racket,
is a merchant of Merced, and, according
to the officers, came to this city to collect
! a bill which was due him from the Wong
i Gong Hors. The bill was disputed, where
, upon Chung produced his orders. Dur
| ing the conversation Wong Sic Dip acted
! as spokesman, and when he saw how the
| tide of affairs was running struck Chung
! with a chair. Immediately the entire
j tong, consisting of eight burly China
men, pitched upon the unfortunate cred
itor. Clubs, lamps, chairs, pokers and
all available articles were used as
weapons. After the struggle had contin
ued for some time and gore began to
flow, one of the crowd rushed out and
informed Lieutenant Price. The officer
entered the room and, catching the nine
Celestials by the queues, soon stopped
the fracas. Officers King, Butler, Tay
lor and Bonner made their appearance
i and assisted the lieutenant in arresting
| the band. Chang Chung received a deep
gash nn the forehead and was sent to the
I Harbor Hospital for treatment. Wong Sic
j Dip also had a portion of the cuticle on
his face removed by the leg of a chair,
but was not seriously hurt. The other
Chinamen engaged in the fight were
Wong Lang. Gang Yet, Wong Han, Wong
Sic Wy, Wong- Hoey, Wong Bon and
Wong Lin.
Price combated the entire g-angofstrug
gling Chinese single-handed for several
minutes and escaped without a scratch.
Later, several lottery dens were raided
by Lieutenant Price and the same officers
and four arrests were made.
LILY POST NEAR TO DEATH.
The Popular Opera Singer Is Not Ex
pected to Live.
Lily Post, the well-known and popular
opera singer, who was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital a few days ago by her
friends to be examined for insanity, has
steadily grown worse, notwithstanding
the excellent care she has received.
When it was declared that her mind
was shattered her husband undertook to
r move her to a private asylum, but her
condition was such as to prevent him
from so doing, and she has since remained
at the city Institution. Late last night It
was reported that the unfortunate young
woman was failing rapidly and that her
malady had progressed to such a stage
that there Is little hope of her recovery.
] Her husband and mother have been at
her bedside since the day of her misfor
tune and all that good nursing and med
ical skill could do has been done to save
her life.
The passing of this jolly, sweet-voiced
footllgnt favorite would be sincerely re
gretted by her many friends, not only
here, but throughout the country, and the
crisis In her case will be awaited with
genuine concern.
Died in a Sun Bath.
George Plum, a middle-aged man. re
siding at 2 Henry place, sat down on his
doorstop late yesterday afternoon to en
joy a sun bath. When the dinner hour
arrived one of his sons went to rail him
and found him apparontK aslppp \n
attempt to arouse Mr. PluiT disclosed the
fact that he was dead. ills demise Is
supposed to have been due to heart
disease.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DRUG
PURITY
Prescription Accuracy,
Lowest Prices. These
are our three watch-
words.
Pierces Medical Discovery V 70c
Pierre's Prescription 7Oc
Hood's Sarsaparilla 70e
Ayer's Sarsaparllla 7Oc
Pure Cod Liver OH 4Oc
Scott's Emulsion ;.. 70c
' Williams' Pink Pills 35c
Plnkham's Blood Purifier.... S."c
Maltlne Preparations... Ssc
McGill's Orange Blossom 75c
Swift's Specific S. S. S 70c
Cupidene 70c
Schenck's, Beecham's, Carter's, Wright's
or Ayer's, Pills ...15c
Fascination 35c i
L,ydla Pinkham's Compound 70c
Kilmer's Swamp Root 40c
Gude's Pepto Mangan DOc
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
wp DRUG IP
i y^49^s\Mm^xSi
"Jf ■* HEX! TO. BROS — -*
J ADVERTISEMENTS.
I DRY GOODS COMPANY. !
I■: _ - |
* *
| JUST RECEIVED. §
| ON BALE MONDAY, APRIL 3^ |
* *
* Another Importation of Late Novelties in *
I I BLACK GOODS I |
I BEST VALUES EVER OFFERED I
I K^epons $1.00 to $2.50 Yard. !
* . *
* Silk and Wool Novelty Crepons, *
* Silk and Wool Novelty Grenadines, *
| | From $2.25 to $4.50 Yard. |
% These Ape Without Question the Finest ' %
* Collection Ever Shown on This Coast. *
<& i <*
* *•
<$> I ' 4>
| CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
% S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Franoisoo. %
union square. %
% COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. %
H^*<^*^*<»*<^-X-<«>*<S>*'^*<^*^*'^* <^*<S>*<S>*^*«S>*<j>*<s>*<s>*<s>*<S'*<s>*<j>*^
tFINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go tc
JOE PSHESI
All Wool Suits to <MO t3 <tQk
Order from 45 iZ $30
Pants from .. $4 to $I 0
. 20! and 203 Montgomery St.,
1110 and 1112 Market St., S.F.
485 i4th STREET. Oakland, CAL.
SWEET Use /^
RESTFUL woodbury's mM
'SLEEP Facial Soap
OLLL.I r '
| Follows a bath with WOODBURT'S Facial
! Soap, and the face, neck and arms and hands
rendered beautifully white, soft and smooth
with WOODEURY'S Facial Cream. For sale
j everywhere.
SPECIAL SALE OF
OPERA GLASSES
f\T REDUCED F»RICES.
Pearl bodies, gold trimmings, from ?5.50 to
Pearl bodies, gold trimmings and pearl han-
dle, from J|K>.OO to Jj>o.7o.
Genuine Lemaire's Dearl and gold, from
fS.r»O to jp<f.7s; from *I>.OO to $7.: i.">.
Genuine Lemaire black, from $4.35 to
53.25; from Jf4.r>O to Jf<3.sO; from $5.00 to
#3.75.
*" ~" T
OPT,C,AN S 7 Ho >^ APPARATUS.
optician* photog^ 6clehtlf , c ;
642 Market St. instruments
y^2^^!vvsasl?£^""-s x Doctor
! iSKir^^^m ME Y ER S
I f||f *^%ejfjl. Specialists for Men
\l^?w i TliMephyslciam have been
\\ SmA / V§l tracte d ailments since 16S1.
IzewK TTnfortunnte men who can-
s&/!& V I V*»*B»Wlat^ not call ihould write for ad-
L3'"" l^4t^ vice a ° d P rlvate *>**—
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. _ "^lilj FREE.
Thousand! cured at home;
All letter, confidential. > 0 Charge for Consultation.
"701 MABKKT ST., (Ekvafr Entrance.
101 SAN FBAMCIBCO i Elevat » r Entrance.
000000000000000000
%*».* PALACE A - N -Po
%GRANB ootejlso
Q SAN FHANCISCO. "
Connected by a covered passageway.
O 1400 Room?— 900 wi h Bath Attached. O
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICES: O
0 European Plan. per day and upward Q
O American Plan. SpS.OO per day and upward -.
Correspondence Solicited. tl
O JOHN 0. KIRKPATRICK. Manager. O
ooooooooooocoooooo
DRMCNULTY.
qiHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
A SpeclulistcwrM Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases Oi" Men only. Book on Private Diseases anil
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients cored At Home. Terms reasonable. Incurs 9
to3dally;S.3otoS:3o ev'gs.Sundnyß, iot<>r:. Consul-
tationfieeuiifl sacredly con fldentla). Call.oraddress
P. ROSCOB .McXUBjTY. M.l>.
26' Kenrny St., San Francisco. Cal.
I DR.PIERCIE'S '
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD.OVIER.LIJNGS.
IA7. X. HESS.
NOTARY PHBLIO AND ATTORNET-AT LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Hldg.
" . Telephone Brown ML
Residence. S2l California St.. below Powell,
Ean Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
,-,-.,- n |-.n_. iLjLJuULP-fUTJXJ. ru,^_r^-^^.r^- l _ l -^-T J -iL.-^-w-^-w-^rx J -i.
CHUTES AND ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
JOE STORMS JR,Ora;;g-Oatang;
SALLY, Chimpanzee, and
CONGO, Gorilla I an 5
AND A
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
RESERVE SEATS BY PHONE, STEINER 1831.
AMATEUR TRILBY DANCE
THURSDAY.
SEE THE BABT MONKEY IN THE ZOO.
AMUSEMENTS.
TWO GREAT HITS!
MARSHALL P. WILDER,
World' Greatest Monologuist,
KARA, THE GREAT,"
World's Greatest Juggler.
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN and her Pickanin-
nies.
MENGL.ER SISTERS, Parisian Danseuses.-
POLK & KOLLINS. THE MATWEEFS,
MANNING & WESTON, PANTZER BROS.
Reserved Seats, 2r,c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST WEEKS OF THE
BOSTONIANS.
Week Beginning: To-Night,
Victor Herbert's tuneful opera.
The SERENADE
Week of April lOth-
"ROBIN HOOD."
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Morosco Amusement Co. One.) Lessea
Telephone Green 861. .
TO-NIGHT . AND ALL THIS WEEK.
CHARLES M. SOUTHWELL'S COMIC
OPERA COMPANY.
"THE BLACK HUSSAR"
100 PEOPLE IN THE CAST 100.
RECORD— Two years in Boston; three years
In Philadelphia; a season each in Washington
and Baltimore.
PRICES.
Orchestra Floor and Dress Circle (re-
served) 91 .OO
Last Four Rrws Dress Circle (reserved). .30
General Admission 5O
Family Circle (reserved) 25
Gallery (not reserved) ; 15
Next— "THE QUEEN'S LACE HANDKER-
CHIEF."
Seats on sale from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
TO-NIGHT—
David Belasco and Henry de Mine's
comedy-drama,
THE
CHARITY
BALL.
SEATS ON SALE FOR ALL WEEK.
PRICES, 15c, 25c, 36C, 50c.
Next week unlimited fun. Roland Reed*
farce, "HUMBUG."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling.. Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING
"A Thing- of Beauty
Is a Joy Forever."
OUR EASTER EXTRAVAGANZA,
BEAUTIFUL
GOLDEN LOCKS.
MIRTH and MAGIC, FUN and FROLIC.
uriii songs, pnriT cast,
NEW DANCES, GREAT EFFECTS,
lILII SPECIALTIES. U "■'" ILLUMINATIONS.
SEE THE CRYSTAL STAIRCASE.
A DELIGHT FOR YOUNG AND OLD.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
Popular Prices, 25 and 50c. Our Telephone,
Bush 9.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Corner of Eddy and Jones streets.
Under the management of HOLDEN, MAC-
DONALD and KILGO.
THIS EVENING
The great emotional actress
ACNES HERNDON
Supported by Albert. A. ANDRUSS and the
Alhambra Theater Eastern Stock Company.
In the latest London furor
lamed, Joi - Mated.-
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES, 10c, lf>e, 25c and • 35c.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER^
"lAN mACLfIREN."
Rev. Dr. JOHN WATSON. D.D. author of
"Besides the Bonnie Briar Bush." Direction
of Major J. P. Pond. Will deliver three of his
famous lectures. Wednesday evening, April 5,
subject. "Readings From the Annals of Drum-
tochty." Thursday evening. April 6, subject,
"Certain Traits of Scottish Character." Fri-
day afternoon, April 7, subject, "The Place of
the Minister In Scotch Life." Reserved Seats
on sale at the box office of the California Thea-
ter. Prices, 50c, 75c, $1. and $1 50.
56
PICNIC SEASON
OPENS WITH FUN
AND HOODLUMISM
Toughs Rampant at
Schuetzen.
SET FIRE TO THE DEPOT
IRRITATED OVER LONG DELAY
OF TRAINS.
Heavily Loaded Cars Stalled in a
Tunnel and Merriment Grew
Fast and Furious Dur
ing the Wait.
picnic season was duly opened yes
tzen Park was the seene 1
ral. and the day was closed '
rning of th< l< ; >t building at
I b ind of hoodlums
element of the city enjoyed the
outing of the season, and when the ■
me over from
Tiburon at 7 o'clock la*: evening she;
It ible evidence— oral evl
nee.
booting organizations had
i Schuetzen Park, but tin-re
-any others. The I
tlon .- inaugurated the
In such force that for
aw: If the San Fra:
• an^l North Pacific road had changed own
-;:ip.
\<:, wlthai, it was a good-natured.
ry girl was there
:\ ." and if the didn't have
bat she was just as happy
'as n re fortunate of ncr
millinery at church.
at the park that enjoy
bed the top notch. Hilarity and
genera] good time achieved it- climax
through an accident And here la
the crowd owned the road. Regular pat
rons • up as far as £
I by it. but thi
plcni< kers had an
ment to the enjoyment of the
that will serve for gossip in can- *
for i i to come.
about through the fact
limit to the power of a
The m I of the b.
d Intentions, but the
avy- If would have
there no
line, but when a train-
Ickere gets stalled in
a tunnel and there are no lamps in the
!
much must be left to the imagination, i
I ir the ■
vivid Imagination in any one .
Btuck in the tun- ;
[s possible that a damsel, who
rally known by the
had an experience that
would Indicate that she was favorite in
an . match. Kittle voiced r-
objr. ral times-ln fact a good
man: times-but her objections
invariably overruled-that Is, if a
conjuncUon of oscillatory sounds and
« can be used as a basis of
- have an ending-even adej
liEhtful session in a dark tunnel— and the ■
bed Tiburon and
. the I kiah. and ,
She" r two 1
:. Not in any
was nothing occurring ih.it
terfen c. but
yea themselves as only a
can. It is but natur; ;
:, .a l tha • and her steady j
. which to enjoy each j
they make th.* most of ;
! that they go ahead with
-making tl st have the
other Kitties and all
are equally oblivious
tip of the distinctive
- trip last evening
it was not so private as that
parlors of fine mansions it
Bt and sincere
the intoxication of love's young
■■ tn en •• an aroma of ■
. then was no one on the boat
i imblnation with any I
it all the crowd at Schuetzen Park
tured as that part of
early boat.
h weary waiting, and as a
sands who were impatient
boisterous, then un- I
Anally aggressive. When the j
• train which should have left the park
. at 6 o'clock was delayed until after 8 the
I Its vengeance by tear
ing down the fence and then, to accentu- ;
ate its ilissatisfactlon, boards were ,
: under the station building and set
re. As the train pulled out the house I
fast being reduced to ashes.
Fights were frequent on the train and
■imism was rampant from the time
the park until the boat
E ;?co slip. Pick
. a harvest and the police
- to keep even a semblance
roer.
The crowd was so great on the boat
that there was danger of a panic owing
Hums rushing about with
on. ami at times the boat
the mob rushed
tha other.
also invaded by the
■ nt. and the peace officers
id all they could do to pre
• the town from being at the mercy
of a drunk-:i mob. A young fellow by
the name of Larry Betas was attacked by
a number of the worst characters, and
would have fared badly had it not been
f r Constable W. J. Treanor. whe rushed
. time to turn the fury of
gang upon himself. The roughs set
upon Treanor in overwhelming numbers,
and he was saved from being badly in
jured nr killed only by the arrival of a
number of other officials upon the scene
of the disturbance. As it was Treanor
• r of ornamented optics for
to romp.
A half-dozen of the boldest hoodlums
he turn table of
the ' Railway Com
pany and ran it down to Schuetzen Park.
Th< y wore followed by Marsha!
wis Hughes, who
band car, but all efl
the identity of the marauders
' fa: ■
The rrdoemlnp: feature of the day was
vior of the crowd inside the
park. Fred Schumann, the proprietor,
". 'Nad everything in readiness for the
opening, and the people enjoyed them
■selVCS in i •'. •• ry way possible on such an
"'occasion. Five special trains arrived at
• the park during the day, laden with hu
man freight, and many other picnickers
took the regular trains for the festive
estimated that fully
na were present.
GIRLS IN BLACK-FACE.
Novel Entertainment to Secure Funds
to Buy Uniforms for an Evening
School Band.
• - The Hamilton Grammar Evening School
Stands alone nmong the schools of this
•city in the proud distinction of having a
brass band. At the beginning of the
'.' present school year a number of the
• pupils bought themselves the necessary
■ instruments, paying for them on the In
. stnllment plan. The twenty members of
the youthful band were given instruction
: by John H. Bremberger. a competent pro
■ "fe.sslonal leader, and have shown wonder
. ful improvement In their playing.
On Friday evening next the young ladies
.-of the Hamilton Grammar School will
. appear in black face at the Auditorium
of the Girls' High School, Geary and Scott
, streets, for the benefit of the uniform
"fund of the band, which is composed of
the following members: Cornets— Harry
' Auld. George Auld. Frank Becky, Jerome
Newhouue, Fred Portal. Dennis Kenny;
tubas— Fox, William Gay, L, J. Fuller
E. D. Miller, Arthur Seigg; piccolo— S
. Brynes; clarinets— R. Ettenger, Ed Simon
Nathan Sunheim; trombones— Lloyd
Van Kirk and William Kern; base drum—
Henry Workheim; snare drum—
Kelson. T
A FEW INCIDENTS.
HUGHES WAS
AN EASY ONE
FOR FRISCO
Uncle's Men Bat Out
a Victory.
ANOTHER SENSATIONAL GAME
SACRAMENTO PLAYS A "RINGER"
WITH DISASTROUS RESULTS.
San Jose Turns the Tables on Wat
sonville and Captures a Re
markably Close Exhi
bition.
Hank Harris thinks it would be about
the proper thing for the Supervisors to
retire Fire Chief Sullivan and promote
J. Fitzpatrick to the head of the de
partment in recognition of his great ser
vice to a large and assorted lot of ball
cranks and a petition to that effect will
obtain Uncle's unanimous support. Satur
day the tireman, after fighting the big
Fremont street conflagration all of the
night before, went into the box for the
local ball team and pitched fourteen in
ning of gilt-edge ball against the Sacra
mantis. That he did not win the game
no fault of his. but was due tv a
jagged hole in his support.
Yesterday Fitz went into the box again
against the same aggregation of sluggers
and had them completely at his :.
throughout the game. Only one of their
three runs was batted in, that scored in
the ninth, the other two being the off
spring of large, flagrant bungle.-. Fitz
has pitched the three games Frisco has
played this season and proved himself
a master hand in his deportment in all
of them.
It is not surprising that his manager
thinks some suitable recognition of his
prowess is in order. Failing to get the
Supervisors to take action Hank is con
sidering the propriety of giving Fitz a
bill of sale to his cigar stand. Such is the
reward of genius.
When Hank learned that the visitors
intended to put Hughes in the box yes-
SOME REAR ELEVATIONS SEEN AT RECREATION PARK.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1899.
terday he was filled with wrath and im
-1 mediately filed another protest. At the
(lose of the turmoil, however, when his
linatlon had broken its string of de
feats and reversed Saturday's score of 4
1 to S, taking the long end themselves, his
i wrath gave way to sweetest smiles, and
'■ as Scorer Joe Stapleton left the grounds
i Harris called after him: "Never mind
that protest. Joe."
The protest against Saturday's game
will be considered by the managers at a
meeting a week from Wednesday night.
Hughes pitched for the visitors and was
, a soft one in two innings, when the na
; tlves bunched three nice, long, run-getting
drives on him in each. Hughes claims he
I has not signed with either Baltimore or
Brooklyn yet, as he is holding 1 out for
more money. The local men hope hi
not go East at all, lor they look upon
him m» being in the nature of a cinch. He
may be able to shut Boston out without
a hit, but he is nectar for the home team.
There was a great crowd at Recreation
Park to witness the game, the largest
ever in the grounds except on footuall
days. All of them took their lungs with
them and found plenty of opportunity to
exercise the air pumps. It was a Frisco
crowd, although the rooters were gener
ous and bestowed ample applause on
Peeples, Meaney and the otner Sacra
mentans for their clever work. Every
body Btayi d till the last man was out,
and they were glad they did, for the game
closed and victory rested with Uncle's
men with a thrilling double play after the
visitors had scored one run and were
within one run uf tieing the score.
The game was as fully interesting,
inning for inning, as the one on the pre«
(.ediiiK day, and baseball may safely be
said to be firmly re-established in the
htarls of the populace. Every half
inning produced one or more plays that
ignited tne cranks, the star single plays
• -handi d scorching
line foul after a hard run by Peeples, and
a long-distance race with a Bkyr
fly by Meaney, in which the fielder won
by a finj I Three double plays con
tributed to th> excitement, while the
comedy was furnished in the third
when Pyne got caught between third and
theplate, and, . g chased up and
down the line for a time, succeeded In
k to third owing to the neglect
;o back up Pe< pies.
Bacn mento introduced another colt,
young Keitz, a brother of the only Hank.
Like the National l>>:'.guer, he co\
nd and ni.ule a ni"st favorabU- im
pression. He handles himself exceedingly
well.
For two innings the game ran alonj*
without a hit or a run, and then the Na
tives fink Hughes' measurement and
batted out the game right there. Har'.
man opened with a single. Fitzpatrick
scientifically sacrificing him to second.
Pyne laced out a triple to the left field
fence, scoring Hartman. Riley sent a
grounder to Peeples, who sent the ball
home to head off Pyne, and for a time it
looked as though it was all day with the
• doctor. He finally managed to get back
to third, Joshua in the meantime having
jogged around to the second corner. Krug
i drove a grounder to Sheehan, who caught
; Pyne at the plate. But Sullivan caught
i the ball fair fon a double to right ar.d
I both Riley and Krug tallied.
Krug let Sacramento have a run in the
i fourth. Meaney led off with a smiri-\
; st<">le second and reached third while fee*
plea find Doyle wore being- retired in ordt r
at first on infield grounders. Hughes
orove a liner into Krug's hands, but it
was too hot for him to hold and Meaney
reached home.
Frisco made its last run in the sixth.
With one out Pyne made a scratch hit,
Riley flew to Meaney, after which inter
esting event Krug plucked another single.
Sullivan followed with his second double,
scoring Pyne. Hilderbrandt ended the
bombardment with a high fly to Shana
han.
Hughes, for Sacramento, got around (n
the seventh on O'Neil's fumble of his
grounder, a steal to second, third on x
passed ball and home on Shanahan's
single. Their last run came in the ninth.
With one out, Doyle touched off a double
and scored on Hughes" single, being given
the benefit of a close decision at the plate.
The score:
PAN FHANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pyne, c. t 4 12 0 10 0
Rllev, 3b 3 1 0 1 1 2 0
Krup. s. c 4 1116 8 2
an. lb 4 0 2 0 12 1 0
HiltJ'Tbrandt. r. f... 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Mnller. I. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
O - Nell, -b 2 0 0 0 8 3 1
Hartman. c 4 110 8 3 0
Fitzpatrick, p 3 0 0 0 0 5 0
; Totals 32 4 6 2 27 17 3
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Meaney. c f 4 12 110 0
Teeplcs. Sh 4 0 0 0 2 11
! Doyle, r. f 4 110 0 0 0
Hughes, p 4 11112 0
i Stanley, c 4 0 0 0 6 2 0
j Sheehan, s. a 8 0 0 0 3 3 1
Rhanahan. lb 3 0 1 0 12 0 0
Walker, I. f 3 0 2 0 2 0 0
1 Reltz, 2b 3 0 0 0 0 4 0
Totals 32 3 7 2 27 12 2
RUNS BY INNINGS.
! Pan Francisco 00301000 o—4
Base hits 00303000 o—6
• Sacramento 0 0 0 10 0 10 I—3
Base hits 00110210 2—7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Fitzpatrick 1, Hughes 2.
Thr«»e-ba«p hit— Pyne. Two-basp hits— Sullivan
(2), Mr-ant y, Doyle. Sacrifice hit— Fitzpatrick.
First base nn errors — San Francisco 2. Sacra
mento 3. First haso on calle.l balls— San Fran
clrpo : Sacramento 1. Left on bases— San
Francis*'" 4. 2. Struck out— By
Fitzpatrick !. by Hi:srh«s 4. Double plays—
O'Keil to Sullivan to Rlley: Sheehan to Shana
han; Ftt^iMtrick to Krup to Sullivan. Passed
ball — Hartman. Umpire— Donahue. Ofrtcial
scorer— Stapleton.
San Jose Takes a Game.
SAN JOSE. April 2.— San Jose turned
the tables on Watsonville to-day and won :
a hotly contested game, marked by fine .
playing-, by a score of 2to 1. The fea- j
tures were the sensational play by An- '
derson of San Jose in the ninth Inning i
and the clever work done at second by i
Anderson and Kent. The score:
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E. i
McGucken. c. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0!
Koley, r. f 4 0 0 0 10 1
Anderson. 2b 4 1 1 1 6 2 0
Dalrymple. 1. f 4 0 2 0 1 0 0
Hanlon, 1b 4 1 1 2 12 0 0
Kllber. o. s 4 0 10 2 3 1
Eagan, 3b 2 0 12 110
Andrews, p 2 0 0 0 0 8 1
Kent, c 3 0 0 0 2 5 0
Totals 31 2 6 5 27 IS 1
"WATSONVILLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, Sb 4 0 0 0 12 0
Courtney, s. « 3 0 0 0 12 0
Plake, 2b 3 0 10 2 10
Pelna. lb 2 1 0 0 12 0 0
Hanson, c 2 0 114 2 0
Morrow, c 3 0 10 5 3 0 I
Harper, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 11
Hymes. 1. f 3 0 0 0 10 O!
Lawler. r. f 2 0 0 0 10 0 1
Whelan, c. I 2 0 0 0 0 0 01
Totals 27 1 3 1 27 13 1 j
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Jose 01100000 o—2
Hase hits 02200100 1— i
Watsonville 00010000 o—l
Base hits 01020000 o—3
SUMMARY.
Struck out— Harper 10. Base on balls— By
Andrews 4. by Harper 1. Hit by pitched ball— (
Andrews. Lawler. 'Left on bases — San Jose 4, I
Watsonville 1. Time of (fame— l:so. Umpire — j
Rube Levy- Official scorer— Tony Gubiotti.
Beachcombers Swat Oakland.
SANTA CRUZ, Apru 2.— The baseball
season opened this afternoon with a game
between the Beachcombers and the Oak
lands. There was a big attendance. The
Oaklands made five runs In the first
inning and only one after that. The
Beachcombers tied the score twice and by
heavy hitting batted out winning runs.
The feature was Strleb's home run.
Batteries — Beachcombers, Balsz and
Pace; Oaklands, Shea and Hammond.
Score:
Beachcombers 0 I 2 1 1 0 l 8 o—lo
Oaklands 5 00010000—6
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh st., corner Mission. Salt water,
direct from ocean.
In a cubic m^ter of limestone 3,000,000,
--000 Beashells have been found.
ROCKET WON
THE OPEN STAKE
AT UNION PARK
False Flatterer Was
the Runner-Up.
THE HARES WERE FAST
MILLER'S RABBIE WAS THE HOT
THING OF THE DAY.
The Talent Thought Theron Would
Win the Purse, but He Was
Out in the Sixth
Hound.
Rocket, the fleet hound owned by H.
A. Deckelraan, won the open stake at
Union Park yesterday In the presence of
5000 spectators. False Flatterer was !
runner-up. The day was a great one for
coursing admirers, and up to the finals
It was a hard task to select the winner,
as all the hounds participating' in the ;
stake were in fine form and the hares !
were also very strong, which is unusual |
at this time of the year. The favorites j
won nearly all the courses, the hottest j
thing In the day that was handed out <
being Miller's Rabble in the second ■
round, the dog defeating Gladiator at the j
good odds of 7 to 1. The course might
without prejudice be called a lucky one
for the Pasha kennels' entry, as he won !
by the hare favoring him. Gladiator in !
the run-up secured the lead and the first j
two turns, but he lay off his game for a ;
few brief moments and the shortenders' I
choice made a few turns and the kill. j
Rollicking Airs made a great showing in ;
the stake, and was not retired from tne \
lists until the fifth round, when she was
put out by False Flatterer after a no
go. Theron was in fine form and secured ;
third money. He was up against i
hard game all day and will no doubt win
a stake in the near future if he can be
kept up to his present form. The course
between The Devil and High Flyer was
both exciting and amusing. The hounds
were slipped to a great hare, who ran \
the dogs to a lively pace in all kinds
of rings and circles. The Devil was the
best in close work, but when the hare
started out for a run across the field
High Flyer showed the speed. The Devil
had made all the score and won the
flag.
The results of the day were as follows:
Open stake, first round— J. Dean's Moondyne
beat J. O'Doud's Scout; F. Moray's Golden
Russet beat E. M. Kellogg's Lady Gilmore;
Dennis & Porter's Interesting beat Russell &
Wilson's Lady Emma: H. Lynch' Lottie M
beat A Massey's Hadiwlst; Pasha kennels'
Firm Friend beat K. Bauermeister'a O'Grady;
H. A Deckelman's Glen Chloe beat Russell &
"Wilson's Lady Herschel; George Whitney's
Theron beat J. Maher's Soubrette: T. B. Mc-
Eldowney'u Rosebud beat Aeneid kennels Van
Knarp; W. Creamer's The Devil beat Larkey
& Rock's Minerva; G. J. Panario's High
Flyer beat Yosemlte kennels' Beauty Spot:
Pasha kennels' Emln Pasha beat F. Moran's
Snapshot; E. M. Kellogg' s Hummer beat J.
Peterson's Gold Hill; George H. Burflend,'s
Royal Prize beat James O'Brien's Statesman;
Handy & Smith's Jennie Wilson beat Larkey
& Rock's Myrtle: W. J. Hobb's Mercy May
beat J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory: H. A.
Deckel man's Rocket beat W. Creamer's Jesse
Moore- Pasha kennels' Sylvia beat Hurley &
Kiley'B Master Mat; Milo kennels' Victor Kins
beat Hurley & Rlley's Expense: Connell Bros."
Log Boy beat A. Johnson's Tod Sloan; Pasha
kennels' Rollicking Airs beat Handy & Smith's
Petronlus; Pasha kennels' Miller's Rabble beat
J. Dean's Gladiator; H. A. Deckelman's Law
rence beat J Keenan's Royal Buck; J.
Keenan's Fear Not beat H. Lynch' Mystic
Maid; F. Moran's False Flatterer beat T.
Butler's Susie.
Second round— Moondyne beat Golden Russet;
Interesting beat Lottie M; Firm Friend beat
Glen Chloe: Theron beat Rosebud: Th» Devil
beat High Flyer: Emm Pasha beat Hummer:
Jennie Wilson beat Royal Prize; Rocket beat
Mercy May; Victor King beat Sylvia; Rollick
ing Airs beat Log Boy; Lawrence beat Miller's
Rabble; False Flatterer beat Fear Xot.
Fourth round— Moondyne beat Interesting:
Theron beat Firm Friend: • Emm Pasha beat
The Devil; Rocket beat Jennie Wilson; Rol
licking Airs beat Victor King; False Flatterer
beat Lawrence.
Fifth round— Theron beat Moondyne: Rocket
beat Emfn Pasha; False Flatterer beat Rol
licking Airs. „ _ : '\.
Sixth round— Rocket beat Theron; False Flat
terer ran a bye.
Final— Rocket beat False Flatterer.
Los Angeles Coursing.
T.OR ANGELES, April 2.— The feature
of the coursing at Agricultural Park to
day was a match race between Orpheum
Lass and Merry Maiden for $100 a Bide,
which was won by the latter in easy
style after a bad break by the Lass at
the beginning, which necessitated consid
erable delay.
The regular programme consisted of a
16-dog puppy stake, the first ever run in
Southern California, which brought out
a lot of high-class youngsters. First
money was won by Adams' Her Grace, a
Hadlwist-Lady I,owe dog. with P. Fer
raris' Milano (Punch-Sicily) second,
American Bervitv (Dakota Chief-Beauty)
third, and miss Wid (Nitz-La Fiesta
Queen) fourth.
In the open stake Dryden's Mountain
Belle won first money, with Snug second
and Duty third.
The longest course of the day was be
tween Snug and Master Jack (a bye),
which necessitated drawing Snug in the
final. There were two special races, Mer
ry Maiden defeating Mountain Belle and
Moloch easily putting out Headstrong.
The crowd was the largest that hns been
at the park for several weeks, the grand
stand being well filled. Among the out
of-town visitors was George W. Rose of
San Francisco and party, who left for
the north to-night.
The New Dog Did It.
STOCKTON. April 2.— A new dog, Swed- '
ish, carried off the honors at the Stock- j
ton Coursing: Club this afternoon. The j
attendance was large, there being a no- '
table increase in the presence of San j
Francisco dog men. The results were as !
follows:
Thirty-two dog Ftake — Charming May beat
Oladiola: Robin Adulr beat Ruby: Belle Sew
ar 1 boat Maiden: Gilt Edgre beat Dempsey:
White Tip beat .Tonquln: Woodbine beat Said I
Pasha: Swedish bent Mission; Tip beat Trlxie:
rralec Wat Pacific Quten; Olga beat Red
(loud; Salvator beat Red Chief; Olymjila beat
Maid Adrim: Forg'-t Me Not beat Rendalontc;
Iron Duke beat Village Belle; Fireman beat
Hattle; Peter M beat Dominn.
First ties— Robin Adair beat Charming May:
Gilt Edge beat Helle Be ward; Swedish
"White Tip: Woodbine beat Tip; Riw* Tralee
beat OlKa: Balvator beat Olympta; Forget Me
Not bent Iron Duke; Fireman beat Peter M.
Second Ties— Gilt Edge beat Robin Adair;
Swedish beat Woodbine; Rose Tralee beat Sal
vator; Foreet Me Not beat Fireman.
Third ties— Swedish beat Gilt Edge; Forget
Me Not beat Rose Tralee.
Final— Swedish beat Forget Me Not. the two
taking first and second money, respectively.
GREAT COPPER MINES
OF NORTHERN CALIFORNIA
IMMENSE MONTHLY OUTPUT OF
RICH ORE.
"The peeople residing in other portions !
of our State do not realize the import- ;
ance of developments now under way in
Northern California, mainly In the coun
ties of Shasta. Trinity and Siskiyou, and
relating principally to the mining indus
try," said M. E. Dltimar of Redding,
who with his wife is stopping at the ;
Grand Hotel, to a Call reporter.
"The same conditions that have bulld
ed up Butte and Anaconda in Montana,"
continued he, "are operating in Shasta
County in the vicinity of Redding, and
the value of the copper output of that
district will not at the present time fall
far short of $500,000 per month. Develop
ment work now in progress will increase I
the value of this yield several fold, anal
the latent possibilities of the copper belt
offer reasonable encouragement for the
investment of large capital.
"The Mountain Copper Company (Lim
ited), operating large smelters at Kes
wick, six miles out of Reading are em
ploying from twelve hundred to niteen
hundred men directly, and half as many
more indirectly. Ore is in sight sufficient
to run the smelters at the present large
capacity of fully SOO tons per day for
many years, and an additional ore body
has been developed within the past year
fully doubling the original expectations
°4 b UrU, credit*; I with be
e ess c-rSr^eio l P
mem work on the Golinsky group of
copper mines on Backbone ( reek, about
eighteen miles north of Redding. Work
already done virtually assures the im
mediate operation on a very large scale
of these mines. In the same vicinity an
other large deposit of these sulphide ores
is being developed by New cap
ital. This property is known as the
Mammoth group, and is owned by R. M.
Sentzer, Joseph Kahny, Anton Jaegel
and Jack Wallace. Development has ex
posed an ore body of good grade, carrjing
gold, silver and copper, seventy feet in
from one wall, with the face of tne
crosscut still in solid ore. .
"To the northeast of Redding other
large bodies of ore of a similar character
are developing. The Black Diamond
mine, at the head of Stillwater, is under
bond to a German syndicate. The Bully
Hill mine is producing copper ore of fui
licient value to admit of hauling twenty
live miles and shipping to Selby's, while
on other parts of the big crosscut stoped
copper belt, half encircling Redding In
its sweep of forty miles, development
work is In progress on a smaller scale, but
offering almost universal encouragement
to the owners.
"Quartz development is thriving as a
result of the opportunities offered for
the economical treatment of silicious ores
by the smelters. Shasta County already
records several notable instances of the
opening up of rich gold mines, due solely
to the opportunities that the smelters
present. Trinity and Siskiyou Counties
follow closely on the heels of Shasta and
the mining outlook Is very bright
throughout Northern California. The re
serve of moisture is ample to assure a
long season in hydraulic mining, and
Trinity and portions of Siskiyou offer un
usual possibilities in this character of
mining. The hydraulic mines of Trinity
are among the largest in the world, with
no impedimenta in the way of full opera
tions, such as the central counties must
overcome.
"The rinding of rich tellurides in Trin
ity promises to result in considerable de
velopment in the quartz of that section
as soon as the disappearance of the snow
will permit of work in the higher alti
tudes. All in all, the outlook could not
be brighter for the rapid development of
our section of the State than is now pre
sented."
Mr. Dittmar is the publisher of the
Morning Searchlight and has recently be
gun the publication of Mineral Wealth of
Northern California in addition. Mrs.
Dittmar, who accompanies her husband,
has just completed Tier term as County
Superintendent of Schools of Shasta
County, and is enjoying a vacation after
four years of official life.
ASSESSMENT OF GOODS
IN BONDED WAREHOUSES
ALFRED C. PLATT TO BE AP
POINTED A DEPUTY ASSESSOR.
The Board of Supervisors at to-day's
meeting will begin a systematic attempt
to ascertain the value of the amount of
goods ...e local importers have in the
bonded warehouses. Chairman Phelps of
the Committee on Personal Property As
sessments will introduce a resolution re
questing the board to instruct Assessor
Dodge to appoint Alfred G. Platt as a
deputy assessor and in conjunction act as
advisory expert to the committee. This
has been precipitated by the statement
made to City and County Attorney Lane
by Collector Jackson that he had no par
ticular objection persona. «y to give out
the information about bonded goods, but
that he would be unable to do so since it
would be contrary to the regulations of
the Treasury Department. He further
stated that it was the first time in the
history of the Custom-house that such a
request had ever been made and he wouid
have to be guided by the authorities in
Washington. Mr. Lane has withdrawn
fr.iin the controversy, saying that he has
no desire- to pit himself against i..c Treas
ury Department.
When Mr. Platt, as a representative of
the Board of Supervisors, was detailed
some time ago to get information in or
der that goods now in the bonded ware
houses on which the duty was unpaid,
could be assessed by the board as per
sonal property, he was told by Collector
Jackson that no information could be
given in regard to one importer as against
another which would tend to benefit
either party. He took this stand by rea
son of Treasury decisions promulgated on
the subject. Platt reported to the Super
visors, who then delegated Mr. Lane to
got the information, with the above re
sult
It Is with the idea of clothing Platt with
the necessary authority that the resolu
tions will be introduced and the interest
ing point will be determined whether the
State or city and county has the power
to assess goods which are actually in the
sion of the Government, though in
reality owned by the importer and espe
in the case of goods on which the
cost, freight and insurance has been paid.
The point involved is whether the United
States Government can stand in the way
of the municipal authorities getting such
information as may be necessary for a
complete report of the assessment rolls.
It is certain that the matter will eventu
ally be decided in Washington, and as the
Hoard of Equalization meets on the first
Monday in July, an early decision is de
sired by the Supervisors.
Vast quantities of goods have hereto
fore escape taxation Decause they were
contained in bonded warehouses, and the
meift Committee takes the
stand that the State has a perfect right
to take steps to ascertain the owner
shir of the goods. By having a qualiiied
deputy assessor it will give him the right
to make the necessary Investigations.
He will then request to be shown the
withdrawal entries made after the first
day In March for the purpose of ascer
taining who is taking the goods out of the
warehouse and bo assess them accord
ingly.
The controversy will be watched with
considerable interest by the importers, as
much money is involved. They are de
termined to take the matter to the courts
should the decision be adverse to them
and the Supervisors be granted the right
to inspect the Government books in or
dt-r to assess the goods.
ANOTHER PIONEER GONE.
Samuel Laventhal Passes Away at
His Home in This City.
Samuel Laventhal, one of the best
known California pioneers, died suddenly
at his home, 1527 Octavia street, last Fri
day evening. Being always of a cheerful
and loving disposition he made hosts of
friends who will deeply regret his loss.
Deceased was a prominent Odd Fellow
Mason and Workman. The funeral will'
take place from his late residence this
morning.
WKATHKR REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. April 2, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls tc
date, as compared with those of same date
last sea-son, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stntlons— 24 Hours. Season. Season
Eureka 0.00 2S.SO
R« I Blafl 0.0") 12 OS
mento 0.00 13.91 5.59
Ban Francisco Trace 15.38 7.56
0.00 6.62 4 16
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 14. 52 6.06
Los Angeles I 4.73 t.28
Ban Diego 0.00 4. "4 (.0|
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.62
Sun Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
o4; minimum, 4S; mean, 51.
WKATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Partly cloudy weather prevails over the north
ern portion of the Pacific slope. Light scatter
ing showers nave fallen over Washington, Ore
gon, Mahu and the northern portions of Nevada
and L'tah.
The pressure has risen in all districts.
The temperature has risen west of the Rocky
Mountains and fallen generally east of them.
lltlons are favorable for partly cloudy
weather in California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 3. 1290:
Northern California — Partly cloudy Monday:
litrht. variable winds.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh west
wind.
la— Fair Monday.
l'tah— Tartly cloudy, warmer Monday.
Arizona—Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Monday; l'rt.-h west wind,
G. H. •vTTLLSON.
liocal Forecast OlflclaJ.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
April, 1399. ■ ' •
Su. McTu. We Th. Fr. Sa. Mooa'*' Phases.
' 1 Ipr Las: Quarter,
. vli. April 3.' .
a _» _*_ _£. _£. _L _£_ La. KewMooa. "
T Hi ii 12 J3 U ii W A P fi 9
— _ -jh.Firai Quarter
IK 17 13 19 _^_ _£i_ 2-' i? Air:i 17. _
» SI A SI » 8 29" & Kull>:
I -I \tJ April to.
3) \ _
NOTICE TO MARINEKS. .
A branch of the United States Hydrograpnio
Office located in the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of exoense.
Navigators are cordially invited t". visit the
office, where complete sots of charts and'sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
ir.parison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
Mphty. dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes, before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
en time or giving the error, if any. is published
m the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HTJGHES,
Llput»nr,r.t. U, S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and I. iW
Waters at Port Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The h!eh and low waters occur at
the city front <Mis?!on-Ftreet wharf) about
twenty-five mtnutee later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide i* the same at both places.
Sun rises 6:88
Sun sets... 6:33
Moon rises 1:20 a- m.
O Time Time Time Time
a Ft. 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft. •
™ H W LW HW LW
"_ 4-27 $.4 : 11:45—0.1 7:65 4.6 11:55 1.8
« '.." 5:46 5.3112:44—0.1 7:51 5.1 ,
,L W| JH W L XV H XV
s I 1-051 2.5 7:00 5.3 1:29 0.0 S.S4 J
5 ...
7 '"' 2 : 5"il 12l 9'IP «-* ?■-■!'<■ °-*'i !>:4,; s '- 8
8 "l 3-46! 061 10:0S 5.4 3:55] 0.31 10:20 6.0
9"" 4-1 0.2! 11:00 5.4 4:34! l. 8 j 10:51 6.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning: tides are given in the left j
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time In*
second time column gives the second .tide^ of
the day the third time column the third tlda
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
riven are additions to the soundings on ths
United States Coast Survey charts, «eept
when a minus sign (-) precedes the heieht.
and then the number given is subtracted from .
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters. '
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Wellington Departure Bay Apl. 3
Curacao Mexico Apl. ,
Tartar China and Japan Apl. 3
Empire Coco Bay Apt 3.
Mlneola Nanaimo Apl-. 3
Czarina ISeattle ;A.pl. *
Samoa Humboldt Apl. _
Progreso -Seattle [Apl. * .
Coos Bay Newport Apl- 4
Ruth Coos Ray ! Apl. .4
Leelanaw Seattle ;Apl. 4
State of Ca1.... Portland Apl. 5
North Fork IHumboldt Apl. 5
Weeott ICoos Bay Apl. 5
Washtenaw ....ITacoma jApi. 5
Chilkat Humboldt Apl. 5
Peru China and Japan Apl. 6 •
Corona San Diego Apl. 6
Point Arena.... '.Point Arena Apl. «
Areata Coos Bay ;... Apl. 7
Mariposa Sydney - • Apl. 7
Walla Wa11a... ! Victoria & Puget Sound! Apl. 7
San Jose 'Panama ;Apl. 8.
Orizaba Newport Apl. Jj
Crescent City... [Crescent City Apl. 8
Columbia Portland Apt. 10
Townsend . . ICoqullle River I Apl. W
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Columbia ..Portland lApl. S. 10 Pier 24-
Santa Rosa: San Diego lApl. 4, 11 am Pier 11
Doric IChina&.TapanlApl. 4. 1 pm'PMSS-
Pomona ...Humboldt Apr. 4, 2 Pier »
Australia ..'Honolulu lApl. 5. 2pm. Pier 7
Aloha {Point Arena..' Apl. 5. 3 Pier 2
Coos 8ay...! Newport |Apl. 6. 9am Pier 11
Queen . '. . . . Vie & Pgt Sd.lApl. 6. 10 am Pier. 9
Ohilkat ....Humboldt Apl. 6, 2 pm Pier 13
Weeott lYaqulna Bay. I Ark 7. " pm Pier 13
Curacao ...[Mexico lApl. 7. 10 am. Pier 11
State Cal... 'Portland lApl. 8,10 am! Pier 24
City Sydney Panama |Ap\ 8. 12 mIPM-SS
Corona 'San Diego lApl. S. 11 am Pier -11
Pt. Arena.. 'Point Arena..!Apl. 8. 3 pm'Pier -
Steamer.
Destination.
TIMt; B.iLL.
! Branch HydrogTaphie Office. I*. S. N . Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
April 1, 18M.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly ninn to-day— •
I. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at t
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. V. P. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, April 8.
Stmr Cleone, Hig-gtns, 34 hours from Crescent
City.
Stmr Geo. Loomis, Bridgett, 33 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Lagnn, Ericsson, 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 13 hours from Fort
Erase. •-."■".
Stmr Greenwood. Gunderson, 15 hours from'
Greenwood.
Stmr Alcazar, Fagerlund, 88 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, 52% hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 6<H4 hours from
San Diego, etc.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, 11 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, 18 hours from Eu- •
I reka.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 29% hours from Cooa
' Bay.
Stmr Gipsy, Lelar.d, 29 hours from Mosa
Landing.
Stmr Townsend, Hushes, 42 hours from Co
quille River.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms, 10 days front
Guymas, via Ensenada.
Jap stmr Nippon Mara, Evans, 27 days 14
; hours 27 minutes from Hongkong, via Yoko
• hama 17 days 14 hours 52 minutes, via Hono
lulu 6 days 6 hours 44 minutes.
Bktn Mary Wlnkelmann, Benneche, 14% days'
i from Kahulul.
Schr La Chilena, Matsen, 10 hours from Fort
! Ross.
SAILED.
Sunday, April S.
Btmr Areata, Reed, Coos Kav.
Stmr Orizaba, Hall. San Pedro.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg. V:.--
Stmr Fulton. Levinson, Portland. " : ■ "; ? ■
Ship America, "-rdlng, Chis:ntk Bay.
Ship Agenor, Colby. Sydney.
Ital ship Macdiarmid. Loneobarde, Genoa,
Bark Harvester. Gruner. Karluk.
Schr Coquelle. Pearson, Coquille River.
Sehr Arago, Stensland, r • 'fishing.
Schr Sparrow, Dart. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 2, 10 p. m.— Weatheß '
hazy; wind west: velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— April 2— Smr Samoa, for
San Francisco; schr Lottie Carson, for New
port S.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April I—Sch* '
Antelope, from Coquille River.
USAL— Sailed April 2— Schr Free Trade, for
San Francisco.
MENDOCINO— Arrived April Stmr Point
Arena, hence April 1.
ROCK PORT— April 2— Stmr Scotia.'
hence Mrch 31.
ASTORIA— SaiIed April 2— Br ship Irby. for
Freemantle.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed April 2— bark
Kate F. Troop, for Guayaquil.
SEATTLE— April 2— Stmr Czarina, for.
San Francisco: stmr Farallon, for Dyea.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 2— Br shia
Olivebank, hence March 15.
NEAH— Passed in April Stmr Willamette,
hence April 2, for Seattle. '
TOWNSEND— Arrived April 2— Br bark Ratio
F. Troop, from Gamble, for Guayaquil.
FORT ROSS— Arrived April 2— Schr La Chi- '
lena, hence March 31, and sailed for Sa.n Fran
cisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived March 21— Jap schr
Riushui Maru. from Nagasaki; March 22— Jap
Ftmr Kee Lung Maru. from Kobe; March 23—
j Bktn Morning Star, from San Francisco. March
4: March 24— Br stmr Manuense, from Tacoma;-
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, hence March 17;
Jap Btmr Nippon Maru. from Hongkong; March
— Br stmr Santung, from Yokohama. Sailed— '
March 21— Schr Eva, for Mahukona; March 22— .
Bktn Plnster, for San Francisco: schr Ameri
can Girl, for Port Townsend; March 23— Bktn '
Newsboy, for San Francisco; schr Mary E.
Foster, for San Francisco; March 24— Brig J. D. ',
Spreckels, for Mahukona; March 25— Jap stmr"
Hongkong Maru, for Hongkong.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK, April 2— Arrived— Cham
pagne. Havre; Siberian, Glasgow and Halifax;
New York. Southampton and Cherbourg.
NEW YORK— Arrived April Stmr Cunc, •
from Liverpool. Sailed— Stmrs Ems, Naples
and Genoa.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Anril 2— Stmr Bre
men, from New York, for Bremen.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed April 2— Stmr Etru
ria. from Liverpool, for New York.
iWfifiidjctlLoowSAUDREY IS A
SPORT, SAYS
MRS. CLACK
She Also Denounces
the Baroness.
HER BOY IS INNOCENT
IS AT MANILA WITH THE
FIRST.
li Willie Is Guilty She Will
Adopt the Child and
Look After Its
Future.
The statement by Miss Audrey New
man, rirter of the Baroness yon Bun of
.Budapest, that Willie Clack is the father,
of her child, that was born in London at j
.•! public hospital on February 15, 1896J is j
stoutly denied by the Clack family of this i
city. Willie Clack is down at Manila, a '
private in Company E of the First Cali
fornia Volunteers, but his mother, Mrs.
Clack, states that she heard rumors over j
.•a .year, ago that Audrey Newman had )
claimed that her son was the father of the i
little girl hat is now over three years old. ;
: Mrs. Clack states that she immediately '
had a long talk with her son and asked
h'.m if the report were true, and that he j
stoutly denied the port.
Several young men, friends of Clack, |
were seen yesterday, and they state that
lie was no more attentive to Miss New
man than the rest of his companions and i
that the young lady was both fickle and j
fast, Willie Clack is the son of William
'.'iack, the owner of the Hayes Valley
Advertiser, who held the position of chief j
cleputy in the Sheriff's office under R. I.
Whelan until the first of the present year.
V.'iille helped his father In the newspaper
office until the war broke out, when he i
enlisted in Company E of the First Cali- j
fornia Volunteers and went to Manila.
Mrs. Clack made the folowing statement
at her residence, 102 liaight street, last
. night:
"I have seen In the papers the state
ment of Miss Audrey Newman that my
Willie is the fatner of her child, but I do
not believe her. Shu may have a sister
: lhat is Baroness on Buren, but that does j
- not make her any better. The Baroness !
.■herself is a San Francisco girl, and has
a very bad reputation, and as for this
Audrey, I have taken particular pains to
Investigate her charges, ad lind that my j
'X-oy is innocent of wronging her. The j
•whole family are a bad lot, and I have
nu patience with them. If I thought my j
boy had wronged this Miss Audrey New
man, sister of the Baroness yon Buren,
and that he was the father of the child, I
would not rest until 1 had sent for the
child and brought her over to this coun
, try and adopted it into my own family.
35ut lam ire the whole family are a bad !
1 lot. Why, only think, Willie is .ow Just I
21; and though he is no saint I am sure he !
would never think of doing this girl such
fi. cruel wrong as she claims he did. A !
lad; a frienv. of \> .*lie, dropped in to see ;
me to-night, and he said that he and all ,
the boys used to go out with Audrey and |
that ■she was a very wild girl. I am sorry
that this thing should have sprung up.
£iut now that it is out and my boy is
•••away lighting for his country. If I do not
denounce these impostors who will?"
SIR KNIGHTS AT CHURCH.
rnia Commandery Attends
Easter Services at the First
Congregational Church.
• mandery No. l. Knights
:,d participated in the
First Congrega
atform
whl r of the church,
Adams, and Rev. Sir
::. Church, prelate of the Com
' mandery — was elaborately and beauti
fully decorated with snow-white lilies and
\hile a large cross of calla
a prominent position In the
of the pastor's desk, just undt-r the
• ry.
.•" The programme was elaborate and un
live. As the i~ .
rth the noti - unod's
"Marcbe Pontificate" the Sir Knights en-
I, marching slowly down the
. . took th( I for them
In the body of the church. The full rit
unl of the knightly order was rendered,
with an occasional hymn, in which the
loined. The grand "Te
•ißeum Laudamus" by the choir of the
church was splendidly rendered, and the
item," sung by the choir, Sir!
■:ts and the congregation, all stand- |
Rev. Dr. Ad- !
rmon on the in
□ the nations of the
m the earliest ages to the pres
-.'J .The services were concluded with a
.ctlon by the pastor, and as the
of Handel's organ postlude re- :
•' pounded through the building the Sir j
Knights slowly filed out of the church,
followed by the congregation.
Electric Car Jumps the Track.
At 9 o'clock last evening electric car
■'.1171' of the Misfon and Kearny- street line
Jumped the track on a grade near Broad
way and Davis strict. After leaving the
It Jr.ggled along nearly a hundred
.•rosfing to the opposite side of the
striking a telegraph pole
demolishing a wagon. There were
• s aboard at the time.
To Study the English Bible.
Not) read In all the pulpits yes
terday In regard to the Moody Bible class
d at the Young Men's
"ation building. Mason and
ttreel t >-m< m■ v. evening, at
the purpose of prac
of the English Bible. ProfVs
;!. Instructor of the Eng
lish Bible at the Pacific Theological Serol
ich the class to-morrow
BOOK FOR WEAK MEN
•• ■" &j*j\ Sent Free, Closely Sealed,
v' V ■<?£ - -U Without Marks, to Any
i3jfc.lt. ,„'.'. Man Who Suffers From
JlNfsi Restless Nights,
• Kf^ttfc« Lost Memory,
W weak Kidneys,
'/■■fll Nervousness.
THIS BOOK IS FOR MEN ONLY WHO HAVE WASTED THE NERV-
ous vitality of youth, who get up in the morning without ambition, whoso
eyes are dull and memory falling, whose vitality has begun to leave them.
.For such men as this my book is worth hundreds of dollars. It teaches how
this strength can be regained through the use of Electricity. 10,000 men have
thus been cured. Call or write for It to-day.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, send FOtf MY BOOKt
702 Market St., cor. Kearny. S. F. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN."
Or 'J'A\' Z .South Broadway, Los Angeles.
Office hours— a. m. to 8:30 p. m. ; Sunday*. IT IS MAILED FREE-
1C to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
CHRIST IS RISEN!
THE Easter festival was celebrated
throughout the land yesterday with
pomp and ceremony. In this city
the places of worship were crowded
to overflowing with Christians, who
attested that "Christ is risen."
The day opened threateningly, but be
fore the morning's services began the sun
shone brightly and the ladies were par
ticularly happy. What with the clusters
of Easter lilies, lilacs, roses, foliage and
palms that decorated the altars of all the
churches and the spring hats of the fair
worshipers, the austere surroundings of
the sacred edifices were not noticeable.
The musical programmes specially ar
ranged for the occasion by the various
choir leaders and the importance of the
celebration had a tendency to crowd all
the churches. As early as half-past 10
o'clock the congregations were in their
seats, and during the half-hour's wait for
the services to begin the time was con
sumed in observing decorations and cos
tumes.
Unlike their Eastern brethren, the men
did not dress for the occasion. Here and
there a silk hat and frock coat were seen,
but their presence was an exception to the
rule.
At the First Presbyterian the following
programme was rendered in its entirety:
Organ prelude (Guilmant); doxology; Creed;
Gloria by the choir; the Lord's Prayer; an
them, "Christ the Lord Is Risen" (Waud);
Scrlptpre reading; hymn No. 371, "Rise,
Glorious Conqueror, Rise"; solo, "Easter
Song" (Shepperd), Mrs. E. 8. Basford; prayer;
hymn No. 343, "The Head That Once Was
Crowned With Thorns"; offertory, "The
King of Glory" (Coombs), Dr. O. F. Graham;
sermon by the pastor; anthem, "Christ Our
Passover" (Lloyd); benediction; postlude,
"Easter March" (Merkel).
In the evening-: Organ prelude (Volkmar);
triumphal chorus, "Praise Ye the Father"
(Gounod); invocation: hymn No. 339, "All Hail
the Power of Jesus' Nome"; Scripture reading;
solo, "The Lord Victorious" (Ferrler), Mrs.
Rlpss; prayer; chorus, "Allelujah! Christ Is
Risen" (Shelley); hymn No. 361, "Crown His
Head With Endless Blessing"; organ solo,
offertory, in A flat (Batiste); offertory,
"The Resurrection" (Shelley). Mr. Mcßride;
address by the pastor; chorus, "Christ the
Lori Is Risen Again" (Otto Fleissncr); bene
diction; organ postlude, "March" (Raff).
Hundreds of worshipers were turned
SIR KNIGHTS AT EASTER SERVICES.
away from St. Mary's Cathedral before
the il o'clock mass. The immense edifice
was too small to contain the throng that
1 In hours before the time set for
the Important service of the day. The
ceremonies were impressive. At 11
o'clock the solemn pontifical mass was
celebrated by Archbishop Riordan. This
was followed by an eloquent sermon by
Rev. Father O'Byan and nt its conclu
sion the Archbishop conferred the papal
'ion.
-ing of the choir was a feature
of the services, the following numbers
being rendered: Beethoven's mans. "Ky
rle, "Gloria" and "Credo"; Hummel's
mass. "Sanctus," "Benedlrtus" and "Ag
nus Dei"; offertory, Giorza's "Regina
i Coell."
The choir was composed of the follow
; Ing well-known singers: Solo singers—
Bopranoa, Mi«s Katherine Klaek, Mrs. Al
' fred Kelleher; altos. Miss Julia Sullivan,
Mrs. P. Steffani; tenors, David Manlloyd,
1 Robert A. Morrlsey; bassos, S. J. Sandy,
Zani Quinto, Mr. Byrne; R. J. Harrison
' organist.
The decorations at St. Mary's and St.
! Ignatius Cathedrals were beautiful. At
! the latter place the decorations consisted
iof E:t.«t<;r lilies, pink and white I>a
, France roses, carnations, lilacs and
: palms.
The service* were grandly Impressive
! and were conducted by Rev. Father But
i ler and assistants. High mass was cele
brated at 10:30 o'clock, the sermon being
§ reached by Rev. Father Henry Woods,
. J. The following musical programme
was rendered during the morning service:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1899.
"Kyrie" and "Credo," Rossi; "Gloria,"
Fumipalll; offertory piece, •"fU'Rlna
Coell, Cagliero; "Sanctus," "Benodlc
tus" and ''Agnus Del," Bermini; organ.
"Sonata Capoccl," Phillppi; "To
cata," Dubois: "Pilgrims' ChoriiH," Wag
ner. At the evening service vespers, Gre
gorian; "Iste Confessor," Gorgriijni; "Muk
it," Mercadante; "Remna CoelC
Cagliero; "Tantum Krgo," Crespl: "Ho-
Banna," Garmicr. Organ pieces, "Marohe
Pontincalei*' Lemmens; "William Tell"
overture, Rop^ini.
At the Strangers' Sabbath Home, How
ard-street Methodist Church, the pastor.
Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, preached
last night on "The Fact and Purpose of
the Resurrection," from Matthew
xxvili:6: "He Is not here, for he is risen,
as he said. Come, see the place where the
Lord lay," and said in part:
This is the message which greeted his dis
ciples from the shining lli>« of the heavenly
.it. Not here? No, he was here, but only
inplete the work of redemption, and now
is risen as he said. Not here? No. He was
here a moment ago to crush the head of the
old peri».tit and to throttle death In his lair;
to wrest from the tyrant of the jjrave the
precious life he thought his own. Not here?
No. lie was here, but in pursuit of a receipt
in full for the payment made for the world's
mption. Not here? No. He was here,
but to pluck the flowers of Immortality which
grew beyond the grave and twine them Into
wreathes for the crowning of his followers.
"He ia not here, he Is risen as he said." As
he said at the bier of the boy In pain when
he gave him again to his mother. As he saJd
at the grave of Lazarus, when he called him
forth in his winding phftjt and rommunded him
to be unbound. As he said when viewing the
beautiful structure of the temple and declared.
"Destroy this temple of my Dody and I will
raise it again in three days." No, he la not
here; he Is risen. Risen that the birds of the
gospel might fly to every land and to every
beleaguered ark on the Ararat of desolation
with the olive branch of peace and the ver
dure of immortality. Risen, that the hope of
palvution may possess the souls of the con
demned for sin. Risen, that the gates of the
heart and the doors of the understanding may
be lifted for the Ingress of the King of Glory.
"He is not here. He ia risen as he said.
Come, see the place where the Lord lay."
Yes, r;:-Ti to lead captivity captive and give
gifts unto men. Come, see the place where
tho Lord lay, and as you gaze note that he
hath left the angels of life and Immortality to
keep watch and ward o'er the dust of his
taints and to awaken them at the dawn of the
llrst resurrection. Come see the place where
the Lord lay, but know that with his exit from
the tomb the sting of death was extracted and
the victory o'er the grave accomplished. "The
sting of doath is sin, the strength of sin is the
law, thanks be unto God, who givoth us the
victory through our Lord Jesus Christ."
The chapel at the Presidio was filled to
overflowing with soldiers and civilians to
attend the service conducted by Chaplain
Oliver C. Miller. The music, in charge
of Professor Otto Flelssner, with orches
tra and singers from the First Presby
terian Church, was appropriate and in
spiring.
Chaplain Miller made an earnest plea,
for the soldiers, and showed the necessity
of furnishing them with reading matter
and religious service. His text was from
! Mat hew 27-65: "Make it as sure as ye
ran." He said In substance: The Bible
■ is a book of battles; soldiers have always
been a necessity. Their service was es-
I sential in establishing the evidences of
the resurrection. The text was Pilate's
command to the soldiers guarding the
tomb of Jesus. Had they not been sta
tioned at the tomb there might have been
grounds for believing that his disciples
came and stole away his Body, and had
they not been stationed at the cross the
death of Christ might have been doubted.
We must first establish the fact of
Christ's death before we can prove his
resurrection from the dead. The soldier,
in obedience to orders not to let Jeesus
escape alive, pierced his heart with a
spear, and thus not only established the
truth of his death, but that he died of a
broken heart. It is a noteworthy fact
that the iirst confession of the divinity
of Christ after his crucifixion fell from
the lips of a soldier, the centurion In
charge of the guard, who said, "Truly
this is a righteous man and the Son of
God." We are Indebted to the service of
soldiers for the preservation of our Joy
ous Easter truth.
Atheism would strike out of our SKy i
any star of hope and put its seal upon
the tomb of Jesus, saying "make it as
6ure as you can." Pantheism with its
assertion that God is' nature and nature
is God, and Polytheism with Its gods
many and Deism With Its assertion that
there ie a God, but that "He has made no
mention of himself— all of these are
striving to seal the Repulcher of Jesus
and destroy the joyful truth of his res- |
urrection, but to no avail. They cannot j
satisfy the yearning soul; it escanes
from them as one suffocating flees for th«
fresh air. Christ has broken the power
of the tomb, and they who believe in him
may look througli the grave at another
door into that larger life that awaits the
liberated soul and alone can satisfy Its
longing 1 . The power of the life to come
is the greatest of all inspirations. In it
all injustice will be banished and evil
qualities leveled, and the oppressed lib
erated and broken ties reunited forever, j
I.,ife this side of the resurrection is but 1
the lesser half of life's story and only a |
minor part of its song of joy. They who
by a living faith are savingly unitod with
Christ the ilret fruits of the resurrection
shall sit with him on the throne of his
glory.
"Easter Lilies, the Angels of the
Grass," was the subject of the sermon
delivered last evening at St. Mary's
Church (PauliPt) by Rrv. Father Mac-
Corry. He took his text fmm the eighth
chapter of St. Luke: "Consider the lilies
of the field." He Baid:
Christ says to us, "Consider the lilies of the
fleld." Let us measure them from petal to
root: let us listen to the message; let us breathe
their fragrance; let ua listen to the silvery
voices from their white tops. The lilies ar«
the angels of the grass, the evangels of the
skies. When the cataract speaks, It roars;
when the clouds speak, they thunder; when the
whirlwind speaks, it screams; but the lilies,
when they gpeak, Bpeak soft and sweet and
low. Then let us consider the lilies of the
fleld, not for the sake of sentimentality, hut
for the sake of Brand and holy and helpful
Christian application.
Father MacCorry proceeded to show how
God cared for the lilies and to draw the
conclusion that if his love so cherished
those flowers, it would also cherish and |
guard thoso made in his lm;ige. Continu
ing, the preacher painted several beauti
ful word pictures of floral associations at
the marriage altar and at the grave. He
said in conclusion:
The lilies of the field are the proofs of our
coming resurrection. That Is why we decorate
With them to-day; that Is why St. Paul will
not permit us to say the dead are burled. He
always tells us they are simply sown. Had 1
not Christ burst from the tomb to-day we
should not have risen from the grave. Be- ;
cause Christ has risen we shall arise glorious ;
and Immortal from our sleeping place. The j
cemetery Is simply a summer bower where
God's children sleep to awake In the glories of
that great Easter dawn, when Christ will come
up through the netted grass to the flowers and
will Bay, "Arise, arise, ye have slept so long
ye muEt be rested now."
Tli'' Bervlcc a at the Central Methonlst
Church on Mission street was unique in
this one particular— that the crowd -who
attended tho morning service was solarge
as to fill every available inch of sitting
and standing room within the walls— so
great. Indeed, that the pulpit was taken
possession of barely leaving tho pastor
room In which to stand while delivering
his sermon. Even with this, several hn<l
to go away who could not find accommo
dation inside the doors.
The morning sermon was on "The
Empty Sepulcher," which the reverend
doctor portrayed to his congregation in
glowing colors and pathetic words. The
music, under the direction of J. J. Mor
rlß, was exceptionally artistic, and the
floral decorations were beautiful and elab- ;
orate. The feature of the decorations was
a huge cross composed entirely of calla
lilies.
Dr. Locke's sermon was an argument
for the resurrection of Jesus. He said In
part, taking his text from Matthew,
xxvlil:6:
The domes and battlements of the city nf
tiuth are all ablaze to-day with Easter glory!
All hail the Easter morn! Becnuse of the tri
umphs of that first Easter morning many dark
clouds have been rimmed with gold and lined
with pllver: many tears have glistened with
eternal hone, and life itself Is crowned with
Immortality.
The resurrection of Jesus Is essential to
Christianity. Looking back through the per
spective of nineteen hundred years, how do wa
know that Christ, Indeed, rose from the dead?
And how can we so confidently claim that the
sepulcher was empty that first Easter morning?
Greenleaf, the author of a lawbook on "Evi
dences," says "the argument for Christ's
resurrection is positively irrefutable."
The resurrection of Jesus was a fundamental
necessity In order to convince his disciples
who immediately went back to their nets, and I
H was neoe?a#ry to prove the divinity of Jesus, j
His resurrection was the master stroke of the i
Almighty to prove the deityship of Jesus Christ.
In his resurrection he became the keystone In
the massive arch which sustains the royal
highway between earth and heaven, over which
redeemed multitudes have thronged heaven
ward for nineteen centuries. Unbelief has done
Its worst, but has availed little in stopping the i
progress of the divine and risen Christ adown !
the years. The mythical and legendary theo
ries are ridiculous. A Christianity founded I
upon a myth or legend Is ten thousand times |
more wonderful and more difficult to believe ]
than a Christianity established upon a Christ j
who r'/ge from the dead. The burden of proof |
of the resurrection of Jesus is not with the 1
Christian. It Is f"r our enemies to prove that I
he did not rise. Christianity Is a mighty su
perstructure which rests upon the foundation
of Christ's resurrection. If you want an ar
gument for the resurrection look at the fruit
age of Christlanltv. Let unbelief account for |
all of these magnificent achievements with- j
out a risen Christ.
B«hold how the risen Christ has healed hu
manity's wounds and assuaged humanity's sor
rows! The glory of an empty sepulcher floods
tho earth! A living Christ Is bringing all
things to life. The Christ spirit is gradually
transforming society, and the command "Bear
ye one another's burdens and so fulfill the law
of Christ" will not cease Its application until j
the Christ love shall permeate all circles of so- \
clety, and all men will seek their own happl- j
nesß In the highest good of others. All hail the 1
power of Jesus' name! Let us crown Jesus
Christ Lord of all!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IJOWTO
MAKE MONEY,
An agent can do more
business working for The
Mutual Life Insurance Com-
pany of New York than he
can for any other Institution.
It has a world-wide repu-
tation.
AND
the new policy Issued Janu-
ary I, 1899, offers greater
guaranteed advantages to
the Insured than any other
policy issued by any other
company in the world.
Prospective policy-holders,
who desire Information re-
garding forms of Insurance ;
Prospective Agents, men and
women, who desire profitable
contracts with the Greatest
Insurance Company In the
World, will please address
A. B. Forbes & Son,
General Agents,
San Francisco. Cal.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible MerchaQts, Manufac-
turers, BroKers, Importers, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers.
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION,
IN CORRESPONDING WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL.''
BELTING. I IRON FOUNDERS.
LP lIFfiFV Manufacturer of Belting find I Western Foundry. Morton & Hedler. Props..
I. ifLULH, LacB Leather. 105-107 Mis. 234 Fremont St. Casting of Every Do.
eion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
BOILER MAKERS. LIQUORS.
ETTREK A BOILER WORKS GDDoLD whiskey. g»ii« v.50 .■ ca 8 ., $6.00
J3iUIVJ2iIV.iI DUIUDII ¥» VIVIkO, 0 . P. 8. PONY, do $2.60; case $10.00
; W. J. BRADY. Proprietor. L CAHEN & SON, 418 Sacramento St., S. F.
Special • Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship ■
Work ' "Nfl RFTTFR FARTH" Im P erlal Met
Offioß and WnrVs— MISSION ST " U DCi * Cft Km CAttl » allic Comanche
UlDOeana worn iid-iio fluooiun 01. Ochre COMANCHE ochre CO., 13 Front st.
Telephone Main 6046. . '
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. Wi| . ij^rff C^ulpIn^PAPER CO..
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, ™ LLAMtMt: ™ *™*°™ ry str .,,
342 to 350 Oearv Street. Above Powell. PRINTING.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery. E- C- HUGHES, Ml a^gggfSw
Ai PP nnifll Corner Fourth and STATIONER AND PRINTER.
IttFr HUTU S^/ii^ Te^ hic PARTRIDGE %a^
IjHI l lliJinL_ steam and Laser, ___ 1
Will la II W 111 I— " r.f ( ivurrmn uvi\
vai^cSldf^ THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, m." 
CARRIAGE MAKERS. TYPEWRITERS
O.'DllirAT S. CAKC— Makers and Dealers In *
MIEN 4 3 Landaus Hack». Victoria.. V?CS?\ All TvnPwrif Rpfltckd
Carts and Buggies. Golden 6ate aye. and Pol* £$S%\ All lypvWFlierS tISUIcU.
»t.. San Francisco. . SJsEp^* f * w Partly used for sal» cheat*.
~~ „,„ .„_„ jfcsS*"d • AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
■ COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON. JPIgL L - &M. ALEXANDER.
J. C. WILSON & CO., q6j^^ sa 110 Montgomery street.
800 BATTERY STREET. WAREHOUSEMEN.
Telephone Main 1564. THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
' ~ ~~ : Fcrv : ~- ' tig AKents and Public Weighers. G. -
COPPERSMITH. j eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Qea-
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. HLTTH. MgT. eral office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 191*.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbine, Steamboat : „,..,.„ __„
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 ' WATCHES. ETC.
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641. IT I IIVnV Headquarters for fine Jewelry an«
5 : 1- LlJnlll) ■ 18-k. Weddtnsr Rings. 4 3d st.
DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE. ~—
QPniNRTfIN £1 Pfl Second and Steven- i WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
ntUlliUlUll 06 UUi son St 3. Tel. Main 4 Mined by the
— FRBSH-ANDSALTMBATS . — - BLACK niAMONI) COAL, MINING CO. ** ltM
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
lie DAVCC .Shipping Butchers. 104 C. ri\ 1b the Best Coal In the Market.
JAj- UUIEi, Clay. Tel. Main 129*. vl7, I Office and Yard*— Main Streat-
I will guarantee
Melffi&& fcj^V that my Kidney Cure
Jgs^^WsL will cure 00 per cent.
* twa *^§ga> . cf all forms of kidney
Mfsjf $OF* complaint and In
«l* 3ffB l man y Instances the
V 3 £**&? '{<££**£>' most serious forms of
I ' K^' Brlghfs disease. If
V. . /*fm£jß * ne disease 8 com-
K-^sHilh plicated send a four-
Irt^h rtlfflim ounce vial of urine.
yjJPf^&mS&KBJ and advise you free
I 1 r^ what to do.
At all cirogglsti, 28e. ■ rial. Guide to Health
and medical advice free. 1505 Arch St., Phlla.
f'dß. not Lira. 9m I BY.
TO^fc%tf9 THE NEW
BroriothDiy. «is« /*L, :? Si Villa
VITALIS 2lhhCa r- £-* M DClflCnv
pnohr< i ?..s the ABOTK 30th Day. nkniClllii
RESt'LTS. It quickly ft •only remoTrs Nerron»n«§, Impotener,
Nightly Em!silon», Evil Dr.ams Waittn 5 Dijeues and all e£T«U
of lelf-abuio or «wjj and indi>cretion. Kestorcs LostVltalitv
Power and Falling Memory. Wards oS Insanity and Conßump!
tlon. Cure* when all othrr« fail. Insiit on havinr VTTAT.IS
no other. Can b« carried in the vest pocket. By mail *!.<><»
per pickare or >lx for $5.00 with a guaranty to Care or
iiefnnd the Montr. Circular Free. Address
OAUMET CUKE CO., 88-4 Dearborn St., CUcag*
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
m^j^/^ WHEN YOU
(f^WMiffi^Sh Require an ElcC-
Tßic belt get " Dr -
Pierces" and you will
nvssm^rjyfr not be disappointed.
"*}esr~ Call op addrew PIERCE
n ELECTRIC CO.. 620
Marti' it. («pp. Macs Hote), S. F.
IVI PP \/ 1 T A RMMm VITALITY
IMC-ri VMM lost vigor.
dE3!$& '—AND MANHOOD
&F~^ : Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
PjliijSlJal & diseases, all effects of self^abusc, or excess and
i^U^^JT indiscretion. A nenre-tonic and blood'buildcr.
L ifc \jt>Y* Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and «/
a Bvi stores the tire of youth. By mail 500 per
Pj<£|smL bo Xl 6 boxes for $2.50: with a written
W|sj\S^ guarantee to cure or refund the money.
•crtiu m<dlc*i Co., eHnton • Jackson sti., Cblcaae.
Owl Drug Co., Bole Agrts.. 1128 Market. S. P.
»*^rffii^Sft»J&*iar "'« Ala * non-roi«ocoui
atC^lH^^^^^Hßl remedy for Gonorrhea,
jMycritEll^B Gleet, Spermatorrhoea!
EggWi* 1 to 6 day».\a Whites, unnatural dis-
Bfpw Oc*xanuied j| rhargf«B, or any inflamma-
VabW not to »trictare. Uon, irritation or ulcora-
I^Jj|PreTenu contagion. tion of mucous mem-
KV|THeEyANB CHEMICUCo, branes. Non-aatringent.
CINCINNATI, O JM Sold by Draarerlats.
V<a^^. i" 3. » aHi or gent ia Plain wrapper,
/SHhk J«(&*T« by express, prepaid, fot
11.00. or S bottle*, »2.76.
■ Oircuiar Mat va ra«cfl4
■# "PATENTS^
patents! Q
MARKET ST. S.F.^b^
•^'^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JLrfStfil (ilir) KE ABSY si KstabllsUed
■nlrTaW I" I*3* for the treatment of I'rlvato
Rfii 'V <K"^ Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
HBS^Wt«»(llseaßew6)i.ringoiibodyandmlndaoa
Jss?vßs?|S'. Hj Skin Diseases, l'he doctor cures
t^fe#«|WSl others fall. Try him. Charges low
fBHV hB cunrnalffd. Cttllorwrita
3>r. J. ¥• UIBBON, Box 1957, 5 ac Franclsca
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
■tr»Bgth to aexual organ*. Depot. 823 Market.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEpABBI
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday, April 12
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May 8
HONGKONG MARU..... Thursday, June 1
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
121 Market street,' corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANBATLANTIQOB.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. j^-^
Balling every Saturday at 10 a. m. <J£O^
from Pier 42. North River, foot of «*««sa
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. April 8; LA
BRETAGNE, April 15; LA TOURAINE, April
22: LA GASCOGNE, April 29; LA NORMAN-
DIE May 6. First class to Havre, $65 and up-
ward, 6 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45, 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAu AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 3 Bowling
Green, New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pa-
cific Coast Agents, 6 Montgomery aye., S. F.
HOLLANMMERICA LINE
NEW YORK-ROTTERDAM, VIA BOU-
logne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twin-Screw - Steamers ROTTERDAM
(8300), STATENDAM (10,500). First Cabin, $50
upward Second Cabin. $37.
Baloon steamers MAASDAM. SPAARNDAM
etc., $37.
Bend for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THOS. COOK & SON. Pacific Coast Passenger
Aarenta, 621 Market Street, Sao. Francisco. L
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
fc- Steamers leave Broadway
}};■♦«-, wharf, San Francisco:
7?, > r>? ! *lrw I'" nr Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
B» Sjfea^ Apr. 1. 6. 11. 16, 21, 26, May 1;
£4* feJßs^'Jra change at Seattle.
HNkHI V&n For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
IIMT rijrfwWßli *•".). Pnrt Townsend, Seattle,
Tiicoma. Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
"** 10 a. m., Apr. 1, 6, 11, 16, 21,
26, May 1, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka rHumboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Apr. 4.
9. 14, 19. 24, 29, May 4, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Apr. 2. 6, 10, 14, IS, 22. 26.
30. May 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis OWfpo). Santa Barbara, Port
Lob Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Apr. 4. S. 12. 16. 20. 24, 23, May 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of FatHnor.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace lintel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Rpear-ntreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC $12 First Class Including Berth •
rMnC $3 Second Clas* and Meals.
Columbia calls March 14, 24; April 3, 11, 23.
State of California sails March 19. 29; April
8. 18. X. .
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
R5 PJs^^sl The S. S. Australia
/Pi^Bradllllaroig&l ratls for Honolulu
«H .WkS !£ Wednesday, April 5,
ii'vSvlsffl at 2 p. m.
PgaiMU*fl9 The S. -S. Australia
TtORSr Falls for Honolulu
irnillV Wednesday, Aprll 5,
y" _ at 2 p. m.
Oij^V\ R - s Marlposa
SfMIIM]ID<J Balls via Honolulu
3sZtfM& CylUJillJlllr' nnd Auckland for
XSPSS? ■ {OiTiFlflPtl- Sydney Wednesday,
gg*T vyiiipjiiq April 19, at 10 p. m.
• Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Sue*.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW FORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PAKI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday 10 a. m.
St. Louis April 12 St. Louis May 3
Paris April 19 Paris May 10
New York April 26 St. Paul May 17
RED STAR LINE,
New York and ,*ntwern.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark April i2|Noordland May 8
Westernland ...April 19|FrIesland May 10
Kensington ....April 26 1 Southwark May 17
EMPIRE LI.NE.
Senttlo. St. MUhasl. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steamer
JOHN REILLY.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN, Master.
Will Sail on op, About May I.
For freight or passage apply to
B. COGAN. 44 East St.
BAY AND BIVE3 STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thura, night); Fridays
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office, Mtssion-st. Dock. Pier No.
2. Telephone Main 1501. ' .
FARE 50c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
• AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O. »9:30. 11:00 a. m.; »1:45,
3:45, 5:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — »8:00, •10:00, »ll:30 a. m. n:l5,
3:00. *4:30, 6:16 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:25, »6:35. 7:45. »3:30 a. m.;
•12:20. 2:20, »3:45, 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. ■■•
SUNDAYS — 6:20. »10:00. "11:55 a. m.;
•1:15. *3:10. 4:40, *6:20 p. m. .
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m.
12:35, 2:45. 8:60, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS an Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m.; 12:05. 1:20. 3:20,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
, stations.
8:00 a.m. Sundays— Mills and .wax sU'a.
KAILROAD TBAVjsJL.
•tomiKKN I'AC'IFIC CUJIfANT.
(PAOiriC HYNTICM.)
Tmltm !«•»*«• »■■<! i»<i«* «lv« lo nrrlv« at
. MAN lIIAXVIMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From March 29, 1893. — arrivi'
*O:OOa Nileg. San Jose and Way Stations... •8:45*.
7 :OOa Btnicia, Sutgun and .Sacramento 3:43p
7:OOa MaryaTille, OroTllle»nd Rttddiug Tla
Woodland 5:4.1 r>
7:0Oa Klmira, Vadayille and Ramsey S:4sp
7:30 a Martinez, Sau Ramou.Viillejo, Napa,
Caliatoga and Shu Rosa 6:15p
N:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogden and lOast.. »:»5p
»:»«»A San Jose. LiTermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placerville,
Mary»¥llle, Chico, lied ISlutT «tlllr
hiHOa •Milton, Oakdale and nonora 4:13
!):UOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 1 2: 1 ftp
»:OOa Fresno, UakerslieM. .Santa Barliaia,
Los Angeles, Deming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 6:4Sp
IO:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:43r
12:00 m Niks, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mcndota, Haufurd, Visalla,
Porterville 4:1."5p
•liOOp Sacramento Hiver Steamers. *SiOOp
4:OOr Martinez, San ltaiiion, Vallejo,
Nairn, C'allstoKa, .Santa llosa 8<1&A
4:OOp Benicia, Vacaville, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Lauding,
Miirysville, Oroville IO:4Da
4>3Op Kilos, San Jose and Stockton 7tl3p
3:00p San Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bak«rBfleld, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 9:49 a.
Usioop Pacific «uoast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East aB:4SA.
5:30p Stockton, Merced, Fret-no 12:13p
3:Uop Martinez, Tracy, Mt-ndota, Fresno,
Mojave and I .on Angeles Bi4!)a
Sit»p Snntn F« Route. Atlitnllo Express
for Mojave and Kast «i4Bp
O:OUi> Knropeau Mail, Ogden and ICast.... 9i4»a
8:00p Hay wards, Niles and San Jose 7:45 a.
•«:OOr Vallejo 18:11*
J7:oop Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions }9:4l>r
8:« Op Ort>Kon K«pr«aa,Haorameuto, Marys-
rifle, llc.l.liiiK, Portland, I'nget
Hound and ICaat 8:13 a
al0:03p Sunset Limited. Fresno. Los
Angeles, El PacO, New Orleans
an.l East b 1 :45p
SAN LEAMHU) AM) lIATVTAKDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
"1 3lelrn-.r>, Seminary Park, (
8:OOa Kltrhlmrp, K!mliur«t. ««43a
i9iO<*A San I.eHiidro, South San <*9:43 a
lO.OOa Lcandro, Kslmlillo, Jo:43a.
(II:OOa Lorcnro. Cherry ■ I*i43i-
-3:OOp lini | (1:45p
3:OOp lliijrfardn. '«'«'
7:OOp i Runs through to lei ,. 7t43p
) t From Miles. I
(OAST 111 VISION (Nunim Uimikp).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8: 1 5a Newark.Uentervllle. San Joae.Fel ton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5:50»
*8:l3p Newark Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden. Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and I'rincipal Way
Stations Mo«3oa
4:15p Newark, ban Jose and Los Oatos... »xBoa.
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and '
Way Stations t7i»or
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrimSlH mUClSCO— root «r Mirket Street (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. (1:00 *2:00 23:09
•i:00 46:00 *6:00r.»«.
fromOUUHD— »rßro«dwij.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00*. M.
112:00 •1:00 "18:00 *3:00 tt:OO *B:00r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gunge).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
7:00 a Hau .lone mid Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:30.p
9:00 a Han Jose, Tres PI 1 1 OS, HhiiU Cruz,
Paolllo Grove, Paso Rubles, San
Luis i )l>ip|io. Uuadaliipe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4ilop
I Oj4O a Sau Jose and Way Stations *Biooa
11:30 a San Jose and Way Stations Bi33a
*2:43f Sau Matco. Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Sail Jose,
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Crnr,
Salinas, Monterey and P&cillc
Orore MO:»Ba
*8:80p San Joss and Way Stations # 9:00 a
•4:15p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•5:00 San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
3:30p San Jose mid Principal Way Stations 5:30
«::«Or San Jose and Way Stations 7lBop
f11:43p San Jose and Way Stations -7ißop
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. % Sundays only, t Saturdays only
•{Mondays. «Saturday§. (Sundays.
aiIFOBNIJT NOBTWESTEWI HT. CO. .
LESSEHI
m FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIO
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttbaron Peppy. Foot of Market 6t.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAm.
WIEEK DAYS— ':SO, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; UrSS, ■
3:30, 6:10, 8:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trl»
at 11:80 p. m. Saturday »— Extra trip* at 1:8*
. and 11:30 p. m.
AYS— B:OO, »iSO. 11:00 a. m.> 1:80, 3:50.
5 50.. 8:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
«TEEK DATS— «:IO. 7:60, 9:20, U:10 a. m.: 1I:«L
: J:lo, 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips uk
l:K and 6:36 p. to, . ■
fit?rDAY&-S:lfl, S:«, 11:10 a. m.; li«, l:«a.
~e:oo, «:25 p. ra.
Between Ban Francisco and Bchuetaeo Park
petnb aohedule as above.
Learo ArrlTft
Ban Franoleoo, In Effect Ban Frunclso*.
C.i- ■ ■. - October 18, — ' ■
Week I Sun- 13*8. Sun- Week ,
Days. ' Days. Destination, days, days.
T:JO am' 8:00 am' Kovato, 10:«0am B:<C ara
t'.fi pm 9 :SO am Petaluma 6:10 pm 10:35 ara
CU9pot 8:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:85 pm 8:22 pn»
Fulton,
TtW am Windsor. lOiIS aa»
HeoJdaburg.
Lyttotu
Q«j'B*rnll«,
l:Hpo B.*oo am C!ov»rd«I«. 7iJ5 pm A pta
Kopland and
T;» am UHtah, TitSpm 6Oi prj»
t'M am . lOrtt am
8:00 am QurMjnrllU. 7iS4 cm
! I'M pm »:23 pa
T:»>am 8:00 am Socoma 10:40 am l»« m
and
it»pto. 6 too pm <Ww> BUloo. 9 HO pa *m pm
tdOsm 1:00 am, &ebtittax»i. W :4O am M:f* am*
jlrßO ptn 6:00 pmj [ T:BC pm liM pm
I fH«cw connect Ml Santa Has*, for U»*k W«a*
iprloK#: at LrttOD for Lytton spring* ; M Oer-
arruja for Bkajrw feiHnst: at Cv>V«rdal« tct
ht O«y»er»: at Hopland for Duncan gprinirs,
*!«rWaUd eprrnfl, KelseT^Ha, CaristaA
. 'Prliif*. Soda Bay, lAkaQcrt SAd BarUett
, Springs: at Okiah for Vtohr Sprlnn, Baratog%
brings, Blue LaJias, Lajartl Dull Cftk*. Witter
iprins*, Upper La**. Porno. Potter VaUey,
Sohn Day's. Rlvertlda, Ltertey*e, BwokncH'a.
: : anhedrin Heights, HuUvlll«. BootvbvSlKi, Orr'»J
lot Sprlne?. M«&doqlno City, Fort Branr,
Vestport, Uaal. WHl|tt>i. L&jrtonvtUo, Qwn-
plng'i, Ben's Spring*, lUrriß. Olettfa. Dj»»w
: Scotia and Evrelia,
?afJrda.y to Monday round trip tickets at.
; redncea rates.
! on Sundays round trip tickets to an poteta
)«yond San Rafael at half rates,
Ticket Office*. JEO Market St.. Cbroolcle btdfc
B. c. WHuTInO, R. X. RTAN,
i CkA&A£al Mana.s;er- Cten. Ptis AffQQiU
California
limited
Santa ie Route
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Antreles at 3,
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th»
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving: In Now
York at :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Elactrla
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to th« Dally
Overland Express.
SAX FUICISCO TICKTTffiK— 19 HUKE! SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN ISM.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offloe— J Street.
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara Si.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. IS, 18»». trains will run as follows^
! South-bound. North-bound.
gasmen- Mixed, Mixed. Paasen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Bxo'ptd Exc'ptd j Daily.
• 7:20 am IOiSO am Stockton 8:45 pm 6:00 pm
0:10 am 1:06 pm Merced U:4O pm 4:18 pm
10:40 am, 6:36 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pra
11;3S am ":43 pro Banford 7t4S am 1:45 pro
2i£s pm lt:80 am Blkenflekl 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:69 am I :25 pm VJaalia 8:40 am 1:22 pro
12:16 pm 8:68 pm) Tula.r« 5:80 am 1:06 pm
' Btopplnir at Intermediate points a* required.
For particulars of Btaje and other connection*
Inquire at traffic Uantwir 1 ! Offica. m Uarkel
«tiact..^Saa.fra&claco. ~
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday*
Beet. 11. 1898:
week Days— 9:So a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B :oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:16 p. m.
Bound trip from Mill Valley, SI.
THOS. COOK SON, xk«nt«. Ol lfsriM
JfcsasVJ&UsJnsiiJ} - J
78
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
THE OTHER SIDE
OF ALAMEDA'S
SCHOOL FIGHT
Dr. Tisdale Replies to
B. C. Brown.
THE TELEPHONE INCIDENT
SOME DEPARTMENT SECRETS
MADE PUBLIC.
The School Director Scorches J. K.
Lynch and George Scott
of the Municipal
League.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
1428 Park street, April 2.
Dr. C. L. Tisdale, member of c .Ma
meda Board of Education, who was made
famous by his celebrated telephone in
terview with Brainard C. Brown, replied
last night to the charges of corruption
made against him and other members of
the board by the school committee of the
Municipal I His address was
made at a meeting of the Non-Par
tisan party before one of the largest po
litical gatherings ever witnessed in this
city. The speaker was wildly cheered
throughout his ;>ddruss. In part he said:
I am here • you that I am a candi
date for re-election to the Hoard of Educa
tion. You may have heard— by telephone per
haps- hat I am a candidate. I have
Eerved in that position for the last eight years
and I am not ashamed i ! any act that I have
performed during that period. I have lived in
this city for fourteen years, and never before
has any man or any party or any organizat'.<: - ;
of a political or other character dared to vil
ify or throw mud upon the candidate! of a
rival organization. It Is the first time, fellow -
citizens, that this kind of a fight has ever been
made. Alameda has been the pride of her
citizens She has pat here upon the peninsula,
occupying a proud and lofty position. She ha.»
said other town have crooked officials,
towns have had municipal scandals, other
towns have had (iisriyreements In their body
politic, but we, the city of Alameda, have
never had men hi office of whom we were
ashamed. We have made that statement an 1
we have believed it. and in believing it we
have brought here thousands of the best people
of California t> build their homes in our midst.
Thpy have come here because they believed
that Alani(da was pure. They have come here
-.- they believed its municipal government
was clean. Fellow-citizens, if the sort of fight
that was begun lately is kept up, Alameda
will receive a black eye from which It will
take her years to recover.
The speaker paid a tribute to the high
character of the opposing candidates, and
stated that they were not responsible for
the Inauguration of the "mud-slinging
campaign." He said that there had never
been a scandal in the Alameda School
Department, and that its financial affairs
had been conducted la a strictly honest
manner, and that its supplies had been
purchased at closer prices than by any
other city In the State. Getting down
to the authors of the attack upon him
Dr. Tisdale paid his respects to J. K.
Lynch, George A. Scott and Brainard C.
Brown, the Municipal League committee,
in the following style:
■ The next charge that has been made against
the present management of the Board of
Education Is that the schools are overcrowded.
U» know It. Whose fault Is it? The critical
gentlemen of the Municipal League say It is
the fault of the . .rd of Education.
Gentlemen, our record in that direction Is a
matter of public knowledge. Six years apo
the citizens of Alameda voted for bonds to
erect a primary an' 1 , grammar school. The
City Trusters purchased a lot and paid $700 de
posit on it. One of the triumvirate whose name
is signed to the attack upon the Board of Edu
ls Mr. James K. Lynch of Sherman
street. Mr. James K. Lynch, you will remem
ber, is the man who served an Injunction upon
the cltv of Alameda, and so prevtntei the
building of the primary grammar school at
that time. Fellow-citizens, If we hai that
t-chool to-day there would be no coafteyiion in
this detriment. This Is the same Jamer K.
Lynch who selfishly said that no school
should he built in his neighborhood, the same
man who Is reported to have said that noschool
children should pass by his house, the game
James K. Lynch who caused the city to lose
the J7M deposit that 1t put up on the lot,
the same James K. Lynch who. trusting to the
ehort memory of his fellow-citizens, has now
. decided to cast the. blame for his own Belfigh
the Board of Education of this city.
(Applause.)
Another member of this triumvirate, who
thes-^ attacks upon Mr. Lanktree and
myself, le George W. Scott, the anxious father
of a School Director. He has signed this state
ment. He has charged that a ring controls
the department In this city; that Mr Lanktree.
Mr. Brown and myself have captured all the
■committees of any value In the department,
leaving his son to the solitary grandeur of the
presidential fhair. (Laughter, i How was this
position obtained? Dr. Scott agreed to appoint
us if we would vote for him that he might be
come president and so satisfy his own ambi
tion and that of his father, who. until out
raifd public opinion became too strong, occu
the undignified position of member of a
•committee which was publicly vilifying and
inrulting his Fons colleagues on the board. It
our record in the preceding years had been so
very bad, why did these gentlemen return us
to thos.- i.nsitions of alleged Importance? I
have told you.
Referring to Bralnard C. Brown, with
whom he had the telephone interview,
the speaker said:
The third member of the triumvirate, to
whose venomous pen is due the series of pollt
. leal classics that have disgusted this commu- i
nity during the present campaign, pays the
enormous sum of 52 l-3c per annum toward the
• School fund of this city. No wonder that he
guards with a Jealous eye the expenditure of
this munificent amount and feels anxious for
■ fear it may he misapplied. (Applause.) For
months this person has been maliciously and
• falsely attacking me on every occasion. Be
lieving that he was misinformed; believing that
he was honorable enough to desist from these
attacks when told the facts. I called upon the
gentleman at his office in San Francisco and
talked the situation over with him freely. I
• said to him, "Too have made these charges
against me. Do you know that they are true?"
He replied, "I do not. Some one told me so.
I am opposed to you and have got to beat you."
.We talked the matter over. I explained it to
him In a fair, square manner, as one man
talking to another, the exact truth as to every
: one of these assertions that had been made
against me. I Invited him to come to my
office, to look at my books and see the enor
• mous amount of money that I had made out of
the School Department during the period I have
been In it. I asked him to come and see that
: In fifteen months past I had made exactly $18
• out •'. the School Department of Alameda,
'treating the teachers professionally. He didn't
. come. I left thai gentleman that day with
the feeling In my mind that the matter was
ended. He grasped my hand In parting and
maid: "I didn't know this— I was misinformed
' of these facts." A few days after at a meet-
Ins of the Municipal League he attacked me In
the most vicious and malicious manner. HI«
elurs were communicated to me late at night
and I so far forgot myself as to use my tele
phone Injudiciously. (Applause and laughter.)
Put yourself in my place, gentlemen, and an
swer me honestly If you would not have said
as much as I did. I admit that I was angry
at such unwarranted and unexpected attacks
upon mi? from a person who had so recently
taken me by the hand. . 1 regret my hasty re
marks, and the more so a3 by so doing I raised
to a position of Importance and prominence a
person who never could have attained to that
; by his own personal merits or character. (Ap
plause and laughter.)
EASTER DAY IN OAKLAND.
In Church Decorations the Poppy-
Shared Honors Equally With
the Calla.
OAKXANTP, April 2.— Joyous music
[Specially arranp'rt, beautiful yet modest
decorations in which the California pop
py shared honors equally with the calla
..lily, and interesting sermons apropos of
Easter, were the special features at most
,of the local churches to-day. A? for the
attendance, it stronfjly recalled Mr.
Moorly's declaration that the people of
California arc growing in Christiantiy,
■for the churches were filled to their ut
most capacity with audiences in Easter
ettirr.
At St. Paul's Episcopal Church the
evening prayer and song service was par
ticularly elaborate, the large vested choir
of sololPts bfinff a special feature.
The First M. E. Church also had Eas
ter praise service, choral and orches
tral, in the evening, and this morning
Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille spoke upon "The
Dead and the Living Christ."
•"The Resurrection" was the topic of
Rev. R. F Coyle'B sermon to-night at
the First Presbyterian Church. But tne
sermon was short and a praise service
appropriate to the Easter festival occu
pied the greater part of the evening.
At the First Congregational Church
Rev. C. R. Brown spoke to-day on The
Resurrection Foretold by Moses, with
special praise service to-night.
Rev C. H. Hobart. pastor of the I- irst
Baptist Church. : poke this morning nn
"The Sham-red Sepulchre," and to-night
his topic was "Walking in the Light.
••The Groat Miracle" was the subject of
Rev. William Kelly's sermon at tie First
English Lutheran Church to-night, bpe
cial music was a feature.
At \sbury Methodist church the pastor.
Rev. Mr. Andrews, preached this morn
ing and this evening Rev. l>r i B.
Riddlck spoke and administered the sac
-leet of Rev. K. M. Hill's morning ser
mon at the Twenty-fourth Avenue ME.
Church, and this evening was occupied
with the Easter cantata "'The Glor\ of
the Garden." given by the Sunday-school.
Rev. J. R. Knodell. pastor of the Pil
grim Congregational Church, to-night
preached on "The Story of Lilian.
1 A? the Church of the Advent here were
Easter services at S and 11 o'clock tnis
morning and at 7:30 p. to., with six new
anthems by the choir. Rev V. Marshall
Law preached, and was assisted by Rev.
J. N. T. Goss.
A FALLING LILY
SPOILED SERVICES
CREATED CONSTERNATION AT
THE METHODIST CHURCH.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
1428 Park Street, April 2.
Easter services at the First M. E.
Church were rudely interrupted this
morning by an unfeeling calla lily that
fell from a cross high above the pulpit
and struck the minister, Rev. E. P. Den
nett, squarely on top of the head. The
occurrence happened during one of the
most solemn portions of the ceremonies,
but it made such a humorous impression
on the congregation that thoir feelings
overcame them and every member gave
forth a loud laugh.
E. T. M. Eckert was in the midst of an
impressive barytone solo when the mem
bers of the congregation were attracted
by a movement on the calla lily cross,
followed by one of the lilies falling from
its place and swinging gently to and fro
by a white thread that had bound It to
the skeleton of the cross. The lily did not
ttart en its downward flight until Mr.
Eckert had finished his solo and Rev. Mr.
Dennett had stepped up to the pulpit to
.'..liver his Easter sermon. The min
ister had just given voice to the first
words of his address when the lily let go.
Its course for the reverend gentleman's
head was as straight and true as a shot
from one of Dewey's puns. It sailed
through the air like a parachute. The
stamen struck the preacher upon the
crown, scattering the yellow pollen
through his hair. This, with the color
the incident brought to his face, gave his
head the appearance of a beautifully col
iaster egg.
Rev. Mr. IVnnett hid his face behind
a handkerchief, but his embarrassment
was complete when a gentle titter, which
finally developed into an outburst of
mirth, arose from the pews. It was some
minutes before the congregation and the
minister regained their composure. They
could not arise to the solemnity of the
lion, however, and the services were
cut short.
Yesterday's Handball Sport.
It was a warm day at Phil Ryan's hand
ball court. 85S Howard street, yesterday.
There were eleven good games played,
with some of the crack performers be
fore the walls. Jim Xealon redeemed
himself for the Indifference shown at last
Sunday's play. He was in fine trim and
his manner of sending out sidewall deads
puzzled his most active opponents. In
fact, he walked away with the honors of
the court. Professor Riordon was in
good condition also, but he lacked the
sending home of shorts by which he has
heretofore distinguished his inside play.
The scores made and lost were as fol
lows:
T. Clements and A. Hanson defeated W. Hae
sell and E. Antron. Score: 21—13, 16—21, 21—15.
J. Oaks and B. Clements defeated B. Collins
and G. Smith. Score: 21—11. $—21, 21— 14.
J. R. Bockman and L. Waterman defeated
D. J. Sheehan and X. J. Prendergast. Score:
21— IS, 12—21, 21—10.
D. Rodgers and P. McKinnon defeated G.
McDonald and M, McNeil. Score: 21—14, 16—
21, 21—11.
E. Mcllorrough and W. 11. Sleberst defeated
M. Basch and W. H. Kedian. Score: 21—19,
14-21. 21—17.
<;. .^rnith and T. Leach defeated A. McVlcker
and il. McLaugnlln. Score: 21— IS, 15— _'l,
21-14.
M. McLaughlln and T. Leach defeated J.
D and J. Hogan. Score: 21—12, 15—21,
21-17.
F. Elliott and H. Dlnmore defeated J. Cutler
and H. Pchultz. F^-ore: 21—16. 13—21. 21—20.
A. 'Whiteman and H. Mauter defeated E.
White and K. Hussey. Score: 21—13, 15—21,
21— IS.
The event of the day: J. C. Nealon and E.
Maloney defeated A. Hampton and J. Harlow.
Score: 21-15. 13-21, 21-10.
Arrest of a Hard Gang.
Detectives Fitzgerald and Graham and
Policemen Callaghan, Connell, Bolton
and Brown raided a cabin at the corner
of Fourteenth avenue and H street last
night and arrested Cornelius Callahan. a
prize-fighter: Al Smith, alias "Hoop"
Smith; James Condrin, alias "Jimmy the
"Whale," and John Wilson. Wilson re
sisted, but was finally subdued and tne
gang was taken to the Seventeenth-street
station pending investigation.
The prisoners are suspected of having
committed a dozen burglaries in the Mis
sion. They have robbed h_en roosts and
committed other depredations. It is
thought that these are the men who en
tered a house on Fourteenth avenue, and
alter wrecking the place carried away
everything portable in an express
wagon.
Scientific men generally believe that the
bed of the Pacific Ocean was once above
water and inhabited by men.
OLIVER W. STEWART
WILL LECTURE HERE
Eminent Pro
hibitionist
Visits This
City.
THE Hon. Oliver
W. Stewart of
Illinois, one of
the foremost or
ators of the Prohi
bition party, will de
liver a series of lec
tures in this city
during the present
week.
Mr. Stewart ha«
won a national fame
by taking the helm
of the party ship
wfien the dispute
over the money
que sl l o n nearly
wrecked the politi
cal strength of the
Prohibitionist party.
He was made chair
man of the Prohibi
tion Convention at
PHtsburg, and on
that occasion main
tained a calm, Judicial attitude, bringing together the various factions which
at first seemed Irreconcilable. Mr. Stewart will probably be the choice of
the great majority of his party for the chairmanship of the convention of
1900. He has the reputation of being an organizer and a man of command
ing ability.
He will hold two meetings in this city, the first on Monday evening, the
second on Friday evening, at Pythian Castle, 909 Market street. On Friday
afternoon a conference of Prohibitionists will be held in the same place.
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1899.
A BARBAROUS
FATHER APES
BRANDES' ACTS
Charles H. Fay Lands
in Jail.
ENRAGED AT A PETTY THEFT
THRASHED HIS DAUGHTER
BLACiv. AND JBLUE.
The Merciless Man in His Rage Bare
ly Spared the Life of His Thir
teen- /ear-Old Child,
Laura.
i
BERKELEY, April 2.— The university
town has hardly rid itself of one in
human child-beater before another has
come upon the scene. Yesterday morning
Brandes, the notorious, was convicted of
murder in the second degree for beating
his child to death. Hardly had the news
of the jury's verdict spread to West
Berkeley ere there was enacted in a
small c-ottage back of the Hoffburg
brewery a crime of similar nature, a most
aggravated and fiendish thrashing of a
helpless young girl. Save for the fact
that the outcome did not amount to act
ual murder the main particulars of the
revolting incident resemble almost detail
for detail the shocking treatment meted
out to the unfortunate Lillian Brandes.
The perpetrator of the crime is Charles
11. Fay. He is now behind the bars of the
Alameda County Jail.
Fay's house stands opposite Curtis
street in West Berkeley, between Univer
sity avenue and Addißon street. He is
said to be a shiftless character, unwilling
to work, and forcing the entire support
of his family upon his wife. Among his
neighbors he is known as a heavy drink
er and his family surfers frequently from
his whisky-inflamed anger.
It was during one of these drunken,
rages that he returned home yesterday
evening. His daughter, Laura, a bright,
intelligent girl of 13, was in the house.
Without provocation apparently he ac
cused her of having Btolen a piece of
cake. She pleaded innocence. Making
violent threats of killing her the father
took what must have been a heavy trunk
strap, old and hard. With this, doubled
and knotted, he dealt blow after blow
upon the helpless child till she fell to the
ground, dazed with the shock and pain.
The beating covered all parts of the body,
from the heal and shoulders down to the
Instep. Not an inch was spared upun
which the cruel strap * I i « I not fall. Again
and again the instrument of torture came
down upon the unfortunate victim till
the Insatiate parent became weary of his
efforts.
Picking up the body he flung it Into
an unoccupied room, vowing to carry out
his murderous threat later. The girl, left
to herself upon the floor, revived slowly,
and finding herself able to crawl made
her way by degrees to the window,
through which she managed to escape.
Fortunately neither of her parents dis
covered her absence and as fast as the
bruised condition of her body would al
low made her way to a friend's house in
South Berkeley.
The matter was taken to Marshal
Lloyd, who kept the girl at his house over
night. The full extent of the brutal beat
ing was not seen until this morning,
when she complained of severe pains in
her back and limbs.
Several bruises on the skull first at
tracted the attention of the police. Fur
ther examination revealed the whole
story.
The body of Lillian Brandes, maltreat
ed almost beyond recognition, was not
worse than that of Laura Fay. From
shoulder to hips and thence downward
the flesh was a mass of blue and purple
ridges.
Marsha] Llr>yd, in company with Dep
uty Marshal Rawson, at once decided to
place the father under arrest. They
found him in an intoxicated state search-
Ing for the child. When questioned by
the Marshal as to his treatment of the
girl he repeated the charge of her hav
ing stolen the cake. His wife told the
same story.
She admitted later, however, that her
husband was in the habit of beating both
herself and the Kirl continually.
Marsha! Lloyd took the inhuman man
to the County Jail this afternoon. He
will have to answer a charge of excessive
cruelty to children. Laura Fay is known
among her friends as a bright, intelli
gent girl, modest and well behaved.
MURDERER BRANDES' EASTER.
OAKLAND. April 2.— William A.
Brandes. who was convicted yesterday of
the murder of his daughter, spent a
giooni) toaster day. There wore no visit
ors t<j Bee him, except tho Salvation Army
and Captain White's Christian party, who
conducted brief services of prayer and
song, but Brandes showed little or no In
terest in the fact of Easter, and remained
in his cell the greater part of the day.
Nor did the advent of a new prisoner,
Charles Fay. charged with brutally beat
ing hi? little daughter at Berkeley to-day
seem to create company for his misery'
Tuppin, the man charged with felony em'
bezzlement, was brought a largo bouquet
of calla lilies by his wife, hut even these
kindly reminders performed no soothing
function for Murderer Brandes, who ap
peared sullen and gloomy.
Rose Leclerq Dead.
LONDON. April 2.— Miss Rose Leclerq,
a well-known actress, is dead.
"HOLY MOSES"
IS WANTED BY
THE POLICE
An Old Hand Swindled
Banker Jewett.
HE IS A CLEVER SCHEMER
SOLD MANY BIBLES UNDER
FALSE PRETENSES.
He Induced Saloon-Keepers to Think
They Needed Them in Their
Business and Made a
Clean-Up.
The identity of the man who sold the
last "gold brick" to Banker John H. Jew
ett has been fully established. He Is not
the unknown for which he would pass
under the name of E. N. Baker, but a
confidence operator who would be willing
to lose a nickname by which he is known
all over the country. That nickname in
all the rogues' galleries in the West is
"Holy Moses" Baker, and the law is fair
ly Itching for a good grip of its slippery
possessor.
Baker earned the prefix "Holy Moses"
and considerable incidental coin by a
clever swindle he worked a dozen years
ago. At that time he was a temporary
resident of Albuquerque, N. Mex., un
known to fame or the police. He wanted
coin, but lacked the energy to work for
it, so put in his spare hours in the New
Mexican town thinking out some plan to
get "easy money." At last he hit upon
the idea, since so commonly pul In prac
tice, of using the mails to catch victims
by wholesale. In contradistinction, how
ever, to the methods since pursued by his
imitators. Baker's plan was novel. He
was; an artist in his line. The ordinary
"sucker" was not to his taste. He pro
posed to go after people who were sup
posed to know It all, so that in after
years, while enjoying their coin, he could
gloat on the artistic fishing he had done
to land them.
Baker warned "wise" people, and after
events approved his judgment. From Al
buquerque he sent out circulars to saloon
keepers, cigar-store proprietors and well
known men about the cities and towns of
the West. He had a plan, his circulars
stated, whereby he could furnish them
with the rat lest book in the language,
one that Uncle Sam could nut keep out of I
the mails, and one that the lucky buyers !
could exhibit openly In their places of '■
business for the delectation of their :
friends. It was a great money-maker, he !
said, and could be had from him fur $i '■
cash, stamps or money order.
lluw many "wise" people bit will never j
be known, but there were thousands, i
judging from the mail BaV-r received at
Albuquerque. So many were the letters
addressed to him that the postal authori
ties became suspicious and began an in
vestigation. They found that Baker had
been sending to his various correspond
ents for the price named Bibles that could
be bought for a song. In each book he
had put a slip of paper, reading:
"The choicest chapters are from Gene
sis to the journey of Moses to the prom
ised land."
There was no way to prosecute Baker,
apparently, but he was requested to move
on and he moved. Letters addressed to I
him at Albuquerque were held up and re- j
turned to their senders, who were inform- i
ed by the Postofflce Department of the I
nature of the swindle practiced against
them.
Since that time Baker, who had earned
the name of "Holy Moses," tried all sorts
of schemes through the West. Latterly he
has worked the write-up scheme, and In
many other cases besides that of Jewett
apparently with success. His partner in
that swindle and in many others is one
A. H. H-ansen, who does the "rough
work." ____________
PROFESSOR ANTHONY ARRIVES. '
111-Fated Crew of the Stella Erland
Returns on the Curacao.
The Pacific Steamship Curacao arrived
yesterday and docked at the Broadway
wharf at 7 o'clock last evening. Aboard '
were Professor Anthony and the crew of
the schooner Stella Krlnnd, which went
ashore thirty miles north of Magdalena
Bay on the night of March IS. The eight i
men of the crew were as follows: 11 B.
Reading, it. c. MacGregor, K. n. Beck,
Arthur Whitlock, James N. Gaylord, i
George Bpencer, Chase Littlejohn and
Charles Jones. All hands have hard hick
tales to tell of their experience. When
they landed on the beach after the wreck
they pitched tents made of tattered sails
and lived in comparative comfort until
the custom officers at Magdalena seized j
their provisions. They were then re
quired to subsist on food which they
claim w;ih good enough for uncivilized,
people but hard on the stomachs of white
men.
None of the cargo of the Stella Erland
was recovered. The accident was due
principally to currents which drove the
vessel twenty miles inward before its
course could be readjusted. Captain An
thony has already made formal protest
to the American Consul at P'nsenada.
THE BIG SHOOT.
A. Strecker Retains the Crown of
Champion.
President Philn Jacoby mounted a table
at Schuotze-n Park yesterday and with a
gpn ad-eagl< Bwoop of hla arms announced
that the great annual Schuetzemeet of the
California Sehuetzen Club had begun.
"With loud cheering the large number of
marksmen present made a rush for the
Bhooting stands, rifles came to shoulders
and soon the merry popping heralded the
inauguration of a contest in which a
goodly number of sharpshooters added to
their fame and the contents of, their
pockets.
Shooting began at 9:30 o'clock In the
morning, and the last rifle cracked at 6
in the evening. Delegations were present
as guests from the Sacramento 1. fie Club
and the Ontervllle Rifle Club of Alameda
County, and at least one man in each of
these visiting organizations made a record
he need not be ashamed to mention.
No official scores have yet been mado
out, but individual computation shows
that Adolph Strecker, the Post-street
"Sycamore." has again shown himself to
be the "noblest Roman of them all" when
it comes to pointing a gun at a lullseye.
There were two targets— the ring and the
honorary— three shots being permitted at
the latter and four at the former. On the
honorary target Strecker's score was
72, 72, 70, 69. This entitles him to first
prize, a choice between a silver dinner
set and a target rifle valued at $65, do
nated by the Winchester Repeating Arms
Company. Besides, he will receive a
champion silver goblet from A. L. Ott.
On the ring target Striker's score was
93, 91, 90, 89, which places him near the
head of the list in that competition and
will bring him a cash prize of $20. The
performance of the veteran marksman
was the more remarkable on account of
the fact that in all he shot away only
ten tickets, and if he had desired to make
himself "too conspicuous," as he himself
expressed it, he might have taken first
prize on the ring target.
Closely following Streoker came F P
Schuster, who won first prize on the ring
target with a top score of 95, which
drew down the first prize of }30. Schuster
also made a top score of 71 on the honor
ary target and will receive a valuable
prize for that performance as well
Jacob Meyer, the "father of the Sacra
mento Rifle Team," came second on the
list on contestants at the honorary target
■coring 72. 71, 70 and 69. This was very
close to Strecker's record. D. B. Faktor
came in for third place on the same tar
get with a top score of 72. backed by a
second of 71. The other members of the
Sacramento Club and their scores were:
A. MHstor, 62: J. Gruhk-r, 71; E. Schmid
71; and F. Ruhstaller, 67.
On the public or ring target Dr. Rogers
and John Utschig Sr. vied for second
place, each scoring 94. Only the official
computation will tell which won. Scores
of 93, in addition to that of Strecker. were
made by C. J. Walden and O. Bremen A.
H. Pane made 92.
C. F. Homer of the Centervllle Club
made the phenomenal score of 69 on the
honorary target with an ordinary Win
•hester rifle, using open sights. With the
<ame rifle he scored 73 on the ring or pub
ic target. The other members of the
'enterville Club and their score follow:
K. D. Blacow. 59; C. W. Risen, 51. R. E.
-^mith of the same team did not shoot.
I'hllo Jacoby. in spite of the fact he
md T. J. Carroll were busily engaged in
-eeing that everything ran smoothly all
lay. found time to take a hand in the con
:est and won the' plaudits of his fellow
members by scoring 06 on the honorary
target in 20-23-23 time. Philo is a lively
men in spite of his age and takes a
back seat in shooting for nobody.
1 up principal prize scores on the honor
ary target were as follows:
A. Strecker 72. J. Meyer 72. D. B. Faktor
72. Fred Kuhnle 72. J. Utschig Sr. 71, C.
Thierbaoh 71, F. P. Schuster 71. A. H.
Pape 71, C. J. Walden 70, R. Finking 69, J.
Jones 6S, E. Ladd 67, H. Eckmann 67, Fred
Rust 67. O. Bremer fi7, D. W. Mclaughlin
flfi. A. Flason 66, H. Schroeder 66, J. C.
Waller 65, Judge Bahrs 64. E. H. Goetz 63,
J. D. Heise 63, R. Langer 62, W. Ehren
pfort 62.
On the ring or public target the follow
ing were the principal prize-drawing
scores:
F. P. Schuster 95, Dr. Rogers 94, J. Ut
schig Sr. 94. A. Strecker 93. O. Eremer 93,
C. J. Walden 93, A. H. Pape 92. D. B. Fak
tor 91, E. Schmid 91, R. Finking 91, J.
Gruhler 90, A. Breuss 90, Captain Attinger
90, J. Jones 90.
Cash prizes were won in addition as fol
lows: J. C. Walter, for first bullseye In
the morning; D. B. Faktor, for first 25 in
the morning; C. Thir-rhach. for last bulls
eye in the morning, and F. P. Schuster,
for the first bullseye in the afternoon.
The California Schuetzen Clv will hold a
social next Thursday evening at Eintracht
Hall, on the corner of Twelfth and Fol
som streets, at which the official scores
will be made public and the prizes distrib
uted.
To-morrow, beginning at 9 o'clock,
Strecker and F. E. Mason will hold a
A. STRECKER.
match shoot of 150 shots at Schuetzen
lark for a money stake. The match is to
determine the relative merits of a Win
chester target rifle and a Winchester-Pope
target rille. Strecker uses the old gun,
but, if he loses the match, has agreed to
buy and use hereafter a Winchester-Pope.
He says that he has used his gun for nine
years and shot it 30,000 times, and if he
wins the match will use the same gun "as
long as he is able to peep over a sight."
Women's Relief Corps Home.
Yesterday Department Commander Sol
Cahen, accompanied by T. C. Masteller,
J. H. Simpson and F. E. Myers, members
of his Ht;iff, paid an official visit of inspec
tion to the Home for Destitute Female
Members of Old Soldiers, which was
erected In 18S9 by the Woman's Relief
Corps of the Grand Army of the Republic
at Evergreen, Santa Clara County.
The party was met by C. Mason Kinne
of the advisory board and Mrs. E. d A.
Kinne, the treasurer of the home. Under
the guidance of Mrs. Geraldine E. Fris
bie, president of Ok- home, and Mrs. Cora
A. Merriti ami .Mrs. Masteller of the
board of managers, a thorough Inspection
of the premises was made and everything
was found to be in perfect condition. The
six acres surrounding the place are under
a high state of cultivation, and the fruit
trees, some three hundred in all, promise
to yield a splendid crop. At least two
acr< B are planted in vegetables, which
will produce more than sufficient for the
use of the home, which at the present
time has room for about twenty more ln
mates.
The management of Mrs. Frisbie has
mad* 1 the home nil that it was ever in
tended to be. Members of the home
universally express satisfaction with their
treatment and say that it is "an Ideal
home in an Ideal spot." Although this
home has been open for nearly ten years,
the entire furnishings, except possibly the
carpets, are quite as good as when
originally purchased. There is not a dol
lar of debt against the institution, which
speaks well for the management. It la
an institution of which the loyal women
and comrades of the Grand Army may
well be proud.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J E Neplein, Stanford J S Thompson, Md
<; Edmonds, Stanford F Crownlnshield. Mass
<; P Seward, Stanford G T Price, Louisville
W M Van Anden & w, J O Smith & w. 11l
Brooklyn J N Boyd. New York
HiM L Van Anrlen, NY \V F Fisher, Chicago
V M Clement, l"t:ih G A Stephens 111
(i H Crou, Boston A Lundfrren. 111
X F Trnxler, Ky A H Cody & w, Chteag
X C Mix. New York St J Otty, Germany
J Wnrsman & w, Pa L H Streeter, Va
1<; Stanton, San J'jse jo Reynolds &w, Mich
I C Downing. <"al 1" E Hennett & w. Conn
Mrs H M Cupler, 111 M H Mcnnett, Conn
H Hartwell. Cal E B Henmnt, Conn
R H McLean, Spokane 3 B Millett, Boston
J O H'-.Pflirk. <'in I! Hiirm-tt. Boston
J a McNaught, Mont |Z Amari, Japan
S Warburton; Tacnma iA Halbert fc \v, Chicag
Mr? S Thomas. N V EG Snow n w, N V
Thomas, N V X II A Ccrrea, N V
Mrs M Carpenter, N V L Mayer & w, Denver
Miss Carpenter, N V W s S Douplas, Engld
A O Beebe, N V T Flint Jr. San Jose
W H Ferguson & w, A Moller, Russia
Paris A Pustan, China
C U Barker & w, N V T M Dwiny, Stanford
J Rnulck. N V |A Ross, New York
II 1 1 dps Easards, Paris Mrs C \V Waldron. Cal
L Fletcher. Minn A C Johnson. Los Ang
Mrs S Fletcher, Minn A Kaiser, Stockton
Miss Fletcher, Minn
W J Kelly & w, Ohio. '
GRAND HOTEI*
B L Wertheimer, Cal C H Bnynton, FrndaJe
S J Rounds, Chicago A \V Miller Cal
II S Chapman, Col J W Glnther. Sacto
C C Bailey, Cal XV C c o bb, Sonora
T A Roseberry, Cal Mrs F XV Henzelman,
S T Constable, Ariz Sacramento
II Todd. Oakland C Bigelnw. N Haven
E D Dlxon. Cal X Miller, Sacto
T W Hunter, Sacto (Mrs P A Lackey, 111
AY H Cooper, Berkeley, XV F Wlekerden & sn,
T Rickard, Rprkeley Los Alamos
Mrs C F Stewart, Minn E H Price, Pac Grove
F F, Jones, San Diego W F Fisher, Chicago
E P Drew, Seattle B C Sarprent & w, N V
W L Nichols, Colo D Campbell, L Anpeles
F F CosteUo. C.ilo S C Deane. WoodlaflH
C T Tulloch, Co] C H Schweley, Oroville
C B Banner, Fresno T II Farrar, Merced
A G Lester, Wls A B Cuibrose.Lockfrd
W P Rico, Boston I A XV Dix, N J
J J Siebhron & d. Cal|D J Sheehan, Ariz
Mrs B Toland, Chlcgo|F A Jeffries. Newman
F E Fernald, Chcgo j Mrs J Miller & d, Cal
C N Hall, NY !H Collins, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P Anderson, Los Ang A M Tevery, Tacoma
F Metcalf, Seattle ;J Campbell, Plttsburg
O A Vincent. Pa A W Shear, Sacto
G Hoft & w, Alaska R W Gates, Chicago
Miss M Sauson, Cal H D Morrow, Benlcia
C H Wilson, Pomona H Anderson, Oakland
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
prsiNESS OFFTCE of the Pan Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nisht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'rl"ck.
257 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
61". Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1041 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
252S Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
N\V. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES^PETF.R FRETLING'S pile' saTveT?f l>er
box; warranted to cure all oases of bleeding
Itching, external. Internal or protruding piles
without fail, no matter of how long standing
1628 Devlsadero St.. near Sutter.
BAD tenants ejected for *4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; te!. 55t0.
ROOMS Dapered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Palr.t Co., 319 3d st.
GOOD home for 2 children; near school. 51
Clara st.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery _•=•_
No 16 K. T., 625 Sutter Stated Tjj(P
assembly THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock. ___
The Order of Malta will be conferred. «p
Visiting fraters are courteously invited. ™
CHAS. L. PATTON. Em. Commander.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
SAN Francisco Charter No. 1, Royal ■
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- -J\-
ING. Business and R. A. .degree. XX
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F and A. JIT"
M.-Stated meeting THIS (MONDAY) _J\_
EVENING, at 8 o'clock. By order J\j\
of the master. __ _ ' >
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. |_~
M.-Stated meeting THIS DAY (ICON-
DAY), April 3. 1899, at 8 o'clock p. m. X_K
By order of the W. M. / ▼ >
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
HARMONY Lodee No. 13, I. O. .^aa^flo
O. F.— The officers and the mem- : _sSS£3_c
bers of the funeral committee of "^SaS^--
the above lodge are hereby notl- /> "
fled to assemble at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner
Market and Seventh sts., on MONDAY, April
3. at 1 o'clock p. m.. to attend the funeral of
our late brother, LOUIS PFEIFFER. P. G.
By order CHAS. QUAST. Fin. Sec.
THE regular monthly _—*"t3£sK^SrSj_
meeting of the Society A&fliSß&^iXfok
of California Pioneers _rsKHEßff*SßfflH»
will be held at Pioneer
1899, at 8 o'clock. DR. « J- *'^
WM. SIMPSON will address the members. A
full attendance is requested.
J. I. SPEAR. Secretary.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 41, A. O. U. W., M&f.
will hold open house at their lodge tisjtgS
room, 320 Post St., on MONDAYKSj^
EVENING, April 3. All visiting broth *-SSK^
ers are cordially invited.
C. T. SPENCER, Recorder.
A. O. H. Division No. 2— The regular %n&r*<
monthly meeting of this division will \VV\\_f
be held at Hlbernia Hall, 120 Ninth % *
St., on TUESDAY. April 4. 1899. att£«js«
7:30 p. m. Committee on by-laws will W jf^w
make report at this meeting and action will
be taken on same. Every member Is ex-
pected to be present.
BARTLEY LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY, Secretary.
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1599. at eleven o'clock in the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market 6t.. In the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California: that
the object of said meeting is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded Indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00), in
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 2 (30c per share) of the Paau-
hau Sugar Plantation Company will be pay-
able at the office of the company, 327 Market
fit., on and after MONDAY, April 10. 1899.
Transfer books will close TUESDAY, April 4,
W.I, at 3 p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Sec.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
SWEDISH cook, also Swedish second girl, de-
sire situations: best of references. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook and house-
worker, $10 to $12. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
YOUNG nurse girl wishes situation or would
do second work; good seamstress. Apply
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH second _irl; 2 years in her last
place; good waitress and seamstress. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG German woman with a child 3 years
old wishes situation; good cook; country
preferred. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires situation;
best reference; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook and laundress de-
sires situation; 2 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse; reference; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT, 418 Powell, tel. Main 5332, best
help, all nationalities, desire various positions.
| WANTED— By a neat girl, situation in the
| Mission to do general housework or assist;
wages $15 to $18. Call or address 919 San-
chez st., near Twenty-third.
2 SWEDISH girls wish situations at the same
place, one as cook and one to do second work.
Call or write to 3 Pfeifter St., off Stockton,
bet. Francisco and Chestnut.
j MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation as
cook or housekeeper; city or country; wages
moderate; reference. Call at 805 Geary st.,
i near Hyde.
GERMAN woman wants washing and Ironing
and housecleaning by the day. Please call 2
Welch st., bet. Third and Fourth. '
A COMPETENT girl wishes a situation; un-
derstands German cooking or general house-
work; in a small family; wages $25. 2SO Fell.
WOMAN with references desires to be em-
ployed half days at washing or housework;
terms 50c. Address Call office.
WOMAN wishes situation at general house-
work; come at low wages; city reference.
. 30SVi Clementina St., near Fourth. .
EXPERIENCED nurse will take night nurs-
ing or relieve other nurse by the hour. MRS.
H., 1503 Leavenworth st., near Jackson.
YOUNG German girl would like to have posi-
tion for general housework and cooking. Call
or address 27% Tehama st.
YOUNG German girl, good cook, wishes situa-
tion; 2 years' reference. 631 Larkin St.; tele-
phone Sutter 52.
WOULD like place to assist with housework.
Call at 3_2C Clementina st. ; sleep home.
WOMAN wants washing at home and any
kind of work by the day. Apply 422 Second.
SITUATION wanted by competent girl to do
housework; good plain cook; city or coun-
. try. Box 800, Call office.
HOUSEKEEPER, middle-aged German woman,
wants position in country; farm or ranch. Ad-
dress 34S Third st.
COMPETENT lady wishes position of trust,
care of children or housekeeping. MRS.
WHEELOCK. 541 A Castro St.; call or write;
references given.
LADIES, now is your chance to go to the
springs, as I am idle; good housekeeper and
nurse. 1125 Webster St.. bet. Turk and Eddy.
YOUNG lady would like a position as gov-
erness over children through the day; sleep
home. Box 794, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED Protestant woman and her
daughter, 20 years old, wish situations in
country: mother as cook, girl to do second
work; good references; no postals. 228 Minna.
SWEDISH girl wishes position In a small pri-
vate family; can cook Jewish and American
styles; wages $25. 1412& Pine St., in the rear;
no postals.
YOUNG American woman with experience de-
sires second work and waiting in family
wages $20. Address H., box 7, branch Call
office, 615 Larkin St. ;.•-.;
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation as
working housekeeper whe. 7-year-old girl
can accompany; reference. • Call 111V4 Minna,
WANTED— A position to do light housework,
or second girl. Call 3232 Seventeenth st.
YOUNG widow with 1 child wishes position as
housekeeper for an old gentleman or lady.
Call or address 345 Fifth st.
TWO young ladles would like positions: one as
waitress; the other to do second work. Ad-
dress or call room 9. 216 Kearny st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st., near Mar- I
ket: 700 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night: $1 50 to $6 I
week: convenient and respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and from f«rry; elevator.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
FIRST-CLASS English butler desires situation;
best city reference: city or country. MISS
CULLEN, Sli Sutter st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary st. : tel. Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 % O'Farrell at.; tel. East 42<.
EXPERT cutter and fitter on all kinds of
ladies' costumes. Just from New York, would
like to- get position with good house; salary
to suit. Address, all week, E., box 523, Call
oihce. Oakland.
WATCHMAKER and Jeweler, English, wants
employment; 15 years' experience; town or
country. Address W. WILMOTT. care MRS
HEARTMAN, S3SU Howard St.. S. F.
WANTED— Position as plumber's assistant "by
strong, sober young man. A. HOLLAND, 123
Prospect place.
BOY • wants hard work. Address box 51, Call
office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
CARPENTER, general workman, has a good
chest of tools, well recommended, will work
cheap: city or country. Address- Carpenter,
164S Mission st.
STEADY, reliable man wishes situation on
private country place: understands care of
horses, lawn, garden; good references. 8.. a.,
box 820. Call office.
MAN (middle-aged) understands the care of
horses, cows, buggy and garden, wants situa-
tion. Box 821, Call office. "
HANDY man about place, chore work, etc.,
honest and temperate, wan employment;
good reference. Box 819, Call office.
ELDERLY active competent man wants situa-
tion on private place; small wages: first-class
references. Gardener, box 822, Call ' office.
YOUNG man wishes situation as janitor or
porter; references given if required. Address
box 786, Call office. '
PAINTER, first-class, will work cheap If a
few weeks' steady work can be secured. Ad-
dress Painter, 536 Ivy aye.
YOUNG man wants work as choreman or gen-
eral utility man in private family or hotel:
references. Address C. P., care Heinrichsen &
Meinert, 201 Montgomery aye. ~ : -'-':.~-;
GOOD cake baker would like a position as
foreman In city or country. 724 Laguna st.
STEADY man would like situation as mill
blacksmith. 812 Kearny st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN or Scandinavian second girl, $20;
French maid to travel, $25; 4 cooks in Amer-
ican and German famililes, $23 and $30, and a
large number of girls lor cooking and house-
work. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
4 WAITRESSES, hotels and restaurants, $20,
$5 and $b week; laundress and chambermaid,
country hotel, $20; chambermaid, wait one
meal, $20. and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
336 Sutter st. > -
PROTESTANT girl for housework, a short dis-
tance, $25; 2 nurses, $20 and $25; waitress and
parlor maid, $25. and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st. ______
HOUSEWORK, San Rafael. $20; Alameda, $25;
Oakland, $25; Crows Landing, $20; fare paid.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ■
COOK, 2 in family. $35; 3 girls, cooks, $30 and
$25- 15 housework girls, city, $20 and $25; 8
young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper, $10; a cook, board-
ing-house,- $30; 8 hotel and restaurant wait-
resses, $20 per month and $8 per week each.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NURSE $25, one child; 2 nurses, $15 and $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH nursery governess, $25. country; Ger-
man nurse, $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
WOMAN, with a child. $15, country. MIS 3
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .
SECOND girl, sleep home, $20; 3 second girls,
$25 and $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, two in family, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. ■
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced tailoresa
on custom coats; good wages. 428 Sixth st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
10 waitresses for different country hotels and
springs $20; 6 waitresses, .city, $20 and $5 and
$6: 3 chambermaids to wait, $20; chamber-
maid $15; 6 lunch waitresses, 1 hour a day, Zoc.
FAMILY ORDERS ....
cook for Jewish family, $30; 3 cooks and 7
housegirls, $25; 4 Swedish, 3 German and
other girls for housework, $20 and $25; 2 sec-
ond girls, $20, and a great many young girls
to assist. $12 to $15. C. ft. HANSEN _ CO..
104 Geary st.
SWEDISH housekeeper, $20; housekeeper, short
distance. $12. MRS. NORTON, 313 putter at.
SECOND girl, $20; 2 cooks, $25 each; houseglrl,
$25, small family; young girl to assist, $10; 8
housegirls, $20 and $15. and a number of
housegirls for the country. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter fit. _
GIRL for general housework, no cooking, $20;
second girl, 3 in family, $20; woman with a
child for country; young girl to assist, $10;
good strong girl, country hotel, $20; 25 girls
to assist. $15 and $20. MISS DILLON. 315
Sutter at. _____
WANTED— For a plain miners' boarding' house,
a young woman to do chamberwork and
waiting; $20. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay at. ;
AT the German Employment Office, MRS. '
LAMBERT, 418 Powell, tel. Main 5332. help of
all nationalities wanted for various positions.
3 COOKS $25 and $30; chambermaid. $20: wait-
ress. $18; 2 second girls, $20 and $18; 10 girls
for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkin st.
GIRL for cooking and kitchen work, wages $25;
also girl for housework (no washing), wages
$20; German preferred. Apply at 336 Third St.
j EXPERIENCED sewers to make children's
white dresses by hand at home; bring sam-
! files. 840 Market st.
1 REFINED German girl for second work and
grown children; reference. Call 1724 Bush St.,
bet. 9 and 12.
GOOD steady finishers on pants; also tew to
learn, steady work. 545 Sanchez St., bet.
Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
! GERMAN woman to cook In hotel, also a
I number of housework girls. 315 Stockton st.
EXPERIENCED maker for millinery. 130
Sixth st.
WANTED— pants finisher. 724^4
Market St.. room 27.
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
| 1307 Hyde st.
| EXPERIENCED ironer wanted. KRAXER,
226 Bush st.
I .
WANTED— An apprentice at dressmaking. 1031
Market st., room 2.
WANTED— A first-class finisher on pants. 410
Kearny st., room 20, second floor.
NEAT young girl; general housework; plain.
cooking. 2215 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants wanted,
steady work, at 435 Minna st.
GIRL wanted to do housework at 731 Green St..
near Mason.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
work; wages $IS. 2224 San Jose aye.
WANTED— Strong girl for general housework;
no cooking. 1685 Post st.
WANTED— A first-class waist finisher; no
other need apply. 2240 Post st.
WANTED— and suit hands at E. MES-
SAGER'S Cloak Store, 145 Post st.
GIRL about 1< to assist in housework. 1715
Thirteenth aye. south.
CUSTOM shirt operators; good pay; permanent
work. M. J. KELLER CO.. Oakland.
ONLY experienced hands on silk waists;
power. S. F. MFG. CO.. 409 A Turk et. •
WANTED— competent kid glove
saleswoman for Sacramento. Apply 523 Mar-
ket st., room 7. from 2 to 3 p. m.
NEAT nursegirl who understands care of baby,
$6 to $8. Call 233 Third aye:, Geary st. car.
■ FIRST-CLASS advertising agent; lady or gen-
tleman. Room 4. 408 California st.
HELP W ANTED —
WANTED— Norseman for stable
foreman; English or Scotch gardener; coach-
man, $30 and found: young man to learn
butter-making. $25 and found and increase;
! milker, $30 and found; carriage painter. $2 DO
day: machinist, $2 50 a day, and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento.
WANTED— B quartz miners, $2 day and board;
4 drift gravel miners, $40 and board, and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook for miners' restaurant;
second cook, $2 night and $7 and $9 week;
dishwashers, and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Circular sawyer for China, $3 to
$4 day and board, fare paid. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
2 carpenters, city work $2 50 day
Cheese maker $30 and found
Woodchoppers, tools advanced; also tie mak-
ers; choreman for ranch, $20; man to run
Incubator, $15 and found; farm hands and
milkers, $20 and $25; coal miners for Oregon;
furnace man; gardener, $25 and found; canin
blacksmith. MURRAY i READY, 634 and
636 Clay St.
RESTAURANT cook, near city, $40 and found*
cook and wife, country hotel; 2 waiters, flrst-
class hotel, north, $25 and found: cooks, city
and country; dishwashers, etc. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED
Man and wife for mining camp, steady place"
at $50 per month and found, see boss here "
3 Swiss milkers, near city, $30 '***
6 farmers, near city $15 and'i'O
woodchoppers, near city, $1 per cord.
5 more tiemakers, near city, tools and "pro-
visions advanced, 12c each, good wood
stableman for city stables. $25 and found-
cooks, and others. W. D. EWER &CO 626
Clay st. "
C. K. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Coachman, $30: stableman, $20; ranch car-
penter, $30; milkers, $25 and $20.
Cook, country restaurant, $50; bootblack ta'
a week: bellboy, $25; and others. olDiacK - ♦*
. Railroad laborers and teamsters
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
STABLEMAN and drive. $25 and found- a"
Swiss milkers, near city, $30: 2 ranch hands
R^W^g TcS%% h Z P^y an t^^
110161 m H ° TEL
A . * T . ED Experlence(:l washer. Sun LaundrT*
Nineteenth and Telegraph aye., Oakland.HELP TED— Continued.
'-.' BARBERS' Protective Union, the onTy legal
..-• organized union of the coast, has authorized
■'." •J. J. 11P;1NZ. Its employment secretary, to
;'.••' extend his services into the country .every -
-vvhero ami to see that none but reliable help
\-_ ■ is furnished. Office, 630 Market, downstairs.
-.-; WANTED— Seamen and green hands to go
whaling; steamer; no experience .required.
'. "STATENS & FRIEDMAN, 257 and 259 Pa-
;;•_ clfic Pt.
.-.WANTED— A good neat honest boy from 14 to
- • 16 years old to work In grocery store. In--
■ ; quire this morning, between I and 10 o'clock
•; „ at 721 Stockton st.
'•' GRAINKR wants boy accustomed to rubbing
In for grainer; wages $5 per week. Call cor-
-.. ner of Eddy and Mason sts. at Ba. m. to-day,
: WANTED— Young man as partner; stock and
fixtures cost over $600; no experience required;
particulars to-day. 536 California st.
WANTED— First-class pressman on custom-
■rr..aJe paJits; steady work; good pay. 4114
Kearny St., top floor.
EXPERIENCED man to collect and canvass-
money-making 1 : position. E. W. DORR
ill Montgomery st.
■ 3'QKTER wanted at 36 East St.; $30; call early.
-. WANTED— Lunch waiter at " Harrison street.
— — ,
YOUNO man to. make himself useful In restau-
rant. $3 a week. 233 Sixth st.
DISHWASHER wantp.l; must carry trays-
foung man. 37 Eddy st.
ANTED— To rent store .1 2 moms suitable
or f>c barber; entrance on 2 streets; cheap
.■em.; $? r>?r month. Apply 1G») Mission st.
: WANTED— Engineers and firemen to send 25c
for a 24-page pamphlet containing a list of
' questions asked by an examinlns board of
'. . engineers. A.ldress GEO. A. ZELLER. book-
seller, IS S. Fourth st., St. Louis, Mo. Men-
tion the Pan Francisco Call.
S TAILORS— Coat makers SIMON & CO., Market
' try. Arr'-y to STKIN, SIMON & CO., Market
i. and Second sts.
GENERAL tailor and coat maker for country-
. Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
BARBER^ good workman.' wants steady Job
evenings or Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day. Box 766. Call office.
WANTED-^Bushelman at E. MESSAGER'S
Cloak Store, 145 Post st.
WANTED— Solicitor for stationery firm; one
familiar with the business preferred; good
salary to right man. Address C. W., Call.
WANTED— An active energetic young man
for domestic dry goodß department: for Bao-
rnmento. Apply Monday from - to 3 p. m..
£23. Market st
10 GENTEEL ladies and gentlemen wanted; $2
to $4 day. Lower floor. 631 Golden Gate aye.
TO go this week— 3^o pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from F>oc to $1 C>o: new shoes,
slightly d.tmaged. one-half price. E62 Mission
st., het. First and Second sis.; open Sundays.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 3.".c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2.1 sts.
GOOD shoemaker, with family. 4102 Nineteenth
«t., near Castro.
MAN" who understands, florist business. 500
•
WANTED— Ladies and gentlemen as canvas-
sers; good wages: no experience required.
Call from 1 to S p. m. at 373 Hayes st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and bagpase to and from the ferry.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. United States navy: able-bodied,
J • unmarried men between the ages of 21 ami 35.
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or these who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
1 and writp English, and be between 5 feet »
' inches and 6 feet in heipht. For further in-
formation apply at the Recruiting oiflce. 40
Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
BARBER'S Progressive Union; tree employ-
•' • m't H. Bernard. Sec. 104 rth; tel. Jessie 116*.
-. WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade;
pummer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
.. ..- WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
' '• thai Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
y"-": runs Denver Hou.=e. 217 Third st. ; 100 large
•;...- rooms; 250 per night :-$l to $3 per week.
...'■EAILORS, green hands, blacksmiths and car-
.!." pente-re for steam whalers: seamen' wanted at
'•;:• LANE'S. 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
'*■ KOBSON House. 117 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
to COc: $1 to $3 per -wee«.
• • 20 MEN to go on whaling cruise; no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart at.
"'VMEX and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
.:•;•' Barber College. 13SH Eighth st. . .;.;•.-.■-
-.•:-.FINGLE sunny furnished room. '-' 50 a month.
:. ''^Limiell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
'. " .SfEN'S flne calf shoes to order, $2 50: men's
' "■"• eolelng, 35c: only one price. 923 Howard st.
'•'.' =S INGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per night: 75c, i.
■..-:•;.•• to J2 5.1 wk. Elcho House. 563>4 Market st.
>:.. :WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
„■-.■'.. clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutler st.
Iv;- SINGLE furnished flne l.irpe sunny and airy
'•:. room. 25c night. ■edale House. 321 Ellis st.
■'•-■IRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
,".'.!. : for v room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
. ' CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
* Call, 16 rapes, pent to any address in the
." •r y United States, postpaid, for $1 per . ■•■■'-.
/■ . AGENTS WANTED.
| .-: -/ COUNTRY to sell Leather Lustre: best seller
X .■ ' .. out; sample postpaid, d.'.c. J. Brown. 332 Hush.
■4' • BE wise and get In while the proposition Is
ft* nr*l make zrio<i money. I*3 Seventh st.
'■'•;"' ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED:
■WANTED — A pleasant room, large closet and
•■•' ci.-- board In the locality of Sutter and Polk
■; -•' rts. Box £09. Call office.
- WANTED— MISCELLANEOIS. '
.WANTED— Second-hand projectoscope . and
':•_■ ' films; also Hec'rul-handed stertopticon outfit.
- • :Box Sl7. Call office.
: "'\V ANTED— Pomeroy's "Introduction to Munlcl-
fv'pal Law.: state price, edition and condition.
■
■'.•' -jECRAI' Iron, brass and copper bought: coun-
,'•-.:/: try trada solicited. S. F. I. V.. 204 Mission.
:••=: . FURNITURE FOR SALE.
'.!:•' ; 4>:ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. v.-;th No.
.:•.- .-••; ■? range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
t : ; : :•'■./ FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
' -"IK 'WHITNEY hammerless 10-bore Damascus
'■ '..'/shotgun for $30, worth $75, at UNCLE HAR-
'. -v-.KIS'. 15 Grant aye.
V r BOILERS, engines. ;d-hand machinery. Me-
..'•';• INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-167 Fremont St.
'• \THREE or four fine family milch cows and
.."'•' calves. J. F. PERLE, Angel Island.
TAILOR'S tools for sale cheap. 726 Washing-
. -ton f»t.
' A 4sxl6 RETURN tubular boiler, complete. See
owner, WHITE, il6 Mission st. v:
' 12AR?. counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
;'; bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
• DRILL press, boring machine, 20-Inch planer
•■ : ' and c-niery grinding machine. 1634 Mission.
■ AN almost new ship's sextant, cost originally
."• $50; will be sold now for $17. UNCLE HAR-
'." HIS, 15 Grant aye.
: . BAKS. back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
•• . niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
:- : . J. NOON AN, 1017-1014-1021-1028 Mission St.,
' '.. above Sixth.'
' -$350- SALOON; corner East and Greenwich sts. ;
....-rent $20: owner has two place*. Call at 230
' Pacific st.
. '.'CREAMERY machinery for sale; a bargain;
•' ' almost new; latest type separator, boiler, en-
.'.,- . gine. etc. : sold separately or together. Apply
'■• -.-. .box 447, Petaluma, ill.
'. !QAS engine, 3Vi horsepower, $150; 8 horsepower,
•* -'1250; others, new and second hand. DYNAMIC
;. '.V;.EKQIKE CO., 603 California st. ',
-'• •"•IjOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;
-•.-•••f-c'omplfcte; cheap. 1913 Mission M., near 15th.
•:■!.; J7.ULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
■';..' .;-i>fige; saves power. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission.
': ; -J*nENTICr: lathe, screw cut tine; full set of
.. ," •_ .attachments. fie» owner, 728 Capp st.
• .EAKES— AII klzph new and second hand. THE
• ..-HERMANy SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento St.
. .. JJGILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
• -ASHMAN & BURKE.. 139 Heal" St.
• • j' , ,_
. -GASOLINE engine*— l horsepower, $100; 2, $125;
3. $150; 4, $175. SMITH CO.. 627 Mission St.
•"TOLYPHOXE. $35: attachment (only). $15: will
fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupl, 933 Mkt.
_ — — —
• SAFES— Bargains In new an second hand: all
■ .. Elzes; half original cost. US-111 Market. S. F.
•*••• SEWING MACHINES.
' $2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 42.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
./ STORAGE.
.CAL A Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop."
•.722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. lay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving CoT
Offlc«-^4Ol Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
FIERCE a.- TAYLOR Storage Company: pack-
!&«, advance, etc 735 Market; tel. Block ill.
, —
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A Tr? 4 ?-. ; r £O**NER saTootr~with ItVlng~~roo7rTs^
on Fifth St.. near Market; rent $30; average
iiaiiy receipts $14; fine fixtures, cash register,
■ _ etc. ILKE. 906 Market St.. room 8.
A— WAGON and carriage shop; repairing and
manufacturing of farming Implements; in
lively country town, Alameda County; estab-
lished many years; tools $400; stock at invoice
price: a splendid chance for good, steady man
)7°,* now * his business. Call R. G. WILKE,
906 Market st., room 8.
A— $800; RAILROAD boarding-house in Oak-
land; first-class paying, best class of board-
ers; large rooms; good furniture; rent $20.
Particulars of WILKE, 906 Market, room 8.
A— sSso; CORNER grocery and bar, with living
rooms, on Market 6t. ; . doing a good-paying
business; owner bought- transfer business.
Particulars of WILKE. 906 Market, room 8.
NEAT corner grocery and bar. x well stocked;
fine fixtures; living rooms; rent $25; price
$600. WILKIE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
GENERAL merchandise store connected with
postofflce in lively country town: no oppo-
sition; including building, 2 lots 25x150;
$2000; stock of merchandise about 13000;
rarest chance. For particulars call WILKE
& UXFUQ, 906 Market St.
CIGAR stand, Stockton and Market sts.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st. •
TO buy or- sell- your business quick for cash
Bee GUS STRAND & CO.. 1027% Market st.
$160— PARTNER wanted In one of the oldest
business openings, established 25 years; sure
$75 or more each per month; light office work:
experience not necessary. Apply GUS
STRAND & CO.. 1027H Market St., above 6th.
A— s2soo; CORNER drug store; doctor's practice
' worth $300 a month: receipts $20 daily; chance
for a physician. KREDO & CO., 22^ Geary.
A— $100; BRANCH bakery, delicacy and can-
Jies; 3 living rooms. KREDO & CO., 22^
Geary st.
.SSOC(— PARTNER in manufacturing business;
large stock; exclusive trade; $75 to $100 a
month clear each; no experience required;
plenty of work. Western Inv. Co., 9 'Geary.
$200— PARTNER, light business; $18 a week; no
experience required; trial given; see it! West-
ern Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
GROCERIES and bars, ?400, " $700, $100, $1500,
$1600, $2500, $4000, $5500, and many others; sa-
loons, $250, $300, $450. $760, $1400 and $1500. Ger-
man-American, 34 Kearny st. .
YOU can double your money in salmon can-
nery shares; only a tew left. See CLARK &
CO., room 509, Examiner building.
SALOON; bargain; will sell at great sacrifice.
Mclaughlin & CO., 777 Market st.
FOR best water filter ever offered on this mar-
ket; fell en sight: need not remain Idle. S.
H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market st.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for
cash apply to MOON & CO., 1008Yi Market st.
GRAND restaurant outfit complete cheap; place
to let. Apply 513^> Jones st.
BARBER outfit; 4-chalr shop; a bargain. Call,
bet. 10 and 12 a. m., 423 Washington st.
$300— COFFEE and chop house; doing good
business. Apply at 626 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— Well established printing office
' formerly conducted by the late CHAS. W.
LIEB, at 220 Sutter St., room 37, will be
disposed of at a reasonable offer. For par-
ticulars call at above office, or 212 Pennsyl-
vania aye.
$200— RESTAURANT; good fixtures and loca-
tion; paying present owner. National Agen-
cy, 7 Grant aye.
$400— SALOON, 13 rooms; partly furnished; good
place wholesale house. 117 Battery st.
FOR sale or exchange — Good paying country
hotel. Box 666, Petaluma, Cal. ■
i FOR sale — Dry goods business. Address P. O.
box, 112 Benicia, Cal.
OYSTER and clam business for sale cheap.
1325 Polk st.
HOWARD, S33— Vienna Beer Hall; for sale
cheap on account of discontinuing partner-
ship. •
GROCERY, wood, coal and feed business:
whole, part: cheap. NE. cor. Valley. Dolores.
FRUIT store for sale cheap; good chance. 130
Eighth st.
WAFFLE wagon; complete; 1 horse; everything
new; $300. 2108 Mason st., in rear.
GROCERY and bar; good stand; <-olng an all
cash business; price $1000. Box 1201. Call.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply 1737
Hyde St.
SALOON: good paying; in business quarter.
Apply book store. Clay and Montgomery sts.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; near Union
Iron Works. 1245 Kentucky st.
SALOON. Inquire Anchor Brewery, after S p.
m.. or at 636 Third si.
BARGAIN— store; nice stock and fixtures.
Box 446. Uklah.. Pal. __ J _
I FOR sals on . account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day, or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 500 Halght st.
JOHN REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires
to sell his tailoring business. Including stock
and good will. 840 Third rt.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
11-room house in Angels Camp $450
15-room house; central; $100 cash 300
30 rooms: rent $80; orr Mission st 1300
f)4-room house; clears $300 '. 1600
17 rooms; on Sixth st -450
C-room flat; cheap rent 175
2S-room house; clears $150 650
24-room house; new furniture 750
16-room house; fine corner 10C0
14-room house: new and good 800
16-ro<>m; fine corner; must sell 900
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. -.th.
10 ROOMS and bath; new furniture; $300 cash,
balance payments. DECKER, 1020 Market.
MONEY-MAKING LODGING-HOUSES.
40 rooms; Bush st... $2750
21 rooms; Post st 2500
21 rooms; Grant aye 2500
30 rooms; Stockton st 2300
30 rooms; Bush st ISOO
18 rooms;' Van -Ness aye 1500
72 rooms; California st 1000
14 rooms; Stockton st 900
15 rooms; Post at 800
10 rooms; Pine st 800
10 rooms; Taylor at...' 1 ' f>so
For bargains. ELSTON & THOMPSON, 239
Post st. ' . . - ■
A-KREDO & CO 22*4 GEARY ST.
MONEY ADVANCED O>j»ALL HOUSES.
A FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS
A FEW DAYS ONLY.
— 44 rooms; fine business corner.
$200—9 rooms; a give away.
Many others from 6 to 300 rooms, from $150
to $10,000. • KREDO & CO.
WINSTON «■ CO 1026 Market St.
18 rooms; cheap rent: one floor $450
. 20 rooms; rent $75; north of Market; snap. 800
23 rooms; brand new: give away:..... SOO
32 rooms; will exchange; corner 1000
$1600— ROOMING-HOUSE; north of Market st.
COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
GREAT bargain; 80 rooms: $330 cash, bal-
ance easy payments from Income of house.
105 New Montgomery-
9-ROOM house, furniture In good order; will
sell reasonable. 276 .Minna st.
i2-ROOM house for sale; rooms full; terms
moderate; good location. Box 811, Call office.
40- ROOM lodging-house; good location; owner
has run it for 10 years: compelled to sell ac-
count of ether business; a. bargain; cheap
rent. Call 317 Third St.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 9 rooms: newly
furnished; low rent; owner obliged to go
north. 17 Powell St., upstairs. ■•:
FOR sale— l 9 rooms, where a good living can
lit- made: cheap. 48 Seventh st.
DENTISTS. • . .
DR. T. S..HIGGINS'. Dental Parlors,
Emma. Spreckels bldg., 92". Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled .or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Beet materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-
ket st cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood b-ig.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up- plates, extractions. Tree, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p m G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
X FULL set of teeth, $5; see now flexible
plates- light and thin: guaranteed 10 years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; filling, 60c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.: telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. pEORGE W. LEEK. 20 p'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by Jils wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates. $3;. received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without, plates a specialty; full eet of
teeth $5" crowns, $3; fillings. 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors. 1208 Market St., cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN VROOM ' Dental' Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices: ten operators; open
1 eveningi* and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market at., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Pom St. ■ _____
LOWEST prices In B. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist. 969 Mission, cor. «th.
PARIS' Dental Parlors. 235 Kearu?; set of teeth,
j $4; ailing, gold, EOc; silver, 25c; crowns. $3.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1899.
PERSONALS.
BELLE— Come home; all wilf"b<T well; if In
need write; all waiting anxiously.
MOTHER— ED.
LINCOLN BROS. ~~
Sell 8 lbs rolled oats, 25c; 10-lb sack cornmeal,
20c; butter, 25c square; 19 lbs granulated
sugar, $1; flour. Sac sack; tomatoes, 90c cioz. ;
sugar corn, $1 doz; picnic hams. Trie 1b; 20
lbs rice, $1; 25 lbs raisins, $1; macaroni. 25c
a box; 2 lbs fine coffee, 25c. LINCOLN BROS.,
cash grocers, 226 Sixth st., above Folsom.
YOUR hair won't fall out of you use Lederer's
Quintonica, 35c bot.; Lederer's Foamo Sham-
poo, 5c pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER is the best hairdresser in the city,
but he charges only 25c; longest hair rolls,
35c; good switches, $1: fine, $2 50. Open Bun-
days 9 to 12. G. LEDERDR. 123 Stockton st.
AUGUSTA LEOLA, 2326 Mission st., near 20th
—Greatest fortune teller in the world: gives
luck, love and magic charms; also teaches
fortune telling; fee, $1 and upward.
HIE THIENG. 26 Glasgow St., first-class Chi-
nese laundry, removed to 338 Minna st.
A FINE suit or overcoat to order, $10 75; we
have contracts with mills to take all their
remnants; samples sent all over the country.
L. LEMOS, 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. C&l. American and Foreign
Bend for Circular. Patents Solicited.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed: no electricity
or strong medicines: treatment simple and
effective. 112S Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
OPERA bangs and switches, 50c up; this week
only; artistic opera dressing. La Verite Hair-
dressing Parlors, 30 Geary; phone red 3733.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; .Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CITY OF. PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
THE genuine misfit, 272 Fifth St.: $30 and $40
suits at your own price: perfect fit guarant'd.
PRIVATE residence for ladies In delicate
health. MRS DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth. Alameda.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no In-
jection ;guarntd.Dr.Gordln,sl4 Pine, ab. Kearny
BATHS, 12V4c; 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladies: lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8: bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
— Ladles' or gent's clothing.furniture.bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post st., removed to store lip Kearny st.
A— CLOAKS, . furs and . suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrappers for mailing. $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $s up; dresses made
over: perfect fit.. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free: sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. SOPHIA SKIT, spirit seer. 1724 Market
St., near Polk; counsel. 50c; by letter, 50c;
meetings every night, 10c.
MRS. MENA FRANCES. Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl!. ! p. m.;
Men.. 8; 25c: sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS^
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME, E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary Ft.,
bet. Powell and Mason. Her success as a me-
dium has startled the entire world. Her
power Is acknowledged by press and public to
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human power.
Her parlors are thronged by anxious people
looking for important information, and every
reply is most gratifying; all are pleased.
Without a question she tells each caller their
name and for what they came. She gives
advice on business, speculation, lawsuits, old
estates, love, courtship and marriage— every-
thing. The unfortunate and troubled should
seek her counsel and start aright. Positively
no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom-
panies. 9 n. m. to 8:30 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond Fight: diagnoses disease; full lite read-
ing: ladles, 50c: gents, $1; sit., $150. 126 Turk.
' YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 1033 Mission,
downstairs; Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 1534 sth. r. 21.
MIPS A L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 25 Sixth st.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny St., rooms 9 and 10.
, BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st. ; clairvoyant
' and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
i MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
! MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
i bond's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
i l~i—^ -i-«-s— — --——s—m s-s—s—si-s—s— ■■
1 PALMISTRY.
MME. NEEROAAKD, pupil Count St. Ger-
malne, 33SS Twenty-first St.. above Valencia;
tel. White 1571; reading by mail. $1.
" SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
i SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
i electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush
i St.; 15 years' experience: references given.
i ■
1 MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
1 AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
1 cash and $8 per month, we ask you to lnvestl-
-1 gate and approve this method; prices are the
1 same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
1 In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ftp., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW good bargains in uprights from $120
up. All guaranteed.
1 Weber, in fine order.
Estey, used very little.
Bradford, good as new; Knabe, used seven
. months. Easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & CO. Chlckering Agents,
I 16-20 O'Farrell st.
1 ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
. HORNUNG'S Pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
A GRAND opportunity to save money In the
purchase of a high grade piano for cash this
week. Room 12. Flood building.
> PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted: send
postal card to COOKE, 1081 Howard st.
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms, 1710 Mkt.
NEW pianos, stool and scarf, $3 per mo. rental.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
! A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up: Installments. $5 75 up;
rents $3 60 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
' W. G. BADGER, 415- Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett t- Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister Ft., next Hlbernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent, 308 Post st. ■
A PIANO that will please you. . the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post St.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. -
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
LOST.
CAMEO fob. Suitable reward will be paid at
1312 Washington st.
— From dray, a flask of quicksilver, from
railroad to Golden Gate warehouse. Return to
Btetson-Renner Drayage Co., 403 Battery st.
Reward.
LOST— Small blue and tan dog, named "Little
Man." Return to Haquettee, Palace of Art.
16 Post Bt. : $10 reward.
; LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
i and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of LORENS MELCHIOR. No. 199-131;
the finder will please* return to bank.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.- T
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927
. Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
' W DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
* PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021' / Market' Bt.. bet. 6th and 7th.
HOISES TO LET.
AT 24 Morris aye., off Harrison, near Sixth-
Sunny 5-room house, renovated, $13; water
free; appreciated If seen; pleaße v invesllgate.
BEAUTIFUL modern 10 rooms, bath; reduced
from $65 to $40 to good tenant: 11 IS Guerrero,
nr. 23d. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
FOR rent— ln Alameda, furnished cottage, 7
rooms, bath; large grounds; 1 block from nar-
row-gauge station; reasonable. 1355 Versailles
aye.
HOUSE and stable, 9 large sunny rooms and
bath, large yard, garden and driveway, suit-
able for one or two families. 924 Shotwell St.,
near Twenty-third.
HOUSE, 6 sunny rooms, bath; large lower part
four stalls may be used for anything. 2319
Mason st.
HOUSE of 32 rooms; good for lodging house. In-
quire 1163 Howard St., nr. Sth; two entr -1
HOUSE to let; 6 rooms. 23% Morris aye.. near
Sixth and Harrison, sts.
OCEAN VIEW— New cottage, 3 rooms, large
olosets: fy acre land: barn, chicken houses: 12
minutes from cars; rent cheap to responsible
party. 3378 Twenty-fourth st.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
PART of handsomely furnished house; piano;
marine view. 2332 Jones Ft., near Lombard.
2 SUNNY front rooms, water and closet; rent
$8, 2^2 Natnma St.. near Fourth.
Fl KXISHED HOISES TO LET.
IK >t PE to let and furniture of 7 rooms for
sale. 12 Laskie St., off Mission, between
Eighth and Ninth.
TO RENT— Furnished, at once, tasteful mod-
ern house, 0 large rooms, city water, electric
light, large garden, lawn; choicest neighbor-
hood; fronting university; five minutes from
railway station. Address or call 1 Bushnell
plaro, Berkeley.
FURNISHED FLATS.
ASHBURY, 705 — 5 large Funny rooms and bath,
nicely furnished; no children.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON, 333— A cottage of 3 rooms, chick-
en house, yard; San Mateo cars to Thlrty-
fiftli st. ; rent $6.
SUNNY 5-p cm cottage ;% stable; rent $20. Ad-
dress bos 812, Call office.
TI'RK. 1562— Cottage, 4 rooms; also cottage, S
rooms, rear: large stable; reasonable.
$9— COTT.<i;K 4 rooms; yard; respectable lo-
cation. 1705 Turk Ft., near Scott.
$10— COTTAGE, 4 sunny rooms; 1% blocks from
Market pt. 132 Rose aye., bet. Gough and
Octavla sts.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOWARD. 1722, nr. Thirteenth— Sunny, new.
4 rooms; bath and laundry; $15; very choice.
Fine new sunny
upper double fiat, 10 rooms; stable; cheap.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat. 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT of 4 rooms. 515 Thirteenth st.
FRANKLIN, 715— Sunny comer flat, 6 rooms
and bath; near Golden Gate aye.
HARRIET. 253, near Harrison and Sixth— 3
sunny rooms, upstairs, ?>.
MISSION, 1515, near Eleventh— 6 large sunny
rooms; bath, laundry and yard; rent $18.
NICE flat all to yourself; 4 rooms: modern Im-
provements. Address box 539, Call office.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
RINCON Hill— Americans owning house would
let (to parties without children) sunny corner
flat of 5 rooms and bath; bay windows; fine
view of city and bay; last party stayed 9
years. 351 First St.; references.
4 SUNNY rooms and bath; in good repair.
1718 Leavenworth; rent $12.
$13— 4-ROOM upper flat: sunny Eido. Army St.,
bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
$15— UPPER flat; 5 sunny rooms and bath. 205
Francisco st.
tockton; 6 r $26 720 Montg'y ay. ; 5 r..514
Turk; 6 r 17 19 Erkson crt; 6 r.. 11
1328 Hayes; 6 r IS fi.iO Jessie; 3 r 10
16'jti Page; 3 r 151250 Tehama; 4 r 8
A. M. SPECK A '''1.. B£J Market st. 9
4073 TWENTY-THIRD et., near Castro; upper
sunny 5 rooms; $15.
897 Noe st., comer Nineteenth: upper 5 rooms:
$17.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN. 6f>2. cor. Fell— P.ay-wlndow par-
lor; mantel; kitchen; blue flame or gas: $12.
'BUSH, 2404— Punny front alcove suite, with
kit. hen, bath; furnished for housekeeping;
rent $15.
CASTRO, 429, rear, near 17th— 2 sunny hkpg.
rooms: large yard; stable if desired; cheap.
EDDY, 743—3 or 4 nicely furnished rooms; low-
er flat; also single furnished room.
ELLIS, 2094— Furnished front room; light
housekeeping If desired; $7 month.
FELL. 26—2 or 3 nice sunny front rooms; fur-
nished; running water; reasonable.
FOURTH, 22E Nice front suite suitable for
light housekeeping; also single.
FIFTH, 353— Clean furnished housekeeping; 8
rooms $12 and two $12; single, $5 up.
FIFTH. 309 — New house; well furnished suite
with kitchen; suitable for 2 or more.
FOLSOM, 870— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; sunny rooms; also single rooms cheap.
FOLSOM, ISOS, cor. Fourteenth— Unfurnished
2 connecting rooms and kitchen. Call 9 to 1.
FRANKLIN, 203—2 parlors furnished; separate
kitchen; corner: Funny.
GL'KRRERO, 129 — Housekeeping rooms to rent;
nicely furnished.
HAVES, lOSMs— Suite of parlors, dining room
and kitchen, suitable for housekeeping; par-
lors suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
HAWTHORNE, 172. near Harrison— Desirable
housckpg rooms for 2; use of parlors; reas.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Finely furnished
ro. .ms: also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD, 953V4— Front bay-window room,
$2 50; also lovely sunny room, $1 75; bath.
HYDE, 609— Nicely furnished sunny housekeep-
ing suiteß of 2 or 3 rooms; $9 to $16.
JESSIE, 439, bet. Fifth and Sixth— 2 large
connecting rooms complete; housekeeping;
regular kitchen; $10.
MINNA, 364—2 or 3 neatly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single.
MINNA, 640— Furnished rooms, complete for
hi 'isekeeplng: large yard.
MINNA, 725, bet. Eighth and Ninth— Two nice
unfurnished moms; bay-window; front
garden; big yard.
MINNA, 743—5 rooms; rent $11; near Ninth.
MISSION, 945— A front room with folding bed
in nl kit^hf-n; complete for housekeeping.
MONTGOMERY, 1402, corner Filbert -3 sunny
housekeeping rooms, $9 per month.
OAK, 111 — 2- or 3 nice sunny housekeeping
rooms; complete; rent reasonable.
OCTAVIA, 413%— Nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; 2 rooms or more; rent
cheap.
I 'l 1 WELL, 418— 2 housekeeping rooms, furnished
or unfurnished.
SHIPLEY, 261—4 housekeeping rooms, $6; no
children, no animals; house new.
SIXTH. 420— Front housekeeping rooms; also
parlor suite.
SUITE of 2 large nice sunny front rooms,
complete for housekeeping; kitchen and bed-
room; furniture all new; $2 per week, $8 per
month. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mission St.,
bet. First and Second sts.
TWELFTH. 145, corner Howard— Sunny fur-
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping.
VAN NESS, MS— Sunny rooms, furnished for
light housekeeping; gas range.
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Sunny front parlor
suite, 3 or 4 rooms; kitchen; gas range.
ROOMS TO LET.
ALASKA place, 5, off Mason, below Bay — Neat,
comfortable furnished room, suitable for lady
or gentleman, $4.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable,
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 60 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suitc-s. single; also unfurnished.
BUS.H, 534. The La Mar— Newly fur:
sunny rßoms en suite or single; reasonable.
BUSH. 726— Sunny front room for gentleman;
$7 per month; reference.
EDDY, 120A — Pleasant sunny front rooms: also
single and housekeeping rooms; rent reasnbl.
EDDY, 430— Sunny front room; rent $S.
EDDY. 614— Single sunny front room; gas,
bath, closets: private family; $8.
ELLIS, 204. corner Mason (Clifford)— A sunny
corner suite and other sunny rooms; prices
reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET- Continued.
ELLIS, 418— The "Grand Carnot— Nice front
rooms; suite and single; $1 50 to $6 week.
ELLIS. 742^-Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
suitable for 2: gas and bath: housekeeping.
FULTON, 213, near Van Ness— l or 2 unfur-
nished front parlors; also 1 back room: ref.
GEARY. 14A— Single room, running water. Jl 25
per week.
GEARY, 736 (old number 710). near Leaven-
worth— 2 single rooms, $4 and $75; with bath.
GEARY, I!»4s— Several furnished sunny rooms;
modern; opposite park; from $5 up.
GRAND BOUTHHSRN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARP, S29— Rooms from $1 week up; tran-
sient. 23c to $1 night.
KEARNY. 305, corner Bush— Remodeled; new
furniture; several choice sunny front rooms.
LEAVENWORTH, 517— Single furnished rooms;
gentlemen only: $5 per month.
MINNA, fi67. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MlSsioN7~92sV4^near Fifth— Large double and
single sunny front rooms; also housekeepings
NINTH 20, near Market— Front suite suitable
for 2 gents: gas, water and gratis rent $12.
OAK, near Buchanan— Large front room; home
privileges; no other roomers; $6. Address box
20, Call office.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
PINE. 514 A —New management: furnished
rooms; double and single; also housekeeping;
rent reasonable.
ROYAL House, 12fi Ellis St.— lncandescent
lipht: reading mom. smoking room and
ladies' parlor; room per night, ""c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8: month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SEVENTH, I!<2 rClrard House)— Sunny rooms;
also 1 large unfurnished room; reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market- Furnished and unfurnished.
ki.xth, 136— One large front room suitable for
buainew; also rther rooms.
STEVENSON, 409, and Mint av«\. 22, near
Fifth— Sunny furnished rooms: grate; $1 up.
STEVENSON, 790— Furnished room for 2 gen-
tlemen; $6 per month; sunny.
TEHAMA, 308, near Fourth— Nicely furnished
sunny front room.
TURK, 303%— Parlor floor; 3 unfurnished rooms, |
$17; furnished $20; bath.
VALENCIA, 117—2 nicely furnished rooms.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
GEARY. 822— Front suite, suitable for doctor
or dentist; single rooms; board optional.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable; table board.
POST, 608. near Maeon— Pleasant sunny rooms,
with excellent board; meals at all houra.
I'OWKLL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front suite; bath; excellent board.
II PARK. 159— Furnished P unny rooms:
very reasonahlp; private family: board opt'l.
RESTAURANTS.
PERINI'S. 16 Mason St.— French dinner, 50c;
lunch, 25c or a la carte; prl. rms. for ladles.
CAMPI'S Restaurant: nny 2 15c dishes, with
email coffee, 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
cream pirlnr. K'3n Market.: popular tirlr»i.
CHILUHU . BOARDED.
YOUNG couple would like child to board; rea-
sonable; brst of rare. 929% Shutwell St..
near Twf-nty-fr.urth.
GOOD home for children, $S per month. 210
Ivf-xington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
STORKS TO LET.
STORE and 2 living rooms: cellar; ga.= fixtures;
largo show window. Apply 4174 Third st.
EXPERT OPTIC] LNS,
THE wrong glasses will ruin the strongest
eyes; any sensation of pain is warning;
Mayerle'a glasses relieve headache, painful
smarting. itching, discharging, burning.
twitching, fccratohine;, inflamed eyes and
failing sight; Danger Signals and Mayerle's
Self-fitting S'Htfm mailed free; write to-day.
GEO. MAYERLE, Gorman Expert Optician,
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians TTl'-.. Market Ft.. San Francisco.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (irom what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$o; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, frte, before going else-
where. MRS. Pit. WYKTH, M_' Post st., bet.
Hyde and Larkln; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday; 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home: consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction, guaranteed,
without Injury to health, or money refunded,
by MRS. PR. GWYER 610 Eddy St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4
and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
ALL ladies— C only Pr. and Mrs. M. Pavies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home.
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. PAVIES, 122S Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5: by the well-known specialists
nnd ladies' physicians for 37 years; .see us.
. PR. POPPER and PRS., 313 Kearny st.
X PR. G. W. O'PONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Pr. O'Ponnell has
tr. r :'' 1 successfully more cases of irregularl-
tji s 'ther physician; never fails to
curi Mm first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023% Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
lat'-st methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see PRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
?4 hours guaranteed: any time; maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills, $1: cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
case 3 of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $o; travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and confidential.
MRS, PR. KOHL, 1122 .Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5, 7 to 8 p. m.
DR and MRS. WEGE.NER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician In attendance; con-
sultation free^ Infants adopted into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs; over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours 6:SO to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and
7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
Bt. ; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 631 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; J2 50;
expressed C O. P. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOP BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
PR. and Mrs. Wise, HIS Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money bark; $5 up.
PRIVATE home In confinement: best refs.;
1540% Howard'; Mrs. M. Wiedemann. midwife.
MRS. PR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
best of care. 852 Castro, cor. 7th. Oakland.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eaßes of the human body. 115 Mason st.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons., buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Plxth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN fc DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. S2S Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Fnlsoni st.
TO LEASE.
TO lease — For wholesale and retail wine and
liquor business, store with large light base-
ment on very prominent downtown corner.
Apply to WILLIAM HENDRICKSON & CO.,
614 Call building.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
COZY; new; 4 rooms: bay-window house;
10 foot brick basement; stable. 1439 Shotwell.
$3000 CASH, reduced from $4500— 50-foot lot;
northwest corner of Twenty-third and Dolores
Pts.: 2-story building, store and flat; a big
buy; will sell at above figure if sold within
ten days. GEORGE B. M. GRAY, owner,
454 Ninth St., Oakland. . . ,
$1000 WILL buy lot 50x120 on Point Lobos aye.,
between- 23d and 24th sts.; also 2 lots 25x100
each on 31st aye., between I and H ats. W.
P. RYAN. 960 Seventh St.. Oakland.
NEARLY new 2-story modern house;
perfect order; terms. GEO. W. CHAPIN, 11
Montgomery st. . .
OFFER wanted— Mission property; modern flat,
and 3 stores; brick foundation, etc.; rents
$60 per month: no agents. Box 785. Call.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
NEW rich land near city: small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to- 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
WANTED— SmaII ranch, from 20 to 30 acres;
vineyard preferred; state price and full par-
ticulars: >no agents need apply. . Box 793,
Call office.
MILL Valley— For sale, house, furnished or un-
furnished. Apply 526 Turk st. ,
$5 TO $30 an acre; list' free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwcod. Shasta County, Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
$5000— HIGHLY improved 9-room dwelling in
best resident part of Ukiah City; large lot:
good barn; beautiful lawn; flowers, shade and
ornamental trees; to exchange for improved
ranch in San Joaquin or Sacramento Val-
leys. Address W. M. PEERY. Ukiah, Cal.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whol*: If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as yon de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 1.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. : telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates and strictly
confidential. BONELLI, Conservatory build-
ing, 130 Powell ct.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates: circu-
lar mailed to any address. R. GOULD, 131
Montgomery St., 8. F.
BORROW money on indorsed paper or your
salary:' small loans a specialty: any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO., cor. 8d and Jessie.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private, LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 638 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg.:
any rronositloTi. T)r<'<l« > n. <13 Montgomery at.
MONEY WANTED.
PARTY wishes to borrow $100 and will give
security. Call evenings. 404 Polk st.
FINANCIAL.
$30 PER share— shares Realty Syndicate: cap-
Hal stock, par value, $100 each. 840 Seven-
teenth st, Oakland.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, Id mortg. . chat-
tels, etc. Harper «■ Kreiirer. 312 Kmnmlner hi*.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A— s6ooo: BRAND new, elegant 9-room home:
billiard hall, plate glass windows, porcelain
bath, gas, etc.; lot 40x130; barn; cement drive-
way; built by day's work; finished in fir pine;
2 large fireplaces: dining room beamed; doublo
floors; elegant carpets to go with house; walk-
ing distance of narrow gauge railroad : select
neighborhood, etc. Address box 1206, Call
office, Oakland.
$1850— MODERN cottage of 5 large rooms; lot
50x125 feet; centrally located on Myrtle st. ;
street work all done: easy terms of payment.
HUGH M. CAMERON, 1058 Broadway.
FOR Sale— Three modern houses, 8 rooms, Just
finished; cor. Grove and Albion sts.: cash or
installments, or take lot as first payment.
WM. MANN, 3d & Washington sts., Oakland.
$250 CASH will buy cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; lot 25x125; balance $1000 on easy pay-
ments; situate on Adeline and 18th sts. W.
P. RYAN, 960 Seventh st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage raid.
OAKL^ND^PTR^iTrtTRE^POR^ SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$6000— HANDSOME house' and lot. 67x140: 9
rooms. NE. corner Santa Clara and Paru.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid^ for $1 per year.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HOUSE 2 flats, containing 11 rooms; 4 minutes
to depot and university; rent $23; price $2500;
house 7 rooms, hath: lot E0x135: good location;
street work done; $1500. FREE9E & COD-
DINGTON, East Berkeley station.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
iIIERIFF'S SALE— JAMES X). BYRNES^
plaintiff, vs. A. DAVIDSON, defendant.
Sale. Superior Court, Department No. 7.
No. 67324. Execution.
Under and by virtue of an execution. Issued
out of the Superior Court, Department No.
7, of the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, on the 4th day of March,
A D. 1899, In the above entitled action, where-
in JAMES D. BYRNES, the above named
plaintiff, obtained a Judgment against A.
DAVIDSON, defendant, on the 13th day of
February, A. D. 1899, which said judgment
was recorded In the clerk's office of said
court, I am commanded to sell all the right,
title and interest of the above named de-
fendant, ALONZO DAVIDSON, in and to all
that certain lot, piece or parcel of land, sult-
uate, lying and being In the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, and
bounded and described as follows:
Commencing on the southerly line of Na-
toma street, one hundred ninety-six and 3-12
' feet (196 3-12) west from its Intersection with
the westerly line of Fifth street, and one
hundred and sixty feet (160) north from
. Howard street; thence west on the said
• southerly line of Natoma street and parallel
with Howard .street twenty-one and 3-12 feet
(21 8-12) feet; thence southerly and parallel
with Fifth street eighty (SO) feet: thence
easterly and parallel with Howard street
twenty-one and 3-12 feet (21 3-12); thence
northerly and parallel with Fifth street
eighty (80) feet to . Natoma street and the
point of commencement.
Being a portion of subdivisions 19 and 20
of 100-vara lot number 196, according to the
official map and survey of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Public notice Is hereby given that on
TUESDAY, the 4th day of April, A. D. 1899,
at 12 o'clock, noon, of that day. In front of
the New City Hall, Larkin street wing, In
the City and County of San Francisco. I will.
In obedience to said execution, sell all of the
right, title and Interest of the above named
defendant, ALONZO DAVIDSON. In and to
the above described property, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to raise suf-
ficient money to satisfy said Judgment, with
Interest and costs, etc., to the highest and
best bidder for lawful money of the United
States. HENRY S. MARTIN,
Sheriff.
San Francisco, March 13th, 1899.
1 JOHN W. BOURDETTE. Call Building,
San Francisco, Attorney for Plaintiff.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning v> orks— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. ;.tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning. Sc per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works,- 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business .practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
MERRILL-MILLER college; shorthand, typing;
individual Instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping: -rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day. eve. Rms. 572-6 Parrott bldg.
AYRES" Business College. 723 Market st.;
shorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low, rates per week and mo. '
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day.
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi.; day & eve.:
est 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc! Prof. De Fillppe'a .
Academy of Languages, 320 Post ablest profs.
MARGARET JACKSON, professor piano, bar-
mony, voice culture. Studio 623 Turk st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
married"
ANDERSON— HOMANN— In this city, March
30, 1899, by Rev. J. Fuendellng, Peter Ander-
son and Meta Maria Homann.
BERGTOLD— In this city, April L
1899. by Rev. J. Fuendeling, Fritz Bergtold
and Rebecca Muller.
CRONIN— In this city. April 1, 1899, by
Rev. John A. B. Wilson. William F. Cronin
of Oakland and Annie Oman of San Fran-
cisco.
DAVISON— JONES— In .Coulterville, March 6.
1899, M. C. Davison (Dixie) and Mrs. Delia
May Jones.
ROEFER— MATHEIS— In this- city, April 2.
1899, by Rev. J. Fuendellng, Henry A. Roefer
and Helene Matheis. . -.
DIED.
" Baclgalupi. Louisa Kelly, John H.
Bailey, Nathan J. Laventhal. Samuel
Bragg, Mary E. McCullough. Robert
Brown, Evelina E. O'Connell. Bridget
Clarke, George Osborn, Margaret
Cradock. William L. Pfeiffer. Louis
Farley, Mary Shaw, William
Fox, George* W. Straub, Dennis
Hagan. Mary Wesolo, Emily . .
Hunter, Elizabeth C.
BACTGALUPI— In this city. March 31. 1899,
Louisa, beloved wife of Filbert Baclgalupi,
and sister of Judge A. Spinetti and Michael-
L. and William Splnetti, a native of San
Francisco, aged 25 years 10 months and 27
days.
(C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1720 Stockton street. gj|r^|j|]
BAILEY— this city. April 2. 1899. Nathan J.,
relict of Mary Bailey, a native of Vermont,
aped sfi years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Co., 20 Fifth street,,
thence to St. Rose's Church for services. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery. •_{,
BRAGG— In this city. March 31, 1899, Mary
Klizabeth Bragg, beloved wife of Thomas
Bragg, daughter of James and the late Mar-
' garet O'Reiley, and Bister of John, Joseph,
Nellie and Emma O'Reiley and Mrs. G. T.
Silvey, a native of San Francisco, aged 34-
-years. (Portland, Or., and Seattle papers,
please copy.)
Interment private. Calvary Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city, April 2. 1899, Evelina
Edith, beloved and only child of Mrs. Corne-
lia A. Brown.
CLARKE— In this city, March 31. 1899, George,
beloved husband of Catherine Clarke, father
of Lucy Duggan, and stepfather of William,
White, a native of Brighton. Sussex, Eng-
land, aged 49 years.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 15 Vallejo street.
CRADOCK— In this city, April 1, 1899, William
Leo Cradock, a native of San Francisco,
aged IS years 10 months and 3 days.
|TJ"The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
, dence, 1413 Devisadero street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a requiem . high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment private. Holy
Cross Cemetery.
; FARLEY— In this city, April 2. 1899. Mary Far-
ley, dearly beloved wife of Patrick Farley,
and beloved sister of Mrs. George Porter and
■ Mrs. W. P. Cooks, a native of County Wex-
ford, Ireland, aged 48 years.
FOX— In Redwood City, April 1. 1899. George
W., beloved husband of Sarah T. Fox, a na-
: tive of Michigan, aged 61 years.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence,
under the auspices of F. and A. M. Inter-
ment Union Cemetery, Redwood City.
HAGAN— In this city, April 2, 1899, Mary, the
beloved daughter of John and the late Mar-
garet Hagan, and mother of William and
John McKenzie, and sister of William. Philip
and Daniel Hagan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years 1 month and 22 days.
HUNTER— In this city, April 2. 1899. Elizabeth
Catherine Hunter, dearly beloved wife of
Robert E. Hunter, and beloved mother of
Richard E., Edward C. John W., Richard C,
Albert P.. Julian J. and Ida M. Hunter, and'
sister of Frank and Carry Huntt, a native of
West Virginia, aged 45 years.
KELLY— In this city. April 1. 1899, John H..
husband of Annie Kelly, and father of George
W., Harry .T. Kelly and Mrs. Annie d! Vec-
chio, and brother of M. H. Kelly and the late
Rev. Father Kelly, S. J.. a native of Tip-
perary, Ireland, aged 63 years.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
LAVENTHAL— In this city, March 31. 1899.
Samuel, beloved husband of Rosalie Laven-
thal, and brother of Edward Laventhal, Flora
Alexander and Lena Levy of Seattle, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 59 years.
C~yFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at his
late residence, 1"27 Octavia street. .Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets. •
CONGREGATION OHABAI LOME— No-
tice.— Members and officers of Congregation
Ohabai Shalome are hereby Invited to attend
the funeral this day (Monday), at 10 o'clock,
of our late brother, Samuel Laventhal,
from his residence, 1527 Octavia street. By
order of JOS. SCHMIDT. Pres.
M. L. STERN, Sec.
McCULLOUGH— In San Mateo County, -April
-. IS'j9, Rcbert, dearly beloved husband of
Mamie McCullough, and father of Harold Mc-
Cullough, and beloved son of Patrick and the
■"ate Agnes McCullough. hrotner of &latn<4
McCullough and Mrs. Charles Erickeon and
Mrs. William McGrath, a native of San Fran-
cisco, a red 26 years and £ months.
O'CONNELL— In this city, March 31, 1899,
Bridget, beloved wife of Patrick O'Connell.
and mother of the late Mrs. J. L. Callahan,
Mrs. W. Boyd, John and Dan O'Connell, Mrs.
H. Nicollni and Alice O'Connell, a native of
the parish of Rossmore, County Tlpperary.
Ireland, aged 54 years 10 months and 20 days.
\GyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 816 Greenwich street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
OSBORN— In this city. April 1. 1599. Margaret,
relict of Henry Osborn, a native of Westport,
County Mayo, Ireland, aged 68 years.
(C7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher. Co., 20 Fifth street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a. solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
PFEIFFER— In this city, April 1. 1899, Louis,
dearly beloved husband of Christina Pfeiffer,
father of Mrs. F. Pfeiffer, Mrs. J. E. Gibson,
Mrs. L. Stuhr, Mrs. S. I. Simmons and Henry.
Emma and the late Charles Pfeiffer, a na-
tive of Bavaria, Germany, aged 76 years 3
months and 9 days. A member of Harmony
Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. F. ■
(rTFriend 1 * and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 511 Halght street, between Flilmore
and Stelner. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SHAW— In Stockton. March 31, 1899, William
Shaw, formerly known as Willie Sims, be-
loved son of Elizabeth Shaw, a native of Eng-
land, aged 48 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother, 1808 Taylor street, between Green
and Union. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
STRAUB— In Alameda, April 1. 1899. Dennis
Straub, a native of Wurtemberg. Germany,
aged 76 years 6 months and 22 days. - ■
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1617 Hibbard street, Grand street sta-
tion. Interment crlvate. Mountain View
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
WESOLO— In Oakland, April 2 1899, Emily,
beloved daughter of A. and . Beckey Wesolo,
a native of Oregon, aged 5 years and ' (
months. * — T -^m— ,— i
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
>i i — ■ — — — s— j
R mcAuoy ifc co., mm \
I FUNERAL. DIRECTORS & EMBaL,MEK» I
1235 Market st. between Bth and ttk. I
| Telephone. South 147. I
910
C. P. HUNTINGTON
ARRIVES IN TOWN
Says People Must Pay
Central Pacific Debt.
Declares He Will Oppose Any
Compromise With Railroad
Commissioners.
C. P. HUNTINGTON SAYS THE PEOPLE OF CALIFORNIA, AND
NOT THE CENTRAL PACIFIC, MUST PAY THE LATTER' S ENOR
MOUS DEBT TO THE GOVERNMENT. HE SAYS HIS FAILURE TO
INDUCE THE GOVERNMENT TO GRANT A LONG EXTENSION OF
TIME FOR THE PAYMENT OF THE DEBT WILL PREVENT ANY CON
TEMPLATED REDUCTION OF RATES. MR. HUNTINGTON DE
CLARES HE DOES NOT FAVOR A COMPROMISE WITH THE RAIL
ROAD COMMISSION IN THE PENDING SUIT FOR A REDUCTION IN
GRAIN RATES BY THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC AND THAT HE WILL
OPPOSE ANY SUCH COMPROMISE.
Collis P. Huntingdon, president of the
Southern- Pacific Railroad, arrived in
San Francisco last evening and is now
domiciled In the big wl.ite mansion on
Nob Hill, which he will occupy until
his departure, for the East, on or about
May 1. Mr. Huntingdon's special train,
consisting of three vestibuled cars, ar
rived at the Oakland mole at 6:45. The
magnate, accompanied by Mrs. Hunt
ington, H. E. Huntington and the other
members of the party, which included
ten or a dozen servants, immediately
boarded the ferry and reached this side
of the bay at 7:15. Vice President
Btubbs and Passenger Traffic Manager
McCormick joined th: party on the
Alameda shore, and General Manager
Julius Kruttschnitt, together with half
a' score of railroad officials and at
taches, were waiting to greet their
chief in the ferry depot at the foot of
Market street.
The railroad magnate looked strong
and hearty as he walked from the ferry
to the cable car, exchanging cordial
greetings with friends and acquaint
ances as he passed along, but he con
fessed to feeling somewhat tired. He
declined to ride to his California street
residence in a carriage, however, and
the entire party democratically rode up
the hill in a street car. like ordinary
mortals.
• Mr. Huntington's visit to San Fran
, cisco and the coast at this time is for
the purpose of attending the annual
election of the Southern Pacific and to
Straighten out a few kinks in th work
ings of the big system, political or oth
erwise, of which he is the head. . Mr.
Huntington was averse to being inter
viewed, but in response to certain
questions propounded by a representa
tive of The Call he dictated the follow
ing:
You ask what will be the effect on
• California business of the reorgani
zation of the Central Pacific, to
which 1 would reply that I hope
and believe it will be beneficial.
As to rates and improvements
of road, we expect that the facili
ties will be somewhat improved,
which will naturally accelerate
• the movement of tonnage. But I
do not know whether the rates
can be cut down. •
I had strongly hoped that we
could make an arrangement with
the Government for a long exten
sion of the time of the repayment
of the money loaned to the com
pany, which, while it would give
back to the Government all its
money, dollar for dollar, "with a
fair rate of interest currently, and
thus not cause any loss whatever
to the people of the whole coun
try, would at the same time
spread these payments over three
generations, and thus make it
easier for the present one. '•
For it is from the patrons or the
road, largely Californlans, tnat
i the money must in reality come,
as the road has no other means of
earning it. But a small, though
turbulent, portion of the people of
California, at least so far as they
may have been represented by the
city press, seemed to desire that
the whole of the debt shall be
paid by this generation.
Which will, of course, prevent a
decrease of the rales to what they
would have been if the extension
asked for had been allowed. And
I feel confident that there would
have been no difficulty in secur
ing this extension had it not been
for the opposition coming from
the element in California to which
I have referred.
As to what wo propose to effect
by the purchase or consolidation
with the Southern Company
of lines in California that are at
present leased to the parent organ
ization, I have to say that
it is a matter v■> have not
yet fully decided upon, and
cannot until we have fully dis
cussed the matter in all its bear
ings. Consolidations or joint own
erships lessen very much the ex
pense of transportation, so that
the things that we do will be those
■which we believe will allow us to
do the business at the least possi
ble charge consistent with an effi
cient service, as that will benefit
not only the people, hut the rail
road company.
You ask what is the significance
• of Mrs. Stanford's sale of Central
Pacific stock, to which 'I would re
ply that it will make no difference.
Early in the 'Ma the other three in-'
terests sold a large portion of their
stock, at a time of great stringency
in the money market, .in order to
raise money, and it made no par
ticular difference in the manage-
ment of the road. And 1 do not
BUppose Mrs. Stanford's selling or
keeping: her stork will make any
particular difference.
As to beginning work between
Han Fram Isco and San Mateo. on
the hay shore line, I cannot answer
at the moment, as it is one of those
thing's which art- to be discuss* '1
by the directors of the company in
San Francisco, and no doubt what
they decide upon or d<> will be for
the best Interests of the company,
with, of course, due regard to the
convenience of the public.
Concerning the coast line, I
would say in reply, that we expect
to have it done in about twelve
months, though it is difficult to
give the exact time at the moment,
as we shall build a first-class road,
and it takes time to do good work.
You ask if I favor compromise
of suit with Railroad Commis
sion. That is a matter largely
with our legal department,
though, as for myself. I shall op
pose any compromise which gives
the right to any tribunal to re
duce the rates of fares and
freights so long as they are
not above what will give a fair
return for the money invested in
creating these properties.
Certainly, the right to regulate
fares and freights without regard
to the cost of the property or the
income from it would carry also
the right to confiscate the property
itself, a thing I am satisfied will
never be upheld by the judicial
arm of the Government. At the
same time, let me say that the
Railroad Commission might do
much good as regulators, as you
may say. between the agrarian
or communistic element of our peo
ple and the conservative Interests
of the better classes.
Mr. Huntington declined to discuss
the signiti • < the law enacted by
the Legislature authorizing the ex
change of privileges by the Santa Fe
and Southern Pacific, and he could not
say what arrangements had been,
would be or would not be entered into
DR. STEBBINS WELCOMED
BY AN IMMENSE THRONG
Tfoe Jlged and Popular Divine Delivers an Eloquent
Sermon to .His Congregation.
rpHK First Unitarian Church teemed too smnll to accommodate the
I immense throng which 'gathered within its confines yesterday morning to
|^ welcome the return of Its pastor, the Rev. Horatio Stebblns, D.D who
has just recovered from a serious illness. The aged minister was de-ply
gratified to see the largo numhnr of strange faces among his congregation
The latter came from all quarters of the city, and by their presence testified
their pleasure at Keelng the popular pastor again in the pulpit he has so long
and ably flllfd. '
Dr. Stebbln.H 1 themo was "Immortality." a fitting Easter subject. He <k~
vered his sermon with old-time i^or and his eloquence was decidedly forc
m t, of the services many n f the flock congratulated
him on his recovery and attested the delight it gave them to see him once
more among them.
The introductory exercises were conducted by the minister pro te.mpore
Rev. Stopford W. Brooke. The musical programme was another feature the
voices of Mrs Charles O. Richards. Mrs. J. E . Birmingham, Arthur Boyee
and Robert LJoyd being heard to advantage in the sacred selections The
choir was ably assisted by Arthur Weiss, cello, and H. Bretherick, organist.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 3, 1899.
between the two companies. He also
refused to talk about the report that
Governor Bradley of Kentucky was to
take charge of the law business of the
Southern Pacific on this coast, further
than to say that he knew nothing
about it.
EMERYVILLE RACETRACK.
Ed Corrigan and His Followers Will
Hold Possession for the Coining
Two Weeks.
At Emeryville track this .afternoon, com
mencing promptly at 2:15 o'clock, the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club will present the powerful
racing drama In six acts, "Driven From
Home." It will have a run of two weeks.
The cast for to-day is as follows:
First race— One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; Felling.
873 Bueno 108 1 882 Truxillo 106
SSI Key Hooker 96 1 54S Myth 103
501 Hohenzollern ...115 898 The Fretter 92
837 Opponent 1"4 913 Guilder 106
i SSS Jennie Reid ST
! Second race — One and an eighth miles; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
fS9 Wily McCloskey.llo ! 837 Montallade 107
SSS Pare II 110 907 Merry Boy 107
834 Frank Jaubert...lo7 1(872) Adam Andrew. ..11')
502 Colonial Dame.. I'll 889 Stan Powers 103
876 Dick 8ehan......110 907 Byron Cross 103
907 Una C010rad0.. ..107 776 Peter II 110
(Sl6)Ping 106 761 BridlinKton 106
872 Durward ..107 (SOl)McFarlane 107
693 Cabrlllo 110 907 Prince Blazes.... 103
' Third race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds.
891 Florentia 105 886 Mountebank ....113
891 Rachel C 105 910 Illllouette 105
'(903)Basseda .....110 ... Surlgao 105
■ Fourth race — Six ■ furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling.
Sol Malay ..'...„. .'..101 1 695 Atlyar 104
(881)Horton 106 | $69 Montanus 104
894 Headwater 105 1 888 Jinks 99
Fifth race— One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; selling:.
900 Mlstleton 101 SSB Pat Morrissey...llO
.307 Torslda 1114 894 Midlight 103
836 Ad'ph Sprec'kels.lll
Sixth race — One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward. •
901 Frohman 102 SSS Judge Wofford.. 75
SSI Los Medanos....loJ 574 Humidity 99
S2B Bonnie lone 98 889 None Such 80
9U Morinel ... 90 810 Meadow Lark.. .loo
907 P. A. Flnnegan.ll3 902 Henry C 91
Sfto Jingle Jingle.... S9 876 Einstein HM
879 Alhaja 87 883 Gold Fin 98
572 Card well 115
Probable Winners.
First race— Opponent, Jennie Reid, Myth.
Second race— Cabrillo, Una Colorado, Frank
Jawbert.
Third race— Basseda, Rachel C, Mountebank.
- Fourth Ailyar, HortonPjinks.
Fifth Adolph Spreckels, Pat Morrissey.
Tors id a.
Sixth race--Humldlty. Los Medanos, Einstein.
NOTED NOVELIST HERE.
Author of "Thou Shalt Not" Writing
Another Book.
L. B. Porter, whose norn de plume is
"Albert Ross," arrived at the Palace on
the overland last evening. The novel
which made Mr. Porter famous is "Thou
Shalt Not," of which over 2'V>.ooo copies
have in • n sold. There has been the enor- i
mous total >>i" 1,600,000 copies of all his ;
novels sold.
"Thou Shalt Not," said Mr. Porter
in an interview, "was my first attempt at
novel writing and I have since continued
to write at the rate of two books a yeav
(luring the past thirteen years. lam now !
engaged on a new novel to he named "The j
Naked Truth,' which will tell of the strug- i
gle undergone by a girl in making her
way through the world. She first sees
the light of day in Colorado and tells her
story to a friend at the Hotel del Coron
ttdo. There will be a brief description of
Ban Francisco in the tale, which will hay*
a slight California flavor. I have gath
ered plenty of material for a story of
California life and I hope to utilize It in
ry near future.
"] am a great admirer of Edward Bel- !
lamy and his 'looking Backward." He :
it was who Induced me to study the great
question of capital and labor, which re
in my writing a book called 'Speak
ing of Ellen.' which treats of th>' so :ial
and industrial conditions that prevail in
this country.
"I am about to mak" a tour of the world
and will be gone for about one y.-ar and
a half. I propose to gather data upon
which to found a novel touching on
Oriental life."
ROBBED A SAILOR.
Serious Charge Against J. S. Kenney,
a Boy in His Teens.
Thomas Smith, a sailor on the training
ship Pensacola, was rolling along Market
street, between Fourth and Fifth', early
: lay morning, when he met J. S.
Kenney, a boy 19 years of agf. and a
inion. They accosted Smith, and he
alleges that Kenney put his hand in his
pocket and Btole a & gold piece. Smith
accused him of taking 1 the money, and
was knocked down.
Smith yelled for the police, and Officers
T. F. Burke and C. E. Fennell responded.
After a hot chase they captured Kenney,
but his companion escaped. Kenney was
taken to the City Prison, wh'rc a charge
of robbery was booked against him.
AFTER GOLD IN
DINES SOUTH
OF THE PARK
Two Well - Known Commission
Men Said to Have Made a
Big Discovery.
John F. English and P. F. Zammitt Refuse
to Go Into Particulars Concerning
Mining Operations in Sun
set District.
RUMORB have be<>n persistently cir
culated for several days past that a
new Klondike was about to he open
ed up in the Sunset district. John
F. English, a well-known commission
merchant at Clay and Davis streets, was
said to he the lucky owner of the land
upon which the polden stream had been
tapped, and \'. V. Zammitt, an equally
well-known poultry dealer, wa.s said to
have made the discovery.
Zammitt has been working In the sand
dunes in the block bounded by Thirtieth
and Thirty-first avenues and X and L
streets for some time past, sinking;, Kng
lish pays, a well for the purpose Of sup
plying: with water a chicken ranch which
the two men propose to start there. In
making the well Zammitt has uncovered
dirt that led him to believe that lie was
boring into a bonanza, and in that belief
he has paid a number of visits to the Sel
by Smelting Works with samples of his
rind. The assay value of these samples
has not been high, 65 cents a ton being,
bo tar. the most that has been taken out
of any one lot of the material found in
the well hole, but whether or not Eng
lish and Zammitt have a bonanza it is
to be gathered from their actions and
speech that they desire secrecy for a few
days at least for what they do believe.
Th.c rock containing the gold found by
the assayers Is sni<l to be a quartz con
taining BUlphurets of iron, platinum and
mica with gold. This gold, although Mr.
English denies it and Mr. Zammitt does
not feel that he can give out any informa
tion about it. is said to run from $4 tn
$12 to the ton Of rock. It is reported to
have been discovered In a ledge only
three feet below the surface, with a
breadth of four feet.
The unwillingness of Mr. English and
Mr. Zammltt to talk about the retorted
find is said not to arise from any coyness
at their pood fortune, bui for the reason
that they desire to pet options on sur
rounding land at the prevailing rates for
sand dune, in the hope thai the adjoin
ing territory may add to the fortune that
A FATHER DEAD IN
A HOUSE OF POVERTY
FOUR STARVING BABES AROUND
HIS BIER.
W. C. Smith Died Saturday, but Has
Not Yet Been Buried for Lack
of Funds.
A father lying dead on an improvised
bier in a house of poverty; four hungry
and ragged children clinging to a heart
broken mother, and an empty, dusty cup
board, form a pitiful scene of destitution
at 1424 Broadway. The case has lately
been given attention by Mrs. Harring
ton of the Children's Hospital, and she
', provided medical attendance for the un
; fortunate man In the last hours of his
life, hut now, according to the statement
of the mother, the charitable societies
! have ceased to act, and the wn
j family finds itself confronted with the
i problem of burying its dead without
i funds.
William H. Smith died early Saturday
morning;. In life he was a painter, and
made a scant existence by taking odd
jobs. Two weeks ago he was stricken
with pneumonia, and. with his illness, the
family income stopped. The children
were on the verge or starvation and the
man Flowly dying for want of attend
ance. Mrs. Harrington heard of the case
and with the assistance of charitable
neighbors made his last hours as com
fortable as possible. After her husband
died Mrs. Smith appealed to charitable
institutions and societies to bury the
body, as she was absolutely without a
cent of money. None of them responded.
An undertaker visited the place yester
day, but when he realized the situation
he refused to take the case. Yesterday
afternoon Officer Lyons, whose beat is
in the vicinity, notified the health offi
cials and the Central Police station of
the matter, and the remains, which are
already in an advanced state of decom
position, will be consigned to the potter's
field to-day unless some one tenders the
widow funeral expenses.
The hungry, helpless children are aged
respectively 8, 7. 5 and 2 years. At pres
ent they are partly fed by neighbors, but
when this charity ceases they will be ut
terly destitute, as the mother- is unable
to work. Yesterday the landlord called
to collect rent due. When he saw me
corpse he consented to extend the time
of eviction. It la a case which deserves
prompt attention, and the little father
less waifs should be cared for in some
public Institution.
Is Invaluable to nurulnK mothers, feeble chil
dren, the Hired and infirm. Its merit is as
sured.' being prepared by the Anheuser-Busch
Brewing Am'B.
CONGRESSMAN FLETCHER HERE
Has Bepresented the District of Mm
neapolis for Four Terms.
Congressman L, Fletcher >>f Minne
apolis is registered at the Palace with
his sister-in-law and daughter. Mr.
Fletcher has been a member of Congress
for three terms and was again re-elected
at the last election for the fourth time.
He is a member of the Committee on In
terstate and Foreign Commerce and also
of the Committee on Territories. When
asked to give his views on questions of
national Interest Mr. Fletcher readily ac
quiesced In the following strain:
"I regard expansion as an inheritance
forced upon »is by a series of unfortu
nate circumstance, and we now cannot
very well dispose of it. We were getting
along fairly well without any additional
territory, but the Spanish war has given
us some which we must take care of.
However, the American people have
coped with grave questions before this
and 1 presume they will be equal to the
present emergency. Congress will ueaJ
with the problem and be governed by the
conditions aa they arise from time to
time. As far as Cuba, Porto Rico and
Hawaii are concerned th^re appear- to
be a well defined policy to allow the poo
pie to maintain a government of their
own. With the Philippines it is a differ
ent proposition. Nobody knows the capa
bilities or qualifications of those people
to govern themselves, and it looks as if
this nation v.ill have to undertake their
control and experience considerable
trouble in doing so.
!li *u as much struck in my travels
with the splendid conditions prevailing
throughout the entire United States. It
would appear that the long promised
prosperity has finally arrived and an era
of good feeling Is seen everywhere. I
noticed, too, that the free silver craze
has died of inanition and will be heard
they are paid to have in sight. Who
owns the land upon which the new El
Dorado is said to be located seems to be
a mystery. Neither Mr. Zammitt nor Mr.
English could recall last night the name
of the lucky mail. Zammitt says Eng
lish has an option on it, and English said
he had an option, but that it has expired
and he wants to get another one and put
in that chicken ranch. He was very
much afraid that a premature publication
of the rumors of a golden treasure in
the sands would so enhance the value of
real estate that there would not be the
ghost of a show for a chicken rancher
within a mile of the place.
Whether or not Messrs. English and
Zammitt have— or think they have— a
K"<»i tiling in "the sands, the fact remains
that there have hf-en people who have
maintained for years that gold in pay
ing quantities existed out near the ocean
beach. Zammitt is an old prospector, and
thoroughly familiar with the indications
for gold in the ground, and it is hardly
likely that he would have spent his
money and consumed his time in run
ning back ami forth from the assay office
if he did not believe that there wpre
prospects for more in the dirt he had
turned up than could be. found in any
chicken ranch.
This Is not the first attempt that has
been m;i'lo on this peninsula to tap a
Pactolean Btream. As long as forty years
ago a Frenchman named Perche invested
$10,000 on the San Miguel Rnncho in min
ing' operations. It is said that sold in pay
ing quantities was taken fmm his works,
but. owing to bad management, the en
terprise became a failure. Tn 1863 Ed
wan] ESw'ald, at the head of a company of
men. fins a shaft ninety-five feet deep in
the Sunset district, at a cost of $6000 The
rock uncovered $8 and $0 a ton but as
it took ore of the value of $30 a ton in
those days to return a profit after mill
ing 1 , the plan was abandoned.
Tn a Btralght line from English's op
tion to the Maltese cross in Golden Gate
Park is a stream of water black from
iron deposits. The stream runs through
Muck Ffind. which is always associated in
a mining country with gold, rt is said by
old-timers that gold can be found at any
point on the stream to the amount of 75
cents to the pan.
of nn more. As to who will he the next
Republican candidate fn r President in
dications point strongly to the fart' that
only one name will be mentioned in that
connection and that is McKinley He has
Riven us an admirable administration
and has the. confidence of the peonle at
large."
TALKS ABOUT COPPER.
James A. Fleming Says Development
Is Slow in Arizona.
James A. Fleming, who owns a control
ling interest in the Black Warrior Copper
Mine of Globe. Ariz., is a guest at the
Palace. Mr. Fleming, in speaking of the
opening up of copper mines in Arizona
said:
"The development of copper minps in
I Arizona is going on gradually but surely.
i Within the last five years there have
been but two new properties that have
gone into mines. Our company has been
three and a half years opening up the
j Black Warrior, and we are about to put
| up a plant to treat the ore, which runs
; about l. r > per cent copper. We have InOO
: acres in claims. Tn about three months
we will be ready to handle 200 tons of ore
a day. which will average a yield of
twenjty or thirty tons.
"Very few copper mines are being dis
' covered at the present time. They were
! nearly all uncovered when prospectors
first went over the country. Michigan Is
i the only State In which the metal is
; found in its native form. In Wyoming,
Montana. Utah and Arizona so-called
i copper mines are really only iron mines
j carrying copper. One great difficulty with
i copper properties Is that at the water
level combinations of alkali dissolve the
metal and carry it off. In this way only
the surface is copper-bearing, and conse
: quently the metal is soon exhausted, al
though it may be found again at a greater
I depth.
"One of the reasons of the advance in
l the price of copper, which jumped from
11 to IS cents in the last year, is that the
production has not increased much during
the last eight years and the supply is not
equal to the demand. I am Inclined to
think, however, that the present price
: will remain stationary, or at least have
; very little fluctuation.
"Some time ago it was thought that
aluminum would take the place of cop
; per In wires for conducting electricity.
but the idea has been abandoned since the
Pennsylvania Railroad inaugurated a
i series of experiments to determine the
j value of aluminum for the purpose. It
was found that aluminum wins, after '
having been In use six or eight months.
did not possess the conductivity of copper
by one-third. This discovery caused the
price of copper to advance 3 cents a pound
in open market and proved conclusively
the superior adaptability of copper for
conducting purposes."
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
Alleged Watch Thief.
Cornelius Callaghan. a boy. was arrest- I
cci ;it his father's house on Fourteenth I
avenue early yesterday morning by De- j
tectives Fitzgerald and Graham and
booked on th? charge of burglary. About
six weeks ago it is alleged that Callaghan
and a boy named Smith broke into the
room of John Hendricks, a grocery clerk,
on Fair Oaks street, and stole his gold
watch. He has been In hiding since.
A Prominent Pythian.
John A. Hinsey, president of the hoard
of control of the Endowment Rank of the
Knights Of Pythias, arrived in this city
Saturday from Milwaukee, and will re
main hero a week. He la traveling for
hia health. During his st.iy here he will
visit several of the local lodges, and Past
Grand Chancellor George H. Morrison
will endeavor to arrange a joint meeting
of a number of the city lodges and have
Mr. Hinsey address them.
Golden Gate Lodge Officers.
The following named have been elected
officers of Golden Gate Lodge of Elks for
the ensuing term: John r*<-»iseM, E. R. • j
K. Angel, B. L. X.; Emil Kugeler, L X •
A. A. Cunningham. L. X.; John H ilar'
ney, R. 8.; 11. .1. Willis, F. S. ; S. Graf T
Henry Helwegen, trustee three years 1 j'
W. Thrasher, trustee one year. A ban'
quet will follow the installation of the
officers.
DINNER SET DAT.
Some sets out 60 per cent.
Some sets cut 50 per cent
$3 75. $4 85, J5 35. $6 25, J7 85 per set
ODDS AND ENDS. HALF PRICE
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW DRESS FABRICS.
This week we will open up and
place on sale some elegant new
lines in Novelty and Plain Dress
Goods.
THREE SPECIALS.
42-inch SILK AND WOOL IMPORTED NOVELTY CRE-
PONS, two-tone effects, large raised designs, in
Grays, Browns, New Blue, Hunters' Green and
Corn Flower Blue,
$2:2? Yard.
52-inch ALL-WOOL ENGLISH CHEVIOTS, in New
Blues, Grays, Browns and Purple,
$1:™ y ard>
FANCY SILK AND WOOL PLAIDS, in an elegant va-
riety, very latest colorings and exclusive styles,
$li°_2 Yard.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
One case (30 pieces) BLACK INDIA TWILL SERGE,
full 50 inches wide,
75c Yard.
Regular Price $1.25.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
HI, 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
SCORCHERS ARE
COMPELLED TO
OBEY THE LAW
No More Racing on
the Park Drives.
POLICE MOUNTED ON WHEELS
THE NEW ORDEB WILL BE BIG
IDLY ENFORCED.
Big Crowds Enjoy the Day at the
Chutes and .Sutro Baths — Sleep
ing Driver and a
Runaway.
Many hundred wheelmen trundled the
park roads yesterday, but there was no
scorching. Captain Thompson procoedpd
under the new order prohibiting whrollnsr
at a greater speed than ten miles an hour.
Two of the regular park police, uniformed
and mounted on wheels, patrolled the
bicycle, paths and drives, while other of
ficers on foot were stationed at various
I points. Many cyclers who exceeded the
speed permitted were overhauled and
warned not to repeat the offense and then
released. As it was the first day the new
j order was enforced, no arrests were made,
but on future dates offending wheelmen
must explain before the courts.
Captain Thompson says the officers on
wheels did good work, and altogether the
first attempt to regulate the speed of the
army of cyclers was a success.
The crowd at the park was very large.
No accidents occurred, but one O'Don
nell. a brother of "Boogie," was enioving
I a good sleep while the horse he "was
! driving went tearing through the park
:at a hair-raising gait. Captain Thompson
1;. .-.-nt'l the runaway animal, brought it
to a standstill and awoke the driver.
O Donnell was startled when he found
himselt in the hands of the police, and
1 made many promises to remain awake if
1 given his freedom. As the shock of his
: awakening had improved his condition, he
I was released and continued on his drive.
j It was a big day at the Chutes. Over
i 8000 people passed through the gates dur
ing the day and enjoyed the varipus at
. tractions. In the theater a splendid vau
| deville bill was on. Those who purchased
tickets for the first entertainment, which
I lasted nearly an hour, were given return
; checks, and without extra expense saw
: the second performance, which was put
ion with a complete change of bill. The
I comedy end of the entertainment was ex
| .ceedingly good, and the ever-fascinatinsr
i animated pictures were run off for half
an hour. At the conclusion of the show
Emil Markeberg made a balloon ascen
sion. Aftff reaching thf dizzy height of
. about half a mile he cut loose from the
balloon and descended with the parachute.
A big crowd also assembled at Sutro
baths to witness the aquatic contests,
• which wore both interesting and in some
instances exciting. The results of the
contests follow:
Fifty-yard dash, won by IT. Seehach, H. j
Daugherty second. T. Guerin carried off
first prize 1" the high diving contest for {
boys. C. Donevan second. J. A. Jackson I
won the obstacle racf through the small
tank and YV. Hurley took second money. :
The trapese high diving, open to all. was I
won by T. Guertn, with C. Donevan sec
ond. Trick and fancy springboard diving
was won by G. O'Brien. M. T. Guerin j
second; and the under water swimming
contest was won by J. A. Jackson, with I
IW. Hurley second.
GDLDBERr
BDWEN
S CD
Be particu ar
Give a thought 1o what you eat—
it's vital to your welfare
Come — invest gate — select each
article with care
The more careful you are the more
trade we have
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Hams eastern sugar cured 1 1 C
Whiskey— & b&co 3 bots $2
O X Bourbon gal *
regularly $i and $4 «*
fare — medicinal
. Coffee— or ground
Kona reg'ly 25c Ib ! 2 lbs tfC
Pasha Wend reg'ly 35c lb 2 lbs CTC
"Breakfast is the foretaste of the
whole day Spoil that, and we prob-
ably spoil all"
FigS— California— pulled ' ' Ire
■worth 25c Ib baskets ' ' '
Olives— Spanish 3 r; C
regularly 40c quart — big ones
Large green fruft— if you want to
learn to like olives begin with these
Toilet SOapS . 3 cakes 2OC
regularly American made
assorted odors
OvSterS— reg'ly i2*c tin 1 c c
Small tin of good oysters — for
two — enough for a scallop
Rock and Rye $i
regularly $1 25 bottle
German rock candy and pure rye
whiskey— a good medicine for colds
Canned fruits— 3 tins arc
For dessert— very dainty
apricots peaches plums
Listerine, our regular price 6c 1 C
You save more than carfare buying here
Nail brushes— reg'iy 30c «n 2 oc
A very substantial all-bristle brush
Talcum powder 3 tins 2cc
For babies— for ladies
for men after shaving
Stove mit ; C
Dauber fr;e. 3
Shine the stove without soiling th«
hands
Charting dish receipt book free for the
asking
April catalogue — send postal
43* Pine «5 Sutter 3800 California San Fraodie.
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland •
RADKE & CO.,
118 Sutten Street, j
ARE SHOWING : \
New Sash Belts - - - - $1 up"
Dainty Dress Sets - - - 50e Up ■
Handsome Table Pieces for We -
dings ..... $ 1#2 5 U p '
MAIL OBDERS A SPECIAL FEATURJ.