VOLUME LXXXV- NO. 117.
BEING ROUTED IN BATTLE, THE
FILIPINOS HAVE FIRED MALABON
©-©-©- ©-© — ©— o — o— © — ©— ©— ©— ©— ©— © — ©— ©— © — ©-o — •— •
-« Most Disastrous Battle «
• \A/itH the <>
© Retreating Insurgents. °
©-©—©—©—©—©—©—©—©—©-©—©—©—©—©—©—©—©—©—©—©—©
GENERfILS IN COMMAND DURING THE FORWARD MOVEMENT.
VICTORIOUS
ADVANCE OF
AMERICANS
Aguinaldo's Forces Fleeing
to Malolos for a Final
Stand.
MANILA, March 26, 7:30
p. m. — The United States
troops under Brigadier-
Generals Hall and Lloyd Wheat
on captured the town of Malinta,
beyond the Tuliahan River, to
day after a sharp fight. Colonel
Harry C. Egbert, of the Twenty-
Second Regular Infantry, was
killed. Prince Loewenstein, for
merly aid-de-camp on the staff
of Brigadier-General Miller at
Iloilo, somehow got in front of
the firing line and was shot in the
tide, dying almost instantly. A
German who accompanied him
was wounded.
The American casualties to
day were much lighter than those
of yesterday, the total losses thus
far reported since the engage
ment commenced being 45 killed
and I4t wounded.
General Wheaton entered Ma
linta, which is a small village of
hyts, at 1 o'clock this afternoon.
The United States gunboat Hel
ena and other gunboats have
been shelling Malabon, about a
mile northwest of Caloocan, for
several hours. . t
The San Francisco Call.
The insurgents made a fierce
resistance to the American ad
vance up the railroad at Malinta.
In addition to the fatal wounding
of Colonel Egbert, several men
of the Twenty-second Infantry
and several men of the Oregon
and Kansas regiments were
killed.
Evidently anticipating a bom
bardment by the fleet, a thousand
rebels vacated Malabon last
night, leaving a few to burn the
town. General Wheaton's bri
gade, composed of the Second
Oregon regiment and the Twen
ty-second and Twenty-third In
fantry, stretched out along the
railroad from Caloocan to the
I Tuliahan River, was powerless to
prevent the withdrawal, owing to
the natural obstacles and to the
strong opposition.
A column of smoke at day
■break was the first intimation of
the enemy's intentions, but oth
ers followed at various points, all
soon blending in a dense balloon
shaped cloud. The flames of the
burning rice mills and large
buildings could be plainly seen
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1899.
INSURGENTS DRIVEN
FROM ENTRENCHMENTS
General Otis' Report of the Advance of the
Flying Column Under Mac Arthur,
WASHINGTON. March 26.— The War Department
to-night received the following:
"MANILA, March 26. — Adjutant - General, Washing
ton: Mac Arthur's advance beyond New Canavan, two miles
beyond Polo, nine miles from Manila and fifteen miles from
Malolos. Railroad will be repaired to advance point to
morrow and troops supplied by cars. Mac Arthur will
press on to-morrow; is now in open country. Insur
gents stoutly resisting behind succeeding lines of intrench
ments from which the troops continually drive them. City
is perfectly quiet and the native inhabitants appear to be
relieved of anxiety and fear of the insurgents. Captain
Krayenbuhl, Commissary Lieutenant Third Artillery, is mor
tally wounded. OTIS."
from Caloocan despite the strong
sunlight.
By 11 o'clock in the morning
the only building of importance
not destroyed was a large stone
church in the center of the town,
but even at noon fresh fires were
started among the native huts in
the outskirts of Malabon, al
though the general exodus took
place much earlier. Many of the
rebels sought refuge in the sub
urbs Navotas and Casag or were
driven inland by the shells of the
Helena, Callao, Ningdapan and
Laguna de Bai.
In the meantime General
Wheaton's brigade held the rail
road to the river, but was unable
either to repair the bridge, which
had been destroyed by the ene
my, or to advance, owing to the
opposition and the hills on the
other side.
The calculations of both Gen
eral Hale and General Harrison
Gray Otis, whose brigades con
stituted General Mac Arthur's di
vision, were much interfered with
by the character of the country
in front of both, and the enemy
was able to take advantage of
this, so that the operations
against Novalrehs and Polo
were delayed, though the right
wing of the division swung out,
sweeping the enemy in a north
westerly direction.
General Wheaton's headquar
ters last night was half a mile
south of the river on the railroad.
The opposite bank was protected
yesterday by blockhouses and in
trenchments. Occasionally the
artillery and infantry fired across
the stream. Finally the engi
PRINCE LOEWENSTEIN
KILLED DURING THE
PROGRESS OF BATTLE
MANILA, March 26, 7:30 p. m.
—Prince Loewenstein. formerly
honorary aid-de-camp on the
staff of General Miller at Iloilo,
somehow got in front of the fir
ing line and was killed.
The death of Prince Ludwig
Parl Loewenstein-Wertheim in
yesterday's fighting ends a ca
reer which of late had seemed
mysterious and gives rise to no
little speculation. According to
a dispatch from London to the
Associated Press on March 4, the
Prince, who married Lad* Anne
Saville, daughter of the Earl of
M'-x borough, had 'been lost sight
of by his friends, and an adver
tisement inquiring as to his
whereabouts had appeared in
thf London newspapers.
This elicited a dispatch from
Manila saying that the missing
Prince was in the Philippines,
had been there for many
months, was present at the de
struction of Montejo's fleet and
was a member of the European
Club. The dispatch asserted
also that his behavior had given
rise to a suspicion that he was
acting as the confidential agent
of the German Government. It
was further alleged that before
Manila surrendered he was al
lowed to pass in and out of the
Spanish and insurgent lines,
each party apparently regarding
him as favorable to themselves.
For a few days it was even as
serted that he acted as a volun
tary aid-de-camp on the staff of
Brigadier-General Miller.
The London Daily Mail about
the same time said it had in
formation that Prince Ludwig
was in Iloilo in January of this
year, and with othf>r papers it
asked the meaning of these
"mysterious movements."
neers moved a construction train
up to the bridge, the iron frame
work of which remained, and be-
gan to replace the floor.
While this was going on the
Second Oregon regiment crossed
the river on the left and the
Twenty-second on the right, with
four companies of the Twenty
third Infantry supporting the lat
ter regiment. A rising clear
ground stretched away for a dis
tance of half a mile to Malinta,
situated on its crest.
In front of the village were
strong Filipino intrenchments,
but no Filipinos were to be seen.
Apparently they had fled. The
Twenty-second regiment ap
proached diagonally, with Gen
eral Wheaton and his staff close
behind and scouts closely observ
ing the ground.
When the Americans were
within about 300 yards of the in
trenchments the Filipinos sud
denly volleyed heavily.' The
Twenty-second, which was hold
ing the center, suffered consider
ably, but with the Oregonians on
the left and the Kan sans on the
right in the woods, the fighting
was kept up for half an hour, the
Twenty-second Infantry advanc
ing up the slope through the
thick grass under the hottest fire.
General Wheat on and staff
were all the time under a rain of
bullets. Colonel Egbert, who
was in the thickest of the fight
ing, was shot in the abdomen.
He was placed on a stretcher and
an attempt was made to carry
him to the cars, but he died on
the way.
It was a most affecting scene.
General Wheaton. baring his
head, said: "You have done
nobly." Colonel Egbert gasped
in reply: "I must die; lam too
old."
Xo Filipinos were found in the
trenches. Though apparently
| their force was much smaller
'than that of the Americans, they
had an immense advantage in po
sition and opportunity to retreat.
General Mac Arthur's advance
guard, the Third Artillery and
Continued on Second Page.
• General Egbert and Prince •
# Loewenstein •
« /Vmong the Dead.
GALLANT
TROOPERS
WHO FELL
Brave Men filled and
Wounded During Battles
With Tagallos.
OFFICERS KILLED.
COLONEL X C. EGBERT, Twenty-second Infantry.
CAPTAIN JOHN S. STEWART, First Colorado Vol
teers.
OFFICERS WOUNDED.
CAPTAIN C. D. CLfIY, Seventeenth Infantry.
FIRST LIEUTENANT HAROLD L. JACKSON, Twen
ty-second Infantry.
CAPTAIN LEE FORBY, First Nebraska Volunteers.
CflPTfllN WALLACE C. TAYLOR, First Nebraska
Volunteers.
FIRST LIEUTENANT A. BRAZEE, Second Oregon
Volunteers.
SECOND LIEUTENANT W. S. OVERTON, Third
United States Artillery.
CAPTAIN GEORGE B. FORSTEN, First Washington
Volunteers (mortal).
WASHINGTON. March 26.—Ad
vices from General Otis were
watched with keenest interest
by the War Department of-
ficials to-day, and Assistant
Secretary Meiklejohn, who in the absence
of Secretary Alger is acting Secretary'
of War, remained in his office through
out the day in order to keep in close
touch with the progress of the fighting.
Many army officers and other officials
were also at the department, and the
GENERAL EGBERT
KILLED IN BATTLE
WASHINGTON, March 26.— Colonel Henry C. Egbert, whom General
Otis reports among the killed, was born in Pennsylvania, and ap
pointed a first lieutenant in the army from civil life on Septem
ber 23. 1861. He served continuously as a line officer for nearly
forty years. Hp was more closely identified with the Twelfth In
fantry than any other organization, having served with distinction in that
regiment during the Civil War. He was taken prisoner at the battle of Get
tysburg, but escaped and rejoined his command, and was severely wounded
on June 3, 1864, In the battle of Bethesda Church, Virginia. He was major
of the Seventeenth Infantry from 1890 to 1893, when he became lieutenant
colonel of the Sixth Infantry. This regiment he commanded in the Santiago
campaign until disabled by a shot through the body on July 1, IS9B. For his
distinguished service in battle he was promoted a brigadier general of vol
unteers, which grade he held until December, IS9S, when in the reduction of
the volunteer army he was hrmorably discharged. He was promoted colonel
in the regular establishment on July 1, 1898, and assigned to the Twenty
second Infantry, whose colonel, Charles A. Wikoft", was killed at San Juan
Hill. He joined the Twenty-second Infantry on January 30. 1899, sailed with
it for Manila on February 1, and arrived at Manila on March 4, 1899. Gen
eral Egbert was well known throughout the army as an officer of a high or
der of ability and as a man of sterline Qualities.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
President was kept advised as to the
developments as indicated in General
Otis' dispatches. Early this morning
thf first message from General Otis
was received, and was soon followed by
others, whose contents gave the officials
here their first general idea of the op
erations of the last two days.
The list of killed and wounded, which
General Otis had promised, was anx
iously awaited by the department and
the friends and relatives here of the of2
MINISTER CONGER
MAY MAKE PROTEST
Instructed to Protect American
flights in Encroachments
at S^aoghai.
■ NEW YORK, March 26.— The Washington correspondent of the
± Herald telegraphs: Instructions have just been sent by Secretary Hay
+. to Edwin H. Conger, United States Minister at Peking, directing him
p to protest against any encroachments upon the American concession at
X Shanghai, and to demand for the United States the same privileres or
$_ advantages that may be accorded to any other .ation.
© While I have not been able to ascertain that the adrr> ! - ' tration fears
jt any encroachment upon the American settlement, I understand the
5 '. tate Department has received information showing that the English
q and German gove*- ..its have taken steps looking to tV extension of
+. their respective settlements at Shanghai, and as the American conces-
O sion adjoins them it is not proposed to permit them to obtain possession
+ of any portion of it.
O As the American community has grown equally with the British
Sand German, tlie administration believes that it is only due to the United
5 States that China should in case of the extension of the concessions of
Q these nations extend the American boundaries. Minister Conger will.
■*" therefore, sharply watch the situation, and agreement to demands of
$ the British and German 'Ministers will be followed by the submission of
© a like demand by the American representatives.
■♦- It is untrue that the United States Minister is acting jointly with the
© British and German representatives in seeking an extension of the for
*♦" eign settlements at Shanghai, as reported some days ago from Peking.
•® The United States "Minister will not tct with these diplomats in this
"*" question. The author + ies understand that the French Minister has
¥ withdrawn the protest made b" the French Consul at Shanghai against
© the British and German demands, the understanding Lelng that the land
3E immediately in the rear of th' French concession shall not be en
+ croached upon.
O f O♦ O ♦ ©♦©♦©♦©♦ O♦ O +O+OXs+ ©♦© ♦ O ♦ CHCHO+O+O
ficers and men in the Philippines, but
it was late in the afternoon before it
was received. Much regret was ex
pressed at the death of Colonel Egbert,
the only regular officer among the
killed. He was among those who dis
tinguished Themselves at Santiago, he
ing wounded at San Juan and brevet
ted for conspicuous gallantry in that
engagement.
The following list of casualties has
been given out at the War Department:
MANILA, March 26.— Adjutant Gen
eral, Washington— Casualties March 24,
25 and
KILLED.
Twentieth Kansas — Company E*
Privates F. S. Plumer. Curran C. Craig}
Company G, A. S. Anigal.
Third Artillery— Battery H. Pri
vates William Fatten, James O'Neil,
Sergeant Fogarty; Battery L, Private
Herbert Ross: Battery X, Thompson
Clarence Watts.
Second Oregon — Company R, Pri
vates F. B. Adams; Company P, Will
lam W. Cook; Company L, Charles Her
bert, Guy Millard.
First Montana — Company F, Pri
vates Joseph Bickman; Company G,
Percy Lockhart, Steve Stevens; Com
pany M, William Mitschke.
Third Infantry — Company M, Pri
va^p Morrell, Corporal Cummlngs.
Tenth Pennsylvania — Private Aliz
No wall.
First Nebraska — Company A, Ser
geant Walter Poor.
First Colorado — Company E, Cap
tain John S. Stewart.
Twenty-second Infantry — Colonel
P. C. Egbert.
WOUNDED.
Tenth Pennsylvania — Company C,
Privates Charles C. Walker, back, se
vere; Company D, Eugene Morgan, j
slight: Company X, Vernon Kelly, \
hand, Bevere.
First Montana — Company D, Pri
vates Thomas Rickard, thigh, severe;
Company E, James McCreary, chest.
Blight; James Enright. chest, slight;
John Calanary, neck, slight; Edward
McWrarer, forearm, slight; Corporal
George T. Banks, arm, slight; Company
G. Privates Robert Brown, chest, se
vere; Joseph P. Myer, Company C, se
vere; Gomer Williams, arm, slight;
William 11. McCarty, thigh, severe;
Hayes Axtell, thighs, slight; Company
H, Lewis Pollock, leg, slight; Company
I, Edward J. Lynn, groin, severe.
Third Infantry — Company E, Pri
vate M. O'Mally, forearm, moderate;
Company G, Corporals William H.
Heaperling, chest, severe; Company M,
William H. Fitzgerald, arm, slight;
Privates Charles Karger, clavicle,
Blight; Robert AV-rmforth, side, slight;
Charles Tenton, log, slight; William G.
Schenk, thigh and leg, severe; George
R. Owt-r.F, knee, severe.
Seventeenth Infantry — Company M,
Captain C. D. Clay, neck, slight.
Hospital Corps — Privates Gordon A.
Perl, chest and head, severe; I
W( St, jaw, severe; Eugene J. Owen,
chest and shoulder, severe.
Fourth Infantry — Company G, Pri
vates James O'Neil, knee, severe; Her
man Bleeker, thigh, slight.
Twenty-second Infantry — Compa ny
C, Firet Lieutenant Harold L». Ja. kyon,
thigh, severe; Privates F. W. Arendt,
leg. severe; D, George C. Richards,
thigh and hand E, W. Ward D.
Mill.-r. knee, Flight: William Howard,
chest, sev. iiiam Myers, face,
I E. Cloiigh, leg, severe;
H, Albert E. Axt, forearm, moderate;
L, Merton Henricker, chest, severe; M,
Edward P. Laiuers, forearm, Bevere; ,
"Lewis T. Sciilman. arm, slight; Nicho
las Geirin, thigh. Blight; Sergeant La
vergne Bregg. slignt.
First .South Dakota — Company G,
Private W. EL Brown, forearm.
Twentieth Kansas — Company A,
•Privates Frank Stewart, scalp, slight;
C, Thaddeus Wilgant, thigh, severe;
D, George Nicholas, thorax, severe; E,
George H. Cravens, thigh, severe; Jo
seph H. Hefiin, leg, severe; Andrew
Evans, neck, moderate; Corporal J. H.
Bryant, elbow, slight; G, Private Or
ville Parker, shoulder and arm, bi
H, Captain Adna G. Clark, shoulder,
'severe; Privates Edward R. Hook,
shoulder. and neck, slight; I, William
'Tull, tibia, severe.
First Nebraska — Company A, Pri
vate Harry Sherman, jaws, severe; C,
Roscoe C. Ozman, forearm, moderate;
Pears'
What a luxury
Pears' soap is !
The cheapest soap
in all the world be-
sides.
G, Ward S. Roberts, head, slight; C. E.
Young, hand, severe; Captain Lee For
by, abdomen, severe; X, Private Otis
Font, elbow, slight; L, William J. Keop
man, elbow, moderate; David O. Bar
nell, thigh, moderate; Edward A. Peg
man, forearm, moderate; Clarence A.
Fay, forearm and thigh, severe; Ward
1 . Crawford, hip, severe; Robert E.
Fitscher, hand, slight; Captain Wallace
C. Taylor, forearm, moderate; M, Pri
vate John E. Robinson, hand, slight.
Second Oregon — Company D, Ser
geant Lee A. Morelock, foot, severe;
D, Corporal A. L. Roberts, sprain
ankle; B, Private William J. Armitage.
arm, severe; C, Elmer Roberts, chest,
severe; B, C. ChanaMer, jaw. severe;
George E. Snodgrass, thigh, moderate;
Erwin Crawford, scalp, moderate; Earl
Mount, shoulder, slight; D, First Ser
geant Jarac West, knee and hand,
severe; Corporal William E. Searcv.
groin, severe: E, Private John Davis,
shoulder, severe; George Snyder, chest.
severe; Jacob Smith, forehead, slight:
First Lieutenant A. Brazee, forearm.
severe; F. Privates Charles Ruder.
forehead, severe; G. George Spicer,
jaw, seven; Albert Wordan. leer.
re; George Eichamar, chest,
severe; Ed~ar Samson, arm. moderate;
Cornoral C. Marey, back, severe- H,
Private Frank 11. Thompson, face.
re; I, Corporal Rudolph Canten
bein, leg, moderate; X, Private Roy
Lantrim, thigh, flight; John Janzen.
eye, severe; Emmet L. Jones, back.
Blight; William F Schwartz, knee.
slight; L. John Bailey, hand and rm.
re; William Allen, thigh, severe:
Carlton Sanders, thigh slight: Guy N.
Sanders, neck and arm, severe; B. F.
Bunseph, foot, slight; M, Corporal B.
F\ Burnett, shoulder, severe: Leon G.
Holland, chest, severe; Private C. D.
Cooper, foot, severe; John Blos3er.
head and side, severe; Albert J. Califf,
forearm, severe; A, William Ungerman,
thigh and scrotum, severe; D, J. C.
Headlees, arm, severe.
Third United States Artillery —
Company G, Second Lieutenant W. S.
Overton, thigh, moderate; Privates W.
L. Duplisser. shoulder, slight; A. W.
Linter, chest, severe; Thomas Lynch,
arm, severe; H, Corporal Timothy Fitz
patrick' thigh, slight; Privates
Chauncy Tush, thigh, severe; Julius
Buhlert, leg, slight; William Patton,
abdomen, severe; X, David G. Sulli
van, thumb, severe; Maurice Reynolds,
thigh, moderate; Patrick Conney.
stomach, slight; Alfred Harlow. arm.
moderate; Jules Kuezter, leg. slight;
Sergeant Earl Fisher, thigh, severe;
Fred Clark, head, severe; Private Jo
seph J. Molz, armpit, moderate: L. E.
A. Stockton, shoulder, slight: Herman
J. Werner, thigh and thumb, severe:
Otlie Miller, stomach, slight; Herbert
W. Ogilbie, foot, slight; Oscar Gustaf
son, foot, moderate; James Barrett,
tibia severe; Sergeants Frank A.
Earnsberger, thigh, severe; Hubert A.
McKenzie, finder, severe; Corporal
Thomas A. Galvin.
Fourth United States Cavalry^ —
Troop X, First Sergeant Alex B. David
son, side, severe; Sergeant Charles Hy
att, jaw, severe; Privates Leroy Drum
hand, thigh, severe; Harry Rowe, chest,
severe; William Tuft«, head, severe;
Charles Rice, face, serious; Samuel H.
Evans, leg, slight; Troop L, Ferrier
Rankin Nebinger, leg, severe; Troop X,
Private John Gotter, neck, slight.
First Washington Infantry — Com
pany B, Captain George B. Forsten,
mortal; Quartermaster Sergeant Wil
■ Ham B. Covington, thigh, severe; Pri
vates Reginald S. Patterson, thigh,
slight: William B. Courtney, probably
mortal; Frank Penny, arm and chest,
severe; Oliver D. Ward, thumb, slight;
Company X, William H. Hinchcliffe,
hand, slight.
Utah Li^ht Artillery — Company B,
Corporal Harry L. Souther, thigh, mod
erate; Private Parker Hall, thigh, se
vere.
First Colorado — Company A, Pri
vates Edwin Eppitts, breast, severe;
M, Malcomh H. McCoe, abdomen, se
vere; Charles J. Brill, thigh, severe;
Company E, Merto-n W. Essholm, thigh,
slight.
Thirteenth Minnesota — '• Company
A, Privates Andrew Mortenson, foot
and ankle, severe: Company I. Fred
Eckman, thigh, severe; Leonard Porter,
groin, severe; Sergeant Edward Mein
ness, hand, slight; Company X, Pri
vates John T. Wheeler, abdomen, se
vere; James C. McGee, thumb, slight;
Corporals John Connelly, thigh, se
vere; Company L, Harry M. Glosser,
abdomen, severe; Privates Avery
Crimes, jaw, severe; Company M, Paul
iness Huhn, chest, severe. OTIS.
UNDER FIRE WITH
GENERAL WHEATON
MANILA, March 28, 7:30 p. m.—Presi
dent Schurman of the Philippines Com
mission, and Mr. McArthur, United
States Secretary, were under fire to
day with General "Wheaton.
THE SAIS" .FRANCISCO CAM,, MONDAY, MARCH 27. 1899.
ROUTED FILIPINOS HAVE FIRED MALABON.
the Twentieth Kansas Regiment,
joined General Wheaton's bri
gade shortly after Malinta was
taken, approaching along the
Novalrehs road westerly.
The soldiers were mucli* ex
hausted and there were several
prostrations from the heat, which
was intense. The dead and
wounded were collected- in the
shade of the trees and carried' on
stretchers by Chinese across "the
river to the train.
After luncheon General Mac-
Arthur's division advanced to
ward Polo.
The Second Oregon Regiment
encountered iooo Filipinos west
of Malinta, who were retreating
from Malabon. The enemy had
taken up a position behind four
rows of intrenchments, but was
driven out after an hour's heavy
firing. One Oregonian was kill
ed and five were wounded.
The Third Artillery, acting as
infantry, with two guns of the
Utah Artillery, and the Kansans
had a sharp fight east of Malinta.
The Americans had but slight
losses. Five Filipinos were fqund
dead and several were taken pris
oners. General Mac Arthur's di
vision is advancing upon Polo
along the railroad. As the bridge
is destroyed and the river cannot
be forded, the advance is tem
porarily checked to-night.
In the fighting west of Malinta
the Oregonians captured a Span
iard, but he denied that he was
taking part in the battle.
The surgeons from the fleet
and the British cruiser Powerful
volunteered their assistance and
were indefatigable in their serv
ices at the front.
POLO FOUND BURNING
AND DESERTED
MANILA, March 27, 11:35 a. m.— The
Americans this morning found the im
portant town of Polo and a number of
small villages west of the railroad de
serted and burning. They are advanc
ing along the railroad.
To-day the Washington Volunteers,
■who held Pasig yesterday, had an en
gagement with a band of insur^n'
who drove in their outposts. In the
fight the Filipinos lost several men.
GUNBOATS SHELL
MALABON AND VICINITY
MANILA, March 27, 7:40 a. m.— The
Helena and the army gunboats shelled
Malabon and the country beyond, while
the Monadnock focussed all its bat
teries upon Paranaque for two hours
for the purpose of destroying the mili
tary stores there. A great smoke wa3
caused, but as the insurgents are In
possession of the town the results of
the shelling are not obtainable.
The evacuation of Malabon was a
picturesque rout. Thousands of men,
women and children, loaded down with
household goods, some with their dear
est treasures— fighting cocks — under
their arms, poured across the swamps
in the early morning.
An exploded caisson at the railroad
bridge proved a bar to the Americans.
Ten soldiers of the Oregon regiment,
while searching for two of those killed
earlier in the fighting, sneaked into the
city in the morning and found the place
In a condition of chaos. The inhabi
tants, seeeing them, fled in a panic,
thinking the American forces were in
possession. The Oregonians shot several
armed natives and then returned to
camp.
The American forces did not occupy
Malabon, but are concentrating their
strength to strike Malolos. Malabon is
a city of desolation. The American sol
diers have been forbidden to enter the
place for fear that natives may be
lurking there.
STEADY ADVANCE
OF OUR SOLDIERS
MANILA, March 27, 7:40 a. m.— The
Americans have advanced along the
line of the Dagupan Railroad, driving
the Filipinos from Malinta and New
Canayan, where there were 3000 inhab
itants. Last night the brigade of Gen
eral Harrison G. Otis and General Hale
encamped in the enemy's trenches at
New Canayan, and that of General
Wheaton at Malinta.
General Wheaton's brigade formed a
junction with the remainder of General
Mac Arthur's division at Malinta, and
the latter, leaving General Wheaton
there, marched along the railroad to
New Canayan. This place was forti
fied, and for 300 yards from it there
were trenches on each side of the track.
These were taken possession of by the
American troops. The movement of
the Americans will be pushd in this di
rection.
The Filipinos, realizing that the rail
road is the crucial line, have construct
ed row after row of trenches running
diagonally on both sides of the track
a few hundred yards apart. This
work was designed most intelligently,
and has evidently been done under the
direction of experts. It represnts an
enormous amount of labor. Most of
the rebel positions are protected by
thick earthworks, a majority of them
topped with stones and provided with
loopholes. Some have sheet-iron roofs.
The day's work of the United States
troops consisted of storming the suc
cessive trenches. The Filipinos occu
pying them were completely hidden.
Tho enemy poured a strong fire from
every trench until they were disturbed
by a flanking volley, when they would
disappear into the woods and jungle,
only to make a stand at the next line.
The American loss was remarkably
Continued From First Page.
small, seven being reported killed and
seventeen wounded. It is known the
Filipinos were so protected that they
suffered little. No., dead insurgents
were found in the trenches. Forty
prisoners were taken by the Americans
and it,is estimated that the rebel casu
alties numbered twenty.
The insurgents broke their guns when
they .\rere compelled to abandon them.
HARDEST FIGHTING
IS YET TO COME
NEW YORK, March 26.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: The crushing of Aguln
aldo's northern army is a more difficult
task than the authorities here had an
ticipated. Advices from General Otis
to-day make it clear to " em that con
siderable more fighting must be done
before the supremacy of the United
States is firmly established in the
archipelago.
"As far as the operations of the last
twenty-four hours are concerned the
situation is as satisfactory as could be
expected In view of the great difficul
ties encountered," Adjutant General
Corbin remarked to-night.
The latest dispatch brought the most
favorable news of the day. It showed
that General McArthur has succeeded
in getting north of Polo, though not by
the route that had been desired. Thus
it appears that while General Mac-
Arthur has not been able to cut Aguin
aldo's army in two, there has been a
distinct advance by the American
troops and the enemy is being driven
northward.
Other advices, however, indicate that
the hardest fighting is yet to come. The
intrenchments which the insurgents
have been building for months are re
ported to be much stronger between
Polo and Maloios than anticipated.
General Otis indicates by his dis
patches that the line of the railway will
be followed in further movements to
ward Malolos. With the aid of small
gunboats which will be able to navi
gate some of the small rivers and inlets
tho military experts here do not doubt
the ability of the American forces to
steadily advance along the route of the
railway to Aguinaldo's headquarters.
The news that the railway is to be re
paired to the advance point held by
General Mac Arthur by to-morrow is
regarded of the utmost importance, as
it will enable General Otis to forward
supplies promptly and send forward re
enforcements if necessary.
An important phase of the omcTal
dispatches received to-day is the state
ment that the best of Aguinaldo's
forces are composed of released prison
ers of war of former native Spanish
troops. General Corbin told me to
night that he understood that all the
Spanish prisoners of war had been re
i by Aguinaldo, including Catholic
priests. If this is true it relieves the
United States from a rather embarrass
ing problem.
While late advices from Otis give an
encouraging aspect to the situation, the
authorities appreciate that the war
may be prolonged, and it is the pur
pope of the War Department to hurry
more troops to the assistance of Otis
as rapidly as possible. About 19,000
troops have been under orders for some
days to prepare for service in the Phil
ippines. There are at present 29,600
men in the Philippines and about 5000 en
route, some of which will reach Manila
on the Sheridan to-morrow or next day.
WASHINGTON, March 26.— General
Otis' dispatches received at 10 o'clock
to-night recording Mac Arthur's ad
vance to New Canayan marked a di
rect and important step by the Ameri
can troops in the opinion of Acting
Secretary Meiklejohn and Adjutant
General borbin. Both expressed their
satisfaction at what had been accom
plished. The former dispatch regarding
this branch of the operations had not
been so promising, inasmuch as they
had stated that General Mac Arthur,
though he had riven the enemy, could
not gain a point north of Polo on ac
count of the roughness of the country.
With easy railroad communication to
the advanced point, the difficulty in
forwarding commissary supplies will be
considerably lessened. Every step for
ward is regarded as so much ground
gained, and an approach nearer the in
surgents' headquarters at Malolos, now
stated to be but fifteen miles from the
vanguard of the American army.
The tenacity of the Filipinos in the
past few days' fighting has somewhat
surprised the war officials here, who
did not think them capable of putting
up and maintaining the contest they
have. The Associated Press bulletin
dated at 9:15 the morning of the 27th
was the first news of Monday's fighting
received by the War Department offi
cials, General Otis' dispatch up to that
time having been confined to the pre
vious day's operations. The fact that
the insurgents had been forced to re
tire from Malabon so early in the day
was regarded as very encouraging, and
Acting Secretary Meiklejohn remarked,
"That is good; very favorable, indeed."
Secretary Long said to-night that
nothing had come from Admiral Dewey
during the day respecting the American
operations at Manila.
"Word is hourly expected at the War
Department of the arrival of the trans
port Sheridan at Manila, with 1900 re
inforcements for General Otis. This
will be a formidable addition to his
fighting strength. They Include one
full regiment and headquarters and one
battalion of another, and if the experi
ence of those taken aboard the Grant
and Sheridan Is repeated they will be in
fighting trim as soon as they land and
ready to be pushed immediately to the
front. Six regiments of Infantry
and artillery, comprising approxi
mately 8000 men, one regiment of
which sailed from San Francisco
yesterday, are under orders for
Manila. Their movement will be pasned
as rapidly as possible with a view to
the reinforcement of General Otis at
the earliest day practicable.
ENGLISH ADMIRATION
OF BRAVE AMERICANS
LONDON, March 26.— The Philippine
campaign of late had rather lost inter
est for British readers, but to-day there
is an entire change. All the dispatch
es are printed prominently and at
length. Most of the papers contain edi
torials expressing admiration for the
bravery, of the American troops and
sympathy for them in the ■ difficulties
they have encountered. The general
opinion is that the American victories
are not conclusive, since the Filipinos
have not yet learned the lesson of the
hopelessness of resisting the United
States.
The Standard says: "The Americans
are fighting the rebels with a dash and
vigor that are in marked contrast to
the faltering blows aimed at them by
the Spanish generals. Englishmen will
read with sympathy of the successive
charges of the American infantry
across the open Li the face of a heavy
fire. Work such as this has had to be
done times without number in the
course of our own empire-making 1 ."
The Daily Telegraph says: "All the
accounts show that the Americans will
have to bear their full share of the
'White Man's Burden.' The experience
that the United States is gathering to
day is that of every power which has
sought to found an empire beyond its
own shores."
The Daily News says: "The ultimate
result can hardly be doubted, but stra
tegically Manila is still threatened."
DRAFTING CONSTITUTION
FOR NEGROS ISLAND
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
ILOILO, March 26.— The transport
Indian has arrived here with rein
forcements for Negros Island, where
the situation is still satisfactory. The
rising of the hill tribes was of no polit
ical significance.
A committee of natives, with Colonel
Smith, the American Governor, presid
ing, proceeded with the work of draft
ing a constitution, taking the Ameri
can constitution as a basis for the
document. It has been formally pro
posed to raise the island's revenue en
tirely from exports instead of the pres
ent method of levying upon land values
and personal property, thus relieving
the laboring classes as far as possible.
The natives desire the immediate In
troduction of the English system of
education.
Deputies for the island of Negros will
meet on April 3to discuss the draft of
the constitution.
The climate here is more favorable
than at Manila. The percentage of
illness among the troops is small.
General Miller will relinquish com
mand at Iloilo to -lorrow. Colonel
David D. Van Valzah will be in com
mand until the arrival of General
Hughes.
CAREER OF. CAPTAIN
M. G. KRAYENBUHL
WASHINGTON, March 26.— Captain
M. G. Krayenbuhl, mortally wounded
at Manila, was born In and appointed
to the military academy from Minne
sota. He was the honor graduate of
the artillery school of 1896 and his last
assignment in the regular establish
ment was as first lieutenant in the
Third Artillery. On the 7th of last De
cember ho accepted the position of a
captain in the subsistence department
in the volunteer army. Captain Kray
enbuhl was married.
AGUINALDO PRETENDS
TO WIN GREAT VICTORIES
MANILA, March 23 (via Hongkong
March 26). — Insurgent papers received
here from Malolos show that Aguinaldo
is endeavoring to deceive his followers
into the belief that they are winning
great victories. All the recent en
gagements are proclaimed as American
defeats. The papers describe the in
surgents meeting with the American
forces at various points, and end their
accounts with the assertion that the
Americans retired to their original lines
after suffering great slaughter.
POLO TAKEN AFTER
A HARD FIGHT
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
HeraH. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MANILA, March 27.— P010 was taken
to-day after a hard fight. The advance
continues and our troops are every
where successful. Mac Arthur's men
are in the neighborhood of Meicauavan
ready to move in the morning.
Our losses at the latest report were
31 killed, 230 wounded since Saturday
morning.
TO COMMAND THE
CRUISER BALTIMORE
PHILADELPHIA. March 26.—Cap
tain James McQueen Forsythe, who
has been recovering In the Naval Hos
pital here from a severe illness, re
ceived word to-day from "Washington
of his appointment to command the
cruiser Baltimore, now in the Philip
pines. Captain Dyer was ordered home
on account of ill health.
TWELFTH NEW YORK
RETURNS FROM CUBA
Given an Enthusiastic Welcome on
Its Arrival at the American
Metropolis.
NEW YORK, March 26.— The home-com
ing of the Twelfth New York regiment,
which arrived to-day from Matanzas,
Cuba, on the transport Meade, was
marked by great enthusiasm. There was
so little sickness among the men that
when the vessel reached quarantine, Col
onel K. W. Leonard, who was in com
mand, was able to report "All Well."
The Meade left Matanzas on March 22.
She was in charge of Captain Wilson and
had on board 43 officers and 944 men of
the Twelfth Regiment and a number of
cabin passengers, among them Paymaster
General Carey, who went to Cuba with
the $3,000,000 for the Cuban army; Miss
Carey, his daughter; Miss Rochester, Ma
jor R. L. Rogers of the Paymaster's De
partment, and wife; Captain Millis and
Lieutenant Howell of the Engineer Corps,
and the detail of twenty-two men who
went to Cuba on the Meade to guard the
money to pay the Cuban soldiers; and
General Aveleno Rosas, a division com
mander in the Cuban army. Lieutenant
Clausen of Company F of the Twelfth
Regiment, brought his wife with him. The
bride is a Cuban and speaks only the
Spanish language. It is paid that the
Lle-utenant cannot speak Spanish. They
were married about a week ago.
The regiment landed at the White Star
pier and was met by a great crowd of
people. It was followed by the veterans.
The band struck up "Should Auld Ac
quaintance Be Forgot." The soldiers
passed through Washington Park and up
Fifth avenue to the armory on sixty-sec
ond street. The streets were crowded all
along the route, and Mayor Van Wyck
reviewed the reeriment from a stand at
Madison square. When the troops ap
peared the streets were blocked and dense
throngs were on every side.
Embassador Harris at Vienna,
VIENNA, March 2fi.— Addlson C. Harris,
the new United Siates Embassador to
Austria-Hungary, arrived here to-day.
WHILE SOUND ASLEEP
HE KILLS HIS WIFE
Laboring Under a Nightmare, a Tacoma
Physician Shoots at an Imaginary
Assassin.
TACOMA, March 26.— Dr. Charles Corey shot and killed his wife this
morning while the tw were lying asleep.
Corey was ill, and his st~rv of the affair is that he was the victim of
a nightmare, believing his wife was being pursued by a stranger who
was intent on klllu her. In his dream Corey says he followed the two
from Tacoma to "Washington, and just as he fancied the ma. was about
to stab his wife he fired twice with his revolver. He awoke with a
start to find himself sitting in bed with a smoking revolver in his hand.
His wife lay beside him, shot twice through the head. Corey had drawn
his revolver from its place under his pillow and killed his wife.
The relations between Corey and his wife have been very affectionate >
and the authorities believe his story. He is nearly cra«ed with grief. >•
and friends are watching him to prevent his suicide.
Mrs. Corey was a leader in the social circles. She was afrai of a X
revolver and frequently suggested a fear that she would some day be jr
]' : 'led by one. was not arrested.
ENDURANCE OF
HIS HOLINESS
Cheerful Underthe Sur
geon's Knife;
RELIEVED OF THE TUMOR
INCIDENTS OF THE IMPORTANT
OPERATION.
The Pope Refused Anesthetics, and
While the Doctors Worked He
Calmly Responded to a
Bishop's Prayer.
Special Dispatch to Thfl Call.
NEW YORK, March 26.— A
special cable to the Journal from
Rome says: In an interview Dr.
Mazzoni said to-da^ the condi
tion of the Pope was very sat
isfying. The Pontiff resumed
his habitual daily work this
morning and celebrated mass.
ROME, March 26.— "Doctor," said
Leo XIII to Lapponi when the latter
informed him that it had been decided
that an operation was necessary, "you
do wrong to separate two friends who
have lived so closely together for thirty
years."
The tumor was situated, on the right
hip. A somewhat too extended walk in
the garden under a hot sun had served
to inflame it and arouse the fears of
the doctor, who on the evening of Feb
ruary 27 simply said to his patient that
he would operate on him the next day,
receiving only the pleasing response
from his Holiness that he knew It.
Lapponi went down to the French
Sisters of Saint Martha and ordered
that they carry up to the apartments
of the Pupe for 8 o'clock the next morn
ing the operating board and the fold
ing bed that had been used recently for
the operation on Cardinal Svampa. Sis
ter Therese, who had just returned the
same day from Naples, did not even at
tempt to make any inquiries, as it
would have been useless In the face of
the mysterious bearing of the doctor,
but she immediately concluded that a
serious affair would take place on the
morrow in the Pope's rooms. She was
convinced of it when, as she accompa
nied the needed articles to the ante
chamber, she heard one of the Popes
secretaries say to her: "Offer your holy
communion this morning for the wel
fare of the Holy Father, for he will
have much need of your prayers."
When S o'clock sounded Dr. Lapponi
brought the Surgeon Mazzoni to the
apartments of the Pope Leo still slept
auietly and they decided to wait until
he waked in the meantime preparing
the operating instruments and the bed.
Three-quarters of an hour later the
Holy Father awoke and permitted the
visitors to enter. ,
"Holy Father," said Lappom to him,
''^amt^'replied Leo XIII. The
Pope only asked him if he still be
lieved the operation to be necessary,
and on Lapponi's replying that it was,
he turned to Mazzoni and said to him
quietly "Professor, go on! But per
mit me to request of you two things,
the first not to make me suffer too
much, and the second, to work auick
ly for I have much to do."
* When the patient was installed on
the board, at the will of the surgeon,
he refused any kind of anesthetic
which would make him sleep during
the operation.
After talking some moments with
Bishop Pifferi, his confessor in ordi
nary he asked that he would call his
private secretary, Bishop Angeli.
"Angeli! Are you there? You will
say the mass 'Pro infirmis' in my pres
ence. Make an altar on the table and
commune."
"But I have already said my mass
this morning, Holy Father."
"Well, begin again."
"But I have broken my fast with a
cup of milk."
"I relieve you of that. Say the mass
for the sick, and now, gentlemen, pro
ceed." . , . .
Whiter than the vestment which he
had put on the priest commenced the
"in nomine Patris," and the surgeon at
the same time entered upon his work.
To extract the tumor, as large as an
orange, down to the roots of the fibers
the scalpel had to fo with a deep cut
and concentrically. A long sigh, imme
diately suppressed, by the sufferer an
nounced the commencemei.t of the
work. And until the "elevation" one
heard nothing but the prayers of the
priest, to which the patient tried to re
spond. When the little bell announced
the consecration of the cup and of the
wafer the suffering of the godly old
man was greater than his fortitude and
Leo began to complain. Long sighs, in
terrupted by sharp exclamations, came
from the operating board, where one
saw but little between the cloths spong
ing the wound except blood.
How did Mgr. Angeli finish this sor
rowful /nass standing between the
blood of the Christ which he conse
crated and the blood of his Vicar, which
filled the chamber with a sharp odor,
and thick stains?
"T was ignorant of it," said he after
ward, "and here is a mass unconscious
ly repeated, for which the congreation
of rlies can give me absolution."
The operation lasted three long quar
ters of an hour, when Dr. Mazzoni,
having bound up the gaping- wound, an
nounced that all was happily finished.
They lifted from the board the Pope,
who had not lost his spirits for an in
stant, and carried him to his usual bed,
where, dozing off this time immediate
ly, he slept a long sleep.
He was quite lively on awakening,
and asked to see once more his pain
ful traveling companion, and promised
to make on this tumor of which they
had so harshly deprived him some
Latin verses. He rested well during
the five successive days, after which
the doctors, enchanted with the condi
tion of the convalescent, issued no
more bulletins of health, thenceforth
useless for an old man who was per
fectly on his feet again. Too soon even,
for Leo XIII, impatient to resume hi 3
daily occupations, had not waited for
the written permission of the faculty,
who found him the very morning after
the operation standing up and at work
by the default of the sick nurses, whose
vigilance the acuteness of the conval
escent had evaded. And after passing
through the experience of the operat
ing board, this nonogenarian, once
more at his worktable, thinks more of
his Cardinals who are sick than of his
own sufferings, for the same morning
he sent his Eminence Ledowski a small
box of dolci, the bonbons which he pre
fers, to cure him of a cold more obsti
nate than his own ills.
"Oh! my own, I know how to take
care of them. Wait a moment." said
he tn the amazed Mazzoni. "and hear
the Latin verses which I promised
you." __^_^______
Owens Back in San Quentin.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. March :«.—
George C. Owens, the Modesto wife mur
d^rer, who was taken to that city for a
new sentence, was brought back to the
penitentiary to-day by Sheriff Purvis of
Stanislaus County. Owens will be exe
cuted on April 21. The prisoner refuses
to accept religious consolation a.nd de
clares his punishment is far greater than
he deserves.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"^Better Good Afar Off
Than Evil at Hand."
If the "evil at hand" is
: a disordered condition of the
blood, the "good" is not
\"afar off/ Hood's Sar-
saparilla is a natural blood
purifier, and <within the dos~
sibilities of everyone. It
cures scrofula, salt rheum
and every other form of
blood disease.
It relieves dyspeptic troubles and kid-
ney and liver difficulties. It surely has
saved thousands of lives and made peo-
ple better able to stand the cares and
worries of life.
Hip Disease— "Five running sores on
my hip caused me to use crutches. Was
confined to hod every winter. Hoods Sar-
eaparilla. saved my life, as it cured me
perfectly. Am strong 1 and well." ANNIE
ROBERT, 49 Fourth St., Fall River, Mats.
Sore Eyes— "Humor in the blood
madf my daughter's eyos sore, po that we-
feared blindness, until Hood's Sarsavari.la
made her entirely well." B. B. GIBSON.
Henniker, N. H.
Rheumatism —"Inflammatory rheu-
matism caused me suffering- so that I
could not sleep or walk. Had no appetite
and medicine seemed useless. Finally
used Hood's Sarsaparilla. which rook
away all pain." MRS. STELLA NORRIS.
Marion, Ohio.
Debility— "l was weak, run down and
nervous. Severe pains in kidneys, with
heart trouble. Hood's Sarsaparilla made
me strong and new. It is an honest medi-
cine." CHARLES HEXDERSHOT. 3144
W. Main Street, Amsterdam, New York.
Diphtheria — "I was weak, blind and
helpless from diphtheria. I began taking
Hoods Sarsaparilla and it made me
strong. Since then my health has been,
good." MRS. C. SLOCTM SMITH. iU
Industrial Trust Bld'g-, Providence, R. I.
Impure Blood— Abscess— "An ab-
scees formed on my right side, caused by
impure blood. Hood's Sarsaparilla has
made me as sound as a dollar and the
cure is permanent." W. 11. Heffner, Al-
vira, Pa.
Varicose Veins— "I have been a
great sufferer from varicose veins, which
swelled my foot and limb, discharging
watery matter. I took Hood's Sarsaparil-
la faithfully and the sores healed." MRS.
A. E. GILSON, Hartland, Vt.
fflccdfl \SaUatmli(a
Hood's Pills cure liver ills: the non-irritating
and only,. cathartic to take, with Hood's Sar-
saparilla. ■ .■ .
l^ C:r< V I I M LOST VIGOR.
/SSEfr — AND MANHOOD
g?ypW~~l; Cures Impotency Night Emissions and w»«io
Rn4p diseases, all effects of seif-^bus?. or excess and
indiscretion. A nerVeteoic and blood-builder.
i-^'^S^ Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and tt*
a. B>>. . J stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
wi^^WL box. 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
jfl^Jf^ guarantee to cure or refund the money.
Ikrvlta medical Co., CHntsn * Jackson its., Chicagj.
Owl Drug Co.. Sole Agts.. 1128 Market. S. F.
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable: Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. an J
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach
"Liver. Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Pick Headache. Biliousness Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera, 2.ic a box. At Druggists,
!or by mail. . RADWAY & CO., New York.
■.-■-.' , - ': .ZELTNER BROTHERS
SURRENDER TO THE
BLOOMDALE RIFLES
Militia Captures the Ohio Mur=
derers at Their Barricaded
Home.
TOLEDO Ohio, ATn.rch 26.— The Zelt
r.er brothers, the murderers of E. H.
Westendhaver, are in jail at Bowling
.. Peaceable methods finally pre
vailed, although it is doubtful if the
c ture would have been effected ex
cept for the fact that th Zeltners were
nearly out of ammunition, and they
knew surrender was the only way of
saving themselves from an infuriated
mob.
The militia had planned to make a
stand about daylight, and strict picket
duty was maintained by the Bloom
dale Ritles all night, the men belne sta
tioned around the house to prevent the
Zeltner picking the men off. There
were several narrow escapes from bul
lets during the - ! ne. for the Zelt
ners, being German sharpshooters,
"were picking out and shooting at every
one venturing within 500 yards. Ex-
Sheriff Kiggs of Bowling Green went to
Hoytsville during the night to see At
torney Hood, whom the Zeltners wished
to consult, iiood promised to co to the
house at daylight, but when the time
came he refused to go, evidently fear
ing the Zeltners would shoot any one
approaching the place.
At s:^o o'luck this morning ex-
Sheriff Riggs. accompanied by a neigh
bor named Brown, started toward the
house. The Zeltners offered no re
sistance to their approach and they
were admitted to the h use. Mr. Risers
told .hem th^ militia were ready to
make an attack on the house and they
would be compelled to surrender and
they had better give up peaceably. The
Zoltr.ers Beemed not posed at first
to give up and said thiy feared the
mob some of which remained without
the militia lines. They tr ed to induce
Riggs to accompany them throusrh the
timber, but he refused and they were
told they would not be molested if they
gave up their arms and accompanied
him to jail. After a " If hour's talk
they agreed and Sheriff Kingsbury was
notified. He at once made arrange
ment, to afford th<? Zfltners the pro
tection of the militia -and a special
train was ordered to Ouster to convey
the men to jail.
The Zeltners gave up their arms.
Each was provided with a repeating ri
fle and a revolver. There were seven
tv-flve rounds of rifle arnmu. ition and
two boxes of revolver cartridges left in
the house. The Zeltners were very ret
icent and did not care to talk of the
matter only saying that they regretted
Th.-> .""-ath of Clarence n'ettenmever.
who was killed during the attack on
the house.
Mrs J-'hn Zeltner, who was in the
house with her three children during
the trouble, was not molested.
FIRED UPON NEIGHBORS.
Throughout the Night the Zeltners
Kept Up a Fusilade.
BOWLING GREEN, O-. March 26.—
IXJvelopments since the capture to-day
of John H. and Paul Zeltner in Wood
•County Indicate that they not only de
liberated over the bloody defiance of the
law, but also prepared for it by placing
a large stock of ammunition in their
residence twenty-seven miles from
Hoyts Corner. E. H. Westenhaver ex-
Soli-ntcr of North Baltimore, had been
their attorney in numerous cases and
sued thorn for his fees. The jury and
witnesses had been sworn yesterday
before "justice E. Burgoon in the town
DENMARK WILL
SEND A WARSHIP
To Look After Projects
in China.
AN EXPEDITION PLANNED
PRINCE WALDEMAR TO COM
MAND THE UNDERTAKING.
However, Negotiations for Commer
cial Advantages Will Be Con
ducted at St. Petersburg
Through Russia.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
LONDON, March 27.— The CoDen
hagen correspondent of the Dally Mail
says:
"The Danish Government will ask
Parliament to vote a credit to send
the cruiser Fyon to China in connection
with Denmark's projects there. Prince
•Waldemar will command the expedi
tion, and Princess Waldemar will fol
low in one of the steamers of the East
Asian Company. It is probable, how
ever, that the negotiations for com
merical advantages in China will be
•conducted at St. Petersburg through
Bussia."
CHINA WILL RESIST
ARMED INVASION
LONDON March 27.-The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Dally Mail says: The
Dowager Empress has ordered the Gov
ernors of the maritime provinces of China
to resist forcibly any landing of armed
f< AclslStag to a dispatch from Shanghai
to the Dally Mail it is reported there that
a Mohammedan rebellion has broken out
fn the province of Kan-Su. the most
rPorthweitern province of China, between
of Shen See and Se Chuen
o£ oneridc and Mongolia and the desert
of Gobi on the other.
CHILEAN PRESS BITTER.
Denounces Award of Minister Bu-
chanan as Unjust.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899. by James Gor
don Bennett.
VALPARAISO, March 2*5.— The opposi
tion press bitterly criticises Minister
Buchanan's award and blames the Gov
'ernxnent for' it, but the great part of pub-
He opinion accepts it as just and inevit
able.
• Th'-rr- i* a feeling in Santiago against
the Chilean Commissioners and a hostile
demonstration is now preparing to greet
them when they come back from Buenos
Ayres.
ship house at Hoyts Corners in Westen
haver's suit to recover fees, when Zelt
ner demanded some papers of Westen
haver and attempted to take them from
his pocket. John Zeltner then joined
in demanding the papers, and imme
diately fired the fatal shot that killed
Westenhaver.
As the Zeltners had their horses ready
for mounting and escape, it is thought
that they had arranged to get Westen
haver into a light for the purpose of
"doing" him, although they did not
give the victim time to make any dem
onstrations toward them. The Zelt
ners kept up their firing till they
mounted their horses, and continued it,
as hundreds of citizens pursued them
for two miles to their residence. After
they reached their house they kept up
constant tiring the rest of the day and
during the night. They not only went
to the trial fully armed, but they had
ammunition at home for continued fu
silades and still left a large stock on
hand.
While the feeling is intense around
North Baltimore on account ot the
murder of Westenhaver, it is equally
intense around Hoyts Corners on ac
count of the killing of Clarence Weid
meyer, who was with the Sheriff's posse
last night. When Weidmeyer fell vol
ley after volley was poured into the
crowd from the upper story of tho
Zeltner house, and the Zeltners knew
that they were firing on their neigh
bors as well a on the Sheriff and his
deputies. Before the arrival of troops
during the night a cannon used in
shooting oil tanks when they are on
fire and a quantity of nitro-glycerine
had been secured, so that there would
have been trouble after sunrise if the
troops had not arrived.
The Zeltner brothers and their fami
lies were no douht saved by the prompt
arrival of troops under the orders of
Governor Bushnell. The troops stood
between the tiring from the house and
the enraged crowds, and not only cap
tured the desperadoes, but also pro
tected them from violence all the way
from the south boundary of this county
to the jail here, a distance of over
twenty miles, with excitement at the
highest pitch all along the route.
In connection with the participation
of the two women and four children
in the Zeltner barricaded house, it is
stated as further proof of deliberation
that the Zeltners transferred their
farms and other property to Fnda> to
Mrs John Zeltner.
Ex-Sheriff Briggs told the following
interesting story: „.
•I will acknowledge." he said, that
I had some misgivings when I heard
the men unbolt the door, and as I
stepped into the house both men had
their rifles in their hands and the door
was banged behind me like a flash.
Empty shells and cartridges were
strewn about the floor and a smell of
sulphur prevailed. John's wife was
weeping, and the two little children
were huddled about her knees. I said:
•Now boys, if you have it in for me,
just give me a chance" it Is all I ask.
I finally persuaded them to lay asid<>
their guns. They both appeared to be
badly scared, but did not seem to real
ize the seriousness of their situation."
Late to-night the elder brother, Paul,
said: "I am glad I killed him" (mean
ing Westenhaven).
This is all he would say. John re
fused to say anything.
The town is quiet to-night, and while
there has been some talk on the street
nothing has been or will be done. The
whole afternoon and early part of the
evening the jail was crowded by visit
ors, who were permitted to see the pris
oners.
BOLD ACTION OF
CANADIAN POLICE
Stop a United States
Inspector.
SEIZE LIQUOR IN HIS CARE
OUTRAGE ON THE SUMMIT OF
WHITE PASS.
The Steamship Humboldt From the j
North Reports the Tees
Ashore on Thorbourne
Island.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. March 26.— The steamer
Humboldt, arriving late to-night from
Skaguay, brings Important advices. A
United States inspector conveying a lot
of packages of liquor was stopped at
the White Pass summit on March 20 by
the Canadian police. The liquor was
confiscated.
The seizure has aroused intense feel
ing at Skaguay. This action is a repe
tition of that perpetrated on February
2 by Canadian officials at the summit,
when they arbitrarily refused to allow
American convoys in charge of liquor
to pass. The American deputy collector
submitted the matter to the authorities
at Washington.
Information is also brought that the
steamship Tees is ashoreon Thorbourne
' Island, on the Alaska coast. Her bow
lk-s on the rocks of the beach, while
her stern rests in the deep water, with
I a hole in her hull about the forward
! niast. H^r position is dangerous. No
' lives were lost.
COSTA RICAN INVESTMENTS.
Foreign Capital Interested in the
Southern Republic.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. ISW, by James Gor
don Bennftt.
SAN JOSE DE COSTA RICA, March
26. — An English syndicate has been formed
with a capital of £400.000 to work the gold
mines located in the district of Aban
gares, province of Liberia.
It is currently stated that President
Iglesias, who is at present in Europe,
has contracted with a French firm for the
construction of the port of Tivives as a
terminus of the Pacific Rrailroad. The
cost is estimated at 12,000,000 francs.
Not a Democratic Conference.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark.. March 26. -In an
Interview to-day Colonel W. J. Bryan
said no conference of political significance
had taken place here and there would be
none. He said he found prominent Demo
crats here from all parts of the country ,
but they did not know of hie coming and
he did not know of their presence here
When he came to deliver his lecture.
THE SAN ,IRAy CISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1899.
OUTLAW MURPHY PLANNED
THE ANGELS STAGE HOLD-UP
ANGELS CAMP, March 26.— An the
attempted hold-up of the Angels-
Valley Springs stage on Friday
night Is talked of, many actions of
Robert Murphy during his resi
dence here are recalled and show his
naturally vicious character. Living in
a cabin In a secluded spot with a part
ner who was completely under his In
fluence, he concocted many schemes by
which he gave play to his criminal in
stincts. Peddlers making periodical
trips were accustomed to stop over
night at the Selkirk place, near which
Murphy's cabin stood, leaving their
wagons laden with merchandise un
guarded. On numerous occasions these
wagons were pilfered. On searching the
cabin-rafter the desperado's latest es
capade a quantity of stolen articles was
recovered and identified by the rightful
owners. The carcass of a goat was
found prepared for use as food. Fred
Antolla identified the hide of the ani
mal, which was in the cabin, as that of
a goat which disappeared from his
place a few days ago.
Both Murphy and Westfall were seen
in town but a few hours previous to
the attack on the stage, and the form
er's nervous appearance was noted by
several persons. He purchased a bottle
of wine and they returned to the cabin,
where Murphy evidently plied his
GENERAL ALGER'S
PARTY GETS LOST
Transport Ingalls Goes
Astray.
LATE ARRIVAL AT HAVANA
NAVIGATING OFFICER LOSES
HIS BEARINGS.
While American Officers Are Cruising
Out to Meet the Secretary, His
Vessel Sails Almost to
Mantanzas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA. March 26. — Secretary
Alger and his party arrived here this
afternoon on the United States
transport Ingalls, after having lost
their way at sea for several
hours. It seems that the Inealls
was m:':ing very good time yes
terday and was likely to make Havana
last night if she kept on a straight
course. General Alger suggested wait
ing a while at Key West and leaving
there in time to reach Havana at 9
o'clock this morning. The Inealls put
into Key West, and General Aleer
wired C-neral Brooke to expect him
about 9 o'clock to-day.
The Ingalls left Key West at 11
o'clocl: last night, and the whole party
was up for an early breakfast this
morning, after which all went on deck
to wait for El Morro to loom up. Nine
o'clock came, but there was no sign of
the castle. General Alger, getting a
little impatient, sent to the pilot house
to inquire when Havan;. would be
reached. The reply was. "In about an
hour." An hour and a half passed with
the Cuban coast on the left and Ha
vana was still unsighted. Toward
noon the roofs of a city could be made
out, and General Alger, calling for a
glass, took a close look.
•Why that is Matanzas," he said,
and just then the Ingallfe began to
turn around. The navigating officer
was all out in his calculations. He
thought he was west of Havana m
-8 Meanwhile Generals Brooke. Ludlow,
Lee Bates, Wilson and Harbrouch.
with their staffs, had risen early,
boarded a tug and had been cruising
outside the harbor waiting for the In
galls All the officers were in heavy
blue Cloth in honor of the Secretary of.
War. having la " aside their khaki
duck and flannel. The generals kept
in and out -intil noon, then took
luncheon at a cheap water-side restau
rant " returned to their cruise, going
outside the harbor for another look. At
3 o'clock they saw the smoke of a
steamer going down the coast, but as
it was in the direction opposite to that
from which they expected the Ingalls
they had no Suspicion that it was the
transport, and therefore returned to
La Ma china wharf.
But the Ingalls it was. and in due
time she entered the harbor, but with
out the arrangod reception. Shortly
after hmvfver, the generals went on
board and had a brief conference with
the Secretary, who arranged to meet
them again to-morrow morning at the
Hotel Trocha, Governor General
Brooke's headquarters at El Vedado.
General Aleer did not land, saying
that he preferred to remain on board
the transport. He expects to stay here
two days at least and he may go to
Plnar del Rio. The Tip to Clenfuegos
will be made overland, the transport
poing around the west end of the
Island so as to be able to take the
Secretary from Clenfuegos to Santiago.
General Alger says his trip is partly
for rest and partly for purposes of in
spection. He desires to get informa
tion at first hand with regard to Cuban
affairs and administration.
SHOOTS HIS WIFE ,
AND COMMITS SUICIDE
Jealousy the Cause of a Double
Tragedy in a Pennsylvania
Town.
PITTSBURG. March 26.— At McKees
port to-day Frederick T. Clark shot and
fatally wounded his wife at the home of
his mother-in-law, Mrs. Richard Moyle,
and then killed himself. Mrs. Clark re
cently applied for a divorce because of
Clark's alleged neglect. He had made
threats several times, saying to his wife:
••If we cannot live together we shall die j
°Tnis e morning he went to church with
one of his children. In the afternoon he
went to his wife's room and shot her.
When Mrs. Moyle rushed into the room
she wns met by (.'lark, who fired at her, i
but missed. Clark then went to his own
room and after drinking the contents of
a bottle of laudanum put two bullets into
his breast. Before the murderer died he
"I wish I had shot Thomas before I
Thomas is a clerk in Mrs. Clark's fa
ther's store, whom Clark accused, with
out any apparent reason, of ruining his
life.
The Clarks come of good families.
One Death From Smallpox.
LOS ANGELES, March 26.— Two new
cases of smallpox were found in this city
to-day and one death from the disease oc
curred at the Pesthoufle-
weak-minded and apparently unwilling
partner with the liquor until Westfall
was in a condition to be easily per
suaded. Then they went to the scene of
the attempted robbery, which Westfall
says they had previously selected.
Westfall made a statement last night
in which he said Murphy wanted him
to join in a hold-up of the Milton stage
about two weeks ago, but he refused.
Since then Murphy has been continual
ly at him to commit the crime which
MAY TAKE CHARGE
OF THE RAILWAYS
Government Ownership
in Japan.
PROPOSITION FINDS FAVOR
COMMISSION INVESTIGATES ITS
FEASIBILITY.
Japanese House of Representatives
Considering a Bill Granting
Subsidies to Steam
ships.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORT TOWNSEND, March 26.— Late
Japanese advices state that the Japan
ese Government is seriously contem
plating the nationalization of railways.
A commission recently appointed to in
vestigate the subject met at Yokohama
on March 6.
A bill has been introduced in the Jap
anese House of Representatives grant
ing special navigation subsidies for a
period of ten years to steamship lines
plying between Japan, Europe, Seattle
and San Francisco. The European line
is to receive annually 2,673,894 yen, the
Seattle line 654,030 yen, the San Fran
cisco line 1,013,880 yen. The conditions
of the subsidies are that there be
twelve steamers of more than 6000 tons,
having a maximum speed of over four
teen knots for the European line; three
steamers of more than 6000 tons gross
maximum, speed seventeen knots for
the San Francisco line, and three
steamers of more than 6000 tons gross
for the Seattle line and speed of fifteen
knots. The steamers for Europe must
sail twenty-six times a year, for San
Francisco fourteen times and for Se
attle thirteen times.
A tea inspecting house has been es
tablished in Yokohama for the purpose
of thoroughly inspecting all teas be
fore being shipped out of the country.
By royal decree the Empress Dowager
of China has restored to Jung Lv,
Grand Secretary, all his honors. Che
Hsu. formerly president of the Board
i,-f < 'eremonies, who was degraded three
steps, has been given his former rank.
Sung Kuang, Controller of Household,
has been restored to favor and all his
honors and titles handed back to him,
and Wai Teh, the Censor, is now per
mitted to wear his peacock feather.
These restorations were unexpected,
and are causing much comment in Chi
nese political circles.
Strenuous efforts are being put forth
for the suppression of piracy on the
Canton and West rivers, which of late
has grown to immense proportions.
The Viceroy has sent several old Ger
man sixteen-knot torpedo boats to
West River for the protection of ship
ping, and has threatened the captains
of guard boats with degradation on
account of their lack of vigilance.
A strike of coolies employed in coal
ing vessels at Moji. Japan, is causing
much inconvenience to shipping, and
a large number of steamers are now
anchored In that port awaiting the end
of the strike so they can take on coal.
The strike was the result of an attempt
to reduce wages.
COMTE CHAUDERDY
CALLED BY DEATH
Passing of the Noted French Dip
lomatist and Writer at
Paris.
PARIS, March 26.— Comte Alexandra j
Damaze de Chauderdy, the celebrated
French diplomatist, died to-day.
Comte Chauderdy, who was born In 1526,
entered diplomacy In ISSI as an attache of
the French embassy in Rome. Five years
later he was appointed secretary of the
embassy. He held similar posts in the
six years which followed, at Weimar, j
Madrid, Copenhagen and Carlsruhe, in |
the order named, after which he entered i
the French Cabinet in 1862 as Under Sec
retary. In 1868 he went as French Min
ister Plenipotentiary to Madrid.
Three years later, as a representative I
of the French Foreign Office, he publish- j
ed a series of remarkable circulars in re- i
sponse to notes addressed to the powers
by Bismarck, refuting the accusations of I
the Federal Chancellor respecting alleged
violations by France of the Geneva con
vention. He protested at the same time i
with great energy against the excesses
committed In France by the German
troops.
After two years in the Chamber of
Deputies as a representative of Lot-et-
Garonne. He was appointed French Em
bassador to the Swiss Confederation, be
ing transferred about nine months later |
to Madrid. In ISSI M. Gambetta nomi- |
nated him French Embassador to Russia, j
but he did not have time to proceed to
St Petersburg before the Gambetta Mm- !
istry fell. . '
Comte Chauderdy was made a' com
mander of the Legion of Honor in 1876.
He published several works, among them
"The Political Status of the French Na
tion " "France Following the War of
1870-71" and "France in 1578."
«■
Suicide on an Ocean Liner.
NEW YORK. March 26.— William Scott, |
a corn merchant of Liverpool, England, j
50 years of age, committed suicide on the j
steamer T'mbria while she was en route
'to this country. He was found on the
morning of March 24 in his stateroom with
his throat cut. He had inflicted the
wound with a broken bpttle. J
ended so disastrously to them. West
fall was in trouble over the stealing of
a case of whisky while teaming for a
grocer last year. He was as clay in
Murphy's hands, and is undoubtedly
feeble-minded. He grins in an idiotic
manner when addressed.
Boths youths are held under $5000
bonds. Murphy will probably die, as
two ribs were practically shot out and
he is internally injured. He was re
moved to the County Hospital to-day.
ADMIRAL SAMPSON
IS DULY HONORED
Salutes Are Fired at
Santiago.
MORRO CASTLE IS VISITED
INSPECTION OF THE FORT THE
OFFICER BOMBARDED.
With His Squadron the Rear Admiral
Then Proceeds to Kingston,
Where Great Enthusiasm
Is Shown.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. March 26.—
The United States cruiser New
York and the gunboats Vicks
burg and Annapolis arrived here
this morning. Rear Admiral Sampson,
accompanied by Captain F. E. Chad
wick of the cruiser, called upon Major
General JLeonard Wood, the military
Governor, a salute being fired in honor
of the admiral. This afternoon General
Wood returned the visit. There were
further complimentary salutes, and
the war ships left this evening for
Kingston, Jamaica.
During the day Admiral Sampson vis
ited Morro Castle, never having ex
plored the interior before. With regard
to the discovery of the remains of a
Spanish officer in an armchair on the
beach west of Morro, the admiral ex
pressed his opinion that they were cer
tainly the remains of Admiral Villami!.
Five more bandits have been cap
tured and two others killed. The cit
izens express satisfaction at the cap
ture of Mattamoras and Trucen, well
known brigands, and it is thought that
with their capture the backbone of
brigandage in this district is broken.
General Wood's March estimate has
finally been approved by the authori
ties at Havana, and consequently those
who have been unemployed are able to
resume work, relieving the strain.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, March 26.—
Rear Admiral Sampson's squadron ar
rived here to-day from Santiago de
Cuba. Crowds gathered along the
shores, cheating enthusiastically, and
all the shipping in the harbor was be
fiagged. The various public buildings
were decorated with the entwined
union jack and stars and stripes.
Guards of honor have been ordered to
receive the American admiral to-mor
row. A long series of entertainments
for the officers of the squadron is being
arranged, and the Governor's and
naval annual receptions have been
postponed in order to fall within the
period of Admiral Sampson's stay.
PRESIDENT MAY NAME
A SECOND ADMIRAL
Mistake of Congress Gives Him the
Authority to Promote Another
Naval Officer.
NEW YORK, March 26.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the fol
lowing: Unwittingly Congress, just be
fore its adjournment, gave President Mc-
Klnley authority to appoint two admirals
of the navy Instead of limiting the grade
to one, as it undoubtedly Intended. Presi
dent McKinley approved on March 2 "an
act creating the office of admiral of the
navy " providing "that the President is
hereby authorized to appoint by selec
tion and promotion an admiral of the
navy."
A certified copy of the act was present
ed to Secretary I^ng by the State De
partment and the former immediately
made out the nomination of George
Dewey to be admiral. The nomination
was confirmed by the Senate on March 3.
Notwithstanding the Prfsident had ap
pointed an officer to be "an admiral of
the navy," as provided for in the act,
Congress passed the navy appropriation
bill, which was approved lato on the leg
islative day of March 3, containing a pro
vision identical in language with the act
und.T which Admiral Dewey had been
appointed and confirmed.
It has been pointed out that the provi
sion, like the act, provided for the ap
pointment of an officer to he an admiral
"by seLection and promotion."
WHITE LADS SLAY NEGROES.
Two Colored Boys Killed by Em
ployes of a Cotton Factory.
CHARLESTON, B. C, March 26.— John
Webb and "Will Toney, negro boys. IS
years of age, were killed and two of their
companions seriously wounded at Edge
field by four white employes of the Edge
field Cotton Factory. Two of the mur
derers are mere boys, probably not over
16 years old. About thirteen shots were
fired. It isTiifficult to fix the motive for
the crime, but it is supposed the shots
which killed the negroes were intended
for others.
Ends His Life While Insane.
CINCINNATI, March 26.— Ahram Mnsps,
Natchez. Miss., died in the Jewish Hos
pital to-night of a self-inflicted pistol shot
j wound. He came here several weeks ago
with a deranged mind and was taken to
the Jewish Hospital. From there he es
caped by night and jmped from the sus
pension bridge into the river, but was res
cued unscathed. A second time he es
i caped from the hospital and on the sus
j pension bridge shot himself in the head.
In Natchez he was a cotton broker and
banker and president of the street rail
road company and the electric light com-
GEORGE BIDWELL
FOUND DEAD IN
A BUTTE HOTEL
Bank of England Forger Sur
vives His Brother but a
Few Days.
BUTTE, Mont.. March 26.— George
Bidwell and Austin Bidwell of Bank of
England forgery fame, came here about
a month ago. On March 7 Austin Bid
well, the younger of the two brothers,
died of griD in his room in the Mantle
block. The body has been in charge of
an undertaker ever since, awaiting ad
vices from relatives. A few days ago
George Bidwell took to his bed with a
severe cold which developed rapidly
into pneumonia. Some time during last
night he died in his room in the Butte
Hotel. Xo one was with him at the
time, as he had told his attendant he
needed nobody. He was found dead
when his room was opened this morn
ing.
The famous Bank of England forger
ies were committed in 1573. The Bid
wells, by means of forged securities,
got $5,000,000 from the Bank of Eng
land. Previously they had victimized
other European concerns by means of
forged letters of credit. It was their
intention to obtain $50,000,000 by fraud
and then compromise with the bank.
Austin Bidwell succeeded in disposing
of $50,000 in stolen bonds on a commis
sion in London. Success in this ven
ture emboldened him to attempt a
greater crime. The story of the affair
is told in BidwelTs reminiscences as fol
lows:
Finding myself in London in 1572 with
a very clever partner and about $100.m)0
in our pockets, we resolved to tackle the
Bank of England, believing that the lisht
nlng ought to strike where the balances
are heavy. We figured the matter out to
our satisfaction that the Bank was a fos
sil institution and specially open to at
tack if one had that very rare combina
MR. M'KINLEY SPENDS
A RESTFUL SUNDAY
Presidential Party Will Start on the
Betuxn to Washington This
Afternoon.
THOMASVILLE Ga., March 26.— Presi- j
dent McKinley spent a restful Sunday, at
tending to no business save a few ar- i
rangt-ments for the return trip to Wash
ington to-morrow afternoon and listening
to what Postmaster General Smith had to
say of his observation of conditions in
Cuba. The weather was very warm, the ,
thermometer registering S5 degrees, but
a breeze was Mi > wins.
The President and Miss Hanna were
driven to the Methodist Church for the (
noon service. The church was filled and
the President, on coming out, smilingly
returned the salutation of many of the i
congregation. In the afternoon he, with:
other members of the household, went >
driving and later received Postmaster
General Smith, who reached here on a
special car from Tampa and will journey
north with the President to-morrow. He
was driven direct from the station to feen
ator Hanna's home, stopping long enough
to say to an Associated Press reporter I
that his views on Cuban affairs had been
fully stated in an Interview sent by the |
Associated Press just before he left Ha- i
vana. The Presidential party will leave
here late to-morrow afternoon and reach
Washington after the close of office hours
vice President Hobart has decided to ~o j
north with the President. He has not been
feeling as well the last three or four days
as during the early part of his visit and
believes a cooler and more bracing climate
will prove beneficial. His attack of grip
last winter was very severe, and it will
take time and the best of care to rid his
system of its effects. He caught a fresh
cold Wednesday night and this, with some
stomach trouble, made it necessary for
him to keep quiet and observe h.s doc- ,
to?s directions. He has been able to I
move about the house, however, and this!
afternoon was feeling slightly better.
STEALS HIS CHILD
FROM ITS HOTHER
Chicago Man Abducts a Babe After
His Wife Had Left His
Roof.
ZANESVILLE. Ohio. March 26.—WH
liam I. Reitz of Chicago, general Western
agent for an importing firm, came to
Zanesville to-day and forcibly carried off
"KID" McCOY MAY
NEVER FIGHT AGAIN
KID" McCOT. the famous fighter, may never enter a ring contest again.
Up "has made tho startling announcement that he will temporarily re
tire from the fighting business. In the face of the many engagements
that have been booked for him this news will have a chilling effect
on hi? many admirers.
His decision Is due to an examination made by an Eastern physician yes
terday in whose diagnosis McCoy has seen fit to place implicit confidence.
The fact that the pugilist who is fast climbing to the highest notch in his
calling is about to take a rest comes as much a surprise to him as to the
world Yesterday he met his medical friend, who stated to the fighter that
he had witnessed his recent San Francisco battle as well as his New "iork
fight with Sharkey and had become convinced that McCoy was in bad condi
tion physically. He urged that he be permitted to make a thorough exami
nation, and this request being granted the two retired to a room in the Occi
dental' Hotel, where the diagnosis was made.
Hardly had the doctor commenced when he perceived signs of heart fail
ure and advised that McCoy take a vacation in the mountains and a rest,
free from any physical exertion. McCoy accepted the advice and the an
nouncement was a "genuine shock to his friends when he returned to them a
little while later. , _. ,
McCoy will cancel his engagement with Tommie Ryan and Sharkey.
Al«o dates which he has made for exhibitions. The day for his departure
from the city is not stated, but he says it will be soon and that he will re
main in the northern part of the State at least four months.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____________
> *<s>#^# < s > *4 > *<s>#<s>#<^*^#<B>*^
WEJllf IM£\l YOUNG
WCfIU fMENi OR OLD,
jS^^^^ Suffering from Drains, Losses, Weak Back,
><^si^jw£fegv varicocele, etc., I say to you, as man to man,
tt&f ilJl>fl\ as physician to patient, DRUGS NEVER
nil H CURE. Why not use nature's own simple
v^k9 FLECTRICITY
V£jß ELECTRICITY,
W^^^^^^h^ -^^ With my El?ctric Belt and Su PP ortln 8 Sus *
s-^. cn = ;or V> 1 cured five thousand last year.
B^^^^^^ B o« k ""THREE CLASSES OF MEN,'' ex-
fflf&Zimi yW^^^P |alnin 2 all » sent sealed, free, upon request;
(J^^^^^^^^^^^^^or, if you live near by drop in and COnSult me,
dr. m, a. Mclaughlin, send fok my book
of^'south^'roaTway. ZZflla&mi "THREE CLASSES OF MEN."
Office hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays, IT IS MAILED FREE-
-10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
tion outside of the law of capital, deter
mination and financial knowledge. I de
termined to so to the front myself. With
in a few days I not only had an account
opened with thp bank, but a fairly good
credit established, and all this under a
fictitious name. Within a few months I
had borrowed nearly $5,000,000 from the
bank on collateral and printed my own
collateral.
I left England, believing the world was
mine, and settled down in the West In
dies. I settled my scheme in life and set
out to enjoy myself . not in an intemperate
way. I had no fear of the English police.
as I knew th*> English have an ordinate
idea of the ability of their own police, and
I never counted" on their employing the
Ann rican ftoliee after their own had failed
to locate me. Unluckily for myself, I was
mistaken. John Bull had his back up and
determined to have me in his clutches, no
matter what it cost: so after the English
police failed. to find me the bank employed
the Pinkertons. with orders to spare no
expense. The Pinkertnns put twenty of
the best men on the case and soon let day
lipht into the whole matter.
In the end I was arrested in my own
house, taken to London and faced an
English Jury In the famous old Bailey
court. Of course. I was perfectly willing
to pay justice her due. and felt that I had
no right to protest, if I should receive a
sentence of even ten or fifteen years, but
when the Judge, Lord Archibald, hurled
a sentence of imprisonment for life at me
I fdt that justice was weighing me in her
balance with pretty" good effect. Now. in
England a life sentence means life with a
big L. >>ut I thought that anything would
be possible if I only had courage to en
dure. I resolved I would endure the pel.t
inss of the pitiless storm I knew was
ahead nf me. This I did with more or less
fortitude for over twenty years. I never
lost my faith that there was corn and
wine in Egypt for me still.
George Bidwell was caught In France
and Austin Bldwell in Cuba. They were
tried and siven life sentences with their
two confederates. After twenty years
they were released.
his eldest son. William, aged VA years.
Reitz was married here three years ago
to Miss Mayme Gebest. daughter of Pro
fessor G. E". Gebest. They went to Chi
cago to live. Mrs. Reitz claimed her hus
band failed to provide for her and last
week came to her home in this city,
bringing her two children.
Reitz arrived here to-day, and on going
to the Gebest home was refused admit
tance by his wife. He broke in the door
and, seizing his child, escaped. The po
lice have been unable to find either Reitz
or the child.
Latonia's Classic Events.
CINCINNATI, March 26.— Secretary
Hopper announces that declarations in
the Latonia Derby. Hlmyar and Oaks for
re clue on April 12. The declaration
ft-.- in the derby is $30; in the Himyar and
( laks $20 each. All wishing to declare out
must do so by April Ist.
Kipling's Improvement.
NEW YORK, Marach 26.— The condition
of Rudyard Kipling:, who was reported to
have suffered a slight relapse a few days
ago. is again imrroving and he is better
than at any time since his illness began.
A DRUNKEN MAN'S
SKULL FRACTURED
HE FALLS DOWN A STEEP STAIR
WAY.
Recovers Consciousness at the Re
ceiving Hospital Long Enough
to Tell His Name.
A man was brought to the Harbor Hos
pital yesterday afternoon from the corner
of Pacific street and Bartlett alley. He
was intoxicated and attempting to ascend
the steep stairway of a Chinese house,
fell to the sidewalk, where he lay help
less till the arrival of the ambulance. At
the hospital it was found that his skull
was fractured and he was unconscious
from his injury. During the evening he
recovered his senses for a moment and
told the physician that his name was Ru
dolph Howard. He quickly passed into
unconsciousness and nothing more could
be learned concerning him. Nothing is
known of him where he was found, and it
is probable that he is a stranger in the
neighborhood. He is about 35 years old
and a laborer, judging from his appear
ance. At a late hour he was alive, but
there is little hope of his recovery.
34
MONDAY MARCH 27, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St».. S. F-'
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage: ;
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year f6.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). « months 3.00 |
DAILY CALL (including Sunday, Call), 8 months 1.80
DAILY CALL— By Single Month G3e
BU.VDAY CALL One Year 1.80
WEEKLY CALL. Ona Year... 1 -°°
All postmasters arc authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW .YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advorttainft Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6B, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKin street, open until 9:30 o'clock- (
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission 6treet, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- »505 Polk street, open ,
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Rob Roy."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar — "Nerves."
Tivoli "Tho Bohemian Girl."
Alhambra— "Saved From the Flames."
Granii Opera House— The Southwell Opera Company. -Sat
urday evening, April 1.
Chutes, Zoo and Free Theater- Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Kills streets. Specialties.
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday. March 27, at II o'clock
m.. at 14 Mi;-. Ertate.
Uy East , sd&y. March. 28. at 12 m..
Market street, Ren! Knn I.'.1 .'.
THE FIGHTING IN THE PHILIPPINE.
rROM ".ate reports it appears the American
force? at Manila have determined upon taking
a vigorous course against the insurgents, so as
to put an end to the disturbances in the island of
Luzon and breaking the power of Aguinaldo. Such
at any rate seems to have been the intent of the ad
vance movement which began on Saturday and
brought on the heaviest fighting which has thus far
occurred during the campaign.
Judging of the situation from this distance, it ap
pears that such a course is the wisest that can be
pursued. The longer the insurgents can harass and
insult our lines and escape with comparative im
punity the more cunning will they become in the
work, and the more dangerous. Moreover, the sum
mer is coming on, bringing about the season when
under the heats of an equatorial sun and amid the
jungles of the tropics an aggressive campaign on the
part of unacclimated troops will be almost impossible.
Very little glory is to be won from the contest,
and yet it will be one that will try both the courage
and the stamina of our soldiers to the utmost. The
course of the fighting thus far has shown what the
tactics of the enemy are to be, and what difficulties
are to be overcome. The Filipinos, it is said, never
except at Malabon permitted the Americans to get
near them or in sight of them. They would fire a few
volleys from ambush, and then scuttle back to an
u;her cover, repeating the tactics for miles. When
oar troops had taken possession of the first position
of the insurgents it was found that many of the ;
trenches had gullies and connecting paths through ;
the cane and brush enabling the insurgents to ad
vance or retreat unseen.
In the victory accomplished on Saturday against !
these obstacles there was displayed every quality j
that makes the American soldier honored at home
and feared abroad. To drive the insurgents from
their entrenchments the Americans had to make a
long advance across open ground, in the face of a
heavy fire, penetrate jungles, cross swamps, swim
rivers, attack fortified posts and pursue an unseen
enemy that fought and fled with an incessant activity.
The aim of the Americans is of course to drive the
Filipinos from their coverts around Manila back to
the wildest recesses of the islands where they may
seek refuge, and then and there strike a blow which,
by crushing the insurrection in Luzon, will dis
courage the leaders in other islands and thus pre
pare the way for a speed)' establishment throughout
the archipelago of a degree of order such as they
have never known before in all their history.
What has been accomplished by the valor of our
troops will be regarded with a true patriotic appre
ciation by the country at large, and yet as the dreary
roll increases that gives the names of those brave
and loyal young Americans who have perished in
battle or in the hospitals, from wounds or from the
pestilential vapors of the swamps and jungles, the
common-sense of the nation will consider more seri
ously than ever whether it is worth while to sacrifice
so many valuable lives for the sake of the sentimental
glory of an imperial policy.
A New York writer sneers at those other writers
who allude to burned hotels as "fire traps," and says
they should have done this in advance of the con
flagration. Unfortunately the newspaper reporter is
not blessed with the gift of prophecy, nor does he
have power to look through a brick wall and discern
that it is merely a veneer for a framework of lath.
However, the Baldwin, late of this city and now of
not blessed memory, had been declared so often to
be a firetrap that 'knowledge of its condition ceased to
interest anybody until the match was applied to the
stiucture.
■ Guests at a recent dinner in New York are said to
have represented two billions and a half of dollars,
and there were fewer of them than might constitute
a grangers' picnic. There was also more dyspepsia
about that board than would be found at the other
gathering.
Many raw soldiers are in the city now. and some
good Samaritan ought to send emissaries to the Bar
bary Coast to warn the strangers against the knock
out drops and the Chinese gin. These agencies
brought many of last summer's volunteers to grief.
Governor Roosevelt probably made his few brief re
marks under oath with full knowledge that the War
Department would have been pleased to have him
say something else. At times, when truth seems to
require it, Roosevelt is actually inconsiderate.
Cosper explains that he went into the Burns camp
so as to break the deadlock. Evidently, however, he
had failed to provide himself with the combination.
Water-front politics operate swiftly enough to sur
prise any new Governor.
INTELLECTUAL DEMOCRACY.
THE anniversary address before the faculty and
the students at the State University, delivered
at Berkeley on Thursday last by President Har
per of the Chicago University, was a thoughtful,
scholarly and earnest exposition of the historical re
lation of university training to the development of
man. He traced that relation back to its origin and
through its successive phases down to the present
century, and enforced with great power the central
thought of his address, that the university had been
the source of that democracy rapidly pervading the
world, which he justly pronounced "the highest ideal
of human achievement; the only possibility of a true
n.itional life."
It was not within President Harper's purpose to
discuss the fundamental cause of the controlling part
taken by the universities in human progress. He
proved and illustrated the fact with a definiteness and
with a completeness that could not be surpassed. But
underlying the fact is one ol the imperishable truths
that demonstrates the falsity of pessimism and ex
plains the growth of civilization. The freest thing on
the earth is intellect. It may be restrained, warped or
hampered in its expression, but it cannot be per
manently suppressed. From the beginning of history
under all forms of government intellectual power has
constantly wrought for liberty, or, more precisely, for
the democracy meant by President Harper, which is
simply liberty voluntarily restrained for the common
good at the point where otherwise it would degener
ate into license.
In both ancient and modern times this democracy
of intellect has been the undying foe of despotism and
of corruption. It is for this reason that despotism
and corruption within themselves or within the range
of their operation and influence contain the seeds of
their own destruction. Mind is too restless and too
aspiring to work in chains. It may imitate servility
and apparently submit to the humiliation of purchase,
but it will not stay bought. This is why even in our
own country low politics submerges intelligence and
the debauchees of party, while they control, reduce
the standard of officialism to their own level. This
incontrovertible truth was strikingly illustrated during
the recent Senatorial deadlock in this State.
Universities originate in the aspirations of intellect,
and are points for its concentration, its discipline, its
training and its effective struggles for emancipation.
The Egyptian priests lived above the ignorance of the
people and modified the tyranny of the Pharoahs. The
schools of Athens set loose on the globe the forces
of independent thought that blended with the Deistic
fervor of the Hebrews, leavened the hard rationalism
cf Rome and dug channels for the fraternity of the
Christian era. This combined inheritance descended
to the universities of Europe, which indeed it largely
created, and filled them through the darkest ages with
embalmed karning and with struggling thought.
Thus was the world prepared for the intense move
ments of the Middle Ages, which in modern times, and
especially in this century, have carried man forward
toward the perception and the enforcement of his own
sovereignty.
It was on this continent and through the painful
gestation, birth and growth of this Republic that the
democracy of intellect at last burst into the full splen
dor of constitutional liberty and threw off every'
shackle of bigotry and of tyranny. It is in this country
therefore that the university shouM reach its highest
and its most democratic influence and power. From
the Atlantic to the Pacific in magnificent institutions,
exemplified at Chicago, at Palo Alto, at Berkeley, the
grandest standards of citizenship and of manhood
have been raised, and such men as Jordan, Harper
and Kellogg, wi*h their associates, some of them
equally conspicuous, are training young men who are
to grasp the opportunities and the problems of the
Twentieth Century, into the practical comprehension
of that Americanism which includes all that is best for
humanity in the past, the present and the future, and
which, unless enervated by internal disease or stifled
within the armor of revived imperialism, will fulfill the
loftiest anticipations of manifest destiny.
A FEW SIGNS IN THE SKY.
TRADE conditions are conflicting and per
plexing at the moment. For several weeks the
leading commercial and financial authorities of
the Government and Wall street have been calling at
tention to the gradual change which is taking place
in the relative positions of the export and import
movements of the country. They have pointed out
that whereas for a year or two our exports have
greatly overbalanced our imports, thereby establish
ing an immense trade balance in favor of the United
States, this condition is now being reversed and the
imports and exports are coming closer together.
Our exports are not materially smaller, but our im
ports are rapidly increasing, and it is feared they will
soon overtake the exports, thus destroying that
boasted balance of trade in our favor. This new
phase of business is not considered alarming, but is
thought to be due to the fact that our unprecedented
prosperity has made us extravagant in the direction
of buying a lot of luxuries from Europe, which has
swelled the national imports. The leading financiers
have been looking askance at this turning of the
tables and wondering how it will turn out.
But in the very face of all this comes the record
of an enormous increase in general trade throughout
the country. The bank clearings last week showed
a clear gain of 73.4 per cent over the same week last
year, the increase at New York being 100.6 per cent,
at Baltimore 129.2 per cent, and so on. These figures
are simply amazing, and as far as the clearings are
an indication of the state of trade there is a remark
able gain in business throughout the whole country.
This condition completely nullifies the unfavorable
aspect of the increase in imports and tends to be
fuddle those clearsighted financiers from whom we
take our cue in our business ventures.
Wall street spent the major portion of the week
pondering over the contradictory conditions con
tained in the above two paragraphs and guessed at
all sorts of explanations without definite results. A
hardening and subsequent softening of the money
market added to the general obfuscation, but the
latter factor proved dominant, the bulls regained
courage and the week closed buoyant at stronger
prices.
From our distant point of view the situation seems
clear enough. Our great prosperity has made us
flush and we are purchasing heavily abroad. Whether
we will overdo it remains to be seen. Certainly our
commerce, domestic and foreign, is immense and
shows no signs of diminution. The leading staples
show no particular change from previous conditions,
except a weakening in the minor metals, due to a re
action in London speculation. The iron and steel
trades continue to report mills overcrowded with
orders. Raw cotton and wool are weaker, wheat; has
been firmer during the past few days and lumber con
tinues to advance. Otherwise the general situation is
without feature.
In the local market, however, there are two new
features of great interest. One is the remarkable
rain, which has effectually laid the dry season specter
and practically assured one of the heaviest harvests
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1599.
in the history of the State. The other is the sudden
activity in the higher levels of commerce. Whether
our conquests in the Orient have had anything to do
with it is a question, but certainly San Francisco is
on the eve of broad and profitable expansion as a
commercial center. New trans-Pacific steamer lines I
are being established, new overland rail connections
being made, and there are rumors of vast financial
operations of a foreign character in the near future.
The destiny so long promised San Francisco as one j
of the half dozen conspicuous ports of the world i
seems on the point of realization. It now begins to j
look as if we are really one of the great gateways of
the world. It is significant in this connection that
finance and not commerce, money and not goods, is
the mainspring of this new expansion. Capital from
all over the world has during the past few months
marked San Francisco as a seat of interoceanic
operations, and the profound observer sees in the
developments of to-day the beginning of that em
pire which will make San Francisco the great
entrepot of the Orient. The start has at last been
made, and from now on our progress will be rapid.
The signs are in the sky.
DEFECT IN REFORM LOGIC.
THE remarks of a morning contemporary con
cerning the Rickard bill, which provides for the
arrangement of party tickets separately upon the
official ballot, would perhaps apply if the Stratton pri
mary law had not been passed. The latter statute pro
poses to purify the very fountainhead of the electoral
system. If the people attend primary elections and
vote, every nominating convention hereafter assem
bled will be thoroughly representative; that is, it
will be composed of delegates selected by the people
themselves. Such being the case, what sense is there
in allowing "side shows," non-partisan committees
and "piece" clubs the privilege of foisting upon ballots
a large number of names designed -merely to take
votes away from the people's candidates?
The newspaper to whose criticisms we are now di
recting attention advocated the enactment of the Strat
ton primary law with warmth and vigor. To the best of
our recollection it claimed that in the event of its
becoming a law the bosses would be speedily over
thrown and the people placed in control of the nomi
nating machinery of all political parties.
We doubt whether these anticipations will be
realized, but if there is any foundation for the Strat
ton primary law at all there is no foundation for the
adverse criticism which is now being heaped upon the
Rickard bill. Nearly every citizen is either a Repub
lican or a Democrat. The few Populists, Non-Par
tisans, soreheads and anarchists who exist cut little or
no figure at national elections. The Republicans and
Democrats run the country because they outnumber
all other partisans ten or fifteen to one. If, there
fore, the new primary law is going to produce pure
conventions, thoroughly representative of these two
party organizations, why should the names of candi
dates appear upon the Australian ballot alphabetically
instead of in party columns?
We think, moreover, that the alphabetical system is
a delusion and snare. A number of first-class can
didates have been defeated in this city for School Di
rectors and Freeholders for no other reason than that
th.cir names commenced with T and W. The party
column system is better than the alphabetical system,
and with the new primary law in force we think all
objection to the Rickard bill is obviated. If this is
not true a screw is loose in somebody's logic, or,
what is worse, the Stratton law is a device of the
bosses to appease the public desire for electoral re
form, under which they will conquer the people and
dictate the character of their office-holders.
A CLfllM ON HUMANITY.
WITH the return of sunshine after the rain the
inmates of the Pesthouse will have relief from
the discomfort of the storm. The pools of
water that, dripping from the leaking roof formed in
almost every apartment of the building, can now be
mopped away and the home of the patients made
once more comparatively dry and warm.
Such relief as nature has thus given does not in
any way, however, relieve the city and its people
from the claim which the pest-stricken patients have
upon them. The issue is one of justice as well as of
charity. Indeed, it appeals in the name of every
law to which humanity recognizes its responsibility.
The victims of pestilential diseases are not crimi
nals, and yet for its own protection society must
shut them away as carefully as it shuts away the
most hardened felon. It is, therefore, incumbent
upon society to make the exclusion of the afflicted
sufferer as comfortable as possible. The Pesthouse
should be an asylum and not a dungeon. It should
be light and airy and warm, and not gloomy and
dank and cold. It should manifest helpfulness and
not punishment — the love and not the wrath of so
ciety.
While neither our law nor our religion regards
the pest-stricken victim as an offender against either
man or God, yet in this city he is treated worse than
any criminal. Our jail is better in every way than
• the home we provide for such a victim and to which
our law sentences him as soon as his malady is dis
covered.
A dilapidated structure, carelessly built for tem
porary use years ago and now fallen into decay, so
weak that its walls cannot stand without the support
of props and so badly roofed that the rains penetrate
every room — such a building if used by the Russians
to house sick convicts would rouse the indignation
of every one who read of it. What, then, shall we say
of it when used by the people of an American com
munity to shelter those whose only offending is pov
erty and affliction?
The wrong has been possible in San Francisco only
because it has not been known. It is one of the evils
that proceed from want of thought rather than want
of heart. Its isolation prevented the general public
from noting its condition, and the exclusion o
visitors from plague-stricken halls forbade even
charity from seeking it out.
Only when the recent rains beat upon the city
bringing so much of cheer and gladness to the com
munity at large, the sad plight of the inmates of the
house led one of them to appeal to The Call. The re
sult was the investigation which disclosed the facts we
have laid before the public. Hereafter there remains
for our officials not even the poor excuse of ignor
ance concerning the degree of the wrong.
Whatever work of reform and improvement may
have to be set aside to make way for it, the construc
tion of a new and better Pesthouse is now the im
mediate duty of the city.
Advocates of universal peace want an immediate
armistice declared in the Philippines. They better
put a white rag on a pole and tell Aguinaldo how they
feel.
San Francisco ought to be proud. It has managed
to pay its teachers part of the sum swiped from
them. '
If. the Burns touts are forced to join the army of
unemployed there is danger of a new Coxey.
4
NEWS OF THE MINES.
The biggest quartz mining development '
in California during the current year will
undoubtedly be that at the Melones mine !
in Calaveras County, in which a great ore
reserve is to be rapidly developed further ;
by a 4000-foot tunnel, etc., and at which is i
to be erected ' the largest and best
equipped stamp mill in the State. This is
the result of the energetic exploitation of
the property by W. C. Ralston, who has
pushed development work for three years
and who has Just secured abundant East
ern capital for the large operations men
tioned.
The Melones will for many future years
be one of the notable mines of the
mother lode. It will Le notable not only
on account of the scale on which It Is
operated, the initial plant to consist of 120
stamps, but as an example of the work
ins of great bodies of low grade ore. The j
property consists of seven claims on Car
son Hill, near Robinson's Ferry on the
Stanislaus River. They include the Me
lones, Reserve and Enterprise mines, j
There are 1407 feet on the east vein of the j
mother lode, and 5166 feet on the middle j
vein. These properties are characterized '
by great bodies of low grade ore. The !
vein on Carson Hill is in place 3 100 feet j
wide. In past years considerable devel- ;
opment work had been done and more or i
less ore milled from the Melones, Reserve
and Enterprise mines, but the profitable
working or' such a property required the
initial expenditure of a large amount of
capital and mining was easily abandoned,
though the total production has been
about $500,000.
About three years ago W. C. Ralston or- ;
ganized the iuelones Mining Company,
with C. N. Felton and Robert Grayson
among the stockholders, and the property .
was bonded from the Melones Consoildat- I
ed Mining Company. It was desired to
explore tne bodies at dcth as much as i
possible during the term of the bond, i
There was a shaft on tne Reserve mine ,
about 200 feet deep, with drifts and cross
cuts. An adjoining mine was the South j
Carolina, with a tunnel 1080 feet in length. ;
It was desired io continue this tunnel over j
1600 feet to reach u.e ore ->odies of the ;
Melones company, anil a bond on the i
South Carolina was secured. W. C. Ral- j
ston was manager of the property, and i
under his direction and that of Superin- ,
tendent B. Deleray the tunnel was begun. |
The period of the bond made haste neces
sary and the result was that the world s
record for driving mining tunnels was
broken last fall and Mr. Ralston's report
of the exploit has been published all over
the world. Drilling began in January of i
last year and on September 24, 2bOS teet ot I
tunnel 7 by 8 feet was driven. The aver
age progress was 10.22 feet a day, 71. 6 i feet j
per week and 306.88 feet per month. For
one week the progress was 92 feet. Ihe i
total cost of the tunnel was $28,708, or ,
$11 02 per running foot. ;
This famous tunnel, which passed iza (
feet below the bottom of the Reserve
shaft, and other development work plac
ed "in sight" 650,000 tons of ore, a little
of it rich, but averaging between $4 and
$5 a ton. There was a great prospective
supply of low grade ore. On the show- |
In,? made by the development work done
Mr. Ralston recently went East and sold
100,000 shares of treasury stock, one-half
the entire issue, at $5 per share. The in- ;
vestors wtre Boston ana New "iork peo
pfe. The property was bought from the
Melones Consolidated Mining Company, :
anl now, under the management of Mr. ;
Ralston the pioperty will be worked on !
the 'arg« scale indicated. A new tunnel
4000 feet long and 250 feet deeper than the •
one run last yeai will be started at once
and it is estimated that it will increase \
the ore in Sight by 300,000 tons About
*lSu 000 has teen spent in development .
work with no attempt at milling ore.
The total Investment in this property j
will be $680,000. . .
The 120-stamp mill which it is expected
to have in operations in December next
will be approached by but one other mill
in the State, that of the Golden Cross :
mine in San Diego County, which has 120
stamps, but the new mill will have some
advantages in the way of efficiency. A ,
concrete dam and nearly three miles of I
ditch to provide a water supply will con- ,
sum" part of the $300,000 to be spent this
The successful operation of such a
property will mean a good deal to the
mining "industry of the State, as will
be a demonstration of the possibilities of
low grade propositions and stimulate
faith and interest in them.
The recent storms have put the miners
on their feet as well as the farmers. The
abundance of water which has come at
last means a great year in the mining in
dustry in California. I-a-st year's drought
the production was unquestionably less
show a SlllllOy sreater product tj»» «hat
nf IKQ7 The losses due to lack oi water
were offset by the increase in producing
mines little and big. This year will not
Z f "the "ame curtailment of the product
and there will be another large increase
m the number of mines ready Tor produc-
SX'urw an ordinary supply in streams
and ditches throughout the summer and
fall The number of prospectors scattered
through the hills has increased during the
week Many prospective buyers of mines
who were wafting in fear of another dry
year are ready to invest. Many owners
are ready to order that mill. Every
branch of manufacture and trade de
pendent on the mining Industry feels that
this is to be a good year after all.
There is a feeling of confidence and
faith everywhere that promises a year of
more mining activity than California has
known in a generation.
One of the newly booming mining dis
tricts of the State Is Genessee Valley in
Plumas County, which has gold, copper
and coal among its mineral resources.
Coal was discovered about a year ago
and the recent copper boom has brought
the copper deposits to the front. The
Genessee quartz mine, owned by a Mrs.
Gruss, has been remarkably successful
lately, adding still more to the fame of
the valley. Now efforts are being made to
construct a narrow-gauge railroad con
necting the coal and the copper deposits,
a few mile 9 apart.
The ten new stamps added to the mill
of the Black Oak mine, Tuolumne County,
began dropping last week.
James V. Coleman and some associates
will reopen the Angels mine at Angels
Camp, Calaveras County, which has been
closed for eight years.
The legislative bills amending the
State law of location are among- those
which at this writing are in the hands of
Governor Gage, unattended by any an
nouncement as to what he will do with
them. It is presumed they will be laws,
and if bo prospectors will have to take
a brief course in location law again.
The Santa Ysabel mine at Stent, Neva
da County, is one of the many California
mines ready to double its milling capacity.
The Santa Ysabel will add twenty stamps
to the twenty it now runs.
The recenx heavy storms started hun
dreds In the mountain counties to hunt-
Ing along hillsides and water courses for
nuggets and pieces of rich quartz "float"
brought to view from amid gravel de
posits. One Nevada City boy found a
specimen worth $170 the other day and
similarly valuable finds are frequently
made.
At the Pioneer quartz mine near Towle
Placer County, there were 925 tons of ore
crushed during February. The gross
earnings were $11,500 and the net earnings \
$7000.
The Pine Hill Mining Company has just
paid an odd little judgment rendered
against It by a Justice of the Peace of
Nevada County. A miner named Mc-
Knight was told he could go to work, but
he was not put to labor right away. He
sued to be paid for the time he spent
waiting and secured $72.
The directors of the Pioneer Mining
Company, operating in Placer County,
will probably increase the capital stock
from 100,000 to 150,000 shares to provide
working capital.
According to the Redding Free Press a
rich strike in the Mammoth mine near
Kennett is reported. The strike was maue
in the lowest tunnel. The tunnel was
driven 900 feet before the ledge was final
ly cut and as far as they have gone
through it is richer and larger than any
thing that has yet been found in that ais
trict. Twenty-five men are at work and
the ore will be shipped to Keswick.
There are 250 feet of backs.
Some Eastern capitalists who hold a
bond on the Bay Horse mine in San Diego
County are considering the enterprise of
piping water eighteen miles from the
Colorado River.
The Wilby mine in the Randaburg dis
trict is furnishing 130 tons of ore a day to
the Yellow Aster mill, working twenty
two men In the mine -- _. vi t n »
Recent rains have interfered with tne
dry washers on the - desert. The- rains
have not wholly pleased everybody,
effort to develop-a^ulck
silver deposit about five miles east or
Santa Ana in Orange County Is berne
made by E. J. Kimball and J. M. Turner
A Grub Gulch, Madera County, corre
spondent of the Mining -and . Scientinc
Press gives this pointer about one of th
many practically undeveloped gow re
gloni of the State: "One °*J* e *gf£al
gold-bearing veins » n the State exienu
from the vicinity of Grub Gulch souin
ward across Fresno 15,0u0 feet It is 10
distance of nearly 15,000 feet. It is K>
cated throughout its entire lenfftn. ana
has at various points a large, amount or
development, particularly In the aam
moth, Starlight-Riverside and Savannan
mines. The formation is mica slate, ana
the vein occurs as a slliflcation or tms
slate. -V vein of granite of *"£££.♦ ex
tire accompanies the vein throughout Us
length, waving back and forth in a smu
ous line, cutting the vein at a num .ir
of points, always appearing as of later
hydraulic mining i'^
in Trinity County have "nUert '" an dl
S3, BJJf
the Assessor's figures on their property
valuations. ■ ■ ,
MILLIONS FOR BIG COPPER OPERA
TIONS IN THIS STATE.
The remarkable recent boom in copper
has had -wide results in Caliiornm,
though without attracting very muchj*t
tention. Many properties ha\e been sow
s« 1^ >&f as
State, is crowding operations at Iron
Mountain and at its big fmelters atKes
wick, where several hundred tons of ore
are handled daily, and the scale of Its op
erations is to be increased. Otherwise the
only increase in the output is coming
from a number of small mines. About ten
such mines are now shipping to Selby s an
aggregate of about 200 tons per month.
They are mines in the Spenceville copper
region in Nevada and Placer counties and
in the neighborhood of Camp Seco In
Northern Calaveras County. Fresno
County is shipping ore also. In these and
other copper districts a good deal of pros
pecting Is going on, and these small op
erations are causing development of prop
erties that may assume much larger fu
ture importance.
The chief activity, however, is in the
great copper belt of Shasta County, in
which the Iron Mountain mines are lo
cated. Extensive undeveloped copper de
posits in the neighborhood of Copper City
and elsewhere along the belt are receiving
the attention of copper-hungry capital,
for which they have so long waited, and
there is a prospect that extensive smelt
ing plants and mining operations will cre
ate another Butte City there. Some New
York people have bonded the Herrin
group of seven copper claims and cuts
and tunnels are being run. Development
work is being pushed by another Eastern
company, which recently bonded a group
of claims from Smithson & Graves. Per
haps the most important operations are
those being pushed by Lewishon Bros,
and other Eastern capitalists, who a few
weeks ago bonded for a year the Go
linsky group of claims and the Ferguson
and Goss properties, about four miles
from Kennett. The properties are being
explored by shafts and tunnels, and the
apparent extent and richness of the de
posits and the prospect of extensive
smelters being put in have given Kennett
a town boom. Another New York com
pany is similarly developing the Mam
moth mine and a group of adjacent
claims near Kennett. bonded from Salltzer
& Co. The Balakalela and Windy Camp
groups of copper claims are being devel
oped by San Francisco and New York
capitalists. Other extensive properties in
that same mineral belt are .the subjects
of negotiation or of active development
work, and there is every prospect of in
vestments aggregating millions In that re
gion and the development of a rich and
famous camp. Every smelter erected in
that region will serve the additional ben
efit of creating a demand for siliceous ores
for flux and the consequent working of
many quartz claims which it is useless
to develop now. And over In Lassen and
Phimas counties there are untouched and
unexplored copper deposits which are now
attracting attention. Copper will from,
now on assume a big place in the mining
industry of the State.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Howard Stillman of Sacramento is at
the Grand.
L. C. Waite of Riverside is a guest at
the Palace.
Attorney L. W. Fulkerth of Modesto is
at the Lick.
E. McMichael, a merchant of Portland,
Or., Is a guest at the Lick.
John W. Donnellson of Salt Lake City
is staying at the Occidental.
W. A. Kelly, a mining man- of Reno,
Nev., is located at the Russ.
G. R. Stewart, a large cattle dealer from
Crows Landing. Is at the Grand.
W. R. Beall from Edinburgh. Scotland,
arrived at the Palace last night.
E. B. Dana, a jeweler of Maiden Lane,
New York, is registered at the Lick.
Misses Mabel and Florence Lane of
Brookllne, Mass., are guests at the Oc
cidental.
L. McDonald, a mine owner of French
Gulch, and A. H. Felix, a New York jew
eler, are at the Lick.
Mark R. Plaisted, editor of the River
side Enterprise and the Fresno Demo
crat, is staying at the California.
Henry \V. Harvey, a manufacturing
jeweler of Providence. R. 1., is here on
a pleasure trip and has apartments at
the Occidental.
Edwin Hawley, assistant general traffic
manager of the Southern Pacific, with
headquarters in New York, is at the Pal
ace. He is here on a pleasure trip.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. March 26.— J. Flanagan of
San Francisco is at the Cadillac.
NEWS OP lOREIGN NAVIES.
A torpedo cruiser was launched' at Fu
chau on January 29 last. The vessel was
designed by Mr. Doyere, the director of
the dockyard, and Is 260 feet long, 27 feet
beam and 11 feet draught and displaces
875 tons. The horsepower is to be 7000,
calculated to give a speed of 23 knots.
Two torpedo-boat destroyers have been
ordered for the British navy from Par
son, the builder of the Turbinla, at New
castle-on-Tyne. The contract speed has
not been made public, but It is understood
that they are to beat the two boats re
cently built by Schichau for the Chinese
navy, which made a speed of 35 knots.
The French naval estimates for the
coming fiscal year amount to $60,413,200.
In order to economize as much as pos
sible it is proposed to sell a number of
vessels which have become obsolete and
| are only a source of great annual expense
i to maintain in some sort of efficiency.
| The new naval policy is also said to pro
! vide for a larger tonnage of cruisers and
; a less proportional tonnage of armored
i ships.
The longest continued naval engagement
mentioned in history is related to have
taken place In 1334 in the Mediterranean.
! Four Catalonian cogs, carrying 19S0 flght
; ing men, besides the seamen and also
i women and horses, sailed with a cargo of
cloths and other goods on board from
| Cadiz for Sardinia. When near their des
tination they were overhauled and at
tacked by ten Genoese gallics and cap
tured after a battle of ten days. The his
torian does not state the casualties
among the crew, women and horses, but
i the combatants must at least have been
very tired after a ten days' fight.
The British Admiralty advertises for
engine-room artificers, fitters, engine
smiths and coppersmiths, age limit 21 to
28, and pay $9 62 to $13 12 per week. In
ducements are held out in prospective ad
vancement to warrant rank, good life
pensions and other advantages. The pres
ent pay in the United States navy tc me
chanics on board ship in the above-nnned
branches is from $70 to $40 a month for
machinists. $60 for boilermakers $oO for
coppersmiths and $45 for fitters. B> the
provisions of the new personne bil- a
number of machinists will be ra sed to
warrant rank and receive a salar> of
$1200 a year. ___
Interesting and valuable competitive
tests of water-tube boilers are to be ma. l.
on the British torpedo gunboat Shelrtriik.-
The vessel has four Babcock and Wilcoa
boilers of 1000 horsepower each, and nine
runs at sea of 1000 miles at speeds varying
from 12 to 17 knots are to be made with a
view of ascertaining the efficiency and
economy as compared with the Belleville
boiler. The latter boiler was tested In
1895 on board the Sharpshooter, a him
boat to the Sheldrake, and an exhaustive
report was made at the time of the Belle
ville boiler. The Sheldrake left for her
first run on February 28, and at the end
of the trials she will be turned over to the
cteam reserves at Dcvonport, Portsmouth
and Chatham to give engine-room artifi
cers and stokers practical experience in
handling these boilers.
THE DOOM
OF A NATION
Editor The Call— lnclosed please find
clipping from a Scandinavian newspa
per which, if you see fit to publish,
will be greatly appreciated by your
Finnish readers. Also find a transla
tion of the sacred promise given by the
present Czar of all the Russias at the
deathbed of his own father to the peo
ple of Finland, dated Livadia, Novem
ber 6, 18S4:
Since we have through the will of
heaven become heir to the Grand
Dukedom of Finland we herewith
wish to further sanction and approve
the religion, laws, rights and privi
leges of each rank within said Grand
Dukedom in particular and all its in
habitants in common, high as low, as
hitherto enjoyed by them, promising
to maintain the same unchanged in
their full strepgth. NIKOLAI.
The above is to show that : the Finnish
people have some right to protest
against the Russianization of their
country, which, together with the pro
posed increased time of service in the
army (which service is compulsory),
from three to five years, would most
certainly tend to depopulate the coun
try as all the male population wou.d
rather emigrate than waste five years
of the best part of their lives to .serve
the Czar. AX. NEWMAN.
Following is the article referred to by
Mr. Newman:
DESTRUCTION OF FINLAND.
Finland has been robbed of her consti
tution The Czar of all Russias, who but
recently thrilled the world with his. mes
sage of peace, has shocked it with his
decree of death to Finnish liberty. Ad
dresses of thanks in many tongues were
pouring in upon the autocrat and great
throngs were about to gather round his
throne to pay him homage. Then came
the ukase about Finland and a great hush
fell upon the multitude of admirers. Their
hopes for a new era were rudely shattered
at the sight of Finland shackled and
weeping in despair at the foot o£ their
brazen idol of peace.
The brave people of "the land of a
thousand lakes' 1 deserved a better fate.
Few nations are more Interesting, none
have made nobler sacrifices for their lib
erty. Romance and heroism illumine
every page of Finnish history; and no
country was ever better loved by its chil
dren that Finland, poor in treasure but
rich in romantic traditions, in natural
beauty and song.
In some branches of literature Finland
stands unexcelled. Her remarkable na
tional epic, the Kalevala, is regarded as
one of the greatest literary treasures of
the world; and in no country have the
sacred sentiments of patriotism found a
higher or purer expression. Johan I.ud
vig Runeberg Is the greatest poet of
patriotism the world has produced. His
patriotic hymn to the fatherland, the
most touching of all national songs, will
Uvp forever in every Fiimsh he<irt; his
pictures of "a people who fougnt amid
hunger and cold" will never be blotted
out; his "Tales of Ensign Staal" will live
as an indestructible monument to the he
roism of the Finnish people in 1809.
The brutal destruction of Finland's con
stitution is a crime against liberty, as the
denationalization of net people will be a
loss to humanity. Finland has the sym
pathy of every free and liberty-loving
people; but it will avail nothing; her fate
is sealed. She must follow the path of
Poland. As Russia's destruction of Po
land was the great crime of the last cen
tury, so the rape of Finland by the ogre
of Russian despotism is the crying out
rage of the present.
Autocrats ruled Europe a hundred years
ago, when the spoliation of Poland was
perpetrated. Now the people rule in
Western Europe and America. The Polish
people invited national destruction by
their dissensions; the Finnish people have
defended their rights and liberties not
only with courage, but also with rare
wisdom, unanimity, tirmness and skill.
The autocrats acquiesced in Russia's ab
sorption of Poland from fear; the great
powers of to-day could easily compel Rus
sia to restore the liberties of Finland, but
they will not even whisper a timid pro
test. The present century will close, as
did the last— with the hideous altar of
Muscovite despotism reeking with the life
blood of a free people.
And the free nations of to-day witness
the abominable spectacle and then go
about their business, as did the tyrants
a hundred years ago.— Skandinaven.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tt> at Townsend's. 1
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and puolic men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). sjo Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main I<>4J. •
A given acreage of wheat will feed at
least ten times as many people .as the
same acreage employed in growing mut
ton.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other cauees. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr».
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL, DEL CORON ADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $$o by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $3 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery St., San Francisco.
Nearly 1,000,000 women in Spain work
in the field as day laborers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The palate is almost
tickled with Scott's Emul-
sion of Cod-liver oil/ The
stomach knows nothing
about it, it does not trouble
you there. You feel it first
in the strength it brings ; it
shows in the color of cheek
and smoothing out of
wrinkles.
It was a beautiful thing
to do, to cover the odious
taste of Cod-liver oil, evade
the tax on the stomach, and
take health by surprise.'
It warms, soothes, strength-
ens and invigorates.
SOC. and ti.oo, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNK, Chemist" New Yocfc,THE PESTHOUSE
SCANDAL WILL
NOT SUBSIDE
Action Will Probably Be Taken
by the Supervisors To-
Day.
Plans for a Permanent Correction of the
Evil Must Give Way to Some Measure
for the Temporary Relief of the
Unfortunate Inmates.
f I *HE unfortunate condition of the
inmates of the tumble-down old
i hospital on San Bruno road,
known as the Pesthouse, will be the
subject of some legislation on the
part of the Supervisors this after
noon. The miserable state of affairs
that existed during the last rain has j
aroused sympathy on all sides, and j
there is a general expression that
something should be done to make ;
the hospital more like what it pre
tends to be and less like a prison.
The Supervisors will appoint a com
mittee to investigate and report such
changes or repairs as may be possible
to make the old place habitable un
til there can be some means devised
for providing the permanent inmates,
the lepers, with suitable quarters.
Supervisor Holland has declared him
self in favor of repairing the olrl build
ing until the question of a new hospital
. has been settled, and of then providing I
at the same time a place for lepers and I
patients afflicted with contagious dis- I
eases. The hospital matter is one that j
will come before the board within a i
few weeks, and Supervisor Holland be- |
lieves the question of a pesthouse can j
be settled at the same time. Until then, i
he says, the city should make the old |
place as comfortable as possible, and j
that, too, without delay.
Supervisor Byington is also willing to
do anything to make the place as com
fortable as circumstances will permit, j
and Supervisor Perrault deciares that j
he will do what he can to bring about a
better condition of affairs. As a medi
cal man, he believes it an injustice to j
; atients in such an unhealthy ]
place, holding them for no offense ex
cept that of being afflicted with disease, j
and denying them the poor privilege of ;
seeking better quarters when the ones
assigned to them have become unfit for
habitation.
•The hospital question will not be set
tled this year," said Dr. Perrault, "for
we cannot undertake such an extensive !
piece of work and still keep within the i
dollar limit, to which we pledged our- j
selves. We will have to let all question
of the hospital go over until the charter
has been put in force. It is a shame we
can do nothing for those unfortunates,
but there is no money in the building ;
fund now and there is no chance of I
there being any before next winter, so
all we can possibly do is to make such
repairs as the old building will stand."
Dr Perrault will bring the matter to
the attention of the board this after
noon, and so will Supervisor Holland,
and it is certain something will be done,
although there is a chance of it being,
for a while yet anyway, anything more
than temporary repairs.
There have been two plans broached,
but as yet nothing has come of them.
One of these was to have the lepers de
ported to the island of Molokai. where,
under some arrangement with the Gov
ernment at Hawaii, they could be kept
at the expense of the State. The other
was to make overtures to the Federa
Government to have them kept on Angel
Island at the quarantine station where
they could be made useful and their en
forced isolation could be made less like
The Pesthouse was erected by the i
cltv in IS6B, and even then, over thirty j
vpars ago, it was intended only as a
temporary structure. It was not ex-
Dected to last as long as a well-built
cowshed, yet it has housed the city's
outcasts for more than a quarter of a
century, and still the end of its serv
ice is not in sight.
• The lepers are not entirely helpless j
and some of them are quite as capable ,
of earning their own living as many
a one not condemned to the Pestnouse
enclosure. There are some of the in
mates so slightly affected as to deceive
any but the trained specialist, yet all
these are compelled to take the poor
shelter the city offers. A leper at any
time may be confined in the Pesthouse.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' '!_
Pain Conquered; Health Re-
stored by Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound.
"'„ [letter to Mas. tivkkau ho. 92,649]
" 1 feel it my duty to write and thank
you for what your Vegetable Com-
' pound has done for me. It is the only
medicine I have found that has done
me any good. Before taking your medi-
cine, I was all run down, tired all the
time, no appetite, pains in my back and
bearing down pains and a great suf-
ferer during menstruation. After tak-
ing two bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound I felt like a new
woman. lam now on my fourth bottle
and all my pains have left me. I feel
belter than 1 have felt for three years
and would recommend your Compound
to every suffering woman. ; I hope this
letter will help others to find a cure
for their troubles." — Mrs. Dklla
P.EMICKEB, RENS3ELAEB, I>"d.
The serious ills of women develop
from neglect of early symptoms. Every
pain aud ache has a cause, and the
alng they give should not be disre-
garded.
Mrs. Pinkham understands these
troubles better than any local phy-
sician and will give every woman free
advice who is puzzled about her
health. Mrs. Pinkham's address is
Lynn , M ass. Don't put off writing until
haalth is completely broken down.
' Write at the first indication of trouble.
He has no redress and to object is use
less. Under one of its many laws the
city or State may arrest a leper run
ning at large and he must forsake the
home he may have made for himself
and live under a sieve-like roof, in
rooms where carpets are unknown and
where pictures and wall paper are
strangers; between walls whosg shel
ter is a piece of sarcasm and through
which the winds piay as they would
through a pasture fence.
And then when the disease-ridden
patient grows tired of the draughts
that whistle around him he may go out
In the yard and walk from one angle
of the enclosure to the other, for his
world is bounded by the wall around
the rotting old shell the city says he
must call his home. There is no escape
for him except through death, and he
must sit idly waiting for the end with
out even the poor privilege of making
himself comfortable. The city has no
money to spend on the Pesthouse. Its
appropriation has been cut from year
to year to keep down the total while
other funds swelled, and now there is
not even enough to pay for an extra
nurse. Last year when one of the in
mates lay almost dying the Supervi
sors added $500 to pay one of the un
fortunates for acting as nurse, but
most of the sum was taken up in car
ing for some extra smallpox patients.
Every one admits the place is a dis
grace to the city. Every one admits
that as a hospital it is a sham and a
mockery. No one likes to hear it called
a prison, and yet it is worse than one,
for there is no escape, no sanitation, no
comfort, no hope— nothing but a long-,
weary wait for the grave.
TO TAKE UP MORE
ARDUOUS DUTIES
ARCHDEACON J. A. EMERY RE
SIGNS HIS OFFICE.
Rev. Douglas T. Forrest Will Suc
ceed Him as Rector of the
Church, of the Advent.
Archdeacon J. A. Emery has resigned
as rector of the Church of the Advent, his J
resignation to take effect April 15. On the
second Sunday after Easter he will de
liver his farewell sermon before the con
gregation he has instructed during the '
past year and a half and then he will
cease his labors as rector and enter into j
the more active duties of the office of j
archdeacon of the diocese.
Archdeacon Emery's successor as rector j
of the parish of the Chuch of the Advent !
has been appointed. Rev. Douglas F. For- !
rest being named to assume the responsi- !
bilities of the office. Immediately upon
the stepping out of Archdeacon Emery, .
Rev. Forrest will take office. No time :
will be lost in the change, and much good i
will result from the liberation of Arch- |
deacon Emery, as he will be able to take ;
up the important work connected with ;
that position and prosecute it undis- i
turbed.
As archdeacon of the diocese Mr. Emery i
will have in charge all the missionary ■
work therein. This labor is one of vast :
importance in this metropolis, a matter j
which is appreciated by Mr. Emery to its
full extent. Great industry has charac- |
terized Rev. Mr. Emery's efforts as rector
of the parish named, and doubtless his
energy will be unabated in his new field
of effort.
FIGHT FOREIGN INVASION.
Rev. Dr. Wilson's Address Before
the Junior Order of American
Mechanics.
The Junior Order of American Me
chanics attended the evening service at
the Howard Methodist Episcopal Church
last night. Both th<? subject of the ad
dress by Rev. John A. B. Wilson, the
pastor, and the services were of a patri
otic nature.
Dr. Wilson's text was: "Be of good '
courage, and let us play the men for our :
people and for the cities of our God."
"Patriotism is paramount to individual ]
consideration," he said. "Forget your j
personal Interests for your country's,
even at a personal sacrifice. The man
that sacrifices himself may lose grosser
comforts and possessions, but he gains
nobler qualities. The part of the true
patriot is to stand up against the invasion
of this country by foreign ideas and cus
toms. Our quarrel now is to fight foreign
entrance because we are no longer able to
assimilate it.
"We are coming to a domination of the j
saloon and a profanation of the Sabbath, j
European Influence has forced our work
men to labor on the Sabbath and we must !
fight against It with all our might. Our j
institutions are becoming Germanized, i
What means the "rushing of the growler' j
but a foreign importation. We have to
make the Sabbath a sacred day again."
FRENCH BENEVOLENT SOCIETY
Board of Directors and Physicians
Were Elected Yesterday.
The election of the board of directors of
the French Benevolent Society was held
yesterday afternoon and evening In Na
tive Sons' Hall. The polls opened at 3
p. m. and closed four hours later. There
were 662 ballots cast. Seventeen names
appeared on the ballot for directors. Fif
teen were to be voted for. They were as
follows: Bergez, Herges, Bernou, Boc
qur-raz. Cames, Chartrey, Duvergey, Des
barats, Fabregue, Gerhardt, Legallet, La
coste, Lemoine, Reiss, Remond, Serveau
and Vasselin.
E. A. Lemoine and J. \asselin having
the lowest number of votes were not elect
ed The remainder will constitute the
board for the ensuing year.
Dr de Chantreau was elected hospital
physician and Drs. J. Masson and E . R.
Orella were recommended to the board
as city physicians. Until yesterday it had
been the custom for the members to elect
the city physicians, but just previous to
the election the assembly passed an
amendment transferring that power to
the directors and giving the members the
privilege of recommending them.
Th^ other candidates for city physicians
were Drs. E. R. Berges, E. Calderon, E.
O. Jelllneck, F. Levin, C. IS. Parent and
S. Sussman.
Creegan Sent to Folsom.
James Creegan, the forger, who was
sentenced to two years by Judge Dunne
Saturday, was taken from the City Prison
yesterday afternoon by Sheriff Martin
and started on his trip to Folsom Peniten
tiary.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1899.
TALL MOUNTAINEER
MENTALLY UNBALANCED
E. C. Merry Came From Sierra County to
Make Amends for His Sins.
♦• T""\ c. MERRY is the tallest man that has ever been a
O l-i patient in the Receiving Hospital. He measures 6
♦• feet 3 s ; inches in his stockings, but as he is not
O ■*—' ' stoutly built, he looks as if he were several inches
X taller than he really is.
5£ He was found wandering aimlessly along Kearny street
O about 4 o'clock yesterday morning by a policeman. He was
X dressed in a pair of dirty blue jeans, a foot too short for
0> him and an old gray coat and slouch hat. It was his
♦ height and general appearance that attracted the attention
© of the officer, and when he accosted him he could not get
± an intelligible answer to his questions. As it was apparent
© that the big man's mind was unbalanced he was sent to
X the insane ward in the hospital, where he cried like a baby.
+ When questioned later he said his name was E. C. Mer-
O rv and he was born in Herkimer County. New York.
«- twenty-nine years ago. He had been working at a '°SSing
0 camp in Sierra County, when the Almighty commanded
"*■ him to go to San Francisco and surrender himself for the
© sins he had committed. He came here and was prepared
♦ to stand before his judges and be tried. He has a horror
O of being hanged and imagines that he sees a gallows con
♦ stantlv before him. He is as simple as a child and when
O spoken to kindly bursts into tears. It is not supposed that
♦ he has committed any crime, but is a religious crank, ac-
O centuated by his lonely life in a logging camp.
+ He arrived in the city without a cent and said he
« raveled in it He will be taken before the Insanity Commissioners this morn
+ Ing and will' probably be sent to one of the asylums.
MARE ISLAND
IS TO HAVE A
WOODEN DOCK
Why the California
Navy Yard Lost.
MR.HILBORN'S STRANGE WORK
RECOMMENDATIONS OF DEPART
MENT ENGINEERS.
The Dock Will Be a Weak Structure,
Incapable of Receiving a Bat
tleship Without Endan
gering Her.
In the naval appropriation bill approved
May 4 1898. a provision was made for
four docks, any one of which might be
constructed of stone, the other three to
be built of wood. It was left with the
Secretary to choose the location of the
stone dock, and accordingly Boston navy
yard was selected and the contract for
that dock has been awarded and work be
gun Mare Island, League Island, Pa.,
and Portsmouth, N. H., will get the wood
en docks.
The plans of the wooden docks have
thus far been delayed In the hope of in
ducing Congress to alter the provision
specifying wood instead of stone. Wood,
as a material for drydock construction,
has been long discarded by all other na
tions because of its perishable nature and
general unsuitability. The reasons why
the United States clings so tenaciously to
it form an interesting story.
The advocates of timber docks, during
the past dozen years, have been backed
in Congress by a powerful paid lobby
who have been unscrupulous in their en
deavors to- defeat any attempt to change
from wood to stone.
This weli organized body has labored in
cessantly in the interest of certain build
ers of timber docks who hold patents on
these structures and with whom all con
tracts for such docks must of necessity
be placed. Another potent influence upon
which the lobby has counted with suc
has been the indorsement of the
chief of the Bureau of Construction and
Repairs, whose name has for years ap
peared conspicuously in reports and let
ters favorable to timber dock builders.
The Secretary of the Navy has long
since been convinced that it was but a
waste of public money to build timber
drydocks. In this view he is sustained by
all experts in this country and abroad.
These docks have within ten years cost
$600,000 in repairs and their average cost
of maintenance is over eight times that
of the stone drydocks. The present
wooden dock at League Island leaks at
the rate of 1703 gallons per minute and a
duplicate pumping plant has been in
stalled to keep it measurably dry. It
was necessary to remove the battleship
Massachusetts hurriedly from a timber
dock at New York, the structure imme
diately thereafter suffering partial col
lapse. Rupture and upheaval of the floor
have occurred with the dock at Port Roy
al. The battleship Indiana was docked
in foreign territory because our timber
<ii>'-k* were unfit to receive her. At
League Island, when a ship is docked, it
is necessary to shore up the abutments
tii prevent inward movement.
The limit of cost of each wooden dock
w:,s fixed at $800,000. In the naval appro
priation act, which became a law on
March 3 last, a provision was inserted by
the Senate increasing the limit of cost
to 81,100,000 ar.d stipulating that all docks
should be constructed of masonry. When
tho bill was in conference (composed of
Senators Hale and Gorman and Represen
tatives Boutelle, Hilborn and Cumraings)
three of the conferees held out firmly for
Etone, while Representatives Hilborn and
Cummlngs stood out steadfastly for wood.
At first neither Bide would yield and for a
time the entire bill was in great jeopardy.
Finally, as ?. last resort, a compromise
was effected which resulted in two of the
three docks b<Mng constructed of wood at
the original estimated cost of $SOO,OOO and
the other of stone at a cost of $1,100,000.
It is remarkable that in the face of the
earnest advice, even in the face of the
strongest opposition of such able men as
the Secretary of the Navy, the Chief of
the Bureau of Yards and Docks, the Chief
of the Bureau of Steam Engineering and
of the greai American Society of Civil
Engineers of the United States, these
wooden docl<s wore recommended. Even
Secretary Long and his bureau chiefs
time and again assured Congress that un
less stone was used in the construction of
the docks they might better be left un
built. It is also remarkable that Mr. Hil
born, then Representative from Califor
nia, should recommend the construction
of a wooden dock at Mare Island, even
when Senator Perkins opposed that idea,
it is said, both in the committee rooms
and on the J-oor of the Senate and finally
in the conference.
The next session of Congress will doubt
less be asked to reverse this action and
have stone substituted for wood with an
additional appropriation of $300,000 for the
increased co-'H of proper material. In the
meantime the excavation and pile-driving
which will he necessary for either wood
or stone can proceed, so that no needless
delay may r-sult by reason of the change.
It is for Mr. Hilborn to explain why,
when Califo'-nia might have had a mag
nificent structure costing $1,100,000, she is
largely through his efforts to have an
Jsuo.uoo structure at Mare Island, where
the excuse will always be made by the
Navy Department that it is afraid, and
properly, too, to trust one of the great
battleships in a weak wooden dock for
fear of the collapse of the structure and
the probable destruction of the vessel.
The Bureau of Yards and Docks of the
Navy Department is now busily engaged
in preparing plans for the three new dry
docks. Much of the work of design has
already been accomplished, and it is ex
pected that bids for their construction
will be invited in a short time. Conse
quently the opponents of the wooden
structures will be compelled to act
promptly.
INTERESTING COMPILATION.
What the Weather Bureau Knows
About April.
The following data for the month of
April, covering a period of twenty-eight
years, have been compiled from the
Weather Bureau records at San Fran
cisco:
TEMPERATURE — Mean or normal
temperature, 55; the warmest month was
that of ISS9, with an average of 59; the
coldest month was that of IS!>3, with an
average of 52; the highest temperature |
was 88, on the 14th, 1S8S; the lowest tern- j
perature was 40, on the 7th, 1891; average
date en which first "killing" frost oc- j
curred in autumn, December 10th; aver
age date on which last "killing" frost oc
curred in spring. January 25th.
PRECIPITATION (rain and melted
snow)— Average for the month, L9D
inches; average number of days with .01 i
of an inch or more, 7; the greatest month
ly precipitation was 10.06 inches in 1S80; |
the least monthly precipitation was .h> \
inches in 1875; the greatest amount of j
precipitation recorded in any twenty-four j
consecutive hours was 2.21 inches on the
19th and 20th, .1880.
CLOUDS AND WEATHER— Average j
number of clear days, 12; partly cloudy j
days. 12; cloudy days, 6.
WIND — The prevailing winds have been
from the west. The highest velocity of !
the wind was 47 miles from the north- j
west on the 23d, IS7I.
Station. San Francisco. Date of issue,
March 23, 1599. G. H. WILLSON.
Weather Bureau.
Killing frost before December 31 has oc
curred but six times since the beginning j
of observations.
Killing frosts have been observed in i
ten years out of the whole number that
observations have been taken.
THINKS THE TEACHERS
CAN STAND ALONE
J. C. O'CONNOR OPPOSES COMPRO
MISE WITH MERCHANTS.
Teachers Can Fight as Individuals
and Win Under the One-
Twelfth Act.
There is still a great division of opin
ion among the teachers regarding the
compromise question. Referring to this
J. C. O'Connor, principal of the Mission
High School, speaks as follows:
It anything was made clearer than another
by the address of Mr. Creswell at
Monday's meeting It was that the only
hope for the payment of the November and De
cember salaries lay in the adoption of a con
stitutional amendment. I understand that the
proposed amendment brought forward by the
Legislature for that purpose will not be ap
proved by the Governor, but, be that as it
may, I fail to see how the turning over to a
trustee of my claims against the city will help
the passage of the amendment or how it will in
any way further the payment of those claims.
Neither can I see how giving the merchant
creditors a lien on my claims to help to make
good their outlawed claims Is going to make
my e'jually outlawed claim any better.
It Is agreed that the One-twe*lfth Act Is In
force. If so all claims in excess of the unet=
pended balance of $35,670 for the first term of
this fiscal year are void and the Auditor cannot
allow any claims for that period in excess of
that amount. In vlpw of these facts it seems
to me that the Auditor's quandary in regard
to legal and illegal demands is simply his own
affair: that he cannot without breaking the law
and at his own risk allow one cent on the
claims of the months preceding January' in rx
cess of the amount standing to the credit of
the?,- months, and therefore all the arguments
suggesting a further loss of salary to the
teacher? are — well, let us say groundless.
I attended the meeting on Monday hoping
that the discussion would enlighten me regard
ing the proposed compromise. I heard only
one side of the ea*e, the affirmative, but the
letters and speeches in favor of the compro
mise showed m* clearly how we stand and
proved to me that such a compromise could
do the teachers no good and most likely would
destroy any chance they might have of being
recouped by a kindly disposed Hoard of Hu-
PTvlsors In connection with the Board of Edu
cation.
I believe the merchants should be paid. I
am perfectly willing that they should tnke the
whole Jio.ooo. I eald when this controversy w;is
so suddenly sprung upon us that the only sen
sible thing to do was to let the merchants be
paid, to far as the available funds would per
mit, and thus enlist them as our advocates for
an Increased appropriation for the next fiscal
year by means of which our claims could be
paid. This could have been legally done had
we not "gone to law" and "In our anxiety to
find where we stood discovered that we are
not statutory officers. Now, however, I be
lieve It Is better that we stand alone. We enn
reco\'er only by the favor of the public, and to
me It looks like Impudence to say to the good
people of this city. "Whatever you do for us
you must also do for these merchants."
There seems but one way now left by which
our claims may be satisfactorily settled, and
that Is that public opinion should permit the
Supervisors to appropriate for the School I>e
i>artment such an amount, within the legal
maximum, as would enable the Board of Edu
cation to Increase our monthly salaries for the
next fiscal year by an amount equal to one
twelfth of the sum due to each of us. Mr.
Creswell says this could not be done under the
law, but Supervisors have th<> right to make
appropriations and School Directors to fix Fal
arles. and this was done, without objection. If
I remember right, in the case of Mr. Voder and
Miss Ball.
Mr. Broderlck, I understand, still thinks we
are statutory officers. But it mleht b* well
to consider the propriety of appealing to the
Supreme Court on that point.
There has been a great deal of silly talk off
and on against teachers who failed to join in
this movement, and a sort of assumption that
the majority rules. A moment's reflection
should show that our claims are all individual
claims. No majority, for example, has any
right to assign my claim to any one, and, of
course, no majority or committee acting for
them could make any arrangement by which
some of those to whom salary is due could be
paid and others not paid, but although I am
satisfied that the action taken without my con
sent and later on against my earnest advice
hns cost me two months' salary, yet I think
the attorneys employed should be paid and
for the credit of the department I am willing
to contribute my share toward that end, and
I further think that we all should be as will-
Ing to pay them as though they had succeeded.
They should be paid and discharged as soon as
p;>.»slble.
California Commandery.
Last Friday night the Red Cross de
gree was conferred on several candidates
by the following named officers of Cali
fornia Commandery No. 1, F. and A. M. :
J. S. Frazer, commander; J. Tonningson,
generalissimo; H. B. Ream, senior warden;
Frank W. Titus, captain general; Edward
B. Church, prelate; Thomas Morton,
treasurer; H. T. Graves, recorder;
Charles Bone, sword bearer; J. F. Eogan,
warden; George W. Perkins, sentinel; C.
W. Taber, standard bearer.
After the ceremony there was a ban
quet, which was partaken of by more
than fifty air knights.
APPRENTICE BOY
ACCIDENTALLY
KILLED AT SEA
Shot by a Shipmate in
the Mate's Room.
SHIPYARDS ARE ALL BUSY
FLEET OF STEAMERS AND WIND
JAMMERS BUILDING.
A Valuable Cargo for Vladivostok.
Wreckage Sighted by the Co
quilie River — Transports
Renamed.
There was a peculiar fatality on the
British ship Haddon Hall during her voy
age from Puget Sound to Yokohama. It
is the old story of "Didn't know it was
loaded." a tale of which rarely if ever
comes from the sea. The Haddon Hall
arrived In Japan prior to the sailing of
the Doric and the story of the tragedy
is as follows:
The Haddon Hall sailed from the Sound
last December and all went well until the
vessel was passing through a group of
islands known to be infested by pirates.
Chief Officer Thomas Jones had no gun,
so Captain Pritehard loaned him a re
volver with which to arm himself in the
event of the ship being attacked. The
mate put the pistol in a drawer in his
room and there Harry Hartog, a 19-year
old apprentice boy, found it. He had
never handled such a weapon before and
was delighted with "the plaything." He
showed it to William Hughes, another ap
prentice boy, who said the revolver was
not loaded, as the mate had drawn the
charges. Hartog began snapping the pls
tol at Hughes and the third time the ham
mer fell it went off and the bullet struck
Hughes in the neck. Captain Pritehard
and Mate Jones did everything possible
for the lad, but he bled to death in twenty
minutes. The Haddon Hall went from
San Francisco to the Sound to load and
both boys were well known in this port.
Hartog was tried before the British Con
sular Court in Yokohama and acquitted.
There is a big demand for vessels for
the coasting and island trade, and In con
sequence the shipbuilding yards from San
Francisco to Puget Sound are all busy.
Hind, Rolph & Co. are having two schoon
ers and a barkentine built for the island
trade; C. A. Hooper & Co. will shortly add
a barkentine to their fleet of lumber ves
sels; J. S. Kimball & Co. have contracted
for a large steamer to be built on Puget
Sound; Gray & Mitchell will have a tin.-*
11-knot vessel on the coast early in July
and half a dozen other firms in the city
have ordered vessels.
C. A. Hooper & Co.'s new barkentine
has been named the Manila. She was
launched on the 11th inst., and will soon
g-j into commission. She was built at
North Bend. Or., and will carry a million
feet of lumber. As there is a great de
mand in Australia and South Africa for
Oregon pine the chances are that the Ma
nila will make her maiden voyage to one
or the other of these places.
Gray & Mitchell's new steamer is to be
named the Dispatch. She is being built
at Eureka, and will be 193 feet on the keel
and 205 over all, 38 feet 6 inches beam,
15 feet 6 inches draft and will carry 700,
--000 feet of lumber or 900 tons of general
cargo. She will come here with a load of
lumber, will be eugined by the Fulton lro n
Works and will be ready to go into com
mission on July 1. A description of the
other vessels being built has already been
published In The Call.
If shipping and shipbuilding is good in
the United States it does not seem to be
equally so in England, judging by the
prices offered and accepted for shares in
vessels at a sale in Liverpool recently.
For an eighth of the Miltonburn $17,500
was offered and refused, for an eighth of
the Otterburn $17,000 was the best offer,
and it was refused, ffwo sixty-fourths of
the Drumrock were sold for $2200. Forty
$200 shares in the Helenslea brought $850.
Twenty $25 shares in the Frances Fisher
brought $250 and twenty $25 shares in the
Beechdale brought $250. All these vessels
art' well known in this port, having been
here on many occasions from either Eng
land with general merchandise or Austra
lia with coal.
The captain of the steam schooner Co
quille River, which arrived from Co
quilie yesterday, reports that on March
25 between Cape Mendoctno and Point
Arena he passed through a large quan
tity of lumber and shingles. There is a
big fleet of lumber-laden coasters on its
way here and the chances are that one
of "the schooners lost her deckload dur
ing the recent heavy weather.
The schooner Albion, which arrived
from Coquille Saturday, lost her jib boom
while crossing the Coquille River bar on
March 19.
The Chilean ship Temuco, which put in
here in distress on the Ist inst., tried to
resume her voyage yesterday, but had to
come back again on account of a foul an
chor. The Temuco was on her way from
Icjuique to Victoria, B. C, with a load of
nitrate when she was partly dismasted
in a gale and had to put in here for re
pairs. She will probably get away to
day.
The names of the United States trans
ports Scandia and Arizona have boon
changed. The former Is now called
"Warren and the latter Hancock. The
"Warren was formerly a German tramp
steamer and the Hancock a British pas
senger steamer.
The transports Charles Nelson nnd Zea
landia will sail for Manila on Wednes
day. The Nelson will take away about
90 1 )" tons of supplies and 100 soldiers and
Red Cross nurses, while the Zealandia
will carry about 600 soldiers.
The ship Lueile. which sailed for Vladi
vostok, Siberia, last Saturday, took away
the most valuable cargo that has ever
left San Francisco for that port. It con
sisted of flour, tallow, bicycles 1 , salt,
hardware, agricultural implements- and
other goods valued at over $67,000. The
bark Wilna is at Howard street loading
for the same port. Frank Mighell, son
of the managing owner of the vessel,
will make the round trip on the Wilna
for his health.
The British sealing: schooner Geneva
put into Fort Ross the other day with
1243 skins, all taken on the coast. The
captain reports all well.
The revenue cutter McCulloch is be
ing repaired at Mare Island and then?
are no quarters for her crew. The cutter
Rush has therefore gone to the navy yard
and the McCulloch's crew will live
aboard her. The Thetis is coming down
from the yard to he repaired here, and
while work is being done on her the crew
will live aboard the Bear, which is to
come down from the yard and anchor in
the stream for that purpose.
A CBYSTAL ANNIVERSARY.
Lincoln Corps of the Woman's Belief
Corps Celebrates Its Fifteenth
Birthday.
Last Thursday Lincoln Corps No. 3,
Woman's Relief Corps, an auxiliary to
the Grand Army of ' the Republic, was
fifteen years old. and in the evening the
members of the corps, members of Lin
coln Post, G. A. R. , and a number of
friends of each assembled in the upper
hall of the B'ne B'rith building to cele
brate the crystal anniversary. The corps
is composed of loyal women who have
for their object the aiding of all soldiers
and sailors who nerved in the War of the
Rebellion, irrespective of the fact that
they are not members of the Grand Army
of the Republic; also to aid the families
of such. From the introductory- address
by Mrs. H. J. Holbert, the president of
the corps, on Thursday night, it appeared
that in the fifteen years of its existence
the corps has distributed a little in ex
cess of $13,000 to those who come under
their care, and that does not include
clothing, groceries, coal and provisions
distributed to the families of the heroes
of '61-65 during that period.
Mrs. E. d'A. Kinne. past national presi
dent and first president of the corps, de
llvered a very eloquent address on the
work of the corps and paid a most de
serving tribute to the noble women who
had successfully carried on the work
which had been commenced fifteen years
before. This was followed by a short
programme of entertainment which was
made up of vocal selections by Miss Zelia
Cook, Mrs. Powell and the singing of a
song dedicated to the corps by Mrs. Alma
E. Keith, in the singing of which Miss
Emma Keith, daughter of the composer,
led. There was also an address of con
gratulation by Colonel C. Mason Kinne of
Lincoln Post, after which there was pro
gressive euchre in one hall and a donkey
party in the other. During the evening
there was presented to the corps a beau
tiful illuminated address of good wishes
prepared by H. W. Mortimer of Lincoln
Post, chairman of a committee composed
of the gentlemen named. C. J. Hanley. C.
Mason Kinne, W. M. Hilton and George
H. Stevens, and subsequently an immense
crystal punch bowl with silver ladle and
■ six dozen lemonade glasses from Lincoln
Post. The celebration closed with the
serving of a toothsome collation.
POSSE BUTTLES
WITH OUTLAWS
Fight in a Washington
Forest.
TWO DESPERADOES WOUNDED
CONFEDERATES SAVE UxJE FROM
CAPTURE.
Hold the "ursuin^ Officers at Bay
and Succeed in Gaining a Hid
ing Place in the
Woods.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, March 26.— Four masked
i robbers raided a store at Montesano on
! Thursday night. On Friday night they
i blew open the safe in the postoffice at
I Shelton, forty miles away, and obtain
i ed $800 of Government money. A large
I posse was formed yesterday and track
jed the bandits through the Mason
County forest. The po^se is headed by
: Sheriffs Vogtlin and Huss of Mason
I and Chehalis counties. Last evening
i part of the posse came upon the ro-bbers
i near Kamilchie and a fight ensued. The
! Deputy Sheriffs and robbers jumped
'< behind trees and shot at each other for
: half an hour. The Deputy Sheriffs had
; the advantage in numbers and succeed
!ed in shooting two robbers, one of
i whom was captured. The other limp-
I ed away, and was protected by his com
panions, who hold the officers at bay.
Going a short distance, the robbers
i seized a hand car on the Grays Harbor
branch of the Northern Pacific Rail
' road and would have escaped had not
\ an approaching train stopped them.
The posse was largely increased tcr
i day, and every road through the dense
i forests of Mason and Chehalis counties
!is being guarded. Both Sheriffs are
! determined to continue the hunt until
hunger brings the robbers out of their
hiding place.
The captured bandit is not danger
! c-usly wounded. He is now in the Shel
! ton jail. He refuses to give his name
j or reveal the identity of his confeder
ates.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPRING TIME AND SAR=
, SAPARILLA
Go hand in hand. At this season of
the year nature tells us that our sys-
tem requires attention. We have the
good old standard remedies at cut-
rate prices.
TODD'S SARSAPARILLA 7."» c
HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA 7Oc
AIRES' SARSAPARILLA 7Oc
COOPER'S BLOOD SPECIFIC ....Nse
SWIFT'S SPECIFIC 7Oc
CUTICURA RESOLVENT. ..SOc
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
TESLA ELECTRIC BELT.
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
L V^949-95i MARKETS!
"' Jf ' " NEXT lO_ MALE BROS. "-""• '
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
Itrongr AMiertlons as -to Just What
~ tlie Remedies Will Do.
m 'l (^ r T^*l Munyon gnarantee*
RU. nfmf^^ that bis Rheumatism
jl^nJlJllifc'lKm Cure wlJl cure ceHrly
JtSHj^SfiMffljßMK all cases of rheuiaa-
E'Zjf'^^ *^^*b££! tlsin in a few hours;
Jjfiy vSmB that his Dyspepsia Cure
Irak -i^SB wi " cure indigestion and
faff ..i ,n,T|iWr 811 stomach troubles;
Vlj >^9rW^bM that his Kidney Cure
V 'p' »r^T r win cure 1)0 per cent.
\. /itjlxilli °' :i ' l case of kidney
\ /,fW trouble; that his Ca-
Jbi™'' <ie aSF tarrh Cure will cure
■/l^-^^flHjL^ cntarrh no matter how
■s;3^fßte»2r*K*silrK OI1 ? standing; that hia
rsF^fes«PsrT Headache Cure will cure
Vt,l I an y kind of headache In
■ I 1^ a few minutes; _ that
• his Cold Cure will
quickly break up any
firm of cold and 60 on through the entire list of
remedies. At all druggists, 25 cents a vial.
If you need medical adrice write Prof. Munyon,
1506 Arch St.. Phlla. It la absolutely free.
gH^=". WIT* I IQ
THE NEW
Ist Day. JaSft^J^fefc, CDEiinil
trarin.hD*j.<±mAj m 1? ritknUißii
VITALjS MthD^ S*»- -» RFIfiFnY
PKOMtES THE ABOTK 30thDay. lltnlbUlll
RKSI'LTS. ltquicV.l> *«urcly removes Xcrvcusnc«.I mpotrncv
Nightly Emi»»lon«, Kril Dreams Wast inf Pis« and all effects
of self -abuse cr excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vital
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
tion. Ceres when all other, fail. Insist on havin; VITALTS.
DO other. Can be carried in the^est pocket. By mail #1 00
per D.ckareorslx for *5.00 with a guar.ntce to Core or
Rernnil the Money. Circular Free. Address
CALUMET CURE CO., 884 Dearborn. St., Chlcag*
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
m 1., my " DITFITIIDn
if ||^ RUPTURE.
¥*$tty^'j£&£ . USE NO MORE IRON
■BBHMn|^r Hoops or Steel Spring*.
•-^^BIBjWES^ Rupture retained with eass
M^^yMrirK and comfort, and thousands r&di-
■ /M.* cal 'y CURED by DR. PIERCE' 9
%/& Magnetic Elastic Truss. ET Call at
• cfflceor write for New Pamphlet No. t.
HAaNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
(20 llarket St., opp. Palace Hotel. SanFranclaoo.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. . .. ' .. . ' \ "
Complete Story of the
Campaigns in
THE
BY '
taJEUTPEUnt
"The Romance of Rome,"
. by F. Marion CrtfQtfordrt.
and other notable features in APEIL
Frank Leslie s
Popular Motitltir
W OtSm Richly Elxistrated.
SPEClAL.— Beautiful Military Calen-
" lections, each in 12 colors, lfixl2X
in.. March, 1399, to February, 1900, together
with this rfliijraj'.ine March to De<JeiaDeT,
1899-all for $I.QO.
• HUNK LESLIE PUBLISHING HOUSE, N.Y.
Copies Sold and Subscription* Received
by Newsdealers
■■-■■' ' "' '* •'^ ' rffcaii^ TT
Use i^ii^ USB
Woodbury's ti»^ Woodbnry's
* Facial Soap. *^s Facial Cream.
Strictly antiseptic and purifying. Unequalled
for both bath and nursery. Makes the skin
soft, smooth and white. Send 10 cents for
Beauty Book, and receive samples of each.
free. JOHN H. WOODBURY. 26 W. 23d St..
New York, and 163 State St.. Chicago. __
171/. X. HESS,
HOTART PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckela Bid*.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California at., below Powell.
San Francisco. __^_^^^_^__^^^^_^_^__^^___
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT!
THE FAMOUS
BOSTONIANS.
"■'■ ■■'■": :i'~--. J ■'/'- ■_''-?. -7V* -"■.';;"' '-"j. .':''"._ ' ■
LAST 6 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Great Romantic Opera Success,
ROB ROY!
- PRICES 50c, 75c, %\ and $1 50.
Next Monday— "TßE SERENADE."
BIG BILL OF
XTX VAUDEVILLE
S3 STARS... ;v;
THE MATWEEFS, Europe's Greatest Acro-
bats.
PANTZER BROS., Equilibrists.
MANNING AND WESTON, Star Vocalists.
OLA HAY DEN. Girl Barytone.
GYPSY QUINTET, New Repertoire.
PERCY HONRI. THE DARTOS. MR. AND
MRS. WILLIAM ROBYNS AND BARNES
AND SISSON.
Reserved Seats, 2.-.c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS EVENING,
TIMELY REVIVAL OF
Balfe's Ballad Opera,
THE BOHEMIAN GIRL
WITH AN ALL-STAR CAST.
EVERY NUMBER A GEM.
TO BEGIN NEXT MONDAY EVENING,
OUR EASTER EXTRAVAGANZA,
'BEAUTIFUL golden locks "
The Finest Home Production Ever Offered la
This City.
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50c.
N. B.— A reserved seat for the Matinee 25c
OUR TELEPHONE. Bush 9..
ALCAZAR THEATER. .
TO-NIGHT, MONDAY,
BEGINS 1 •
THE LAST WEEK
OF THE FARCICAL HIT. ■*
NERVES
Reserved Seats 15c, 25c, 35c, 606
-
— NEXT WEEK. •'
"CHARITY BALL"
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Corner of Eddy and Jones Streets.
THIS EVENING
The Great Emotional Actress,
AGNES HERNDON,
Supported by Albert A. Andruss and the - Al- '
hambra Eastern Stock Company, . in
the Latest New York Melo-
dramatic Success. •'.:'.
"SAVED FROM THE FLAMES"
New and Beautiful Scenery and Sensational
Effects*.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Prices 10c, 15c, 23c and 35c
A GREAT BILL AT
THE CHUTES.
This Week, Afternoon and Evening.
DERENDA, Monarch of Clubs.
LAURENT. Klncr of Jugglers.
THE FOUR MILTON'S, Comedians.
SHERMAN & MORRISEY, the Great Aero-
; bats. ; ;?; "^ ■•!"<" ■
NEW ANIMATOSCOPE VIEWS, ETC.
' ' THURSDAY EVENING . .
| AMATEUR " TRILBY NIGHT.
56
BASEBALL FEVER
SUPERSEDES THE
GRIP EPIDEMIC
Every Evidence of Be
coming Chronic.
LEAGUE SEASON INAUGURATED
i
FAMILIAR FIGURES HAVE VAN
ISHED FROM SIGHT.
Oakland Shuts Out San Francisco in
a. Game That Proves Highly
Interesting to 6000
People.
Your Uncle Hennery dispensed with the j
time-honored brass and yesterday, and j
nary a hackman was given a job hauling j
gaudily bedecked ballplayers through the j
streets for the edification of admiring
multitudes. He even went so far as 10 j
eliminate Colonel T. Passe Robinson from ,
the festivities, yet notwithstanding all
these breaches of baseball tradition 6000 i
people invaded Recreation Park to witness
the ceremony of formally opening the Cal
ifornia League season of i ??.
There were many familiar faces in the j
grand stand and boxes and on the bleach- i
ers, for the baseball fever seems to have !
broken out again this year with all its ,
old-time virulence. People were there |
who have not witnessed a ball game since j
the days of the Haight street grounds j
and they shouted and perspired and tried ,
to break up the benches just as they did j
in. years gone by.
It was a real pleasure, too, to see Lncle ,
Hennery again mixed up in the sport, for
It assures the public of an honest measure .
of the real article. Jack Bonnet, now de- |
veioped into a real baseball impressand, ;
ana wearing chimneys on his lamps to ;
give -him added dignity of appearance, as |
well as J. T. ran. who may with pro- ,
priety be called the father of baseball on !
this coast and is again in the game as the :
head of the league, were also in evidence. !
Out in the field one looked in vain for \
come of the spavined favorites of the past
who donned a uniform and made a bluff
at playing the game long after they ought ;
to have been content to remain at home j
and play with their grandchildren. But ,
they seem to be shelved now high enough. ,
Old Blockers Hanley rode, his Charley- .
horse down to the park and instinctively
made for the dressing room, but he was
given the he-he by the colts and told he
would have to ill back on the mushroom j
privilege again.
But Rube Levy Is till in It. Rube does j
not cavort over the left meadow any
more; much to the distress of the kinder- j
garten, for he is now a full-fledged ur- j
pire. He made his debut in a white over- ,
garment that resembled his "nightie
With the lower half cut off. A white cap ;
that was not given an opportunity to ob
tain its full growth was perched jauntily
over the bare spot that is beginning to .
show on Rube's block, and altogether he ■
was a thing of beauty to his lady ac
quaintances, who were out In force to
watch him perform. • > j
The game Itself was interesting enough .
to hold the crowd until the close, and al- j
thoUgh it resulted in a shut-out for I nele
Hennery's Native Sons by the Athenians
it was in no way discreditable to the home
team. Iberg was to have gone into the 1
box but he got hit in the- eye with a oall ,
while practicing Saturday sustaining a j
rupture of two blood vessels which will i
keep him out of the game for another j
week. Fitzpatrick, however, pitched a ,
good game, with the exception of the <
Wth inning, when Oakland bunched]
three hits on him. which, with a cluster
of rd-boiled errors, netted two runs.
The result would have been even more ;
disastrous but for a great throw by Hil
derbrandt from right Held, which caught
c Natives missed their great oppor
•tunitv to garner tallies In the second in
ning," when they filled the bases before a
man was retired. But a clever double ,
play spoiled the chance, for the next man j
up. was an easy out. ,''-JL» '
Donovan and HiUlerbrandt distinguished
themselves by making sensational catches
in right field. In the seventh Muller sent
. out a long fly which Donovan went up >
into the air after and plucked with one
hand. In the succeeding inning Hilder- j
brandi destroyed a two-cushion shot lor .
Lee Hammond by getting under the
sphere after a desperate run, and homing
on to it. although he performed some
wonderful ground and lofty tumbling.
" Tne whoie secret (A Frisco s downfall ;
"was Moskiman. It was impossible for |
them to straighten out bis curves, for two
hits, both by young Dr. Pyne. were all
that were recorded to their credit. Moski
man was in great form for the beginning
of the season, and though he did not
make a strike-out record and hit two men •
he only gave two bases on balls. He was
ably supported throughout the game.
Lou Hardie played on the bench yester- i
day, but it was only a temporary arrange
ment. It seems Hardie went out clam
digging during the rain one day last week
and became waterlogged.
San Francisco was tirst up and went out
in one two, three order, though Riley was
fiven his base. Krug followed with a !
rive down to short, forcing Josh at sec
ond and being doubled at first.
Donovan opened the season for Oak- •
land with a beautiful double to right, but ,
got no further. Both sides fielded re
markably well, considering the small
amount "of preliminary work they have
 been able to put in. and the spectators '
settled down to enjoy an even, hotly con
tested game. .
The explosion came in the last half of
the fourth, when-Schmeer opened up with
a single over short. Murphy bunted along j
the line to third and Riley threw high to \
, second to catch Schmeer. The latter kept
on toward third, but was pinched by Hll
g derbrandt, who made a terrific throw
across the lot from right field. Lange's ,
•single to left placed Murphy on third, |
from where he was able to score on Sul
livan's fumble of W. Hammond's bunt.
Borland laced out a single, sending Ham
mond 'to third, that young man sneaking
'•home a moment later when Hartman ab- j
F^nt-mindedly rolled the ball down to
Fitzpatrick.
Iri the lifth Moskiman reached second
on FBlderbrandt's muff of his long fly. i
went to third on Shea's out to first and !
scored on Donovan's long fly to center.
That ended the run-getting, but there :
were frequent narrow escapes from more ;
tallies on both sides In almost every In
ning. Altogether it .was a most satisfac
tory Inauguration. The teams are well :
matched, the public demonstrated that it \
is- ripe for baseball, and if the country i
teams can keep In the procession the sea
son of 1599 will undoubtedly be one of
the most prosperous ever experienced
• here. The score;
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A E
Pyr-p. c. f 4 0 2 0 2 0 0
Riley, 3 b 3 0 0 0 4 2 1
Krug. a. s 4 0 0 0 3 2 0'
Sullivan, 1 b 2 0 0 1 11 % i
Hllderbrandt, r. f... 2 0 00 2 2 1
Muller. I. i 2 0 0 0 10 0
rv.\>!l. 2 b.. ...... ,.. 3 0 0 0 0 10
Hartman, c • 0 . • 9 1 1■ 1
Fitzpatrick, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 26 0 2 I 24 14 4
OAKLAND.
AB. I'- BH. SB. PO A E
Donovan, r. f 3 0 10 2 0 0!
Schmeer, a. 5... *4 0 2 0 3 3 0
Murphy. 11. '• 4 1 0 0 19 ° 0
Large. 3 b 3 0 1 0 0 6 0
XV Hammond, c... 4 1 JO 12 1
Borland. 1. f 2 ° 10 0 0 0
I. Hammond. 2b 3000231
Moskiman. p......... 2 10 0 0 4 0
Shea. c. f -_3 ° 2 — - 1 1
Totals 2S 3 6 0 27 19 2
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Fan Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0-0
Base hits 0 °*2?nnn2~*
Oakland 0 0 0 f' 1 0 0 0 '-?
Base hits 1 0 0 3. 1 0 1 0 •-'
SUMMARY.
Two-base hit— Donovan. Sacrifice hits—
ier. Donovan. First base on errors— Oakland, 2.
First base on called balls— San Francisco. 3.
Oakland, 2. Left on bases— San Francisco, 4,
Oakland. 4. Struck out— Fitzpatrick, 2. Hit
by pitcher— Borland, Sullivan. Double plays—
Riley to Sullivan to Krug: Moskiman to "W.
Hammond to Murphy; Sullivan to O'Nell to
Hiley to Krug. Passed balls— Hartman, 1:
Hammond, 1. Time at game — 1:45. Umpire —
Rube Levy, Official scorer— Stapleton.
Watsonville Defeats Santa Cruz.
"SYATSONYII/LE. March 20.— The first
same of the California baseball league
season was played here to-day between
the Santa Cruz and WatsonvHle nines,
and resulted' in a victory for the latter
by a score of 6 to 3. Pace and Balsz did
the batu-ry work for the Santa Crusans,
while "WhaJen and Hanson performed like
service for the "WatsonviUes. Donlin
pitched the first inning and a half for
WHAT THE CRANKS ENTHUSED OVER.
Santa Cruz, bat was so wild that he had
to retire. Both nines put up gilt-edged
ball throughout the nine innings, the only
ature of the game being
the unnecessary kicking of Captain B:ll
raux.
Exhibition Game at San Jose.
SAN JOSE. March. .?>.— The Sacramento
league game having been declared off,
the reorganized San Jose team played a
game with the first nine of Santa Clara
College, winning easily by a score of IS to
3 Andrews was in the box for San Jose
nnd Borchers played lirst. no one having
been secured for that position. The game
showed that San Jose has a nrdt-class
team for the battle of 1599.
OLYMPIC GUN CLUB
OPENED THEIR SEASON
ATTENDANCE VERY LARGE AT
THE INGLESIDE GROUNDS.
Club Match Won by Nauman by a
Score of Twenty-Four Out of
Twenty-rive Birds.
Although there were several rival gun
club shooting matches yesterday across
the bay the attendance at the Olympic
Gun Club initial shooting of the season
was a great success. The weather was
perfect and the light all that could be de
sired, but there were no record-breaking
scores made. In fact, the shooting was
not up to the usual average.
There were two matches, the first be
ing a preliminary for the club's silver
medal lor the best score made for blue
rocks. This was won by Nauman by the
score of twenty-four out of twenty-five
birds. Williamson was second with
twenty-three birds, and Webb third with
twenty-two to his credit. The second
match was for a purse, each member put
ting in $1 and the club adding another $10.
The purse amounted to $20 and was divid
ed between Xauman, Webb, Williamson,
"White. Owens and Franzer.
The score of the first club shoot was a3
follows:
Ff-urtner 17. Nauman 1:4, Webb 22, White 2"1,
Owens ter 11, Wicker 13. Ston*
17 Mattel-son 17. Allen 14, Lenge 20, Williamson
3, Kl!s»r 10. Gold ter* V), Wlntner 2,
Schurryne 13.
RACING AT OAKLAND.
Six Well-Filled Events Down for De- ;
cision — Big Field of Two-Year-
Olds to Line Up.
Racing: will be renewed at Oakland track i
to-day with a fair card of mixed running j
events. 'The entries are as follows:
First Race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds i
and upward: selling.
871 Sweet William. .lo"?! 616 Fmhmnn 105
i>49 Nora Ives 103: 81 Malnbar 101 i
771 Alicia 103 843 Juva 103 ;
559 Sidelong 10o| 867 Merry Boy 105
554 New Moon 108 865 Yaruba 105 1
£20 Midas 108! 764 Mainstay 108 I
Second Race — One mile; maiden three-year- i
olds; celling:.
842 Pallucas 1141 566 Gold Baron 101
874 Alhaja 10» 42S Bly 101
838 Glengaber 114 842 Purniah 101 j
750 Gold Garter 101 842 Bid Me 99
843 Master Lee 11l
Third Race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse.
■ ... Halifax 101) *56 Burdoc 93
(Sso)Basf>eda 105! 86S Almendral 98
Sl7 Florentia 106 848 Palapa 95
I (75S)Flamora 110 740 Galene 101
i ... Druidess 101 •■• Yoloco 104
. 856 Moana »5 848 Rachel C........101
(733)Batltos 113 868 Loch Katrine. ..lo3
1 848 Ruby Blazes.... 951 ... Racetto 101
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; Billing; three
' year-olds.
£52 Jerry Hunt 10? I(B42) Sweet Cakes 103 !
$77 Rio chlco 105 ; (S(SO)Charmante 33
': 83S Los Medanos....U2l 843 Horton 110
S6« Magdalenas .... 95 843 Balista. 103
Sil Bey Hooker US (S66)Salntly 10C
Fifth Rnce— One and a sixteenth miles; sell- j
! ing: three-year-olds and upward.
■ 7C6 Byron Cross 106 764 Imp. Mistral 11.112 '
■ 851 Wing M &21 Cromwell 112
(E67)TruxHlo Hi
! Sixth Race— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and, upward.
85$ Tom Calvert 108] 855 Jim 8r0wne11...105
858 Etta, II 309 M 7 Oov. Sheehan...lOß
SC3 Highland 8a11. ..1T, 866 Gold Fin 94 |
865 Casdale 94 873 Benamela 105 1
564 P. A. Finncgan.lll 853 Heigh Ho 100 j
j 853 Sly .....103 SoS Jinks M <
Selections for To-Day.
First Race Frohman, Mainstay, Midas.
Second Race— Pallucas, Master Lee, Glen- j
i gaber.
i Third Race— Basseda, Loch Katrine, Flamora.
Fourth. Race— Horton, Los Medanos, Magda
| lenaii.
Fifth Race— Cromwell, Imp. Mistral 11, Trux- I
: lite.
Sixth Race— Jinks, Etta H, Highland Ball.
In the Handball Arena.
The lovers of handball had a field day
in Phil Ryan's court at 858 Howard street
yesterday afternoon. There were eleven
| games rolled off the reel with some ex
cellent results. Champion Nealon saw
himself defeated for the first time in
i months. He either could not or would not
play with his usual vim and pluck, and
] left the court with his feathers drooping.
Tho games won and lost were as fol
■ lows:
B Murphy and J. Collins defeated M. Ma
i gulre and E. Curley. Score: 21-13, 16-21. 21-11.
W Hasten and T. Clements defeated B.
Clements and 1,. Kenny. Score: 21-14, 10-21,
21-18.
J Oaks and B. Clements defeated B. Coilins
and G. Smith. Score: 21-15. IS-21, 21-11.
)• I cyan and W. H. Sieberst defeated E. M.
M< . honough and E. Lynch. Score: 21-13, a 5-21.
! 21-12.
J. Condon and M. Rasch defeated A. Mc
-1 Vlcker nnd T. Leach. Score: 21-11. 9-21, 21-13.
T MfManus and J. Dooley defeated G. War
' ren and G. Sperling. Score: 21-8, 14-21, 21-16.
J. McNmnara and Dr. Emerson defeated S.
Garvey and J. Holster. Score: 21-11, 17-21, 21-14.
};. McLaughiln and P. Ryan defeated R.
il.usman and J. Hoganl Score: 21-19, 13-21,
i 21-IS.
P. Kelly and J. Kearnry defeated R. Murphy
and T. Foley. Score: 21-11, 16-21, 21-19.
R. Linehan and A. Hampton defeated J. C.
Neajon and M. J. KJlgallon. Score: 21-12, 17-21,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1899.
MAUD S WON THE OPEN
STAKE AT UNION PARK
A BIG CROWD WITNESSES SOME
FINE SPORT.
Mercy May the Runner Up— Splendid
Showing of Whitehead in the
Sapling Event.
The crowd that attended Union Cours
ing Park yesterday was only partially
eclipsed by the vast throng that witnessed
the competition for the Joiin Grace cup
some weeks ago on the same grounds. The
excellence of the card and the fact that it
was the only c-"-"ing to be seen in this
portion of the State were responsible for
the large attendance. Betting was ex
tremely lively throughout the afternoon.
All the pool boxes were running in full
blast and every man in them ad his
hands full handling the money of the
eager wagerers.
The open stake was won by Maud S in
clever style, her runner-up bcin - N*ercy
May. The final was short and decisive.
i The two bitches were slipped to a
straightaway hare, and Maud S took the
lead and killed before the turn, making
I the score, by Judge Grace's system of
counting, 3 to 0. Mercy May has been
running several years, but it is only in
the past month that she has shown speed.
The defeat of Gladiator, who was looked
i upon as the stake winner by many, by
j Victor Queen was a sad blow to the "tal
! ent," who backed him heavily. The fol
-1 lowing shortends landed during the run
ning of the open stake events: Rollicking
Airs beat Mayflower at 3 to 5; Lamplight
er beat O'Grady at 1 to 4; Wait a Little
beat Jennie Wilson at 1 10 3; Lady Emma
beat Tod Sloan at 4 to 5; Hadiwist beat
i Victor at 1 to 2; Minerva beat Swedish at
' 1 to 2; Lowlander beat Victor King at 1
to 2; Victor Queen beat Koolawn at 1 to
2; OK Capitol beai Royal Flush at 1 to 4;
i Lady Emma beat Luxor at 1 to 4; Victor
Queen beat Lowlander at 1 to 2: Pretender
beat Lord Byron at 2 to 5; Victor Queen
beat Gladiator at 1 to 2. and Pretender
beat Minneapolis at 4 to 3. In the sapling
event Cinderella beat Cash at 1 to 3.
The showing Whitehead made in the
puppy stake was a surprise to many. The
little fellow had never seen a hare until
Friday last, but yesterday he went out
and beat good performers in fine style.
He has speed and possesses cleverness
and is looKed upon as a coming dog by
expert 3. Following is the way the dogs
ran *
Open stake, second round— Rollicking Airs
boat Mavflower 1 Soubrette beat Expense;
Lamplighter beat O'Grady; "V\ait a Lit
tle ■at Jennie Wilson; Luxor beat Ught
foot; Maud 9 beat Rocket; Lady Emma beat
Tod Sloan; Ida beat Sportsman: Hadiwist beat
Victor: Minerva beat Swedish Imp; Scout beat
Skylark; Lob Boy beat Shy lock Boy: Lowlander
beat Victor King: Victor Queen beat Koo awn;
Gladiator beat Royal Buck; False Flatterer
beat Dempsey Lass; Pretender beat Miss Rab
bit ■ Lord Byron beat October "Woodcock; Min
neapolis beat Kid McCoy; Black Bess beat
Clifton Lass; Theron beat Miss Skyrocket
Jersey Lily beat Flashlight: O. K. Capitol beat
Royal Flush: Mercy May beat White Chief.
Third round— Rollicking Airs beat Soubrette;
Walt a Little beat Lamplighter; Lady Emma
beat Luxor; Maud S beat Ida: Hadiwist beat
Minerva; Log Boy beat Scout; Victor Queen
beat Lowlander: Gladiator beat False Flat
terer- Pretender beat Lord Byron; Minneapo
lis beat Black Bess; Theron beat Jersey Lily;
Mercy May beat O. K. Capitol.
Fourth round— a Little beat Rollicking
Airs- Maud S beat Lady Emma; Lob Boy beat
Hadiwist; Victor Queen beat Gladiator: Pre
tender beat Minneapolis; Mercy May beat
T Fifth' round-Maud S beat Walt a Little; Vic
tor Queen beat Log Boy; Mercy May beat Pre
te Sixtn round— S beat Victor Queen;
Mercy May beat O'Grady in a bye.
Final-Maud S beat Mercy May.
Sapling stake, third Whltehead beat
High Dice: Cinderella beat Cash.
Final— Whitehead beat Cinderella.
Puppy Stake for Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, March 2fl.—Threaten
ing weather this morning had the effect
of somewhat reducing the crowd at the
coursing at Agricultural Park, but toward
noon it cleared up and there was a fair
attendance during the afternoon. The
programme consisted of a thirty-two dog
open stake, with a consolation purse for
the dogs beaten in the rundown. In the
stake Duty won first money, with Merry
Maiden second, Moloch third and Moun
tain Belle fourth.
In the consolation Occidental took first
money, with ABC second, Barry Sulli
v;in third and Lassie Hays fourth.
On the whole the "short-enders" fared
well, the talent being dumped heavily in
several events. Orpheum Lass was unfor
tunate and dropped considerable money
for her backers. Those who pinned their
faith to Duty did well, as she was on the
short end throughout the day, and in the
finals went bepging at one to six.
Next Sunday the first regular puppy
stake ever given on the local field will be
run. There are several promising puppies
coming into' running form, and a stake
was made up to give them a chance.
No Coursing at Stockton.
STOCKTON, March 26.— Owing to the
flooding of Goodwater Grove the Stockton
Coursing Club abandoned the regular
Sunday meeting for to-day. The field was
partially under water and the remainder
was in such shape that owners did not
want to risk their dogs.
RIFLEMEN SHOOT FOR
MEDALS AND HONOR
REGULAR MONTHLY TARGET
PRACTICE AT SHELL MOUND.
The Fair Weather Draws Out the
German Societies and the Co
lumbia Rifle and Pistol
Club.
The riflemen and pistol-shots were out
in force yesterday on the Shell Mound
ranges and a peppering fire, which com
menced In the morning and did not cease
till sundown, attested the Interest the
German shooters took in their target
SP The Xorddoutscher, the Red Men's, tho
Germanla and San Francisco Schuetzen
Vereins and the Columbia Pistol and Ri
fle Club held regular shoots. Ihe weather
was ideal for the sport, no wind to de
flect the shots, and a good light on tin-
targets.
The results were as follow* i
Norddeutacher Schuetzen Club-Champion
cla/s; F. P. Schuster. 42i: first class 11. btel
llngf «6; second claw (final). J. do Witt. 880,
third class, O. Schlnkel Jr.. 392; fourth class,
Ed Btehn, 295; first best shot, V. P. Schuster,
25; last best shot. F. P. Schuster, 22.
Red Men's Schuftzon Companj — Champion
HaF=, Wiilium Kreutzkamm. 399; first class,
William Dressier, 553; second cla?s. I. 11.
Rulffp, 325; third claep. Captain Henry Grieb,
urth class, K. Zempel, M; first l>e?t shot,
William Kreutzkamm, 21; last best shot, E.
Zempel. 23.
Germanla Sehuetzen Club; competition shoot
for Hushnel! medal— J. UtSChig Sr.. 219: Dr.
Rodgers, 221; F. I?. Schuster, 21»; D. B. Faktor,
Competition three-shot shoot of Germania
S-h tetzea Club for cash prizes— J. Utschlg, 70;
Dr. Ilodgers, 71, 73; A. Strecker, 73.
S;m Francisco Schuetzen Wrein l.ullseye
shoot, ten highest scores— A. Pape. 27«; Wil
liam Glindemann. 361; A Juntblut, 380; L.
Uendel, 3M; J. Gafken. 4»5; William Goetze.
430; It. Stettin, 4S'J; D. B. Faktor, 707; D. Sal
field. 72*: F. At tinker. 812.
•"..lumbla Pistol and Rifle Club, pistol range;
Lewtt revolver trophy—''. Roberts. 69, 76. «.
glebe all-comers' Hst'ii medal— P. O. Young,
44, >;i, 7.1. .1. P. Coafrave, ?•.",, 64.
Twenty-two and 2." caliber rifle medal — F. O.
Younß. 28; Mr. C. F. Wait ham. 40. 37; J. F.
Twist. 43, 49.
Olendemann medal, rifle— A. H. Pape, 38, 42.
tS 46; F <'■ Y'luntr. 46, 4 1 *, ."3.
Members' rifle medal— E. N. Moor, 64; C. A.
Bremer, 72; G. Manuel. ?>"..
CRICKETERS MAKE READY.
Twenty-Three Matches to Be Played
During 1899 for the Brown
Pennant.
The Frhedule committee of the Cali
fornia Cricket Association, consisting of
George Theobald of the Pacific Cricket
Club, J. J. Moriarty of the Alamedas and
H. H. Cookpon of the reorganized Call
fornias, has drawn up the following list
of matches for the coming season:
May 7— Alameda Cricket Club vs. Pa
cific Cricket Club.
May 14— Pacific Cricket Club vs. Cali
fornia Cricket Club.
May 21— California Cricket Club vs. Al
ameda Cricket Club.
May 2.S— Married vs. Single.
May 30, Decoration Day— Open.
June 4— Pacific Cricket Club vs. Ala- \
meda Cricket Club.
June 11— Alameda Cricket Club vs. Call- |
fornia Cricket Club.
June 18— California Cricket Club vs. Pa- [
ciflc Cricket Club.
June 20— Banks and Insurance vs. All
Comers.
July 2— Alameda Cricket Club vs. Pa
cific Cricket Club.
July 4. Independence Day— Open.
July 9— Pacific Cricket Club vs. Call- !
fornia Cricket Club.
July 16— California Cricket Club vs. Ala
meda Cricket Club.
July 23 — Banks and Insurance vs. All I
Comers.
July 30— California Cricket Club vs. Pa
cific Cricket Club.
August 6— Pacific Cricket Club vs. Ala
meda Cricket Club.
August 13— Alameda Cricket Club vs.
California Cricket Club.
August 20— Pacific Cricket Club vs Ala
meda Cricket Club.
August 27— Alameda Cricket Club vs.
California Cricket Club.
September 3— California Cricket Club
vs. Pacific Cricket Club.
September 9, Admission Dav — Open.
September 3i«— A. to L. vs. M. to Z.
September 17— Married vs. Single (re
turn,).
September 24— Alameda Cricket Club vs.
Pacific Cricket Club.
October I— Alameda Cricket Club vs.
California Cricket Club.
October &— Pacific Cricket Club vs.
California Cricket Club.
The club winning the highest percent- |
age in the matches in the above sched
ule during the season will receive the
silk pennant presented by Edward
Brown, president of the California Crick
et Association. In reckoning the per
centage of a club drawn matches will
not be counted. All the matches will be
played on the grounds at Webster street,
Alameda, Freeman's Park at Golden
Gate being no long^ available for crick
it' rs. There being three city clubs and j
only one ground, one team will be com- I
pelled to stand out each Sunday.
The newly formed California Club will !
be able to put a strong team Into the j
field, for it includes H. H. Cookson, E. '
G. Sloman, Arthur Dickenson, J. Guild, |
W. Reeves and A. W. Lugg, all of whom I
are well-known cricketers. Among the j
members who have not yet earned a
reputation in California are W. R. Wil
liams of Philadelphia, F. M. Gunn of Ta
coma and W. E. Howells of Chicago.
The Pacific Club has a splendid wicket
keeper and batsman in J. Myers, who.
In the four matches In which he played
last season actually made the highest
batting average. 38.25, but was not eligi
ble for the Burnell prize because he had
not played in enough games. The Ala
medas also will have a good team.
The secretary of the California Cricket
Association has sent communications to
the clubs at Keswick In Shasta County.
P.urns Valley and Lakeport In Lake
County. Loomis In Placer County, San
Jose and Los Angeles, asking them to ap
point delegates to the association. It is
quite likely that both the Lake County
clubs will come into the association, but !
it is doubtful whether Placer County and !
San Jose will be able to get together ■
elevens this season. It is proposed to
make up an All California eleven later j
in the season to visit Portland and Ta- I
coma, Victoria, Vancouver and possibly I
other towns in British Columbia. The i
tour will be under the management of the
California Cricket Association, and oniy
members of clubs In the association will j
be chosen on the representative team.
SWIFT FLIERS
FOOL VETERANS
AT THE TRAPS
San Francisco Gun
Club Shoot.
INITIAL LIVE BIRD SHOOT
ONLY FOUR STRAIGHTS IN THE
MAIN EVENT.
Easterners Vie With Local Men in
the First Contest — A Pool
With Two Clean
Scores.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL. March 26.— The San
Francisco Gun Club held its first shoot
for this year at San Clemente to-day, the
excellent weather bringing out a large
number of live-bird shooters. Owing to
favorable conditions, and especially to the
excellence of the birds released from the
traps, the number of straight scores in
the main event were kept down to four.
H I>oe of Chicago and H. McMurchy
of Syracuse, N. V., together with Rick
lefson and Haight of the club, made the
possible score of twelve, while O. Feud
ner Edgar Forster, P. B. Bekeart and Mr.
Haver scored eleven points. The complete
scores follow:
Daniels, 10; King, 9: Dreyfus, 10: ANeil, 3,
Feudner, 11; Vernon. 9; Forster, 11; Randall,
8- Lee 12: Wands, 9; Suht, 9; Plrl. 10; Koca,
9;' Fole'y 0; Devlin. 9; J. Kullman. 8; Sweeney.
10: Golcher. 10; Shaw. 8; Rlcklefson 13;
Shields. 8; McMurehy, 12; Fanning, 9; Schultz,
10; Bekeart. 11; Lane, 10; Mauer 11; Venker.
8- Klevesahl. 10; Haight. 12; Grubb 9; Johns.
10; Murdock. 10; Miller, 11: Delmas, 8; Leahy
9 H. Kullir.an, 10. Foley quit after, the fourth
shot.
A pool on five birds resulted in two
straight scores by Schultz and Shaw, who
divided first and second money. The
scores in this event were: ' _
Halght I „ ; I*2
Schultz- \ - Q : i '
Klevesahl ::::::::::o 1 1 \Z
k ml * h , i 1201
Daniels • 2 112 2
? haw '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 0 1 0 w .
Leahy •••• ..21220
Vernon ••• 2 11 0w
Lucas 0 0 0 ow
Delmas ••••-
INITIAL SHOOT OF
THE UNION GUN CLUB
McREA WINS THE CLUB MEDAL
BY A GREAT SCORE.
Trombone Does Some Phenomenal
Smashing of Clay Pigeons, Scor
ing 113 Out of 125.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call, |
1428 Park Street, March. 26. t
The Union Gun Club, a combination of
the old Golden Gates and South Ends, ;
had Its initial shoot at clay, pigeons to
day on the grounds of the Lincoln Club.
Alameda Point. The day was an- ideal
one for smashing the clay disks. Some
exceptionally tine scores were made, no- .
tably that of Trombone, whose record for .
the day was 113 out of a possible 125.
The club programme consisted of
matches at 10. .15 and 25 birds, and a
handicap shoot for the club medal.
The first match of the day was a ten
bird event. The score follows:
Trombone 10, Schendel 2. Lewis 3, Sink
witz 6, Lanzer 8, Hoyt 7, Michelssen 5,
Schendel 7. Bonner 3, Dreischman 1,
Mitchell 4, Spiro 1. Fisher 9. Trombone 8.
Wollam 7. Itgen 4, Sinkw it* 7. Hoyt 7,
Michelssen 7, Sinkwitz 7, Fisher 8, Trom
bone 9 t Bonner 3, Dreischman 3, Lewis 2,
ltgen 3, Wollam 6, Schendel 2. Jayete 4,
Spiro 3. Mcßea 10. Trombone 8. Hoyt o,
Hazen 3, McLane 3. '" '
This was followed by the club event, a
25-bird match, to classify for the handicap I
medal shoot, which was the feature of ,
the day's sport. The score:
Mcßea 23. Hoyt 20, Wollam 18, Lewis
9 Sinkwitz 18. McLane 15, Lanzer 7. Ha
zen 13. Fisher 22, Michelssen. 19. Schendel
14 Javete Jr. 13, Ortland 10. M. Mc-
Donald 17. Schultz 14. Beloff 13. Thlebaut >
9, Wichman 9. J. McDonald 16. Mitchell 16, ;
Pisanl 12 Hitchen 15. Thomas 12, Gaster
15, Bonner 13. Drieschman 8. Walput 7,
Trombone 23. Preece 15, Isaac 14. McLane
12. Peterson 19, Liddle 13, Olsen 9, Robert
°The next race was at fifteen birds. The
score follows: McLane 9. Hazen 10, Trom- i
bone 14. Isaacs 8. Olsen 7, Liddle 5, Javete
4, Hoyt 8, Schendel 6. '
The handicap medal match was divided
into four classes. The first class shot at
twenty-five birds. The score:
Fisher 22, Hoyt 20, Mcßea 23, Robinson
16. Lanzer 9. „ _ __,
Second class, twenty-six birds—Sink
witz 18. J. McDonald 20, Peterson 12, M.
McDonald 18, Michelssen 15. Mitchell 12.
Third class, twenty-eight birds— Beloff
7, Schendel 9, Gastor 12.
Fourth class, thirty birds— 14,
Schneider 5, Ortland 20.
Mcßea won the medal and first money,
$3 20; Michelssen and Peterson divided
second money, $2 40; Preese and Itgen di
vided third money, $1 60, and Plsani and
Thomas divided fourth money. 80 cents.
The winner of the club medal holds it ,
for one month, and the member winning
it the greatest number of times- during
the season will be given permanent pos
session.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No Pay Till Cured
!
DR. MEYERS & CO. HAVE CURED
and restored thousands of cases of
nervous debility and contracted ailments
which were abandoned as being past all
earthly aid by other leading physicians.
Dr. Meyers & Co. have the largest prac-
tice and the best equipped medical Insti-
tution In America. Every member of the
staff Is a graduate from the best medical
colleges in the world. They offer you
half a lifetime of practical experience.
Advice and private book free at
office or by mail.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
73/ Market St., San Franc iieo.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Ik a powerful aphrodlslne and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
322 Market street, 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
LIST OF PHIZES.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
OF THE
LOTTERY
-OF THE
BEIEICEIA PUBLIC!
The 122 d ordinary monthly drawing, class C,
drawn in the City of Mexico on March 23,
1899. v
Special Notice— public is cautioned to
beware of concerns claiming to operate lot-
teries in the City of Mexico or any other
point in the Republic of Mexico, as all such
concerns are fraudulent. The Lottery 01 the
lieneficencia Pubiiia is the only one authorized
I and indorsed by the Mexican National Govern-
| ment. Beware of spurious imitations and see
• that all tickets are signed by A. Castillo.
! Intervenor, and U. Bassetti, Manager, as none
j others are genuine.
No. Prize. No. Prize. No. Prize.
132 20 202 20 233 20
2SI 500 255 40 380 20
468 40 730 40 900 40
906 40 917 20 1178 40
1210 40 1213 20 1365 40
1449 20 1465 100 1629 20
1641 20 1715 100 1860.. ...... 20
1991 20 2201 IOOj 2269 40
2251 20 2431 100,2702 20
2881 20 3012 20:3020 40
3386 200 j 3408........ 20 1 3563 20
3918 20 4013 20 4057 20
4417 20 4-130 20! 4629 20
4734 100 MM 20 0133 20
5141 20 5174 40 5282 20
5426 40 5599 20, . .639 20
6598 500 5903 100 5973 40
6011 40, 6029 20 6033 20
Cl6O 40 1 6249 40. 6309 40
6364 20 6414 100, 6451 20
6467 20 6605 80 66.9 20
6654 20 6741 v .. 40 6925 40
7003 20 7012........ 40 7053..; 200
! 7109." 20 7117 40 7172 40
732S 100 7361 20} JtS.c. »
SSil «:::::::: 20, *&::::::: i
! 8138 « 8199 20, 8395 H»
! S4OO 40 8512 20 8617 20
I 8620 100 5627 40 *629 100
8649 20 8757 20 8781 20
■ 8854 20 SSB6 40 9059 20
I 9115 20 9308 20 9361 40
9432 20 9494 100 j 9496 40
1 M 1........ 20 9554 20 9889 20
! 9969 M ■
i 10135 40 10136 40 10527 20
10534 100 10548 40 10613 40
i 10592 40 10893 20 10928 20
10979 20 10998 40 11034 40
11051 20 11110 4011152 40
11319 20111628 11740........ 20
11849.. 2011858 20 11868 100
11933 40 12005 100,12485 100
j 12609........ 20 12735........ .20 13098 20
113278 4013342 '... : 40 13383 20
I 13429 . . 40 13499 100 13508 40
\ 13543.. 4013625 20 13837 100
14006 40 14244 20 14279 20
14491........ 20 14508 20114526 20
■ 14701 50014838 2015000 20
15042 20 15867 20U5146 100
15344 2015417 20115557 20
i 15571 40,15841 2<>!15543 20
I 15894 40 15901 20J15953 100
16036 20 16147 20 16237 40
16260........ 2016343 MIMM :. 100
17074 2017161 40 17189 100
17192 20 17301 40 17382 20
17544 20 17709 20 17852 100
17881 100 17915 20 17992 40
18031 40 18094 100 15185.. 40
18255 20 18335 40 15365 20
18471 ...... 40 18628 20 13897 200
18891 . 2018934 20O!19100 20
19104 40119220 40 19234 40
! 1?263 20 19501 40 19549 20
19592 40 1977S 40 19784........ 20
19804 20J19523... 40 19901........ 40
2019973 100!
20012.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 20 20225 '.'.'.... 40 20227 20
20252 40 20259 20 20314 20
I 20450 20120570 20 205.8 100
20699 ■ 80711 40 20882........ 20
20030 20020947 40:20955 20
20967 .... If* 20990..- 20 21065 200
21133 2021191 1000 21337 100
21595........ 2021603 25 21693 40
21733 . 2021794 20 21904 40
! 21915 "".... 10" 21955 20 21960 40
IMOI 20122101 20 22238 40
2267 ..... 40 22349 20 : 22400 .%. 20
22405 40 22439 40122520....;... 20
I 22566 100,22595 100 22650 20
22705 2022707 40122935 100
I 23056 2023142 40 232'» 40
! 23318 20123366 100 23397 20
23439 2023467 100123472 40
28471 20 234R0 ...... 40 23538 40
23572 23676 23704 20
23907 100 2422S 20 24230 200
24232..: 2024311 ...... 20124465... 1000
24595 20124577 20J24944 20
24979 2025713 .4025757 40
26035 4026127 40 26138 20
' 9 6] 26292 1(X)!26498........ 100
.26637 4026717 40126727..:. .... 40
1 26756 20J26573 ...... 20 26903 20
! 26974. i 20127033...::..; 40 27035 20
27056 20127135 20 27143........ 40
27170 2027195 40 27512 40
87580 . 20 27596 20 27640 20
27906 ... 20125003 2000'')'2^046 20
2*272 20(28348 20128461 < 40
38773"!..... 20J28572 20125917 20
29058 200.29145 20129206 20
28316 20129326 20 29500 20
129543 100129568 20 129602.. 20
■ ! 29649 40:29673.. .. i... 20 29652 20
,29919 20-29951 2029960 40
j 29977 20 !
30002 20 30068........ 20 30310 20
30380 .... 20 30351 20j30415 20
30563 40130691 » 20130709. 40
30798 20|3085l 20131184 40
31350.. 20 31377 40 51403 1000
31456 4031529 40 31834 40
. 31957 20-31971 20.31975 20
32124 20.32270 20 32427 20
; 32467"!!.... 4032574 20132795 100
I 32808 20132923 100132965 20
33019 20 33150 33151 20
33283 20 33306 20 33606 20
i 33853 2033763 40 33785 40
' 33548 40 33858 4034167 20
, 34168 . 20134226 100 i 34361 40
34447 40134543..; 20 34546 40
1 34905 100 : 35233 20 ! 35318........ 100
i 33376 20135482 , 20:35579 40
' 35724 40 35730 40135911 40
' 85925 20136122 4036145 20
36205 40136367 100 36401 40
38453 100136524 20136553 40
36678 2036776 ' 20136813 40
; 36*64 40 36920 20 36939 40
37133 20-37182 40137503 20
37541 20137654 40137740 40
i 37774 ... 20 37790 4037793 40
37864 20|2787« 20 37931 20
i 37942 40137956 20 35031 40
! 35068 20*38131. 20:38116 20
- 35463 40138567 40|35603 20
35827 . . 40135630 200.38739 40
38791 2038913 20 38937 40
35960 39029 200 39102 40
' 39234 20139309 20139334 40
3946S 40 39482 100 39584 100
39605 20 39696 40 39724 20
39787 100 39807 40 S9SSS 100
39915 2039939 20
40219 20 40333 20 40396 100
40459 60000140516 2040501 100
40833 40^40942 20 40985 20
40986 20 40989 4041048 20
41136 2041151 40 41225 40
4129S 40 41304 40 41313 40
41496 40, 41. 144 100 41789 20
4188S 4! r '":{ 100 42021 40
' 42202 20142288 20 42374 20
42418 2 ' 42513 20 42550 20
42688 42810 20 42580 20
42955 20 43059 20143084 40
43094 40 43508 20143537 100
j 43551 20:43619 20! 43672 40
j 43746 20 43846 40 43567 100
44504 20 44592 20 44696 20
44739 20.45132 20 45136 20
.45356 2045557 40 45630 20
45713 40145738 100 45751 100
45752 40 4585S 100145892 20
45903 40 15930 20145951. 20
45952 2046053 ; 40 46072 40
; 46091 2046149 46264 40
i 46355 20 46377 100 46605 40
, 46697 20 46763 20 46794 100
j 46556 20 4702S 20 47126 40
47143 47226 40i47352 20
I 47405 20 47554 40 47609 20
47630 20047718 100!4780£ 20
I 47854 20;48065 40 48166 20
48366 20|45360 4048419 100
48427 40 45430 4048565 20
45633 40 48949 40149049 100
49150 :.. 20 49427 40149676 20
49723 20149759 40149766 20
49799 40149503 40149817 20
j 49826 40 49942 20149952 40
1 50056 20150297 40 50342 40
50444... 200150463 20:50617 600
; 50637 40 50692 20,50856 40
61181 2051277 20 51436 ' 20
51595 20 51645 20151658 40
I 51720 40 51743 1000152050 20
152055 40 52073 20 52244 20
52290 20152480 40152797 . 20
52527 20152951 20-52988 200
I 53023 20 53211 20153225 20
53367 20 .-.3428 20163443 20
153515 40 53697 .... 20153760 40
i 53810 20153908........ 40153977 20
51077 40154156 200154261 20
! 54482 20154640 20|64718 100
154805 20 55027 40155095 20
55206 2055462 200-55472 10000
66483 40 55572 20155615 20
55646 100 55712 20 55733 20
65795 ; 20 55827 • 40155572 20
5590S 40156029 . 500)56078. .' 40
I 56125 40156186 40156197 40
! ! 56206 20i56354 100156393 20
66394 40156464 100156497 40
56532 20156579 40156602 40
! 5664? 56722 40156770.... •>«.
6*970 4057052 40157279 " M
57344 20:57573 40137605 ] 20
67781 20157793 20157539 40
6785S 20157317 20.V7926 20
SIRS 20 57975 40158068 20
58169 4015R209 1058630.... 20
58525 100155693 40 68884 ■ 40
58901 20159012 20169022.. „.. " 20
69102 40159103 100:59373 40
I 59674 100159716 20159741.. -> Q
; 59742 40159830 401
i 60216 4060581 - 20160749.... 100
: 60797 20:60933 20160962 . 20
60984 20:60996 20161054.... 20
! 61055 2061122 20161185 40
61253 200161316. 20161480 600
, 61548 .... 100i61608 40161637 20
61752 40162044 20162070 200
i 62137 40162398. 20162505 20
j 62597........ 100162682 100062807 20
62812 10O;62916 20162976 40
LIST OF PRIZES.^
vr Prize two - Prize. |No. Pr .
&&1 100 63072.... ... 40163183 40
ill ? Pi ■ 4063778 i
SS:::::::: i|S|:::::::: Sg§ : : "5
63959 4063961 2^!1il?" 1
64211 2064226 40 64245 4)
64296 40164375 40 64498 J
64511 20!64529 ,^'^oi? :
64773 20647&6 l'»i »>lX.i-t £
mm?:::::::: 20164942 65045 20
65109 2065119 20 65465 40
65482 40,65577 -'''"':: 2')
65757 100165890 lifilil. ,>
mm 20 66162 20166214 20
66292 10066359 20 66498 20
66530 60066608 20J6673 200.
66813 20 66851 -" 66894 IOT
66939 2 , 66949 40 6.368 ■•••■ 20
67457 40167653 20167664 4-1
67672 2067748 100167993 40
6SCOB 100!fiS069 20:68280 .... 2>
68338 20|68*15 20! 68533 2i
68648 20165538 20168926 20
63030 2069169 200169274 20
69403 2016H559 • 40j
70063 4017006 D 20170325 20
70550 20J70614 100170615 21
70724 20170723 20 7 l "' r '"4 20
71116 2071443 20 71465 20
71C07 40171619 71676 20
71744 20171506 100171513 20
71915 100171983 20! 72069 100
72155 2" 72212 100172281 .....
72294 72323 723!! 20
72390.: 1001724W 20,72441 2^
72413 40172823 100-73013 ?>
73035 20173159 20173481 J... ?)
73498 40)74088 100:74192 40
74261 74.'." 20:74fi32 20
74684 40174771 40174P50 20
75062 40175115..- 20,;75t29 40
75159 20 ! 75255 20 75330 ?">
75377 100175380 100175407 100
75573 20;75718 40i75772 40
16874 20176010 78024 10
760".6 . 2'V 76069 4176209 — l'">>
76320 76491 10076633 ■ »0
78868 100177008 20:77060 2)
77215 40177709 40;77M)9 2»
77579  40 78096 20178203 20
782451. 100178273 40178317 40
78515 40178851 40:79052 40
79165 20 79172 200179182 20
79199 20179316 500179333 40
79343! 10017935S .' 1007 9317 - 1
79563 ." 500179615 2070620 •••• 40
79943!!!.]." 20| i
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 40409 to 40309 inclusive, be-
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $60.000— 560.
100 numbers from 27953 to 28053 inclusive, be-
In* 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $20,000— $40.
100 numbers from 55422 to 55522 inclusive, be-
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of 810.000—
TERMINAL PRIZES.
799 numbers ending with 59, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $60,000— 520.
799 numbers ending with 03, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $20,000—
No 40459 draws first. capital prize of $60,000,
sold in St. Louis, Mo.
No 28003 draws second capital prize of $20,000,
sold in Havana, Cuba, and New York City.
No. 53472 draws third capital prize of $10,000,
sold in New York City.
Nob 21191, 24463. 31403, 51743 and 62682 draw
each $1000, sold in New Orleans, La.. Mexico
City. Binghamton, N. V., Belton, Tex., Ha-
vana, Cuba, San Francisco, Cal.; and Mexico
City.
The regular monthly drawing. No. 123, with
capital prize of $60,000, will take place on April
27 1899
Wholes, $4; halves, $2: quarters. $1: eighths,
50 cents: sixteenths, 25 cents, t'nited Ftates
money. ANTONIO PEREZ.
For the Treasury Department.
IT. BASSETTI. Manager.
APOLINAR CASTILLO. Intervenor.
Prizes Cashed at 35 New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
k- Steamers leave Broadway
alL^ wharf. San Francisco:
3S?SH»tH. For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
BMfßfc^ Mar. 12. 17. --'■ 27; Apr. 1;
RTlXfl^A change at Seattle.
IBMUm! For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
H|k^2^Hi C.) Port Townsend, Seattle.
f>V«| Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
* and New Whatcom (Wash.).
** 10 a. m . Mar. 12. 17. 22,
27; Apr. 1. and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamer«
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Mar.
10, 15. 20. 25, 30; Apr. 4, and every fifth day
thereafter. • _,
For Santa Crux Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Mar. 9, 13. 17. 21. 25. 29; Apr.
2, and every fourth day thereafter. • • ■..
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. Mar. 11. 15. 19. 28, 27, 31; Apr. 4, and every
fourth day thereafter.
Fcr Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas <Mex.). 10 a. m.. seventh of each
month. '•
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chanca
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
an<l hour* of salllntr. \
TICKET OrriOK-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market 3t.. San Francisco.
THE 0. B. & N. CO. "
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Sp*ar-Btr«et Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $1 2 First Class Including Berth*
iMfIL 5.8 Second Class and Meal*.
Columbia Balls March 14. 14; April 3. 13, 23.
State of California sails March 19, 23; April
8 IS 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt».
Helena and all points In the- Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
£30 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MART." Wednesday, April 12
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May «
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. June 1
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW yORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul.... February 22 St. Paul March 13
St. Louis March II St. Louis March 22
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington Feb"y I:, ' Southward March 1
Noordland Feb'y 22 Westernland.. March 15
Frlesland March 1 Kensington March 22
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies,
fmtmm mmi^ The S. S. Australia
Tl&SfcjJlil'sltijL falls ' or Honolulu
[•£*"■** Wednesday. April 5,
hd at 2 p. m.
tS*S^T r ~\ 8. B. Marlposa
IStfrUnSnincJ sails via Honolulu
CylullllJliiy" and Auckland for
(6fllo()[UrK Sydney Wednesday.
\vnifjvntq ApTil 19 at 10 p m
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; 1610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIC.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. »-rrr
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m Yr>
from Pier 42, North River, foot of *■*•■••■*
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE. April 1; LA
CHAMPGNE, April 8; LA BRETAGNE, April
15; LA TOURAINE, April 22; LA GASCOGNE.
April 29. First-class to Havre. $65 and up-
ward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45. 10 per rent reduction
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 3 Bowling
Green. New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pa-
cific Coast Agts., 5 Montgomery live.. S. F.
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE
NEW YORK-ROTTERDAM. VIA BOU-
logne. The Short Route t«> Karl.*,
NEW Twin-Screw Slwmw »U>TTKRDAM
(8300), STATENDAM OfrfcX*). Kirn Cabin. $50
upward; Second Cabin. J37.
Saloon steamers MAASIXVM. {U'AAUNPAM.
etc.. $37.
Sen.l for Illustrated HarwiKvK an>t SaUtuRS to
THOS. COOK & SON. r«ot(U> O**t J^wcnger
Agents. 621 Market fUrorl. &* n yranotiW.
BAY AND BIVEH. STEAMERS.
~FObTs7 NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJOr
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tubs., Wed., Thur*. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m.. 3:15, 8:10 p. m. (ex. Thurs, night); Fridays
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., S p. m.
Landing and office, Mlssion-st. Dock. Pier No.
2. Telephone Main 150 S.
FARE 56*WHATSOEVER A
MAN SOWS THAT
SHALL NE REAP
Mr. Moody's Exhorta
tion to Young Men.
BUILD UP THE CHARACTER
THE HARVEST THAT COMES TO
..j THE WRONGDOER.
A Grand Chorus of Two Thousand
Male Voices Sing the Hymns at
•. the First Congregational
Church.
t-very scat, aisle, nook and corner of
the <>; of the First Congrega
tional Church v . a yesterda
n t y. an . of m< n assem
bled' to b< ar Mr. Moody preach U
special sermon.
Ttte evangelist seems to be at his best
vhen admonishing the erring masculine,
♦-specially the more youthful portion of
thats-ex, because they are particularly in
need, of saving grace and because they,
he holds, are the hope of the world. Yet
the -old ones do not quite escape his at
tention, because they have a duty In the
■way -of example.
'.'lf you teach your boy to tell a lie for
you," said Mr. Moody, "soon he -will tell
I t you." And again: "A Chicago
merchant once complained to me of the
increasing dishonesty of his clerks and
1 called his attentii n to the duties forced
on those clerks to deceive the customers
- they were sell
. told him if ills employes were or
dered to sell. ■ c woolen goods,
thereby deceiving the public, could he
. am if the employe taught to rob
the customer turned around and robbed
the teacher?"
•Th-e services began by Professor Tow
ntr singing, with . hirus by the audience,
"And I Shall See Him Face to Fa<
Tell the Story Saved by Grace." It was a
noble me] .5 of fully
80Q0 v ball with floods
I r.g.
■ -'.Following t several hymns
Mr. Mood] - riurse from the
:er of Galatians: "Be not de
r whatso
ever a man soweth that snail he also
reap."
"Sowing and reaping," said the revival
ist. "I want to ' got that in your minds.
No matter what the sowing is. the reap
ing, will be In like order. Jacob sowed
when he decei-ved his. father and his har
vest was in like order. Note this: As no
table a person as Jacob— third in the line
of the covenant, back in the early dawn
of humanity, reaped that which he sowed.
H« killed a kid and with its skin and
flesh; deceived n i s father and robbed Esau
of a birthright. His ten wicked sons sold
the .favorite boy Joseph into slavery,
killed a kid, dyed Joseph's coat In the blood
: and deceived Jacob for twenty long,
retched years. He sowed and reaped.
David's, greatest sin was adultery, and
this, sin afterward in his household
brought dishonor, death and rebellion to
• his latter wretched days. Judas was a
mean, .miserly, dishonest man, and he
! reaped the thirty pieces of silver, the
gallows tree and the infamy of all time.
' "Be-not deceived. This text written In
this. book will stand. The one who wrote
never deceived and never can be deceived.
° Characterless sinners deceive and are in
tarn -deceix-ed. Character !s everything.
Some people think we spend too much
• money .trying to build up character. In
my tawn recently $10,000 was spent in
hanglrtg a young man. "We might have
got. some character in him for much less
and. saved him as well as all that money.
A drunkard is deceived because he never
Intended to become such. But he kept
at it till he is lost, body and soul. And
the man who sells him the whisky: will
he not reap of the intoxicating cup? And
v hat of the church member who in any
way countenances this hellish traffic — the
whited sepulcher who indirectly encour
ages the .irk that sends 300 young men
to drunkards' graves every twenty-four
hours.? I wish I could dwell on this
thing that is robbing our men of char
acter, respectability, Christianity, life
and the hereafter. You who are engaged
In the cursed business, better starve In
the 'Street than continue to drag men
d'owTi. What a martyr he would be who
died xather than sell whisky. The church
has .so few martyrs nowadays one would
be a blessing to it.
• ■ "David's sowing brought upon him the
fins -of his children. What is so bitter
to- a parent as the stab of a son. I would
rather a chiW of mine would kill me out
right than be years in doing so. It is
heartless to .hear a young fellow say.
Epeaking of his fathers faith: "I've had
Teligion crammed down my throat and I
have got enough of it.' As if any soul could
g-pt lenoue-h of what will make a man of
him 'and "save him through all eternity!
When! you hear a young man speak of his
parents as the 'old man' or the 'old
woman.' look out for his reaping. Isn't
s-in awful bitter? Is there any enemy
like sin? It Is hard to reap, but harder
still when you maße others reap wun
* At the close of his address Mr. Moody
asked everybody that would seriously
think on what he had said and make
an effort to improve their manner of liv
ing to aris"e. and all present stood up
while the evangelist offered an earnest
prayer that they might be guided in the
way. -of truth and light.
GOD'S WONDERFUL WAYS.
Little Things Selected for the Ac
complishment of Great Works.
Mr. Moody'? discourse in the forenoon
at* th» First Congregational Church was
ion on God's use of little and often
.!fioar.t instruments for the accom-
; oent of great and important things.
This .18 nnc of the mysterious ways in
which the divine power performs its woo
one, said the preacher, used to
Mat he was too lowly for the work of
Creator.
"In fact." continued Mr. Moody, "God
irs to" make tnora real, practical use
and 5r.%11 people than one
wiuiri lii'iapine at first thought. Some
how he works up the poor material into
lr.stfym.ent-s fit for the divine labors.
Ch\rist didn't go to the doctors of the Ban
ned!^ -for preachers, neither did he pick
- out the cultured priests of the temple at
J. rusalerh for preachers. He went down
on the' Bhorea of Galilee and picked up
■ pome unl<" • Titicn and made the
ministers of the gospel "fishers of oca, 1 as
;:pU them. And their preachings and
■wri'ines proved the wisdom of his selec
tion Aaron took a small stick in his
1 and and bearded the king of Egypt in
his palace. The great, wise men of the
laughed at that small rod and
laughed at Aaron when he asked for the
emancipation of a nation. And yet Aaron's
rod was a magic wand that set Israel
The power of the Almighty was be
t and Pharoah bowed to its potency.
a pimple thing as the blowing of the
horn hrok" down the walls of Je
the key to the winning of the
Vsed Land.
id took a shepherd s sling when he
in to' conquer Goliah. God walked
Bide f«nd he won the battle Be
ring- out to fight he refused Sauls
word shield and armor, for he knew the
the shield and the breastplate of
Lord was there in his defense and he
.... Hp selected flve small
from the brook and even this was
■10 many, for the first shot did the
tcbing the war giant dead on the
true God often picks the great
work. None are too great for the
■ the Almighty, as also none are too
hum 1 . - for a divine mission. Paul was a
ir.lghf m an i n the work of persecuting
v .pie at first and afterward was
one of the mighty warriors in the service
of the Lord. The Almighty can shape
all kii :i" of crude material for his serv
ice."
Thh« rr rning at 10 o'clock Mr. Moody
will bojd a meeting at the hall of the
Young Men's Christian Association. He
stated that he has published a small book
to young men, which he desires that they
may possess. Any one leaving his address
tnis morning at the association's rooms
» o.t!' elve a C °P>" free - Thls afternon
at 1:30 the evangelist and Professor
Towner will h^hi their last services In
"> »J rst Congregational church, Post
and Mason streets. Mr. and Mrs. Moody
and party will leave on the 6 o'clock train
to-night for Salt Lake City.
EVANGELIST MOODY
AND HIS WORDS
Rev. W. E. Dugan of the Stewart Mem
orial Church at Guerrero and Twenty
fifth streets delivered a discourse entitled.
"Evangelist Moody and His Work," last
evening.
The clergyman pronounced Moody the
greatest evangelist that has ever lived—
even greater than White-field. He re
viewed the struggles of the exhorter's
boyhood and the efforts of his early ca
; reer. In ISSS, -while In Chicago, he rented
three pews in a church with an object of
: keeping them occupied by young men and
j boys. Later he established missions and
! schools. Continuing, the speaker said:
i "The amount of good this man has done
; for the world can never be estimated. In
J the years he has devoted to the teaching
I of Gods doctrine he has converted thou
j sands and shaken the infidelity of nations.
! Wherein lies his power? He is an ordi
i nary, unassuming man, with a voice that
! shrieks like a parrot's, and he certainly
j has no personal charms. We must con
sider that it lies in the fact that God has
I seen fit to work great things through hia
! instrumentality. In this Is a lesson. That
! God often chooses the weak to accomplish
: his will that it may be proven to men
; that all things are done, not by might
and power, but by his spirit.
"Every act of his daily life is symbolical
'. of humility and every fiber of his being
dances to accomplish acts for the good of
.the universe/J
'REST TOR THE SOUL."
Rev. Richard Tjader Preaches to
Women at Y. M. C. A. Auditorium.
A special meeting for women only was
His Grace Archbishop Riordan Blessed the
Palms at St. Mary's Cathedral.
held yesterday afternoon in the V.! M. C.
A. auditorium. There was a large audi
ence present when R. S. Boyns, general
secretary of the Sacramento Young Men's
Christian Association, who presided,
opened the meeting with a short prayer.
Rev. Richard Tjader of Stockholm
delivered an interesting address, first pre
facing his remarks by singing the hymn.
"O Land of God. I Love Thee So," in
which the whole congregation joined. He
chose for his text the beautiful Bible
story of the wandering dove and the ark.
"Many of us." he said, "are like that
dove, looking for a place to rest. Our souls
are flying and flying in the endeavor to
Qnd it. In the United States the people
need that rest for the soul more than any
ration, for it is the most restless in
the world. The soul can find rest only
with the Lord of Hosts.
"My soul at one time was restless, and
I thought Christianity ww made only for
women and little children. But I soon be
came undeceived. Satan tempted me to
seek after worldly things, but after ob
taining them I found, lfke the little i boy
who snatched at the soap bubble, that I
had nothing. Rest for the soul is what
we should all strive to attain.
Rev. Tjader referred feelingly to the
conversion of his sister on her deathbed,
her last words being, "There is no real
lov in the world without Jesus.
"Have your peace," the preacher con
cluded, "in the deep depths of your heart,
and give yourself to God and you will cer
tainly gettbat beautiful rest of the soul."
AT THE PAEK AND CLIFF.
McCoy and Stelzner Give a Boxing
Exhibition at the Chutes.
Great crowds had great fun at the park,
Cliff and surrcunding pleasure grounds
rday, and not an accident resulted.
The attraction of the day, however, was
at the Chutes. "Kid" McCoy and his
trainer. Jack Stelzner, were billed for a
three-round boxing match, and the match
came off. About 5000 people witnessed the
bout and the ladies in particular were
Jubilant at the opportunity to see the
man in action who proved the master of
noDular Joe Choynski. Btelzner is much
Weightier than the "Kid," but it was a
pretty match, growing warm at times
and savored of a contest to a finish.
At the park the crowd was large, but
the majority of people seemed to head for
the beach for the day's outing. Sutro s
baths were also well patronized by ad
mirers of aouatic sports The r^ ul L 3 % f
the contests follow: 50-yard dash--C.
Donovan, first: H. Seebach, second. High
divin* for boys— C. Donovan, first; B. En
erick second. Obstacle race— E. Boni
field first; J- Jackson, second. Trapeze
divlng-W. Hurley, first; E. Bonlfleld,
second Springboard dlving-C. Donovan,
first- E Bonifield, second. T'nder-water
=wimming-J. A. Johnson, first; E. Win
fieid second. C. Donovan carried off the
honors of the day, he being first on three
occasions, and was awarded a silver
medal.
Born in the Hospital.
Mrs. Justine Bailey, 681 Mission street,
was taken to the Receiving Hospital
ear'y yesterday morning and gave birth
to a girl baby. Her husband has gone to
the Klondike to search for gold. A little
boy 2, years old is also with her at the
hospital, as she Is without funds or a
home.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1899.
PALMS WERE
DISTRIBUTED AT
THE CHURCHES
Final Sunday of the
Lenten Season.
EXbRCISES AT ST. MARY'S
HIS GRACE ARCHBISHOP RIOR
DAN BLESSED THE PALMS.
There Were Special Services at Near
ly All the Churches in the City-
Yesterday in Observance
of the Day.
Yesterday was Palm Sunday and was
observed by all the Catholic and X
tant churches in the city. The day is of
! peculiar significance, not only on account
lof commemorating Christ's triumphant
i entry into the city of Jerusalem, but it was
the last Sunday in Lent, and from that
day until Easter Sunday is a period ob
j served as most sacred and known by the
whole Christian world as Holy Week.
The services at St. Mary's Cathedral,
both In the morning and evening, were
! most solemn and impressive. The high
i mass at 11 a. m. was very largely attend
! Ed, the aisles being crowded throughout
! the whole service. His Grace Archbishop
I Riordan blessed the palms before the cele
bration of high mass and, as is usual,
they were presented to the faithful, the
congregation reverently presenting them
selves at the high altar and receiving
I them from the hands of Fathers Demp
| sey and Ramm.
The sermon was preached by the Rev.
| Father J. J. Prendergast. He delivered
;an eloquent discourse, impressing upon
his congregation the great importance of
' the day and also urging them to do all in
i their power to observe the next few days
i and to devote as much of their time as
possible to examining their consciences
' so that they might be prepared to cele
i brate Easter Sunday as ordered by the
■ church. At the evening vespers and bene
diction the sermon was preached by the
; Rev. P. E. Mulligan. Palms were again
distributed after they had been blessed
, by the Archbishop.
At St. Ignatius the day was solemnly
i observed by the Jesuit Fathers. At high
! mass in the morning palms were distrib
! uted at the close of the service, each of
I the congregation receiving a branch,
I which was handed them by the ushers
ias they left the sacred edifice. The ser
i vices at the evening vespers were espe
cially arranged for the occasion, the Rev.
I Father Woods delivering the sermon. The
j beautiful composition. "Palms," was well
rendered by John Desmond, and a select
!ed quartet, composed of Sidney Hope
, craft. J. Desmond, W. "Woods and Pro
fessor Berger, sang a number of the re
sponses.
At St. Luke's Church the sermon was
preached by the Rev. Dr. Putnam of New
York. In the morning at the close of the
: .sermon the holy communion was admin
istered to the congregation.
At the Westminster Presbyterian.
Church the Rev. R. Tjader delivered a
stirring sermon, taking for the subject of
j his discourse, "When he saw the city he
wept over it." After drawing his llsten
! ers' attention to the fact of how the mul
| titude paid homage to our Lord on his
I -way to the Holy City the speaker said
j that Christ could not but forget the grand
I scene and with his thoughts in the future
grieve to think that in a short time
those who were now shouting Hosanna
might be calling, "Crucify Him! Crucify
him!"
A LECTURE ON CRANKS.
Bey. Dr. Locke Discourses on Men
With Wheels in Their Heads.
Central Methodist Church, on Mission
street, was, as usual, crowded to the
doors at the evening service. As a conse
quence of the crowded condition of this
place of worship during the evening serv
ice It was announced that, commencing on
the third Sunday in April, the evening
service will be held in the Metropolitan
Temple for at least four Sabbath nights.
The subject for last night was: "Some i
Cranks and What They Have Accom
plished." Dr. Locke's text was Daniel
1:8. "But Daniel purposed in his heart
that he would not defile himself with the
portion of the King's meat nor with the
wine which he drank." In his sermon
last night Dr. Locke said: "The diction-
' ary definition of a crank Is one who lacks
mental poise and who is subject to im
practicable notions; but the masses of the
people apply the term crank to any in
! dividual who lives ahead of his time and
I steadily stands by his convictions, and
who is willing to suffer, if need be, for his
beliefs. I want to talk about some great
men who have been disparaged at one
period of their lives by being called
cranks and at a later time have been
crowned and honored as heroes.
"The world does not known its greatest
' men. It requires the perspective of the
years to discover the colossal proportions I
of truly great men. The fear of being
classed among fanatics has prevented
many a man from rendering valuable
service to his age. The reformer must be
valorous. The howling mob is composed
of cowards. The pivotal points upon
■which God has turned the epochs of his- |
tory have been men or women whose con- \
temporaries have denominated as cranks. :
It will be remembered that seven cities |
contended for Homer dead, through which
the living Homer begged his broad.
"Time is a just retributor. 'Tempora (
i Mutantur,' etc. — 'Times are changed and ;
Iwe are changed in them.' One age ex- j
ecutes Savonarola upon a scaffold and a j
later period honors i.im as a saint." I
Dr. Locke then called the names of j
1 many who had been denounced as cranks ;
i who are now regarded as makers of civil
| tzatlon: Daniel, Paul, Peter the Hermit,
j John Huss, Luther, Knox, Wesley. \\ 11
--! liam Carey, William Taylor, John Brown,
i William Lloyd Garrison, Harriet Beecher
Stowe, Neal Dow, Frances Willard, and)
closed the list with most appreciative ref
erences to Dwight L. Moody, whom he
said was "A flaming herald of the cross, j
whose love and enthusiasm have enlarged j
the boundaries of Christ's kingdom on
earth and have greatly increased the
population of the redeemed in heaven."
Concluding, Dr. Locke said: "The
cranks that God can use and is using to
day are those humble followers of Christ
who believe'in repentance, pardon, purity,
self-denial and brotherly love. An army
of «uch constituted m<-n is needed in
every city. Goodness is greatness, purity
| is power. " — — — — r=r
IN THE INTEREST OF
HOME INDUSTRIES
THE MISSION OF SAMUEL C.
IRVING.
Goes to Washington to See That in
Government Contracts California
Is Given Fair Treatment.
Samuel C. Irving, manager of the Paraff
lne Paint Company of this city and a
prominent member of the Chamber of
Commerce, Manufacturers' and Produc
ers' Association and a number of other
organizations the purpose • f which are
to look out for home industries, left
yesterday for "Washington. He Will in
terview the Supervising Architect of the
Government and other officials and ask
that in the letting of the contracts for
Government buildings to be built San
Francisco labor and materials be given a
fair opportunity to compete with the
Eastern people.
The Government is about to construct
a number of buildings in and about San
Francisco and the plans and specifica
tions contemplated by the Government
Architect provide for a great deal of
Eastern material. In one instance the
contract for the roofing of the barracks
of the naval station at Terba Buena Isl
and has been let to a Philadelphia con
tractor. Correspondence between thu
contractor and firms engaged in the same
line of work in this city brought to light
the fact that the roofing to be us* is a
patent and all of the material will be
sent here from Philadelphia and laborers
from the East are to be brought out to
do the work. ■ ~v : - , . , «k
In another line it Is the claim of the
architect at Washington that hollow til
i ing and terra cotta work are not as sat
j isfactory here on account of earthquakes
!as concrete or expanded metal. The lat
ter materials are all patented articles
■ and only manufactured in the East. Con
tractors here say that the theory of the
architect is incorrect, and as proof of
their claim show that in nearly all of
the large buildings in San Francisco the
hollow tile is used. In the new Postoffice
building the use of the hollow tile would
relieve the foundations of 3000 tons of
«»£,( Of H t
Believing that there has been an unjust
discrimination made against California
material and labor, the contractors will
seek to see that the matter is remedied.
Senator Perkins and Representatives
Loud and Kahn have already stated the
case to the authorities, and Mr. Irving,
being well posted in technical know. edge
| of the matter, will follow up the work
i done 'goes particularly to look out for
He goes particularly to look out for
i the interests of his own firm, but will
i make a plea for all the industries which
have been discriminated against. Vi ith
him he takes letters from the Chamber
of Commerce, the Manufacturers' and
Producers 1 Association, the Technicologi
cal Association and a number of other
organizations whose interests he will rep
resent. There is every hope among the
members of the associations that his
mission will be successful. Nothing will
be asked from the Government officials
but fair treatment. The principal de
mand will be that in the plans and speci
fications which call for Eastern material
clauses be inserted providing that ma
terials as good may be used.
CHILD STUDY CLUB
ELECTS ITS OFFICERS
Excellent Papers Read by Professor
Cubberly, Dr. George H. Mar
tin and Miss Eliza D.
Keith.
The annual meeting of the State Homo
and School Child Study Club was held
Saturday afternoon. The morning ses
sion was given over entirely to business
and the followeing officers were elected
for the ensuing: year: Honorary presi
dents—Mrs. Phebe Hearst, Mrs. Sever
ance; president. Mrs. E. G. Greene; first
vice president. Mrs. Kincaid; second vice
president. Mrs. L. H. Brown; third vice
president, Mrs. Elsa Hasse; fourth vice
president, Mrs. Churchill; directors— Mrs.
M. L. O'Neal, Mrs. Sarah Smiley, Miss
Kate Banning, Mrs. EL O. Burns, Miss
Sarah D. Hamlin, Mrs. May Cheeney,
Miss Grace Barnard, Miss R. F. English,
Miss Anna Stovall; advisory board— Dr.
Dressier. Miss Milicent Shlnn. Mr. Blan
chard, Mrs. K. F. Walker, Madison Bab
rock Frank Morton, Professor Elmer
Brown, Dr. E. Merrltt, Mlsa Keating, Dr.
Florence Ward, Dr. Charlotte Brown, Dr.
Dorothea Moore.
The afternoon session was given over
to the reading of papers. Professor Cub
berly of Stanford, Dr. George H. Martin
and Miss Eliza D. Keith read some very
excellent essays and were rewarded by a
vote of thanks extended them by the
president, Mrs. Greene, In the name of the
association and its guests.
UPHELD THE ACTION
OF JUDGE LORIGAN
The Supreme Court Sustains His Ap
pointment of a New Board of
Directors of San Jose's
Union Bank.
The Supreme Court upheld the ac
tion of Superior Judge Lorigan of Santa
Clara County in his appointment of a
new board of directors of the defunct Un
ion Bank of San Jose. The action of the
lower court was questioned by Charles
P. Braslan, who sought to secure from
the higher court a writ of certlorari in
order to review the action of the San
Jose Judge. Soon after the bank was
known to be in an unsafe condition the
Bank Commissioners began proceedings
to throw it into liquidation and the direc
tors were served with the papers in the
case. One by one they resigned and the
shareholders elected a new board, of
which Braslan was a member. Again
the directors resigned, excepting Braslan.
and the court made an order appointing
another board, omitting Braslan from the
list. Then he petitioned for a writ to re
view the matter.
Braslan contended that the order ap
pointing a full board of directors, which
practically ousted him from an office to
which he claimed to have been duly
'■ elected, was in excess of the jurisdiction
of the court and void, because it was
made without notice to him, and because
it did not appear that the occasion had
arisen for such action by the court. The
opinion denying the petition was written
ADVERTISEMENTS. _„_
CITYOFJjjj| PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
CLOAK AND SUIT
DEPARTMENT.
..EASTER NOVELTIES..
EXCLUSIVE DESIGNS. MODERATE PRICES.
IMPORTED SILK AND LACE COSTUMES. WHITE AND
COLORED ORGANDIE SUITS, CONFIRMATION DRESSES,
ELEGANT SILK AND LACE CAPES, SILK AND CLOTH
JACKETS. The largest assortment ever shown in
San Francisco.
We make a specialty of $25 TAILOR-MADE SUITS in eight
different styles and principal colors.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY EXECUTED.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francises.
UNION SQUARE.
by Chief Justice Beatty and concurred
in by Justices Temple and Van Dyk*.
Concurring opinions were written by
Justices McFarland and Garoutte.
WEATHER REPORT.
PAN FRANCISCO, March 26. 5 p. m.
The followine are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
reason and rainfall In last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka • 0.00 30.55 28.51
Red Bluff ::i::::B:: CM) 15.49 $5
Sacramento 0.00 13.:-1
San Francisco 0.00 15.35 7.5b
Fresno 0.00 6.-1 4.16
Pan Luis Oblspo 0.00 14.82 8.08
Los Angeles 0.00 4.73 5.23
San Diego 0.00 4.64 4.09
Yuma 0.00 1-34 1.62
San Francisco Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, 46; mean. 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over the Pacific Slope.
Lieht snows have occurred during the day In
Utah and Wyoming.
An area of high pressure la central north oi
Montana, ■while the lowest pressure Is reported
fmm Arizona. The pressure has risen over
the Rocky Mountain region and fallen Blighty
alocg the northern coa?t.
The temperature has risen slightly along the
Pacific Coast and fallen over tne Rocky Moun
t.nn region and Arizona.
Condition* are favorable for fair -warmer
weather in California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight March 27, 1899:
Northern California— Fair Monday; warmer;
fresh northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh west
wind.
N» vada — Fair: warmer Monday.
Utah— Occasional snow Monday.
Artiona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
warmer: fresh northerly wind.
G. H. WILLPON, Local Forecast Official.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than Rt Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, MARCH 27.
Sun rises «:01
Sun sets '. 6:23
Moon rises 0:00 p. m.
0
0
a
ll.::-
-28 ..'.]
Ft.
5:23 0.5 11:54
6:02 0.2 12:41!
IW L W
0:11 5.7 6:49
0:45 5.7 7:36
1:26 5.8 8:33
2:15' 5.6' 9:34!
3:14 5.5 10:40
m
I 4.8
5:20 1.61 11:411 5.«
I 5:55) 1.9
H Wl ILW
1:31 4.7 6:341 2.2
2:30 «- l 7:16 : **-
3:39 4.3 8:10 2.9
I 4:50 4.3 : 9:14 3.1
6:02 4.4! 10:35) 3.1
29 ....
30 ...
«...
0.0
0.2
—0.2
—0.2
-0.2
! l ...
:
NOTE— In the above «xposltion of the tides
I the early morning tides are given in the left
I hand column and the successive tides of the
i day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
1 second time column gtves the second tide of
I the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except where there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur The height 3
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
! and then the number given Is subtracted from
| the depth given by the charts. The plane of
! reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Stasmer.
Ettrickial? (China and Japan ' Mar. 27
Chllkat 'HumboMt Mar. 27
State of Cal Portland Mar. 27
North Fork ! Humbnldt Mar. 27
Alliance 'Portland M.ir. 27
Coquillo River. |Grayn Harbor Mar. 27
Coos Bay iNewport !Mar.27
Willamette 'Seattle IMar. 2S
Wyefleld Nanaimo iMar. 2S
Australia (Honolulu IMar. 2S
Umatilla [Victoria & Puget Sound : Mar. 2f
Pomona IHumboIdt [Mar. 28
Fulton (Portland Mar. 29
Curacao IMexico IMar. 23
Corona 'San Diego ! Mar. 29
City of Sydney. iPanama (Mar. 29
A. BIanchard...iCoos Bay Mar. 30
Luella jTillamook |Mar. 30
Sltrnal (Grays Harbor Mar. 30
Mackinaw ITacoma IMar. 30
Point Arena |Point Arena IMar. 30
Arcata ICoos Bay (Mar. 30
Newburg [Grays Harbor Mar. 31
Wellington (Departure Bay Mar. 31
Columbia iPortland Mar. 31
Orizaba INewport Mar. 31
Crescent City... 'Crescent City Ap!. 1
Townsend Coqullle River Apl. 1
Nippon Maru.. <^htna and Japan lApl. 1
Queen IVirtorla A- Puget SoundlApl. 2
Panta Rosa Pan Diego lApl. 2
Weeott If'oos Ray \p\. 4
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Weeott Yaqutna Bay. Mar. 27, 5 pm!Pier 13
C'hllkat IHumboldt 'Mar. 27. 2 pmjPier 13
Walla Wall I Vic & Pgt Sd. 27. 10 am 'Pier 9
Santa Rosa|San Diego — Mar. 27. 11 am'Pler 11
Colon (Panama I Mar. 28. 12 m PMSS
Coob Bay... [Newport !Mar.29, 9 ami Pier 11
State Cal...!Portland ! Mar. 29. 10 am,Pier 24
Aloha ! Point Arena. .[Mar. 29. 3 pnvPier 2
Pomona 'Hurr.boldt 'Mar. 30, 2 pmjPier 9
Corona |San Diego IMar. 31, 11 amiPier U
t'matilla ..iVIc ft Pgt Sd.:Apl. 1, 10 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Apl. 1, 3 pnvPier 3
Arcata IToos Bay Apl. 1, 4 pm Pier 13
Orixaba ....'Newport Arl- 2. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia ..IPortland Apl. 3. 10 am Put 24
Steamer.
Destination.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A hraach of the United States Hydrogrmphle
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained 1n San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, iangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived pach day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. Is published
in the morning papers Jhe following day.
W. S. HUGHES,.
Lieutenant, U. 8. N., In chars*.
SHIPPIXG IHTELIiIGBIfCB.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. March 26.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, 11 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, S3 hours from Ta
coma.
Btmr ( Chilkat, Anderson, 25 hours from Eu
reka. <
Stmr GtDsy, Lel.ind, 21 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Cleone, Higrglns. 23 hours from Eureka.
Schr Coquille River, Pearson, s\i days from
Coquille River.
Schr Enterprise, Erratt, 11 days from Ev
erett.
Schr Wing and "Wing, Slmmle. 7 days from
Coos Bay.
SAILED.
Sunday. March 26.
Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs, Seattle.
Stmr National City. Dettmers.
Ship S P Hitchcock, Gates, Hllo.
Chll ship Temuco, Svenson, Victoria.
Bktn S Q Wilder, Jackson, Honolulu.
Bchr Newark. Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, Coquille
River.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Sorenson, New What
com.
Schr Townsend. Hughes, Coquille River, v >
Schr Kodiak, Thomas, <")rca.
RETURNED.
Chil ship Temuco, hence this morning for
Victoria, returned on account of having foul
anchor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 26, 10 p Weather
hazy; wind calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 24— Schr Abble.
from Caspar. March 25 — Stmr South Coast, fin,
Eureka.
Sailed March 25 Stmr Pasadena, for Eureka.
March M— Bcfar Louise, for Umpqua; schr Sal
vator. for Olympla. • .'-.- -.-, .
CASPAR— Arrived March 28— Stmr Navarro,
hence March 24.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived March 26— Stmr
Noyo. hpnce March 25.
GREENWOOD— March 26— Stmr Alca
zar, for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— SaiIed March 26— Stmr City of To
peka, for Dyea.
Arrived March 26— Stmr Czarina, hence March
23.
ASTORlA— Arrived March 26— Br stmr Mon
mouthshire, from Yokohama; stmr Columbia,
hence March 24.
Sailed March 26— Stmr Fulton, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived March 2!—
Nor stmr Titania, from Xanalmo.
ALCATRAZ LANDlNG— Arrived March 26—
Stmr Ruth, from Moss Landing-, and sailed for
San Francisco.
VENTURA— SaiIed March — Stmr Geo Loo
mis, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed March 26— Schr C
S Holmes, for Honolulu.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed March 25— Bark
Coloma, for Tientsin.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed March 26— Stmr Kasta
lla. for Glasgow. .
PHILADELPHIA — Arrive*! March 25— Stmr
Nederland. from Antwerp.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 26— Stmr Um
bria, from Liverpool stmr Pretoria, from
Hamburg; stmr La Normandie, from Havre.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed March Stmr Lu
canla. for New York. j
>*^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEAB\T ST. Established
Biriir' **S ln 1854 for the treatment of PrivatO
a Dr. Gibbon^ Dispensary, !
625KEAB3TT.ST. Establlabed
In 1834 for the treatment of Private ■,
Msensrs, LostManhnod. Debility or :
Rvw™*'*Ss?s disease wearing on bodyandmlndar.d j
Jb^^S^HfctKv Skin Dl»«>as«*a. l'bedoctorcureswhen !
'SzQO&ilb&i others fall. Try him. Charges low :
?a*fejr^s4 riirmcuaranlffd. Callorwrlte. !
Dr. J. V- «IBB©», Box 1937. 5 ac Francisco
EAILEOA_L TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa re Route
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
! DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
SAM FBAHCISCQ TICKET OFFICE — HI MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 15J1.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Snupallto Perry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DAYS— •3:30, 11:00 a. m.: *1:45,
1:45, 5:13. •*:<». 6:30 p. m. r , „
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Moo-
flays, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'S^. 10:00, 11:30 a. m. : 1:1*.
1:00. *4:30, S:l5 p. m.
WEEK DAYB-S:!S. '«:35. 7:45. •S.JO a. m. i
"^XTRA* TRIPS ' on P ' Mondays. Wednesday*
"§&s&£&?*■&%■.». mm a.-in.i
•1:15 •1:10. 4:40. *«:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
from MIU Pallet to SAN Francisco
WEEK DATS— B:4S. C:45. T:6S, »:4« a. m.;
EXTRA TRIPS on" Mondays. Wednesdays
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
Hu^dYtl^'oo. 7^ m Tn.: 12:05. I^o. <:«.
1:00. 6:«0 p. m^^^ TRAINS .
7:20 a. m -week Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:43 p. :*. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
1:30 s_ra. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta s.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Bausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Bept 11. ISSS:
Week Days— a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B 10:00. 11:80 a. nj.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
THO3. C«>OK V _ASON. Ag.aU. 611 Market
«U«»t. Ban Ttt
AUCTION SALES^
GROCERY AUCTION-
THIS DAY (MONDAY) AT 11 A. M.
2701 HOWARD ST., COR. TWENTY-THIRD.
FRANK XV. BUTTERFIELD, 667 Market.
KAILROAD TBAVEI*.
iOCTIIRBK rAfiriC coarASt.
(PACIFIC RTBTKM.) ■
CralsM l«stve nod me «lue> la »rrl»» ••
MAN ritAHCIMO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
ISA TV — 7KOM D*o. 18. 1358. — AKBTT»
•8:OOa Kiles, 6au Jose and Way Stations... '^I?*
7:OOa Beiticia, Suisun aud Sacramento.... o:*»»
"iO«a SlirjßTille, Oro»CJ*aod HeddlDg»ls
Woodland 2 1 i?*
CsOOi. Elniira, Vaoarille and Ramsey 8:1 °*
7-.a«»A Martlnex. Itatuoa, Val'.ejo. Napa,
CalUtoga and Banta Rota 2 .2* '
8:00 a Atlantic Express, (Jg'leii and lia»».. »•••»»
• i»»a Sau Jose, LlTermors, Stockton.
Ion». BaCTameuto. Plaoernlle*
M»o«»I'le, Chico. Ke<l Illuir 1'!2 r
BjSOa •Milton, Osidale and Jamestown... ««iof
•tOOA Martinet, Tracy, Latarop, Stockton,
Merotd snd Kresno I*'» 3»
titOi Tresiio, BakentleUl. "S«nta Kxrliara,
Los Angeles, Demlng, El Paso. ■'■._■■
Kew Orleans and KasT 2 1 .2*
lOiOOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Station* 7:43»«
I3:OUm Nilsa, li?ermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford. Viiaii*.
IVrWrriUe .2*l2*
•liOOr Sacramento Klrer Steamers......... S:»»r
«iour Martiuen, Kan Kaiuon, Vallejo,
r Napa. Callstoita. Santa Hosa < Uiia*
«i«Or B«uloia, VaoaTUle, Bacrai»<-nto,
WouJluud. KDl«ht« Landing, m^ m
Mary«Tille, Oro.Hle lo . : ***
«i.lOr Kile*. Ban Jose and Stockton - 7il3»>
Ss<H»FBan Francisco and Los Angeles
limited. Fresno, Bakersfie'd, Los
Anc?l<>3 »:•••*,
»(BOr Stockton, Mercod, Fre«ua 12:15»
ftt<l«»r M ardiiec. Tracy, D dota, Fresno.
' •-: ! Me jaro. Santa ITarbara and Los
Arnold •'*»*
|5. 00P Pacific Coast Limited, El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East..... 19:43 A!
»iBOr riii,t» nituiM; ,:,.:. ...li<; ..iprea*
for Moja»» ami !^u>l 2*l?'
SiOOr I'.uropean Mail. O«t!oi> and Kaat.... 0143 a.
«:O«p Hajinirda, NilesandSan Jose «2 |4 2 A
•8.00 1- Vafl-ijo ••" ■•tl»»
HtOOr Vallejo, Fort Costa and Way Bta-
Uons!! t»»«a»
liltOr Oregon 15xi*»«».H* oriinl8nt ' ) ' Marys-
fill*. Ited'llng. rortJaiiJ. Pugel
JJuiiiidand Cast 81IO*
«lOiO3i* Sunset Limited. Fresno, I. ■
Angelas, El Pace New Orleans
and East ... ; tlfrtay
""BA!i LfciM»U(> ASI» IMVWAUDS LOCAL.
(Foot Market Street.)
~~ 1 Helros«t, Seminar* Park, 7
SiOOa FlUhbarK, Klmliurst, 0:1114
40:00* San I.*»n<tro, South Sam f*9ilf4
10.00* I^andro, K*tu-!il!o, JS 1 " 4
I IlliOO* Lorenno, Cherry \VA*I
8s«Op and W.ill
•tutor i Runs throuih to Nile. ia *
j I From Miles. I
™ COAST DIVISION (.Harrow «*n|r^.
(Foot ot Market Street.)
" Scl3a Newark,O«ntonillle.Ban Jo»e.F«!ton,
BoiUderCreek,BaDUoru»aud Way
Btatfcna. •■••• ais *»
»»:I.lf Newark, Cect«r»Ule, San Jose, Sew
Almaden. Felton, Boulder Creek,
Baut* Orus and Principal »»..-_^
StaUona 1 .?5?*
«:Ior Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos... »ta«A,
flli4.lp Hunters' Excursion, Ban Joss and
' Way Stations...?. &**•*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
| rreaSil railClSCO— Tool >f Market Stre.t (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:00 11:00*. M. tl-00 *3:09 tiM
•4:00 tB:OO •6:00 i.>«.
fc»Bi01IU«B— 7««t»fßr«»(l*iT.— '8:00 8:00 10:00 i.«.
112:80 »l:00 t3:00 *3:00 »:S0 'lOarja.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (iaoge).
(Third and Towngeiiil Sts.) m
7i«Oa Ban Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wedueadays only) !!••»
•iOOa San .!.•«. Trrs Pinoa. Hnuta Cms,
Pacific Ur«v<;. Paso Rubles, Baa
Luis Obispo. Ouadalupe, Surf and
Prinoli«l Way Stations .2*12?
lOiIOa Ban Jos* and Way Stations 2 »••*•
Ili3«a San Jose aud Way Stations ....... s>3a*
•«««sp«an .NUteo, Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. Ban Jose,
Qllroy, HolUster. Santa Or.iz.
BnJtnas, Monterey ami PacilU
OroTe # I0l8«4
3an Jose and Way Btatlous 2*22*
•4il3r San Jose Principal Way Stations »'«*
•5:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations *»•*»*
8.»«»r San Jose Principal Way Stations 3 ! 22*
«:.1«r San Jose and Way Station* 2*22*
fHt4sr San Jo— aud Way Stations -ytaOF
A for Morning. ? for Afternooa.
• Bnsdayi exoerted. ; Sundays only. ♦ Saturdays only
andThnrsdays. aTn?sdays and Batardays.
(Saturdays and "Wednesdays. 6Thuiiid»ys and Sundays.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTER!* RT. CO.
LESSEE
6AN FRANCISCO AMD NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiboron Ferry, Foot oS Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAHX.
KTESK. DAYS— 7:BO, »:00. 11:00 a. m. U:K,
8!30, 6:10. 6;80 p. m. Thursdays— Ebrtra trip
at 11:53 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:4*
! and 11:80 p. m. < ; -- .
•UNDATB— s:f4 9:SO, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:10, »:sa»
'■ •:«,. 8:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL, TO BAN FRANCISCO.
KEEK DAYS- 7:60, S:2O, 11:10 a. m. ; U:UL
3;40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
ÜBS and 6:35 p. m.
! fimrDAYS— S:IO. 9:40, U:10 a, m.; »i«, 1:4»,
(fiOO, «:K O. m.
Battre«n Ban Francisco and Schuetaaa P»rk
i t gehsdnle M abevft.
1 Le*.»« Arrtr* v;; •
Ban FVanciaco. In Effect San Francisco,
. iZ , October 1«. —
' r VTe«k I Sun- j 1898. Sun- i Week
i .Days. * Day*. j destination, j days. , days.
1 7:*) am 8:00 am Kovato. 10:10 am 5:46 am
1 8:So pmi 5:30 am Petaluma ! 6:10 pm 10:!S asa
i MO pro 8:00 prr.| Eantft Rosa, ' T:» pm *■■& pm.
Fultoa.
, T:SO am Windsor. 10:S3 aaa
n?aldst>urg,
Lyttan.
Geyserv'.ll«,
I t^ptn B:Coam aoveniaJa. 7:18 pm 9:3* pt^
Hopiand and
1 7:30 am *' kiah. T:SS pm 8:21 pm
! »46am~ ~~~ |loiEB&ns
; 8:00 am GuraeyviHe. 7:15 pm
»:»oprni HiM pa
7:80 am 8:no ami Sonoma 10:40 am «:40 mm
and • » -■»'
! 8:10 pmj 0:CO pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pc 6:33 pm
! 7:J9 am 9:00 am Sevastopol. 10:40 am am
! 1:30 pm 5:00 prnj 7:3S pmj 6:M pra
I Stagas connect at Santa Rasa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at G«r-
ervillo for SkairfS Spring*; at CloTerdale lor
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Spring*.
Highland Springs. Xelseyvine. Carlsbad
Springe. Soda Bay. I^Xeport aaa Bartlete
fcprlngs; at Cklah for Vichy Sprintrs. Saratov*
Fpringa, Blue LaUes. Laural Dell Lake. Witter
Uprlnri. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
■oho Day's. Riverside, Heller's. BucltR«!:'«.
t:eLah«<srin Helfrhta, Hutlvtlle. Boonenile, Orr 1 *
fret Springs. Menflocioo City, Fort Brm,
W««toort. T^aL WtllltU. LartonvlUo, Currt-
tiinE's. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen'a, Dyer,
E"otia and Eureka.
T Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
: reduced rates.
i On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond Pan Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
( p. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAX.
* Goaaral Jianarer. Gen. Pius A«At.
A Superb Train
EVERY day in THE YEAS
J&ssssMkilbsUhtßßsaaß VIA THE
filbnioii Pacific,
■ »lOTo**^
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUIJHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CAR*
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 3^s DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco daily at 6 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent,
No. 1 Montgomery street, San Francises
T;;Z SAN FiuUtiidgi) AriD SIS JUAQUIM
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. ti, 13M, trains will run as follows^
South-bound. North-bound. •
Vsssen- (Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
;er. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Daily. ,
7:2oamlo:Mam Stockton J:« pm «:00 paa
»:10am : 2:*3 pmi Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pra
10:40 am S;M pm, Fresno 8:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 ami 7:« pm Hanford , 7:43 am l.« pra
2* pmIU:SO am Bakersfl-ald t:« am 11:00 am,
11 ami 0:2: i>in| Vtsalla 6:40 ami 1:21 pra
12.16 pmj 6:53 pm Tulare 6:60 ami l:0£ pn^
Stopping at- lntennedlate points as required. "*
For WLrtlcular3 of stare and other connecttonsj
Inquire at Traffic Manager* Office, W. Mark**
HretU. am-Jraaaliefl.
78
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ARE WEARY
OF WAITING
FOR A BRIDGE
How Cuvellier Won
His Majority.
MAYOR SNOW'S MESSAGE
WILL SHOW HOW TO AVOID
MORE PITFALLS.
Ban Leandro Sets an Example
Worthy of Being Followed.
A Municipal Joke
Repeated.
Oakland Office Run Franrlsco Call.
90S Broadway, March 23.
There is much merit in the dissatisfac
tion being expressed in Oakland and Ala
meda with the manner in which the new
county bridge is not being built This
bridge is the only public connec
tion between Oakland and Alameda
from the west end of the En
dnal City. ;ind thousands of people
use it daily. Somewhere about a
year ago the bridge was condemned, and
the railroad and the county were required
to build new bridges. The railroad com
pleted theirs about three months ago,
spanning the estuary with a steel struc
ture that is a big improvement to the
harbor. The county dallied on and is still
dallying. Contracts are supposed to have
been let, but for months practically noth
ing has been done. The old bridge has
been mostly taken away, but there is no
appearance yet of a new bridge. The
electric road is forced to make a detour
through East Oakland and completely
through the city of Alameda before it
can deliver any Oakland passengers at
the west end of the city. The distance
now being traveled is fully live times
what it need be. and this state of affairs
Will certainly continue for some months.
There may be good reasons why the
wealthy county of Alameda cannot con
struct a bridge" as rapidly as the railroad
company, but there can hardly be any
justification for the county taking a year
longer than the Southern Pacitic. This
Indifference is causing great hardship to
thousands of people who cannot forget
the fact that the bridge was to have been
finished many months ago, and it is not
yet started.
Councilman Cuvellier is a more versa- I
tile man than many of his friends are >
aware of. He was anxious at the last
election to obtain the highest vote for
Councilman, and in order to do this he
visited many places where votes are sup
posed to be made. Among others he was
a guest on the Saturday prior to the elec- i
tlon of the irrepressible Pondinkey Club.
Cuvellier is a very staid "Id fellow, and a '
clog dance is about the last thing any one
■would suggest in connection with his
name. At the Pondinkeys' banquet Cn
vellier was called on to do something. He !
proposed a speech and they laughed at
him Pandinkeys are too intellectual to
listen to speeches. Cuvellier was desper
ate He wanted that block of votes and
he 'must have it. Somebody suggested
a song but the candidate avowed he had
never croaked in his life. Somebody j
cried "a dance," and the crowd roared.
Cuvellier, however, was once young and
still can use his feet. He calmly proceed
ed to take off his coat and his vest, while
the Pondinkeys cheered. Cuvellier asked
the man at the piano to give him a rag
time tune. The most ragged-timed tune
was given him. and his feet began to
move. It was a revelation-a dream. The
fellow thumped the piano, Cuvellier
thumped the stage and kept on, and on, .
while the crowd beat time to the candi
date's efforts. Dignity was forgotten in
the enthusiasm of the half hour Finally,
with perspiration falling like rain on the
stage Cuvellier stopped. There was an
.eVcore and he danced again harder than
ever He couldn't stop, and flnall> he fell <
from sheer exhaustion. !
But his effort was successful. The Pon
dinkeys declared that it was a mistake to
have nominated him for a Councilman; (
he could dance well enough to be Mayor ,
At the polls every good Pondinkey voted
for Cuvellier. and his plurality was a
Bource of much chagrin to certain Lake- ;
side politicians.
Some drinks of beer and fiery whisky,
a quarrel, a fight and some stabbing. The
victim sat in a chair in a dark saloon
•with his life blood oozing from a gash in
his neck. Around him were fellows of
like caliber with himself, enjoying his pre
dicament and joshing one another about
the necessity of sending for a doctor.
Between drinks the sight of blood was
made the occasion for coarse jokes. The
proprietor of the saloon referred to the
fact that it was the second murder in that
saloon since it opened and expressed his
Indifference if there should be a murder
there every night. In a corner of the
room some one was banging away on a
piano, adding to the din and making the
demoniacal scene more complete. Final
ly a gurgle and a dead man rolled on the
floor. , . . .
These, as near as can be ascertained,
•were the conditions accompanying the
murder of a jockey at the racetrack last
week, and by those who witnessed It it
•*-as all regarded as a mere incident.
Here are three facts in connection with
the Gilligan murder which need no com
ment:
Fact No. 1: "As I emerged from the
room Epperson started after me, evident
ly intending to again assault me, when I
raised the knife and stabbed him In the
neck. I then ran from the place and took
fhe first train for San Francisco."—Mur
derer Gilligan's statement to the San
Francisco police when arrested.
Fact No. 2: "Who told you that this
knife was used?" Coroner Mehrmann
asked Saloon-keeper Dwyer at the in-
quest.
"Why," replied Dwyer, "Gilligan told
me himself that he had done it with that
knife."— Testimony of Dwyer under oath.
Fact No. .'i: "We, the jury, do find that
John Epperson's death was due to hemor
rhage, the result of a knife wound sever
ing the jugular, and we do further iind
that said wound was inflicted by some un
known person."
The people of San Leandro are full of
grit. Oakland could well learn a lesson
from this plucky little town. A year ago
they put up a big bonus and gave a lot
of land to a large cannery company and
now the cannery is being rushed to com
pletion as fast as possible, ready to han
dle the enormous crops that the recent
rains have assured. This step whetted
the appetites of the San Leandrans for
more. A few months ago a proposition
was made to them that if they would
give another bonus a large fruit-drying
establishment would be built there. They
set to work and to-day's report shows
that they have the necessary amount,
with the exception of $14, which, no doubt,
■will have been subscribed by the time
this is read. I also notice that at the last
meeting of the Town Trustees a state
ment was madp that the total delin
quency in taxes amounted to 88 cents.
Another proof of the town's prosperity
Is the fact duly noted in the local paper
that on Thursday night Joseph Herrscher,
the "Mayor" of the town, went to the
metropolis to hear Melba.
"O ye of little faith" applies to Oak
landers as much as to the Pharisees to
whom It was originally addressed. For
thirty-three years this city has depended
on Lak-- Chabot for its water supply, and
not once in those years has it failed.
Every time there is less water than the
average rainfall the same old cry goes
out that there Is to be a water famine
and, of course, rival cities take delight In
spreading this fiction. Now, Oakland has
two water supplies, either of which could
supply the town, and during the past
months the talk of water famine has been
more pronounced than ever. As usual
the lake has filled up in plenty of time
and now holds a supply sufficient to last
Oakland for nearly three years, indepen
dent of the artesan supply that has been
developed recently. There will have to
be a new code of natural laws before
Oakland is visited by water famine.
During the recent campaign ex-Mayor
Davie caused a laugh by stating that
while in office he had electrified the City
Hall by auditing the bills for street
I sprinkling and i.nding that the streets had
| been duly sprinkled on some days when
an inch of rain fell. Everybody regarded
the statement as a romance, but it was
very probably true for it was repeated
last Tuesday" night. On this occasion,
while the storm was at its height and
Broadway had been washed as clean as
I rain and wind could clean it, a street
sweeper at full speed dashed down the
street, "cleaning" the street at so much
j per mile, according to contract.
Nearly every day of the Brandes trial
has produced a sensation, faince the day
j of Lillian's death there has not been a !
dull period in L.,is interesting case. Per
haps no other case has oeen surrounded |
with so much interest in this county.
Brandes led a Jekyll-Hyde existence; he
had wives to whom he was married and j
others to whom he was not; he cultivated
piano playing to drown the cries of his
suffering daughter; he connived ith his
attorneys to take the skull of his child
from her coffin; he put the State's hang
man on the stand to testify in his behalf;
he has caused two old friends to quarrel
to such an extent that they are now quot
ing scripture to show each other's delin
quencies; comparisons with ,ne hanging
of Durrant and the hanging of Lillian
Brandes have been introduced; a box full ]
of skulls, which the owner proudly de
clared ho had "pinched ." formed the di
version for one aay; dissertations on path
ology of skulls have lasted for days. a.nd
finally there is more than a suggestion
'that Brandes once made a confess. on. In
view of all the romance, tragedy, petu
lance and mystery that are inseparably j
connected with the case, it is as well to I
recall the fact that about next Wednes- !
day the jurors will find themselves face
to face with the one question. "Did Bran
des h.'at his girl to death and then hang
her?"
Xext Monday the new city g-overnment
•will take office. Much is expected of It.
I believe within the next two years Oak
land will have taken several steps in the ]
right direction. The trade of the city is ;
just btglnmntr to reap the benefit of the
vast system oj. electric roads that center
here. Many big improvements are in prog
ress and others are demanded. There will
be many practical questions to be handled !
and they will demand g-ood judgment and
strong character. No mountebanks are
wanted at the City Hall and it is indeed
fortunate that none have been elected.
There is good foundation for the great j
things that are expected of Mayor Snow.
Men posted on city affairs know that the \
outgoing administration is leaving the
city's linances in a tangle, with a certain
deficit on June 30. unless extraordinary ;
measures are followed. Mayor Snow's
message to the new Council will deal al- ;
most exclusively with the question of
linances and the Councli will do well to
follow his advice to the letter. With his
long experience in the Auditor's office Mr.
Snow knows what Is wanted and Qi
be depended upon to straighten matters
out and to keep them straight unless he Is
obstructed. With Mr. Snow the govern
ment of Oakland is a business, not a fad. >
and his advent to the Mayor's chair will
be an occasion for general congratulation.
and it will not be an experiment. L nless
all indications are false I think Oakland
will want another Republican government
when the government-elect shall have
filled its tern. STUART W. BOOTH.
PRESIDENT HARPEH
ONCE A SKEPTIC
SPENT YEARS TRYING TO DE-
CEIVE HIMSELF.
Chicago University's President TeLs
Students Mow to Overcome
Doubts.
OAKLAND, March 26.— 1n his farewell
speech at California College this after
noon President Harper of Chicago Uni
versity made the confession that in his
earlier years he was anxious to be a
skeptic and tried by study to iustify his
inclination. He spoke generally of the
difficulties that confront students in their
theological studies and the manner in
which these should be met and over
come. President Harper spoke in part
as follows:
"Every student of the Bible must meet
with difficulties and doubts. This is the
natural result of study. To think is to
doubt, for no man taKes for granted all
he may think, ne must have doubts and
difficulties if be sincere. When I was
much younger I was anxious to prove
that the" Bible was only an ordinary book,
and a very ordinary one at that. I want
ed to believe that it was full of doubt
and difficulty, and I spent three or four
years trying to prove these things to my
own satisfaction. But with study the
light began to dawn and it grew brighter
and brighter. The man who does not
meet with difficulties is the hopeless
case. No one can help him, for he thinks
he needs no help.
"Difficulties will arise; It is a student's
duty to combat them and to discuss them
fearlessly and he will finally find that in
the Bible will be found the proof of the
foundation of the Christian religion, and
in the Bible God will be found the true
leader."
DISTRICT CONFERENCE.
Annual Meeting for San Francisco
District M. E. Church South Opens
in Oakland To-Morrow.
OAKLAXD, March 26.— The annual
meeting of the district conference for the
San Francisco district M. E. Church
South will comence next Tuesday at As-
bury Church, this city. The conference Is
composed of the pastors connected with
twenty-four pastoral charges, and two lay
delegates from each charge. The first
business session will be opened Wednes
day morning at 9 o'clock. Rev. C. R. Red
dick, D.D., presiding elder of the district,
presiding. Afternoon sessions will also
be held. The principal address will be de
livered by Rev. I. F. Betts of Hollister.
Rev. W. T. Coffin of Ukiah will deliver
the opening sermon. On Wednesday morn
ing Re\i I. F. Page of Healdsburg will
preach on "Christian Education," and in
the evening the Sunday-school workers
will hold a mass meeting. Thursday even
ing will be devoted to the interests of the
Epworth League. Rev. William Acton of
Lakeport being the leading speaker.
The Women's Foreign Missionary So
cieties of the district will be represented
at the conference, and the meetings will
be open to the public.
INSANE OVER RELIGION.
Monte Vista Gardener Who Kneels
Before Women and Prays for
Their Salvation.
OAKLAND, March 26.— Religion and his
supposed anxiety over the future happl -
ncsa of the gentler sex has once more un
hinged the mind of Carl Oscar Carlson, a
gardener, who only last December was
discharged from the Stockton Asylum.
Since his release Carlson nas been work
ing for a family named Welch at Monte
Vista, Piedmont, and has been annoying
ladies by accosting them in the street
to make inquiries as to their future wel
fare and the herebe.yond. On such occa
sions he would deliberately kneel down
and pray and sing, while his fair and con
tused auditor ran for her safety.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital
by the police and will be examined to
morrow morning.
Jewish Passover Feast.
OAKLAND, March 26.— The Jewish holi
day Passover began yesterday evening
ana lasts till April 1. This is the 3238 th an
niversary of the Israelites' exodus from
Egypt (2339 B. C.). The orthodox Jews of
this city held services last night and this
evening at the synagogue of the Congre
gation Beth Jacob on Harrison street
near Fifth, Rev. Dr. N. Mosessohn offi
ciating. This evening the rabbi lectured
In English on "Freedom— the Jewish Re
ligion/
THE SAN FEAN CISCO CALL, MONDAY, 3IARCH 27, 1899.
DEATH KNELT
WITH HIM AT
HIS BEDSIDE
B. Mathieu Asphyx
iated While Praying.
TINGED WITH MYSTERY
CORONER WILL MAKE A THOR
OUGH INVESTIGATION.
A Gasjet Wide Open Indicated Intent
or Carelessness, Yet His
Friends 3cout at
buicide.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 26.
Bourrouil Mathieu, aged 42 years, was
found dead in a room at the Huff House,
427 Ninth street, shortly after 7 o'clock
this morning.
Death was due to gas asphyxiation and
the dead man was found in a kneeling
posture by a chair near his bed. He had
occupied the bed during the night and
was but partially clad when the landlady,
Mrs. Josephine Brischaus, found him.
Whether death was accidental or suici
dal will perhaps be determined by a
Coroner's jury to-morrow night, for the
conditions surrounding the case are such
that a thorough investigation has been
determined upon by Coroner Mehrmann.
Mathieu had been employed for the past
five years as a washer In the Oakland
Laundry at Twenty-ninth street and San
Pablo avenue. His friends speak of him
as a man of frugal habits and economic.
Last night he severed his connection
with the Oakland Laundry and was to
have started in the laundry business for
himself, having leased a place at Third
and Washington streets. He told his co
employes he would first enjoy a week's
rest and expected to begin operations in
his new place a week from to-morrow. He
was in the best of spirits when he parted
company last night and immediately went
to the Huff House, intending- to rent a
room there for a week. The theory of
suicide is scoffed at by his friends as well
as by Mrs. Brischaus, who discovered
his dead body this morning.
"Mr. Mathieu rented a room here at
10:30 o'clock last night," said Mrs. Bris
chaus to a Call reporter. "He said he
wished the room for a week, but made
no arrangements about paying- the rent.
I did not notice that he had any company.
At 7:30 o'clock this morning I went to
arouse him and to ask him about the
rent. I knocked at the door, but got no an
swer. Then I tried the door and found it
open. Looking in, I saw him kneeling by
a chair at the head of the bed, dead. I
immediately ran down and gave the
alarm.
"I do not think he committed suicide, be
cause he seemed in such a happy frame
of mind last night. His death was
probably due to carelessness."
Officer Curtis, who was detailed on the
case, found the gas cock in Mathleu's
room turned wide open, and beneath the
dead man's pillow was found a purse
containing $60 or more.
Deceased was a native of Prance, aged
42 years, and leaves a widow and two
children, residing in Paris. He was a
prominent member of l'Union Francaise
of this city, under whose auspices the fu
neral will be held.
WILL RUN THE CITY
WITHOUT TAXATIOI
CANDIDATE SMITH ADVANCES
A NOVEL PROPOSITION.
Wants to Make Corporations Pay the
Running Expenses of the
Municipality.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
1428 Park Street. March 26.
Alameda has a unique candidate for the
office of City Trustee in the person of
Ben J. Smith. Mr. Smith is running as
an independent. Besides "goinf it alone,"
he has Ideas that are strictly his own, and
purely original so far as Alameda politics
are concerned. He issued to-day a plat
form of his own. It is entitled "Smith's
Indenture," and the drift of it is that Mr.
Smith purposes to conduct the affairs of
the municipality without levying taxes
on the property owners. He sets forth as
facts for the consideration of the tax
payer the following guiding thoughts:
"Reduce the taxes by one-half and you
double the value of realty."
"A man's taxes shall always be in pro
portion to the interest he takes in poll
tics."
"Men who look after themselves only
will eventually be left to tnemselves and
high taxes."
He asserts that the gas company makes
a net annual nroflt from Alameaa patrons
of $30,000. He wants the city to confiscate
the works and turn this money Into the
public treasury.
Fire insurance companies. Mr. Smith be
lieves, are growing rich on their Income
from Alameda. He figures their profits in
the neighborhood of $55,000 per annum.
He will demand a yearly royalty of $20,000
from these corporations to maintain the
local fire department, which he claims is
run entirely for the benefit of the insur
ance companies.
According to Mr. Smith the telephone
company should contribute handsomely
toward paying the running expenses of
the city. He asserts it is making $18,000 a
year in Alameda and he thinks the least
it can do is to pay $4000 of the amount an
nually for the privilege of doing business
Mr Smith wants to have all the water
company makes. Its not -n-ofit last year
was $17 902 32. The city will run the works
if Mr Smith has his way. These various
amounts, he figures, will be ample o con
duct the city's business without levying
taxes on individual property holders.
His circular is creating considerable in
terest to-day and is the talk of the city in
political circles.
Palm Sunday in Oakland.
OAKLAND, March 26.— T0-day being
Palm Sunday there was special music at
many of the local churches. At St. Paul's
Episcopal Church as an offertory at the
evening service, "Palms," by Faure, was
sung, and instead of the regular evening
hymn the anthem, "Praise Ye the Fa
ther," by Gounod, was rendered. The
Easter services next Sunday evening will
be entirely musical.
At the First Congregational Church
I Rev. Charles R. Brown, pastor, delivered
an interesting Palm Sunday sermon. Len
! ten services will be held m this church
each evening except Saturday during this
week.
In the absence of Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille,
who dedicated the new church at Yreka
i to-day, Rev. E. M. Hill, pastor of the
i Twenty-fourth Avenue M. E. Church, and
Professor R. R. Lloyd occupied the pulpit
at the First M. E. Church to-day.
Rev. Dr. Fearn preached the morning
sermon at Dr. Hill's church.
"Victory Over the World" was the sub
ject of Rev. J. M. French's sermon at
the First United Presbyterian Church
I this morning, and to-night at the mis-
I sionary thank-offering service Rev. Mrs.
| Peoples spoke.
At the First Free Baptist Church this
i morning Rev. William N. Meserve talked
! on "Home Missions," and the evening ex
orcises were in charge of the ladies of the
Missionary Society.
H. H. Pratt of San Anselmo occupied
Rev. Dwight E. Potter's pulpit at the
Union-street Presbyterian Church to
night, "Loving Sacrifices" being the sub
ject of his sermon. _
Rev. T. D. Butler occupied Rev. W. P.
Andrews' pulpit in the Asbury Methodist
Church this morning.
"Why I Am Not an Infidel" was the sub
ject of Rev. R. F. Coyle'a sermon at the
First Presbyterian Church to-night.
Rev. Moses Williams conducted Welsh
services this evening at the Welsh Pres
byterian Church.
"Palm Sunday Lessons" was the appro
priate title of "Rev. E. E. Clark's morn
ing sormon at the Fruitvale Presbyterian
Church.
Rev. S. C. Keetch preached at the Gold
en Gate Baptist Church this evening on
"D. L. Moody and His Critics."
At the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter
Day Saints President E. H. Nye spoke to
night on "The B H Roberts Case, and
the Attitude of the Mormon Church To
ward Polygamy."
Palm Sunday in Alameda.
ALAMEDA. March 2fi.— Palm Sunday
was observed in all the Alameda churches
with appropriate services. At Christ
Church the edifice was beautifully deco
rated with palms. The evening services
were marked by a most Impressive ser
mon on the day by the rector. Rev. Dr.
Lacey. Thr- choir sang "The Story of th*
Cross." The offertory solo, "The Palms,"
was also rendered.
At St. Joseph's Catholic Church Ros
sini's "Stabai Mater" was given by a
chorus of twenty-five voices, accompanied
by an orchestra of ten pieces. Herbert
Williams sang '•Cujus Antmam." Miss
Bessie Hobart and Mrs. Wilbourn pre
sented "Quis Est Homo." E. T. M. Eck
ert sang "Pro Peccatis." "Fac ut Por
tem" was renderr.l by Miss McDermott.
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVORERS.
Local Societies Chose Officers for the
Next Six Months — Plans for
a Rally.
BERKELEY, March 26.— A monthly
[ business meeting of the Christian En
deavor Union of this city has been called
for next Monday evening, March 27. The
purpose of the meeting is to choose offi
cers for the ensuing term. A big rally
has been set for Sunday evening. April 9,
In the First Presbyterian Church on Ells
worth street. It will be a union service of
all the local societies, and an interesting
programme fs being arranged.
Three of the city churches have elected
Endeavorer officers as follows:
First Presbyterian— President, William
1 T. Skilling; vice president. Miss Margaret
Smith; secretary, B. Whitten; treasurer,
B. H. Phillips.
First Congregational— President, H. N.
Henderson; vice president, Richard S. Ha
zeltine; secretary. Miss Elsie Nutting;
treasurer, R. P. Tolman.
First Baptist— President, Miss Clough;
vice president, Ralph Pierce; secretary.
C. O. Estcrly; treasurer, R. C. Staats;
corresponding secretary, Miss Winnifred
Pierce.
DR. GREEN PROVES TO
BE A TRUE LOVER
AFFIRMS HIS ENGAGEMENT TO
MISS ROEBKE.
Defies Parental Objections and Will
Make the Young Lady His
Bride.
I ALAMEDA, March 26.— A1l doublts as to
i the authenticity of the engagement of
Miss Amanda Roebke and young Dr.
Jacob S. Green have been swept away.
Early last month the doctor was ap
pointed surgeon of the steamer City of
Panama, plying along the Central Amer
ican coast. The day he sailed through
: the Golden Gate on his way to Acapulco
i to join his ship Miss Amanda Roebke, one
' of the belles of the Encinal City, made
I the announcement that she was the be
trothed of the lucky medico.
The engagement created a storm of ln
j dignation in the household of Green's
! parents. Mrs. Green denied most emphat
! fcally that her son was engaged and
' stated he was too young to take care of a
i wife. , 
But love only smiles at parental objec
tions, nnd Miss Roebke is now prepared
to substantiate her statements that she is
engaged to Dr. Green, and adds further,
that they will be married in due course of
; time despite whatever obstacles Green's
i parents may try to throw in Cupid's
I pathway. , .
AVh^n the betrothal was denied Miss
Roebke wrote to her lover to telegraph
conflrn'.ation of her announcement imme
diately upon receipt of the epistle. The
doctor did not wire his reply, evidently
because it is a difficult matter for an ar
-1 dent lover to express himself satisfactor-
i ly to his adored one in a ten-word tele
i fjrnm But he wrote a letter that set all
doubts of his faithfulness at rest..
He readily admits that his parents do j
not love Miss Roebke with anything like |
the fervor that bus taken possession of
i him. Being beyond the jurisdiction of
•the old folks," the doctor has regained
his courage and will make Miss Roebke.
bis bride, all the angry and objecting
parents to the contrary notwithstanding.
I The wedding will not take place in Ala
medn nor. in fact, at any place where
' Mr. and Mrs. Green Sr. might interfeio
with the ceremony.
Ah soon as Dr. Green gets settled in his
i new position and is prepared to provide
' a home for his bride, she will join him in
Central America. If. after the wedding,
the doctor's parents show a disposition to
extend the "glad hand" and bestow the
customary blessing, the young couple
may visit Alamoda.
BROWN'S DEFI WAS
ONLY A BOLD BLUFF
SAYS HE DID NOT MEAN 'xO
HURT DR. TISDALE.
He Expected a Licking and Wanted
It Over With as Soon as
Possible.
ALAMEDA, March 26.— Brainard C.
Brown authorizes the statement that he
will not hurt School Director C. L. Tis
dale. and that, ac a mutter of fact, he
never had any idea of inflicting physical
punishment on the celebrated telephone
talker, and fully appreciates his inability
to do so. He frankly admits that his chal
lenge was only a bluff, and was surprised
when Tisdale did not call it. Mr. Brown
is now convinced that they are both
pretty good at bluffing.
"I never had the least idea of engaging
In a fistic encounter with Dr. Tisdale."
paid Mr. Brown to-rlay. "When he
threatened to 'lick out of me I ex
pressed a willingness to meet him at any
time within a week on the public street.
My purpose was not -to invite a fight, but
I thought that if the doctor was a man
of his word and I was in for a thrashing
the sooner the agony was over witli the
better for all concerned. I see that my
'deli,' as it has been termed, gave Tisdale
to understand that I was somewhat of a
fighter myself arid he concluded, if we mot
that he would run up against the real
thing."
Alameda Boat Club Races.
1 ALAMEDA, March 26.— The first of the
novice races of the Alameda Boating
Club took place this morning on the estu
ary. There was a challenge skiff race be
tween Arthur G. Burns and Theodore Eis
feldt. which was won by Burns by a
length. The winner was at once chal
lenged by City Clerk Lambnrn for a race
next Sunday. Ayers, champion of the
coast, rowed a mile against the four
oared barge crew of the club and won by
several lengths.
Alameda County News Brevities.
The Oakland Presbyterian Foreign Mis
sionary Society has elected the following
officers for the ensuing year: President,
Mrs. K. Y. Garrette: first vice president,
Mrs. Dobbins; second vice president, Mrs.
E. C. Stone; recording secretary, Mrs. B.
L. Kroll; Y. P. S. C. E. secretary. Miss
Corder; literature secretary, Miss Ida
Curry; baby band secretary, Mrs. Sum
ner; treasurer, Mrs. C. P. Hoag.
Miss Mabel Jordan, daughter of ex-
Speaker of the Assembly William H. Jor
dan, is lying seriously ill at the home of
her mother on Simpson avenue, a tact
that will be learned with profound regrvt
by her many friends both here and in San
Francisco.
ALAMEDA, March 26.— The Ladies' Mis
sionary Society of the Oakland Presbytery
will hold its annual convention next Fri
day at the First Presbyterian Church in
this city.
Three new novels on the average are is
sued daily by London publishers.
HER WORK WITH
STATE PRISON
CONVICTS
Mrs. Booth Addresses
a Large Audience.
SUPREME SPIRITUAL LABOR
BRINGING OF RELIGIOUS LIFE
TO THE OUTCAST.
The Leader of the Volunteers
of America Tells of Her
Success and Her Heart
aches.
Mrs. Maud Ballington Booth spoke last
night to the largest audience ever col
lected in Calvary (. hurch. Her subject
was "My Work in the State Prisons."
and long before the hour for the services
neither a seat nor comfortable standing
could be had.
Mrs. Booth's address was marked by
the eloquence of sincerity and the graphic
description of her personal labors in the
prisons, her striving for the spiritual ele
vation of the convict sufferers and her ex
hortation for assistance from all to alle-
viate their mental dejection drew tears !
from many in the audience.
"The success of our labors speaks for
the good they have accomplished," she i
said. "We have a membership of 3000
prisoners in our army. In nine prisons,
two of which are in this State, have we
! sown the seed of God. In the Joliet Peni
tentiary we have enrolled one-half of the
prison population. To breathe a sympa- |
thy. a warmth, a spiritual light into the
souls of these men is our great object. It
is the bringing of a blessing, soft and rich
in its effect, within prison walls whose
•stern front is naturally repellant.
"What good we have accomplished may
be seen in the difference of behavior of
! those before and after they have joined
our cause. The intractable become man
ageable because a loving face has been
placed into their lives, not the loving of
the face of the woman who talks to them,
but the memory of the face they saw in
their childhood, their own mothers. I have
seen faces hopeless, barren of any possi
ble joy suddenly shine and beam with the
light bf hope and a new being enter their
liv.-s. I tell you it is a triumph of relig
ion when it sweeps aside those things
which are averse to its planting and de
velopment and takes root in the heart
of society's outcast.
; "There are many in prison who grow
more rapidly in the spiritual life than
I anyhere else. There we can see the Oevel
[ opment of the soul, a reformation so
grea.t, a change we can hardly recognize.
And this is brought about only by indi
vidual work. Many times my heart has
ached, more than these poor men's
hearts, and I have all but given up to the
immensity of the labors, but when I see
the good results I am strengthened anew
with an invigorating life and gladlyDend
to what has become a labor of love.
»
MRS. BOOTH TALKS
TO THE CONVICTS
Mrs. Booth addressed six hundred con
victs in the prison chapel at San Quentin
Prison yesterday morning, her audience
seemingly being much impressed by her
words of exhortation and encouragement.
Music was furnished by the prison band
and a selected choir.
A novel feature of the occasion was the
selection of two of the inmates to deliver
addresses of welcome. H. E. Brown, the
Mendocino outlaw, welcomed Miss Jennie
Hughes, Mrs. Booth's secretary, while a
prisoner named St. Clalr officiated in a
similar capacity for the noted volunteer
herself. Both acquitted themselves cred
itably and were thanked for their earnest
word's of greeting.
At the beginning of her sermon Mrs.
Booth outlined the work of the Volun
teer Prison league and especially of the
Hope Halls in the East. She explained
these institutions to be homes where ex
convicts are cared for until work can be
secured for them. Many are conducted
by trained corps. In New York the influ
ence of the league is so powerful that
no prisoners are paroled until they have
the recommendation of its representa
tives. Speaking of criminals and the
causes of their downfall she said:
"After they are free thire is a greater
bondage. You have to endure the bond
age or heart and the bondage of life
something far worse than the bondage of
man. I want to point out to you the
hand that can save you from this bond
age, the hand that ran remove the evil
habit, the evil temperament and the de
sire to do evil. It is the hand of Christ,
the. Savior of the world. Without his aid
you can never hope to cope successfully
with the cohorts of satan, who is ever
lying in wait to drag you back into the
paths of temptation."
Ap soon as she had finished her address
Mrs. Booth met a number of the con
victs and spoke tn them Individually as
regards their desire to lead better lives.
Mrs. Duncan, wife of Lieutenant Colonel
Duncan, also delivered an address to the
women in their department with such
marked success that many of them ex
pressed their sorrow at the lives they
had led and stated their intention to do
better in tho future.
Mrs. Booth and her companions were
entertained as the guests of Warden Hale
while at the prison. They returned to this
city in the afternoon.
Coombs to Live in Berkeley.
BERKELEY. March 26.— United States
District Attorney Coombs, ex-Speaker of
the Assembly, is about to change his place
of residence from Napa to the university
town. He will move to Berkeley before
the end of next month. His residence will
be on University avenue, to the west of
Shattuck avenue.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William J. Spear to Jacob Schmidt, lot on E
line of Seymour avenue, 100 S of Turk, S 25 by
E 90. quitclaim deed; $10.
John C. and Annie M. Spencer to Samuel and
Bessie McFadden, lot on N line of Haigh'
street. 71:10 1 i Eof Baker. Esoby N 110; $10.
Louis T. Olsen to lone B. Spencer (wife of
John C), lot on N line of Clay street, 165 E
of Locust, E 35 by N 127:5>,4; $10.
John and Mary O'Neill (by E. B. Pond and H.
C. Campbell, trustees) to C. C. Rivers, 1177 d
68, lot on S line of Twenty-first street. 137 W
of Valencia, W 23 by S 114. trustees' deed;
$1700.
Christopher C. and Lily A. Rivers to Thomas
W. Rivers, lot on S line of Twenty-first street,
137 "W of Valencia. W 23 by S 114; $10.
William and Caroline T. Nicol to Mary A.
Schneider, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth
street, SO W of Noe, W SO by S 114, quitclaim
deed; $5.
Thomas N. and Joseph A. Rodgers and Cath
erine Powers (Rodgers) to Susan Rodders, lot
on S line of Jersey street, 240 \V of Diamond,
W SO by S 114: $10.
Lewis H.. Walter C, Herbert W. and Edith
Allen to Martin Holje, lot on S line of Eddy
street, 162:6 E of Leavenworth, E 77:6, S 80, W
10, S 57:6, W 67:6, N 137:6; $10.
Joseph Wagner to Charlotte F. Clarke, lot
on NW line of Spear street, 127:6 SE of Mission,
SE 10 by SW 91:8; $10.
Ellen Curry to Catherine Curry, lot on SE
line of Natoma street, 234:6 SW of First, SW
32 by SE SO; also lot on NW line of Minna
street, 75 NE of Fourth, NE 50 by NW 70; also
lot on SW line of Eichth street, 200 NW of
Bryant, NW 75 by SW 85; $10.
Catherine Curry (single) to Calvin E.* Knick
erbocker, , lot on SE line of Natoma street
254:6 SW cf First, SW 32 by SE 80; $10.
Martin and Elizabeth Holje to Lewis H.
Allen, lot on NW line of Howard street. 337
SW of Fifth. NE 47 by NW 78: $10.
Catherine Murray to Josephine. Dennis J. and
Nellie F. Murray, lot on SW line of Sumner
street, 100 SE of Howard, SE 25 by SW 85;
gift.
. Frances G. Enright (widow) to Edward P.
Enright, lot on W. line of Rausch street, 75 SE
of Howard, SE 25. W 56. N 25, E 56; $10
Edward P. Enright to Frances G. Enright, I
lot on SW corner of Howard and Rausch
streets, SE 75. W 31, N 75, E 31; $10.
Andrew L. Conlin to Nellie A. Faithful and
Alice Wagnon. lot on SW.- line of Seventh
street, 55 NW of Harrison, NW 60 by SW 85;
fI2CO. .- -
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J Froehlich, Pa Mr* M D Bunker, Mass
G T Price. Ky A M Jenklnson, Pa
W J Austin, Neb Mrs Jenkinson, Pa
Mrs Austin, Neb M H Bennett, Chicago
C. L Dudley, Neb IMrs Bennett. Chicago
Mrs Dudley, Neb Ij J Hill. Chicago
W H Brldgeman, ConnJ E Bush, Mont
W M Dinwlddle, N V H H Rose. Chicago
M V Beiger, Ind J P Woodbury, Nev
Mrs Belger, Ind Mrs W D Gossard. Cal
A L Hoover, L Ang 'Mrs H L Story. < 'al
J L Ramsdell, Cal !b Story. Belmont
G Edmonds, Stanford IH W Harvey, R I
G G Welgle. Stanford JMrs Harvey. R I
H King. N V i Miss M Lane, Mass
E M Upton, N V Miss F Lane. Mass
G O Kruse, NY M J Porter, Chicago
Mrs G O Kruse, N V Mr & Mrs Marcial, Mcx
E M Rogerson, NY E Hawley. N V
I J Knox, NY R Natili, N V
I R C Chambers, Wia O Burden. Mass
R Walsh. Mich J E Spauldlng. Conn
J Greenberg. N V Mrs Spaulding. Conn
| J Welse. NY B I, Richard. 11l
J G Wright. Boston Mrs Richard. 11l
Mrs Wright. Boston Mrs E L Sanford. Cal
H A McCormick. Utah 1
GRAND HOTEL.
A S Rlley, NY |O E Quenney & w, la
I N Pierce, Ogden D F McClosky. Mass
! S I Roper, San Jose It Pelky. Wjlliamsport
r J Ruhlman. NY W S Pettebone. Pa
I W W Mills, Cal H N Pet^bone. Pa
D Goodsell. Portland R S Holl. Sacto
R E Smith. SactO IC F Scott. L Ang
W H Lunsden. S Rosa'f" Earle. N X
T Cunningham. S RsaG Alexander & w. B C
A P Mulligan. Martlnz-W M Cutter. Marysvll
H J La Branoke. Cal I> H Young. N \
Q B Reir-hart. U S N F W Hill. Stockton
H II Hawley. Stanford J W Boggs. Lakeport
, J McDonnell. Menlo G R Stewart. Crows L
B J Devlin. Benicia W C Floto. Modesto
R A Brackett. Minn M E Pawert. Vlsalia
Mrs E A Wheeler. Or i? X Greene. Vlsalia
I A Wheeler, Portland iMiss S M Parsons. Stk
O C Wilki .s. R Bluff j Mrs W W worthing,
A Branower. Wis i Stockton
G W Collins. MD. N V R T") Hntoh. Novato
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Wilson & w, Sacto |\V H Edgecomb & w,
S Clark. Salinas Mont
M Olsen, Vallejo T Smith, S Jose
T Richards, L Ang J H Olllen. Ky
W F Allen. Palo Alto T Bettencourt &w. Cal
: J Mulroy Marysville H E Brink. Vallejo
H Chalmers & w. Cal C Bengsten. Fresno
i F Josephs, S Jose !A Carlberg, L Gatos
j W G Cameron, Conn I
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Can, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
TB7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Ml McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
«15 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth ; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
?6?S Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets : orjen until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
I SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal _JK_ '
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- TLX. i
ING. M. M. degree.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. •
M.— Called meeting THIS iMON'DAYI II
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. 3d <le gree. TCjT
Master Masons cordially invited. By/^F>
order of the worshipful master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. ■
M.— Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) _J\_
EVENING at 7 o'clock. 2d decree. JTJT
C. D. BUNKER. Secretary. r^v* j
KINO SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. •
and A. M., Franklin Hall. 1S31» Fill- _^V-
more St.— Second degree THIS (MON- TCJT
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. B>/^F
order of the master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
I ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of the i
stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining I
Company will be held at the office of the j
company, 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal., j
on MONDAY, the 27th day of March. 1899, at j
the hour of 12 m.. for the purpose of electing '
a board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of euch other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books ■will close on FRIDAY.
March 17. 1899. at 12 m.
ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
PILES^PETER FREILING'S pile salve Til per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching. external. internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. Residence 162S Devlsadero st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 552 a ;
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up: !
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st. I
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 91 of the i
Oceanic Steamship Company (fifty cents per '
share) will be payable at the office of the I
company. 327 Market street, on and after
Saturday, April 1. 1899. Transfer books will
close on Saturday. March 25. 1899. at 12 j
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED — FEMALK.
SWEDISH cook, also Swedish second . girl, j
best of references, desire situations. J. F. I
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
COMPETENT Swedish cook desires situation;
best references: city or country. MISS CUL-
LKN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and laundress
desires situation; 2 years last place; city or
country. MISS CUI.LEN. 536 Batter st.
GERMAN house girl, with 4 years' references;
good cook; $15 to $20. Call or telephone. MRS.
NORTON. 3!3 Sutter St.
RELIABLE cooks, second girls and infants'
nurses, with first-class references, awaiting !
situations. MRS. KRAUSS. 315 Stockton st.
NEAT American woman (elderly) desires wash-
ing and house or office cleaning at 75c day;
or as housekeeper at small wages. Address
341 Minna st.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper. Call
at Golden West Hotel. Ellis St., room 125.
GERMAN girl wants position at general house-
work; wages $20. Address 2 Tay St., off
Clay, bet. Powell and Mason.
COMPETENT and experienced German woman
wishes position as housekeeper In first-class
family. 52S Stevenson st.
GERMAN woman wants washing, ironing and
housecleaning by the day. Call 2 Welsh st.,
bet. Third and Fourth.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes any
kind of work by the day; $1 10. Box LMB. Call.
COMPETENT German lady wishes work by the
day. 132 Sixth st.
SWEDISH girl wishes position in a good pri-
vate family for general housework and cook-
Ing; wages |25; can cook Jewish and Ameri-
can. Call Monday and Tuesday at 109 Cherry
St.. between Washington and Jackson; Sacra -
mento-st. car.
WANTED— Position by respectable mlddle-ajred
woman; grood cook and housekeeper; will
cook for party in the country or outside town;
only respectable parties need answer. 316V4
Golden Gate aye.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like position as
housekeeper or to take care of lodging-house:
trustworthy and good seamstress. 368 11th st.
P< iSITION wanted as working housekeeper or
cook on ranch; best references. Box 1212, Call.
SITUATION to care for chllren and assist In
light housework by a young girl. 20 Howard
court, between Fourth and Fifth sts.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wishes a
situation to do general housework in city or
country or care for Invalid; no triflers. Call
at 137 Third St., room 10.
EXPERIENCED nurse would like care of an
invalid; terms reasonable; reference given.
Nurse, room 5, 132 McAllister st.
HOME for strong healthy girl, aged 11, In
respectable family; would do household work
in part return for board after school hours.
Box 1229. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook In private family, hotel or
restaurant; best of references: no postals un-
less car fare is paid. 1753 Ellis st.
YOUNG American woman wishes situation to
do light housework: wages $15 to $IS. Ad-
dress box 1236, Call office.
DANISH girl wishes position as second rirl
or waitress. Call 1812 Broadway; references.
FIRST-CLASS seamstress wishes a position as
housekeeper, or will do upstairs work; city or
country. Address C. M. C. 1720 Clay st.
COMPETENT woman wishes housework by day
or week; good laundress; makes herself gen-
erally useful; best references. Call 120 Wlidey
St., between Bush and Pine.
LADY would like position in a nice family
as assistant caretaker and companion: splen-
did cook; good references; city or country,
.tjox i iyo, i^-8.1 1.
SITUATION wanted by young lady. English.
as infant s nurse; just from East: has had
long experience. Address box 11S3. Call.
GERMAN woman wants position! washing, !
Ironing or cleaning. 121 Valencia st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants position as work-
ing housekeeper. Address L. W., box 24, Call
_branch office. 106 Eleventh st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes position to to sec- i
ond work; is experienced in fancy ironing
Address 150 Cook st. : take Geary-st. car.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. I
[ 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, SI per year, i
SITUATIONS W ANTED— MALE.
FIRST-CLASS butler desires situation; beat
city references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary St.; tel. Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st.; tel. East «2».
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kin
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. : tel. Grant St.
1 STEADY man wants situation to do general
work on country place; fully understands
care of horses, lawn, garden, etc.; references.
B. P., box 1247, Call.
STEADY, reliable young man would like posi-
tion as clerk or porter in *wholesale house.
Address S.. 387 Hayes st. • . .
£ ACCOUNTANT of long and wide experience
wishes position as bookkeeper or office man.
Box 1214. Call.
YOUNG barber desires , a position: city or
country: moderate wages. Box 1213, Call.
WANTED— A situation as coachman and gar-
dener by single man; good references. Box
1237, Call office.
EXPERIENCED grocer wants position: city
or country; references; German, English. E.
W., 10&4 Treat aye.
WANTED — Situation by experienced barkeep-
er; city or country; references; German and
English. 3050 Twenty-fourth st.
COACHMAN and gardener, married, no chil-
; dren: wife first-class cook or second work;
1 city or country; first-class references from
former employers. Address box 1224. Call.
GERMAN, can handle wine and general mer-
. chandise department, run bar and keep ac-
counts wants situation; city or country; best
of references. Box 1245. Call office.
WANTED— Situation as gardener in country;
c wages not less than $30: reference given. Ad-
dress JOHN CLYNE, 734V2 Natoma st.
GERMAN couple wish positions on ranch or
dairy; man experienced rancher and dairy-
. man; wife good cook and housekeeper; ref-
e rences. 101 Prospect place.
RELIABLE. industrious gardener; understands
, the care of horses, milking, lawn, flowers.
1 vegetables, chicken raising: around private
place; city or country. Box 1157. Call office.
AN experienced vlneyardist and wife would
like situation; understands wine making and
farming thoroughly. Address A. CAS-
SAGNES, 813 Jessie st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
l ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 6C to M
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
2 WAITRESSES and parlor- maids, $25; cham-
bermaid and seamstress, $25; North German
nurse, $25; English. Scotch or North of Ire-
land nurse, $25; 3 German and Scandinavian
cooks, $25 and $30; and girls for cooking and
housework in city and country. J- F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
HEAD WAITRESS. $40; chambermaid, hotel,
7 waitresses, hotels and restaurants, $20, $3
and $6. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
FRENCH governess, $25; 3 second girls, $25, $20
and $15; a nurse, $20: housework girl. Con-
cord, $20, fare paid; Stockton, «25; Alameda.
$25; San Jose. $20; 12 housework girls, $20 and
$25; 6 young girls, housework, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK; small boarding house; $25. MISS CUIc
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl; assist light work; $12.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, $25. as cook; small hotel.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
| COOK. $30; laundress, $25. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
j MAN and wife: country: $40; see party here.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
I 8 HOTEL and restaurant waitresses, $20 and
$25 per month; 4 waitresses, boarding houses,
$15 and $20? 1 chambermaid, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st. "
NURSE, 1 child 3 years old. $12; sleep home.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ;
, STEWARDESS, $40 per month: first-class
; hotel; references. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
! C. R. HANSEN & CO 'Phone Grant 185.
Stewardess for first-class country hotel. $30
to $35; 8 waitresses, different country hotels
and resorts, $20: 2 waitresses, city, $20; 3
chambermaids to wait, city and country.
$20' 3 restaurant waitresses, $5; chamber-
! maid, $18. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
i FAMILY cook, $30; 3 Jewish family cooks.-
I $2"; 10 girls for cooking and housework, $25;
30 young girls for nice places for general
housework. $13 to $20; second girl, $15, 2 in
family. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
TWO cooks, $30 each: 2 second girls. $20 and
; $15: cook. Alameda. $25. choice place; 3 house
girls. $25 each; 6 house girls, $20 and $15:
young girl to assist. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter ?t. • ■
! WAITRESS, $20; 2 chambermaids. $18: 3 cooks,
$25; 8 girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631
I Larkin st. . .
I GOOD finisher and buttonhole maker for boys'
tailoring-. 20S Rose aye., bet. Haleht and
j Pace sts.
I FIRST - CLASS finisher on custom pints;
steady work; by the week. 541 Market st.
j AN apprentice for dressmaking. 609 Taylor
I street.
j WANTED— German girl for housework.
451 Guerrero st. - '
WANTED— A girl to help in light housework.
i.'" : j Grove st.
CAPABLE girl for second work and to assist
with children. 1608 Fell st. ____-! \
i GIRL to assist with housework; sleep home.
Sl2 Taylor st.
: WANTED— A first-class finisher. 410 Kearny
St., room 20, second floor.
i COMPETENT girl for general housework and
cooking; references. 2120 Geary st.
i WANTED — Girl for light housework and as-
sist with children. 1303 Page st., near Lyon.
GIRL to learn halrdressing and manicuring.
240 Stockton St., near Post.
NEAT girl for housework; wages $15; refer-
ences.' 2322 Devisadero st.
GIRL or woman for general housework. Apply
417 Fair Oaks st-
APPRENTICE wanted at dressmaking; paid
while learning. 625 Golden Gate aye.
LAUNDRESS, plain country hotel, -see party
here Monday: waitress, city, $15. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED — Young German girl who is a first-
class cook; references required. Apply at 2411
Jackson St., near Fillmore on Monday, bet.
9 and 12 a. m.
; WANTED— An attractive girl between 16 and 18
years old to learn a shooting; act. Call at
SHREVE & BARBER'S Gun Store, 523
'. Kearny St., bet. 10 a. m. and 3p. m. "*;,;.
WANTED— A strong young girl for general
housework. 904 Taylor st.
APPRENTICES wanted for millinery at JUIB.
A. GRAESSLER'S, 127 Taylor st. •; :.: "..: ::-.-
FINISHERS on coats; steady work; good pay.
SELIG BROTHERS, 108 Battery st.
GOOD IronersX. 790 Elizabeth St., bet. 23d and
24th. near Castro.
DRESS skirt and shirt waist operators; home
work. KRAKER, 226 Bush st. ! '^, ;.:
WANTED — A neat colored girl to do some
mending. Address box 1234, Call office.
GOOD skirt maker on ladles' tailor-made suits.
Call at M. ROTHSCHILD'S, 211 Sutter st.
WANTED— Lady to take care of children and
1 do light housework. 706 Lyon st.
j GIRL wanted for general housework and cook-
Ing. 836 Union st., cor. Taylor.
~ HELP WANTED )i .LE,
WANTED— Buttermaker. $30; American butter
maker for creamery, $35;. driver for milk wa-
gon, $35; blacksmith for mine; 5 drift gravel
miners, $40; 5 men for light work, $1 35 day;
blacksmith and wood worker, $35: machinist
for country, $2 50 day; cooks, waiters and'
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
Sacramento st.
OFFICE boy. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sut- •
ter st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
•Blacksmith and wheelwright, married man,
for country shop, $60 i.
Laborers, pick and shovel work, city. $1 75 day
Four-horse teamster for coal wagon. $25 and
found: Bailor, young man $35 and found
Gardener, private family $25 and found
Vegetable gardener and farmer.. s3o and found
2 laborers, mix concrete. $175 day
50 woodchoppers for all parts of California,
$1 50, $1 25, *1 and 70c cord; 20 farm, vine-
yard and orchard hands; coal miners, north.
50c to 75c car. MURRAY & READY, 634-63S
Clay st. ■'
COOK, small restaurant near city. $35; 8 cooks.
$40, $35 and $30; Ironer and polisher; waiters,
city and country. $25 and $20; baker, dish-
washers: also bootblack. $6 week. MURRAY
& READY, 634-636 Clay st.
! GANG of teamsters and laborers for the coast
road; free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
I GANG of teamsters anl laborers for other new-
railroad construction work. C. R. HANSEN
| & CO., 104 Geary st.
| SECOND cook, $35; third cook, $25; dishwasher.
$15; same country hotel: see party here. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ■•.;-; .
BUTLER, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter «t.
! MAN and wife, $40; country. MISS CULLEN,
j 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— A pressman on pants. 734 Mont-
-1 somery St.. room 1.HELP \V.\sfTl__V-Co_tlnßed.
RELIABLE honest man for office work; no ex-
perience necessary; must be KatislW with $75
per month and have $2C>O cash. WARD &
CO., 1027 1 * Market st, above Sixth.
WA-NTED— Young men to go -whaling; no ex-
perience required. L. LEVY, northeast cor-
ner Battery and Jackson ots.
MnN for home made bread and cakes. RUTY'S
BAKERY.- 536 Valencia Bt. .
WANTED— Bootblack; $7. 141 Ellis Bt
5 M >:: fjep.tcol men wanted; $2 to $4 day;
lop • floor. .631 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— Bootblack; must bo good shiner.
The Modern, 34 Fourth st. x
SOBER middle-aged experienced night clerk;
■w-ftges $1S and room. 149 Third st.
WANTED— A chief cook, for restaurant 137
F^iirth st.
WANTED — A p. ..id tailor on custom coats;
FtcaJy work. 40 Ellis st., room 62.
FOR ale — A 3-chair short-hour barber shop; at
a sacrifice on acount of sickness of owner.
(Ml! bet. 1 and 4 p. m. at 423 Washington st.
BARBER shop for sale at a sacrifice: 2 chairs;
15<S and 25c. Inquire at 2045 Mission st.
AT Boulder Cre?k-— lOO tie makers: good tim-
ber: lone ob; 7xSxS foot ties, 12 cents each.
■I.ETON & BLUM. Boulder Creek. Cai.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any c'.\'.\ service examination without seeing
oOr illustrated catalogue of information; sent
. frfv>. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D. C.
MEN to go north: long job; no experience re-
quired; no charges; everything found. At
HERMAN'S, 26 Bteuart Et.
TAIIjORS wanted for scat room. SOS Montgom-
• cry Ft., third Boor, room 6. •
COAT makers: steady work; good pay. SELIG
. BROS.. 10S Battery Ft.
CUSTOM shirt cutter. M. J. KELLER CO.,
V Oakland*
TINKER an.i plumber; young man; state age",
experience and wages expected. Box 120S, Call.
LADIES' tailor wanted for country; good
• wages to right man; must be sober, rapid,
thoroughly proficient in all details and first-
class operator. Apply at STEIN, SIMON &
co.; 8. ■
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
Irine Corps. United States navy; able-bodied.
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,-
cr those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such: must be of good .
character and habits and able to speak, read
find write English, and be between 5 feet 5
inches and 6 feet in height. For further in-
formation apply at the Recruiting office. 40
„. -Ellis st,. San Francisco. Cal.
: BARBER'S Progressive Union; free employ-
' mt. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel Je*eie 1164.
' WANTED— Men to team the barber * trade;
summer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno 'House proprietor, still
rani Denver House. 217 Third Ft. : 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per ____■
SAILORS, grreen hands, blacksmiths and car-
penters for steam whalers: seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
IIOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
• to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
20 MEN to go on whaling cruise; no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
■ ' MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 13SU Eighth St.
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
I MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soleing, 35c;' only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, 863^ Market st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SINGLE furnished fine large sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
BE wise and get in while the proposition Is
new and make good money. 183 Seventh St.
CITY and country, to sell Leather Lustre; best
25c article on earth. BROWN. 33i Bush st.
NEW line: big profit; small outfit: down-town
trade. 6')6 Montgomery st.. room 14.
"' PABTJTEnS WANTED.
PARTNER -wanted with $15,000 to $30,000 to in-
vest in business in Los Angeles: established
1» ears and now doing a business of ; ''. "'
per year; increasing business demands larger
capital; exceptional opportunity for right
party; references given and required. Address
; box 124-5. 1.11 office.
. "~
"rooms AND BOARD W ANTED.
' YOUNG man from Philadelphia wishes board
: and room, home comforts In Protestant
Christian private family near Sixth and Mar-
ket si*.; terms reasonable. Address W. N.
R. box 1226. Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS.
W AnTeD^ToT 3 horsepower gas engine; state
price. Box 1141. Call. '
WANTED— IO tons old rubber, all kinds. Ad-
drtse P. F. Iron Yard. 204 Mission st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
NEGLE'-TK." FVKSI'-.HT affp-ts the brain
and causes serious bodily ills. Mayerle
Perieeopic Eyeglasses are superior to all oth-
ers for reading, working or distance; weak
eyes; poor sight. Mayer le's new and exclu-
• five methods in fitting glasses by mail free.
" WRITE TO-DAY. GEO. MAYERLE. Ger-
man Expert Optician (German Optical Insti-
tute) charter member American Association
of Opticians. livrii. Market st. San Francisco.
CATION AX.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
Eaying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS- Bookkeeping, business practice.
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
teachers day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD : S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Poet st.
FRENCH classes, under the auspices of " Al-
° liance Franchise.'' will open at the French
° Library afternoons and evenings for adults
• only; graduate teachers from French Govern-
ment will give tuition; every pupil who Joins
' class becomes member of the library. For
■ • terms apply at French Library City of Paris
bid*., Geary and Stockton. 3 to 4. 8 to 9 p. m.
MERRILL-MILLER college shorthand.' typing;
. individual instruction; new typewriters; book-
. keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day. eve. Rms. £72-6. Parrott bldg.
AYRES 7 Business College. 723 Market st. ;
shorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy.
. penmanship. English branches, etc , life
\ scholarship, $60; low rtrta- per week and mo.
■ ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
viiik Rvstem- sunny rooms; low rates; cay,
' SJnlnV. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
• LEGE, 1226 Market ft. |
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mmm-
* me^h survey, assay, archi.: day * evs. ;
«£' m ' VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ELOCUTION and French. $3 per mo. ; 4 times
weekly. Mercantile Library, rooms 4-5-6.
"' CA-tFET CLEANING.
. ClTY""^"steam cXrpeT^ciea^nns^^Works— Cleans.
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS Mgr..
88 and 40 Eighth st; telephone South 25J.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
s*nd to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 31,3-357 Tehama st.; tel. 8. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 flutter st ;
tel. Main 594. OEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
- 463 Stevenson «t : tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.;. cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. ; Mission 74.
CON KLIN' B Carpet-beating Works, 33$ Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 116.
- LOST.
LOST— A black pocketbook containing money
' and private papers In the name of R. Kirman.
Finder may keep money and receive addi-
tional reward by returning: papers and
V book to J. B. O'BRIEN, Call office.
LOST Sunday, March 19. passbook of Union
- Trust Bank. 2 Montgomery st. name Fran-
cisco A. Montenegro. Return to 228 Mont-
• gomery Pt. •_^ ' ' • •
MARCH 11— Lost or stolen, black greyhound
doc. 8 months" old; Bear or. right side; reward.
3007 Octavla st.
SILVER open-face Waltham watch, with mon-
ccrarn F. E. L. Return 2805 Scott st; reward.
CUFF .nd button bet. 4th and. 9th sts. on Har-
rlfor.. Friday. Reward 432 Fourth st.
PHYSICIANS.
MRS. r-P.R DONOVAN, 621 Hayes et; all
kinds of wcrcb trouble - specialty; diseases
of the eye treated by herb*. '
REMOVAL notice— C. C. O'Donnell. office
cud residence. 1021% Market, bet. 6-Ji and 7th.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
GENERAL merchandise store connected with
poatofflce in lively country town; no oppo-
sition; including building, 2 lets 25x150;
$2000; stock of merchandise about $3000;
rarest chance. For particulars call WILKE
& UNFUG, 906 Market St. ■__
A— SI2OO— CORNER grocery and bar: 1 block from
City Hall; 5 years' lease; a good paying busi-
ness; established for years; new .lock:,
class of . custom; ' owner to m_ko a trip to
Germany. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market.
A— SALOON; doing a splendid .business;
best down-town location; California and
Montgomery sts.: rent $-:.. Call WILKE &
UNFUG, 906 Market st. .
$1800— TRANSFER corner saloon; 18 furnished
rooms; 3 pianos; cash register, safe, etc.;
clearing about $175 per month; large stock
- of liquors; sickness cause of a great bargain.
WJLKE & .UNFUG, 906 Market St.
CIGAR stand, Stockton and Market sts.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
$150— BRANCH bakery with 4 living rooms;
rent ?20; on McAllister st. ; dally receipts,
$10. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market St.
$1000— SALOON with 9 furnished rooms; estab-
lished many . years; .always been money-mak-
ing place; best location; close to California on
Kearny st. ;. rent low. Particulars WILKE
& UNFUG. 906 Market st» '
$3250— ATTENTION grocers; the best paying
corner grocery and bar in this city; estab-
lished for many years and doing first-class
paying cash store and bar trade; choicest
location; close to Baldwin Hotel; owner
must leave for Europe on account of family
affairs ; a great sacrifice. Address box 400,
Call office. . ____:
$200— PARTNER wanted to help handle quick-
selling article. JONES & LAWN, 719 Market.
$120— RESTAURANT and chophouse; receipts
$20; low rent. JONES & LAWN, 719 Market.
GROCERY and bar; stock alone worth 60
per cent more. JONES & LAWN, 719 Market
$3250— GROCERY and bar; one of the best cor-
ners in city; present owner there 5 years; go-
Ing to Europe. JOKES & LAWN. 719 Market.
$1500 TO $2000— Saloons In all parts of town.
JONES & LAWN', 719 Market st. ♦
BRANCH newspaper office, clrculater
I and correspondent; good town in Southern
. California; clears over $125. JONES & LAWN,
719 Market st. •
STATIONERY, confectionery. notion, cigar
stores, bakeries, lodging-houses or any kind of
business for sale by JONES & LAWN. 719 Mkt.
SALOON; bargain. For particulars see
COWING & CO.. -995 Market st.
GROCERY and bar; by Inventory; paying
j business. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
PARTNER wanted; will pay over $75 per
month to each yearly. COWING & CO., 9U5
Market st. ' '.- ' ■ '•_
A— sSoo; DELICACY, pork store and branch
bakery; $25. da11y. KREDO & CO., 221. Geary.
A— slso; BRANCH bakery and delicacy; receipts
$S daily; 3 living roms. Kredo, 23V_ Geary.
A— s2oo; CORNER cigar stand; a rare chance;
bargain. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st.
1460; saloon: Fourth st-'sl2s; restaurant
$350; grocery and bar. | $225; corner cigar-store.
$200— Dining- parlor; free rent: clears $75 mo.
100 lodging-houses, prices from $90. to $3500.
WARD & CO., 1027% Market, above Sixth.
A— s23o; PARTNER wanted; old-established in-
door business ; will pay $75 to $100 per month
each yearly, McLaughlln '& Co., 777 Market.
JSOO—PARTNER in manufacturing business;
large stock: ■ exclusive trade; $75 to $100 a
month clear each; no experience required;
•plenty of work. Western Inv. Co.. 9 Geary.
$200— PARTNER, light business; $18 a week; no
experience required; trial given: see it. West-
ern Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
WE buy and sell business opportunities of
all kinds; our list is the largest in the city.
 National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
MACHINE, bicycle and locksmith shop can be
bought cheap. German-American, -34 Kearny.
I RARE chance to buy locksmith shop, goods
and tools, on account of old age: 10 years
same place.. 918 McAllister St.; small rent;
good business. -
GRAND chance for man and wife; fine busi-
"ness; $400; worth $2000; also great snap, deli-
cacy store; $250; worth $SO0; see party at resl-
dence"; 13334 Fair Oaks St.. nr. 23d; no trlflers.
PARTY .wanted to take interest in - water
power 100 horsepower current wheel; will be
operated on tidewater on Kentucky St., near
Army. A. KIIUSE. 314. Fifth aye.
I HAVE a fine list of good-paying hotels, gro-
ceries, 'bakeries, stationery stores and mer-
chandise; all legitimate. EITEL, 1016 Market.
GOOD-PAYING restaurant, situated in beat
business part of town; cheap; cause, sick-
ness in family. Apply Call office.
$4000— CORNER grocery and bar; large stock:
■ good location: established 20. years; owner ,
died. . Address "box 1188. Call office.
MANUFACTURING business: patented
article; no competition; large profits. 612
■Examiner building. ■ • -■
'. AMUSEMENT grounds;, best location; latest
Eastern novelty; partner with $2500. Box
1243, Call office. ,
VALENCIA. 1346— Must sell;- branch bakery,
coffee parlor; nice living rooms; easy term
BARGAIN— Shoe store; nice stock and fixtures.
Box 446. Uklah, Cal.
CALL and Bulletin route for Bale. , Inquire
339V4 Clementina st. • t
VTELL stocked saloon; good location; cheap.
Apply this office.
GROCERY and bar, well stocked, Seventeenth
and Noe. for sale, cheap; established 12
years; low rent, store and 3 living rooms;
lease obtainable; store and inventory open
for inspection. For particulars apply on
premises or to CURTIN & BEAL'3, room 24.
3d floor. Mills building.
CORNER grocery; rent $35; a bargain. Inquire
of E. H. GEORGE, 533 California st.
FOR sale— A neat restaurant at 129 Fourth st. ;
$125. v -
A LOON for sale in good country town; corner
lot: property— stock of liquors, cigars
and fixtures; price asked $2000. For particu-
lars Inquire of W. SCHMALZ. 220 Kearny.
corner Hardie place, basement saloon, city.
.•OR sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day. or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 500 Halght st. .
JJSO-RESTAURANT; worth $1000; Belling on
account of death In family: receipts' $30 per
day located In 200-room hotel; owner going
to Europe; no agents. Call 933 Kearny st.
FOR sale cheap: must be sold; grocery, wood,
coal, hay and feed business.; whole or sepa-
rate. Apply northeast corner Valley and Do-
lores sts.
OLD- ESTABLISHED blacksmith shop for Pale,
with stock and tools. Inquire 630 Broadway.
: $300— HORSESHOEING shop; good location;
departure cause sale. McLaughlln, 777 Mkt.
i BALOON and restaurant, city front: 14 fur-
nished rooms; large yard; rent ?2j. Apply
Call office. '
| • DELICACY and dairy produce store doing a
good business for sale. Box 1137 Call office.
BAKERY In country town; good store trade; 4
horses and 2 wagons; $1200. Apply Call office.
JOHN- REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires
to Sell his tailoring business, including stock
end good will. 340 Third st,
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
— . CAS WELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
~ DENTISTS.
DB. T. B. HIGCHNS 1 Dental Parlors,
I " Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
" expensive- badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. "We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC.' 809 Mar-
ket st cor. 4th, rra. .7, Flood U-_g.. you can
' have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up- plates, extractions, free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.P.. Manager.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge : work
our specialty; filling, 50c; crowns. $3 GO; all
" work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c: all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 8 Mason St.. corner of Market..
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
- work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st, near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
epecialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices In 8. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth,
$4; filling. ; H. 50c; silver, 2.'c; crowns. S3,
SEWING JIACHI.ES..
12 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. ; 145 Sj,xth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
, pairing at lowest rates. 206 Fourth st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 27 0 1899.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
h. c DEci^RrrrrrrrrTrrTrrrrriTrrrrr.
Office, 1020 MARKET ST.
11-room house in Angels Camp at a bargain.
15-room house; central; $100 cash $300
80 rooms; rent $90; on Mission st 1300
64-room house; clears $300 2000
17 rooms; on Sixth et.. 450
6-room flat; cheap rent • 175
28-room house; clears $160.. 550
24-room house; new furniture 1400
16-room house; fine corner 1000
14-room house; new and good 800
IS-room; fine corner; must sell 900
11-room house; clears $75 600
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
/ on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Sth.
18-ROOM house; worth $800; if taken to-day $350
will buy It. DECKER,. 1020 Market st
10 ROOMS and bath; new furniture; $300 cash,
balance payments to suit; bargain. DECKER,
1020 Market st.
A-KREDO & CO 22% GEARY.
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
100 rooms; clears $3000 yearly; trial given.. $4000
50 rooms; hotel; fine dining room 2500
35 rooms; all new; best transient corner.. 1400
24 rooms; Geary et.. near plaza; a snap.. 800
23 rooms: south of Market; clears $75 600
16 rooms; good furniture; clears $50 Z7o
' 12 rooms; best on Post; great bargain.... iOO
11 rooms; fine; with piano; cheap 4nO
9 rooms; elegant home; carpets new 6jn
6 rooms; 3 rooms pay rent; new ....100
Call and see list. ______________
A— slsoo; 40 ROOMS; best block Mkt. St.; offices;
large transient. Kredo & Co.. 22V_ Geary st.
BARGAINS! BA-RGAINSI_^^ pRic ___ :
15 rooms; rooms all full; only $300
23 rooms; fine location; cheap rent 800
29 rooms; clears $75 per month SoO
31 rooms; three corners; give away ..... boo
WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
75 ROOMS; sunny corner; cheap rent $|00
25 rooms; rent $S0; bargain 6nO
12 rooms; good furniture..... SoO
Lots of bargains; money loaned. EITEL.
1016 Market st.
40 ROOMS; first-class: all occupied; cheap for
cash or part payment: sale compulsory: other
interests. J. A. H.. box 395, Call office.
PRIVATE rooming house, 19 rooms, partly fur-
nished in housekeeping flats; all full: sunny;
central: $500. Box 843, Call office. Oakland.
HYDE 299—25 rooms; nicely furnished; 30 to
40 boarders; lease; cheap rent; good-paying
house; fine location; no triflers.
83 Fourth st. '
$950— GREAT bargain; 80 rooms; $350 cash, bal-
ance easy payments from Income of house.
106 New Montgomery.
HOUSE. 10 rooms, furnished; full: piano; pew
carpets; rent $26; clears "130. 726 Mission; $270.
$450 CASH— 22 rooms; clean; sunny; central;
will pay well. Box 1192, Call office.
HOUSE of 32 rooms; suitable for lodging house.
Inquire 1153 Howard st, near Eighth.
SIXTH, 420—28 rooms, all rented, for sale
cheap': good reason for selling; pays well.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms, complete for house-
keeping; cheap. 522 Howard.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to inv»stl-
gate and approve thi3 method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos, for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinwav dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW good bargains in uprights from $120
up. All guaranteed.
Weber, in fine order.
Estey, used very little.
Bradford, good as new; Knabe, used seven
months. Easy payments. /
BENJ. CURTAZ & CO., Chickering Agents.
16-20 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S
26 28 and SO O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
BARGAINS! BARGAINS! BARGAINS!
Pianos $40, $150, $200, $250. • $300.
Positively can't be beat
J. DEWING CO., 2d floor. Flood bldg., Mkt. St.
FOR sale— 9-room house: newly furnished: low
rent; owner obliged to go north. 17 Powell
St.. upstairs.
LODGI N< ;- TK>I bargain if sold this day.
COWING & CO.. 995 Market Bt.
HORNUNG'B pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. "216 McAllister st.
$150— ELEGANT upright; stool, cover; on $5
installments. 1115 Post st
PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted.
Send postal card to COOKS, 1081 Howard at.
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms., 1710 Mkt.
NEW pianos, stool and scarf, $3 per mo. rental.
SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co., 660 Hayes st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W G BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett — Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good Xiprlght cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister Bt.. next Hibernia Bank. .
BOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 80S Post st
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy, 308 Poet st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell et
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, i Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
if pages. In wrapper, for mnlllng ?1 Der year.
HORSES.
HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
117 Sixth st ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS. .
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH _ WOLFMAN. .95-197 Fremont St.
FOR sale— A 300-egg incubator In good order;
very cheap. Call or address 1107 Twenty-
third aye.. Oakland. .
CREAMERY machinery for sale; a bargain;
almost new; latest type separator, holler, en-
gine, etc.; sold separately or together. Apply
box 447, Petalum a. Cal.
GAS engine, SV4 horsepower, $1SO; 8 horsepower,
$350; others, new and second hand. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO., 503 California st.
EIGHTH, 138— Fruit store for sale cheap.
FOR Llewelyn breed pups; 1 month old;
■ cheap. 739 Pine st. .
CANARY birds, males and females, cheap, at
8163 Sixteenth St.. near Valencia.
ENGINES, dynamos, boilers, pumps, belting,
etc. WHITE'S. 516 Mission st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;
complete; cheap. 1315 Mission St.. nr. 15th.
THOROUGHBRED St. Bernard dog; 11 months
old. Address 797 Mission St., corner Fourth.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page; saves power. Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission.
PRENTICE lathe, screw cutting, full set of
attachments. See owner. 723 Capp st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second band.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth. > ■
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe for sale cheap
at 42 Main st.
SAFES— sizes new and second- hand. THE I
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Beale St.
OVERSTOCK— St. Germain Billiard Co. ; tables,
saloon fixtures, beer pumps: rented. 409 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower, $100: 2, $128;
8. $150; 4, $175. SMITH CO., 627 Mission St.
POLYPHONE, $35: attachment (only). $15; will
— fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
size-; half original cost. :09-r.l Market. S. F.
• ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W.King, attorney at law; 6th
floor, Chronicle building; no advance charges;
estates, mortgages, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts, etc.,
drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
ADVICE frea; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without succe«s; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 860 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; all legal matters. J. B. EVANS,
14 McAllister st,, near Hlbernla Bank.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.* W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st
PERSONALS.
EDA B. J.— Mother anxious and worrying;
write at once. W. H. BRAUN.
WEALTHY, unlncumbered widower, with
prosperous business, will appreciate true, de-
voted wife. BANKER, box 42, 1532 Third
aye.. New York.
YOU can MAKE your hair grow by using Led-
erer's Quinonla, 35c bottle. Lederer's Foamo
Shampoo is 5c pkg. G. Lederer, 123 Stockton.
THEATRICAL managers will find it to their
interest to invest in my wigs, closing out
1000 at 25c on the dollar; hairdressing 25c.
G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONS, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
WRINKLES removed a specialty at the new
and handsome quarters, Harmonic Life In-
stitute. 708 Sutter st., near Taylor: consulta-
tion free; receptions every Monday and
Thursday from 2 to 3 p. m.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
I SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
OPERA bangs and switches. 60c up; this week
only; artistic opera dressing. La Verlte Hair-
dressing Parlors. 30 Geary; phone red 3733.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
THE genuine misfit, 272 Fifth st. ; $30 and $40
pults at your own price; perfect fit guarant'd.
PRIVATE residence for ladles in delicate
health. MRS DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth, Alameda.
.sRUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no In-
jection ;guarntd.Dr.Gordin,sl4 Pine, ab. Kearny
DR. F. YON BUELOW has removed from 822
Valencia to 1206 Market St., rooms 9 and 10.
BATHS, 12Hc: 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladlee; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8; bed loung-
es $4 BO; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, m tHh.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing. furniture, bought.
Bold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post st., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
A— CLOAKS, tuns and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $s up; dresses made
over: perfect fit.. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP. spirit seer. 1724 Market
St.. near Polk; counsel, 50c; by letter, 50c;
meetings every night, 10c^
MOTHER SADIE, materializing seance to-day,
12 o'clock, 60c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRa ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m. ;
Mon., 8; 2".c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAI'MANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary St.,
bet. Powell and Mason. Her success as a
medium has startled the entire world. Her
power Is acknowledged by press and public tn
_c of the highest order. She advise? you to a
certainty by a higher than human power.
Her parlors are thronged by anxious people
looking for important information, and every
reply is niost gratifying; all are plpasfii.
Without a question she tells fach caller their
name and for what they came. She gives
advire on business, speculation, lawsuits, old
estates, love, courtship anrl marriage— ovory-
thing. The unfortunate anrl troubled should
seek hf>r counsel and start aright. Positively
no attention paid to letter unless $1 aocom-
panles. 9 a. m. to 9:30 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing; ladies, EOc; gents, $1; sit., $1 60. 126 Turk.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
211 Kearny st., rooms 9 and 10.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 1039 Mission,
downstairs, Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays.
BLANCHE DE THAPBLLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
GYPSY life reader gives true readings; ladies,
_:. . gents, 50c. 1063 Mission St., near Seventh.
j MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st. ; clairvoyant
I and pnlmiFt; truth or no pay: 25c.
MME. RAVENA reHds life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladlps. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 153 V. Sth, r. 21.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, tn wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil Count St. Ger-
mainp, 33SS Twenty-first St.. above Valencia;
tel. 'White 1571; rending by mall, $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed f.y
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush
St.; 15 years' experience; references given.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home in confinement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by co»-
Fultlng the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post st.. bet.
Hyde and Larkln; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2t04 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed,
without Injury to health, or money refunded
by MRS. DR. GWYER. 5* Eddy St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkln; office hours. 10 to 12, J to 4
and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
E0 year 3" practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; dtsgraoe
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills. $1; very strong, $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician: can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or instruments
used: consultation free; traveling parties
helped !nstantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $6; by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relives monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases or Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money,
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023V4 Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
$;'. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
caces of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
antead cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor: hours 9 to 5 p. m.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate: regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; infants adopted Into good
homee; call before consulting others.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richardß & Co.. 408 Clay
Ft. ; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OROOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, HIS Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back: $5 up.
PRIVATE home In confinement; best refs.;
1540% Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedemann. midwife.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.treats all dis-
eases of the human hody. 115 Mason st.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
Ing, advance, etc. 735 Market; tel. Black 311.
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 24 Morris aye., off Harrison, near Sixth-
Sunny 5-room house, renovated. $13; water
free; appreciatrd if seen; please Investigate.
HOUSE to let; 6 rooms. 23}4 Morris aye.. near
Sixth and Harrison sts.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery at.
SEVENTEENTH. 3434, near Valencia— House. 7
rooms and bath, in first-class order; rent $20.
BTJNNT house. 6 rooms and bath, newly painted
and papered; 220 Ash aye.. bet. Van Ness
and Franklin. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
TURK, 1682— Cottage, 4 rooms; also 3-room cot-
tage in rear: large stable: rent reasonable.
Apply MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market St.
$10 50— HOUSE, 4 rooms, cellar, yard. 468 Lin- i
den aye., near Hayes and Laguna tits.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON, 333— A cottage of 3 rooms, chick-
en house, yard; San Mateo cars to Thirty-
fifth st. ; rent $6. -
COTTAGE, 1819 Baker St.; 6 rooms and bath;
painted inside and outside; finished basement.
$6 PER month, 5 rooms, with chicken houses
and ft acre of ground. A. M. SPECK & CO.
$10— COTTAGE. 4 rooms; yard; respectable lo-
cation. 1706 Turk St., near Bcott.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage:
will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder. 521
X St.. Sunset District.
fc'LATS TO LET.
CLAY, 1415 A, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde-
First-class sunny flat, 8 rooms and bath; ex-
tra room In basement; rent reduced very low.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick— Modern
eunny flat. 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT of 5 sunny rooms and bath. 122 Vi
San Jose aye.. between Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth ayes. Apply 1515 J ,z Market Bt.
GUERRERO, 1151, corner 24th— 5 and 7 room
sunny modern Hats; stone basements; $15. $20.
~~* HOUSES. j FLATS.
122 Laguna, 12 r... 535:3033 California. 6 r...520
707 Ellis, 6 r 25! 209 Webster, 6 r 25
2214 Geary 6 r 19 1 1609 Turk, 6 r 18
6 Willow ay, 6 r. IS 707 Stockton, 6 r 22
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market Bt.
HOWARD 1722. near Thirteenth— Sunny, new,
4 rooms; bath; $15; very choice; laundry.
MASON 2319—6 rooms and bath: large lower
floor, 4 stalls, in whole or part.
MODERN bay-window flat; 4 punny rooms and
bath. 70SA Brannan St., near Sixth.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL, 10 Montgomery st.
POLK. 1710, near Clay— Bay-window flat, 7 sun-
ny rooms; bath; $25.
RINCON Hill— Americans owning house would
let (to parties without children) sunny corner
flat of 5 rooms and bath; bay windows; fine
view of city and bay; last party stayed 9
years. 351 First pt. ; references.
SEE those elegant new modern flats and stores,
corner Valencia and Nineteenth sts. Apply
to L. A. SOUC & CO., 465 Valencia st., near
Sixteenth^
SIXTH, 536 A —Upper flat, 5 rooms, bath, large
yard; rent reduced; $12.
SUNNY flat, 5 rooms and bath. 207 Steiner
st., bet. Haight and Waller.
BUNNY flat, 4 rooms, modern, reasonable; also
one of 3. 1230 Broadway.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath, 6% Dearborn,
off 17th, between Valencia and Guerrero.
4O7J~TWENTY-THIRD St., near Castro; upper
Eunny 6 rooms; $15.
697 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; upper 5 rooms;
$17.
47 Pond st.; upper sunny 5 rooms; $14.
4 ROOMS, bath, $12 and $14: 5 largs rms., bath,
laundry, gardens, $22 50; 7-room house, bath,
laundry, gardens, 826. Dempster. 36 Glen Park
aye., oft 12th st. ; location should be Been.
$23—2147 MARKET St., corner Guerrero; modern
sunny flat of 7 rooms and bath. Apply
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE_& CO.
$S— THREE upper rooms; 4 closets. 1008 Na-
toma st., near Eleventh; rear.
$16— NEW flat 5 rooms and bath. NW. corner
of Turk ana Ptarce sts.
$17 FLAT, newly papered and painted: 5 rooms
and hath. Apply 2-0 Thirte.-nth. near Howard.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT^Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor Bts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KINO.
FELL 26 — 2 or 3 nice sunny front rooms par-
tially furnished; reasonable. _ _______
FOLSOM, 776^—2 connecting rooms for house-
keeping, with stove; also single room, J4
FULTON, 213 — One or two unfurnished front
parlors 'and room for light housekeeping.
FULTON, 671 — 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; $13.
GEARY, 1505—4 large sunny rooms, connecting,
gas range, bath, closet, $IS.
GROVK. 486)4 Large pleasant front room; use
of kitchen; punny yard and garden; $5.
HOWARD. 849- Large furnished front room;
other rooms; also hath; for housekeeping,
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Finely furnished
sunny rooms; als.i hous.>k.-.-].niK; transient.
HOWARD, 1113V4— 8 rooms, $10; housekeeping;
also single rooms, $1 up. ,
HOWARD, 2351— 2 sunny furnished rooms, run-
ning water, stove, bath, $8-__
HYDE, 609— Suites of 2 or 3 rooms: complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath: 12 to $20.
LARKIN, i(M Large sunny front, with small
connecting room, neatly furnished for light
housekeeping, $10.
LINDEN aye., 886— S light sunny housekeeping
rooms; water; bath; rent $10.
MINNA. 546 -Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping; large yard.
MINNA '-'; between Kighth and Ninth— 2 big
sunny unfurnished rooms; bay window; gar-
den: big yard. •
MISSION, 945— Front room, with folding bed
and kitchen, complete r-r housekeeping.
NINTH, 20—2 sunny connecting rooms, $10;
bay-window suite, $12; stove, water, jj
OAK. 119— Large parlor and kitchen complete
tor heavy housekeeping; $14.
POLK; 1602—2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$8; more rooms if required; unfurnished front
room.
POLK 522— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; also single; rent cheap.
POWELL, 418— Rooms; housekeeping; iurnlshed
or unfurnished.
H Ml -Front bay-window suite, furnished
i usekeeplng,
BTi -' i. < . . 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap. ___^
TAYLOR. 609—3 sunny unfurnished rooms;
light housekeeping.
TENTH, 136, corner Minna- Sunny front house-
keeping rooms; also single.
THREE comfortable rooms for American cou-
ple; part rent in hoard for owner. At 3990
Twentieth st.; Wednesdays. _
TWELFTH/230C— Nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms; private family; gas stove; se-
lect locality.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367, near Mission— 2 large
sunny furnished housekeeping suites, $S and
$10; also single.
VAN NESS, 31— Suite of 3 bay-window sunny
rooms, rent $18; also 2 single.
VAN NESS. 311—2 furnished housekeeping
rooms, with stove.
|10 — 4 rooms, hath, gas; Twenty-second-st. cars
pass. 8858 Twpnty-fourth st.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; flrst-cla»J
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Geary. 14A— Double room; gas; running
water; first floor.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
AT 62 Second— Double rooms, per wk.. $1 50 to
$S; single, $1 to $1 50; night, 25c to 60c.
BURNETT, 1428 Market (old No. IS64)— Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH 63*. The La Mar— Newly furnished
sunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable.
DEVISADERO IS23— Neatly furnished rooms;
private family: no children; $5 per month.
FIFTH. 221— Quiet sunny house; rooms, $1 to
$2 week; also housekeeping.
FIFTH 353 — Clean furnished housekeeping
rooms; 3 for $12; 2 for $12; single rooms, $4 up.
FULTON, 226%— Sunny front room for gentle-
man only. -
GEAHY, Glo— Nicely furnished sunny front bay-
window room; running water; $12.
GEARY, 736, near Leavenworth— l double room,
$C; 1 single, $5; bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; grate, running water; pri-
vate family; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates: families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
LARKIN. 101*— Sunny front room; suitable for
[ gentleman; private family; $6. (
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
LEAVENWORTH, 517— Single furnished room
for gent, only $5 per month. ■ -
LEWIS, IS, off Taylor, near Post— large
rooms and kitchen, unfurnished, $9.
MARKET, 1130, near Taylor— changed
hands: nice front sunny rooms, suitable for
offices; other rooms; rent very reasonable.
McALLISTER,~677— Furnished rooms; also house-
keeping; first flat; cheap.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MINNA, 713—1 large double front room; sunny;
rent reasonable. ______^__^__
MISSION, ,925%— Nicely furnished double and
single sunny front rooms.
MONTGOMERY, 137, and Bush, 305— Nicely
furnished rooms by the day, week or month.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
O'FARRELL. So2— Large sunny parlor suite
and front alcove, prettily furnished: private.
OLIVE aye.. 127—2 unfurnished rooms and 1
furnished.
POLK, 607 — Two rooms; 'stationary washstand;
sunny; double beds; also hkpg rooms; piano.
POLK 523~ near O'Farrell— front room,
nicely furnished; suitable for 1 or 2.
SEVENTH. 192 (Glrard House)— Sunny rooms;
reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.. I
near Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136— Furnished rooms; light housekeep- j
Ing rooms; $1 per week; quiet house. _|
STEVENSON. 409. and Mint aye., 22, near ;
. Fifth— furnished rms. grate; $1 up.
TAYLOR, 149— Sunny furnished rooms; quiet I
house; transients; bath; changed hands.
VAN. NESS avenue, 904— Newly furnished
front room, $10; also room off parlor.
2 SUNNY front rooms, water and close*; rent 1
$6. 252 Natoma St., near Fourth. |
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. j
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. :
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
ELLTfsT~66T^ewly^fimiisTie2rroo7riirwith first-
class home cooking: with gas, bath and tel.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with |
room. »4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
HYDE, Large Bunny rooms, with excel-
lent board; families solicited: reasonable.
LEXINGTON aye., 257 Furnished room with
board, suitable for young lady. $3 50 week. !
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable; table board.
O'FARRELL. Large nicely furnished front
room with board; private; $45 for two.
POST. 609. near Pleasant sunny rooms,
with excellent board; meals at all hours.
POWELL, 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front °uite; bath; excellent board.
~™ RESTAURANTS.
PERINI'B, 16 Mason St.— French dinner. 50c:
lunch, 25c or a la carte; pri. rms. for ladles.
CAMPI'S Restaurant; any 2 15c dishes, with
email coffee. 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBAEDI'S French dinner. 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.7« Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
■ cream ptrlor. 1035 Market.: popular prices.
CHILDREN. BOARDED.
WANTED— ChiId to board: good home; no
■ qupstlons asked. 417 Jones st.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER saloon to let on Sixth st; occupied
by one tenant for twenty years. Apply to
C S. CAPP & CO.. real estate agents. 630
Market st.
$14—3851 Twenty-fourth st.: corner store; 4
rooms: stable If desired; 22d-st cars pass.
STORE and 2 living rooms; cellar. Apply 417
Third st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANT amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
fire- avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in 8. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
- Sixth; telephone Bouth 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates: circu-
lar mailed to any address. R. GOULD, 131
Montgomery st. S. F.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
BORROW money on Indorsed paper or your
. salary: small loans a specialty; any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. Sd and Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. T>rvil< > n. <1S Montgomery *t.
~~~ FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— estate, 2d mortg.. chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Krelger. 312 Emaminer big.
SHERIFFS SALE.
SI?ERIfF'S~~S ALE— JAMES D. BYRNES^
plaintiff, vs. A. DAVIDSON, defendant.
Sale. Superior Court, Department No. 7.
No. 67324. Execution.
Under and by virtue of an execution. Issued
out of the Superior Court, Department No.
7, of the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, on the 4th day of March,
A. D. 1899. in the above entitled action, where-
in JAMES D. BYRNES, the above named
plaintiff, obtained a judgment against A.
DAVIDSON, defendant, on the 13th day of
February, A. D. 1899, which said judgment
was recorded In the clerk's office of said
court, I am commanded to sell all the right,
title and interest of the above named de-
fendant, ALONZO DAVIDSON, in and to all
that certain lot, piece or parcel of land, suit-
uate lying and being in the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California, and
bounded and described as follows:
Commencing on the southerly line of Na-
toma street, one hundred ninety-six and 3-12
feet (196 3-12) west from its Intersection with
the westerly line of Fifth street, and one
hundred and sixty feet (160) north from
Howard street; thence west on the said
southerly line of Natoma street and parallel
with Howard street twenty-one and 3-12 feet
(21 3-12) feet; thence southerly and parallel
with Fifth street eighty (SO) feet: thence
easterly and parallel . with Howard street
1 twenty-one and 3-12 feet (21 3-12): thence
northerly and parallel with Fifth street
eighty (80) feet to Natoma street and the
point of commencement.
Being a portion of subdivisions 19 and 20
of 100-vara lot number 196, according to: the
official map and survey of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Public notice/ Is hereby given that on
TUESDAY, the 4th day of April, A. D. 1899.
at 12 o'clock, noon, of that day, in front of
the New City Hall, Larkin street wing, in
the City and County of San Francisco, I will,
in obedience to said execution, sell all of the
rieht title and Interest of the above named
defendant, ALONZO DAVIDSON, in and to
the above described property, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to raise suf-
ficient money to satisfy said Judgment, with
Interest and costs, etc., to the highest and
best bidder for lawful money of the United
States. HENRY S. MARTIN.
Sheriff.
San Francisco. March 13th, 1899.
JOHN W. BOURDETTE, Call Building,
San Francisco. Attorney for Plaintiff.
DELINQUENT NOTICES.
D^fNQU^N^TsXL^N^T^C^Sicßair^Uding
Hinge Window Company. Location of prin-
cipal place of business, San Francisco. Cal.
NOTICE— There Is delinquent upon the fol-
lowing described stock, on account of assess-
ment levied on the 14th day of February. A. D.
1899 the several amounts set • opposite the
names of the respective shareholders, as fol-
lows: .1 M -■
No. No.
Names— Cert. Shares. Amt.
Elvln C McCall « 10.000 $500
Elvin C' McCall'. 1 6.000 300
ElvinC. McCall 8 1.000 • 50
Elvin C. McCall 9 1.000 50
Clarence C McCall 18 10.000 500 1
Clarence C. McCall 11 6,000 too I
Clarence C. McCall 12 1,000 • 50 I
Clarence C. McCall 13 1.000 50
Michael O'Sullivan. 14 10.000 500
Michael O'Sullivan IS 6,000 300
Michael O'Sullivan 16 1,000 50
Michael O'Sullivan 17 1,000 50
Jonas Weyl 18 6,000 300
And in accordance with law and an order of
the board of directors, . made on the 14th day I
of February, 1599, so many shares of each par- |
eel of such stock as may be necessary will be
sold at the office of the company. No. 215
Golden Gate avenue. San Francisco. Cal., on
Tuesday, the 4th day of April, at the hour of
12 o'clock m. of said day. to pay delinquent as-
sessments .thereon, together with the costs of
advertising and expenses of the sale.
ELVIN C. : McCALL. Secretary.
• Office, 215 Golden Gat« aye., - San Francisco.
, Cal.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MISSION COTTAGES
Four " 5. 6 and 8 room houses on the sunny
aide of Twentieth, st., between Castro and
Noe- $2200 to $3200; small cash payment; bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder. ;
THE German-American is the place to go if
you wiah to sell, buy or exchange country or
city real estate. 34 Kearny st.
WANTED at once— lncome property: must be
cheap. Call A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
WAY below cost: fine store and elegant flat.
6 rooms and bath; always rented. $60, lot
27:6x132:6". Premises. 3027 Sacramento st.
.COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
TEN-ACRE tracts of fine fruit land near Au-
burn. Placer Co.; $5 monthly: no interest: *w
to $25 per acre. JACOB HEYMAN, 19 Mont-
gomery st. .
$5 TO $30 an acre: list free; crops sure. M-
GRIFFIN, Cottonwcod, Shasta County, lai.
MARIN Co.. 26 miles from 8. F.-*io to $S0 per
acre; choice lamia In tracts of all sizes, im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms : rail
nnd water transit: good schools HOME ANIJ
FAKM CO.. rm. 27. Bth floor. Mills bldg.. S. F.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts- 2150 acres sold to 120 families, . .500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1*97-93 address THE
I COT ATI CO., 302 California St.. S. F. '-.
1 SALE or rent-Chicken ranch: suburban home:
cheap. T. ABRAMS, box 174. Petaluma. Cat.
CHEAPEST and b— t in America-The Week l y i
Call 16 pages, sent to any address in tn«
United States, postpaid, for M per year.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
$5000— HIGHLY improved 9-room dw-elling in
best resident part of Ukiah City: large lot:
good barn; beautiful lawn; flowers, shade and
Ornamental trees; to exchange for improved
ranch in San Joaquln or Sacramento V* l "
, leys. Address W. M PEERY. Uklah. Cal.
PROPERTY WANTED.
! WANTED— 2 or 3 acres, with improvements. In
Fruitvale on easy terms. Address box 1221.
Call office. ■ ___^—
OAKLAND ADTERTBiENS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
j _— -. i —
OAKLAND REAL «£SA'A-'E.
$1650^MODERN cottage. 6 rooms and bath:
stable; good for any business: near Twenty-
third aye. station; a few hundred dollars nr«
payment, • balance easy terms. S. L.MUAK.
1 <■; East Fourteenth st. ■
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SAl _^
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. BCHEU^
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh Ft. Sco him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1300— (ONLY one) to order, modern cottage, 5
rooms, bath. etc.. with lot. at station: also to
let cheap dressmaking rooms, first floor, Park
st. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st.
12000— COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x150;
fine artesian well, windmill, etc. : easy, terms.
Elegant new home. 8 rooms; lot 4iHJ«.
Santa Clara aye.: terms $400 cash. $25 per mo
12600— New Colonial cottage, 6 rooms; lot «x
207- half block from station and high school:
terms $400 cash. $25 per month. in , 1 , ft . <,_.,
13500— New house of 8 rooms; lot 40x150. nn»
location: San Antonio ave/^Chestnut Station:
j te A m business "corner. 25x82:6: store and flat
above; new and modern: must be sold; owner
going East. '-■■■•'
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOB K AT. X- CO 14".2 P«-k ft.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HOUSE~~of 2 flats, containing 11 rooms; 4
minutes from depot and university: rent $23,
price $2500; house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
80x135- good location: street work done;
' $1500 FREESE & CODDINGTON. East
Be rkeley station. ■ .
"BIRTHS— MARRIA6ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and ba
indorsed with the name and residence or per-
■ sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COHN— In this city. March 25, 1899. to the wife
of W. 1 ''inn, a son.
LABHARD— In this city, to the wife of Theo-
dore Labhard, a daughter.
RIORDAN— In this city. March 7. 1599. to the
wife of William M. Riordan. a daughter.
MARRIED.
McAIiPIN-GRISWOLD-In this city. March
26 1899 by the Rev. John A B. Wilson.
DD ; . William P. McAlpin of San Francisco
and; Mac Griswold of Sacramento. ■
DIED
Abfnhelmer. Julius Meyer. John C.
Fern. Charles F. Meyers, Mary
Harrison. Ida E. Neagle. Garett E.
Hoxell, John V. Peck. William
Kr.'gh, Marcus Wannenmacher, Klt-
K«*nt. Josephine ' tie-
McGown, Leonidas
TIMER— In the City and County Hospi-
tal March 26. 1899, Julius. Abnnheimer. a : na-
tive of Germany, aged 47 years.
FENX-In this city. March 25, 1899, Charles F ,
beloved son of Charles B. and Vlncenzia M.
Fenil, a native of Ban Francisco, aged 11
months and 25 days.
HARBISON— this city. March 25, IS?9. Ida
Ethei beloved daughter of Jacob H. and
Sarah S. Harrison, a native of San Francisco,
Bged 13 1 years and IS days. . ■.• '
HOXELL— In this city, March 25, 1899. John
Victor beloved husband of Annie Ho\ell, a
native of Finland, aged 35 years 8 montnsand
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock, from Union square
Hal! 421 Post street, under the auspices of
the Benevolent Society. Star of Finland, In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KKNT-In this city. March 25. :599. at the resi-
dence of her aunt. Mrs. F. Perry. 128% .Noe
street. Josephine, dearly beloved daughter of
Mary and the late James Kent, an« sister
• of Nellie Kent, a native of San Francisco,
refd 18 years and 8 months. ,
|T?"Notice of funeral hereafter. .' ;
KROGH-In this city, March 23. 1899. Marcus
beloved husband of Hanna Krogh. father of
Marie and Peter Krogh and brother of An-
drew Krogh of Hay wards, a native of Son- _
derburg Schleswig-Holsteln. Germany, aged
BO years. A member of Helga Branch. No. 3
of the Danish Society Danla of California.
try Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dent ■' Newell street, off Lombard., between
Mason and Taylor. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. . »'•''." ;
McGOWN-In this city, March 25. 1899. Leoni-
das McGown. father of Leonidas P.. Charles
I) and John E. McGown and Mrs. John G.
Noonan, a native of Tennessee.- aged 10 years
and 11 months. (Virginia City. Nev., and
MarysviUe, Cal.. papers please copy.)
ETTne funeral will take place this day
(Mondavi, at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence UN Page street, near Clayton. Inter-
ment private. Cypress Lawn Cemetery
MEYER— In this city, March 26,- 18W, John
"Christian, beloved son of Mrs. Anna and the
late Henry Meyer of Rechtenfleth, Germany,
nephew of Henry Kohn, and cousin of Jo-
hanna Kohn and Kohn Bros a native of.
Brooklyn. N. V.. aged 29 years and 10 months.
- ir^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fnllv invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Shtels' Hall. 32
O^Farrell street, under the auspices of the
Norddeutscher Verein. Remains at the par-
lors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MEYERS-In this city. March 25. 1899 Mary
Meyers beloved mother of Mabel Alien.: a
native of County Waterford, Ireland, aged
41 years and 4 months.' •";•-.• • -
IT? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where serv-
Ices will be held for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
NEAOLE— In Crockett. March 26, 18». Garett
E beloved son of John and Julia N eagle, a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 3 months
and 19 days.
PECK-In this city, March 22. 1599. William,
beloved son of Nellie Peck, and brother. of
Adeline Peck, a native of New Jersey, aged
SO years.
WANNENMACHER— In this city. March 26.
1899. Kittle, beloved, daughter of Robert and
Christine Wannenmacher, and sister of Reu-
ben Wannenmacher, a native of ban Fran-
I cisco, aged 15 years 6 months and 9 days.
C7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. 405 Frederick street, .corner of
Cole. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher);
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. .
I™"" ""mcavoy <fc co., T
I DIKEuTORS & CO., I
FUNEKAL DIHE^TORS & EMbALAfKRB I
I 1236 Market at, between Bth and Sib. •• I
I■ - ' :..■_• Telephone. South 147. I
910
KENTUCKY'S GOVERNOR
WILL SETTLE HERE
Legal and Political Gossips Are
Guessing the Reason.
The Distinguished Newcomer Will Critically Inspect
Us — What He Knows About the Southern
Pacific Company and Its Interests.
William O'Connell Bradley, states
man, lawyer, soldier and at present
Republ . Governor of Kentucky.
haa b« very suddenly and most
lly a person of marked in
:he people of this city. Gov
ernor has decided to settle per
mtly in San Francisco and take
up here the practice of law. In decid
ing to honor this city with his presence
listingiiished abilities Governor
Bradley has set the tongues of political
and legal gossips a-wagging, and
scores of men prominent in public af
fairs are wondering why Governor
Bradley has made his choice. In choos
>an Francisco as his future field
of operations he has overlooked greater
communities if not better opportuni
WILLIAM 0. BRADLEY, GOVERNOR OF KENTUCKY, Who Will Make
This City His Field of Operations.
tie? nearer his Kentucky home. But
pome of the wise ones say Governor
Bradley Is eminently qualified to attend
to bis own affairs to the best advan
tage. Governor Bradley knows Collis
P. Huntington.
The dispatches pay that Governor
Bradley is now in the mountains of
West Virginia enjoying a much-needed
and well-deserved rest from his guber
natorial labors. lie has announced
that before he returr«s to take up his
official burden again he will visit San
Francisco and "size up the the situa
tion." What that may mean remains
to be seen. San Francisco has its full
phare of able attorneys, and if Gov
ernor Bradley believes that he will be
able to "sise" them up and take their
mental competitive caliber in the time
he has reserved for himself, it is more
than likely that after he has finished
his inquiry he will have another guess
coming. But Governor Bradley knows
Collis P. Iluntinrton, and Uncle Collis,
It is said, is not altogether pleased with
his legal staff. It may be that Gov
ernor Bradley intends to make some
critical observations on the weather.
It is said that a chill has come into the
atmosphere in the neighborhood of
Market and Montgomery streets since
the adjournment of the Legislature at
Sacramento.
Governor Bradley docs not intend to
resign his high office to come to San
Francisco. A step of such importance
as the removal of one's influence from
home to a strange city thousands of
mile? away demands deliberation, par
ticularly when one is as old as Gov
ernor Bradley. He will not resign, but
will serve his term to its expiration in
December next. He will then favor us
•with his permanent presence.
While Governor Bradley Is not well
acquainted with many people in San
Francisco or in California, it would be
a gross in.lustic> to lib to say that he
Is unfamiliar with California, affairs.
As . .utter of fact, he is most thor
oughly informed upon some of the
most important subjects that ever
agitated the people of California. As
Governor of Kentucky he became ac
quainted with Collis P. Huntingdon and
that great creature of the railroad
magnate, the Southern Pacific Com
pany of Kentucky.
In his official capacity Governor
Bradley learned very quickly to know
what Huntington wanted and what he
did not want in the way of legislative
enactments. During his term of office
Governor Bradley became thoroughly
familiar with the efforts of the Ken
tucky Legislature to abrogate the
charter of the Southern Pacific Com
pany of Kentucky. It is a matter of
congratulation to him perhaps and of
thanks for Huntington that the railroad
magnate received what he wanted and
the charter was not forfeited. Gov
ernor Bradley, as already Indicated, is
a lawyer of marked ability, and Hunt
ingdon enjoys the reputation of loving
those that love him. It is not improb
able that Governor Bradley will find
the "climate of San Francisco to his
•liking.
During his term of office Governor
Bradley saw the people of Kentucky
making strenuous efforts to force
Huntington to pay his just taxes as
other people who do not enjoy the
friendships of Governors are compelled
to do. The Southern Pacific Company
of Kentucky had the same conscien
tious scruples acainst paying its just
debts as the Southern Pacific Company
of this State. Suits were instituted by
theauthorities of Kentucky to force the
railroad to pay its just debts and back
taxes. There was a stubborn legal |
fight and one day Governor Bradley's
Attorney General. W. S. Taylor, com
promised with Huntinrton upon a 1
basis that made the great heart of the !
railroad magnate glad. This is why it
is that Governor Bradley may rank j
Collis P. Hunrington among his friends i
and why Kentucky's Governor may j
give San Francisco the best of it after
a critical observation of the city's in
adequacies.
"With the prnspert < f such a distin
guished addition to the legal frater
nity of San Francisco something of the
record of Governor Bradley's life may
not be uninteresting It may be that
the Governor may give us a few new
points in the law governing railroads
with a particular application to the
Southern Pacific.
governor Bradley was born in Ken
j tueky in IM7. At the age of 14 he en
j tered the Federal army and three years
later, by a special act of the Legisla
ture of his native State, he was ad
mitted to the bar. The American sup
plement of the Encyclopedia Britan
nica says he is a statesman. In 1870
he was elected a District Attorney and
in 1872 and 1576 he enjoyed the distinc
tion of being: defeated for Congress.
In 1880 he seconded the nomination of
U. S. Grant for President at the Chi
cago National Republican Convention.
President Arthur employed him to as
sist in prosecuting "star route" thieves,
and in 1887 he ran for Governor of
Kentucky and was defeated. In 1895
he was elected Governor and on De
cember 31 next his term will expire.
Shortly after his election he met Collis
P. Huntington and had the good for*
tune to merit the good will and active
friendship of the railroad magnate.
*/ffa/&Z/\u$iln&
Ib superior to all other malt extracts, prepared
from pure selected materials. The name of
the Anheuser-RußCh Brewing Association, its
makers, guarantees Its merit.
THE GAS RATE FIGHT.
San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany Probably Controls the
Situation*
To-day the Supervisors will take up and
consider the offer of the Mutual Electric
Light Company to light the City Hall at
a saving of 40 per cent. The majority re
port of the Finance Committee on the
matter of lighting, which, it is understood,
is satisfactory to the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, will be read to
day and the understanding that the San
Francisco Company is satisfied with the
report may be taken as evidence that the
adoption of the report will leave that cor
poration in control of the situation.
This presumption is strengthened by
the laying over of the report of Engineer
Hunt, who holds that the city, by operat
ing its own electrical plant, can annually
save to the peoj^e the biff sum of $220,000,
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, MARCH 27, 1899.
and the repudiation by the board of the
report of the minority of the Finance
Committee demanding a # reduction of the
light bills and gas rates for the future.
In any event a merry little debate is ex
pected to result.
AN INFLUENCE MANIFEST.
Changes May Be Made in the Fed
eral Building Plans.
It is very evident that some strong in
fluence from the Pacific Coast has been at
work among the officeholders at Washing
ton. At least a sudden change has taken
place in the mind of the supervising archi
tect having under his charge the plans
and specifications of the new Federal
building. Some time ago these plans were
sent to this city with a view of letting
local contractors prepare their bids for
the work in the several departments of
the structure. The first snag struck wad
on the construction of the floor in the
proposed building. The plans called for
a concrete floor throughout the building,
and at this the firm of Gladding. Moßean
& Co. made a vigorous kick. They as
serted that the plans prevented them
from making a bid, as they deal only in
hollow tile materials, and the conorete
men would have a monopoly.
The firm wrote a letter or two to Super
vising Architect J. K. Taylor requesting
him to change the specifications sn that
alternate bids on this work would be
called lor. They also urged the Manu
facturers 1 and Producers' Association and
the Merchants' Association to take up the
fight in the interests of home products.
Hoth bodies sent to Washington urgent
letters indorsing the petition of the firm,
nnd in this they were joined by the
Chamber of Commerce.
A week ago the manufacturers received
a dispatch stating that no change would
be made, and on Friday the merchants
received a wire from Mr. Taylor, who
said: "It is not deemed wise to allow
terra cotta floor arches to be substituted
for the concrete construction in the San
Francisco Postoffice." This was followed
by a letter dated the 20th Inst.. giving a
few of the reasons for the decision set
forth in the dispatch. In the meantime
other influences were brought to hear, and
yesterday Captain Charles Nelson of the
Chamber of Commerce received a tele
gram from H. A. Taylor. Assistant Sec
retary, saying: "An addendum to the
specifications <>f the San Francisco Post
office will be prepared for bidders calling
Iternate bids on floor construction,
as you desire."
A TE—BLOR AT SEA.
Felt on the feteamer Tacoma 200
Miles From Yokohama.
An earthquake shock of unusual dura
tion and Intensity, considering the depth
of water, was reported by the steamer
Tacoma on her arrival at Yokohama
Marc!; ':,. The following extract from a
letter from I". H. Henig, third officer of
the stPamer, to Charles IT. Turner of the
United States branch hydrographicn; ot
■ tli!< city gives the details, which
are of much scientific interest:
"YOKOHAMA, March 3. I<W.
"Yesterday morning I was quite sur
prised <>n the bridge in the watch on deck
by a heavy shock which was caused hy
an earthquake. At 9:. r ,2 a. m.. March 2.
in latitude 33 decrees, 33 minutes 2 sec
mi,ls north and longitude I: 1 '; degrees 21
minutes 33 seconds east, wo experienced
a quite heavy earthquake. The shock
and the vibration of the vessel lasted for
sixteen seconds. The barometer showed
at that time 30.15, and during my watch
up to the shock the wind was very light
and from east-northeast. It quickly
shifted to east one-half south, Increasing
but very little. At 11:30 a. m. the wind
again returned to east-northenst. Force
was 1. Temperature of water 64 degrees
Fahrenheit ; of air fiO Fahrenheit.- The
sea was very quiet and smooth, and the
formation of clouds cirro-cumulus. The
shock was most heavily felt down in the
engine room, it lifting the engineer on
watch off his feet. On the bridge 1 felt
it most on the starboard side, the vessel
having a list to starboard. ♦ • • Your
friend, P. H. HENIG."
A Military Evening.
Next Monday evtenlng the ladies of the
First Presbyterian Church, corner of Van
Ness avenue and Sacramento street, will
hold an entertainment designated "A
Military Evening." General Shafter Is
scheduled to speak, and a number of mili
tary tableaux will be enacted. An excei
lent musical programme has been ar
ranged for the occasion.
The famous old JESSK MOORE WHISKT Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It is pure.
Calvarian Services.
The Calvarian Society held its eloping
meeting yesterday afternoon at St.
Mary's Cathedral with a large audience.
Rev. P. E. Mulligan, secretary to Arch
bishop Kinrrian, delivered the address,
entitled "The Way of the Crops," followed
by impressive religious services. The
benediction concluded the ceremonies.
CANNOT LIVE
WITHOUT LOVE
4* T~"* L.ORENCE KIL.PATRTCK, a you.ig woman, 27 years of age, caused con
'v Ij siderable excitement in the neighborhood of Fourth and Natoma
# \ streets yesterday morning by atttempting to commit suicide in the Mnno
% -*- gram saloon on the corner. A crowd of several hundred people quickly
<$ gathered attracted by the young woman's screams, and remained till the
6 ambulance carried her away to the Receiving Hospital. There she was
'£ treated by Drs. Weil and Rinne and the probability is that she will recover.
V Florence entered the saloon in a hilarious condition. She went to a room
A in the rear and ordered a glass of whisky. After drinking the liquor she
2> lighted a cigarette and smoked it. Then while alone she swallowed a dose of
6 carbolic acid and fell shrieking to the floor.
Her parents live at 119 Silver street, and they werr> notified by the pnll<^.
V Her mother hurried to the hospital and after her arrival the girl became
fy quieter and expressed a desire to live. Her story is a simple one and has
M often been told. Four years agfo she met Martin Glade, a millhand in the
& Del Monte flour mills. He induced her to leave home and since then she has
on more than one occasion quarreled with him and returned home, but again
® listened to the voice of the tempter. About a yoar aero, after one of their
quarrels, she swallowed a dose of morphine with suicidal intent.
A few months ago her mother appealed to Glade to be a man and keep
% away from her if he did not intend to marry her, and he faithfully promised
<|> not to see her again. She went to Oakland to wait upon a sick aunt and re
* mained there for two months. She came to the city Saturday and met Glade
and yesterday morning he told her that he would have nothing more to do
& with her. She was afraid to go home, and in her desperation started in to
& drink, and then determined upon committing suicide. She Is an only daugh
<£ ter and expressed the fear that her two brothers would kill Glade.
ACCIDENTALLY SHOT
HIS FOSTER-SISTER
Joseph Miller Played Highwayman
With a Gun He Thought Not
Loaded.
Kitty Wannenmacher, a Fifteen-Year-Old Girl, Killed by
a Boy Her Parents Had Befriended — The Re=
morseful Youth Charged With Murder.
KITTY WANNBNMACHER, the
15-year-old daughter of Robert
Wannenmaoher, a butcher resid
ing at 405 Frederick street, was
accidentally shot and killed last
evening by Joseph Miller, a 19-yeur-old
boy. who lived with the Wannenmaoher
family. A rifle, that was not supposed
to he loaded, in the hands of a Btage
struek boy was the cause of the path»t-
SHOT DOWN BEFORE HER MOTHER'S EYES.
ic death of the pretty little 15-year-old
girl-
The accident occurred in the kitchen
shortly after the family had finished
the evening meal. Mrs. Wannenmacher
was pitting at one side of the table with
her 9-year-old son Reuben near her.
Opposite her was Kitty with a friend,
Ethel Kempster, seated at her left. Mr.
Wannenmacher was reading a paper in
an adjoining room, and Miller stood
near the table in the kitchen. The
Children wore about to go down into
the basement to read, as was their usu
al custom, and the conversation had
turned to Evans and Sontag. Young
Miller stepped to the door leading to the
basement, and seeing a rifle leaning
against the wall picked it up. and
pointing it at each of the persons in the
room inquired how he would look as a
highwayman. When the gun was point
ed at fithel Kempster she screamed
and said she was afraid it might be
loaded. Mrs. Wannenmacher laughed
at the fear of the child, and told her
that there was no cartridge in the gun,
as Mr. Wannenmacher always emptied
it when he brought it into the house.
Perceiving that Ethel Kempster was
the only one greatly frightened by his
action, Miller continued to point the
gun in her direction. Despite {he as
surance of Mrs. Wannenmacher that
the rifle was harmless without a shell
Ethel sought to hide behind the chair
of Kitty Wannenmacher. Following
her with the gun. Miller pulled the trig
ger and the ball struck Kitty.
The child called to her mother that
she was shot and then lost conscious
ness. Mr. Wannenmacher hearing the
report rushed into the kitchen, and
finding that his daughter was wounded
sent Miller for a physician. Dr. A. P.
Woodward who lives in the neighbor
hood, hastened to the Wannenmachers'
home. He found the girl unconscious
and breathing heavily. She was re
moved to the dining room and placed
on the table, where she died fifteen
minutes after the arrival of the doctor.
Sergeant Harper of the Stanyan
street Police Station was notified of
the occurrence by Miller and imme
diately went to the house. Coroner Hill
was communicated with, and after he
had personally investigated the shoot
ing decided that it was purely acci
dental and allowed the body to remain
at the home of the bereaved parents.
Miller was taken into custody by Ser
geant Harper and was charged with
murder at the Stanyan-street Police
Station. Later he was transferred to
the City Prison. He was full of re
morse on account of the* result of his
foolishly careless handling of the rifle
and ■was inconsolable at the death of
his little playmate and the sorrow his
act had caused Mr. and Mrs. Wannen
marher, \flio had been his benefactors.
The boy was considered by Mr. and
Mrs. Wannenmacher almost as a son.
Four years ago young Miller's father
died and he, being thrown upon the
world, was taken in by the Wannen
machers. He worked about the house,
tended the horses and helped at the
butcher shop. His many good quali
ties, his willingness to- assist in the
work of the household and the grati
tude he showed for the kindness he re
ceived, soon endeared him to the en
tire family. Even last night after the
unfortunate accident the father and
mother of the dead girl had nothing
but kind things to say of the boy who
had caused them their Borrow.
Mr. Wannenmacher blames himself
to a certain extent for the accident on
account of the fact that the gun was
left loaded. The rifle is a 22 caliber
Ballarti with, a magazine which holds
sixteen cartridges. How the single
shell which was in the gun happened to
be there he cannot explain. He says
that a few days ago when he used the
i gun last he, as he supposed, ejected all
: the cartridges and stood it in the kitch
en. One of the shells he believes must
lhave caught in the magazine. The ball
slruok the child in the forehead about
an inch and a half above the left eye.
making a clean, round hole, and lodg
ed in the brain. But little blood flowed
from the wound, but it is the opinion
of Dr. Woodward that the hemorrhage
was internal.
The inquest Dr. Hill has set for 1
o'clock this afternoon, and it will be
held at the house.
liUrline Salt Water Baths.
Buah and Larkln sta. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Salt water direct from ooeaa.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^^
SPECIALS
.«FOR««
THIS WEEK.
ALL NEW GOODS.
44-lnch FRENCH MIXED SUITINGS, In 10 &4 QQ
different shadings ▼ IiVW v
42-inch BLACK ENGLISH MOHAIR CRE- jgQ 00 Yard
PONS, in 15 very handsome designs *P^« UU lara
FANCY TAFFETA SILKS, in Blue and White,
Black and White Checks and Fancy and 7Cp v
Plain Stripes ' °^ Ynrd
32-Jnch FINE PRINTED DIMITIES, latest color- 4OU
ings, New Blues, Lavender, Pinks and Green.. A^2*-' xara
LADIES' SILK MOREEN SKIRTS, in Purples, <£C AA
Old Rose, Cardinal, Green and New Blues ipci.UU Eacn
Double-Faced BLACK SATIN RIBBON (extra qual- OCp v A
ity), 3 inches in width, very high lustre AOKj iara
LADIES' HEMSTITCHED AND INITIALED LINEN
HANDKERCHIEFS, fine sheer linen (all OK/* -,
letters) 6O\j Each
Extra Quality CHILDREN'S AND MISSES' BLACK
HOSE, warranted Fast Black, all sizes from OC/% .
5 to 9y 2 <^OC Pair
LADIES' 2 and 3 CLASP KID GLOVES, in O*A f\f\
White, Black and all the leading shades. q>I«UU Pair
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
S OLD BERg
BDWEN
*co
To those who know
The weathercock turns everyway
the wind blows but the successful
merchant must have a settled pol-
icy He must follow it without
flinching
Our policy is the selling: of the
best groceries we can #Ind Of
course the prices of such goods
must be higher than of imitation
brands but there are enough people
in California who know the differ-
ence
We appeal to those who know
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter— 35c square 30C
Last week's sale a great success
Candles— beeswax 3JC
regularly 45c lb of I—41 — 4 or 6 candies
For the altar and all Easter services
B3iCOn— 2$C
regular price — worth more
Sliced— no waste— in glass jar
Ginger— i^c
regularly 20c lb
Preserved dry-pungent-succulent
Full of vim and snap
Lard— Sea Foam I r^OC
regularly 60c <; lb pail
Pure leaf— rendered for our trade
Whiskey— Scotch and Irish DC L
Highland Club reg'ly $1 bot \ O rr
Killy Croy reg'ly $1 bot J °S*-
Caledonian reg'ly $1 35 $1 IO
Hot Scotch— the drink of the season
- Salmon— Little Commodore lOC
regularly 15c 1 lb tin
Many folks ask for this brand
Sauterne— o b& Co $4
regularly $5 dozen quarts
Such a wine for such a price Isn't sold
many places
ROCk Candy— German 2£C
regularly 35c lb
Make a syrup with the Scotch whiskey
for colds aud coughs
Sardines— Lazeran 2OC 2^C
regularly 25c and 30c tin for is \s
Our — the best French in oil —
boneless
CXaret—^ Zinfandel 35c
regularly 50c gallon
A pure healthful wine
Toilet water— Eau de Cologne J^C
regularly 90c bottle
Crown Perfumery Co — London
Almonds— shelled 30c
reg'ly 35c lb — Californian
CombS— reg'ly 35c 2^C
I A big variety — coarse fine and self-
cleaning
Catalogue free — postal
Wholesale prices on big orders
We ship everywhere
4j2 Pine 215 Sutter 2800 California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
WBeMy CaJLTSI. 00 Der Year
RADKE & CO., 1
118 Sutter Street, M
ARE SHOWING : M
Nickel Watches (Warranted), $2.50 §1
Ladies' Silver Watches - - - $6.00 M
Silver Nethersole Bracelet, s?j
good size 75c
HAIL ORDERS A SPECIAL FEATURE. ||
FATHER'S
EYE GLASS
Should not be worn by . mother or Bister — 11
does harm — ask your oculist about — and re-
member the new clip which doesn't slip or
pinch, tilt or waver, for 50 cents.
Oculists' prescriptions filled.
Factory on premises. Quick repairing.
Phone Main 10.
OPTICIANS i p HOTOG BAP^ |^ | R F^ .
642 Market St. instrument*
SEMI-ANNUAL EXAMINATION OF
TEACHERS.
THE REGULAR SEMI-ANNUAL EXAM-
INATION of applicants for
TEACHERS' CERTIFICATES
(High, Grammar and Primary Grades and
Special Certificates) will commence at th»
Normal School building, Powell St., near Clay,
on Monday, March 27, 1599, at 1:30 o'clock
p. m.
In compliance with the State school law,
each applicant must pay an examination fee
of $2 in advance to Miss P. M. Nolan, sec-
retary of the Board of Examination. Offlc*
central corridor, third floor. City Hail.
R. H. WEBSTER,
Superintendent Common School*.
J. A. SIMPSON, Secretary.
000000000000000000
o's." LACE '»'
%GRAND HOTELS %
!l SAN FRANCISCO. q
° Connected by a covered passageway.
° 1400 Room?— 900 w» h Bath Attached. *J
O All Under One Management. ■ O
O HOTS THE PRICES: 9
0 EupopeanPian.Bl.OO per day and upward O
n, American Plan.*3.(M> per day and upward Q
© Correspondence Solicited. *^
j 0 JOHN 0. KIRKPATRJCK. K»B»ger. *>.
00000000000
iSrfcIERCES
%*& FAVORITE
pSCRIPTJON
JL FOR WEAK WOMEN.
DR.MOTJLTY.
ftTHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
1 Specialist carts Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over.oy re' experience. '
ratlenwcunHim Home. Terms reasonable. Hours*
t0 3 v; 6.30 to 8::» ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oradflreaa
P. KOSU'OE McXUI/TY, M.D.
go;^ Kearny St., San Francisco. CaL