VOLUME LXXXV- NO. 93.
GRAVE DANGER
YET ATTENDS
THE PONTIFF
Leo XIII Refuses to Obey
the Orders of His
Physicians.
He Is Better, but the Heads of the
College of Cardinals Hold
Serious Conference.
•o»^~.N^^«S^.C.Vr'.. •*»-' C.>»_. V.-.V C.^p'C.V*.-.^*. J»*»_. ■—._— *—*--'— ~— ~ __.— -, w- -.^-__
ft g
§ ROME, March 3. — Despite the optimistic reports of gj
§ his physicians, grave doubts are entertained here of the ulti- g
£ mate recovery of the Pope. 8
S '&'•'-- --■■ £
W^bskssksssobs a 52 a .5 a se_-C_<osaKOso?- a?*a?.o?_a?sa*sas.as;a?*aßia!*a»
R3ME. March 3.— a. m.— lat
est news from the Vatican is that
the Pope's temperature at mid
night had fallen several- points.
It appears that his disinclination
to observe the recommendations of his
physicians forms. an obstacle in the way
of prompt recovery. He has full confi
dence in his own strength and does not
readily acquiesce in their advice not to
move.
During the afternoon he Insisted upon
leaving his bed without assistance and
read several telegrams. The rise in his
temperature, which had given some
anxiety, was probably caused in part in
this way.
The doctors exclude everybody from
his apartments except his personal at
tendants. Professor Mazzoni remained
in readiness during the evening to pro
ceed to the Vatican if needed, but up
to 11 o'clock he had not been called,
and at that hour he did not expect to
go until daybreak.
The Pope said during the day: "It Is
a miracle of God that I am still alive;
for He wishes to spare His church a
terrible crisis at the present moment."
At 5 o'clock in the afternoon the doc
tors made a prolonged visit lasting
more than an hour, which caused some
uneasiness, but on leaving they gave
reassuring reports, Professor Mazzoni
saying there was not the least fear
that the pleura, bronchial tubes or
lungs would be affected. The Pope's
nephews also visited him in the course
of the afternoon and left his chamber
.much pleased with his progress.
Despite these optimistic reports,
grave doubts are entertained as to the
issue of the illness. His Holiness, it
seems, displays great interest in the
matter, and has asked the doctors as to
the best way of preserving the cyst,
explaining that he intended, when he
shoul.d have recovered, to dissect it for
. purposes of study.
Cardinal Ledochowski. the Prefect of
the Congregation of the Propaganda,
consulted yesterday with Cardinal
Creglia, Dean of the Sacred College,
Camorlingo of the Holy Roman Church
and Prefect of the Congregation of
Ceremonial and Cardinal Mertel, Vice
Chancellor of the Holy Roman Church
and First Cardinal Deacon, who, in con
junction with Cardinal Ledochowski,
according to the apostolic constitutions,
' assumes the government of the church
in case of the Pope's death. *
When the doctors proposed applying
•the clinical thermometer yesterday his
Holiness said that there was no need
• to do so, as he could himself feel thai
the fever had disappeared, just as he ]
could feel the high temperature prior !
to the operation.
The Pontiff would not allow the
- wound to be sewed up, so the doctors
' had to be content with drawing the
ends together in place.
After the wound had been dressed,
chatting quietly with Dr. Mazzoni, the
Pope smilingly said: "I want you to
cure me without any pain and in two
days."
The surgeon replied In the same
spirit: "Your Holiness must not ex
pect me to perform miracles."
• The Pope for the present will partake
only of liquid nourishment, such as
' soup, raw eggs and watered wine. The
doctors positively deny that, there is
any dysentery or danger of blood poi
soning. ;
Dr. Mazzoni to-day said to a high
personage at the Vatican who asked
for confidential information on the sub
ject that if the Pope recovered, as he
fully expected, there was no reason why
. he should not live for another ten
years, so great is his vitality.
' " 9-30 p. m— The Pope Is very cheerful,
• and In an interested way asked the doc
tors from time to time what they
'thought of his condition. They reas
sured him. There has, however, been a
slight increase in his temperature, to
which the doctors attach some import
ance, although hoping it is only due
the nourishment he has taken. Dr.
""Lapponi remained in attendance at the
Vatican all night. \
CONSOLIDATION OF ALL
SMELTERS AND REFINERS
One of the Most Gigantic Trusts in
the United States Has Been
Arranged. \
PITTSBURG, March Th* Post to
morrow will say: One of the most gigan
tic combinations yet attempted, by com
mercial organizations in the United States
was completeed to-day over the Wires be
tween New York and Pittsburg It is
• a consolidation of all the smelttrs and
> refiners of precious [ metals In the United
Stats. The final move was the purchase
of the works of the Pennsylvania Lead
: Company of Pittsburg and the Pennsyl
vania Smelting Works of Salt Lake City. '
The San Francisco Call.
Utah. The price paid is not made known.
The capitalization of the new combine will
be $46,000,000. Officers will be elected April
10. It is understood that ex -Governor J.
B. Grant of Colorado will be president.
The deal has been under negotiation for
several months. The names of the firms !
in the combination follow: The Omaha
and Grant Smelter Company, with works
at Omaha, Denver and Durango, Colo.;
the Consolidated Smelting and Refining
Company of Kansas City, Mo., with
works at Kansas City, Leadvilie,
Colo., and El Paso, Tex.;- the United
States Smelting and Refining Com
pany of Chicago. with works at j
Chicago. Pueblo. Colo., Helena, Mont., and
Great Falls. Mont.: the Aurora Smelting
and Refining Company, with works at
Aurora, 111.; the Pueblo Smelting and
Refining Company, with works at Pueblo,
Colo.; the Philadelphia Smelting and Re
fining Company, with works at Pueblo, '
Colo.; the Globe Smelting and Refining
Company, with works at Denver, Colo.:
the Germania Smelting and Refining Com*
pany, with works at Salt Lake City; tne
Bimetallic Smelting Company, with works
at Leadvilie, Colo.; the Pennsylvania
Smelting Company, Salt Lake City, Utah, j
and the Pennsylvania Lead Company of j
Pittsburg.
BOLIVIA'S PRESIDENT
IS SORELY PRESSED
LIMA, Peru, March 2.— The position of
President Alonzo in Bolivia appears from
the latest news received here -to be be
coming embarrassing.
Colonel Adams, went south from here
on last Saturday's steamer and it is re
ported that he took with him 5000 rifles
and four pieces of field artillery, intend
ed for the Federalists, the name borne
by the revolutionists, who are sorely
pressing the President of Bolivia,
CAUGHT AFTER TWO YEARS.
LOS ANGELES, March 2.— William Cor
onado, who, on July 4, 1897, stabbed an
other Mexican to death at a celebration
near here, was captured in this city to
day. Coronado escaped after the mur
der and. has never been apprehended un
til the present time. He was taken to
San Fernando to-day and will be ar
raigned before a Justice of the Peace.
The officers had abandoned hope of ever
finding him.
THE ELEPHANT : "THANK GOODNESS, I'M RID OF THAT LOAD."
. ' ..:.... ...-.■■■-■ ■ . ... ' . > ■'-''■' -
SAIST FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1899.
HON. CECIL RHODES
ARDENTLY ADVOCATES
AMERICAN IMPERIALISM
■ ■ *.'--V , ■■.•:•'■ i . . :-;, : ■ •'■ •> iVv.-V.
The Caesar of South Africa Wants the
United States to Follow His Lead.
ALEXANDRIA, Egypt. March 2.—
Cecil Rhodes, who, in the eyes of
most Englishmen, Is the incarna
tion of the imperialistic policy,
holds views concerning the future
of the United States even more far
reaching that most American imperial
ists have broached. Mr. Rhodes, in
conversation with a representative of
the Associated Press on board . the
steamer Hapsburg on the Mediterran
ean, by which he came to Egypt in the
interest of the Cape to Cairo Railroad
and Telegraph line, predicted most con
fidently that within a century the
United States would have advanced the
work begun in the evacuation of Cuba
until it controlled all of . the American
hemisphere except Canada. The sub
stance of the conversation is repro
duced without, absolute verbal ac
curacy.
Mr. Rhodes expressed admiration of
the work already done in Cuba and pre
dicted that it would be carried on in
the Philippines. The United States he
considered' one of the nations best
equipped for colonization and repeated
ly exclaimed:
"You are taking to it like moth
er's milk, apparently with, the great
est delight."
He inquired what were the argu
ments of the opponents of imperialism
in the United States, and commented
that they seemed to be animated by
selfishness.
"It is the duty of civilized nations to
take charge of the barbarians and give
them a white man's government," he
said. "The United States is one of the
great powers and cannot escape this
duty."
He did not believe that the United
States would ever withdraw its
authority from Cuba, and thought the
manner in which Spain had been
evicted from her colonies and the
United States had taken possession
most businesslike. America's action in
compensating Spain for the Philip
pines surprised him.
"I would have bundled the Spaniards
out and made them pay a war
indemnity," was his. comment.
He declared that the United States
could never withdraw from the Phil
ippines because it was their duty to
give these people a strong and good
government, nor did he believe that
when they began to realize the results
of their work there Americans would
desire to abandon the policy. They
might grumble for a time over the ex
pense, hut that would be a "mere flea
bite" to a nation so rich. Why not
i abandon some of the expenses of the
Copyrighted, 1599, by the Associated Press.
pension list, which seems so unreason
ably large, if economy was necessary.
Even if a large navy must be built, the
United States could well afford one. So
far as the fear of provoking foreign en
tanglements and wars went, while Eng
land'and the United States stood to
gether and maintained their present
understanding, which was practically
an alliance, no combination of powers
dare menace them. To govern colonies
the United States must organize a staff
of, colonial officials, hut they would do
that as easily as they wpuld build a
new navy.
To the suggestion of the anti-im
perialists that . the Philippines would
be only the beginning of colonization,
he said:
"There are no more' islands of the sea
to be acquired. They are all taken up.
The territory of the savage races is
practically ail pre-empted by the civil
ized. The ultimate work of the United
States would be to govern South Amer
ica. You will probably begin with
Mexico, acquire the Central American
States, then those on the continent of
South America, until you hold all the
country to the south of you. These
states have incompetent governments —
practically barbarian governments —
and ft will be your duty to give them
the white man's government. Mexico
is well governed, but a nation cannot
depend upon one man and when Diaz
is dead it may be ruled no better than
before his time. Southward is the logi
cal direction of the expension of the
United States.
"The Philippines came to you by ac
cident; these neighboring peoples it will
be logically your duty to provide for."
When Blame's efforts to arrange a
friendly compact between the North
and South American republics were
mentioned Mr. Rhodes called them vis
ionary.
"You will possess all those states by
force of arms, and that within a cen
tury," he said, emphatically.
Asked if Canada would' logically be
included in this expansion, he said
Canada had a good Government and
therefore there was no need lor change.
Summarizing America's policy, he
said:
"You people of the United States
cannot always remain within your
selves. You cannot always go on
making money. You must get out Into
the world and' take up your share of
the world's burdens. Already you are
outgrowing your country, and you will
absorb other countries and you will
give them good government. . Why
should you not? You have it in your
blood. The Philippines will furnish
new -careers for your young men. The
whole work will strengthen you and
broaden your national character. Yes,
already you are taking to it like
mother's milk."
RED MARROW FROM
BONES OF THE DEAD
With That One of Koch's Pupils Will
Vanquish Dread- Pneu
monia.
NEW YORK, March 2.— A special
cable to the World from Berlin says:
Professor Wasserman, one of Professor
Koch's ablest pupils, is believed to have
discovered a new serum for the cure of
pneumonia. He inoculated, rabbits
with the bacillus which is generally be
lieved to cause pneumonia, and with
the serum thus gained he inoculated
mice suffering from pneumonia. A
subsequent series of experiments
showed it was in the red marrow of the
bones that antitoxin is produced, and
that red marrow taken from a human
corpse after death from pneumonia and
used as a serum will cure mice in
fected with that disease. Accordingly
it is hoped, that this serum will have
the same satisfactory results in human
beings. "
CHEAP FARES ON
THE ATLANTIC LINERS
Rates as Low on the German Lloyd
Boats as the Law
Allows.
LONDON, March The Daily Mall an
nounces that the North German Lloyd
has reduced the transatlantic passage
rate to £10 sterling even for express
steamers, which is the lowest rate the law
allows for passengers treated as saloon
passengers. If less were paid the passen
ger would be subjected to medical inspec
tion and would not be allowed to buy
spirits and the like.
NEW YORK, March 2.— The Cunard
steamship line to-day announced a cut in
cabin rates, thus meeting- the action of
the White Star and American lines.'
Hereafter the minimum rate on the Cam
pania and Lucania will be T"0 in the sum
mer and $75 for the winter season. For
the steamships Umbria and Etruria the
minimum rates will be $75 summer and $60
winter."' ;>.-'-
THE REINA MERCEDES
AT LAST RAISED
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, March 2.— After
a long delay the former Spanish cruiser
Reina Mercedes, which was sunk in San
tiago harbor during the bombardment by
the American fleet on June 6, has been
raised and pumped out, the Government
tugs assisting the wrecking company. She
was brought up to the city this afternoon.
Such repairs as can be readily effected
will be made here, after which she will
probably be towed to Havana, though
final orders as to her movements have
not yet been received.
i
EITHER BURNS OR
NO ONE, IS THE
GANG'S ULTIMATUM
The Mexican Holds a Caucus of
His Individual Followers.
RULE OR RUIN POLICY OUTLINED
Wreck of the Party and Injury of the State Agreed
Upon as the Punishment That Must Follow
If the Candelarian 'Is Not Chosen.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, March 2.— a
speech made to his supporters to-day Dan Burns made the
following- statement:
"In spite of the charges that have been made
against me— every possible charge that the press
could invent— l defy any man to bring up one
charge against me of any wrongdoing."
The Grand Jury of Sacramento County returned twelve in
dictments against Burns for the fraudulent application of State
funds in his charge during the time he was Secretary of State. He
was arrested and imprisoned. In the course of the trial, in which
Burns' only defense was an attempt to fasten the crimes of which
he was accused on a deputy who had been selected by him for hi*
proficiency in political and other roguery, Burns admitted that he
had deliberately falsified the books of his office to cover up the
shortage in his accounts. Here is his admission, made under oath:
"I took the memorandum cash book and
changed these figures or amounts. I did not
change the figures, but where there would be
$13 25 I marked $9 75, and I took this cash book
back to him (Deputy Gale) after the Bth day of De
cember some time— it must have been three or
four days afterward."
This is one of the charges that have been made against
Burns. If it is not wrong to falsify the books. of a public office
for the purpose of concealing a shortage in the. public funds, then
Dan Burns, the Southern Pacific Company's candidate for United
States Senator, has done no wrong.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAC
RAMENTO, March 2.— The Burns
men in the Legislature held a
caucus to-day and listened to an
address from . their chief.
It was a notable occasion. for many
reasons. It was the first outward and
visible evidence that Burns has shown
that he realizes his own weakness as a
candidte; it established the Candelaria
candidate's reputation as an orator,
and it was the formal declaration that
Burns serves on the Legislature that
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
he will force the Republican members
into a caucus or he will prevent the
election of a United States Senator. In
the presence of his supporters he an
nounced ; that he was in the fight to stay
until a Republican caucus should select
some other candidate. His supporters
then formally pledged themselves to
vote for him until a Republican caucus
shall select another man.
To put It in plain terms Burns and
his supporters took a solemn pledge
that they would prevent the election of
a United States Senator unless the Re
publican members of the Legislature
agreed to go into a caucus. In other
words Burns and his men have de
clared that unless their orders are car
ried out they will wreck the Republican
party and rob the State of California of
a representative in the upper house of
Congress.
Here is Burns' declaration:
"Now, I am in this fight and I shall
stay until the majority of the Repub
licans in caucus shall select some other
candidate."
Here is the pledge taken by all of the
twenty-seven legislators who are now
voting for Burns for Senator:
"Resolved, That "we pledge ourselves
to vote for Colonel D. M. Burns for
United States Senator to succeed Hon.
Stephen M. White until by a majority
vote of a caucus of the Republican
members a Senator shall be nom
inated."
Heretofore Burns has ruled his sup
porters with the iron hand of a master
and they have obeyed every order with
the blind faith of slaves. But recently
there have been murmurs of discontent
and threats of insurrection, and realiz
ing the danger impending Burns was
forced to call his men together for the
first time since the beginning of the
session and make known his wishes by
word of mouth instead of through the
medium of his lieutenants. It was an
evidence of weakness en the part of
Burns, but it had to be done in order
to enable him to stem the growing tide
of discontent and make it possible for
him to carry out his threat to prevent
the election of a Senator in case the
Legislature refused to elect him.
The caucus was held immediately af
ter the adjournment of the joint As
sembly at 12:30 o'clock. It was called
hurriedly and apparently because of a
fear that there would be a break from :
the Burns column, for word was sent
in to Assemblyman Dibble, and he in
turn made a personal appeal to the
Grant and Barnes leaders on the floor
not to force a second ballot. Word
was then circulated among the Burns
followers to meet their chief in caucus
in the Supreme Court room immediate
ly after adjournment. Word was also
sent to Major Frank McLaughlin, who
was downtown, to come to the Capitol
immediately and attend the caucus.
Twenty-seven legislators. Burns' full
voting strength, assembled at the
designated place in response to the
summons. •■ ■
Short addresses were made by As
semblymen Johnson, Dibble and Cobb,
and Senators Shortridge, Wolfe and
Simpson." and Major McLaughlin, in
which all lauded the lovely character
and high purpose of their chief. They
urged all of his supporters to stand
firm and turn a deaf ear to the lyiner
attacks of the newspapers, for by do
i ing so they would be performing a2
BURNS' POLICY OF
DECEIT CONTINUED
IN HIS OWN CAMP
Wants to Be Elected as a Vindica
tion Before the Public.
FALSE CLAIMS TO HIS FOLLOWERS
His Record Was Not Shown Up Until After His Candi=
dacy Was Announced by the Representatives
oi the Southern Pacific.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March _.— Burns is busy
rallying his own men. He ex
hibited to-day the first outward
evidence of weakening. He cabled
his supporters together in caucus for
the first time and sought to cheer them
and obtain pledges of further support;
At the beginning of the joint session
, to-day Assemblyman Dibble went to
Senators Morehouse and Bulla with a
request that only one ballot should be
'taken. Dibble said: "1 ask it as a per
sonal favor that you do not hold us up
for more than one ballot to-day. I
know that you can do it if you try."
After the ballot was announced Dib
ble made a motion to adjourn, and no
resistance was offered by the Bijlnes
and Grant forces. Immediately after
the adjournment Burns summoned his
men to meet in the Supreme Court
room, and there he and Major Mc-
Laughlin addressed them. Burns made
one of his characteristic speeches, in
which the people and the party were
ignored, and his own personal feeling
Introduced as the chief consideration of
the hour. He spoke of the attacks of
the press, remarking that his self-re
spect and manhood required him to re
main in' the contest until a caucus de
clared that he was not the choice of
the party. He seemed to be utterly un
conscious of the great truth that the
people of California in general and the
voters of the Republican party in par
ticular have a deep and earnest'con
cern in the Senatorial contest. The fact
that California ought to have a Senator
to succeed Mr. White seemed to cut no
figure in the calculations of D. M.
Burns. He thought only of himself and
his desire for vindication.
He talked of a caucus, when knowl
edge'of party custom should teach him
that he has no right to submit his name
to a party caucus, and a caucus, should
one be called, would have no right to
consider his peculiar claims. According
to his own statements made to his fol
lowers he did not enter the contest in
good faith to serve the people, but en
tered the race to punish the press and
get even on his enemies. Had the an
nouncement been made by himself, be
fore, the members of the Legislature
were voted for by the people, that he
would be a candidate for United States
Senator he might with some degree of
fairness now ask that his name be sub
mitted with those of other candidates
for caucus consideration. But his' as
pirations for the office of Senator were
not disclosed until after the election.
In fact his motives in this respect were
hidden from the people. If the people
had believed that the Republican Leg
islature would commit the political folly
of seriously voting for him for Senator
the Republican ticket headed by Henry
T. Gage for Governor, down to the last
man on the legislative ticket, would
have been beaten out of sight. And
Burns has the effrontry to demand a
caucus of the people's* representatives
after he had concealed from the people
the fact that he designed to become a
candidate. ".'•';_ :': '-
Burns to-day has made his one speech
of the Senatorial campaign, and when
the people of California read and con
sider it they will comprehend that there
is nothing in his claims for the Sena
torship beyond a selfish desire to get
even with his assailants. It is not the
time in the history of this State and
this nation to send a man to the United
States Senate solely because that man
has enemies to punish and friends to
reward. Burns' own admissions testify
to the low plane on which his canvass
is conducted. He is now shaking his
fist at the people of California and say
ing, "A caucus must be held to con
sider my claims or no Senator shall
he elected by this Legislature." ,
The Burns steering committee ap
pointed by the cc-lonel's caucus to-day
Intends to address a manifesto to the
people of the State of California, It is
to be hoped that every man in the Leg
islature voting for Burns will sign the
document.' The members of the com
mittee* are Grove L. Johnson; Henry C.
Dibble and Senator Frank Leavitt. As
semblyman Kenneally, who votes for
Burns in such a loud tone of voice, was
not placed on the committee. v~~/-p
high moral duty. The room was full
of noble sentiments and hieh ideals,
and the fog of unsullied principle was
so thick that it was with difficulty that
such members as Wright, Simpson and
Jilson could be identified.
After the resolution above quoted had
been adopted Burns named Johnson.
Dibble and Senator Leavitt as mem
bers-of an .executive or steering com
mittee, the' duty of which ' shall- be to
spread the Burns gospel among the
members of the Legislature, -promul
gate the proposition of a caucus and
prepare an address to the people of the
State.' This address will set forth the
reasons why Burns should be consid
ered the greatest of living Americans:
why it is that all of the misdeeds that
have been charged against him are un
true and should be considered as pine
dreams; why he would adorn the
United States Senate and lend bril
liancy to the assemblage where such
men as Webster, Clay. Calhoun. Ben
ton and Blame have j sat, and why
every one else Is wrong and he is
right. •;.../.,.
At the conclusion of these interesting
details of the meeting Burns delivered
his maiden address. It was as follows:
"Gentlemen: As you all know, I was'
not in the first place a candidate for
Senator. I d*d not go into this fight un
til forced to by repeated' and .vilifying
attacks by the press. It was never my
Intention to become a candidate until
assaulted from all sides by newspapers
which, while vilifying me. insisted still
that I enter the Senatorial race.
"Now I am in this fight, and I shall
stay until a majority ; of the Republi
-ans in caucus shall select some other
.andldate. To, me it Is an honor to
aspire •to "such a" position, the -highest,
The battle for the people has been
won so far as the danger of Burns' elec
tion is concerned, but it is by no means
settled that a Senator will be chosen.
"Burns or nobody" is the cry of the
touts and they fling the challenge de
fiantly in the face of the Republican
party. There may be a union of the
forces of Barnes, Grant and Scott in
behalf of the people of the State, but
the Grant, men believe that duty re
quires them to ' present an unbroken
front in order to defeat any tricky
scheme of the Burns men.
Senator Currier, who has been laid up
with sickness at his home near Los
Angeles for the last two weeks, will
probably return to his post of duty
early next week. It Is regarded as cer
tain that he will cast his vote for Gen
eral Barnes, as he was one of Senator
Bulla's gallant supporters. Mr. Bulla
is in receipt of many telegrams from
Southern California commending his
course in casting the weight of his in
fluence in favor of General Barnes. It
is presumed -that Senator Currier is
well advised as to the sentiments of the
people of the southern part of the State
in reference .to the struggle now in
progress.
Assemblyman La Baree, who voted for
Bulla, has not been seen around the
Capitol or about any of the hotels since
yesterday forenoon. There have been
many inquiries regarding his where
abouts. --''^ ,'. ■
Burns began his Senatorial campaign
by deceiving the people, and is now
trying to deceive his supporters. He
did not tell them the truth to-day when
he submitted that he became a candi
date because the newspapers assailed
him. He was not assailed until he was
announced by Herrin as the railroad's
candidate. He is not able to compre- ;
hend that the Senatorshlp should be !
placed on a higher plane than mere per
sonal controversy.
"What right has Colonel Burns to de
mand that California shall not have
adequate representation in the con
gress of the United States until he is
vindicated? with equal rights. Wright.
Simpson and Jilson might apply to the
Legislature for high official honor as a
measure of vindication. What Burns
is pleased to speak of as vilification
consists in the publication of his own
official record. He made the record for
himself and should stand by it or fall
by it. If he desires to be vindicated
why does he not pay into the State
treasury the sum of 531,000 belonging to
the State, which was stolen from his
office while he was Secretary of State?
Men had better repent and make resti
tution before demanding vindication.
The course of D. M. Burns in this
Senatorial contest and the defiant
threat of his henchmen that this State
shall not be represented in Congress
until he is vindicated are calculated to
arouse the people irrespective of party
to a sense of responsibility in the
premises.
In his talk before his followers to
day Burns did not advance- any claims
for promotion to the high office of
United States Senator as a reward for
meritorious service rendered by him
self to the State or to the Republican
party. He could not put forth such
a claim. For all that he ever did for
the cause of Republicanism the party
has given him rewards and emolu
ments far beyond his desert. It made
him Secretary of State and it made
him Police Commissioner of San Fran
cisco. After such reward he bolted
the party nominations in San Fran
cisco and joined the non-partisan
movement with his Tocaloma Club
and defeated Republican candidates
for the Legislature. His bolting course
gave the Legislature to the Democrats
six years ago and gave that party a
Senator when the Republican party was
fairly and honestly entitled to the re
i ward. Again Burns is ready to defeat
the will of the Republicans of Cali
fornia by placing obstacles in the way
of the election of any Senator.
Pay of the members of the Legisla
i ture ended to-day, and the "Medicine
I men" are beginning to be apprehensive
of future rewards. It is expected by
the touts that the number of. votes re
quired for a choice of Senator will
diminish daily until the Legislature
adjourns. The Grant, Barnes and
Scott men are fully apprised of • the
expectation and will hold their forces
to the finish.
almost, in the gift of the people. It
would be greater honor still should the
people send me to fill It. '
"In spite of the charges that have
been made against me, every possible
charge that the press could invent, I.
defy any man to bring up one charge
against me of any wrongdoing. As no
one knows better than yourselves, my
course since I entered this fight has
been an honorable one. I have made
no secret of my operations, but have
invited the light of day into everything
that I have gone into.,
"Although words are not necessary
from me I want to thank you all again
for the steadfastness with- which you
! have stayed by me and supported me
|in my fight against great odds. I hear
tily indorse the agreement which you
have come to here to-day regarding
caucus and your future conduct, and
I wish to repeat that I am not only
willing but anxious to go into caucus
in the good old Republican way, and
by the decision of such caucus it will
be my pleasure to abide. I thank you
again." " '/-; \s* .''-">-';'■;■.;
Assemblyman Kenneally was so.
electrified by Burns' eloquence that he
i frequently interrupted the colonel by
1 shouting "Good boy, Dan; you're ail
j right."
When he stated that he had been
! forced to become a candidate for Sen
ator by the attacks of the press Burns
! forgot to state that the first intimation
| the newspapers ■ had of his candidacy
was when W. F. Herrln made the an
! nouncement last November that Burns
j was the Southern Pacific Company's
: candidate for . United States Senator.
This was clearly an oversight on the
i part of the colonel. ."/.-. -.'... -.--. *
i Johnson .acted as chairman of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1899.
caucus and Wolfe was selceted to act,
as secretary. The caucus adjourned
without date. . - * ■.-■ .-..'';•; ; -
FRAGRANT COYOTE
BILL HAS PASSED
THE SENATE
A Scathing Analysis of the
Measure by One Familiar
With Its Provisions,
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 2.— The coyote scalp j
bill of fragrant memory has passed the
Senate and is now ready to be called
up in. the Assembly. It carries an ap
propriation of $257,615, and also con
tains provisions which, it is claimed,
gives the speculators and syndicates (
holding bounty certificates a decided j
advantage over the individual claim
ants. It is acknowledged that there
| are some just and honest claims mixed
in with bunches of fraudulent certifi
cates.
The Call has received the following
opinion of the pending measure from
one who has studied its provisions:
It robs the State. ' „ ' .
It furnishes no relief to small claim
ants.
It enriches the speculators who have ac
cumulated blocks of fraudulent <.ia.....7,
and in whose interests substitute for ben
ate bill 227 has been cunningly drawn.
It would overwhelm the Attorney Gen- j
eral with a multiplicity of actions which j
he could never find time to defend; or if
he had the time it would involve enor- I
mous expense and create a corresponding
deficiency and be abortive as to any re- :
sults beneficial to the State or to those
deserving the benefits of legislation.
In short, the State would be at the
mercy of "holders" and honest owners
would be given no remedy.
A volume might be written upon the I
iniquities apparent upon the face of toe j
substitute, which in some inscrutable
way has passed the Senate. - .■: -'» >■;
But as there is no time to read volumes
on this subject, what is here presented
may be fittingly entitled "An invitation
to thought and examination."
First, after the facts and conditions j
calling for legislation upon this subject:
From Kern, San Luis Obispo, Modoc, Las
sen and perhaps one or two of the other
counties, claims have been presented in
greater numbers than there are inhabi
tants and sheep sought to be protected
by the coyote bounty act of 1891. The to
tal of scalps claimed to have been taken ;
in the State is 57,523, which number is
found by dividing the sum for which ,
claims have been presented to the State |
Board of Examiners, namely, $287,615, by i
five ($5 being the bounty on each scalp I
under the said act of 1891). ;..■..'
Over two-thirds of the certificates is- I
sued by the County Clerks under the said
: act are in about half a dozen hands, in
cluding banks and San Francisco law |
firms. The balance are scattered through- j
out half the counties of the State. • Tnat .
the larger proportion of these "demands"
are base frauds is an admitted fact.
But the fraudulent claims are in strong I
hands, while the owners of honest claims
are in the hands of the original claim
ants, who rejected the picayune sums of
fered by the sharks and junk dealers;
and they still hold them. The latter, have
no remedy under the Senate substitute.
Now, suppose the Senate substitute
passes and is approved and a Bakers
field bank or a San Francisco law firm
files suit on a $50,000 block of County
Clerks' certificates. A trial comes on.
The Attorney General comes Into court
"to defend such suits," as provided in
section 2 of the substitute, "the holder"
offers in evidence this massive wad Of
Clerks' certificates, which, being the very
evidence prescribed bylaw, the court must
admit it, and that makes a prima facie
case against the State; and the Attorney
General is helpless. When and how is
he to obtain any competent evidence to ;
rebut or refute the case thus made? Let
there be remembered that there is at least |
$200,000 of claims so held. -■■■■-;>. .-..-
I And the next thought is as to the effect \
! upon State finances. The substitute makes
an immediate appropriation, and provides !
(section 5) as follows: "Upon presentation j
of a certified copy of such Judgment to
the State Controller the Controller shall |
draw his warrant upon the appropriation |
provided for the purpose for one-half the j
amount of such judgment payable out of
such fund for the then current fiscal year;
and thereafter, during the next ensuing
fiscal year the Controller shall In like man
ner draw his warrant for the remaining
half of such judgment, payable out of
such fund for such ensuing fiscal year."
Now, this Senate substitute, if passed
and approved, will take effect and become
a law of the State before the Ist of April.
The holders of great blocks of these certi
ficates will, in spite of anything the At
torney General can do to prevent it, ob
tain judgment and present a certified copy
thereof to the Controller during the pres
ent fiscal year, which ends on the 30th
day of June, 1899, and take out one hun
dred thousand dollars. Then on the 2d
day of July, 1899, they may demand and
collect the balance of their said Judg
ments. So under the substitute they can
within three months deplete the State
treasury to the tune of about two hun
dred thousand dollars. But not so with
the small holders, who cannot prenare for
trial in so short a time, even if they could
bear the expense, and they must sell at
whatever price the monopoly offers. In
this connection comes the suggestion in
defense of the substitute that they may
assign their demands to one another with
out litigation in their own names. Can
there be any doubt as to the class of per
sons who would busy themselves in pro
curing assignments for these purposes and
at what sacrifices to the small owners?
The substitute provides no actual notice
to any one of his right to sue the State,
nor any safeguards against an unauthor
ized appearance for claimants who have
died, removed or disappeared during the
last eight years, or against claims held in
wholly fictitious names; nor does it provide
any fund to the Attorney General for ob
taining evidence and procuring the at
tendance of witnesses for the State; nor
does it enable him to make any defense
whatever. He will be utterly powerless
in the premises; and those who are "hold
ers" of the thousands of alleged claimants
who in fact have never existed will have
it all their own way. The substitute pro
vides that the ordinary rules of practice
shall apply to such : suits against the
State, "except as herein otherwise pro
vided, with the right of appeal to either
party." The only exception therein mili
tates strongly against the small owner,
and Is in effect that he shall employ his
own attorney and pay a large bill of costs
and expenses. He would have to have
depositions taken or be compelled to. at
tend court with his witnesses time and
again in Sacramento.' Of course, the ob
stacles to obtaining any of the benefits
of , the substitute by any such persons
would be insurmountable. In short, they
are by the substitute, as it was intended
that they should be. left to the mercy of
those who have already combined and
laid their plans to acquire the balance of
the claims at their own price. ■'•'?-•,;;*
SENATE ROUTINE OF
MONOTONOUS ORDER
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March The report of the
conference committee appointed to con
sider the Assembly amendment tacked on
to Senator Curtin's bill .raising the sal-*
ary of the. Superior Judges of Tuolumne
County was laid before the Senate to
day, but received no favor. . The amend
ment was -one twice beaten in the Sen
ate when the bill was sunder, considera
tion. It added the Superior Judges of San
Francisco to those of Tuolumne and
raised them .to $5000 a year. . The. confer
ence committee recommended that this
amendment be adopted, but the' report
was voted down and amendment was
refused. ■ . '•" > ■;- —
A message from the Governor, reported
his veto of Seriate bills 82 and 118, and his
approval of Senate bill 211. Senate bill 82,
Introduced by -Senator Smith, provided for
an appropriation of $7500 for the furnish
ing of the office of the State Treasurer.
The Governor considered the sum too
large, the necessity, for the appropriation
too small, and besides it was made pay
able from the funds of this year instead
from those of next year.
Senate bill 118. introduced by Dickinson,
appropriated $5000 to pay the claim of -
Lawrence Dunnigan -for injuries received
while in the service of the State. Dunni
gan was injured In the strike in Sacra
mento in 1894. In his message the Gov- j
ONE BALLOT.
NO CHANGE
• CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAC
RAMENTO, March 2.— The gallery
and the deep tier of "green plush
seats in the back of the Assem
bly were crowded at noon to-day
for the first time for thirty-eight
or forty ballots.
The landslide to' General Barnes
yesterday revived interest in the
Senatorial fight and this morning
rumors of all sorts of exciting
things to happen were afloat and
gathered a crowd. Sacramento
society was' largely in evidence
and everywhere the crowd .was
picked out by bits of gay milli
nery. .
The throng was disappointed,
however. There was absolutely
no change, save that Speaker An
derson and Assemblyman Muenter
of San Joaquin returned and add
ed two votes to the total for
Barnes. La Baree is still away,
but will have a vote or Barnes
when he returns.
The one ballot resulted as fol
lows:
BARNES I"'.' 22
ESTEE ....? 1
BURNS 24
GRANT 25
SCOTT 5
DE VRIES (D.) 1
ROSENFELD (D.) i.l
WHITE (D.) 25
PHELAN (D.) 3
ernor sets forth the truism that Duhni
gan either has a claim against the State
or he has not. so he vetoed the bill and
gives Dunnigan permission to sue the
State for the amount.
Senate bill 211, which found such exec
utive favor, provided for the payment of
the $1200 claim of Thomas Hatch for ser
vices rendered during the Midwinter
Fair.
Under a vote to reconsider Johnson's
Assembly bill 651, to appoint an agent to
collect certain war claims of the State
upon the Federal Government and due
since the Rebellion, the measure was
passed by as good a majority as the one
which beat it two days ago. There was
some objection to pay the 10 percent com
mission which the bill provided, for it was
considered a good business proposition,
particularly as the claims have been
hanging uncollected for the past thirty
years, and the commission is not to be
paid until the' money Is collected.
Shortridge's übiquitous horseshoe bill
came up for reconsideration of the vote
by which it was defeated, and just
scratched past its opponents. Fearing
that his pet measure would meet another
defeat, Shortridge moved to postpone fur
ther consideration until to-morrow, and
this was done, so his bill" is still on the
Senate file. . - .
Johnson's Assembly bill 5, providing for
the payment of fines to societies for the
prevention of cruelty to animals, -was
passed as finally amended. As originally
drawn, the bill provided for the payment
of fines for offenses against humane laws
to the society causing the arrest. This
was amended to make all such fines pay
able to the school funds of the county,
and then it was amended again to bring
it back to the present form of the law,
which directs all such fines to be paid to
the society first formed in the county.
Rickard's Assembly bill 375 was passed.
The measure requires Election Commis
sioners to convene immediately after an
election and spend at least six hours a day
upon the count until it has been complet
ed This is to prevent the long-drawn-out
counts which Invariably prevent those
elected for the short terms from taking
office. '....__
Valentine's Assembly .hill 62, providing
for an appropriation to make a State ex
hibit in the Paris Exposition was amend
ed and passed to third reading. The
amendment raised the appropriation from
$120,000 to $150,000, and made $25,000 of this
payable at once. • r; •' '■ ■"'*_ •■'••■
: Assembly bill 182. introduced by Mack,
allowing unincorporated towns and vil
lages'to equip and maintain -fire depart
ments and to collect taxes for that pur
pose, was finally passed. ' .
SPECIAL FILES OCCUPIED
TIME OF THE ASSEMBLY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 2.— Work on /he third
reading and "ways and means special files
occupied the attention of the Assembly
to-day at both the day and evening ses
sions.
The following bills were passed:
Senate bill 165, by Dickinson, an act to
pay the claim of William M. " Sullivan
against the State of California and mak
ing an appropriation therefor.
Senate bill 229, by Prisk— act to pro
vide for the disposal of money raised by
cities or toWns for public improvement
after the same has been completed and
paid for. -.„"-*- '^~
Assembly bill 525, by Crowder— An act
making an appropriation to pay the claim
of A. L. Wood for $300, being a reward
offered for the arrest and conviction |of
Francisco Torres. - - •■•■.'.'
Assembly bill 594, by Burnett— An act
to appropriate the sum of $25,000 to pay
the claim of Claus Spreckels for money
due and owing to said Claus Spreckels
from the State of California.
Assembly bill 755— An act authorizing
and directing the State Board of Health
to conduct examinations relative to the
purity of foods, drinks and drugs, to en
force laws relating thereto and making
an appropriation to pay the expenses of
such examinations. "
Assembly bill 428, by Belshaw— An act
to provide for the payment of the bounty
due Joseph Schwindel under an act en
titled "An act granting bounties to the
volunteers of this State enlisted in the
service of the United States, for issuing
bonds to provide funds for the payment
of the same, and to leVy a tax to pay
such bonds, approved April 4, 1864, and
making an • appropriation therefor.
Assembly bill 252, by Conrey— An act to
pay the claim of E. M. Strout for services
rendered as reclamation fund commis
sioner from June 1, 1873, to April 1, 1874,
amounting to $2000. approved by the State
Board of Examiners, and appropriating
money to pay the same. ■-■: *'■-'.:
Governor Gage announced, per Mr. Fo
ley, that he had approved Dibble's bill
prohibiting the desecration of the -Ameri
can flag. > • ',-*/.
_ *
THE GOVERNOR'S
VETO OVERRULED
BY SENTIMENT
Assembly Adopts the Poppy as
the State Flower Despite
Executive Objection.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO,' March 2.— Sentiment dwelt for a
time in the Assembly chamber this morn
ing; a golden, poppy-colored emotion, that
made men for a time forget their politics
and the sordid things that men go in for
here "in this Legislature and put their
hearts and their votes into a delicate
tribute to the memory of the only daugh
ter of one of their fellow members.
It was the selection of a State flower
that drove out politics and clarified the
usual sodden atmosphere. For years there
has been a ; desire to select some native
blown blossom that would best, typify the
past, the present and the hidden future of
the State, and when • this session was
younger, and cleaner Assemblyman Bliss
of Oakland offered a bill adopting the
"golden poppy" as the floral symbol of
the commonwealth.
Though he did not say so when the
measure was introduced; it was neither
more nor less than a memorial to his only
child, his daughter.
The too few years of her life she .had
spent in the wondrous garden that nature
has given' California, learning by heart
the stories and the mysteries of the blos
som.. She told them- again to the little
children of - the schools, and everywhere
she preached the "gospel of the gardens:
and Of all the multitude of posies that
?rew in them the "golden poppy" was her
avorite. To her it embodied the gold of
the hills and the gold of the sunsets, and
bore mute promise of the future. It. was
the State's natural symbol and she prayed
that the State adopt it for Its own. But
one day when the suns of sutnmer had
burned the poppies from the hills she toft
lowed them, and left only her father to
greet them when the next year came, and
urge their cause to a commonwealth not
builded on sentiment.
A glimmer of it all went through this
Legislature when Mr. Bliss offered the
bill. It. went through to the Governor with
no, question and no dissent; but there it
found neither sentiment nor a conception
of anything less gross than cold legisla
tion. Mr, Gage vetoed it and so informed
the Assembly.
' To-day his veto came up on the files,
and Grove L. Johnson told his colleagues
just why the bill was drafted.
Said he: "This is purely a matter of
sentiment. It Is neither a thing this State
needs nor a thing it needs not. It is sim
ply something it wants— a beautiful con
ception. It is more; it is a memorial of
fered by our loved brother. Mr. Bliss of
Alameda, to his only daughter, who died
loving the poppy, and its fairest champion.
She wanted this State to adopt the flower
and she never tired of urging it, and you
of us who have daughters will know what
this bill means and see that it shall be
come a law." -•** .
Assemblymen Caminetti Of Amador and
Meade of Los Angeles followed Mr: John
son, and when the veto came up to a vote
it got nearly enough against it to nullify
it. notwithstanding there were scarce af
many in the -House as were needed. But
the absentees were called, and as the
tardy ones began to arrive and when they
had been retold the story they -stood up
and voted for the flower. The Democrats
threw off political courtesy, and when th_
last count of the vote was announced
there were more than enough to over
rule the Governor's objection and send
the measure to the Senate.
Notice Of the Assembly's action was at
once sent to the Senate, and later Senator
Shortridge called it up; but politics
played a stronger hand than sentiment
In the upper house, and the Governor's
•veto was sustained there by a vote of 33
to 2.
SENATE SAYS NO
TAXES FOR STANFORD
UNIVERSITY
. CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- j
MENTO, March- The constitutional
amendment allowing the Legislature to
exempt property of Stanford University
from taxation passed the Senate to-day,
but not without opposition or criticism.
The amendment originated in the As
sembly, and when It came to the -Senate
Morehouse and Shortridge, the two Sena
tors from Santa Clara County, stood \
ready to support it. The recommendation j
of the Committee on Judiciary, to which j
it was referred, was that the amendment |
"do not pass," but that did, not prevent j
Senator Shortridge from rising when the j
measure was reached on the file and ask
ing that it pass the Senate.
Shortridge, Morehouse and Simpson !
were all in favor of the amendment, and j
they said so to the extent of half an hour.
It was a public school, practically, was
the burden of their argument, an institu- j
tion formed for the public welfare and not '
for profit, and there was danger that un- J
less aid were granted it in the way of re
lease from taxation the welfare of the
institution would be seriously endangered
for lack of funds. It has now an Income '
of $180,000 a year, and one-fourth of this ',
is needed for taxes. The faculty costs I
$165,000, and it was remarked that be
tween the faculty and the tax there was
a deficit for ea^h year, without including
general expenses. •..-. r-^-; :v *■ : .
Senator Gillette opposed the amend
ment, both because of the provision al
lowing the exemption of property and be
cause of that clause which allows the
Legislature to confer, by special act, cor
porate powers upon the trustees of the
Institution. This privilege, he said, was
one which is allowed no other institution
in the State, and is directly opposed to
the principle asserted in the constitution
that ho special acts shall be passed by the
Legislature. -
• Referring to the lack of funds, Senator
Gillette placed the hottest . shot that
struck the amendment. He said he had
heard that at one time there was $12,000,
--000 in taxable securities belonging to : the
Stanford estate in New York, and that it
had been moved from there and Is now
somewhere in the country producing no
revenue and taxable in this State if -the
securities could only be located. He sug
gested that two or three millions of
these securities be made to produce
some revenue and help the. university in
that way. . :. .;. ■ ' : ■ : *-fi : :,'•-• "i '■■■
Continuing, Senator Gillette said there
Were over 85,000 acres of land in Califor
nia belonging to the university that could
not be settled upon nor sold, and was
practically closed to the people, and he
did not think it should be exempted from
taxation. ■ _ -, ,
Senator Smith did not believe in aiding
the Stanford University so long as the
State institution was so badly in aid of
__.ss.-*»t ni-Co.
Senator Rowell said the question was
the entering wedge for the exemption of
all property of benevolent or educational
institutions, and he believed it was a
dangerous experiment. He believed itwas
bad policy to allow any institution to in
vest its funds in taxable property and
then exempt the property from taxation.
Stratton, Curtin and Boyce spoke in fa
vor of the amendment, if, only to allow
the people of the State to vote upon it.
The roll was called, and the amendment
was adopted by a vote of 29 to 7, Rowell,
Gillette, Smith, La Rue, Jones Luchsin
ger and Trout voting no
Senator Gillette's words caused all
•kinds of a time among the supporters of
the measure, and there -were a great
many who were in the lobby when the
Senator from Humboldt made his sensa
tional charge. There were explanations
made by every one, and none explained
more loudly nor longer than the luckless
Crothers. who was credited with the or
iginal statement. .- _ ;? ' ; ,_ ■
He explained that what he had said to
Senator Rowell was not that Mrs. Stan
ford had hidden away all these securi
ties but that they belonged to another
estate, the name of which he did not
care to mention. But he insisted that
the securities were not of the Stanford
f 3 L__ _0 ;V **'■»*-? '
: President Jordan also. took time just be
fore the train left for the city to declare
that the statement that Mrs. Stanford
had any securities hiuden away from the
Tax Collector, as made on the floor of
the Senate, was an absolute falsehood.
What Crothers declared he did say to
Senator Rowell was this: He represented
that the Stanford estate was invested in
poorly paying securities and in poorly
paying land, and- that if her (Securities
were taxed .there would be nothing left
as an income from them to do the uni
versity any good. Her securities were
held outside this State, he said, and she
could not bring them here because they
would then come under this tax that
would rob them of so much of their pos
sibilities as revenue. To Illustrate his
point, he made use of the disastrous In
stancethat he knew of one estate that
had securities amounting to over $12,000,
--000, but that they could not be brought
here and were- now somewhere between
here and New York, and that they were
not being taxed. •
When, however. Crothers and Senator
Gillette had a conversation on the ex
emption. Senator Gillette understanding
the conversation to, refer to the Stanford
estate, demanded what amount In securi
ties had been "lost" on the. way from
New York, and Crothers would not tell,
arid when he was asked to deny the re
port that they amounted to over $12,000.
--000 he refused to do so. His method of
lobbying has cost the measure a. good
deal of dignity, and perhaps has caused
it. more trouble. - ,■:/-,
NO AVOIDANCE OF TAXATION.
The Call is :in receipt of the following
self-explanatory telegram: ' \ .'
"SACRAMENTO. March. 2.— The state-
ment of Senator Gillette that, several mil-
lions of Stanford securities were sent East
to' - avoid taxation is absolutely untrue.
originating in a corrected error of Senator
Rowell.
"DAVID S. JORDAN,
"GEORGE E. CROTHERS."
SAN FRANCISCO JUDGES
WILL GET NO INCREASE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, "March 2.— San Francisco's Su
perior Judges must . wait another two
years at least before they will get the
$1000 raise in salary for which they have
worked the . present Legislature untir
ingly for three weeks past.
The bill originally provided for a "raise
in the salaries of the Judges of Tuol
umne and Shasta counties only. It was
introduced in the Senate by Curtin and
when It came Into the Assembly it was
amended by Dibble so as to include San
Francisco. : .**.?• .'•:."■-•
The Senate refused to concur in Dib
ble's amendment and to-day sent a mes
sage into the Assembly asking that it
recede. - • .' :.'
Judge Dibble requested the Assembly
to accede to the request, as he had prom
ised Curtin and McDonald of Tuolumne
that he would not insist upon his amend
ment in case he should jeopardize the
chances of the passage of the original
bill by doing so. The Assembly receded.
FITTING TRIBUTE
IS PAID TO A
PHILANTHROPIST
Unanimous Vote to Repay Clans
Spreckels Money Loaned
for Farmers.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 2.— The, bill which is
to remunerate Claus Spreckels for the
$25,000 he advanced to the State for the
relief of the drought stricken farmers
of San Luis Obispo and Monterey
counties passed the Assembly this
evening with no vote against it.
Grove L. Johnson of Sacramento
spoke to the measure when it came up
-•egularly on the Ways and Means Com
mittee file. He paid a splendid tribute
to Mr. Spreckels in saying:
"I hope every member of this House
will vote for this bill. Were there any
stronger way of expressing our grati
tude I should ask that we take it. This
bill is designed to repay $25,000 which
was advanced to the farmers of this
State when they were in dire necessity
by Claus Spreckels, a great, big-hearted
man.
"It was an act characteristic of Claus
Spreckels. He is an honor to his city
and his State, to the nation and the
country that gave him birth.
"I ask that every member vote for
this bill and that it be at once trans
mitted to the Senate." --:
_ . .
LA BAREE WILL
NOT VOTE FOR
BURNS OR GRANT
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March Assemblyman La
Baree. who has been away for the past
two days visiting his brother at his ranch
in Contra Costa County, returned to Sac
ramento to-night and was seen upon his
arrival by a Call representative. He was
asked whom he would vote for for\Unlted
States Senator, now that Bulla had re
tired from the field, and in reply he said:
"I am in doubt whom I will vote for.
Van R. Paterson is the man of my choice,
and it may be that I will vote for him.
Next to Paterson I favor W. H. L.
Barnes." : •; -v
> He was asked if anything would Induce
him to vote for either Burns or Grant,
and he replied:
"1 will positively refuse -to vote for
either Burns or Grant under any circum
.stances. If there is any chance of Van R.
Paterson coming to the front I will vote
for him. Next to him I consider General
Barnes the best man. I think that this
is the proper time for Paterson to come
to the front, for it seems to me to be as
much of a deadlock as ever. I don't see
how Barnes can win unless he gets sup
port from some of the other camps, but,
nevertheless, I consider him the next best
man to Paterson.'.'. • , ...
WORKING TO SAVE THE p
MINERAL LAND BILL
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 2.— The evening session
of the Senate was broken In upon by an
interruption from Washington. -It -was a
telegram from Marlon de Vries in which
he asked the California Legislature . to
take some action, and take it at once, in
order that he might get the mineral land
bill, of so much importance to the miners
of California, before Congress. The end
of the session was near, he wired, and
any action that was taken must be im
mediate to be of any etfect.
Senator Davis was given the telegram
and he fixed up the following- resolution:
"Resolved, By the Senate and Assemoiy
of the State of California, jointly, that we
earnestly urge immediate consideration of
the mineral land bill now pending in Con
gress, and respectfully request Hon. T.
B. Reed. Speaker of the House of Rep
resentatives, to recognize some member
of the California delegation to - call tne
same up for consideration before the close
of the present session. <•;"-. :■
"Resolved, That the secretary of the Sen
ate be Instructed to transmit by, telegraph
a copy of the foregoing resolution to tne
Speaker of the House of Representatives
at Washington, D. C."
In submitting the resolution Davis
asked that a vote suspending the rules
he taken and that his resolution be adopt
ed and wired back to Washington- at
once. It looked as if this would be done,
but Braunhart arose and asked why the
Legislature of California should bow down
before the Czar of the House and beg him
to recognize a representative from Cali
fornia. He was answered by Davis, who
said he thought it was no time for "petty
peanut politics." and he had no 'answer
except to call for the roll call. Braunhart
explained that it was. to, the form. of the
resolution that he objected, not to the
sentiment it expressed, and so he would
Vote for it anyway, which he did. There
was not a dissenting voice and. the resolu
tion went through in a moment.
The mineral land bill now before Con
gress is one which segregates from the
land granted to the Central Pacific Rail
road Company- all lands which have been
found to contain mineral deposits, and
lays them open to settlement by miners,
giving the railroad other lands in lieu or
those taken under the act.
NO MORE JUNKETS
AT STATE EXPENSE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 2.— There will be no
junket to Agnews this week, for the Sen
ate has ruthlessly sat down upon -the
scheme, and the traveling element will
have to stay around Sacramento or pay
its own way out.
Senator Laird submitted a resolution
granting leave of absence to three mem
bers from each of the committees on
finances, hospitals and public buildings
from Saturday at 2 o'clock to Monday at
half-past 11, with all the necessary trav
eling expends between here and Agnews
The resolution aroused the sense of hu
mor which lies dormant generally in the
Senate, and the Senators proceeded to
have some at its expense. Senator Smith,
however, injected a little hard sense Into
th<-discuesion when he said he was a mem
ber of two .of the committees which were
to be represented in the junket and he
could say already that the institution was
very modest, did not want anything -more
than the regular appropriation and was
generally satisfied with what it had He
did not see the use of any junket unless
h_t S _ld at no- dePired ■ to *Cs a a " inVtitutfon
mat aia not want anything-, i Ther« „•„«
sucn a tuna of logic in the situation __
kffild : __?_W&& lt W **_ resolution wm
Killed and the junketers ha to bear the
the eS he oflt0 fl tl c who were not included in
the beaten plan for an outing ;
TINKERING WITH THE
J ADVERTISING BILLS
MFVTO " E t D OQUART0 QUARTE RS. SACRA
MENTO. March The claims of the va-
StntS, Papers „ for the Panting of con
stitutional amendments came before the
Assembly * C mml ttee on Way. and Means
„mJ_ ml ? 8, and it was decided to -have
BStSfflfftf ltUtCd 'or the original
bills in many Instances. Those bills that
*ere unauthorized by Governor Budd
were sent back to the Assembly without
recommendation, while in quite a number
of cases the appropriations were cut
down. The committee made a "inform
price for the printing of the amendments,
and also took into consideration the circu
lation of the papers and knifed the ap
propriations accordingly. In a number or
cases the- amount charged was double
that of other papers for the same work.
These were" regulated. ••
There has-been considerable time con
sumed' in getting the bills in proper shape.
and the committees of both houses have
reason to feel relieved mat the hills are
in a condition to go the regular route.
The aggregate amount asked form the
numerous bills was $69,700 a portion of
which Was acted uoon by the Senate com
mittee and the rest by that of the Assem
bly Of the portion allotted to the As
sembly committee $14,369 was reported
back to the Assembly after having been
Tho n e bill_ that were reported back with
out .recommendation" were numbers 918.
968, -48, 934. 974; 929 and 9b9.
NO PROTECTION FOR
: '.-. TIMID CANDIDATES
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 2.— The woes of the last
"conference" were thrashed over in the
Senate this afternoon' with the considera
tion of Dibble's bill to protect timid can
didates a's a basis for argument.
Dibbles bill provides that any candi
date who takes a pledge to vote for any
particular person for United States Sen
ator or any one who asked a legislator or
legislative candidate to do so. shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor. There
is a law already on the books making it
an offense to exact or take a pledge, and
Dibble's bill added the question of Sena
tor to make that a sure thing. The Sen
ate had no use for- the measure, how
ever, and by a vote of 30 to 4 the bill was
defeated. -
Shortridge opposed the bill in the first
place because he said he .thought it right
and just that every one should know ex
actly how a man was going to represent
his constituents, and there was only one
way of making that sure. Davis was
also redhot after the bill. He brought m
the present situation by declaring that he
felt his people had a right to know bow
he was going to vote on the question j of
a United States Senator and on other Im
portant measures, and. he had pledged
himself on every stump in his county on
any question he understood, except those
affecting the judiciary. He thought that
if a man did not wish to pledge himself
he should assert his manhood, to- which
Senator Curtin, who favored the bill, said
"yes, and give up his ambition." .
. Curtin pointed to the. present^ condition
of affairs in the joint ballot, and declared
that If it were not for the pledges taken
before the election by the various candi
dates there would have been no deadlock
and a Senator would have been elected
long before this. "We have been here for
sixty days." he said, "and have lost an
immense amount of time balloting for a
Senator, and all because of these > ante
election pledges. How long is this going to
continue? Are we going on to witness the
disgraceful scenes we have witnessed da*,
after day in the joint session? Pledges
control all political bodies, and it has got
so now that you cannot succeed in an
election unless you have been tied down
by all kinds of pledges." _„■- +Vl -
"Morehouse preferred to designate the
Senatorial bugbear as A. B. "If my con;
stttuents do not want A. B. for Senator,
he declared, "they have a right to demand
of me that I do not vote for A. 8.. and
I I have no right to violate that pledge. I
I have no "right to come here and vote for
I a man for Senator when. I know in my
! heart mv constituents are opposed to that
| man for United States Senator. I am op
; posed to this bill. It is, conceived in. sin,
born in iniquity and if passed will be
passed wrongly." '_,"?' „««..
There was no fear of its passage how
ever and after an amendment including
boards of Supervisors in the pledge pro
; hibition had. been submitted anil with
! drawn, because the bill already had such
| a provision, the measure was snowed
I under.
PEOPLE TO VOTE FOR
UNITED STATES SENATOR
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 2.— Assemblyman Brown
of. San Mateo this evening offered in the
Assembly a constitutional amendment de
signed to accomplish the Same result Ti
the concurrent resolution offered by Cam
inetti of Amador last, week— the election
of United States Senators by direct vote
of the people.
Mr. Brown's amendment, which was re
-1 ferred to the Committee on Federal Rela
tions, is as follows: '_-•' .
- "The Legislature of the State of Cali
< fornia, at its thirty-third session, com
' mencing on the 2d day of January. A. D.
! 1899, two-thirds of all the members elect
ed to each house of said Legislature vot
i ing in favor thereof, hereby proposes that
I £■ new section be added to the constitu
! tion of the State of California to be
i known and designated as section 6, arti
j cle II thereof, as follows:
"Section The Legislature shall pro
vide that at a general election immedi
; ately, preceding the expiration of the
; term of a United Statee Senator from this
' State, the electors may by ballot express
j their preference for some person for the
I office of United States Senator. The votes
! cast for such candidates shall be can
; vassed and' returned in the same man
ner as for the State officers."
A BAD OUTLOOK FOR
THE EXPOSITION BILLS
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 2.— There appeared to he
a diversity of opinion in regard to the
bills asking for an appropriation of $500,
---000 for the big exposition in San Fran
cisco at the meeting of the Senate Finance
Committee ; this - morning, for the bills
were reported back to the Senate without
recommendation after very little discus
sion. .It is stated by some that when the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAVfiYOU
BEEN CURED!
If Not, Why Not?
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
DOCTOR SWEANY, THE OLD RELI-
ABLE AND LONG ESTABLISHED
SPECIALIST.
Office 737 Market street.
Where the sick and afflicted can receive
treatment in the future, as they have In
the past, from the ablest and most suc-
cessful Specialist of -the age.
Some doctors fall because of treating
the wrong disease; others from not know-
ing the right treatment. , v. :.••"."
NO MISTAKES. .NO FAILURES-
In the treatment of any of the following
diseases. Vitality ar.d Vigor imparted t<>
all diseased organs and perfect cure*
guaranteed:
Kidneys. Bright** Diseass,
Catarrh-, - Nervous Debility.
Throat, Private Diseases.
Luting, Blood and Skin,
Head, Rupture.
Hear*, Rheumatism.
Bladder. Disease* of Rectum.
Liver. Spleen, Varicocele,
Stomach, H-drocele,
And all swellings, tenderness and "J;
pediments of tne sexual parts. - _£*«■ In
indiscretions in youth or «_*£" r £
after life, neglected a „„ I .^™__ffl
treated cases*; lack of vitality. |««™
weakness, doziness, weak n I a ) 'Z k * t / y l,, a I _|
memory, despondency, etc.. promptly _u_
effectualy cured. _,_._■__*. Tv
WOMEN'S DISEASES A SPECIALTY.
WRITE!-' you cannot call, £«««_£»-
fidential and answered in all ian» « sue-
HOME rREATMENT The mort the
cessful lome at E noUs lnds who were
medical S>rotes^°n.i nou cured
unable V call SecSl 'treatment. Consul-
fe^rcafforaddres- .
F. L. SWEANY, M. 8.,<
737 Market St.
a *n i? m • 2 to 5 and 7 to 3
° fflC ' g^rlundays"' roL 10 » *bills come before the Senate the country
members will oppose their passage on the
ground that the exposition will benefit
only San Francisoo or the immediate vi
cinity.
Quite a number of those gentlemen who
came from San Francisco to support the
bills left last night, with the impression
that the bills were in a fair wav to pass,
evidently thinking that the bills would
meet with .approval by the committee, but
by that body's action this morning It
would seem that the gentlemen were la
boring under a delusion.
The report of the committee was read
in the Senate this morning and the bills
placed on file. They will probably not
take the regular course, but will be hur
ried through by being placed on the ur
gency file.
FREE MARKET TO
GO TO THE SEAWALL
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 2.— So far as the Senate
is concerned the free market will not be
on the corner of Davis and Pacific streets
in San Francisco. It- will be on section
4of the seawall. An amendment to Lang
ford's free market bill providing for the
change in the site was adopted this even
ing, despite the opposition of Cutter and
Langford, and with the assistance of Ma
jor McLaughlin, who has been persistently
lobbying against the bill in its original
form whenever he had time to spare from
Ms diminishing share in the Senatorial
fight. Senator Stratton proposed the
amendment moving the site for the addi
tion to the free market from the lot lying
between Pacific street, Davis and the
water front to section 4 of the seawall.
Dickinson spoke first on the amendment,
saying the site originally mentioned was
occupied by the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company and was paying the State a
rental of $600 a month throughout the
year, and by the bill it was intended to
oust the company to make way for a ■
traffic which would pay but for three or
four months.
Cutter read several resolutions passed
by the Supervisors, the Chamber or Com- |
merce, the State Grange and the Fruit
Growers' convention, all of which recom
mended the site on Davis and Pacific I
streets. Btratton explained that improve- ;
ments valued at $50,900 would have to be j
removed or given up by the company, and
showed that the site on the seawall was
Just as good and quite as close to the cen- ;
ter of trade so far as transportation was
concerned as the one the original bill se
lected.
Others spoke on the question princi- [
pal";.- on the subject of the railway facil- !
ities, which Senator Langford explained j
•was what the farmers most wanted, and j
then the amendment went to a vote. It j
had but little to spare when the vote was
•announced J but the amendment had car
ried and the bill was laid over until it
could be printed.
TUTOR GAGE STILL
TEACHING RHETORIC
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March Governor Gage is still
engaged in teaching rhetoric to the untu
tored legislator. Mistaken English has j
brought vetoes to more proposed laws
this year than has bad policy. It killed
off two more to-day.
Mr. Gage's message on one of them is
as follows:
I herewith return to your honorable body,
•without my approval. Assembly bill 132, with I
my objection thereto.
The language of the bill la so obscure, where
It purports to permit full satisfaction to be ;
entered after a sale under foreclosure, that It
would, apparently, release any Judgment
debtor from a deficiency Judgment after fore- i
ensure. HENRY T. GAGE.
Mr. Gage's other message disapproves
bill 113 and reads as follows:
This hill amends section 1050 of the Code of
Civil Procedure by adding thereto the follow
ing words: "And In such action any defense I
may he made by plaintiff to such claim which j
he "would be entitled to make were an action i
brought by the defendant against the plaintiff." ,
If the language of this amendment Is to bear .
the most favorable construction, then It adds '
nothing to the strength of the original sec- j
tlon, for this has been the -settled law upon I
the subject.
It is, however, capable of a construction ;
which might give to plaintiff In such action j
a defense which would have the effect to defeat ■
the richt of an Innocent -nee of a negotia- ;
ble Instrument assigned before maturity.
HENRY T. GAGE. -
THE GOVERNOR WILL
PERMIT NO CORRECTIONS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 2. Governor Gage raised
a good-natured laugh In the Assembly
thls evening by sending mysterious Mr.
Foley in with a message declining to
honor. a similar request to send back to
. the Assembly for correction Assembly
bill 24
..'Mr. Gage's letter is as follows:
"I have this day received from your
honorable body the following communica
: tion, of which this is a copy, to wit:
.Governor of the State of California— Sir: I
am directed to inform you that the Assembly
'ran- this day adopted a resolution respectfully
asking that you return to the Assembly for
correction Assembly bill 24, an act to amend
eectlon 1524 of the Penal Code, relating- to the
"lssulns: of search warrants.
C. W KYLE Chief Clerk of the Assembly.
| '• • .By H. B. WANZfER, Assistant Clerk.
' "This Assembly bill No. 24. having been
presented to me on the 28th day of Febru
' _try last, after having finally passed both
"'the Senate and the Assembly. I regret
' to-inform you that I am not aware of any
law. under the surrounding conditions,
.which will permit me to comply with the
respectful request of your honorable body
to now withdraw said bill from my charge.
•• "HENRY T. GAGE."
FINANCE COMMITTEE
CONSIDERS BILLS
•'■-•CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 2.— At the meeting of the
Senate Finance Committee this morning
"the following bills were taken under com
• Senate bill 790, which was re
ported back without recommendation, is
ah act to appropriate $1120 to pay the un
paid salary of the late Denis Spencer, as
'-attorney for the State Board of Health
and the" Board of Health of San Francisco
from July 15, 1895, until November 30, 1895.
Assembly bill 509 was favorably reported
•tipon. It is an act providing for the main
tenance of a mansion for the Governor of
the State of California and empowering
the State Capitol Commissioners to pro
vide for the heating, lighting and repairs
and renewal of furnishings of said man
_ion and providing for the number and
salaries of the necessary employes and
pr_-vants selected and employed by the
"Governor therein and for the appropria
tion of necessary money for such pur
poses, and directing the State Controller
to issue warrants upon the generaL fund,
end directing the State Treasurer to pay
said warrants. Bill 127 was sent back
with- an unfavorable recommendation. It
1* an act to provide for the purchase. of
additional land for the Folsom State
Prison and makes an appropriation there
"for. _ __
No Recommendation for Free Market.
• CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO March 2.— The bill creating a
free market on the water front of San
Francisco came up for consideration be
fore the Assembly Committee on Com
• merc" and Navigation this morning and
•was reported back without recommenda
■tion The committee has been In doubt
regarding the bill since its trip of inspec
tion to San Francisco recently. There Is
_ dlvereltv of opinion among its members,
and it was decided to let the matter be
fought out on the Moor of the House.
Bin 995 was reported upon favorably after
bavin-, undergone numerous amendments
•It provides that all warehouses wherein
bronerty is stored for a compensation be
declared a public warehouse.
-tvr rt TiPir for the Children.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
•MENTO March 2. -The bill Jo appropri
ate money for the erection of a front sec
tf.,n to the California Home far the Car*
and Training ol Feeble Minded Children
•came before the Assembly Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds thte even
ing and was reported back with) a fa
vorable recommendation. \
Bills Approved.
: CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March Governor Gage to
day sent word to the Senate that fie had
'approved Assembly bills 96, 151. 997 and 998.
• . Assembly bill 96, by Miller of San Fran-
I cisco, makes a slight amendment to sec-
I tion 1183 of the Code of Civil Procedure
i relating to liens of mechanics and others
■ on real property. _, . . ...
McKeen of Alameda introduced bill
: 151. It authorizes rural cemetery asso
; ciations organized under the act of lso9 to
! establish crematories on their properties.
Bills 997 and 99S make further appropria
tions for the contingent expenses of the
; Assembly. _
«
! Assembly Judiciary Committee.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 2.— the meeting of the
I Assembly Judiciary- Committee. this even
| ing Assembly bills 916 and 591 and Senate
i bill 9 were reported back with favorable
[ recommendations. Bill 916 is an act pro
! viding for the continual construction of
an additional building in connection with
the State University and to be devoted to
! the learning of arts and sciences.
Bill 591 relates to action for damages.
j Senate bill 9 provides for the government
of foreign corporations doing business
! within the United States.
CALM BEFORE THE STORM.
Chinese Say the Trouble Is Over, but
Police Look for Shooting.
"No more trouble" is the watchword
! of the Chinamen now, and In consequence
! of this voluntary information that the war
I is over the police are on the alert for more
! shooting, for past experience has taught
I them that when everything is quiet and
! there are no threats of violence some
: thing will happen.
The war between the SI On Sear and
the Bing On tongs is reported to have
I been satisfactorily settled. The Sam _ups
' held a meeting yesterday at which rep- I
: resentatives from both tongs were pres
' net. After considerable powwow it was :
1 agreed that the relatives of Chan Si ,
- Wing who was murdered on Jackson i
; street Saturday night, should be paid $500
and each of the three tongs to which !
the dead man belonged should receive $250. i
, It is nrobable that after this money set- !
i tlement is made Wong Yum Hung, who
is under arrest for the* murder, will not |
j be prosecuted by the company. ---'_
Chin Goey. who threatened the life of j
his cousin. Chin Gin, Monday night and i
was released on bail after being arrested,
I made other threats yesterday and was |
rearrested. The meeting of the Chin fam
ily held Wednesday night did not result
in an adjustment of the trouble and Chin.)
Gin and his brother stated to the police j
last night that they feared they would
be shot by some of the Hop Sings, to |
j which Chin Goey belongs. Neither of the i
i brothers will venture on the street with- j
! out a white body guard.
THE CATHEDRAL MISSION.
Interesting History of the Rise of the
Charitable Institution.
The year book of the Cathedral Mission
of the Good Samaritan, just issued, gives
an interesting history of the mission from
its foundation and a record of the work
done in the past year.
The mission was first opened on May
4, 1894, at 249 Second street, its object
being the entertainment of men and boys
in the neighborhood. It consisted of but
five rooms, and was looked alter by a
delegation from the Brotherhood of St.
Andrew. ,
It was a success from the start, and a
year after its opening a subscription was
started to raise funds for the erection of
a new building. The sum of $«.«>•> was
raised, and on December 27, ISM, the cor
ner-stone was laid for the chapel and mis
sion house. Later the adjoining lot was
purchased, and the corner building, con
taining sixty-five rooms, was leased and
fitted up for the working boys. The mis
sion was crowned with success from the
start, but the question of finance has ever
been a vexing one. About $5000 will be
needed to carry on the work during the
coming year, and it is hoped to raise this
by subscription.
A STRANGE SUICIDE.
Meiner Duer Hangs Himself in a Va
cant House on San Bruno Road.
The body of Meiner Duer. salesman for
William Hoelscher & Co., liquor dealers
at the corner of Taylor and Turk streets,
was found hanging in a vacant house at
I'lavbank wharf on the San Bruno road
early Wednesday evening. The firm s de
livery wagon, which was driven by Duer.
was found tied to a fence near by. The
body was taken in charge by the San Ma
teo County officials and an inquest will be
held to-day. • _ v _ ,~ . , , I
Wednesday morning, about 10 o clock,
Duer drove away from the- liquor store
with a consignment of liquors which were
to be delivered to different parts of the
city. At that time he said nothing that
might be construed as an intention to
commit suicide and he was in apparently
good spirits. He had been in the employ
of the firm for the past ten months and.
so far as is known, his accounts are all
r Duer resided at 2105 Howard street. He
leaves a widow and two young children.
Previous to his employment by "William
Hoelscher & Co. he was a driver for the
United States Brewery.
James Mcdonald dead.
Had Been Under Treatment at a Hos
pital for a Week.
James McDonald of Boca, Nevada
County, died at St. Mary's Hospital yes
terday afternoon. He came to this city
about a week ago and entered the hos
pital to undergo treatment for affections
of the heart and kidneys. He improved
slightly for a few days, then gradually
sank until yesterday, when he breathed
Mr. McDonald's loss will be felt keenly
by sportsmen all over the State. There
was good shooting and fishing on his .
grounds in Nevada County and all sport- j
ing men were made welcome and treated ;
royally. ■■';■', _ .
He was also well known in business
•circles from ins connection with the Boca ;
Ice Company. He was a widower and
leaves three sons and one daughter. The
remains were taken to the undertaking
parlors of Carew & English on Van Ness j
avenue. ______
WELL KNOWN AUTHOR GONE.
Theodore Kirchoff Died Last Night
After Two Weeks' nines*.
Theodore Kirchoff. an author well
known in this country and in Germany,
died at his residence, 809 Scott street, last
Mr. Kirchoff was taken sick about two
weeks ago with inflammation of the lungs
and has been steaaily sinking. He was
a native of Germany, and his best literary
works were in the language of his na
tive land, although many of them have
been translated.
Newspaper Stamps for Sale.
The Postofflce Department announces
that beginning on Saturday morning at
8 o'clock and every day thereafter phila
telists, or stamp collectors, may have an
opportunity of buying newspaper and
periodical stamps in unbroken sets at $5
each.
There are only 50,000 sets, and when they
shall have passed into private hands they
will be greatly Increased in value. The
denominations are from 1 cent to $100 each.
They will be sold at the stamp window at
the general postofflce. ." .-:.
Library at Manila.
Lieutenant Colonel J. D. Miley, who
leaves for Manila on Saturday, has com
pleted the preliminary work on this side
for founding a free library for officers
and soldiers at Manila. He has arranged
with W. S. Jones, president of the Se
curity Savings Bank, to receive contribu
tions for the purchase of books. The
Call will set aside a bundle of papers each
day which will be forwarded to Manila
as "the opportunity offers.
Used a Dirk on His Wife.
Jacob J. Pfrang, a piano player, was
yesterday held by acting Police Judge
Barry to answer before the Superior
Court on a charge of assault to murder
in $1000 bonds. On February 18, he and
his wife had a quarrel in a saloon at
723 Howard street, when she knocked
him down, and he stabbed her three times
In the neck and shoulder with a dirk
knife.
Drunken Parents Arrested.
Officers Tracy, Lynch and Delmar of the
Eureka Society made a raid last night on
the house at 430_. Clementina street, oc
cupied by Michael Cum, his wife, mother
in-law and three children, the latter aged
7 years. 18 months and 1 month, respect
ively. The officers found Mrs. Cum and
her mother lying drunk on the floor with
the younger children beside. them. Cum
was sober enough to get out of the house
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1899.
when the officers entered, and took the
oldest child, a boy, with him. The chil
dren will probably be sent to a charitable
Institution where they will be properly
cared for.
MORMON LEADER HERE.
President Joseph F. Smith. Regrets
the Utah Legislative
Scandal.
President Joseph F. Smith, leader of
the Mormon sect in Zion, Utah, who has
been for some time in Honolulu on busi
ness connected with his church, has ar
rived in this city and is staying at the
Grand Hotel. With him are Mrs. Smith
and his two nieces.
"I regret that my visit to the islands."
said Mr. Smith, "compelled me to be ab
sent at the very time the Senatorial fight
was going on in Utah. I deeply deplore
the scandal that has arisen in the case.
No matter whether the charges of brib
ery against A. W. McCune are proven or
not, McCune cannot go to the Senate un
tainted. Although I consider him a good
friend of the Mormon church, still we
hardly care to assume the responsibility
of his election.
"As to Congressman-elect Roberts, I
honor him for his fidelity to his covenants
and his devotion to his church, but I think
his election at this time Is a mistake.
However, the people wanted him, and
they are responsible and not the church."
President Smith addressed the Mormon <
Mission at 915 Golden Gate avenue last
night, and the Mormon colony was well
represented. He spoke of matters re
lating to their faith and urged them to be
true to it.
President Smith will probably leave for
his home shortly, as he received a tele
gram yesterday that the investigating
committee in the McCune bribery case
expected to bring in their report to-day.
VISIT TO PACIFIC PARLOR.
First Vice Grand President Mattison
Makes an Official Call.
Last evening First Grand Vice Presi- >
dent Frank Mattison of Santa Cruz paid
an official visit to Pacific Parlor, Na
tive Sons of the Golden West, and took
knowledge of the parlor's work and also j
of an exemplification of the ritualistic i
work, which met his hearty approval. He I
commended the business methods and the !
work in high terms. After the close of j
the parlor the visiting ' officer. Leonard
Stone, the past president of the parlor;
James Ogara. the president: G. Stanzen
berg, first vice president; Terry Mertin.
second vice president- W. E. Dorn, third
vice president; J. C. Miller, recording
secretary; Frank R. Neville, the financial ;
secretary. and 'other officers and mem
bers, with Henry Lunstedt, the grand j
secretary, and G. W. Clark, past grand j
president, went to a cafe in the vicinity 1
of Native Sons' Hall, where they enjoyed
a collation. The president of the parlor
Introduced the visiting officer, who dcliv- i
ered a very interesting address, after |
which J. Wheaton, Leonard, the well
known barytone, sang his new song, ' A ,
Message"; Past President Clark and I
Grand Secretary Lunstedt delivered ad- |
dresses; Frank Rothganger favored the j
gathering with a recitation, and L. Hib
bert sang a barytone solo. There were in
addition responses to toasts by members
and visitors, and it was after midnight
when the assemblage broke up.
DELIGHTFUL SONG RECITAL.
•
Mrs. Birmingham's First Public Ap
pearance Since Her Return
From Europe.
Mrs. Birmingham gave a song recital at
the Sherman & Clay Hall last evening,
making her first public appearance in San
Francisco since her return from Europe,
where she has been studying singing for
nearly three years with Bouhy and Hen
schel. She has a contralto voice of ex
ceptional power and quality and of large
range. With these gifts and her evident
intelligent and handsome appearance,
Mrs. Birmingham is sure to meet with
success as a concert singer If she contin
ue- in her profession. She sang a dozen
songs last evening, finding her, best op
portunities in the "Air de Dalila." ..from
Salnt-Saens' "Samson and Dalila. the
four Schubert songs and Henschel s fine
song, 'There Was an Ancient King.
Mrs. Birmingham Was assisted by Mr.
Weiss 'cellist, and Mrs. Batchelder, ac
companist. _ '
Appealed, to the Wrong Court.
A communication was received by the
Supervisors yesterday from a coursing
man with a grievance. The letter was
from W. W. Harrington, who claimed
that he purchased two greyhounds in
February. paying $125 for the brace of
dogs. After the purchase he found that
they had been ruled off the local fields
before coming into his possession. He
asked the Supervisors to reinstate them.
The hounds are George Dixon and May
McKinley. The communication was placed
on file.
Owner Wanted for a Wheel.
Captain Gillen of the Seventeenth street
police station has in his keeping a Victor
bicycle for which he wants an owner. The
wheel was left in the yard of Henry-
George at the southwest corner of Treat
avenue and Twenty-fifth street one week
ago during the night. The number on the
wheel has been defaced. The police are
tinder the impression that the machine
has been stolen and was left there by the
thief.
Sharpers Rob a Farmer.
Henry Hansen, a farmer of San Mateo
County, swore to a complaint last night
at the California street police station for
the arrest of Fisherman Jack, a noto
rious character of the Barbary Coast.
Hansen claims that he was robbed by
Flsherman Jack and two of the latter's
pals In the Monte Carlo saloon, on the
corner of Jackson and Kearny streets,
last Sunday afternoon.
Refuses to Prosecute.
When the case of John Toomey, the
young tough who threw a lighted lamp
at his mother at 333 Harriet street on
Wednesday night, was called In Judge
Mogan's court yesterday Mrs. Toomey did
not appear, and the Judge continued the
case and issued a bench warrant for her
arrest. Toomev has already served six
months in jail for beating her.
Fractured His Leg.
W. H. Howell, an employe in the quar
termaster's department at the Presidio,
had charge of a lot of Government mules
at Sixth and Berry streets yesterday,
when one of them broke away from the
herd Howell started in pursuit, and his
horse slipped and fell. His left leg. was
fractured and he was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital for treatment.
Charged With Burglary.
A. Hendricks, a grocery clerk, living at
100 Fair Oaks street, swore to a complaint
in Judge Mogan's court yesterday for the
arrest of "John Doe" Gallaghan and"
"John Doe" Smith on a charge of ; bur
glary. He alleges that Saturday night
they broke into his room while he was
asleep and stole his watch and chain.
lowa's Crew to Be Entertained.
The reception committee of the Young
Men's Christian Association, assisted by
the Mothers' Club and a special commit
tee of fifty young ladies, will entertain
the officers and men of the United States
battle-ship lowa at the Association build
ing next Tuesday evening.
Kindergarten Work.
The Emanu-El Free Kindergarten has
lust completed the first year of its ex
istence and the association will hold Its
first annual meeting at the kindergarten,
1222 Folsom street, at 2 p. m. to-day.
Approved by the President.
WASHINGTON, March The Presi
dent has approved bills as follows: For
the investigation of leprosy in the United
States' for public building at Oakland.
Cal.' also an appropriation of $20,000,000 to
carry out the provision of the treaty . of
peace with Spain.
Many Employes Benefited.
MANCHESTER, N. H., March 2.— The
directors of the Amoskeag Corporation
voted to-day to restore the wages of 1897
after April 3. The increase amounts to
more than 10 per cent. The company em
ploys 10.000 hands.
Carl Schurz's Birthday.
NEW YORK. March The seventieth
anniversary of the birth of Carl Schurz
was celebrated to-day. Congratulatory
letters and telegrams were received in
great numbers. .
One New, Case of Smallpox.
LOS ANGELES. March 2.— Only one ad
ditional case of smallpox developed to
day.
ONE VOLUNTEER
SPEAKS HARSHLY
OF CANNED BEEF
_-_ ww. rrr _• ■ ■ V_7._ll _-_ _^
But His Testimony, as Well as
That of Other Witnesses,
Is Contradicted.
WASHINGTON, March There
j were several interesting developments
'• in the beef court of inquiry to-day. It
j was a field day for the volunteer arm
of the service, the waiting room being
filled all day with members of the
various volunteer regiments which
served in Cuba and Porto Rico.
The first of these, Clarence Walters,
of the First Volunteer Engineers, told
a sensational story of hardship and in
humanity suffered during his service,
describing the canned roast beef in
harsher terms than have ever before
been applied to that much discussed
article.
Later In the day, Lieutenant Sewell.
U. S. A., who was major of the volun
teer battalion in which Walters served,
contradicted his story completely, say
ing there was no canned roast beef
aboard the transport which took the
command to Porto Rico. Further than
that, he said Walters had come to him
after landing and asked to be dis
charged, so as to accept a position as
newspaper correspondent, and on being
questioned, said that he had been well
treated while in the service and had
no complaint to make.
WHITE DINED BY
SENATOR PERKINS
Retiring Colleague Duly
Honored.
AN ELABORATE FUNCTION
NOTED MEN GATHER AT THE
METROPOLITAN CLUB.
Tribute Paid to the Southern Califor
nia Statesman by Men Who
Have Served With Him
in Congress.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel.
Washington. March 2.
Senator Perkins gave an elaborate
dinner at the Metropolitan Club to
night In honor of his colleague. Sena
tor White, who retires from the Senate
on March 4. The dining hall and tables
were beautifully decorated with cut
and potted flowers, ferns and palms.
Around the board were seated many
of the colleagues of Senators White
and Perkins. Among those present
were: Justice McKenna of the United
States Supreme Court. Senators For
aker. Proctor, Fairbanks, Gorman.
Faulkner, Jones, Shoup, Clark (Wyom
ing), Mantle, Carter, Turner. Simon,
Heitfeldt. Penrose, Mallory. Wilson,
Hansbrough, Warren. Clark (Mon
tana). Representatives Loud. Maguire.
De Vries, Hilborn. Barham. Barlow.
Newlands, Hon. Bingham Hermann.
Commisisoner of the General Land Of
fice, and Messrs. George H. Maxwell
of San Francisco, Henry Savage. E. M.
Boyd, O. J. Hope, C. H. Hamilton. C.
C. Carlton. IL-__
Tributes were paid to Senator White
by Messrs. McKenna, Maguire. For
aker Proctor, Mantle. Carter. Faulk
ner. Jones, Wilson. Hansbrough. Fair
banks, Barham, Hermann and Gover
nor Brady of Alaska.
E. M. Boyd responded for the press
representatives. Senator White will
leave for home Immediately after the
adjournment of Congress.
REFUSED TO CONSIDER
GENERAL WHEELER'S CASE
Significant Political Division in the
House on the Report of the
Judiciary Committee.
WASHINGTON, March 2.— An attempt
was made in the House to-day to con
sider the resolutions reported by the Ju- j
diciary Committee, declaring that General
Wheeler and the three other members |
who accepted commissions In the army j
had thereby vacated their seats, but the |
House by an overwhelming vote refused I
to consider them. The political division
upon this vote was significant. The vote
stood 77 ayes cast by twenty-one Repub- j
licans, forty-three Democrats and fifteen
Populists; and 148 noes, cast by 101 Re- j
publicans, forty-four Democrats and one i
Populist.
A half million dollars each was appro
priated under suspension of the rules for
the Pan-American Exposition at Buffalo
and the Ohio Centennial at Toledo.
The Senate bill, carrying $1,000,000 for a ;
new building for the Department of Jus
tice, was passed,, and two public build
ings in other cities were agreed to. one j
appropriating $250,000 at Los Angeles, Cal.
A number of conference reports on I
minor bills were adopted.
DRANK CARBOLIC LOTION
INSTEAD OF MEDICINE
Sad Death of the Very Rev, Andrew
Kennedy Hutchinson
Boyd. •
LONDON. March 2.— The Very Rev. An
drew Kennedy Hutchinson Boyd, known
under the norn de plume of "A. K. H.
8.." died to-day through accidentally
drinking carbolic lotion instead of medi
cine. ......
The Very Rev. Andrew Kennedy Hutch
inson Boyd, D. D., LL.D., was born in
Scotland on November 3, 1835, and was the
author of a number of publications, in
cluding the ."Recreations of a Country
Parson," the "Graver Thoughts of a
Country Parson" and the "Last Years of
St. Andrews." etc.
Pacific Coast Interests.
WASHINGTON. March 2.— By direction
of the Secretary of War, Acting Assistant
Surgeon James W. Madara will proceed
from this city to New; York and report
in person to Major Alfred E. Bradley,
brigade surgeon, commanding United
States hospital ship Relief, for duty, and
on arrival of that ship at Manila will re
port in person to the commanding gen
eral of the Department of the Pacific for
assignment to duty.
Pensions: California— Original—
Smith (dead), Frultland, $12. :.•.-.
Reissue and increase— Frederick W. Is
ermann. Veterans' Home, Napa, $S to $12.
Original, widows, etc.— Elizabeth Smith,
Frultland. $8; Lina Bolle, San Jose, $8;
Imogene S. Perkins, Little River, $8. ,
Washington— Original widows, etc.—
Olive Finney, _-_U_e. *S.
An important development was the
denial of the story by one James Far
nan, and also attributed to Dr. Maxwell
Christine of Philadelphia, that they
had seen beef injected with chemicals
in an Omaha packing house. Dr.
Christine explained that what he had
seen was the pickling of corned meats,
the brine being injected into the meat
to save several weeks' time in the pick
ling vat. _, ,
The question of counsel for General
Miles before the court is still in abey
ance, some correspondence having
passed between the general and court,
but both sides decline to give out the
letters until a settlement is reached.
General Miles has not asked to be
represented by counsel, presumably be
cause that would put him in the posi
tion of admitting himself on trial by
the court, which up to date he has de
clined to admit. On the other hand
the court does not feel able, under the
articles of war, to permit Major Lee
or any one else to cross-question wit
nesses unless he can be recognized offi
cially as counsel for the defense. It
was stated that this matter probably
will be settled to-morrow. The court
expects to start West Tuesday or
Wednesday of next week.
DIRECTORS ARE
YET RESIGNING
Three More of the Union
Bank Retire.
FOUR NEW MEMBERS CHOSEN
PRESSURE OF STOCKHOLDERS IS
BROUGHT TO BEAR.
One More Place on the Board Is De
manded, and a Knotty Prob
lem Is Referred to the
Attorney General.
4
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March Three more di
rectors of the Union Savings Bank re
signed to-day under the pressure
brought by stockholders. They were
Thomas Rea, H. C. Morrell and E. A.
Wheeler. One vacancy already ex
isted, and L. Calisch, Asa Eaton, J. W.
Rea and Cyrus Jones were elected
members of the directory. These are
men whom the stockholders selected
for places yesterday.
President W. H. Wright and N. Bow
den are the only members of the old
board remaining. C. P. Brestan of San
Francisco is the other rr. ember and was
elected a few d.ays ago.
The directors had agreed to make F.
W. Potter one of the board as a repre
sentative of the depositors; but some
hitch occurred as to whether the stock
holders' power could be transferred to
him under the bank's condition, and
the matter was referred to the Attor
ney General for an opinion. * This will
come up at the meeting to-morrow
afternoon.
Some one will have to resign to make
room for Potter. The four directors
elected to-day declare they will not
make room for the depositors' repre
sentative, and some speculation is be
ing indulged in as to which of the two
old ones will step down and out.
NOT IN FAVOR OF
THE EXPOSITION
Assemblyman Feliz Writes to His
Monterey Constituents in Reply
to the Trustees' Resolution.
MONTEREY, March 2.— A letter from
Assemblyman F. P. Feliz to the Board of
City Trustees of Monterey in response to
t^ie resolutions passed by that body re
questing Monterey's representatives in the
State Legislature to vote for a State ap
propriation for an exposition in San Fran
cisco in 1901 has Just been received and is
as follows:
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 23. 1599.
To the Honorable Board of City Trustees of
the City of Monterey, — Gentlemen: A copy
of your resolution of the 17th Inst. ; relative to
"Pacific Ocean International Exposition" has
been duly received. While your action receives
Its fullest appreciation and consideration, and
carries with It no small weight of Influence.
permit me to say that I have given this mat
ter much consideration and study and my con
viction* at this time stand boldly against the
proposition. I am open to conviction in the
matter, however. If your honorable body can
formulate any chain of reason which shall con
vince me I am In the wrong I shall be pleased
to listen to the same. Very truly,
F. P. FELIZ.
No further action was taken upon the
subject by the Trustees, but the board
and Indeed the town as a whole strongly
indorse the exposition.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
®+®+® ♦® ♦ ® ®+ ® -*®+®+®+®-t- ® f_H®+® ♦®♦® ♦ ® + ® -t®-*®-*®-*®-
WOMAN'S PAINS.
QQ y )G^ i i a * Another Victory for Dr. Mc-
Qy&ox^r Laug-ilin's New Method.
g© _t_B9__l__- Twenty years of close study of the
"J J "* __Xj-_fr__ rails.- of pain have taught me how to
3) I __■_____& - ; -* '____ overcome it. Now. by my late improved
Ta __■' /•':;. method of using electricity 1 can assure
AT __&_____ ff-SBr__a___ a permanent cure of all pain and weak-
-2) ___^59__k^_2___L ness from which women suffer. Cures are
L> J____H __» __§}____ reported daily.
I _____ ___ __[-'- ANOTHER LADY CURED
A_M -9____7 -••_ l_^__| MADISON, Yolo Co.. CaJ.. March 1. 1"?.
f>.^_k -___ _rjfi ___? DR - M - A - MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: I have
fh -*J__w_kli ~*_r*" Mff been uslnp your Electric Delt less than three
()>iW?_^_lfV jfl months, and I now enjoy better health than I
_i_?_is?£j&_Kl-S ' ju |**^ri have for twenty years. I can digest my food
.SU " ■ ■' mJKiI. •WB better, sleep much better and surfer less pain
HjyßCi/iBWjI*SMI ▼^KSpoEf In my spine. I can now do my housework and
Iff HSffii^. T__l_S_¥ feel hardly any pain at all. lam better than
-S_*^-_£!H__rt_i__- <________ I ever expected to be apaln. Wherever I see
Hfff_Bfi_Ss»_t&gjgj[ jSsltfJna. an> ' or "* whom I think would be benefited by
SmSfir^ __&_*_?# your treatment I will recommend It. I like
%gfir ■_"- ""•'Sg? >SSJffS»_ the plan of being cured without taking- strong
**» ""'' ^_'*'"»- Y__P«W medicines, for I believe they are the cause of
""•*** -VY***"^ -^ - •- mv dreadful trouble with my stomach. Yours
truly, MRS. C. EDDY.
Are you sick of drugging? Tf so, try something new. Let me prove to
you how pleasant my new method is. It pours life Into the nerves and or-
gans, and makes a quick cure. Call on me, or send for my book, free.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco.
Or 204- _ South Broadway, Los Angeles.
:._,- Office Hours— B a. rrj. to 8:30 p. rt). Sundays 10 to I.
JNEI/EFI . '•'. SOLD . . IN . .DRUG . . STORES,
. :'__s_a_-_ss3?- •■' -■ 'I'ffufiß— _-_-__--__H_-_-— B-IMIB
KIPLING ON THE
WAY TO RECOVERY
Condition Continues to
Improve.
COMFORTABLE THOUGH WEAK
SEES NEWSPAPERS AND LIKES
INTEREST SHOWN.
Now There Is Some Concern Over the
Condition of the Patient's Chil
dren, One of Whom Has
Pneumonia.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 2.— That Rud- |
yard Kipling'- condition has imnroved j
very greatly during the past twenty- j
four hours Is evidenced by the fact that
but one bulletin was posted during the
day. That was of a very satisfactory
nature, and it was announced to-nis-ht
that no further bulletins would be forth- j
coming until to-morrow afternoon. !
The bulletin issued at the Hotel Gren- i
oble at 3 o'clock this afternoon was:
"Mr. Kipling has made satisfactory !
progress. He has a slight fever, but ;
is comfortable though weak, and reso- j
lution is taking place in the affected
portion of the lungs.
"E. G. JANE WAY.
"THEODORE DUNHAM."
Another indication that the patient
is getting along well is that to-nleht he >
asked to be shown the newspapers and
seemed to be greatly pleased and aa- t
fected at the interest in his illness j
shown by the American people.
Mr. Kipling spent a comfortable
night. He slept for some hours and j
rested well, and again this morning he
enjoyed an hour or two of sleep. In j
this way he has in a great measure
recuperated his strength, and the
promises are very bright for his speedy |
recovery.
According to the latest reports Kip
ling's two little daughters are not seri
ously 111, as was at first thought. The !
elder, Josephine, a child of six, is be- j
ing cared for at the home of Miss |
Deforest, a friend of Mr. Kipling; and >
to-night Miss Deforest said that the I
little one was doing "very nicely, in
deed." This was after Dr. Janeway
had visited the child, with whom he
spent a considerable time. She Is suf
fering from pneumonia, and it is not
known whether she is absolutely out
of danger. The younger of Mr. Kip
ling's daughters, Elsie, a child of three,
was said to-night by Mr. Doubleday
to be suffering from nothing more seri
ous than a severe attack of bronchitis,
and it is hoped that the physicians will
be able to save her from pneumonia.
At 8:30 to-night Mr. Doubleday came
down from the Kipling apartments :
and said that the patient was making ;
rapid improvement. - V V.
"Dr. Janeway will not come back to ;
the hotel to-night," said Mr. Double- |
day. "There is no reason why he i
should. Mr. Kipling is making such
progress that Dr. Janeway's continued
presence is unnecessary."
INVESTIGATION OF THE
SHOOTING OF KISHMOTO
Yolo County Officers Insist That
Japanese Accuse Whites in Or
der to Shield Themselves.
"WOODLAND. March Attorney R. E.
H. Epsey and H. Fumikura, a representa
tive of the Japanese Consul at San Fran- j
Cisco, returned to this city from Blacks j
Wednesday evening, where they went to |
make an investigation of the shooting
of the Jap named Kishmoto. Upon their
return Epsey stated that the matter had
been investigated thoroughly and he is
convinced that the story that two white
men did the shooting is true.
In details the particulars gained by the
recent investigation differ' to some extent
from the account published at the time
of the shooting. According to the later
story it seems that Kishmoto heard a
noise outside the cabin and got out of bed
to investigate. He saw nothing and re
turned. Ho was followed into the cabin
by two white men. who, either because
they thought he would resist or for the
purpose of intimidation, shot him, the j
bullet taking effect in the shoulder. This j
aroused all the Japs and they were hud
dled together and one man covered them
with a pistol while the other searched
their personal effects. This job being
over the two men left the cabin and
quickly disappeared in the darkness.'
This last Investigation was probably in
stituted with a view of making the de- ,
velopments a basis for a claim for dam
ages. The county officers and Mr. How- :
ard still adhere to the theory that the |
shooting was the result of a row among :
the Japs and that the robbery story is a
pure invention to shield one of their num
ber from the consequences of his crime. |
TERRIBLY BURNED BY
A GASOLINE STOVE
LOS ANGELES. March 2.— M. Jones,
a well-known business man of this city,
was horribly burned about the face and
head this morning while in the act of
filling a lighted gasoline stove. That he
was not burned to death and his home de
stroyed by fire was due. to the heroism of
Mrs. Jones and her mother, Mrs. Van
Sickles.
Mrs. Jones was aroused by a piercing
shriek, and, rushing into the kitchen,
found her husband's clothes enveloped In
flames. She secured a blanket and threw
it over him, and Mrs. Van Sickles seized
a pail of water and helped extinguish the
flames. _____
Jones was horribly burned about the
face and neck, and his condition is pre
carious. A strange feature of the accident
is that Jones- is a dealer in oils.
WATER ALIVE WITH SARDINES.
Run of the Shining ■ Mites in Mon-
terey Bay.
MONTEREY, March 2.— An extraordi
nary run of sardines has existed in Mon
terey Bay for the past two days, especi
ally in the immediate vicinity of Mon
terey. The shiny mites are here in such
enormous quantities that the water ap
pears literally alive with them in num
bers of spots of several feet in diameter,
and fishermen say they can be dipped up
without difficulty with hand nets, Large
shipments are being made to the various
California markets. This run of sardines
presages a like good riyt of salmon, whose
natural prey the sardines are, and sports
men as well as the professional fishermen
hereabouts are anticipating a fine busi
ness before the close of the week.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j__bb___________ mmr t"*w imiiMlAMm ™m
\|J» ®!_-__!_. J/J i
u» ■^j CCL .____ mil
$40.
One Grade Only— THE HIGHEST. \
QCQC Sold since 1899 price was * "
_ ZuZO nounced. "Popular because at
a they are RIGHT." |
I TEOS. H. B. VARNEY, Market & 10th, I
m SAN" FRANCISCO. •
■ Open Wednesday and Saturday Evening-. ■
Use f*% Use
Woodbury's \f*% Woodbury's
Facial Soap. -^ r Facial Cream.
Strictly antiseptic and purifying. Unequalled
for both bath and nursery. Makes the skin
soft, smooth and white. Send 10 cents for
Beauty Book, and receive samples of each.
free. JOHN H. WOODBURY. 26 W. 2Sd »_..
New York, and 163 State St.. Chicago.
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
ftroagr AMer-lon- as to Jnat What
the Remedies Will Do.
fMunj-on _aarant-e_
ifrMtJ *_M "^_ that bis Rheumatism
j__HSft_Pf_|^_L Cure will cure nearly
gjjgjß all cases of rheuma-
mSf^^^^'^mSb tism In a few hours;
Hfcj/ TTT-T *** at ''•''"' Dyspepsia Cur-
•eXk __5i I ''* cure Indigestion and
2_9 _____,___3__P all stomach troubles;
rf **W *Sr-___F that bis Kidney Cure.
\' HP B_^J will cure 90 per cent.
\. y__s_»_r * all cases of kidney
\ _. 3___! trouble; that his Ca-
J__r nmmßß tarrh Cure will eura
</r^*-_f*-TrT_h catarrh no matter how
_-l*§_W^t3s^__^ long standing; tbat bis
IrawMnpH Headache Cure will cur*
vA any kind of headache la
F* a few minutes; that
I * his Cold Cure will
quickly break up any
ttrm of cold and so on through the entire list of
remedies. At all druggists, 25 cents a Tlal. •---.'.. :
If you need medical advice write Prof. Munyon,
ICO- Arch at.. Phila. It la absolutely free.
Doctor
is? *^£&sljo\ Specialists for Men
-'r^ iC^^ajm *^^^ i "" ** Pi , *" , ' c '* * "*»"■• been
V. __T l^__^ v§_**^^rißß wcak-ras and coa-
\* _V(a I » \SB u^ eted ailment* since ISM.
Xyfffe I _/s«_«"i__ '*•*' have the largest and
IMflSte I J-W"T_M_l t v *' ,t ey*"!'!'*' l * rue<l"cal ln-
-^- \ -4*fil' & x *\ j F £_A3t^" t - tntlon . and th * *"°"* ex *
_^ i __]K**_Stf-^*tw^_V^ tensive practice in the L*. _.
li«J^^__^lw^/_-' Ko^nXlCiired.
*^_T*v v A l_H 4 rnfortunat* men who can-
JgiS^^V JVj_l_l_*_'„s_ . not call should write for ad-
CSTABLISHEO 17 YEARS. _ ALL FREE
Thousands cured at boniei
All letters confidential. >'o Charge for Consultation.
731 MARKET ST., } Klevater Entranca.
I 01 SAA* FKAXCISCO J Elevator Entranca. .
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
is a powerful aphrodislne and specific tonio
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
eexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and- bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on . Its owa
Merita; no winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS _ BRUNE. Agents.
__. Market street. 3. P.— (Send for Circular.)
NER VITA a
JtgSSßfo ■■__■ AND MANHOOD
eKS_*w^j Cures Imp-tcncy Night Emissions and waiting
HZj&^ps diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
aKj ,_y| indiscretion. A nervtMonic and blood-builder.
> T& •"•sWr*' Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and rev
__X*-___/ stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
<W£_^s>l_ ben 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
J*j3S^*»S^t guarantee to cure or refund the money.
Rfrvit- medics! Co.. CKnton A .acbon $ts., Gbiagj.
WALLER BROS.. 33 Grant ave., San Francisco.
t- . raoToei-nrre ■H B BE**- fS □ 0 f*.
iSs_aiS_?!_?__| THE NEW
I-tDar. ___sV_a^_a 'VL U Sg} CD CUI- H
ttrnr ioth Day. <->» y f J_ £, 1 1 W -B i a
YITALSS ■**» SJ R__M_-5_Y
PRODI ( THE ABOTk 3Cth Day. _■___■ __H I1 1
Rr>l I.TS. It., .... . _ -:rr!vrcmove»?*crvo_sne»«. Impotency,
Itightly Emissions, Evil Dreams astir, Diseases and all e_e-_
of self-abnse or excess an i Indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consnmp.
Hon. Cures when all others fail. Insist on ha-irur VITALIS,
no other. Can be carried in the ve «t pocket.' By mail 4>1.0v
rer package or six for 95.00 with .i gnarantee to Care or
Refund the Monet. Clrealar Free. Address
MALUM CURE CO.. BS4 Dearborn St., Chieag*
Sold by Owl Drag Co.. S. P. and Oakland.
-ErIIERCES
___^ FAVORITE
Irescriphon
A fOR WEAK WOWIEW.
DR.MCNULTY.
-lIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
_. ; -i peci_lifit cure* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases Oi Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over '-Oy'rs' experience.
Patients en rpdftt Home. Terms rensonablp. Hours!)
to3 daily; ft.30 to 8:30 ev'gs. Sniit!avB,lotnl_.C'onsnl-
tation free and sacredly confidential. (.'all or address
P. _MM_C_»_S lIcMLTY, M.D.
20' 2 ' Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
X>TT _-XJI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JjAIU OilLO en - bootblacks, bath-
_, houses.- billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmlils. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters. . shoe factories.
itablemen. tar-»-0.->'er«. tanners, tailors, etc .
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacraments 9t
____D__________B____________-__w___B*a__a»
34
JAPAN SEIZES
ARMS SHIPPED
TO AGUINALDO
Serious Blow to the Cause
of the Rebels.
Special cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyright, 1899,
by James Gordon Bennett.
5 MANILA, March 3.— It : is reported here that a steamer +
° with 20,000 stands of arms and ammunition, which were °
+ bound for the Philippines, has been seized in Japanese waters +
♦ by the Japanese authorities. +
MANILA, March 2.— Aguinaldo's
army is disheartened as the re
sult of recent actions. Many
companies of the insurgents
have retired from the field
because their officers sulked, and
would not lead. their men.
One hundred Filipinos ran forward
toward the American lines one day re
cently, shouting: "We don't want any
more fight. Viva los Americanos."
The local press comments on Gen
eral rtios' failure to obtain the liberty
of the Spanish prisoners. Aguinaldo
refuses to liberate the priests unless
they give up their landed estates, and
he also imposes the condition that the
Pope shall recognize the full rights of
the native clergy who, because of their
rebellious attitude toward their su
periors are liable to excommunication.
The latest news from Cebu is good.
The natives are returning to the town
and coolies are now willing to work at
reasonable wages. Under the native
government they asked double pay.
Vessels are loading ana business has
been resumed.
Influential natives of the islands of
Malate and Ticao request General Otis
to send troops there. They say that
200 men could easily subdue the rebels.
The inhabitants are peaceable and are
disgusted with the extortions of three
successive native governors.
The two islands contain 80.000 head
of cattle, which constitute the food
supply of the rebel army of the south.
This is the hottest day of , the season,
but fortunately all is quiet inside and
outside the American lines, and the
majority of the men are kept in the
shade.
The United States transport Morgan
City has arrived here. The wives of
the officers and other women passen
gers were not allowed to land, the au
thorities considering the conditions
ashore too unsettled.
The outposts beyond San Pedro Ma
cate were fired upon by the rebels from
the walls of the Guadalupe church.
A gunboat advanced 300 yards beyond
the lines and cleared away the enemy
with Catlings. No casualties are re
ported. ,
General Miller has . been ordered to
quarter his troops in lloilo in the cus
tom house or other public buildings
and authorized to make the necessary
changes at a cost not to exceed $40,000.
the same to be met from the public
revenues collected in lloilo.
_ _»
WHY GERMANS ARE LEFT
TO AMERICAN PROTECTION
BERLIN, March 2.— A high German
authority, who prefers to be nameless,
assures the correspondent here of the
Associated Press that the motives
which induced Germany to intrust the
protection of Germans in the Philip
pine Islands are simple. The Kaiserin
Augusta and other German warships in
the Far East are needed in Chinese
waters, owing to the recent disturb
ances, and Germany feels that German
Interests are safe under, the protection
of Americans. This implies, of course,
a high compliment to the United States,
but it is only in consonance with sev
eral previous declarations made by
Baron yon Bulow, the German Minister
of Foreign Affairs.
Regarding Samoa, the same high Ger
man authority said Germany was
awaiting the initiative of the other
powers. If the division of the islands
is to be carried out the officials of the
German Navy Department say the Ger
man third-class cruiser Falke will be
relieved by the German fourth-class
cruiser Sperber. The new German gun
boat Yagur is going to China, making
a total of twenty-five German war
ships on foreign service.
ADDITIONAL REGULARS
ORDERED TO MANILA
WASHINGTON, March The Sec
retary of War has just ordered the re
inforcement of General Otis by six reg
iments. These are the Sixth Infantry,
now at San Antonio; the Sixth Artil
lery, scattered along the Atlantic Coast
stations; the Ninth Infantry, at Madi
son Barracks; Thirteenth Infantry, in
New York State; Twenty-first Infantry,
at Plattsburg, N. V., and the Sixteenth
Infantry, at Fort Crook and neighbor
ing posts in the Middle .West. These
l\% _r^a
Pears'
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists all sorts of people use it.
regiments have been ordered to make
ready to proceed to San Francisco and
thence to Manila.
In answer to the direct question as to |
whether or not the regular troops are I
intended to relieve a corresponding I
number of volunteer soldiers at Ma- I
nila it was paid at the "War Department j
that while this probably would be the j
case it was not possible yet to make a -
positive statement. This means that if
when the reinforcements arrive at Ma
nila the conditions are satisfactory the
volunteers will be brought home, but
if Otis shall have need for all of the
combined force then they must wait.
The reinforcements are made up of
troops who are not only regulars in the
full sense of the term, but who have i
been through the Cuban or Porto Rican
campaigns. They know what it is to
be under fire; how to hunt Indians and
also how to fight in tropical jungles. I
With them replacing the same number
of volunteers General Otis will have a j
majority of regulars in his command,
something the War Department has
earnestly desired to bring about at the
earliest possible moment. The posi
tion of the American commander at '
Manila also will be safeguarded against
the effect of a sudden and forced dis
charge of volunteers by the ratification
of the peace treaty.
DEWEY WANTS THE
SMALLER GUNBOATS
WASHINGTON, March 2.— Admiral
Dewey is again pressing on the Navy
Department the urgent need of vessels
of light draft as a means of communi
cation between the small islands of the
Philippine group. , To this end the gun
boat Vixen, which figured bravely for
j a vessel of her light caliber at the out
| set of the Cuban campaign, has been
; ordered to be immediately fitted out at
I the Norfolk navy yard for sailing for
Manila. This will take about a month,
i and it probably will be three or four
| months before she joins Dewey's fleet-
I Besides the Concord, which is perhaps
I too large to be classified as one of the
I small craft, the only light vessel now in
! the Philippines available for running
I about in those waters are the Petrel
\ and the Helena. The Castine and the
Princeton are now speeding in that di
rection, but the small craft equipment
I there will still be inadequate. The de
j partment is anxious to afford Admiral
; Dewey all the assistance possible. He
; has repeatedly called attention to the
great importance of this work and has
I emphasized the fact that it is light ves
sels, fit to skirmish about in the shal
low waters and to run in and out of
I harbors where the larger ones would
be useless, that he wants rather than
i the heavier types. ;'.i
ADDITIONAL CASUALTIES
AMONG TROOPS AT MANILA
WASHINGTON, March The fol
lowing bulletin was posted at the War
Department to : day:
"MANILA, March Adjutant Gen
eral, Washington: Casualties near
Caloocan— First South Dakota. Feb
ruary 27, Company B, Private Norman
H. Betman, severely; Company L, Ser
geant Robert B. Ross, scalp, slight.
Twentieth Kansas, February 28, Com
pany G, Captain David Elliott, killed.
First Montana, February 28, Company
A, Private Alvin F. Pletner. shoulder,
slight; Company X,. Howard L. Tan
ner, thigh, moderate; Company M,
William J. Christy, hand, slight. Near
San Pedro Macati— First California.
February 28, Company F, Private Ar
thur M. Smith, neck, severe: Company
X, Harold E. Parks, arm, slight. First
Washington, March 1, Company C,
Corporal Alfred B. Yelchert, shoulder,
moderate; Private Herbert L. Osborne,
chest, severe. Chaplain Lewis J. Le
land. First Tennessee, died at Hollo
February 26, smallpox. . OTIS."
I —
TOWNSEND MAY BE
MINISTER TO SPAIN
NEW YORK, March 2.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel
egraphs: Believing Spain will soon rat
ify the peace treaty, President McKin
ley is considering the appointment of a
Minister to Spain. Information ob
tained to-day indicates that the ap
pointment will probably be given to
Lawrence Townsend, now Minister to
Portugal. He has had considerable dip
lomatic experience, having been secre
tary to the American legation at Vien
na before his appointment to Portugal.
It is not intended to accredit the Min
ister to Spain until after the ratifica
tions of the treaty have been exchanged
in Washington.
TRANSPORT SHERMAN HAS
REACHED PERIM ISLAND
-.ISLAND OF PERIM, Straits of Bab-
El-Ma nrleb. March 2.— The United- States
transport Sherman? arrived here yesterday
on her way to. Manila. The Sherman left
New York on February 3, and has on
board the Third Infantry of regulars and
one battalion of the Seventeenth Infantry.
DEWEY WILL BE
AN ADMIRAL TO-DAY
WASHINGTON, March 2.— The com
mission of George Dewey, to be. an ad
miral in the navy, has been made out
at the Navy Department and sent to
the White House to' be in readiness
when the bill creating the office of ad
miral is signed by the President. It is
said here to-night that the bill will be
signed and the admiral notified by cable
of his promotion to-morrow.
REBELS TAKE NO
AMERICAN PRISONERS
WASHINGTON, March The War
Department officials pronounce absurd
the characteristic Filipino Junta story
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 3. 1899.
to the effect that Aguinaldo has taken
several hundred American soldiers
prisoners and removed them to the in
terior. As a matter of fact, General
Otis' bulletins have accounted for
every man in the American army at
Manila, and there is not on record a
single case missing. Secretary Alger
has brought the report to the attention
of General Otis with a view to securing
the most specific denial.
INSANE PATIENTS
TO WORK A FARM
Innovation at Stockton for Which the
Legislature May Grant an
Appropriation.
STOCKTON, March What kind of
farmers will the patients of an insane
asylum make? That is the question which
arises with the announcement that a
truck farm is to be operated in connec
tion with the big asylum at this place.
The board of managers has reason to ex
pect favorable action this week by the
Legislature on its request for an appro
priation with which to purchase land to
undertake this novel venture. It will be
an innovation which will be closely
watched by other institutions of the kind
throughout the land and by those who
wish to see State institutions put as near
1 as possible upon a self-sustaining oasis.
The tract of land it is proposed to pur
i chase is on. the San Joaquin River, five
; miles from the asylum. It is ferine and
we'll adapted in every way for truck farm
• ing. There are about 100 acres in the
i farm. It was impossible to procure land
: adjoining the asylum property, as it is
'■ all within the city limits, and town lots |
, would be rather expensive even for a ricn
State to experiment upon.
The working force to the number of ,
about 100 a day is to be conveyed to the
I farm every morning and returned in good
! season to the asylum, and eventually,
' when the North-street canal is opened to
I the river, the farm may be reached by the
I water route, as the canal runs along the
\ northern boundary of the asylum grounds
There are about 300 men of young and
medium age, physical strength and light ;
mental maladies who will be available for
the work, Experience around the grounds
■ has demonstrated that considerable work
can be got out of the patients as in
nearly every instance they are daft on
' Snly one or two subjects. They are
i whimsical about their work, hut what the
'■ overseer lacks in quality he will have in
quantity. Many of the patients are pos-
I sessed of a distinct aversion to work and
i of enough cunning to refuse to labor on
the ground that they are Patients and.
I cannot be forced to do so. There is said
to be some legal merit in this contention
but diplomacy is all-effective in dealing
\ with this class of unfortunates Y\ her i a
i strike seemed to be imminent the induce
ment of extra tobacco was held out as an
l incentive for industry among those af
flicted with laziness. Tobacco generally
; had the desired effect, and the 'kickers
: would resume their spasmodic efforts at
The" idea of taking 100 crazy men through
the city and working them in the open is
not relished by those who reside near the
farm, or even in this city; but the board
of managers will probably surround them
j with such safeguards as to obviate any
excuse for a public protest. The under
taking is at best an experiment, and no
one except a few of the asylum directors
seems anticipate that the farm will
reduce the asylum expenses to any notice
able degree. The only benefit will be in
supplying work for patients. The physi
cians, as a result of experience and ob
! servation, have found that work has been
beneficial in many cases that have come
tinder their care. But the experiment
from a financial point of view, is at least
I worth watching.
THE PLANET JUPITER'S
ERRATIC MOVEMENTS
Professor George W. Hough Thinks
He Has Made an Important
Discovery.
CHICAGO, March 2.— Professor George
W Hough, the astronomer at the Dear
born Observatory in Evanston, has made
public a new discovery in regard to the
surface rotations of the planet Jupiter,
which is completely at variance with the
existing belief. It is the general tenet of
astronomers, and the statements are em
bodied In the most recent textbooks on
the science, that the surface rotation of
the planet Jupiter is similar to that of
the sun, being quickest near the equator
and slowest in the high latitudes near the
P ln his conclusions, based on a long rec
ord of observations extending over
twenty years, and which he has just com
pleted, Professor Hough announces his
belief that the surface of the planet Ju
piter rotates upon its axis in separate en
velopes or strata.
Professor Hough further discovered In
the long series of observations that the
spots shift- in longitude, besides having
a rotary movement, and this also sup
ports the ring or strata theory, strength
ening Professor Hough's belief of many
years that Jupiter is in a gaseous or plas
tic state. -
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
INDIANS DESTITUTE
Driven Back by Civilization, Many
Are Now Sick and on the
Verge of Starvation.
LOS ANGELES, March. 2.— A.
Wright, chief Indian Agent for the South
ern California Indians., says that the In
dians of Southern California are in desti
tute circumstances.
"Something must be done, that is all,"
declares Mr. Wright. "The Indians have
never had such a year before. They
need clothes and food, and many are sick,
some having consumption. Once they had
the best in the land. Now they have the
worst. They are driven to the rocks and
mountains. They have hitherto con
trived to live on beans and acorns, but
civilization has encroached upon them
and unless it rains very soon their little
garden truck will amount to nothifig, and
they cannot find work. There has not
been a case of smallpox among the In
dians of Southern California."
Met Cleveland and Fighting Bob.
WASHINGTON, March 2.— Hon. Grover
Cleveland passed through Washington
this afternoon, bound for the South on. a
duck shooting expedition. He is accom
panied by Robley D.- Evans (Fighting
Bob). ' John D. Spreckels and ex-Senator
Felton were at the Pennsylvania Railway
station at the time and had the pleasure
of greeting the ex-President. Mr. Spreck
els and ex-Senator Felton left for Phila
delphia, where they will remain for sev
eral days, then proceed to New York and
thence to San Francisco.
Rainfall in Sonoma Valley.
SONOMA, March 2.— to noon to-day
nearly an inch of rain had fallen in this
valley during the present storm. This
afternoon a gentle rain again set in, with
•the prospect Of a heavy precipitation.
Farmers, fruit raisers and dairymen are
pleased with the prospects, which we.re
never, brighter in t- s valley in March.
Grain is growing rapidly, and there is
feed in plenty for stock. There will be a
good yield of fruit of all kinds, except
apricots, which were injured by last sea
son's drought. ,■•'•-.
Sundry Civil Bill Conference.
Washington; March 2.— 11 o'clock
to-night, when the conferees on the sun
dry civil appropriation bill adjourned,
they stated that they had not yet reached
a final agreement. They had, however,
cleared away many of the items of dis
agreement, although the most important
subjects, • including the Paris Exposition
and the Pacific cable, were still open.
For. Maher and McCoy.
PITTSBURG, March 2.— M. J. Connelly,
the manager of Peter Maher, the pugilist,
has received a telegram from the National
Athletic Club of San Francisco offering
$10,000 for a contest between Maher and
"Kid.- McCoy, to -, take . place in April.
Connelly has the matter under considera
tion. _ •; ■ ..-..._'
An Increase in Wages.
CHICAGO, March The American
Tinplate Company to-day. gave notice of
an increase in the wages in all its plants.
The men affected are those who have been
receiving less than $2 50 per day, the in
crease ranging from 5 to 10 per cent a day.
Fully 10,000 men will .'be benefited by the
advance. • * ■ . . .
LEO DID NOT
CONDEMN REAL
AMERICANISM
View Taken in Rome of the
Letter to Cardinal
Gibbons.
DUST CLEARED AWAY
Archbishop Ireland Rightly Inter
preted the Views of the
Sovereign Pontiff.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROME, March 2.-— The im
pression prevails here, now that
the dust has settled and things
can be plainly seen, that the
Pope's letter to Cardinal Gibbons
approves real "Americanism"
and condemns those who had
misrepresented it. The Pope col
lected, examined and definitely
repudiated all such misrepresen
tations.
Incidentally he believes that
the things so alleged never ex
isted in America, for the Ameri
can Bishops would have de
nounced them, and his Holiness
thus vindicates true "American
ism."
Archbishop Ireland's letter ap
pears to have emphasized the
Pope's views, and it is generally
understood that Cardinal Ram
polla, Papal Secretary of. State,
has assured him that the Pope
never condemned and never in
tended to condemn real "Ameri
canism," declaring also that
Archbishop Ireland had rightly
interpreted the views of the Pope,
and urged him to make this fact
known.
NICARAGUA INSURGENTS
ARE NOW DISPERSING
Cowed by the Joint Action of the
United States and England in
Sending War Vessels.
COLON, Colombia, March 2.— The United
States cruiser Detroit, Commander J. H.
Dayton, which arrived this afternoon
from Bluefields, Nicaragua, reports that
the presence and joint action there of the
United States gunboat Marietta, Com
mander Symonds, and the British cruiser
Intrepid, Captain Burr, have completely
cowed the Insurgents, who are rapidly dis
persing
The Marietta is still at Bluefields,
where everything was quiet when the De
troit left.
TO GOVERN WHEEL EVENTS.
Chairmen of Committees for the
American League.
PITTSBURG, March 2.— President Kee
nan of the L. A. W. has announced the
appointment of the chairmen of commit
tees of the League of American Wheel
men:
Racing Board— Fred Gerlach of Chicago.
Rights and Privileges— Conway W.
Sams of Baltimore.
Rules and Regulations — David J.
O'Brien of Omaha.
Membership— William A. Howell of
Rockvllle, Conn.
Chairman Gerlach has had two years'
experience as a member of the racing
board, and is considered as well equipped
for the important position which he is to
fill as is any member of the L. A. W.
He has always been an earnest champion
of the racing men.
Chairman Sams of the rights and privi
leges committees has been reappointed.
Howell has been promoted to the chair
manship from second place on the mem
bership committee. O'Brien is practically
new to league committee work, but is
one of the most active L. A. W. workers
in the West. Sams. Howell and O'Brien
are respectively chief consuls of the
Maryland, Connecticut and Nebraska di
visions of the L. A. W.
•»
CONFIRMED BY THE SENATE,
Approval of Selections Made by the
President for Federal Places.
WASHINGTON, March The . Senate
in executive session confirmed these nom
inations: '-■ : '. '::';
William Small, District of Columbia, to
be Consul at Collingwood, Ontario.
B. H. Sullivan of Plankington, S. D.,
Register of the Land Office at Peavy,
Alaska.
Roland C, Nichols of Wapakoneta,
Ohio, Receiver of Public Moneys at
Peavy, Alaska-
Postmasters: California— F. A. Egan,
Angels Camp; J. P. Leonard, Oroville;
O. K. Lincoln, Santa Cruz.
SUICIDE OF A YOUNG WOMAN.
While Delirious Prom Fever She
Jumps Into a Well.
BLACKS STATION, Cal., March 2.—
Miss Phille Kotterman, a young woman
20 years or age. residing with her parents
five miles west of this place, committed
suicide at 10 o'clock to-day by jumping
into an open well containing ten feet of
water. For the past few days she had
been suffering with fever, and while in a
delirious condition escaped from her
mother and committed the act.
ARRESTED FOR ARSON.
Two San Jose Men Accused of Burn-
ing a Grocery Store.
SAN. JOSE, March 2.— This afternoon
Frances Cassetti and G. Nocasata were
arrested by Chief Kidward on a charge of
arson, in having burned a grocery, corner
of Ninth and Julian streets, for the pur
pose of obtaining an insurance of $SOO on
the stock of goods which the men car
ried.
Winners at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS,. March 2.— Weather fine.
Track good.
Selling, six furlongs— Blossom won,
Nannie Davis second, Glenmoyne third. Time,
Six furlongs— won. Sir Florian second,
Danny H third. Time, 1:16.
Selling, mile and three-sixteenths— Sutton
won, Dalgrettl second, Gomez third. Time,
_ .04*-'..
Handicap, seven furlongs— Village Pride won,
Henry Launt second. Tabouret third. Time,
1:31. •
Selling, mile and twenty yards— B. Sack
won, Prince of • India second, Gallatin third.
Time, 1:46„..:
Selling, one mile— Sister Fox won, Bright
Night second, Ma Angelina third. Time, 1:44.
BLOWN TO PIECES
AND YET LIVES
Mangled Body of an Oregon
Farmer Found in the Ruins
of His Dwelling-
O PORTLAND, Or., March Silas Brady, who lives on a farm near O
© here, was fearfully mangled to-day in a dynamite explosion which re- ©
© duced his dwelling to ruins. About. 9 o'clock this morning a neighbor ©
© of Brady's heard a terrible explosion at the Brady 'residence, and on O
O going over to see what was the matter found the building in ruins and O
© Brady lying senseless among the debris. J*
© Brady has been blasting out stumps with dynamite, and had cvi- O
© dently been preparing cartridges for use, when in some way they were O
O exploded. His left arm was blown off and no part of it could be O
© found. His face and breast were filled with particles of dynamite and O
© both his eyes very badly injured. Four holes were blown in the walls O
O of the abdomen, two of them clear through. A hole was blown O
O through one foot and fragments of a stove were found driven into ©
© various parts of his body. **
O Dr. A. L. Saylor was summoned, and on his arrival it was decided O
O to bring Brady to this city on the train, and he was taken to the Good ©
O 'Samaritan Hospital, where the stump of his left arm was amputated O
O and his other injuries attended to. ©
O He was able to talk a little this evening, but could not give any ©
O connected statement as to the cause of the accident. His chances for O
O recovery are very slim. ®
O It is supposed that he was adjusting fuses to cartridges of dyna- O
© mite, preparatory to taking them out to put under a stump, when in O
© some way they were exploded. As the left hand was blown clean O
© away It Is probable he was holding the cartridges in that hand while O
© he worked on them. , ©
O ©
0000000000000000000000000000000000
COULDN'T SEARCH
FOR PROF. ARDREE
Return of Noted French
Aeronauts.
CONDITIONS NOT FAVORABLE
DR. TERWAYNE CONTEMPLATES
A NEW VENTURE.
With His Associates He Will At
tempt to Reproduce Dawson
City at the Paris Ex
position.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 2.— Among
the recent arrivals in this city from
Dawson are three of more than ordi
nary interest. They are Count E. de
Rouloux, M. P. E. de Vick and Dr.
Terwayne, a party, of noted Parisian
aeronauts and scientists, who went
north about a year ago, having an
idea of attempting an aerial voyage
into the polar regions in search of An
dree. They left the balloon in Van
couver (it was afterwards sold to the
United States for war purposes and
was used during the unpleasantness
with Spain), and went north to famil
iarize themselves with the conditions
existing in the Yukon Valley.
To The Call correspondent Dr. Ter
wayne explained that he very soon
abandoned the idea he had formulated,
first because of the difficulty of obtain
ing the necessary chemicals for the
manufacture of the inflating gas, and
principally because the climatic con
ditions were distinctly unfavorable for
aerial navigation. An ascent would be
impossible at Skaguay because of the
prevalence of contrary winds, and in
the passes it would be too dangerous
for similar reasons. Further north th?
entire absence of wind prevented any
possibility of success, and so the doctor
was compelled to reluctantly abandon
his cherished enterprise.
Arriving at Skaguay on his return
journey Dr. Terwayne received the-in
telligence of Andree's remains having
been found, and he congratulated him
self and companions upon the fact
that they had not braved the same
fate upon what would have proved a
hopeless quest.
Dr. Terwayne is nothing if not orig
inal. He has conceived a scheme dar
ing in its originality and magnificent
in its possibilities. It is nothing more
nor less than an imitation of the Klon
dike in Paris, and the doctor is has
tening as fast as steam can take him
to the French metropolis to arrange, if
possible, for the necessary space
either in the exposition grounds or ad
jacent thereto.
Interested in the scheme are some of
the millionaires of Dawson, and money
is the least momentous consideration
to the enthusiastic and vivacious
Frenchman. The plan is to construct a
replica of Dawson's main street— log
cabins, dance halls and all— people it
with genuine Klondikers. and also to
show an actual representation of the
mining operations as carried on along
the creeks. There would be so much
realism about It that gold dust would
be scattered about and be washed up
In orthodox fashion, and as far as pos
sible the scenery of the Klondike cap
ital would be duplicated.
"Of course," said Dr. Terwayne. "it
Is uncertain. It is possible though,
and if I can get the ground I shall
show the Parisians what Dawson Is
like." i --M
"You can tell the readers of The
Call," continued the doctor, "that there
will be an epidemic in Dawson this year;
they care for nothing but money, and
all the filth is allowed to remain on the
streets is horrible. And I can also
tell you that men in Dawson are not
earning the money they were. Many
will work for little more than a living,
but there is little work doing, and I was
paying the highest wages to my party
of any employer, 85 cents per hour. The
royalty is made the excuse for suspend
ing work on many claims, the men
thinking it will be taken off.
"I can give you some news that will
Interest Californians," said the doctor.
"The Berry Brothers, who hail from
there,. were in danger of losing their
rich claims on El Dorado. The claims
are very valuable and they were taking
out over $150,000 a season. The lease
lapsed some time ago and by a mis
take in the date they failed to renew it
until one day after the. time allowed..
In the meantime an intimate friend
who knew the workings of the claim
stepped in and jumped it. The brothers
protested, but the Dawson courts held
that the jumping was quite legal and
the owners had to pay $40,000 to get
their property back. '■[:;.
Nehraaka's Deadlock.
LINCOLN, Nebr., March 2.— The Re
publican Senatorial caucus has developed
into a deadlock seemingly as tight as the
legislative contest. The twelfth ballot
taken to-night, being the thirty-sixth in
all, showed no material change from the
first one of last night. The thirty-sixth
ballot resulted: Hay ward 38, Thompson
15, Webster 9, Field 6, Lambertson 2,
Halner 1, Weston L.
ALTON RAILROAD
SOLO TO COULD
Through Trains From
Sea to Sea.
MEANING OF THE DEAL
VANDERBILTS INTERESTED IN
THE SCHEME. .
There Will Be Trouble in Store
Now for All of the
Great Transcontinental
Roads.
Sr-ctal Dispatch to The Call.
' CHICAGO, March 2.— John J. Mitch
ell, president of the Illinois Trust and
Savings Bank, upon receiving word
from New York that a majority of the
stock of the Chicago and Alton had
been deposited with the United States
Trust Company, and that pledges had
been given for the deposit of many
more shares, gave out to-day the mem
bers of the purchasing syndicate. They
are George Gould, president of the
Missouri Pacific; Jacob Schiff. chair
man of the board of ' the Baltimore'
and Ohio; James Stillman. president
of the National City Bank of New
York, representing the Rockefeller
holdings in the Missouri, Kansas and
Texas, and E. H. Harriman. chairman
of the board of the Union Pacific, rep
resenting the Vanderbilt interests.
Harriman is also understood to rep
resent to some extent the Illinois Cen
tral road, which is indirectly interested
in the deal. Beyond the expenditure
of $3,000,000 for the improvement of the
property generally, and another $2,000,
--000 which is to be set aside for the work
of elevating the tracks of the company
at Chicago, it is understood that the
syndicate has not yet made any defi
nite plans for the future management
of the road. Mr. Blackstone will prob
ably retire from the presidency, and
Vice President and General Manager
Chappell may succeed him. Mr. Black
stone was offered the chairmanship of
the executive committee, but declined
It. The other officials of the company
will, it is understood, retain their pres
ent positions. v." .
Chief among the men who owned and
have sold the road were Marshall Field,
A. C. Bartlett, A. A. Sprague and John
J. Mitchell.
The price paid, counting in the bond
ed debt, is $74,505,676.
With the tidings of the consumma
tion of the deal came the report that
the new owners of the Alton would sell
its share in the Union Depot Company,
owning the Union Depot terminals at
Adams street, and would become les
sees of the Chicago Railway Terminal
Company, with its passenger station at
Harrison street and Fifth avenue.
The purchaser of the Alton's share
in the Union depot, according to the
report, will be the Pennsylvania. The
latter road wants this terminal for its
Panhandle line. . ,7V ;;;:.. 1
The sale of the Alton will, it is said,
have a far-reaching effect on the rail
road business of the entire country.
Transcontinental trains running from
tidewater to tidewater Without change
and without breaking up, even at Chi
cago or St. Louis, are now a probabil
ity. , . • .-■^■ :
ATTEMPT TO AMALGAMATE
WAS NOT SUCCESSFUL
General Conference of the National
Reform arty Concludes Its
-r _.
Labors.
CINCINNATI, March The general
conference of the National Reform party
concluded Its work to-day at noon. Its
organization preparatory to nominating
an independent Presidential ticket next
year will be completed when its national
executive committee meets at Buffalo
June 29. The effort to amalgamate the
Populists, Silver Republican. Socialist
Labor party, the National Liberty party
and other scattering elements was not
successful. There were only 154 delegates
present, representing fifteen States. Joel
Parker of the Texas Press Reform Asso
ciation and Dr. H. A. Thompson, a lead
ing prohibitionist, and other leading re
formers who participated yesterday, were
not present to-day and the advocates of
amalgamation freely expressed their dis
appointment over the results of the gen
eral conference, i &
CANNING THE ABALONE.
Plans to Develop the Industry at
Monterey.
MONTEREY, March 2.-J. W. Gayetty
representing the Abalone Food Company
of Oakland, has been In Monterey for the
past two weeks preparing to establish an
abalone company. The company proposes
removing its cannery from Oakland If to
Monterey, In order to be near the base
of supply. The large quantity of abalone
caught here at all times make °Mon?erey
a particularly advantageous point for
such an Industry. A $5000 plant is to be
erected and to be ready for operation
j thin thirty days. The abalone meat
ma_i__ ; §_?££_."* the sheiis used &
LABRADOR LOST
ON SCOTCH COAST
All the Passengers Reach
the Shore.
AGONCILLO AMONG THEM
BEHAVES LIKE A COWARD
WHEN SHE STRIKES.
It Is Probable That the Vessel and
Her Cargo Will Prove
to Be a Total
Loss. / —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOBERMORY, Scotland, March 2.—
The Dominion line steamship Labrador,
from St. John, N. 8., for Liverpool, ran
ashore about four miles from Skerry
vore on Wednesday morning. Captain
Erskine, her commander, has sent the
following dispatch to the agents of the
steamship at Liverpool:
"Labrador ran on Mackenzie Rock in
a thick fog at 7 o'clock yesterday morn
ing, four miles from Skerryvore. The
ship was caught amidships, the seas
breaking over. Holds Nos. 1, 2 and 3
were soon full of water. The passen
gers and crew were saved in the boats.
One boatload was landed at Skerry
| lighthouse. The German steamship
| Viking picked up the remainder. No
I steamship is obtainable to return for
! the passengers. If the ship is not broken
up will endeavor to save the mails
when a steamship Is obtained."
The Labrador had a good passage un
til Sunday, when she entered a fog
bank and lost her bearings.' Skerry
vore light was mistaken for Inistrahull
light, on the north of Ireland. Most of
the passengers were still in bed when
the steamship struck and there was
much excitement, but the passengers
were calmed by the assurances of the
captain, the boats were lowered with
i out a hitch and all on board left the
steamship in safety. _■;''. >-'_
The passengers and crew lost every
thing they possessed. The women and
children were put in the first boat and
the other passengers in the. second
boat. The crew of the Labrador took
the other boats. > ••■-;■ -.
After three and a half hours the boats
met the steamship Viking from Nor
way, which took them on board.
W hen the Labrador was last seen she
was settling down by the stern. The
passengers of the wrecked steamship
are full of praise for the Labrador's
officers and crew and for the conduct
of the captain of the Viking.
Agoncillo, the Filipino representative,
who ran away from the United States
on the outbreak of hostilities at Ma
nila, was a passenger on the Labrador,
and behaved like an arrant coward
when the vessel struck.
OBAN, March 2.— half dozen of the
rescued passengers of the Labrador
have arrived here. All speak of the
suddenness and completeness of the
disaster. One lady was obliged to leave
jewelry worth $3000 behind her, and an
other "passenger, a man, left $1500 in
cash.
The lighthouse steamer left Oban this
afternoon to try to take off the passen
. gers imprisoned in . the - Skerryvore
lighthouse and to salvage the mails.
CAUGHT AT SACRAMENTO.
Close of the Tour of Two Bold Bicycle
Thieves.
SACRAMENTO, March Frank Ster
ling and Charles T. Randell are behind the
bars here for stealing a 'bicycle. They
were among a gang who deserted from
Mare Island on February 19 and set out
from San Francisco on bicycle stealing
tours. They stole two wheels from a cy
clery near Goiden Gate Park and sold
them in San Jose. They stole two wheels
in Santa Cruz and sold them in Watson
ville, returned to San Francisco, rented
two wheels and pawned them. In Oak
land they stole two more and then came
to Sacramento. They stole a wheel here
yesterday and were arrested to-day. Ster
ling made the confession.
HEART WEAKNESS. •;
Is your heart weak? Do you have the
symptoms of heart weakness? If you
have, you should be careful. The heart
is the most vital organ of the body. It is
he engine that propels the muscles and
•ends sustenance to the nerves and brain
and to all the organs of the body. A
Haw in its mechanism is certain to give
rise to serious results. Weakness denotes
the presence of a flaw. It is a fore-
runner of some-
/ — -jrv thing more serious
f //*"*v_l that is to occur.
. lot? See that }t ls
y^ "^Ja strengthened and
KkJWQQ' do not allow the
X^-_- jr weakness to con-
I s _/| tinue. You are the
I I engineer. Look to
J V your engine. See
-_^^ > '»_. that no accident
f >. occurs. HUDYAN
/ \ Is what you need.
' HUDYAN will
\ / strengthen . the
1 ' ~ 'i heart, HUDYAN
A © /\ will make the
.' ' I heart muscles
Of strong and hard.
/ Do not delay too
I long. Remember
-» \ that danger 'Is
I \ ahead and begin
the use of HUD-
YAN now.
HERE ARE THE SYMPTOMS :
1-2. THROBBING IN THE TEMPLES
WHEN LYING DOWN.. HUDYAN will
cause the throbbing to disappear.
3-6. RINGING IN THE EARS— to an
excessive amount of blood in the' head
and brain. HUDYAN stops the ringing
and buzzing in a short time.
4-5. ALTERNATE PALENESS AND
FLUSHING OF THE CHEEKS. HUD-
YAN will restore the circulation of the
blood to Its normal condition and keep a
constant, healthy color in the cheeks.
7. PALPITATION OF THE HEART
AND IRREGULAR BEATING. Owing to
the weakness, there is often a fluttering
and the miss of a beat occasionally.
HUDYAN, by strengthening the heart
muscles and the nerves that supply it,
will stop the palpitation and fluttering
and cause the heart to beat regularly.
8. THROBBING IN THE STOMACH
REGION. This is due to the aorta, the
large vessel which carries the blood from
the heart, becoming distended. " This
throbbing and pulsating disappear shortly
after the use of HUDYAN.
The remedy is at hand. It is the wonder-
ful HUDYAN. Thousands have been
cured of Heart Weakness by Its use. You
should be cured, too. You can be cured.
HUDYAN will cure you. .rrocure HUD-
. JAN from your druggist. It Is sold in all
drugstores for 50c per package, or 6
packages for $2 50. If your druggist does
not keep it, send direct to the HUDYAN
REMEDY COMPANY. San Francisco or
k5?« A Jlf_l ?;-P al * Consult the HUDYAN
DOCTORS FREE. You may call and see
them and have a free consultation^ It
you cannot call on the doctors, write to
them for advice. It will be given free
for the asking. Address
HUDYAN REMEDY COMPANY,
No. 816 South Broadway*
Los Angeles, Cal.
Ccr> Stockton, Market and Ellis Sfc_#
San Francisco, CaLNO AGREEMENT ON
LEGISLATION FOR
NICARAGUA CANAL
Senate and House Conferees
Struggling With River and
Harbor Bill.
WASHINGTON. March 2.— The river and harbor bill conferees ad
journed shortly after 10 o'clock to-night until tomorrow morning at 10,
having been unable to agree. Chairman Frye of the Senate conferees said:
"We have been unable to agree, so that is all there Is to say."
He was asked, "Is there any prospect of agreement?"
"I can't say," he replied. "it looks very dubious."
The conferees discussed the different propositions and counter proposi
tions which have been made regarding the Nicaragua canal bill, but upon
adjournment to-night the House conferees as a whole refuse to allow any
declaration for a Nicaragua canal in the bill although Burton is willing
to have a; declaration of policy and liberal appropriation for a commis
sion to select the best rout The Senate conferees offered a proposition
looking to an investigation of the best route, leaving the selection to a
mission, but insisting that provision should be made for beginning
work. Between the confer. there is still a wide difference and no mem
ber of the conference will predict an adjustment to-morrow.
Some of the big questions in the bill have been settled; The Senate pro
visions for the harbors at New York. Philadelphia and Baltimore will be
retained. There is a sharp fight over the reservoirs at the waters of
the Missouri River, the indications being that the Senate will yield. It was
also asserted that the House conferees refused to accept the Senate amend
ments for Improvements in Oregon, known as the Yaqulna Bay and Colum
bia River boat railway projects, and that they would have to be compro
mised.
The conference committee or. the river and harbor bill has agreed to the
appropriation for Aiviso harbor. This is gratifying to Congressman Loud,
who has been earnestly working to secure this item.
TROUBLE BREWS
AT SANTIAGO
A Climax Reached in
Affairs There.
EXPENDITURESARE CUT DOWN
COMPLICATIONS TO FOLLOW OR
DERS FROM HAVANA.
All Public Works in the Province
Must Cease, and Cubans Show
a Disposition to
Rebel.
___.„_ Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, March 2.— A j
climax has been reached In the affairs ,
cf Santiago. The estimates for Febru- ;
ary have been reduced from $70,000 to j
$''0,000 and amounts aggregating $50,000 i
expended last month have been disal- !
lowed by the authorities at Havana. j
General Leonard Wood. Military Gov- J
ernor. says it Is impossible to estimate!
exactly a month ahead, and thinks the ;
best plan would be to forward a cer- , j
tain percentage to Havana every j
month, the department commander J
having the privilege of using the bal- j
ance. subject to objection later, as un
der the present system it ls Impossible j
to run the government here. For the I
month of March all expenditures for j
the entire province must be kept within i
$10,000.
Even those Cubans who are most
friendly to the United States authori
ties pay this amount is less than was
allowed at any time under the Spanish ;
regime. In the opinion of others the
object of th- restriction is to discredit
the work already done here by throw
ing out of employment a large number
Of men and creating discontent and dis- ;
turbance. This is, of course, an alto- ;
gather erroneous assumption, but the
fact is that to-morrow more than TOO j
men will be out of work, a circumstance
generally recognized as a dangerous |
menace to nubile safety at just this |
Juncture and involving a large ad- j
ditional police force. me merchants ;
say it will necessitate the presence of
additional regiments, even if an msur- ,
rectlon does not finally result.
It is significant that the Cuban ex- j
tremists, who talk openly against
American rule, go about explaining !
how 5000 of their men properly^ armed j
could now gain possession of the pro
vince of Santiago in two days if the.
plan were properly arranged before
hand; The men who indulge in this
sort of bluster are mere nobodies, but
the fact that anybody will listen to j
them indicates the general discontent
born of these vexatious instructions
from Havana.
Even the Americans here cannot com
prehend what Havana hopes to achieve '
by bringing about a practical cessation j
of all public works in the largest pro
vince of Cuba, a province really. needing ]
more' in this line than any other. The j
air of anxiety, obvious in all the depart
ments show the apprehensions enter
tained of what ' must follow a public
announcement of the fact that all pub-
He works must cease. As a straw show-
In- ,>,„ way the wind is blowing, a
company of the Ninth Immune Regi
ment has been ordered into the city, j
This movement is probably connected i
with the expected trouble.
DANIEL STEWART'S
DEATH AT 10NE
Came to California in Early Days, j
Engaged in Mining and After
ward Became a Merchant.
IONE March 2 —Daniel Stewart, an old :
pioneer' and highly respected citizen of j
lone, died at his residence in this city
early Monday morning, after a brief ill-'
ness of twelve days. Daniel Stewart was
born in Mercer County. Pennsylvania, in
January IK4. and cat across the plains
to California in the summer of ISO and l
located in the mining camp of what Is ,
now the town of Jackson. Amador Coun
•v where he mined until the spring of
ife'L when he engaged in teaming for
Messrs. Boynton and McKim for a short
lime. In _852 he returned to Pennsylva
nia, and again In 1853 came back to Cali
fornia with his family and "led in the
young mining town of lone, "where be en
gaged in merchandising, which he fol
lowed Wit'; success continuously till his ,
death. Deceased leaves besides a widow
_nd six grown children two brothers, J.
C 'Stewart of Galesburg. Illinois and
Thomas P Stewart of Oakland, and one
sister Mrs. Bowen of Napa- Daniel Stew
art was a charter member of lone Lodge
No 6t I. O. O. p., to which he had be- j
continuously for forty-three years,
and was honored and beloved by its mem
ber, and esteemed by the community.
» ■
Queen of Belgium 111. i
BRUSSELS. March 3.— The latest offi
cial news Indicates an improvement in the !
condition of the Queen of Belgium. Hf.r
physician expects a speedy recovery un
less unforeseen complications supervene.
Che is suffering from pneumonia. [
AMERICAN FRUITS CAN NOW
ENTER ALL GERMAN PORTS
_N"o Longer Subject to _E_____
-=^r__xi_n.-=ttior__ for San
Jose Scale.
BERLIN, March 2.— The Politlsche Nachrichten announces that the
Minister of Finance, Dr. Miquel, with the approval of the Imperial
Chancellor, has instructed the officials at all places of entry in Ger
many that American so-called southern fruits, like oranges, lemons and
raisins, are not subject to the provisions of the decree of February 2.
IS9S. providing for the examination of fruit in order to determine whether
they are infected with the San Jose scale.
HURLED OVER
AN EMBANKMENT
Returning Soldiers in a
Train Wreck.
|
i
FIFTEEN ARE BADLY INJURED
'i
i
i
THAT NONE MEET DEATH IS j
CONSIDERED MIRACULOUS.
i
i
j
; Missouri Troopers Who Had . Just j
Been Mustered Out Overtaken
by Disaster While Sound
Homeward.
'
EpedaJ Dispatch to The Call.
TUPELO. Miss., March 2.— The Mo
bile and Ohio train bearing homeward
the second battalion of the Second
Missouri Volunteers from Albany. Ga~.
where they were yesterday mustered
out of the service, was wrecked two
miles south of this place this morning.
Four cars in which the soldiers were
seated jumped the track and were
hurled down a twenty-foot embank
ment. The third car from the engine
was a total wreck, and from its ap
pearance the escapes were miraculous.
The following were injured:
Jake Stanley, Company E. Pierce
City. Mo.; Jack McLaughlin, Company
E, Monet, Mo., hurt In back: Thomas
A. Greathouse, Company K. Rockvllle.
Mo., hand, shoulder and leg injured:
C. C. Drake. Company G. Warsaw,
Mo., left side; W. B. Edmonson. Com
pany F. Calhoun. Mo., gash in the
head; Peter Wolf, Company F. back;
L. W. Stlckrod, Lewis Station. Mo.,
hand split and gash in leg; F. W.
Waldon, Company H. back: William
Morris. Company H. Nevada. Mo.,
scalp wound; E. G. Kelsey, Company
G. seriously; H. G. Helm, Company '
Schell City, Mo., right arm broken:
H. W. Ryan. Company G. Camp
Branch, Mo., cut on the head: Otis
Nicholson, Com-jany G, Edwards. Mo.,
back and hip injured; A. T. Ready.
Company F, Nevada, Mo., internal in
juries; W. L. Rudisill, Company F.
Nevada, Mo., back; George East. Com
pany A, Clinton, Mo., internal injuries.
The injured were immediately taken
from their perilous position by their
more fortunate comrades, who worked
bravely.
The position of the cars was ex
tremely dangerous after the first
crash, as they hung over the brink of
a trestle that crossed a stream twenty
feet below. Fortunately they held their
position, for a number of fatalities
would have occurred had the sleeper
gone down. The physicians of Verona
and this place worked faithfully dress
ing the wounds of the injured, and the
citizens have rendered all tne assist
ance In their power.
The rear truck of the tender jumped
the track just as the train reached the
trestle and tore it away. The baggage
car, two day coach and one sleeper
went off the track and down th" em
bankment. All the men who are able
to travel left here this evening and
should reach St. Louis to-morrow
morning.
TO COACH STANFORDS.
STANFORD. March 2.— The baseball
management has secured the services c!
Jack Sheehan as coach. Sheehan Is a
graduate of the class of 'So. He played
four years on the Varsity and captained
it in his senior year. Last year he suc
cessfully coached the Varsity to victory
against Berkeley. Sheehan will begin his
duties Saturday, ____'_. ::>
As a further aid George M. Borchcrs of
San Jose has consented to coach the
pitchers. Borchers is well known-through
out the country as an old-time ball player.
He will come up for the first time next
Tuesday and continue twice a w;-ek till
the end of the season.
.■ » ■
Sarah Bernhardt as she is at home,
by her ex-secretary, in next Sunday's
CalL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAT, MARCH 3, 1899.
TWO PROMOTIONS
ARE POSTPONED
Nominations of Schley
and Sampson.
SENATE TAKES NO ACTION
FORTIFICATIONS MEASURE IS
DISPOSED OF.
Passage of the House Bill to Encour
age the Holding of a Pan-
American Exposition at
Buffalo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. March 2.— The Sen
ate in executive session to-day took up
the Sampson and Schley promotions
and discussed them briefly. Senator
Butler moved to consider the nomina
tion of Admiral Schley, Independ
ently of the nominations. but
it being apparent that no Quor
um was present, the Senate went
into open session. The motion remains
pending and will be pressed by Senator
Butler at the next executive session.
The greater part of the session to-day
was devoted to unobjected nomina
tions.
In open session, pending considera
tion of the fortification bill, the follow
ing measures were passed: Authoriz
ing the Commissioner of the Freed
men's Trust and Savings Company to
pay 62 per cent dividends to depositors:
a House bill to encourage the holding
of a pan-American exposition on the
Niagara frontier at Buffalo. N. V.. in
1901.
The Senate then proceeded with the
fortifications bill, the bill being in pre
cisely the same form as it passed the
House. It carries $4,744,79-.
Pettigrew proposed an amendment
striking out an appropriation of $65,000
for the purchase of a Gathmann gun
and one of $10,000 for the ammunition.
The amendment was defeated.
The Senate, on motion of Hoar, at
6 o'clock, went into executive session.
At the conclusion of the executive ses
sion, the Senate resumed legislative
business at 6:15 p. m.
After remarks by Foraker on the
death of Representative Stephen A.
Northway of Ohio, the usual resolu
tions of regret were adopted, and the
Senate took a recess until 8:15 p. m.
When the Senate reconvened Quay
moved that the Senate concur in the
amendment of the House to the meas
ure providing for the erection 'of a
building for the Department of Justice,
the amendment limiting the cost to
$1,000,000. The motion was agreed to,
which passed the bill.
An effort was made by Senator Fair
banks to obtain consideration of the
bill to extend the anti-contract labor
laws of the United States to Hawaii,
but Morgan, one of the Hawaiian com
missioners, objected and the measure
went over. '•.,
Consideration of the fortifications bill
; was resumed and Tillman was recog
-1 nized, to reply to speeches made earlier
In the day by Gorman and Lodge. He
said that it was an anomalous condition
, that the conference on the naval bill
was in control of men who were op
\ posed to the Senate amendment to re
duce the price of armor plate. He was
; willing and anxious to give the admin
; istration all the support it needed, both
for the army and the navy.
Later Piatt of Connecticut Inquired
I If Tillman believed the Krupp armor
. could be procured at even $445 per ton.
Tillman replied that perhaps it could
■ not be, but he was convinced that the
extra price for Krupp armor was "sim
| ply a scheme to rob us out of $145 a
ton. ' He was willing to complete every
battleship now on the stocks and pay
$400 a ton for the armor, but he wanted
Congress to proceed to the erection of
an armor factory and thus free the
i country from the clutches of the armor
■ trust.
Piatt of Connecticut said he desired
' simply that the war vessels of the
United States should be covered with
the very best armor made, and he
thought all other Americans felt as he
did. He did not believe that England,
Russia and Germany were submitting
to the exactions of an unconscionable
j trust and it was in evidence that they
j were paying about $575 a ton for the
J Krupp armor.
: Chandler of New Hampshire declared
j In answer «to questions that there was
j no evidence that the Krupp armor was
! any better than the Harveyized armor,
j as no Investigation had been made of
armor since Secretary Herbert made
his Investigation. N
The fortifications bill was then passed
without division. The bill was passed
precisely as it came from the House,
without amendment, and goes to the
President.
The conference reports on the census
and naval personnel bills were agreed
to and these measures also go to the
President.
WILL NOT RACE IN THE EAST
Burns & Waterhouse Weary of Play
ing a Losing Game.
NEW YORK, March 2.— A private letter
from San Francisco to a racing official
here says Burns & Waterhouse will prob
ably not race in this part of the country
this year. The letter goes on to say the
firm wants to race in New York. but its
members realize they must have "sure
enough" race horses to get money here,
and they are shy on that commodity.
They have nothing really high cla-*s on
which to depend, their best one being on
the ailing or stale list now.
Previous attempts to campaign here
have been expensive, and they nave grown
tired of the outpouring of dollars with but
small chance of getting any of It back.
Burns & Waterhouse are not entering in
any of the Eastern stakes now closing.
SWING OUT
THE JAPANESE
SLAVE TRAFFIC
The Trial of Toda, the
Procurer.
BOTHER WITH INTERPRETERS
|
SOME REMARKABLE ANTICS OF j
THE DEFENSE.
|
I
A Despicable Business That Is Car- I
ried on Openly Under the Eyes
of the Federal Port
Officials.
Toda, the Japanese charged with keep- :
i ing a minor girl in a house of ill repute, i
: gave his testimony in Judge Groezinger's '
i court yesterday afternoon. As a statement
maker Toda is peculiar. He began by in- i
: slstlng in excellent English that he could j
; not speak that tongue and demanded an
: interpreter. The court had been taxed to ;
I the limit of its patience by Japanese in- |
terpreters, and the demand was not re- ,
[ ceived with good grace.
Toda a few months ago was the prose
cuting witness in a suit against two of
his countrymen, and his knowledge of the
English tongue was at that time clear
enough to win bis case, but after some
skirmishing among the large audience of
Japs an interpreter was caught and
sworn. Then Toda started in to ruin the
cause of the State. The girl Chiyo had
stated on the stand that Toda had given
her about $10 and her mother or some
relative the same sum in Japan when he
engaged her to come to this country for
employment in his. handkerchief store,
and that when she arrived In San Fran
cisco, an ignorant immigrant girl, 16 years
old. she learned for the first time her
hideous fate. In the hands of the ruthless
slave dealer. Toda. she was helpless, and
when she failed to earn a reasonable
amount of money he beat her. To make
her condition more pitiable, she ' was
forced to entertain his Chinese friends
and to hand her owner every cent given
her. __****-_ "«••
The Japanese slave dealers In this city
charge their chattels $300 for bringing
them over from Japan, and under the pre
tense of letting the girls work themselves
out of debt allow them a small percent
age of their earnings. But they manage
to keep that $300 standing against their
bondswomen by inflicting fines whenever
it suits their fancy. : ■- : ■.-.■■'•
Toda swore that he never saw the girl
in Japan and never offered her employ
ment in a store anywhere. He also swore
that the place at 3 Brooklyn place
did not belong to him. and that he was
only the cook there. He couid not read
his'own name. _"„•_,
The rent and grocery bills of .-, Brooklyn
place are all mad" out In his name, yet he
denied the ownership. He also denied
that the woman with whom he lives and
who is evidently the mistress of his es
tablishment is his wife, though he has
called her such since his arrest.
Attorney Donavon, for the defense, ap
peared to be trying to get the case over
into Japan. He claimed if the girl Chiyo
was inveigled into a San Francisco house
the inveigling was done in Japan, and the
State of California was usurping a func
tion of the Mikado in prosecuting Toda.
Court Interpreter <*-effeney. though not
on duty, was present as a sort of assist
ant for the defense, consulting in whis
pers with Donavon. His action drew
forth a strong protest from Attorney
Reardon of the prosecution.
At the close of Toda's testimony the
trial was continued until next-Monday af
ternoon. _ , _.'•'"■■.-- '■■--_ i_
It 'i« the Intention of the Society for the
Suppression of Vice to stamp out if pos
sible the importation of Japanese girls
for immoral purposes. There are eight
or ten notorious slave owners in Brooklyn
place who are engaged in the traffic un
der the eves of the Federal port officials,
the chief of whom is said to be I. _ama-
The recent exposure of this disreputa
ble business in The Call has caused Jap
anese Consul General Mutsu to place his
office In communication with Secretary
Kane of the society. The Consul tenders
his ' assistance and co-operation In the
work of stopping the .-lave traffic.
A BLOODTHIRSTY BAKER.
Carlo Ferro Arrested for Threatening
to Wipe Out a Whole Family.
Carlo Ferro, a baker, is of a blood
thirsty nature and threatened to wipe out ,
a whole family within twenty-four hours.
Ho appeared before Judge Graham yester
day to answer a charge of threats against
life
The complaining witness was Mrs. Lucy
Gulnasso' 11 Barman place. She testified t
that last Tuesday Ferro called at her
he.use and threatened to kill her and her
children within twenty-four hours unless
she paid him $300 which he alleged her late
husband had owed him. She was afraid
that be would carry out his threat.
Ferro claims that there is $300 owing j
him from the Gulnasso estate, of which j
the widow is administratrix. The time i
expired for all accounts to be sent in j
against the estate unknown to him. and i
when he demanded the money from Mrs.
Gulnasso she refused to give it to him. !
The case was continued till to-morrow.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bash and Larkin sts. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold _0_ oaths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
Tried a Sharp Game.
William Deal, a respectably dressed .
man, went into Tillmann & Bendel's store
Wednesday " afternoon and represented
that he was a relative of John F. Deal,
a prominent grocer In Santa Barbara. He
asked them to advance him $5. and they '
could telegraph to Santa Barbara. He
got the money, and when one of the j
clerks began to fill in a telegraph blank
be ran out of the store. He was chased !
and captured and held until Policeman
Handley made his appearance. Yesterday
he appeared before Judge Graham on a
charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses and the case was continued.
■ » «
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address .-.nakesls. New York. • !
.-_«
i Bradley Must Pay Alimony.
» OAKLAND, March 2.— Superior Judge
' Ogden to-day so modified the decree di
recting Richard Bradley to pay alimony
'. to his divorced wife. Mrs. Julia Bradley-
Krauth for the support of her two minor
children, that all payments of alimony
; heretofore, ordered to be paid by defend
ant cease of the date of March 14. 1894,
1 and Bradley Is now directed to pay $15
monthly, beginning with that date.
Two Divorces Granted.
! OAKLAND. March 2.— Judge Ellsworth
to-day granted two divorces. Jacob F.
Gallnian was given a legal separation
from Mary Gallman on the ground of
' habitual Intemperance and extreme cru
• elty." The custody of the five minor chil
: dren was awarded to plaintiff. Charles
i Gross was granted a divorce from Sarah
; Gross on the ground of willful desertion.
. _» . —
"How to Succeed in Life,"' by the
great showman Barnum, from a re
' cently discovered manuscript, in next
Sunday's Call.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, March 2.
Stmr Newburg, Hansen, 4 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed March 2-?: mr Mackinaw, :
for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived March 2— Schr I
Corinthian and schr Bender Brothers, hence
Feb 27; schr Mary Etta, hence Feb 28.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived March 2— Schr
Sequoia, from Newport.
IMPURE WATER,
HOP TOBACCO
AND PEA COFFEE
How the Crew of the
Phelps Fared.
OVERDUE SCHOONER'S LUCK
BARK TEMUCO TO DISCHARGE
AND REPAIR HERE.
The Dauntless Breaks Down at Her
Wharf— Arrival of the Overdue
M. P. — The Cey
lon's Damages.
The long overdue schooner W. S. Phelps
finally made port yesterday. Kor nearly
two- months the crew has been fighting
head winds and calms, and when th? ves
sel's anchor was dropped off Meiggs
wharf every man on board heaved a sigh
of relief. For six weeks not one of them
had washed his face, and until the
schooner put into Santa Cruz they had
been smoking hops for tobacco and mak
ing coffee out of ground split peas. Kor
eight days they had been without meat,
and their drinking water was foul. The
decks leaked .and in the forecastle the
crew bad to sleep in wet bedclothes and
walk through puddles of water until near
ly a.. o: them have rheumatism.
"We left San' Pedro for Eureka fifty
one days ago,' said the mate yesterday.
"I have been through some tough times
on the Atlantic and in the Arctic, but
such a voyage as the one we had on the
Phelps I never heard the equal of. The
vessel had been lying a long time in San
Pedro before she was sold by the Mar
shal, and during that time she got very
dirty. She had, previously to her arrival
in San Pedro, lost her centerboard, so
you see she was not In the best of trim
for a voyage. Then our water was no
good, but that fact I did not discover
until we were out it sea. It was so of
fensive we could hardly drink it. We
landed at one of the islands in the Santa
Barbara Channel and got some fresh
water, or I do not know what we would
have done.
"Well, if you are anything of a sailor
you can imagine .what kind of progress
we made without a centerboard and bar
nacles two feet thick on her bottom. We
were three weeks In rounding Point Sur,
and then we made fair progress. Fre
quently, however, we would make a run
of twenty-four miles during the day ami
drift back twice the distance during the
night.
•'On Sunday. February 19, we were off
Santa Cruz, and the captain determined
to run in for supplies. At that time we
were back to the foul water, our coffee
had given out and we were using a con
coction made from split peas. We had no
canned meats, sugar or tea. and, worst
of all. no tobacco, so we had to smoke
hops as a makeshift.
"We sailed from Santa Cruz as soon as
we got some supplies, and on Tuesday.
February 21. we got past Pigeon Point
and were standing inshore with a west
erly wind, as Captain Alexander of the
Santa Rosa reported us. That night,
however, the wind took a change and the
next morning we had been driven back
forty-two miles south of Pigeon Point.
That was the kind of experience we had
right along, and our twelve days' run
from Santa Cruz to San Francisco was
one that I hope never to duplicate."
The Phelps will go on the dry dock here
and will have a new centerboard put
in and her decks recalked. after which
she will proceed to Eureka to load lumber
for San Pedro.
The Chilean bark Temuco. which put In
here in distress last Wednesday night,
will probably discharge her cargo and go
on the drydock for repairs. She was
bound for Victoria, B. «'.. but was caught
in a gale on February 25 and lost her
jlbboom, fore topgallant mast, fore top
mast, main royal mast and main top
gallant mast. Besides this, she was very
much strained and will require a thor
ough overhauling.
The Temuco was formerly the American
bark Independence and was built at Bos
ton in 1871. Several years ago she was
.old by C. P. Hemanway of Boston to
M. B. Peede of Valparaiso, and was put
under the Chilean flag. She is 165.6 feet
long, 34 feet 2 inches broad and 22 feet
7 Inches deep. She has been in the ni
trate trad-' ever since her purchase by
Mr. Peede.
The Union Transportation Company of
Stockton is having a run of hard luck.
Its last steamer broke down yesterday
morning, and until repairs can be made
the company's freight and passengers
will have to be carried on the opposition
steamers. Last Tuesday night the Cap
tain Weber broke her shaft when be
tween the Brothers and Pinole Point.
Her passengers were taken to Stockton
on the opposition steamer Mary Garratt
and next day the Dauntless towed her
to San Francisco. Yesterday the Daunt
less arrived from Stockton, and when
docking at Clay street wharf her shaft
broke, so both steamers are helpless. It
will take about a month to repair the
vessels, and in the meantime the steam
ers of the California Navigation and Im
provement Company will carry all the
freight and passengers. •
The surveyors went over the bark Cey
lon yesterday and Inspected the damage
she received while in collision with the
British ship Talus. The captain of the
Ceylon asserts that the Talus drifted
... -.. •.-■,:. . . -,;--■ • ■ ..- -."■'-'•- - - • ■■ -:*:■ 1
TWO UNFORTUNATE VESSELS.
The Schooner W. S. Phelps and the Chilean Bark
Temuco.
The Phelps was fifty-one days coming here from San Pedro and the Temuco was partially dismasted
on February 25. The crew of the schooner had a terrible time getting here, and the bark will have to dis
charge her cargo and go on the ways for an overhauling. She was bound from Iquique for Victoria, B. C.
and put in here in distress. .
THE EMPORIUM. - THE EMPORIUM.
j(^W*+**¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
* To-day, Friday, we will give away 4000 more J
t of those beautiful photographic reproductions of
J the famous wax group, "Christ Before Pilate."*
* Every visitor to the Art Room can have one free J
i for the asking while quantity lasts. *
J Carmen Cue- Send name
m. ritta and the u^. mmr __■__ _i ________ fl___ ■19 ■____■ a * a address *
* ._r,- Wgg^ EMPORIUM — ; _j
* totu,AMont9 ggg^ l^" f *^™*^^|H| 5->"'«f -""^J
* opVatiidiuu P" _jto_4_l_,n ________a_a_r. V S "— Cjt " *
* at concert to- CdUFGftVil' '* LARG£ST—AM£JVCAS GRA\D£S7.STOR£. alo g ut i " C ' J
J morrow even- *« ffpara-^
J !'.'_. '««■ J
I /^^fi <__-^ *
* X __T • ___Si X *
£ /f .- ALL-DAY — ■ -&—' *
* // 3P£C.'AL 3 all- 3 — *
{ _?oo#r Sa/e £#f_/s Saturday. *
_» Humboldt Library of Science.sC & fOO 75c to $3 Bibles now 25c to 7_»C
•-»• 40c Handy Volume Classics now 14c 75c Choicest Fiction now 45c *
i * SOc Standard Fiction, cloth /_»C $4.25 t0' 516.25 Sets now _■
* Cassell's National Library.... 5c ' $1,85 to $5.50 *
* 75c Juvenile Books now 300 ! *
_• : «Jf
I Stein-Bloch Men's Suits, $6.95. %
? Sale positively coses Saturday night — only five patterns left, but still a full *
J line of sizes. The name "Stein-Bloch" on a suit means that it is all wool* perfectly *
A, tailored and in every way reliable — $6.95 is the lowest price evsr quoted in San *
; 4*. Francisco for genuine Stein-Bloch s.
* Fancy Creamery Butter, 415 c. J
» Regularly 55c square — quality guaranteed. The above price for _»
* Friday and Saturday only. ■*
a, 95c bottles Cooper's Oil— week-HOo 30 lbs Sal Soda for 25c *
*► 18c Shredded Gocoannt — this week.. 25c bottles Snider. Catsup 20c «
* 35c 50-lb sacks Dairy Salt 25c 10c cans Imported Sardines- 8C •#
* Sc 10-lb sacks Kitchen Salt 5c 1 16c cans Fine Oysters 13c *
* «
i Ladies' Hose, 15c. \ *>*» om v . J
' * Ladies' Hermsdorf Black Ingrain Cot- | SI TaffetaS, Q3C. *
{ ton Hose-spliced heels and double soles j 27 inch B!ack . Taffeta Silk _ a soft , J
* —extra elastic tops— an extra special for hea __. g<K)d wearing fabric— Tery lustrous, *
to-day only. Per pair ISC I made expressly f or dress skirts and shirt *
#> waists — our regular $1.00 per yard qua.- "*"
J GOOd Shears, 16C. «ty. On bargain Friday 83c J
* 7_ -An' O/v. J
* S^ Boys' Suits, $1. 29%
J 'X-__sr^ J ust 84 nearly All- Wool Suits for boys, *}
_. T «'.". \ , „,_■ __._in_r 1 10 to 15 vears double breasted coats, •#
J To-day (Friday) only, good quality J knee t '_ cheviots and cassimer „. «
: J Nickel-plated Brass Screw Shears-8 or 9 ; _, aidg / stripe3 and solid co , or black> blue «
S> inches long •• ,ot ' jor brown— a good $2.50 value. To-day *
* Friday Specials. ■ 10111I 0111 - 7 ' price 5i.29 +
* Men's Furnishings. Two Friday Specials in ?
J 50c French Pique Washable Neckwear, I UmnrellaS. j
4- in newest style rolled Puffs and Impe- y en ' 5 53 Close -roll*
!«> rials, with roiled gold scarfpins. T °-day j J|_^. Taffeta Silk Umbrellas— *
* only 28C I /g/\*&\ 7-rib paragon frame J
* 50c Derby Ribbed Balbriggan Under- 1 All |L stee i rod— sterling silver *
* wear. To-day only, per garment... .33 C j RA W —trimmed natural wood
* SOc Camel's Hair Merino Underwear. J MJ W handles— case and tassel. «
J To-day. per garment _T_TO j /j To-day only $2-25*
J 50c* White Merino Drawers. To-day... //J « Lidies' $1.50 Twilled *
4k _?_»C j y|| /W Gloria Umbrellas— steel *
* — * ~ •« ft ja- rod and paragon frames *
* Another Friday *_» v4__fW^t — fancy Dresden handles. 2,
- • <r»- «■)_____.__£__ IjT ff! taffeta silk case. To-day _,
J Shoe Bargain. _-■- -la ißa on iy $1.15%
ft. __ <= <l These serviceable and ' r- — ***— •_•
5- f=rv|*| good-looking Shoes for On Friday Only. «
_" V*'-'_S____l d,udreft— Tici kid - la f.fi $5 Mandolins, $3.35. 2
* '•*_-__^-- or — fancy silk; ...  . .. . ,*J
& . .>^*/*,\\ "' .. " „,;__ .„ '_ «•__ I Nine-rib American Mandolins— superb *
* r-'-*-_W__\ C M th V , fnSTeel to^ and finish-regular price, with in- *
* fc-''Wf/ le C " ng heeJS - structor. $5. Special to-day. including *
* UK.. >W } ° ny c . ,1 j two lessons by competent teacher _!
*> r-. X:,'.- " •- to 11, reg- 1 * r c ~ — -. *
fk fe^42^_ ularlv $1.50. $3 3 5 *
* li_____ for Si.o3 ; Friday Specials in j_u 1
* 11*. to 2. re_- „_■ g_3 •*
J nlarlys2,for $1.23 1 TOllet WTI «
,{ a Friday sale of Articles. jgl^*
1 Embroideries. L Gen + „ e T s ; > ; £ c l ettre -n& C *
T' ■ ■•"_ . , , ,-,-oi Imported Toilet Water — o ( I_r _ <• «>
» From the new, clean Spring Stock— j choke odors— loo bottles !.' {fj "' «
* latest and prettiest patterns— we have...,-. To da _ at f _?© '• X ' ltf^_fi-» *
» selected a large quantity of 4t, yard - Sweet Violets" Toilet •' '— *
5 Strips in various widths, and to-day Soap __ yen . fine — highly | ifcnJrrtEZ *
, only will sell them at per Strip- perfumed— 3 large size !!«*• ****"' __
* '7C, We, /4k;, 17c, 22c, 24c, \ ca kes in box. To-day only. ' N | _j___-^ *
* 32c, 35c, 45c and SOc. box ./5c "" J
J 7>*«c are first-class, perfect nrw goods I 25c Hair Brushes. Special to-day. only. •_<
a> on sale in 4M yard lengths only. I 11 C *
*■ A
v A«>-AAA*->AAaaaaaaaaaaaaa----t--aa-aA--A-.„__a__a_ x
—
down on his vessel, while the captain of
the Britisher asserts mat his vessel was
at anchor and the Ceylon drifted down
on him. The Talus Is not damaged, but ;
the Ceylon has fourteen stanchions
broken and it will cost over $2000 to re
pair her. .
The transport Portland got away for
Manila yesterday afternoon. She car
ried a large cargo of supplies, besides a
number of wagons and ambulances for
General Otis. pome of the Midlers who
were to have gone away on her escaped j
from the wharf as soon as they were
paid, in order to get a drink, and were
left behind. The Portland was signaled
off Lime Point and came to a stop, while
the men piled Into Peterson's launch
Amy and were put aboard after an hour's
delay.
The American ship M. P. Grace arrived
front, Sydney. Australia, yesterday after
an unusually long passage of 102 days.
Her copper sheathing Is loose, and in the
light winds and calms encountered it
practically anchored the ship. The Brit
ish ship Brussels is now out ninety-nine
days from Newcastle, Australia, and 8
per cent reinsurance Is being paid on
her.
56
•!-^F^3__-. __. _. *_?^__^^- /Hf___^_H
&___«'_i_f__* & (-^S_Si_t__yOL___L_L_L l
FRIDAY , MARCH 3, i 899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. Sc LEAKE, Manager..
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
tiDITORIAL ROOMS... SIT to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 187-.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year fB.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 8 months I.SO
DAILY CALL— By Single Month <*>"> c
6UNDAY CALL One Year ' lAO
WEEKLY CALL. One Year IMO
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Cample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE ~ 7Z 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri__« House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 MootflOmery street, corner Clay,
open until 930 o'clock 387 Hayes street, open until
0:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, oven until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
Street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2618
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock. 1605 Polk -tree., open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets. ope- until 9 o'clock-
AMU ■ hM_NT3>
Columbia— "The Sl*n of the Cross."
California— "The Jewess."
Tlvoli— "Madeline, or the Magic Kiss."
Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "The Girl I Left Behind Me."
Comedy— "A Trip Across the Ocean."
Grand Opera House— Opera Company. Monday even-
ing. Much 13.
Chutes and Planka, the "Lady of Lions."
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets, Specialties.
Central Park— Steeplechase.
Alhambra— Sousa Concerts.
Alhambra— "Dewey the Hero of Manila," Monday evening,
March 6. _____________________________•_«______
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Louderback— This Day, at 10:30 a- m. and 1:30 p.
m., Turkish Rugs, at 123 Geary street.
By Killlp & Co.— Saturday March 4, at 12 m.. Thorough-
bred Horses, at Oakland Race Track.
v THE GOLDEN POPPY.
CALIFORNIA may rejoice. The poppy, gleam
ing yellow on a thousand hills— perhaps on even
more, to say nothing of the peaceful valleys
between— has been vindicated. No executive veto
was sufficient to dim its splendor, nor did its
gorgeous petals shrivel under the blast of official dis
approval. The Assembly says that the poppy shall
be the State flower.
If there was one thing California particularly needed
it was a State flower. At times there has been a
yearning for rain, for a rise in the price of prunes, for
a loftier statesmanship, amendments of the code, a
giant exposition, an end to Burns. However, there
has been on all these subjects a lack of unanimity.
Much as there might be to commend them, their ad
vocacy has been certain to provoke opposition. Not
sc with the elevation of the poppy. With one ac
cord the public heart swelled big at the' thought and
the public voice, clamoring for fruition of the plan,
was is the roar of many seas.
Strangely enough, Governor Gage did not perceive
the purport of the tumult. He may have mistaken
it for the sound of wind escaping from a Senatorial
boom. Thus this act, so benign, so fraught with des
tiny, the finished product of cultivated minds, ran
against a veto. It was not to be crushed. It gath
ered itself up, took a run and jump and sailed to vic
tory so high that it can turn back and say to the veto,
"Never touched me."
Scotland has its thistle, England its rose, Ireland its
shamrock, and now California springs from obscur
ity and, wreathed in bloom as yellow as a Hearst
daily, joins the procession. We congratulate every
body, the commonwealth which now realizes that its
Legislature did not meet in vain, and the poppy it
self. Once the great of a people were decorated with
laurel and with bay. That was long ago. Times have
changed. Laurel and bay aren't in it now. The poppy
holds the belt.
In „ book called "Yesterdays in the Philippines"
the writer says: "The American national policy and
the American military system. do not fit in with the
administration of 1400 islands,. 8000 miles away from
the American mainland, sweltering in the tropics,
swept by typhoons and shaken by earthquakes and
harboring 8.000.000, more than three-quarters wild
colored people, speaking a score of languages." This
densely ignorant author evidently never heard of the
Journal-Examiner? "national policy," which is big
ger than any typhoon or earthquake, and peculiarly
adapted to savages.
One woman is accused of having recently caused
the death of four of her own sex by criminal opera
tions. While the facts are for the courts to determine,
there is a marked absence of any reason for believing
her innocent, and the present would seem to be an
excellent time to express disapproval. Where are the
health officials? That woman is equal to a malady.
The Montana Legislature has passed over the veto
of the Governor a bill to permit the big stockholders
of a corporation to freeze the little ones out. There
has been something queer about that Legislature
from the first, but of course a Californian would feel
a delicacy in saying so while the one at Sacramento
remains on exhibition.
If Cubans get gay and order the United States to
withdraw they will merely be setting far into the fu
ture the day when the stable government promised
them might be theirs. And they may set it so' far as
never to be able to catch up with it. . ; ;; "■'■"•.
Matrimony Promoter Bain is now employed in a
jute mill across the bay. People who depend upon
him to provide a partner of their joys and sorrows
will be obliged to remain single for fifteen months.
If the question of holding the Philippines were left
to the men who have done and are doing the actual
fighting in those islands, it would be quickly settled
in the negative by a vote probably of 08 per cent.
One day the correspondents have the Kaiser mak
ing faces at Uncle Sam and the next giving him the
glad hand. These correspondents ought to get to
gether and adopt a platform.
Dewey declines to state why he desires the pres
ence of the Oregon, and Creelman refuses to en
lighten the world on the subject. At least half of the
situation is surprising.
Carlyle said "that man everywhere is the born
enemy of lies." But he had not visited Sacramento
when Dan Burns was a candidate for the Senate.
NOW IS THE TIME TO STOND.
THE sixty day limit of the Legislature has ex
pired. From that expiration to the end of the
session the members serve without per diem.
In the situation which early developed in the Burns'
campaign it is evident that his hopes for success were
projected to this very time. Personal reasons indis
pose many members to longer desert pressing private
business, and they desire to get excused to go home.
Under ordinary circumstances many such leaves of
absence might be sought and granted without harm.
But now the case is^ifferent. The future of the party
j appeals to the patient loyalty of Republicans and the
| welfare of the State is a consideration affecting Demo
j crats. Every day's experience, since the Senatorial
I fight began has made it clearer that the vast majority
of the people of the State are opposed to making
Burns Senator. His fight has lost popular strength
from the beginning. Those who were disposed to
tolerate it as one of the inevitable incidents of politics
have come to regard it with active aversion. Indif
ference has been turned into a keenly sensitive feeling
that the State cannot afford to turn away from the
spirit that is engendered in its universities and schools
and by its many agencies of morality and refinement
and select such a man for Senator. The State is en
j titled to the service of its best men, its most thought
i ful, and by seeking such service it constantly advances
i its position and encourages young men to hope for
J recognition as a reward for trained intelligence and
| scrupulous fidelity to public trusts. What California
! father can encourage his son in the path of culture
and manliness, in expectation that the common
; wealth may recognize his quality and command his
! service, when the State's highest prize in public life
| has been given to a man like Burns!
Now is the time of trial, and now is the time to
j stand. Let every member stay at his post. The
! Burns men will, as a part of their tactics, readily vote
jto excuse any man whom they cannot control. They
! will be glad to reduce each House to a bare quorum.
| If they can get a joint convention reduced to sixty
-1 two members, a quorum of each House, they enter-
I tain a desperate hope of offering such inducements
!as to secure the thirty- two votes necessary to elect as
I a majority of such a convention. But they have no
i hope of securing enough to make a majority of a full
I convention. In this situation every member who
I seeks a leave of absence and gets it brings Burns
! nearer to the success of his scheme, and cannot evade
j the responsibility of his action.
The cry of the State to her legislators, therefore, is
|to stand to their posts and their duty in these last
j days. It is plain now that if this is done a Senator
can be elected who will be no discredit to the party
or the State, and the future of Republicanism in Cali
fornia can be made safe.
. This is a crisis for the party and the State. If
Burns succeed, when will party leadership be raised
| out of degradation? How many years must pass be
| fore men who have the right to aspire to such a
; high office will be encouraged to appear? How long
j a time must elapse before a Republican can vindicate
the honor of his party before the people? By
j standing firmly now and maintaining the high ideals
> in which it has won, the party will vindicate itself
! and make its future sure by its record alone.
I But, if it fail now, to whom can it look for a vin
j dication? Will Burns undertake to go upon the
i stump next campaign and secure party success by the
display of his intellectual gifts? Will any of his sup
porters perform this office? Three men came to him
after the first ballot. If he is successful they will
naturally have eminence and leadership. Will the
party listen to Wright, Jilson and Simpson? Will it
accept them as examples to follow and samples of its
best intellect and. morality? If Burns win, the party
will have no, choice in the matter. These three will
be held up to the people as the representatives of its
best, and there will be no escape.
The State looks to every man in Sacramento who
j represents its best purposes to do his duty and
stand.
MR. HUNTINGTON'S PROMISE.
COLLIS P. HUNTINGTON has written to
Edward Ivison of Santa Barbara a letter con
cerning the long delay, of the Southern Pacific
Company in closing the gap in the coast road be
tween Surf and Ellwood, the right of way for which
was given by the residents along the route years ago.
As the letter is characteristic of the writer and relates
to a matter of public importance it merits more than
a passing notice.
Mr. Huntington began with the statement: "I am
glad to be able to say something encouraging in the
matter in which you and other residents of your sec
tion are so much interested." He then went on to
say: "We have succeeded in getting Mrs. Stanford
and Mr. George Crocker (who are now in New
York) to agree to go on and close this gap between
Surf and Eilwood as soon as it well can be, at least to
work* up to the economical point, and I hope the
trains will be running through your city in about
twelve months after we get fairly to work."
It appears from this that the delay in the work and
the failure to keep faith with the property-owners
who gave the right of way on the understanding that
the line across the gap was to be completed at once
have been due not to Mr. Huntington, president of
the road, but to his wicked and dilatory partners.
These have at last been won over, and Mr. Hunting
ton now says the encouraging thing— ,is that
the road will be running through Santa Barbara
within twelve months after the company gets fairly to
work. "v - ■-"; ;-.V, -". :
The amount of encouragement in the statement de
pends upon the answer to the question when the com
pany will begin work and get fairly started. A con
siderable number of years have passed since assur
ances were first given to the people between Eilwood
and Surf that the road would be completed speedily
when the company got to work. For all those years,
however, the company has carefully abstained from
getting to work, further than was required to take
possession of the right of way and hold on to it.
Mr. Huntington has just given $1000 to "the Mer
cantile Library fund, and for that he deserves and
will- receive credit and praise. It is a generous deed
well worthy of emulation. It will be seen, however,
that his promise as regards the closing of the gap
has to it a string strong enough to bind the leviathan
or haul a freight train. Since a promise of that kind
was first given the promoters of the Valley road have
constructed a railway from Stockton to Bakersfield
and have advanced far toward completing the con
nection between Stockton and this city. Still the
short gap between Eilwood and Surf remains un
closed. The promise has now become venerable for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1899.
j its age, but the amount of encouragement in it has
lessened with the years. The people are waiting to
I hear when the company intends to get fairly to work.
SUPREME COURT CONGESTION.
SEVERAL plans for the relief of the Supreme
Court have been placed before the Legislature
and are receiving attentive consideration. For
years that tribunal has been congested to a degree
that has seriously obstructed the administration of
justice in this State. It has had the aid oi a competent
and industrious commission, latterly "of five mem
bers, and yet the congestion is unrelieved, although
to some extent reduced. When seven Justices, with
five assistants, are unable to cope with the appeals
taken in a State with a million and a half of inhabi
tants there must be something wrong with the sys
tem. Upon this point all lawyers and citizens gen
erally will agree. There is no complaint of the court
itself. It is always in session, and the work done by
its members is heavy and thorough. Each case de
mands and receives full consideration, and cannot be
slighted because of the accumulation of records and
the consequent delay. There can be no adequate re
lief without the establishment of an additional court
or additional courts, and this necessarily involves
amendments to the constitution that must satisfy the
public or they will be beaten.
There are rooted evils in the entire judicial system
of the State as administered which affect. the business
of the Supreme Court and require drastic treatment.
The real points on any- Ordinary appeal were for
merly . presented with precision and terseness in a
few pages of print. Now, with rare exceptions, they
have to be dug "out by the Judges from literal trans
cripts of reporters' notes, swelled to absurd propor
tions through professional' indolence or incom
petency at the expense of litigants. It often happens
that the transcriptions of shorthand notes, without
discrimination, and the printing bills are the largest
items in the cost of a lawsuit, and thus the heaviest
work is improperly transferred from the offices of the
lawyers to the chambers of the Judges. But this
class of interferences with justice requires separate
treatment. The immediate remedy, imperatively de
manded by t v s. exigencies of the situation, is a clean
division of labor, so that the Supreme Court may not
be buried under the conglomerated mass of jurisdic
tion by which it is now oppressed.
One of the plans submitted to the Legislature pro
poses the reduction of the number of Supreme Court
Justices to five and the establishment of three inter
mediate courts of appeal, each with three Judges,
and with authority in the Legislature to provide for
additional courts of appeal as the business of the
State may warrant. In many cases the decisions of
these appellate tribunals would be final, but the direct
appeals to the Supreme Court and the instances in
which cases would find their way there from the in
termediate courts of appeal would still be so numer
ous that it is doubtful whether the system would be
an improvement. The main difficulty with this plan.
however, is its cost, liable to be frequently increased
through the exercise of legislative discretion/which
almost certainly would insure its defeat, at the polls.
A more practical and economical scheme,, the sim
plicity and apparent effectiveness of which will prob
ably receive the approbation of the bar and the
bench and also attract the favorable consideration of
the people, is the organization of a new court of ap
peals, to consist of three Justices, to which a large
part of the appellate jurisdiction is to be finally and
exclusively transferred. . It is designed that this j
tribunal shall have sole charge of such appeals as j
may be taken in criminal cases, on questions of law
alone, in actions not based upon though some of them
may originate in contracts and, as the lawyers say,,
sounding in tort, which would include claims for un- ;
liquidated damages, in divorce and alimony suits, and
in "'special cases," such as forcible entry or detainer, -
insolvency proceedings where not superseded by the
national bankruptcy law, suits to prevent or to abate
nuisances, contested election cases and cases of quo
warranto to determine the legal title to public offices.
This transfer of jurisdiction would not throw upon
the new court of appeals an undue proportion of la
bor and of responsibility, and, with an intelligible
line of demarcation, would still leave the Supreme
Court in the possession of appellate jurisdiction over
all cases based upon contract, over all cases involving
the titles or possession of real property, and. except
as to the single instance of divorce, over all cases
sounding in equity. Each court would possess aux
iliary and incidental powers essential to the full exer
cise of its jurisdiction, and, on the point of jurisdic
tion alone, the court of appeals would be under the
control of the Supreme Court, and thus conflict and
confusion would be prevented. In this connection,
moreover, uniformity of decisions would be secured
by a provision' that the rulings of the Supreme Court I
heretofore and hereafter on all questions of practice
and procedure, wherever applicable, shall be binding j
authority in the new tribunal.
The effect of these suggested amendments to. the
constitution would be a great reduction of the volume
of business in the Supreme Court, which would still
retain the most important litigation, affecting com
mercial and financial interests, and, if the present
commission should be continued for four years, it
is confidently anticipated, would be abreast of its
calendar. The court of appeals,. unincumbered when
it started and with its labors held within reasonable)
limits, would be enabled to insure prompt decisions
of the appeals committed to its charge.
It has been suggested that the constitution itself
should provide for the oral argument of all appeals,
and that when a limited number of cases arc sub
mitted further business should be deferred until they
are decided. There are several valid objections to
this detailed specification of methods, however meri
torious in itself. It is clearly ■an introduction of
special legislation into an instrument that ought to
consist only of broad outlines.,' It is also an unwar
ranted interference with a discretion that should be
vested in the Judges, and not even in the Legislature.
They are trusted with specific duties, and it is for
them to determine for themselves and through the
rules their knowledge and experience may enable
them to formulate in what manner their work can be
most expeditiously and effectively acomplished. The
community will look to results and will not closely
scrutinize mere preliminaries.
It is certainly strange that the Filipinos should
have 600 American soldiers as prisoners without our
commanding officers missing them at rollcall.
The peculiar form of wit which finds expression in
mutilating the property of a university is something
which should be attended to by the police.
The country will be glad to learn that the packers
of the suspected meat are so confident of its goodness
as to freely swear to it. - -
The police have lately been reasonably successful
in capturing burglars, but there are still too many
mashers at large. '•". -. r -~ '- _\'-~:
The Examiner still maintains its reputation as a
blunderer and an egotist '■' -3/~ -'-._ ■'■••:
SHE SIGNED
A DEED WITH
HER LEFT HAND
Carrie E. Sankey Tells
Her Story.
AFFLICTED WITH PARALYSIS
TAKEN ADVANTAGE OF WHILE
IN THIS CONDITION.
Charles S. Coggins Now Admits That
BHe Never Gave His Ward
Money From .the Profits j
of Her Estate. I
After a brief hearing yesterday after
noon Judge Belcher continued the case of
Carrie E. Sankey against her guardian,
Charles 8. Coggins, and his wife, Mary E.
Coggins, until the 14th Inst. Though
brief the hearing elicited facts of inter
est regarding the peculiar transactions
that took . from the young plaintiff her
rights and her property.
Miss Sankey told, the story on Wednes
day of how the profits from her estate
went to benefit her guardian's wife and
furnish luxuries. Yesterday she was
again placed on the stand, and out of the'
tangle of questions and answers the fact
was drawn that one of the deeds signed
by the witness conveying property to her
guardian was prepared and afterward
signed by Miss Sankey when she was suf
fering from paralysis and weak in mind
and body. She was deceived and led to
sign this document, she says, and when
she finally yielded' and was about to af
fix her name the pen fell from her paral
yzed right hand and she was forced to
use her left. The signature on the dead
bears out her statement, as. it- has a back
ward slant and the„ lines are in a trem
bling, broken hand.
After reciting the story of the signing
of the deed when she was partially par
alyzed the young woman gave an ex
planation of the matter in which her
guardian led her to part with her estate.
In addition to the threatened expose, as
told on the stand the first day, Miss San
key said that her guardian and his wife
told her that she had heart disease and
that she might fall dead any day, and in
sisted on always accompanying her
whenever she left the house. They would
not allow her to receive callers unless
Mrs. Coggins was present and took care
that, she never communicated with any
one regarding her estate or her life with
her guardian.
"We went shopping together," said the
witness, "and although Mrs. Coggins al
ways ordered everything I always paid
the bills." Many bills were introduced
In evidence showing purchases of house
hold effects, bric-a-brac and other things
which had been paid by the witness. One
was for the amount of $1047 for goods
purchased, and outside of two Items,
amounting to about $30, Miss Sankey said
that she knew nothing.
In conclusion the.- witness, in order to
show the attitude of her guardian and
his wife toward her, said that one night
she went to see a- lady friend and spent
the night with her. The next morning
Mrs. Coggins > called at the house where
the lady friend resided and said that if
Miss Sankey. did not open the door she
(Mrs. Coggins) would get an ax and
knock it down. Miss Sankey opened the
door and was roundly abused by Mrs.
Coggins. . ; '->.'_.■•-■
•When Miss Sankey left the stand a dep
osition signed by Charles S. Coggins was
offered and. placed on record. This depo
t-lon bring- out one important fact— Cog
gins acknowledges that he never paid
Miss Sankey any money out of her es
tate. Miss Sankey alleges that he has
drawn out several thousand dollars and
now the. proof as to what for and where it
was expended is awaited with interest.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
i>" D. Scribner, a mine owner of Ari
zona, is a guest at the Russ.
E. W. Stratton, a New York hotel man,
is registered at the Occidental.
11. H. Harlow, a mining man of Gold
Gulch, near Fresno, is staying at the
Grand. '.•''". ' ' " • ' '..' " '.'-■.
W. H. Balrd, a sugar planter of Ho
nolulu, is at the Occidental, accompanied
by his wife.
George E. Stay ton, a mining man of
Sonora, has returned from a visit to Gil
roy and is at the California.
I. Jacobs, a Portland merchant, and S.
F. Ryan, a Spokane mining man, are two
of the arrivals at the Palace.
G. D. Plato, a Modesto merchant, John.
T. Moody, a Truckee lumberman, and E.
Birch, a Hanford capitalist, are regis
tered at the Lick.
The household
of a certain young
married couple of
this city was made
particularly hap
py a few days ago
by the advent of
twins. Now there
is nothing re
markable . about
•M $>+
HOW THE
BABIES WERE;
NAMED.
<&• *£>
-K> : "H
this plain announcement, but the
twins, both boys, by the way, came
into this world with the peculiar physical
coincidence of one weighing just half a.--,
much- as the other, the first tipping the
scales at ten pounds and the second of
the diminutive strangers at five pounds
exactly.'
A few days after the happy parents were
discussing the prospective christening of
the little tots, and while they both agreed
•hat the name of the heavy-weight should
be John In honor of a wealthy grand
father, they could not come to any con
clusion with regard to the naming of the
lighter youngster. Each had mentioned
nearly every cognomen in the dictionary,
but none was thought suitable by the
other. V -i. V :
Their six-year-old boy, who had been
a patient listener during the friendly dis
pute and had been watching the subjects
of the conversation with feelings of
mingled wonder and mistrust, finally said,
when his father and mother gave up the
naming proposition as a bad job:
"Say. that's easy. If you're going to
call the big fellow John, why don't you
name the little one Demi- John?"
H. E. Barber and Wife of Stockton,
James Berry and wife of Fresno and A.
L. Begbie, a mining man of Mount Pleas
ant, California, are at the Grand.
W. W. Shaw, a New York merchant,
is at the Palace with his family. With
them are R. "W . Wakeman and Mrs.
Wakeman" and daughter, the party hav
ing come to this coast on a pleasure trip.
Chief Engineer Y. Wa'dagakl and' his
assistant, C. Nakayama, of the Japanese
navy, who have been supervising the con
struction of the Chltose at the Union
Iron Works, will leave for "New York to
day en route to London to superintend
the building of a battleship and a cruiser
lately ordered by their Government. -.' -
■■ • .i ■ _» ■ .
C-CLIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March 2.— C. H. Bentley
of Sacramento ls at the Fifth Avenue.
. •.■••'.- .-■_. ■'■ _ « — —y-'
Two Bankrupts.
Thomas B. Potter of Oakland, an agent,
filed a petition In bankruptcy yesterday
in the United States District Court. -. His
liabilities, are $3257 and his assets noth
ing. v- ■ .. '•'
James M. Taylor, clerU >•«><■ "labilities
of {6167 and no asseU-
MAYOR PHELAN
WATCHES THE
NEW GAS BURN
A Comparative Test
of Illuminants.
NEW PRODUCT IS CHEAPER
CLAIMS MADE BY THE EQUIT
ABLE COMPANY.
It Will Try to Get the Contract for.
Lighting the Streets Along
Which Its Pipes
Are Laid.
An Interesting: test showing the com
parative illuminating powers of the gas
furnished by the Equitable and the San
Francisco gas companies was made yea
terday afternoon in the W«JS*£S__
on Stockton street under the direction of
Dr. J. W. Chisholm. inventor of the gas
manufactured by the Equitable, and
Charles L. Ackerman, president of the
Th e a concern hopes to secure .the j
contract for lighting the streets alon»
which its pipes are laid, and .accordingly
invited- Mayor Phelan, Gas Ins ec^ Tup
per and other city officials to judge for
themselves of the merits of the new prod
uct at a public test.
Before the experiments were made J_>r.
Chlsholm said a few words in explana
tion. "Our gas," he said, "is essentially
a fuel gas, and while we do not claim
that its illuminating powers are as great
as that of the old gas, we say that we can
furnish a good light far cheaper than the
old company. This test will be made by
what is known as the 'test meter. As
our gas will not burn with an open burner,
we will use a Welsbach lamp for both
Hl"thcn had the meter attached to one
of the tips, regulated it for a full light
and let it run for a minute. The result
showed that it was burning i.o feet
per hour. Another test made a few min
utes later with the cock turned on full
registered 4.6 feet per hour as a maxi
mum. This gas was drawn from a. chan
delier which had six other lights burning
on it. As the test of the San Francisco
Company's gas was to be made from a
single chandelier another record was
taken from a single chandelier of the
Equitable Company. It showed practically
the same pressure and the same consump
tion.
The product of the old company was
then submitted to a test with the same
meter and the same Welsbach. lamp.
There was no way of recording the candle
power, so the comparative brilliancy of
the two lights had to be guessed at. When
the register of the meter was taken there
was a difference of about 20 per cent, as
It showed that the old company's gas was
running through the meter at a rate vary
ing from 5.S to 5.5 feet per hour. _ *
President Ackerman was well pleased
with the showing made by his product;
"This test does not show as great 1 a dif
ference as some we have made," he said.
"We made a test- last Monday night which
was 25 per cent in our favor, but this last
one is very good. The record shows that
we furnish the same light with 20 per cent
less gas, and we only charge $1 per thou
sand, against $175 charged by the other
companies. Another feature is that our
gas is cleaner. I have here a number of
bottles containing sediment taken from
the pipes of the other company. Our gas
cuts this out and leaves the pipes per
fectly clean. Why, you can cook over our
gas with a silver pan and the bottom.of it
will not be discolored in the least.": .-•
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
HERMANSUL-W. A. TV., City. Her
mansul was a Saxon deity, worshiped in
Westphalia. Charlemange- destroyed the
idol and converted Its temple Into a Chris
tian church. The idol stood on column,
holding a standard In one hand and a bal
ance in the other. On its breast was the
figure of a bear and on its shield a Hon.
Probably it was a war god.
GEOMETRICAL FIGURE-E. N., City.
The geometrical figure asked about can
not be '"drawn with a pencil without lift
ing it from the paper or retracing a line"
In the ordinary way that would be implied
by the quoted words, but it can be done
by a trick; that ls, fold tho paper In such
a manner that when the pencil is drawn
across the paper to make one of the par
allel lines the side of the pencil will pro
duce another parallel line and the balance
of the drawing can be accomplished with
out removing the pencil from the paper
or retracing a line.
THE NAVEL ORANGE— G., City.
The following is given in relation to the
origin of the seedless orange known as
the California navel: In 1873 the Depart
ment of Agriculture at Washington, D.
C, received several orange trees from
Bahla, Brazil, and they were sent to
Riverside, Cal.. where some were budded
on native trees. Nature attempted to
produce twins, but one of the twins sur
vived merely as a protuberance in the
blossom end of the fruit, forming a little
kernel enveloped In the skin. In the. pro
cess the seeds were never fully developed.
The horticultt lists tooit advantage of this
accident to extend the culture of the
seedless -fruit.
BLUING GUN BARRELS— S. S., Dan
ville, Cal. The following ls given as the
methods for bluing gun barrels:
For bluing gun barrels by staining, dissolve
4*_ ounces of hyposulphite of soda in one quart
of water, also 1_ ounces of acetate of lead in
one quart of water. Mix the two solutions and
bring to a boil in a porcelain dish or stone pot.
Clean the gun barrel free from grease, oil or
varnish, warm the Barrel and smear with the
hot solution, using a piece of sponge tied to a
stick. When the color develops wash and wipe
dry; finish with boiled linseed oil.
The bluing of gun barrels is also effected by
heating evenly In a muffle until the desired
blue color is raised, the barrel being first
made clean and bright with emery cloth, 'leav
ing no marks of grease or dirt upon the metal
when the .bluing takes place, then allow to cool
In the air. It requires a great deal of experi
ence to obtain an even clear blue.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsends.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main IMS. *
Suit for Skipper's Wages.
John Ross began suit in the United
States District Court yesterday against
George M. Perrine to recover $1040 alleged
to be due him for wages as master of the
schooner "W. S. Phelps and for money ex
pended by him for supplies and wages for
the crew.
"Mrs. Winslow'a Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. .. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Win-low's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
California Limited.
Santa Fe Route. Leaves Sundays. , Tuesdays
and Fridays. Elegant' service. Vestibuled
sleepers, observation cars. Harvey's Dining
Cars through from California to Chicago with
out change. Get full particulars at company's
office. __ Market st. *
HOTEL DEL ORONADO— advantage,
of the round-trip tickets. Now only 160 by
steamship, .including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay. $3 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street, San Francisco. j
• SICK 5 HEADACHE ABSOLUTELY AND
permanently cured by using Mokl Tea. A
pleasant herb - drink. . Cures constipation and
indigestion, makes - you eat. sleep, work and
happy. Satisfaction guaranteed or money
back. At Owl Drug Co.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA. !
LAST _2 NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY. \
LAST PERFORMANCE SATURDAY NIGHT. .
Wilson Barret's Great Drama,
THE SIGN OF
THE CROSS,
Presented by William Greets London Com-
pany, including CHARLES DALTON.
EXTRA— NEXT MONDAY.
Blanche Walsh and Melbourne MacDowell in
LA TOSCA,
(Blfomla ZIT :
The young American ■ Tragedienne.
NANCE
O'NEIL,
- Adequately Supported.
To-Night, "THE JEWESS."
Saturday Matinee "CAMILLE"
Saturday Evening "OLIVER TWIST"
SUNDAY, repetition by request.
MAGDA,
ALHAMBRA 1 "o-**^ _ and
____ •Jones Sts.
FIVE POPULAR CONCERTS.
TO-NIGHT,
SAT. MAT. and EVE, SUN. MAT. and EYE.
: March 3, 4, ».
SOUSA. _?l
I Bl Ifl __&_ fj
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Under the management of Holden, Mac Don.
aid & Kilgo.
Commencing MONDAY EVENING next, March
6. First production In this city of the
patriotic naval drama,
DEWEY
THE HERO OF MANILA
First appearance of our NEW YORK STOCK
COMPANY.
Consisting of Laura Alberta. Florence Ross-
land, De Witt Clinton. Joseph L. Tracy. Thom-
as Doyle, Charles W. Swain and numeroui
others.
A SUPERB PRODUCTION.
Prices of admission, 10c, i-c and 25c
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Box office now open.
%^®S_
New York's Latest Comedy Hit,
CORA TANNER AND LOUIS MASSEN
In "MY HUSBAND'S MODEL."
EDDY FAMILY, European Acrobats.
THE HULINES, Musical Grotesques.
J. K. MURRAY AND CLARA LANE,
In New Repertoire .of Operatic Selections.
LEW BLOOM AND JANE COOPER. In "A
Picture From Life."
Last Week of EDITH CRASKE, P. C.
SHORTIS AND DE HAVEN AND MAIE.
Reserved Scats, 25c; Balcony, j 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c. • *- -
MATINEES WEDNESDAY. SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY. _
ALCAZAR JTHEATER.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE TO-MORROW.
The Foremost Play of Indian War.
THE GIRL
I LEFT 9
BEHIND ME
By David Belasco and Franklyn Fyles.
PRICES -..-»= 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
Monday Night— Laughing Farce.
A MAN WITH A PAST. .- *•.•--
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreltns. Proprietor and Mgr.
LAST NIGHTS
The Fantastic Comic Opera.
MADELEINE,
Or, THE MAGIC KISS.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2.
NEXT WEEK
THE MYTHOLOGICAL WORK,
"___-_ BELLE HELENB"
(BEAUTIFUL HELEN.)
Offenbach's choicest opera.
Popular Prices .....15c and 50_
N. B.— A reserved seat for the matins., *__,
Oar Telephone. Bush i.
THE SALE OF SEASON TICKETS
AND BOXES
FOR THE SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF
GRAND OPERA
By the ELLIS OPERA COMPANY,
NEW TORS SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA,
COMPLETE CHORUS AND BALLET.
NOW IN PROGRESS at Sherman. Clay &
Co.'s. Prices of seats, $50, $10, 130, $20, accord- .
ing to location. Repertoire first week— Monday,
"Faust," Melba; Tuesday, "Alda," • Gadski;
Wednesday, "La Boheme," Melba and De Lus-
san; Thursday, "Cavalleria Rustleana" and
"I PaKllaccl." Gadski and Chalia; Friday,
"Carmen," De Lussan and Gadski; Saturday
matinee. "Barber of Seville." Melba. ,
CONCEBTS AND I-ESOBTS.
23,897 TICKETS SOLD IN 6 DAYS.
• Enormous Success of the
STEEPLECHASE
AT CENTRAL PARK,
The Greatest Novelty Ever Invented. . Special
Attractions Added Weekly. Ascensions by
VOSMER, the Balloonist. Dally. Punchinello
Mariettes for the Children. World-Renowned
ANIMATOSCOPE Viet*-. Moving Stairs. Elec-
trical Theater, Band Concerts, Etc.
Admission Only 10c. Including "Horses."
■_______--------------»^ , »»»»»'»»»»»*»^*»»»'-»»»»*»M----»-tf
000000000000-fJODOQ
gw PALACE .**3
° GRAND «_____§«
0 SAN _»«-■_- era co. 5
Jf - Connected ly a covered passageway. "
P 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. 1
D . All Cider One Management. *. Q
0 NOTE THE PRICKS: Q
m. European Plan. Sl .oo per day and upw_i_ _
V American Pian.9B.oo per day and upward Q
0 Correspondence Solicited. q .
0 JOHN 0. HREF A'TRIOK. M»_._ _ ~
QjQfIOOOO-OOaOOOOOQd
IA7. T. HESS, 1
' ROTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW, - *
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931. .'"-.
Residence,- 821 California St., below - Powelk
San Francisco.MEN AND WOMEN
LED TO DISHONOR
THE people of San Francisco are reap- *
4 bitter harvest of disgrace, degrada- !
tion,*"dernora'ization and death from ;
the racetracks.' Homes are being |
wrecked. reputations are being ruined and j
men and women are being made thieves
by the dishonest gamblers who are per- j
mitted to thrive by the authorities at
llngleside.I Ingleside. The gates of San Quentin have
closed 'upon many men who were made ,
convicts by horseracing and the portals j
are open for many more who have lost t
honor and home in the dirty pool created !
In our midst by the horse-gamblers. Men :
hay- fled from their .... hide the
disgrace that came to them on the race
course. Some hav*r found oblivion and 1
escape from the sneers of honest men in
suicide. The public cannot estimate the
terrible damage that --•racing has in
flicted upon San Francisco and its citi
zens." : Sj-j v . \v-
These words were spoken yesterday by
one of the most prominent police official**
of this city. The remarks were prompted
•by the revelations and scandals which
have found their source in the, last month
at the racetracks. Men and women are
staking their honor, their homes, their
families and even their lives on the un
fvlen hazard of a horserace. When a
Captain Neail abandons his family, dis
graces his uniform and sacrifices his fu
ture "for a pool ticket the police simply i
shrug their shoulders and add another I
r.sme to the black roll that racing gam
blers are writing for the people of San
Francisco.
When a Bernard Ward is place- behind
th_ -bars and some one whispers "the
bookmakers." the police point to the rec
ord of San Quentin and the Morgue. The I
officers are thinking of the McGlades, the
-Norton*, the Welbufns and the Wldbers,
types of hundreds whose lives have been
.wrecked or lost In -lie passion for gam- j
bling which the race tracks have bred in i
this city. r v
I The. evil has become of such terrible
moment that business men have been j
forced to employ spotters and send them
to the poolrooms and the tracks to watch
their employes. In public and private af- .
fairs the racing habit has played sad i
havoc. Merchants are afraid to trust
their own most trusted employes. In
public, offices, such as that of the County
Cterk. signs are conspicuously posted to j
warn deputies that dismissal will be the I
Immediate penalty for attendance at the
race tracks. A dread has seized upon the
custodians of money and the facts war
rant their fear.
The police estimate that in the last six ,
years over 300 men and a few women }
aye come under the observation of the ■
olice for crlme3 committed under the |
irect inspiration of the race track. Not j
11 of these people found their dishon
-ed end in the penitentiary. Some killed
-.emseives rather than endure their dls
race. Others fled before the authorities
id in opportunity to capture them. A:
?w exercised influence and escaptd pun- ;
hment. Many preyed upon their fami- j
es and sacrificed every dollar that "had j
een honestly hoarded to pay the thefts
tat kept the bookmakers in business.
till .others found their way to prison and j
many are even now in the shadow of a
There is no exaggeration in these state
ments, as official records constitute the
proof. The police also estimate that at
least 500 more men and women have es
caped exposure by compromising with the
people they robbed. These compromises
have been accomplished through private j
ietsctlve agencies, and are therefore not |
-.ffirially of record. The list as the au
horities know it. however. is appalling in ;
:ts. evidence of the crime and misery
which the racetracks have bred in this
Murder and suicide, robbery and .
?mbezzlement, arson and thefts large and '
=mall may be traced directly to the evil
that thrives at Ingleside.
Clerks who were trusted employes are
convicts. Officers who were honored
servants of the Federal, State or muni- !
cipal governments are behind prison bars.
fugitives from justice or suicides. No
class has been spared and as each new,,
revelation adds to the terrifying list the
public wonders where it Is all going to
end. A reference to a few of those who
have found shame or death in the gam- '
bling of the racecourse will demonstrate
the stern seriousness of the problem and
perhaps suggest a solution-
Few have forgotten the sad story of
I=aac Norton, the cashier in the office of ;
the Collector of Internal Revenue, who i
put a bullet, into his brain after the gam
blers of the racetrack had led him to
ruin. "His chief. Osca M. Welburn. soon
followed in the path of dishonor that the j
horse gamblers have beaten with the feet
of disgraced men and women. Welburn .
staked the happiness of his' family and the ■
future of himself on the bookmakers. He
' lost, and and is now a fugitive from jus
tice.-his home destroyed and his family ,
-cattered.
: The' fate of A. C. Widber. who was City
r Treasurer, is still a, vivid object lesson j
= to. those who care to reflect. He is a
convict at San Quentin. 'and that was but j
one- step In his progress from the race j
course. Bled by gambling thieves, be
fuddled by scheming touts and robbed by i.
•unscrupulous bookmakers, he stepped out
of his office In the City Hall to the cell of
a convict at San Quentin.
• Theodore Figel is only an incident in
the long story of shame that records the
existence of the race course in this city.
F}gel was a trusted employe In a large
mercantile firm. He plunged on the races. :
Sent' thousands of dollars to the book
makers, employ- touts and bought
horses. Then he awoke one morning to j
find -.-■'.:" accused of murder and em- '
bezzlement. He was acquitted on both"
--charg'-s. but his thousands that went to I
the race track never came back to him. j
i The scandalous revelations of the Bot- j
kin case are too fresh in the public mind j
to riec-d petition. The race course sup- (
plied a vicious substitute for home, f_m- '
if.- and decent living. Day after day ;
Dunning and .the woman who is accused !
of a monstrous crime were cheek by jowl j
with the motley crowd at the race course, j
MERCHANTS TO REPORT
TO THE SUPERVISORS
INVESTIGATING GEARY-STREET
ELECTRIC FRANCHISE.
Troubles of Superintendent of Streets
• Fragley — at Foot of
• Fillmore Street Abated.
" The application of the Market Street
Railway Company for permission to run
electric cars • down Geary \ street , and
thence into Kearny was not acted upon
by the Street Committee of the Supervia
»ors yesterday. Before the matter was
taken, up a communication was received
from the Merchants' Association asking
that' action be deferred. The officers of
the' association promise to investigate the
matter*, which has created so much talk.
*%v.d -will then report their findings to the
/ ird. ?r -;£"__
The engineer representing the Fair es
tate -.appeared before the committee re
garding the nuisance maintained by the
estate at the foot of Fillmore street.. He
Dunning dissipated his earnings and the j
contributions of his mistress among the
bookmakers and then disgrace and death j
closed the scene on two homes.
The fall of Captain John Neail needs no j
comment. With a future Bright in pros- j
pect and a past honored by success he |
gave up everything, abandoned his wife [
ar.d children, deserted from the United j
States army, robbed his friends and fled .
from the penalty that the law must in
flict. And for it all he has a few pool
tickets to remind him of the race course
at Ingleside. Instead of being what he
was. an honored officer of the Federal j
army, he is an embezzling fugitive.
Peter McGlade adds another name, in |
his own, to the terrible indictment of the I
race course. Until the seductions of the
races lured him down he was trusted a_ I
SOME OF THE VICTIMS OF THE RACE TRACKS
a municipal official, who had served with
credit In various capacities. When the
bookmakers wrote him his last ticket he
fled from the city to escape the conse
quences of a crime. He was caught and
Is now awaiting trial for forgery-
Ingleside has weight? 1 the records of
the local courts with their most pitiable
entries. Men of prominence and men of
no moment in the view of the world are
stamped with the brand of shame and
guilt because the race course is a local
Institution that legislators will not or dare
not molest. Case after case has escaped
promised to have an opening made in the
bulkhead separating tne sewer from the
bay. thus letting In the tide water. The
■place has been pronounced a menace to
. the health of the residents of that dis-
t rict, but the promise was jnade that all
this will be corrected in a scientific man
ner. > r ;'--
There is still trouble over the finances
'• of the Street Department. The Auditor
; and the Supervisors are at variance, and
their differences can hardly be reconciled.
The former, under the advice of his at
torney, will not audit December and Janu
ary bills, although the Supervisors have
decided to transfer money to the street
• fund This, the Auditor ls advised, is 11
--i legal hence the stand he has taken. The
I Finance Committee has taken a hand in
the matter and has advised Superintend
' ent Fiaglev that he must conduct his of-
I fice on 121.000 in March. On this he can
i employ no extra men. but Jt will square
' his funds and permit him the full allow-
I ance hereafter. ... _, 1
The. dollar limit was again the subject
i of discussion before the Street Committee
I yesterday. The discussion was preclpi
i tated by the request of the Federation of
' Mission Improvement Clubs that a special
I levy of $200,000 be made for a sewer sys
i tern for Sunnyside district. The Supervis-
I ors held that they would have to break
! the pledges made at the last election If
i they did so. The proponents of the meas
ure held that the city would be materlal
lv benefited by the expenditure of this
money, as it would make habitable a large
I district The Supervisors have on file suf
ficient requests for improvements to ab
-1 sorb nearly 14,000,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1899. •>
INGLESIDE'S TRAGIC
RECORD OF
DISGRACE AND DEATH
public notice, but In what follows some
thing of the enormity of the evil may be
conceived and the justice of police com
ment will be justified. In passing. Chris
Becker, the forger, needs hardly more
than a mention. He is by instinct and
education a criminal. It is natural that
he should be one of the most notorious
horse gamblers known to the turf.
Not long ago two boys. Henry Walker
and Francis Dunn, broke into a room in a
Market street lodging house and stole a
coat, which they sold for $3. That theft
represented their interest in the gambling
at the local race course, as thousands
upon thousands represented the Interest
of Widber or Figel. The boys were caught
and arrested.' They admitted their guilt
I and declared they had lost all their money
on the races. The reward of their theft,
: paltry as it was, seemed to them sufficient
; to give them a new start in the evil game
■ that has led big and little men In this city
to ruin. The theft of a coat meant dis
! grace to a family and destruction to the
future of two boys.
The horse gamblers like nothing better
than an opportunity to clothe their game
with an atmosphere of the unusual. They
SOUSA AND HIS BAND.
Opening Concert Will Be Given at the
Alhambra Theater To-Night.
Sousa's famous concert band will open
at the Alhambra Theater to-night, and
music-lovers are promised another rare
treat. His concerts have always been dis
tinguished for their cheerfulness and
spirit. From the moment Sousa takes up
his baton the programme moves along
with a dash and whirl that is Infectious
and puts every one in sympathy with the
occasion. There are no depressing waits
or lapses and no time Is lost in giving
parting instructions; every moment is em
ployed in playing something for the pleas- j
ure of the audience.
Evening and afternoon performances ,
will be given both to-morrow and Sun
day. The soloists with the band are
Maud Reese Davis, soprano, and Dorothy i
Hoyle, vlolinlste.
- - - __ ■
Samuel Hendy's Will Filed.
The -r.-ill of the late Samuel Hendy.
brother of the late Joshua Hendy,'- who
died January 13 at Montezuma. Mexico,
was filed for probate yesterday. The tes
tator bequeaths his estate, valued at
$20,000. as follows: A piece of real estate
In Sonoma County to his widow, Frances
A Hendy; to Harold and Mildred Green,
grandchildren; George W. Hendy, a
| have their "boy plungers," and Edward
' Lydon was one of them. He is now an
i unconvicted embezzler, whose mother
: bought his freedom and permitted him to
j become what he is, a shameless tout.
! whose means of existence had best not.be
| discussed. Lydon was a -confidential clerk
■ in the service of X. K. Masten, financial
■ agent of the Southern Pacific Company. !
The young fellow was implicitly trusted.
He kept the trust reposed in him until he
turned to the racecourse.
He became a thief, and on December S. :
; I*^7. was arrested at Ingleside track by
I Detectives Gibson and Wren. The charge I
was embezzlement, the amount $3000.
Lydon " was arrested In the very act of
betting on a race. He was arraigned in
the Police Court, but the charge was dis
missed when his mother made good the
amount of his defalcation.
The course of Robert Heaney was
shorter. It required only two months for
the bookmakers of the racecourse at
Ingleside to make a thief of him. He was
employed by William F. Roberts as a col
lector. Heaney collected $500 one day,
tried his luck on the horses and lost. He
fled to escape arrest and punishment.
nephew, and George C. Hall and Carrie
C. Triplet! . one-sixth each of the residue.
. ■ *> » ; — •
ENGAGEMENT IS ANNOUNCED.
James Newlands Jr. and Mrs. A. S.
Hollister to Be Married.
Mrs. A. S. Hollister of this city publicly
announced her engagement yesterday to
James New-lands Jr.. nephew of Con
gressman Francis Newlands of Nevada.
Although the engagement of the couple
has existed for several months past, they
kept it a secret until the approach of the
weeding, which has been set for next
Wednesday at the home of the bride.
Mrs. Hollister is the daughter ot James
B. Stevens, assistant United States Ap
praiser for this port. She la well known
in social circles " and her engagement
comes in the nature of a surprise to her
many friends.
Mr. Newlands is the son of James New
lands, president of a number of the south
end Con-stock mines.. The groom Ijns
managed the land transactions of the
Sharon estate- at Burllngame and other
places for some time past.
; ■ ♦ ■
"How to' Succeed in Life,'' by th*
great showman Barnum, from a re
cently discovered manuscript, in ns_:t
Sunday's Call.
-
Few, perhaps, have forgotten the story
of Jennie Zwald, the little woman who
led a double life until the climax came in
disgrace. She was a bookkeeper in a
downtown mercantile firm. She became
infatuated I with a racehorse tout, and
through him began to bet on the races.
She made her tout her betting commis
sioner, and the firm for which she worked
was robbed of several thousand dollars,
which went into the coffers of the book
maker..
The cases of John Dougherty and Ber
! nard Ward are still occupying the atten
i tion of the police and the courts. These
men are accused of robbing the Marine
Fire Insurance Company and the accusa
tion has timely interest from the fact
that both men played the local races
heavily.
The dramatic close to the career of A.
J. Bergmann as a plunger at Ingleside
perhaps has been forgotten. In tha dark
record of crime that the local racetrack
has given to San Francisco such affairs
are numerous enough to be forgotten
quickly. Bergmann was bookkeeper for
the California Ink Company. He thought
he was a match for the bookmakers at
| TO REPAIR BUSH STREET.
Grand Jury Takes Up the Old Fight
of the Property-Owners.
The Grand Jury devoted much of its
I time yesterday to the consideration of the
! condition of Bush street. During the ad
; ministration of Mayor Ellert the rails.
; which were the property of the Sutter
Street Railway Company, were removed.
This left the street in worse condition
than it was originally, a's where the rails
' had been removed it left deep ruts.
A committee of the Grand Jury visited
the Street Committee during the after
i noon and asked that the desired relief be
granted by that body. Chairman Algel
tine-er explained that the committee had
done its beat to correct the evil, but had
not succeeded. The jurymen were then
referred to the City and County Attorney
to: ascertain If the aid of •-'• law cmil-l
be Invoked in the premises. A determined
effort will be made to have the street
I placed in order by rite company responsi
ble for Its present <•■!'•'-'''
_ -^~ ■
! Civil Service Esaiuin-.ti-n.
The United States Civil Service Com
f mission inmotir.ees that bxafnlratlons for j
I the positions of Inspect*-.' of Hulls and]
} Inspector of DoMers. _-e.-.mbcat lr.M>«£
I tion service at Abskf!. will oe held in
f this city on March I". The salary ofj
* each' sw-itlvn is $1500 per annum. Appll- '
REVELATIONS OF
THE PENITENTIARY
! Ingleside. He robbed his employer of i
j $6000 and Is now serving a term of three
j years at San Quentin.
Claus Isakson furnished an example
similar to that of' Bergmann." Isakson ,
■, was the secretary of the Pacific Rolling
' Mills. He was caught in the net of the ;
[ bookmakers, robbed his employers of I*ooo
: and fled from the State. He has never j
been captured.
Women as well as men have been :
: caught in the trap that the race course j
; managers have been permitted to _et in ,
'. the city. Hundreds of women are dally !
in attendance at the Ingleside racing [
, course. Many of them gamble heavily ;
and the record of some of them tells the |
pathetic story of the source of their '■
; money. Mrs. Elizabeth Shields, who is j
' now an inmate of the County Jail, is one j
of the unfortunate victims of the book
makers. She learned the desperate game
gradually. She began with small bets,
then increased her wagers until all she
possessed was hazarded. Then she lost
and to obtain more money with which to
gamble she set fire to her home. .She
pleaded guilty to a charge" of arson. Her
alleged accomplice Is Henry Beacom, who
Is still held to answer.
Mrs. Kate Malcomson Is another wo
man who was blinded by the bookmakers
until all her money was gone and she re
sorted to the commission of a crime to
cants must be between the ages of 25 and
55, and legal residents of the Pacific
Coast. Application blanks (form 1087) can
be secured from the secretary of the
Postofflce Examining Board, room 3, post
office. *-*:;*
ROBBED BY HIS FRIEND.
John L. Baumgardener a Victim of
Misplaced Confidence.
John L. Baumgardener. '.- Mason street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Graham's
court yesterday for the arrest of "John
Doe" on a. charge of grand larceny.
Wednesday night he met a man on Ma
son street whom he thought he recog
nized as an old acquaintance. The man
did not disabuse him of the Idea and they
had a number of drinks at Baumgarden
er's expense. They finally went to Baum- i
gardener's room, where they continued to !
indulge In whisky.
Baumgardener's suspicions were aroused »
when ho saw his guest put a powder in » j
glass cf whisky, .which he wanted mm to
<irink. He refused, and shortly after he
fell asleeo. When he aw.>ke yesterday j
morning "John _K_>" had disappeared
with .£o> belcnging :o him. which Be had!
takm irom his pockets. He said he could j
recognize tin man agate:
Ynu car get a good piano to-day for
575 at Mauvais', 76'j Market street. *
obtain more. She is now a convict, serv-
Ing a term of five years at San Quentin.
She set fire to her home on Taylor street.
She was caught and convicted. When
asked what she Intended to do when she
Is released from prison, she replied calm
ly that she intended to play the races.
Mrs. Eugenia Schuller, who was ac
cused of arson, but was exonerated In
court of all guilt, declared to Fire Mar
shal Towe that she found . the keenest
enjoyment in playing the races. These
women are types of the women who may
be seen any day in the grand stand at
Ingleside.
Perhaps one of __< saddest of all the
tragedies that have their inception at the
race course and their conclusion at the
Morgue is that of William J. Lyons, who
was employed as a trusted bookkeeper by
the Pacific Gas Company. Lyons was led
gradually into the game that thrives at
Ingleside. He won and then lost. He
robbed his employers to recover his losses.
He lost again and stole more. His thefts
became so great that he was forced to
falsify his books. Having falsified his
records he was forced to destroy them,
and In desperation he set fire to the safe.
He was between $4000 and $5000 short in
his cash. Detection was certain and ha
fled from the city. The next day he was
found at Berkeley dead, with a bullet in
his brain. The searchers found twenty
six pool tickets in one of his pockets.
Lyons had played the races to a finish.
The story of Oscar Anderson is a short
one. He robbed Charles Nelson of •*_**-. a
month ago and disappeared. The book
makers have the money.
Robert Lawson is perhaps not yet for
gotten as the young man who was clever
enough to Impose upon E. M. Greenway.
Lawson was an inveterate gambler at the
racetrack. and consequently needed
money. He sold Greenway some bottled
water under the pretense that it was a
liniment. That offense was unpunished,
but it was not long before Lawson needed
more money. The races are hard to beat
as they are manipulated on the local
track. Lawson forged the name of Miller
& Lux to a telegram and filched several
hundred dollars from local firms. He was
arrested, tried, convicted and sentenced
to serve a term of two years at San
Quentin. His place of residence was
changed to the County Jail, where he is
now Imprisoned. In his conviction the
local racetrack lost a patron and a vic
tim.
Daniel Lynch, a young fellow who held
creditably a position as bookkeeper for the
firm of Anderson & Co., ship chandlers. is
another convict at San Quentin who owes
the tragedy of his life to Ingleside. Ha
was led to gamble on the races, embezzled
$1200 from his employers and is now serv
ing a term of imprisonment of three
years.
Bayard Saville was one of the pets of
the bookmakers. He was not only a good
fellow, but a good thing, and for his good
fellowship to the crafty gamblers of In
gleside he is now serving at San Quentin
a term of fourteen years for forgery- Sa
ville played the races heavily and lost.
He practiced a forgery upon Mrs. Bell,
was caught and then convicted.
Henry Sloan, who was notorious as a
gambler at the race track, is also at San
Quentin for a term of ten years. He
found it necessary to commit forgery to
play the game. Sloan is well connected
In this city and New York, but he was
utterly ruined by the masters of Ingleside.
The race course never showed itself
more conclusively a feeder for the peni
tentiary than It did in the cases of Ste
phen Rosenbaum, Dr. Starke, W. F.
Rodgers and son. who were all sent
to San Quentin prison as the direct con
sequence of their operations on the race
course. These men had played the races
and lost. They gave up their legitimate
employment, bet and lost all their money
and then schemed to fight the sharks of
the course with their own weapons. The
quartet of gamblers flooded the track
with counterfeit money. Federal detec
tives were placed on the case and the
counterfeiters were soon behind the bars.
Young Rodgers died in prison. His father
and Rosenbaum are still serving their
term. Starke, who is a member of a re
spectable family, was released about a
month ago.
It is not an infrequent Incident that
thieves bite at the game of thieves and
are caught. W. A. Williams, who Is serv
ing a term at San Quentin, is an exam
ple. -Williams is a notorious criminal. Ha
operated in this city and lost his ill-got
ten gains at the race track. He was tha
rascal who forged the name of Leland
Stanford.
J, E. Bachmann is one of the most re
cent victims whose crime has been discov
ered. He was treasurer of a local frater
nal society, and in. that capacity had
charge of a great deal of money. He
thought that he could play against the
bookmakers and he tried. He lost, stole
several thousand dollars from the society
of which he was treasurer and placed the
stolen atony with the bookmakers. De
was caught, tried, convicted and sen
tenced to serve a term of rive years at
San Quentin. He has learned bitterly the
lesson of the track.
John W. Jordan, formerly a porter in
the postoffioe. robbed the mails to play
the races. The game was with him as It
has been for so many. He lost and was
sent to the penitentiary for a year. He
was recently released.
Charles T. Jensen tried another road
that leads to the pool box. He passed sev
eral fictitious checks on local grocers.
His fraud was discovered. He was con
victed and is now at San Quentin for a,
term of two years.
M. Buja is another victim.
James D. Page is still another.
The list is a long one, replete with the
'. tragedy of life in many phases. The peo
! pie of San Francisco are paying dearly
for the luxury of the racecourse. .The
names that have been given do not by
any means complete the roll. They serve
- simply as types for the 300 that have come
beneath the scrutiny of the police and the
500 that have their secret of shame hid
den in the safes of private detectives.
HAS FOUI-ID THE AUTHOR.
James E. Slinkey Discovers the Wo*
man Who Wrote the Anony
mous Letter. ",,"■-* ...
James E. Slinkey yesterday notified Cor-
I oner. Hill that he had discovered the
author of the anonymous letter written
several weeks ago accusing Slinkey of
having murdered his wife.
The wife of Mr. Slinkey committed sui
cide at the Sausalito House on Ellis street
last January by hanging herself. After
the body had been burled Dr. Hill re
ceived a letter Intimating that the woman
had been murdered. Acting on this, the
i body was exhumed by the Coroner, and
after a careful investigation it was, found
that the allegation made in the letter was
false. Dr. Hill told Mr. Slinkey that if he
• could find the author of the letter an ar
j rest would follow.
Since that time Slinkey has been work
ing quietly on* the case, and yesterday he
totk Dr. Hill some letters, the hand
i writing of which corresponds with that of
the anonymous letter. Mr. Slinkey gave
I the name of the author, who is a woman,
| to Dr. Hill, and the latter wrote the
i woman requesting her to call at the Cor
j oner's office this morning. In case the
' woman does not comply with the doctor s
request a warrant will be sworn out for
her arrest. Dr. Hill and Mr. Slinkey both
I refused to give the name of the- woman.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS,
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley dull.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Bran and Middlings firm.
Hay unchanged and dull.
Beans rule firm..
Potatoes and Onions weak.
Vegetables continue to decline.
Butter lower and Eggs demoralized.
Poultry and Game about the _a_ae.
Apples doing better.
Citrus Fruits unchanged.
Provisions as before.
Previous prices for Meats.
OUR ACCOUNT WITH SPAIN.
AND OUR STANDING AS TO EXPORTS AND
IMPORTS. j
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"It is true that some misgivings may seem
to be suggested by the fact that we shall soon
have to remit $20,000,000 to Spain on account of ;
the peace settlement. And it is quite possible ,
that this operation, coming outside the ordi
nary transactions of the exchanges, may in \
some measure harden the local rate of Interest. 1
And yet, for these extraordinary times, this la 1
a relatively small matter. The available re
sources for making the settlement are super
abundantly ample. Outside the gold reserve,
the treasury has an available cash balance in |
its vaults of 886,000,000 and 886,000,000 on deposit
with the national banks. There ls thus ample
______ for the treasury avoiding any demand ,
upon its depositories in this city calculated to
sensibly disturb the loan market; and what it
can do In that matter it is quite likely to do. j
There is in Europe, however, a still large out
standing floating indebtedness due on demand ,
to the United States. A slight advance in the ;
rate of interest here would make it a paying
operation to effect the 820.000.0-10 remittance
through bills drawn against these funds; la j
which case there would be no transfers of :
money In the operation, Spain collecting her |
award from our European debtors and the
operation at this end being confined to trans- ;
fers of deposits, with little or possibly no effect
upon the loaning ability of the New lork
banks This remittance to Spain therefore, ■
come when it may, Is not likely to cause any
noteworthy disturbance of the local money |
market.
"It begins to appear probable that we are j
entering upon an appreciable abatement of the
extraordinary surplus of exports over imports
that has prevailed for the last eighteen months.
The imports are gaining upon the figures of
several mdnths past. The January figures are !
about $10,000,000 below those of 1*95 and 1896
respectively, but they exceed those of 189S by
87.600,000 and those of 1897 by 87,100.000. The
exports for January exceed those for the like !
month in any previous year, being $7,500,000
above those of 1898, the next highest ante- j
cedent year—but they fall 818,200.000 below the
average for December, November and October,
which is no more than is due. however, to the j
usual curtailment of shipments after the close (
of the year. The January excess of merchan
dise exports over imports, however, has fallen j
to the standard of one year ago, namely $57,
--000 000 which is $25,700,000 below the balance -
fcr' December. $20,600,00-) below November, j
ja poo ivio less than October and 814.400,000 over '■
September. Still, the January balance is at I
the rate of 8685.000,000 per annum. These facts '
Indicate that the accumulation of balances to
our credit in Europe must have very much more ■
than sufficed for offsetting the extraordinary
return of home securities since the beginning
of January, and it seems reasonable to infer
that the liquidation of the settlement with
Spain must leave still a very large sum to our
ered't abroad, liable to be liquidated in gold j
upon our demand."
THE LUMBER TRADE.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron thus reviews the
lumber- trade in February:
"The receipts of lumber, both redwood and
spruce, show quite an Increase, but there is
no change to note in prices. The foreign de
mand keeps up and the Humboldt mills are
prepared to keep up with their orders. The !
air is full of rumors of consolidations of various ;
redwood interests, but nothing really definite I
has come to the surface and may not for some
future time, but it cannot be denied that the j
redwood prospects are brighter than they have !
b*en for years, and it Is hoped that the manu- j
facturers will scon be on Easy street.
"As to shingles, the market is practically
in the same condition as when last reported ,
in Wood and Iron, but the time is imminent
when the strong, carefully worked Eastern field
will receive its attention, and then the red
wood shingle will be where its superior quali- I
ties should place it— the head and above all ,
other classes and grades. The coming spring
must result in an influx of orders for a grow
ing Eastern demand has been naturally created.
"Hardwoods are where they were last month,
save that there seems to be an increasing local
demand and prices are firm and responsive.
The extreme climatic conditions prevailing j
during the month of February' have made the !
lumber business practically non est. Such is
the radical difference between the West and
the East, for the business in the lumber trade i
circles of the first named section is good an
encouraging and in the latter actually at a
standstill."
STOCKS OF GRAIN.
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Steller re
ports stocks of grain in warehouse and on
wharf March 1. as follows (tons):
Feb. 1. March 1.
Wheat Port Costa 68.518 61.498
Wheat. Stockton 21.494 .097 :
Wheat. San Francisco 7,546 6,998
Barley, Port Costa 5.023 880
Barley. Stockton 2.807 1.960
Barley. San Francisco 12."53 10.498 ■
Oats ' 6.145 4.41--. -
Corn ' 690 752
Bran 130 2"
Receipts in February were 4029 tons Barley.
6SI tons Oats. 217 tons Corn and 2074 tons Bran.
CUSTOMS COLLECTIONS.
Local customs collections In February were
$519,903. against $490,600 in February. IMS. For
the first two months of the year they were
$1,056,003. against $1,007,400 for the same time
last year.
§
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 2, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours: --_:
-?<-.* Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.30 23.46 26.7.!
Red Bluff 0.02 13.26 12.07
Sacramento Trace 7.93 8. do
San Francisco 0.01 8.00 7.32
Fresno 0.00 3.74 3.45
Sac Luis Obispo 0.00 7.20 5.15
Los Angeles.... 0.00 2.92 4._
San Diego 0.00 3.71 B.lis
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.23
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
86: minimum, 47; mean. 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy throughout Washing
ton. Oregon, Idaho, Nevada and Northern Cali
fornia; elsewhere on the Pacific Slope it is
generally clear. Light rain or snow has fallen
over the greater portion of the country west
of the Rocky .tains north of Central Cali
fornia ar.d Nevada. It is snowing In North
ern Nevada this evening.
Tie temperature has remained Stationary ex
cept in Northern Nevada and Southern Idaho,
where it has fallen.
Conditions are favorable for generally fair
weather in California Friday, with fresh north
west wind.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight March 3:
Northern California—Fair Friday except part
ly cloudy on the northern coast; fresh north
west wind. '•',*-
Southern California—Fair Friday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada—Cloudy Friday, with snow in the
mountains.
Utah— Snow Friday: cooler.
Arizona— "air in southern portion: cloudy In
north portion, with snow In mountains of north
portion; cooler north Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Friday;
fresh northwest wind. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
J
NEW YORK. March The stock market
displayed weakness, particularly the Grangers
and specialties, practically all day with but
incidental rallies. There, was an appearance
of support of certain stocks In the final deal
ings which caused a fairly steady close, al
though the Grangers were still under pres
sure. There was no news to account for
the decline except a firmer tone to money,
call rates touching 3*_, attributable to call
issued preliminary to the settlement between
the Central Pacific Railroad and the Govern
ment. The easier tone of sterling exchange
was a natural accompaniment of the firmer
tone in money, indicating that an Increased
demand for money might contract, the volume
of American funds now loaned abroad. There
were denials from bank officials of the cur
rent assertion that undue discrimination was
being exercised against the Industrial collater
al. Selling orders appeared from Boston. and
Chicago houses, and London, while trading
both ways moderately, took rather less stock
• than it sold. By the bear attacks, many
stop-loss orders were uncovered which ac
celerated the decline. The weakness ; affected
nearly everything, while especially heavy fea
tures were Metropolitan, Jersey Central,. Pacific
Mail, Pittsburg, C. C. and St. Louis, Rubber
and Brooklyn Transit. American Tobacco left
oft" with a gain of 2_ on the formal action
of the directors preliminary to the absorption
of the Union Company. ,-.?
The bond market to-day bore up remarkably
well, considering the pressure against stocks.
Some Issues made an aggressive show of
•U-Urth, particularly Louisville, Evansvllle
and St. Louis 6s, which rose 3 points. Atchi
son adjustments had good backing^ and the
St. Louis Southwestern issues were better sup
ported, than for some days. Operations else
where were somewhat irregular, but there were
no conspicuous losses outside of Southern Rail
way 6s, and Standard Rope and income.
The new Central Pacific and Southern Pa
cific bonds issued in connection with the re
habilitation of the Central Pacific Railroad,
were dealt in to-day. but ran off from the
high prices in sympathy with the weakness
of the connecting stocks. Total sales, 34,505,000.
United States 3_ and the os advanced % in the
bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 707,800
Bhares, including 11,300 Atchison; 76,530 Atchi
son preferred; 11.63,'. Central Pacific: 54,223 Bur
lington; 7767 Manhattan; 17,535 Metropolitan;
16.460 Reading preferred; 5970 Missouri Pacific;
4030 M. K. and T. preferred; 14,920 Northern
Pacific; 3075 do preferred; 14,080 Ontario and
Western; 9555 R»ck Island; 13,055 Union Pa
cific; 29,295 St. Paul; 10,660 Southern Pacific;
6530 Texas and Pacific; 16,050 Union Pacific pre
: ferred; 9450 American Spirits; 11,500 do pre
' ferred; 13,540 Tobacco; 23.500 Steel; 11,235 do
i preferred; 7665 People's Gas: 46,750 B. R. T. ;
| 4320 Pacific Mail; 24,680 Sugar; 9230 Leather
i preferred; 8705 Rubber.
CLOSING STOCKS.
I Atchison 22 St Louis & SF 11%
Do prefd 60% Do prefd 71
: Baltimore & Ohio. 7u% Do 2d prefd 37*. j
! Canada Pacific 89% St Paul 127%
' Canada Southern.. 57 Do prefd 168%
Cent Pac.. 49% St P & Om 92
Ches & Ohio 26% Do prefd 170 !
Chi & Alton 173 So Pacific 33% !
Chi B & Q. 135% So Karl way 12%
i Chi & E 111 66% Do prefd 47%
Do prefd 124 Texas & Pacific 24% j
Chi G W 16% I Union Pacific 46% |
! Chi Ind & L 9 | Do prefd 78%
Do prefd 43% U P D & G 12%
: Chi & N W 147 Wabash 8% j
Do prefd I*l% Do prefd 21%
| C C C & St L 56% Wheel & L E : 11% :
Do prefd 96 I Do prefd '.. 33 j
I Del & Hudson 11l | Express Companies- ,'
Del L & W 156 .'Adams Ex 112 j
| Den & Rio G 22 American Ex 189 <
Do prefd 7:-!% United States 55
i Erie (new) 14% ■ Wells Fargo 125 |
Do Ist prefd" 37%. Miscellaneous —
Ft Wayne 178 A Cot Oil 34
, Gt Nor prefd 184 ! ' Do prefd 91%
Hocking Val 5% Am Spirits 13 j
I Illinois Cent 114% Do prefd 38
j Lake Erie & W... 19 iAm Tobacco 186%
Do prefd 65% Do prefd 143 j
; Lake Shore 200 I.Cons Gas 213%
Louis _.- Nash 63% 'Com Cable Co IS6
Manhattan L 110 .Col F & Iron 32% |
. Met St Ry 236% Do prefd 94
'Mich Cent 113 Gen Electric 112
Minn & St L 52% Haw Com Co 76
Do Ist prefd 99 | Brooklyn R T 89% |
Mo Pacific 44_ Inti Paper 57%
Mobile & Ohio 37 j Do prefd 8"
Mo X & T 13% Laclede Gas 52
Do prefd 38% Lead 34
N J Central 105% Do prefd 112%
N V Central 13.0% Federal Steel 49%
■ N V Chi & St L... 14 ! Do prefd 87
Do Ist prefd 63 Nat Lin Oil 5%
Do 2d prefd 33 | Pacific Mail 48
i Nor West 18% People's Gas 111. !
I No Amer Co 8% Pullman Pal 155
■ No Pacific, 52% Silver Certificates. 59% :
Do prefd 78% Standard R & T... 9% !
1 Ontario & W 25%! Sugar 137% ;
i Or R _ Nay 40 | Do prefd 113% i
Or Short Line 42% T C & Iron 43% i
j Pac C Ist prefd 89 U S Leather -_
Do 2d prefd 64 I Do prefd 69%
; Pittsburg IS-) U S Rubber 48%
Reading 21%' Do prefd 113
Do Ist prefd Western Union . '.'3%
; R G W 36 lOr Nay prefd 70
Do prefd 75% i Pac Coast 47
j Rock Island 116%! Colo Southern 7
St Louis & S W... 9% 1 Do Ist prefd 58
Do prefd 26%' l Do 2d prefd 20% I
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3s 107% IN V Central 1ata. .115%
U S new 4s reg..!29 N J C 5s ..117%
Do coup 129 North Carolina 65. 130
US is 111% Do 4s 104
Do coup 113%! No Pac lsts 115
Do 2ds 99% l Do .is 68%
U S 5s reg 112%| Do 4s 2%
Do 5s coup 112% N V C <<- S L 45. 107%
District 3.65s 117 INor & W 6s .. 130%
i Ala class A .... 109 Northwest consols.l 43
Do B 109 Do deb 5s 122
Do C 100 O Nay lsts .... 11l
Do Currency ....100 'O Nay 4s 101%
Atchison 4s 101% I O ? Line 6s tr... 128%
Do adj 4s 83% O S Line 5s tr....1H>%
Can So 2ds 109 (Reading 4s S9
C & O 4%s 98% R G W lsts 94%
Chicago Term 45.. 95% Si I. & I M Con 55. 11 l
C<_ Ohio 5s lIS St L& S F Gen 65. 123%
C H & D 4V.s 104% St P Con 104
D _ R G lsts 108% 81 P C _ P 15t5. .122%
1 D _ R G 4s IOOUi D 5s 120
East Term lsts 104% So Ry 5s 105%
. Erie Gen 4s 72% Standard R & T Et 87%
F W & D lsts tr. 85 Term new set 3s .. 97%
1 Gen Elec 5s 115 Tex Pac L G lsts. ll3
[OH-S A 65. ...109 j Do Reg 2ds 52%
Do 2ds 110 Union Pac 4s 104%
H&T Css 109 V P D & G lsts.. 88%
Do con 6s 111% Wabash Ist 5s 115
' lowa C lsts 107 I Do 2ds 95
La new consols 4s. 109% W Shore 4s 112%
L &'N I'nl 45.... 95% Va Centuries 83 .
j Pac Con 6s 115% Do deferred 7
M K& T 2ds 68 Wis Cent lsts .... 68%
Dr. 4s 93 ;Colo Southern 45.. 87%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 40 Ontario 5 50
Crown Point 20 Ophir 115
Con cal & Va . 00 1 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 5 A Quicksilver 2CK I j
Gould ft Curry.... 40 Do prefd 600 1
Hale & Norcross.. 85 Sierra Nevada —135 i
Homestake 55 00 Standard 2 75
Iro* Silver 65 Union con 55
Mexican 75 1 Yellow Jacket .... 2.0
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I Do prefd 112
! Call loans 2%-£3% Westingh Elec .... 49%
Time loans 3%@4 Wis Cent 1%
Stocks— Atchison prefd ... 61
A T ft St Fe 22 Bonds—
! Amer Sugar 137% Atchison 4s 100
Do pretd 114-.. Mining Shares-
Bay State Gas .2 11-16 Allouez Mm C 0.... 10%
Bell Tel 350 Atlantic 36
Boston & Albany.. 247 Boston & Mont ..370
Boston & Maine. ..l7o Butte ft Boston. 94
Boston L B(i% Calumet & Hec1a..770
Chi Bur & Q 137% {Centennial 51%
Fltchburg 113 Franklin 25
Gen Electric 112. Old Dominion 38
Fed Steel 49% Osceola 92%
Do prefd 87 IQulney IGS j
Mexican Central... 6 Tamarack 22".
Old Colony 201 Wolverine 45
Rubber 49 Parrott 41%
Union Pac *6%; Humboldt '. 2%
West End 94 .Adventure 14%
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 2.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here showed a universal lull in
speculation. Americans zigzag-ed within nar
row limits. London interest in them seems to
have vanished. They were bought slightly in
the morning, but the close was nearly at the
bottom. Paris bought some. Tintos were 39%;
Anacondas. 9 11-16. Money was in good de
mand.
CLOSING.
LONDON. March Closing: Canadian Pa
cific, 92%; Northern Pacific preferred, 71%;
Union Pacific preferred, 81%; Grand Trunk,
8%; bar silver, steady, 27 7-16 d per ounce;
money, 2 per cent.
NEW -YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. March 2.— FLOUR— Receipts.
13.930 barrels; exports, 32.264. Dull and barely
steady.
WHEAT— 79,200 bushels; exports,
140,059. Spot, easy; No. 2 red. 85®85%C f. o. b.
afloat to arrive and spot. Options opened easy
and were influenced by bearish- news most of
the day. Among the chief selling motives were
lower cables, warmer temperature west, . mod
erate clearances and lack of outside support.
Near the close shorts became suddenly alarmed
over big export rumors and rallied the market
sharply and closed firm, but %c net lower.
March. 82%®84%c, closed 83% c; May, 77 3-16®
77 4 c. closed 77' 2 - '■.'" -' -.\ ; -.-.,■'
HOPS— Steady.
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL- Firm.
METALS— Lead eased off slightly in the day's
market and tin scored a shade advance. Aside
from the variations the situation was devoid of
significant change. Taken on the whole busi
ness was conducted on a moderate scale. The
news from abroad and the West was hardly of
a character tending to stimulate buyers. At
the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIGIRON — Warrants unchanged; $9 50@10
LAKE Unchanged, with 417 75 bid
and $18 asked.
TlN— Firmer, with 824 bid and $24 25 asked.
LEAD— Easy, with $4 25 bid and 84 30 asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 10 and for cop
per $18.
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $6 25 bid and
$6 50 asked.
COFFEE Options closed easy; February un
changed, others 64915 points lower. Sales, 30.
---250 bags. Spot --Rio, dull and easy; No. 7 in
voice, 6%c: No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c; mild, quiet;
: Cordova, _@14c.
1 SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3%c; cen-
I trifugal, 96 test. 4%c; molasses sugar, 3 11-16 c;
, refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 2293 packages. Very
j firm. Western creamery, 16@21c; Elgins, 21c;
factory. 12.14% c.
EGGS— 'Receipts, 1422 packages. Very firm.
Western, 30c; Southern, SSfcf-Oc.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, March 2.— California dried
fruits:
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7_' c ;%c;
prime wire tray. s%*(3 choice, 9%@»*_t; fancy,
9%'«:ioc. " -. ..--*
PRUNES— 4*4f*-oc. '- - !; '
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 12514 c: Moorpark. 13_*17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. S@llc; peeled, 25_23c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. March 2.— AH the early news was
against the price and wheat started weak.
The weather was moist and mild, the Liver
pool market was %d lower, and the Price
Current's weekly summary said the wheat
plant was not Injured, to any widespread ex
] tent. Under such conditions May wheat com
j menced %_>% c lower at 73{g73"mc, and buyers
were not numerous at over 73c. Numerous
buying orders were received from country
points in Illinois and Indiana for wheat. The
market held stubbornly firm around opening
prices until about an hour from the start, but
after that selling Increased and finally, after
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL.; FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1899.
a severe struggle around 73c for May the bears
got the upper hand and broke the price down
to 72*£ c. Additional rains were falling: in Cali
fornia and it was generally believed that the
drought situation had been thoroughly relieved.
The market continued heavy with offerings in
excess of the demand until about twenty min
utes from the* close, when on ■attempt of early
sellers to restore holdings the price shot up
rapidly. May closed at 72% c, a net decline of
%c.
Corn was rather heavy in sympathy with
wheat. Receipts were quite moderate and
cables were *id lower. May closed a shade
lower. '
Trade in oats was small and without special
Incident. May lost V*c.
The price of provisions took quite a Jump
at the start when it was known that the in
crease in stocks of cut meats and lard was
considerably less than had been looked for. The
close was at an advance of s@7*4c for pork, 60
in lard and a shade higher In ribs. .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. v Close.
Wheat No. 2— '
May 73H 7314 72V4 72%
July 71*4 72"* 10% ,71%
Corn No; 2—
May 36% 36% 36% 36»i
July 37* 37\i 36% f!%
September 37% 37% 37% 87%
Oats No. 2—
May 2SV4 28*4 27% • 28
July 26*4 26*4- 25% 26V4
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 955 9 57*4 9 424 »BO
July 9 67% 9 67*4 960 960
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 5 42'j 5 47*4 6 42*4 645
July 6 67« 560 655 5 i>7*4
September 5 67*4 5 72*4 6 67*4 670
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— .
May 485 4 87*4 480 4 87%
July ' 4 974 500 4 92*4 495
I September 5 07*4 5 07*4 605 5 07*
Cash quotations were, as follows:
Flour, quiet and steady: No. 2 spring wheat,
6S@7lc; No. 3 spring wheat. 64@71c; No. 2 red,
72ij73c: No. 2 corn, 35>hi?36c; No. 2 oats 27% c;
No 2 white, 3014©31 c; No. 3 white. 29%®S0*c;
No. 2 rye, 56v;c: No 2 barley. 42@51c; No. 1
flax seed. $1 14*; prime timothy seed. $2 40;
mesa pork, per barrel. $9 30®9 35; lard, per 100
.pounds. *E 32*iS5 35; short ribs sides (loose)
*$4 " 74 70; dry salted shoulders, 4'4@4%0; short
i clear" side's (boxed). $4 9096: whisky, distillers'
I finished goods, per gallon, $1 26.
Articles— .Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 18.000 21.000
"Wheat, bushels So. ooo 9,000
Corn 'bushels W6.000 191.000
Oats, bushels 235.000 256.000
Rye bushels 14.000 3.000
Barley, bushels 30.000 . 15.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries. 14@20c: Dai
ries, UH@lTc. Eggs, firm; fresh. ISc. Cheese,
steady; "unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities • Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 131,940 33.550
Duluth 163.7tt 1.24.1
Milwaukee *0.600 9.100
Chicago 84.540 9.013
Toledo 13.115 33.000
St Louis 9.000 8.000
Detroit 11.761 7.755
Kansas City •■ '-3.000 . 37.500
Totals .527.723 139,523
Tidewater—
Boston .r. 4.588 140.059
New York ■ 79,100 11.4.0
Philadelphia 21.023
Baltimore 21.762
Galveston •
New Orleans 24.360
Totals 150.933 151,529
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 5 7% 6 SH 6 7*'
Closing 5 1% 6.% 5 ,', 8
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour March. May.
Opening 43 95 44 20
Closing «75 44 10
OS"" 2100 2110
CALIFORNIA RAISINS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. March 2.— The Journal of Com
merce says: The impression among those here
who have closely watched recent developments
in the Coast raisin industry is that yesterday's
meeting would result in no definite action.
Postponement for a week or more would prob
ably h» had, and during the interval every
effort would be made to secisre the co-operation
of recalcitrant growers. Even in the event of
final failure to reorganize the association, little
fear seems to be felt that the market will be
come demoralized by dumping upon it the bal
ance of the stock controlled by the association.
Officers of the association, it is claimed, have
virtually made a contract with every Jobber
who has bought not to permit the market to
decline below prices fixed by the association
during the balance of th* season, and it is con
fidently believed that they will carry out the
agreement made several weeks ago. when reso
lutions were passed to sell what stock re
maleiKi. If not taken by regular distributors.
to wineries or for export. The stock held by
1 the association is said not to exceed 600 cars,
though in pome quarters it is believed to be 100
or 200 carp more. Whether 600 or 800 cars, this
stock is understood to represent almost the
entire holdings of first hands on the Coast,
outsiders having little or nothing left. Last
year at this time the visible supply in first
hands exceeded 1000 cars. Thus, while there
may be no renewal of the growers' agreement,
'conservative pporl? believe there is little rea
son to expect there will be much if any decline
in prices should the combination not be con
tinued particularly, as present supplies in the
hands of distributers In the East are com
paratively light and the stock now in sight
will have to supply the market for at least six
months to come.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. March 2. — CATTLE — Cattle were
strong early, but the general offerings showed
more or less weakness. Fancy cattle brought
J5 70«5 £5: choice stpers. $ r > 80<g»5 65; mediums.
$4 ►•„-.'., 4 95; beef steers, $3 Ro«j4 60; stockers and
fevers. J3 2n<54 65; bulls, $'.' BO@4 20; cows and
heifers, $3 30@4; Western steer?.. $4 184J5 60;
Texas Bteers. $3 5004 95: calves. $3 50Q6 So.
HOGS— Hogs ruled s®loc higher. Fair to
choice $3 7.V53 85; heavy packing lots, $3 55®
3 72%; mixed 13 55@3 80: butchers, $3 Bo®3 85;
light. *3 55«3 ; pigs, 13 2003 60. ]
SHEEP Were in slow demand at slightly
lower prices. Poor to prim* sheep, $2 50^4 GO; ,
yearlings. $4 30®4 70: lambs, *4<*J4 90.
Receipts— Cattle, 8500; hogs, 26,000; sheep, 13,
-000.
BALE OF SHEEPSKIN'S IN LONDON.
LONDON, March — There was a fair attend
ance at the sheepskin tales to-day. The sales
numbered 2362 bales, and consisted of a good
selection. There was brisk competition. The
general tone of the sale was firm. Fine
cross-breds and better combing merinos were
most in request and slightly harder.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LON?>ON. March. 2.— Consols, 110 13-16; sil
ver, 27 7-16 d: French rentes. 103f Lie; wheat
cargoes off coast, buyers indifferent operators;
cargoes on passage, nominal, unchanged; car
goes No. 1 standard California, 29d 6s; cargoes
Walla Walla. 29d 6s; Engllsn country mar-
LIVERPOOL. March 2.— Wheat, firm; wheat
in Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, weak; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 13-32 d.
CLOSING. •
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 red northern spring,
dull, 6s 2d. Futures closed quiet. March.
5s id; May. 5s 7 id.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, quiet,
3s 6>£d; American mixed, old, -.eady, 3s S*4d.
Futures steady. March, 5s 6*4 d; May, 3s B;4d;
July, 3s 6d.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 2.— Exchanges, $275,
-733; balances, $73,525. ;
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., March 2.— The Eastern and
foreign wheat markets were lower to-day, and
this had a depressing effect upon the local
market. The market though has been forced
. so much during the past few days that most of
I the pressing demands have been met and buy
ers are less inclined to do business at any
thing above export values. , Walla Walla was
quoted at 5Sc to 59c, and a round lot of heavy
wheat might have brought a cent more. Valley
and blue stem are nominally 60@61c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. March 2.— WHEAT— BSVic;
blue stem. 61%e62Vic. : . i .„.
— •
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days .' — $4 85*4-
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87".
Sterling Cables. ."■ — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight , — , 1?«_
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — =,-•■•_
Mexican Dollars — 47__ 48
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Exports from this port in February
were 243,383 ctls, valued at $284,061, making total
exports thus far this crop year of 1,500,070 ctl3,
valued at $1,838,722. '-":'h. vv^.^-':
The Francesco Clampa takes for Cork 67,234
ctls, valued at $68,260. •.," - -. -.-.•„
The market was dull and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $! -lVi.- 13%; milling,
$1 _>_ll 20 per ctl. ■?-;.---■..
:•-.■ CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— May— 4ooo ctls
$1 18. December— Booo. $1 18Vi ; 4000, $1 18%.
Second Session— December ctls, $118*4;
10.000. $1 18*4. May— 2ooo, $1 16: 6000, $1 US'*.
Regular i Morning May— 4ooo ctls,
51 16*4 ; 14,000, SI 16%. December— 2ooo, SI 18*_, . _
Afternoon Session - December - 2000 ctls.
SI 18%. May— 4ooo, $1 16%. . ?_ -„_„-_
BARLEY-The situation shows no change,
either on or off call. Business is dull
Feed.* $1 *___ 27*. : Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES. ;,'
- Informal Session-9:15 o'clock - Seller '99,
--"___£? C S^s,o 9 -new-2000 ctls.
%^_£&. Session-Seller ',9. new-6000
ctls 98*_c- 2000 99c; 12,000, 9S 7 4) C.
Afterno.n .'' L teller '^ new— lo.ooo ctls,
Afternoon >ession— eener ... '"=" * •
95%c;.5000. 98_c; 2000, 98% c; 6000 '»»' ,
OATS-A good demand and light st cks enable
dealers to maintain prices - thou d""™ tn
Fancy Feed. 81 MM* 40 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 So—*. 37%; common. $1 32 _, surprise.
$1 45®1 50; Gray. $1 32HQ1 35; Milling, 81 37%
Per ctl* Red. nominal; Black, nominal. -- • v
CORN— The old quotations still rule, with a
dU sJn_]rro und bellow SI 25; Eastern large
Yellow. 81 10®1 12%: *?*%* " : £%&• $1 0,%
<_1 10 per ctl; California White. SI 12"..
RYE— sl 12_«-1 15 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILL6TUFFS.
The China steamer took out 16.560 bbls Flour.
FLOUR—California family extras. 84® 4 la,
bakers' extras, 83 90@4; Oregon and Washing
ton, 8303 65 per bbl. - ". •-• : . ,
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, 83 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75 |
per 100; Rice Flour, -7; Cornmeal $2 50; extra |
cream Cornmeal. 83 25; Oatmeal. $4 50g4.0.
Oat Groats. 84 75; Hominy. 53 125®3 50; Buck
wheat Flour $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. 13 .5
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). 86 55 _ 6 95; in sacks $6 35® 6 *6;
Pearl Barley. 85; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas.
$4 60 per 100 pounds.
71 AY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market continues slow at un
changed prices. Bran and Middlings are firm j
at previous quotations.
BRAN— SI 9 Eo_-0 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21@22 50 per ton. : i. ',
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26®27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. S3l*"i:3l 50; job- j
bing 832_32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24®25; Cot
tonseed Meal 828(530 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50
®24 60; Cracked Corn. $24®25; Mixed Feed, ,
$19 50®20.
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat, *_S_-6 50 for
good to choice and $13*314 60 for lower grades; |
no fanov coming in: Wheat and - '-it. JI3-315 60; .
Oat, $12(513 50; Island Barley. 812-313: Alfalfa.
811*912; Stock. $9*310: Clover, nomiTial.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Utah, etc.)— |
Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $13@14 50; Cheat,
•10-311 50; Grass Hay, 810310 50; Oat. $12 50® i
13 75; Clover, $10@11; Timothy. $10 60® 12 per i
ton.
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Continued firmness In Beans Is reported. Seeds
are dull and unchanged.
BEANS— $1 75-31 So; Small Whites,
$2 10®2 80; Large Whites, $180(5190; Pinks,
$1 96__ 05; Reds, $3 25-33 35; Blackeye, $3 75-33 SO;
1 Butters. $2 25*32 50; Llmas, $3 30®3 40: Pea, $2 25
6-60; Red Kidneys*. $2 40*3 2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Mustard. $4 50*34 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $3 75_ l 4; Flax, $2 15®2*-5; Ca
: nary Seed, 2__-*,C per lb; Alfalfa, !<®S%c;
i Rape _**__*_c; Hemp, 2%®3c; Timothy, s«_s*.c. [
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 65® 1 70; Green, $2'_ I
2 3") per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES. j
Potatoes and Onions continue weak and in j
ample supply. Arrivals of Summer Vegetables ;
continue to increase steadily, and prices are
, declining in consequence.
Receipts were 233 boxes Asparagus. 70 boxes
Rhubarb and 13 sacks Peas. ■-_-..'
Hothouse Cucumbers from San Jose, $1 50-32
per dozen.
POTATOES— $I*3l 15 per ctl for Early Rose.
90c® $1 10 per sack for River Burbanks; Sonoma
and Marin Burbanks. 90c@$l 10 per ctl; Oregon.
Ssc_*l 20; Sweet Potatoes. 75c for River and
$1 75 for Merced; New Potatoes, 232 1 2 c per 11,.
ONlONS— 6se®sl per ctl. outside quotation for
Oregon.
VEGETABLE?! Asparagus, 4® 5c per lb for
No. 2, 6_Bc for No. 1 and 9-ff'llc for fancy; |
Rhubarb, per lb: Green Peas, 3-36--; String j
Beans. ; Cabbage. 40_-0i . Tomatoes. $1 25 _» j
2- for Los- Angeles; Egg Plant. —49— per lb; l
Garlic, 6_i7c per lb; Dried Okra. 15c per lb;
Green Peppers. - per lb; Dried Peppers, 7
_12.c: Carrots, 25*3. we per sack,
POULTRY AND GAME.
There was nothing new. prices standing about
the same. Stocks were ample.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 13® 15c; live
Turkeys. 12@14c for Gobblers and 12®14c for '
Hens; Geese, per pair. 50-31 75; Goslings, $2 25 j
®2 50; Ducks, 4 50® 5 50; Hens. $506 50; young j
Roosters, $7*57 50; old Roosters, 84 50®5 60; Fry
ers, $6-56 5-1; Broilers, *"*■■'<• 5 50 for large, $3 50_>
450 for small: Pigeons/ $1 50®1 75 per dozen for
old and $2 25 _ 2 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $2-5 2 50; White Geese,
75c: Brant. $I@l 50: Honkers. $3 sn-g-4; Hare. $1®
125: Rabbits. $150 for Cottontails and $1 for
small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Dairy Butter Is lower and creamery is weak. j ■
The Egg market is demoralized. The demand j
___ very slack yesterday and there was hardly i
a dealer on the street who had a definite idea
Of what the goods were worth. They quoted
all sorts of prices, from 17c down to lie. The j
dealers were about as badly demoralized as the
Eggs. The quotations below are not far wrong.
butter— n*n__
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 24f325c; sec
onds. _*_&_*<<•,
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 20®22c; common
grades, 17® 19c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 16®17c; pickled roll,
14®16c for dairy and 16®17c . for creamery
squares; creamery tub. 19c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 2 _l4c per
lb: Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll®ll*_c: old. 10
®10% c; Cream Cheddar. 12®12V4c; Young Amer
ica. 11%*3'12%c; Eastern. 10_n_c.
EGGS— Quoted at 14-316e per doz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Apples are doing better. Otherwise there ls
no change.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 75c® $1 25 for "common, $1 50®1 75 per
box for No. 1 and $2 for choice.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50@2 75
per box: Seedlings. 75c®$l 50; Mandarins, $1 25
01 75; Lemon?. 75c® $1 50 for common and $2®
2 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes. $7 50®
g 50; California Limes. — ffl— per small box;
Grape Fruit, ' $I®2; Bananas. $1 25®2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples. S2-M 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6*_c for 40-50' s, 4*.
@4%e for 50-80*8. 3*_(@3i' 2 c for 80-70*8, 2*.__ c for
70-80*0, 2_@2_C for 80-90's, 2@2%c for 90-100's
and -§_(_-C for 100-110' Silver Prunes, 2 1 .(_
sc. Peaches. 7%®S%c for good to choice; 9®9_c
for fancy and for peeled; Apricots. 10%®
13% c for Royals and 14%®15c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 7®Sc; ; sun dried, 5®5%c;
Black Figs, sacks. 2®2%c; Plums, nominal,
l_-l'ie for unpitted; Pears, nominal.
■ RAISINS— 3-_c for two-crown; 4*_c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown. 4*_*-r6c for Seed
less Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes. 2%®3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c ncr lb: Walnuts. 8®
9c for hardshell. Il«rl2c for -Oftshell: Almonds.
7@Bc for hardshell. 13-314 C for softshell. 15®17c
for paper shell: Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and
4*_®sc for California; Cocoanuts. $4 5006.
HONEY— Comb. 10@llc for bright and 9c for
lower grades; water white extracted, 7c; light
amber extracted. 6(_-6%c; dark, 5®5%c per lb.
BEESWAX- per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. B®B%c per lb for
heavy, B%®9c for light medium, 10*_@llc for
light, 32c for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; Cali
fornia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $12®12 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $13 50; Family Beef, $14 50®
15; extra Prime Pork $12 50; extra clear, $17 50;
mess. $16; Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 4**.4®5%c per lb for
compound and 7®7'.c for pure: half-barrels,
pure, ~\<<lsc: 10-lb tins. S%c: 5-lb tins, S^c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6%®6*"ic: . packages,
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb pails, 60 in a case. 9V_c;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c: 5-lb palls. 12 in a
case B*_c; 10-lb nails. 6 in a case. B%c; 50-lb
tins,' 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net. 7T*c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%e.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
\ about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium, -9c: light. S@S_c; Cow
hides, B%®9c; Stags. 6c: Salted Kip. ,9c: Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound. 15c; Culls and Brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal. ' 15c* dry' Calf, 17c:
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10® 30c each; short
Wool. 35@60c each: medium. 70®90c; long Wool,
90c®l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt. $1 75-32 25 for
large and $1 for small: Colts, 25(ff50c: Horse
Hides, dry. $1 50*_>_ for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— 1 rendered. B„©3_C per lb;
No. 2, 2-V33c; refined, 4»;®sc; Grease. 2*-f2*.c.
WOOL— Spring clips—Southern Mountain. 12
- months, 7*39 c: San Joaquin and Southern. 7
months, R*39c; Foothill and Northern, free, 10*3)
12c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9({fllc;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14@15c; Nevada. 10®
12c: Eastern Oregon, 10®12c. • '-. --
Fall Wools— -. -
Humboldt and Mendocino 9 (311
i Northern Mountain 6*.*® 9
Southern ' « @ 7*.
Plains -••-*• • 5 ®6
j HOPS— IS9B crop. 10@llc per lb for ordinary,
I 12@12*_c for good and i3®lsc for choice to fancy
1 from first hands. -y;_ -fo-
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
1 BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. s*4®s„c 'for
June and July: Wool Bags. 26®2Sc; San Quen
| tin Bags. $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling-
I ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 60; Seattle.
I $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
j Scotch. $8; Cumberland. $8 50 in bulk and i'J 75
! in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
In sflcks. ■ ' v *^" "■' ' '■"--.* ■ -*-*"'*■' *^ " r : -*. ■- -'-"*-■ ■'
L SUGAR— The Westers Sugar Refining Com- .
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6-J.c; Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated. 5%c: Con
fectioners' A. 5%c; California A. 5%c; Magno
lia A. 5%c; Extra C, s*4 c'; Golden C. 5%c; half
barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes %c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or its equivalent.
Imports from the Hawaiian Islands In Feb
ruary' were 339,348 bags.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET,
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 7®Bc per lb.
VEAL— Large. B®B%c; small, 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers Bi__9c per lb; Ewes. 8 _*
B%c. 'V; -
LAMB— per lb for yearlings and 12%
5.14 c for spring. .--..■
PORK— Live Hogs, -UtJ*-%0 for large. 6%'"-:6 c
for medium and 6®5%c for small; stock Hogs.
l_*_sc; dressed Hogs, 7@9c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday. March 2.
Wheat, ctls G,0Oo : Pelts, bdls -341
Barley, ctls 2,840 Hides, No 491
Butter, ctls 339 Hay. tons 238
Cheese, ctls 250 1 Quicksilver, flks. 6
Tallow, ctls 209 Leather, rolls ... 124
Corn, ctls. East. 600|Wlne, gals 78,500
Beans, sks 251' W001, bales 26
Potatoes, sks .... 1,299 Lime, bbls' 332
Onions, sks so! Sugar, sks ...... 500
Bran, sks 2,085] Eggs, doz 20,370
Middlings, sks... 7751
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 4.507 Wheat, ctls 560
Potatoes, sks ... 8.226 Barley, ctls 1,165
Onions, sks 880 Flour, qr sks 3,668
Bran, sks 1,000 1 .
— ■ . ♦ ■
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business was rather better on the Bond Ex
change and on the morning session Contra
Costa Water and Market-street Railway both
advanced to $65.
Mining stocks were off again and the best
prices were with few exceptions lower than
those of the preceding day. The report from
the pump was as follows: ,- The water has
been lowered to 50 feet below the 1760 level,
>r 77 feet below the Sutro tunnel discharge.
Several "stops were made ' during the past
twenty-four hours on account of shaft work.
The water is still going down." v ..
Sales of bonds on the Bond Exchange in Feb
ruary were $710,360, against $452,000 in Febru
iry, 1898. The sales of stocks were 63,472 shares,
against 54,475 last year. For the first two
months of the year the sales were $1,424,400 In
bonds, against $799,500, and 124,994 shares,
-gainst 91,105.
The semi-annual Interest on the Market
street Railway s's, Ferries and -Tiff House 6's,
Powell-street Railway 6's, Spring Valley Water
"s and Stockton Gas and Electric 6's is now
payable.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
monthly dividend of 35c per share on the 6th
Inst.
The Alaska Packers' Association has de
clared the usual monthly dividend (No. 63) of
"5c per' share, payable on the 13th Inst. -"-'.
The official letter from the Justice mine
states that on the 370 level during the past
creek the work was confined to stoplng ore
from the south side in upraise No. 1. No. 2
upraise is up 32 feet. The face is in quartz
arrylng bunches of ore assaying $6 20 In gold
and 4.26 ounces of silver; total, $10 46 per ton.
During the week they hoisted 72 tons and 1800
pounds of ore, the car samples -if which aver
aged $19 23 in gold and 4 ounces of silver:
total, $21 60 per ton. The repairs to the south
drift on the 490 level wpre continued. At a
point 10 feet back from the face of the drift
in upraise has bef.-n started.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. March 2—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 9 10
Is quar c0up.. 113 — Mutual El Co. 15H —
Is quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. — 43*_
Is quar new..l2Bm29*H Pac Gas Imp.. 83*. —
Is quar c0up. .107", — I Pac LCo 4*> : « 49*.
Miscellaneous— IS FG & E.... 84 85
?al-st Cab .114 — San Fran .... 3_ —
_al Elec 55.... 125*412714 1 Stockton Gas.. — 14
_ c Wat 55.... 108 lOSt* Insurance —
Dup-st ex c... — — Firem's Fund. 22o —
B I. _ P 65. .130*.— I Bank Stocks—
F & CI Ry 65.110 119 Anglo-Cal .... 66.—
Jeary-st R ss. — 102 Bank of Cal. 260
rl C_ -S S>-B. — 105 Cal SD & T.. 98 98*.
_ A L Co 65.. — — First Nation! 219 225
Do gntd to.. — 102 Lon P „ A...133 —
Market-si Cs..^"^-.^ Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M ss. 114*. - INev Nat 8k..175 —
M-'N Git 7s. 107 — ! Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal . .113Vi14 - 'Ger S & L...1640 1650
MRy Cal 55. .113 114 Hum S & L.1050 1160 -
Vl'-• R R 63.104*. — | Mutual Say.. 35 41*.
\* P C R R 55. 102 102% 6 F Say I*.. 497". —
M Cal R X ss. 100 _ iS & L 50.... — 1024
Dak Gas t0.. .110 — Security S B 300 350
Om CRy .-.128*. 129*4 Union T C 0..142241135. .142241135
P&CI Ry 65. .106 108*. Street Railroads—
P „ O 6s. 117 - California 111". —
Powell-st 65. ..120 121. Geary 45 —
Sac El Ry ._. — .— \ Market-st 64*. 65
SF & N P 55. 11 l 111*4 ,Oak S L & H. — —
SF _ 9 JVos.ll4 111% I Presidio 11 —
SlerraßCal 65.104Vi105'. ' Powder—
SPof Ar to..H2_ — California ....162W, —
3 P -' to (1905)114 114 V. [E Dynamite... 87*. —
9PC<9 (1908)115*A116*. Giant Con Co. fin . -- •
> P C.6s (]Jl2)___ — . Vigorit — 2".
SPCIs eg 55.105i 4 — ' Sugar—
S P Br 6s 1244125-4 Hana P C 0.... 16% _v>_
S V Water 6s.ll_Vill6V. Haw C & 8 C. 76. —
S V Water 4s. — 104 Hutch S P.... 33% 33%
S V W45(3dm).101% — Paauhau S P. 39% 40
Stktn Gas B_.. — 105 ' Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al Pa-- Assn.. llo —
Contra Costa.. 65 65% Ger Ld Wk5...250 —
Marin Co 50 — *i'~r Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley. lol%lo2Vi Oceanic S Co. 74% 75*.
-;..? _ Electric— j Pac A 9 A 1 1%
Capital Gas... — — ,Pac C Bor Co.loo —
Cent Gaslight.los — PaT Paint Co.. 7*. — '
Cent L & P... — 8 I
Morning Session.
Board—
11000 Contra Costa Water bonds 10$ 00
75 Contra Costa Water ..'. 64 00
100 Contra Costa Water 65 00
125 Hana Plantation Co 16 S7_'
350 Hana Plantation Co 16 75
495 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 76 75
50 Hutchinson S P Co 33 25
fIOOO Market .St Ry Con 5 per cent bonds. ll4 75
10 Market Street Railway 64 25
5 Market Street Railway 64 59
ISO Market Street Railway 65 00
200 Market Street Railway, s 60 64 .50
30 Mutual Electric Light 15 12%
100 Oceanic S S Co 74 50
$2000 S V Water 6 per cent bonds 116 50
100 Vigorit Powder 2 62%
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 110 00
5 California street R r 11125
60 Contra Costa Water, s 30 65 00
50 contra Costa Water, s 30 65 50
15 Contra Costa Water 65 50
105 Contra Costa Water 63 25
100 Hana Plantation Co 16 75
450 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 76 50
250 Hutchinson S P Co 33 25
40 Hutchinson S P Co 33 37%
100 Market Street Railway 65 00
20 Mutual Electric Light 15 25
{2000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds 102 on
35 Oakland Gas 49 25
125 Paauhau S P Co 39 50
100 S F Gaslight 3 37%
150 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 73
50 S F Gas „ Electric Co 84 87%
35 Spring Valley Water ....102 12%
150 VlßOrit Powder 2 62%
Street—
100 California Street R R 11150
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
. Board—
50 Spring Valley Water 102 00
30 Market Street Railway 63 75
•£OOO S F & S J V Ry bonds 114 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 75
MOOO S V Water 4 per cent bonds 104 00
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 76 50
60 Mutual Electric Co 16 50
25 Alaska Packers' Assn 109 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 Market Street Railway 64 50
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 76 SO
25 Mutual Electric Co 15 25
60 Contra Costa Water 65 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were th,e sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 23 500 Justice ....' 20
100 Belcher 24 1 500 Mexican 80
800 Best & Belcher. 57 100 Ophlr 1 10
1000 Bullion 06 j 300 Ophir 1 15
100 (hollar 40 400 Potosl 30
600 Con Cal & Va.2 05 } 700 Savage 29
inn Gould & Curry. 43 100 Savage 30
400 Gould & Curry. 42 500 See Belcher ... 05
200 Gould & Curry. 40 . 100 Sierra Nevada. 1 50
1300 Hale & Norcrs. 39! 400 Union Con 63
400 Hale & Norcrs. 40 400 Yellow Jacket. 30
400 Justice 21 1
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 21 100 Justice 21
600 Belcher 23 200 Mexican 80
100 Best _ Belcher. 56 450 Ophlr ....1 10
260 Bullion 07 100 Overman 12
100 Caledonia 37 400 Savage 33
1". Challenge 32 500 Sierra Nevada.l 40
600 Con Cal & Va.l 85 60 Sierra Nevada. 45
500 Hale & Norcrs. 42 400 Union Con. ... 64
100 Hale & Norcrs. 41 1400 Yellow Jacket. 30
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha Con .... 08 1 400 Hale & Norcrs. 38
200 Alta 11' 400 Mexican 82
400 Alta 10 300 Mexican 81
300 Andes 22 200 Mexican 80
500 Best & Belcher. 57 500 Mexican 79
400 Best & Belcher. 58 > 700 Ophlr 115
200 Bullion 07 800 Ophlr 110
100 Chollar 441 300 Overman _>
500 Chollar 43 300 Overman 14
200 Chollar 46 100 Potosl 31
1000 Con Cal & Va.2 lo 200 Potosl 30
200 Con Cal &Va_2 07% 200 Potosl 33
300 Con Cal _ Va.2 05 600 Potosl 34
100 Con Cal &Va.2 024 600 Savage 32
1250 Con ('al & Va.2 00 300 Savage 31
1100 Con New York. 03 200 Savage 34
200 Crown Point... 24 200 Sierra Nevadal 47 _
200 Crown Point... 23 200 Sierra Nevada.l 50
200 Exchequer 03 400 Sierra Nevada. 45
100 Gould & Curry. 40 200 Union Con .... «2
400 Gould & Curry. 42 750 Union Con 64
200 Gould & Curry. 43 600 Union Con 65
800 Hale & Norcrs. 40 600 Utah ........... 22
500 Hale. * Norcrs. S3 -00 Yellow Jacket. 32
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. March 2—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Alpha Con ..:. 07 08 Julia ..- 03 —
Alta — 10 Justice 20 22
Andes 20 22 Kentuck 10 12
Belcher 24 2,'. Lady Wash .... — 05
Benton Con ... 06 — Mexican 82 83
Best & Belcher 56 57 Occidental 30 33 j
Bullion 06 07 Ophir 110 115 i
Caledonia 37 4- 1 Overman 12 13 •
Chollar 44 46 Potosl 31 33 i
Challenge Con.. 30 31 Savage 34 35 j
Confidence 80 . Scorpion — 06 j
Con Cal & Va.l 90 1 95!Seg Belcher 05 06
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada.l 40 150
Crown Point... 24 25 Silver Hill .... — 05 I
Con New York. — 04 Syndicate — OS
Eureka Con 40 —Standard —300 j
Exchequer — 03 Union Con .... 65 66 |
Gould & Curry. 42 43 Utah 27 28 -
Hale & Norcrs 41 4H Yellow Jacket.. 30 32 |
. ♦ . . - * '".
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS. j
Clara B and J. M. Taylor to Charles J. and
Jerome E. Mac Donald, lot on S line of Hill
street, SOW of Noe. W 25 by S 101:6: $10.
John and Lottie E. White (Barto) to George
Hasselbach. lot on E line of Bryant street, 130
N of Twenty-fourth, N 26 by E 100; $10.
D. and Harriet C. Mackintosh to W. H. Hill,
lot on E line of Fair Oaks street, 220 S of
Twenty-fifth. S 20 by E 125; $10.
Helen Demlng to Henry Sturcke. lot on NW
corner of Jersey and Sanchez streets, N 30 by
W 101:9; $10. .;.*',,-., •
Michael F. Michael to George W. Care, lot
on N line of Sacramento street, 50 E of Kearny,
E 44:2 by N 59:6; $1665.
Estate Daniel Leary (or O' Leary) by Timothy
J. Lyons and John White (executors) to Joseph
H. Sandford, lot on E line of Elwood street
(O'Farrell alley), 99:1% N of O'Farrell, N 20,
E to point, S 20. W 60: $3125. , '**;
Ma rea. Stephen W. and Thomas L. Vulice
vich to Eleanor M. Vulicevich, lot on E line
of Hyde street, 107:6 S of O'Farrell, S 30 by
E 137:6; $10.
Hibernia Pavings and "Loan Society to Eliza
beth and R. J. Hancock, lot on N line of
Eddy street, 37:6 E of Larkin, E 50 by N 87:6,
$10,500.
Robert Watt to Santa Fe Terminal Company
of California, lot on NW corner Spear and
Bryant. 45:10 by 137:3: $10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Frank
J. Steele, lot on SE line of Hunt street, 221
NE of Third, NE 27 by SE 55; $1025.
Fanny L. Taylor. Pauline H. and D. M.
Delmas, Belle J. and A. C. Hellman, Blanche,
Octavla and Charles J. Hoge to James I.
Phelan. lot on SE line of Market street, 225:9
NE of Sixth. NE 49:3 by SE 170; $10.
Wlnnlfred and John Sheehy to Mary C. Col
lev (wife of Charles J.), lot on W line of
Ninth avenue, 175 S of I street. S 25 by W 12'"-;
$10.
John W. and Annie L. Wright to Lulu Hor
nung (wife of C. C), lot on W line of Thir
tieth avenue, 100 N of M street, N 25 by W
120; $10.
Dora and Solomon Getz to Richard J. Blen
nerhassett. lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 100
S of L street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
William and Agnes Watson to William H.
Crocker, lot on W line of Thirteenth avenue,
100 S of N street, S 50 by W 120; $400.
Claudlne A. Holmberg to Nils J. Holmberg.
lot on N line of Lake street, 35 E of Second
avenue, E 25 by N 72; gift.
Sunnyslde Land Company and California
Title Insurance and Trust Company to Peter
Scott, lot 9. block 40, Sunnyslde; $10.
William A. Holllday (or Halllday) to Charles
H. Athearn. estate Margaret Holllday 'or
Halllday), No. 18,700, deed and assignment;
$600.
William F.. May M. and Ellen Fitzgerald to
P. H. Reardon. lot on W line of Fillmore
street. '.0 N of Page. N 44 by W 110; $10.
Edwin H. and Stella W. Prentice to Susy
Leo (wife of John), lot on E line of Devisadero
street. 25 S of Page. S 25 by E 100; $10.
American Bank and Trust Company of San
Francisco to Charles F. and Emma Thierbach,
lot on W line of Scott street, 82:6 N of Grove,
N 25 by W 110; $3000.
James J. and Alice B. Fagan to same, same;
$10.
Bay City Building and Loan Association to I
Elese Thai (single), lot on S line of Washing- |
ton street, 190 E of Broderick, E 25 by S 127:6;
$3000.
Daniel and Ellen Einstein to Edwin H. Pren
tice, lot on W line of Lyon street. 30 S of Oak, i
S 2-. by W 95; $10.
George W. and Annje M. Hinkel to Ira L.
and Gratia Vance, lot on W line of Shrader I
street. 75 S of Beulah, S 25 by W 81:3; $10.
Callaghan Estate Company to A. H. and j
Pauline L. Wllhelm. lot on E line of Capp
street, 50 S of Nineteenth, S 25 by E 97:6; $10.
Jane Kinnalrd (wife of George) to Joseph |
Abrahams, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth -
street, 55 E of Diamond, E 25 by N 114; $10.
Angele O'Reilly to Mathilde - arpy, lot on N
corner Pacific and SW corner Montgomery ave
nues, W 40:2*,.. N 4S 3", SE 62.95: also lot on SE
corner Of Montgomery avenue and Adler street,
E 29:11%. S 35:11%: NW 46:9; $10.
Same to Pauline Cousin, lot on N line of
Jackson street. 67 W of old line of Kearny;
also 37:5 W present line. N 137:6. W 48:8. S
137:6. E 2:6, N 90, E 24, S 90, E -2; also lot on
S line of Oak street. 45 W of Van Ness avenue,
W 22, S 87:5, NE 27:1%. N 71.7: also lot on E I
line of Larkin street. 70 S of Geary. S 47:6 by
E 137:6; also lot on S line of Clay street. 30 W
of Leidesdorff. W 30, S 59:9, E 3, S 69:9, E 27,
N 119:6: also lot on N line of California street,
6.'. W of Scott. W 72:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Henry B. Keesing to Joseph Rosenzwelg. lot
on N line of Bush street. 137:6 W of Jones, W
68:9 by N 137:6: $10.
James McDonald to Mary E., William J. and ;
George A. McDonald, lot on SE line of Minna ,
street. 195 SW of- Third, SW 20 by SE 70: also I
lot on NW line of Jessie street, 175 SW of
Fourth, SW 25 by NW 75: gift.
Same to same, lot on SE line of Stevenson
Street, 137:6 NE of Second. NE 61:6 by SE 80; :
gift
° Same to same, lot on NE line of Cotter street.
100 NW of Telegraph road. NE 100, NW 50, NE j
100 NW 50, SW 100. NW .-'-. SW 100, SE 150.
lots 108 110. 11l and 112. Academy Tract; gift. •
Solomon and Dora Gets to Henry C. Fink
ier lot on N line of M street, 82:6 W of Ninth
avenue, W 27:6 by N 100; $10.
Albert M. and Elizabeth A. Whittle to An
drew Kuster lot on W line of Tenth avenue,
25 x of (> street, N 50 by W 107:6: $10.
Sunnyslde Land Company and California Ti
tle Insurance and Trust Company to Otto Wil
son lot 1. block 12. Sunnyside; $10.
Mission and Thirtieth Street Homestead
Union to Henry Scott, lot on SW line of Laid;
lev Street. 208:8 NW of Harry, NW 2... _\V
136-10 SE 25. NE 140:1, lot 144. block 22 Mis
sion and Thirtieth Street Homestead; $490.
Alameda County.
Isabella M. Cumlskey to Matthew Arnold, lot
on S line of Simpson avenue, now Twenty
third street. 650.90 W of Telegraph avenue. t\
50 by S 106.33, being lot 16. Simpson Tract. Oak- f
land- also property in Tuolumne County; $10.
Louise Nordhausen to Louise Heesemann, un
divided half interest In lot on N line of Seven
teenth street. 550 E of Grove. N 100, E 90. S
66 SW 55:2 to a point on N line of Seventeenth
street 128.53 from point of beginning, Oakland;
$72.-0
Millard F. Hudson to Lillian C. Hudson, lot
on E line of Lake Shore avenue. 111 N of
Athol N 40 by E 161.85, being the S half of lot
4, block A, Peralta Heights, East Oakland;
gift. -''■'■'' "'
M H. and Eliza A. Eastman to Mary E.
Dew-ing. 15 acres on W line of San Pablo ave
nue 200 S from point of its intersection by N
line' of plat 40. Rancho V. and D. Peralta,
thence SE to NE corner of 6-acre tract now or
formerly of A. C. Diet*, thence SW 18.44 chains,
NW 4.37 chains. SW 1 chain, NW 2.68 chains to
NW corner of plat 40, Rancho V. and D. Pe
ralta thence NE to a point 216 W from W line
of San Pablo avenue, thence S 200, NE 216 to
beginning, being a. portion of plat 40. Rancho
V and D. Peralta. Oakland Annex; also ex
cepting lots 1 to 6. block 1. lots 3. 10 to 13 and
26 block 2. the 14 feet of N side of lot 25 and
20 feet of N side of lot 4, block 2, lots 5. 6, 7,
10 12 21 and 22. block 3, the N 5 feet of lot 13,
the N 20 feet of lot 17. the S-20 feet of lot 18.
the N IS feet of lot 20. block 3. lots 9. 10, 11, 17,
.1* 23 to 26, block 4. the N 19 feet of S side of
lot 19 block 4, lot 14. block 5. lots 17 to 22. block
« revised map of San Pablo. avenue Villa - Tract,
Oakland Annex and Oakland Township; $10.
Theodore and Ferdinande Gier to Wetmore-
Bowen Company (corporation), all those por
tions of subdivisions 11 and 12. map of sub
divisions of Cresta Blanca, In plats 32 and 33,
Rancho El Valle de San Jose, which lie within
the exterior boundaries of plat 33. Bernal por
tion of Rancho El Valle de San Jose, Murray
Township: $10. ,'-• : i
J. M. and Mary D. Bartlett to Amalia Struck
man. lot on E line of Magnolia street. 284 N
of Fourteenth, N 2:6 by E 128:3, block 587. Oak
land; $10.
S. C. Bigelow to R. S. Kitchener, lot on NW
line of Howe street. 682:2 NE of Moss avenue,
NW 114. NE 40:5, SE 120. SW 40 to beginning,
being the SW 20 feet of lot 19 and NE 20 feet
of lot 20. block C. Thermal Hill, formerly the
Howe Tract. Oakland Annex: $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Mary A.
Pierce lot on S line of Falrvtew street, 230.65
E of Fulton. E 40 by S 125, being lot 3, Alca
traz Tract. Berkeley; *_.
Mary J. Ryer to J. E. White, lot on W line
of Lafayette street. 120 N of San Antonio ave
nue, N 36. W 148. S 11. E 40. S 25, E 108 to be
ginning, block 8. Bartlett Tract, Alameda: $10.
Grace M. Kimball to Leah F. Mott. lot on E.
line of Broadway. 195 Nof Santa Clara ave
nue, N 50 by E 206. being lot 6. block 5, Hays
and Caperton Tract. Alameda: $10.
D. C. and Margaret E. Bane to Llllle E.
Bane, lot on W line of Linden street. 75 N
of Fifth, N 27 by W 100. block 486, Oakland
slo.
John M. FlUebrown to William Fordham. lot
on W line of- Oak street. 100 N of Pacific ave
nue. N 50:2 by W 50, block 39, lands adjacent
to Encinal, Alameda: $300.
J. Julia Johnson to Margaret Nealon. lot on
E line of McGee avenue, 190 S of Addison
street. S 40 by E 130, block 4, McGee Tract
Berkeley: $10.
William J. and Ferlna Smith to Capital
Building and Loan Association, lot on SE cor
ner of Faerie avenue and Union street, S 32 6
by E 82, Alameda: $10.
Same to same, lot on E line of Union street
32:6 S of Eagle avenue, S 30 by E 82, Alameda'
slo."- , -•'•
Builders' Contracts.
Abe Stern (owner) with Owen E. Brady (con
tractor), architect Richard A. Hunt. Exca
vating, concrete, brick and granite work and
grading for a 3-story frame residence with
basement on lot commencing at a point 85 E
of Octavla. street curb and 14:10 N of Pacific
avenue curb, thence 132:7*4. E 72*_ S 10".
E 62:9%, S 131:6%. W 70; 53642. . -' ■■?-'•
Same with C. . Chlsholm (contractor), archi
tect same. Carpenter work, hardware, etc.. for
same on same; $11,000.
Martin and Henry Beverson (owners) with
.Marcuse -_ Remmel (contractors and archi
tects). All work for a 2-story frame building
(store and fiat) on lot on NE corner of Thir
teenth and Folaoin, streets. N. 25 by E*. SO; $2700.
__■ 4
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
jr
A branch of the United States Hydrograpt.'c*
Office, located at the Merchants' Exchange. I. ' t
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit tha
office, where complete sets of charts and sail"
Ing directions of the world are kept on ha- i
for comparison and reference, and the latf.-t
information can always bo obtained regardlrg
lights, dangers to navigation and all matf>r 8
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Fer .■
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoists^
; about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 12Cth meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropp.-.^
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N . in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. . '".
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
in rises «::;;
in sets fi : nn
oon rises : o:<v> a. rr
- Timej Time Time ::
• I- Ft. Ft. Ft.
• HWj L W H W
l .. 2.:4»! 8.6 10:00 0.3 4:531 33 ! r <
» ... 3:40] R.SI 11 :06 i o.l' 6:19! «.O
• .. 4:44' 5.6: 12:14 o.o* 7:34 4 2 1! |
i ... 5:54! 5.71 1:151—0.3 8:30' A I
L W H W L V.
7 ... 1:00' 2<> 7:OS 5.8' 2:10 -A |
8 .'..1 2:051 2.6' 8:111 6.» l 2:5
9 ...| S:00h 2." 9:11 6.0| i ■■■ -•■ r t
NOTE In the above exposition of th- tld-i
the early morning tides are given In the !?•'•
hand column, and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th*
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th-s
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur The heights
given are additions to the sounnir.es on the
United States Coast survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtracted frArri
the depth given by the charts. The plpr.e of
reference Is the mean of the innvr low nc»r a
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N, Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francis Cal
March 2. 1899. '"
The time bail on the tower of the new F»rr/
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, cr at $
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charsre.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
I Du,.
C. Nelson |Pug-et Sound Mar. %
Xewburg- (Grays Harbor Mar. 3
Fulton (Portland Mar. }
• Coon Ray Newport Mar. .1
Queen 'Victoria & Pu(?et SoumTMar. 3
Curacao [Mexico 'Mar. 3
Pomona [Humboldt Mr %
Samoa iHumboIdt Mar 3
Weeott ICoos Bay IMar 3
Chilkat IHumboldt Mar. 3
] Arcata iCoos Bay Mai ♦
i Mackinaw ITacoma 'Mar 4
i Empire [Coos Bay Mar. 4
I Aloha Point Arena Mar. 5
A. Blanchard.. ; Coos Bay Mar. S
Corona San Diearo Mar. 5
Willamette Seattle : Mar. 5
Progrreso Seattle Mar. 5
Siam [Nanaimo Mar. 5
State of Cal (Portland 'Mar. «
Leelanaw ISeattle Mar. 7
Alliance Oregon Ports Mar. 7
Orizaba :.lNewport Mar. 7
Honpk'ngMarulChlna and Japan Mar. 7
North Fork ....IHumboldt Mar. 8
'■ Alameda (Sydney [Mar. 9
j Walla Walla... I Victoria & Pu^et SoundMar «
Bristol 'Departure Bay Mar. «
E. Thompson... ISeattle Mar. 8
i Mineola : Taooma Mar. '
Crescent City... Crescent City Mar. '
Point Arena.. Point Arena Mar. 9
Santa Rosa . Pan Diego Mar. 9
Columbia (Portland ■ 'Mar. 11
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I oaiis. x-ier.
Santa- RoealSan Diego Mar. 3. 11 am r 1 .*' 11
Newport ..l Alaska Mar. 4, 12 m Center
Columbia ..'Portland Mar. 4. 10 amlPler 24
Pt Arena. .l Point Arena.. 4. 3 pmiPier 2
Chilkat .... Humboldt ;Mar. 4. 2 pm|Pler -»
Pomona ...Humboldt IMar. 5. 2 pmiPier 9
C, Nelson. .IPuget Sound.. Mar. R. IDam:Pi»r 2
\V,v>ott ITaquina Bay. Mar. 5. 10 ami Pier 13
Coos Bay... I Newport ! Mar. 5. 9 am Pier 11
A. Blanch 1 Bay Mar. 6. 5 pm! Pier 13
Queen Ivic & Psrt Sd. Mar. 7. 10 am! Pier 9
Corona ISan Diego IMar. 7. 11 am Pier 11
Arcata ICoos Bay 'Mar. 7. 10 amlPier 13
Australia ..'Honolulu IMar. 8. 2 pmiPier 7
Aloha Point Arena.. Mar. 8, 3 Pier t
State of Call Portland Mar. 9. 10 amlPler 24
Orizaba Newport Mar. 9. 9 amiPler 11
Gaelic . . IChina&JapaniMar. 9. 1 pmIPMSS
Curacoa ...iMexico Mar. 9. 10 am P->r 11
Steamer.
I Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, March 2.
Stmr Novo. Johnson. 18 hours from Fort
1 Brag*.. "■' -"
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, 11 hours from
Point Arena. -•
Stmr National City. Dettmers. 87 hours from
Grays Harbor. -', '„ ,„, _
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscuo, 104 hours from ,-
Tacoma. __ j ■
Stmr Glpey. Leland, 22 hours from Monte-. 1
rev. etc. _ ; *
Stmr Del Norte. Allen, 98 hours from Gray*
Harbor.
' Br ship Primrose Hill. Wilson, 183 days from
Hull, via Newcastle, England, 148 days.
Ship M P Grace, Chlpperfleld,. 102 days from
Sydney.
Schr Bertie Minor. Ravens. -0 days from,
Honolulu.
Schr Newark, Beck, 15 hours from Bowens
Landing. -' .._*•_" i
Schr G W Watson. Peterson. 8 days from
Tacoma.
Schr W S Phelps. Peterson. 51 days from
San Pedro, via Santa Cruz 12 days; bound to-
Eureka; put In to go on drydock.
CLEARED.
Thursday. March 3.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka; Charlea
Nelson.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. -■;;-.
Stmr Portland, Lundquist. Manila, via Hono
lulu: D S Government. v. .: -
Br stmr Wyefleld, Gartner, Nanalmo; John
Rosenf eld's Sons.
SAILED.
Thursday. March 3.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins. Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Portland, Llndqulst Manila, via Hono
lulu. ■ ; - -•--.- :
Whaling stmr Jeanette, Newth. whaling.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund.
Ship Standard, Getcell. Port Townsend.
Bark Undaunted. Davidson. Port Angeles.
Schr Jennie Wand. Christensen. Eureka.
Schr C H Merchant, Olsen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Queen. Jonnk.
Schr Five Brothers* Jensen.
CHARTERS.
The Routenburn is chartered for wheat to •
Europe at 22s 6d. a decline.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 2. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW; velocity 12 mile-. .
CORRECTION. ~f
The Chilean ship Temuco, which put in to
San Francisco last evening, was 72 days from
Iquique, and not Valparaiso.
SPOKEN. l'"i' •
Dec 4. lat 54 S. long 66 W— Br ship Drum
burton, from London, for Vancouver.
MEMORANDUM.
Stmr National City Feb 27, 2 p m. oft Heceta
Head, distance 12 miles west, spoke sealing
schr Mermaid; all well, with 740 seals.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March 3— Schr
James A Bruce, from San Pedro; schr Sequoia,
from Newport (S). -•:,-"*- ■ ■:,-.->■■
Sailed March 2— Stmr Laurada, lor Dyea.
. EUREKA— Arrived March 2— Schr Chas Han
sen, hence Feb 22: Br bark Woollahra. from
Honolulu.
Sailed March 2— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco. March I— Stmr Hueneme, for ; stmr
South Coast, for .
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived March Schr
Orient, from Port Gamble.
ASTORlA— Arrived March 2— Br ship Mlstley
Hall, from Liverpool.
EVERETT— March 3— Schr A. M. Bex
ter, from Honolulu.
' SANTA BARBARA— SaiIed March Schr La
Gtrc.nde, for Grays Harbor.
NEAH BAY— Passed March 2— Ship Santa
Clara, from Comox. for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed March 2— Bktn Retriever,
for San Pedro.
HUENEME— March 2, 10:10 a m— Stmr
Curacao, from Guaymas, - etc. for San Fran
cisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived March I— Schr No
komls, from San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed March 2— Schr Ori
ent, for . .-
PORT ANGELES— March 2— Br shir
Ancyra, for Tacoma.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 2— Br stmr
Coptic, hence Feb 11. via Honolulu.
QUEENSTOWN— March 2— Br bark
1 Invercauld, from Oregon. Feb 28— Br ship John
Cooke, from Oregon; Br ship Yola. from Ore
gon: Br bark Large Bay. from Oregon. I
Sailed March 2— Br ship Clan Macpherscflk
for Tyne; Br ship Australia, for Hull. Feb 23—
Br ship Clan Mackenzie, for Cardiff. /'
- DEPARTURE BAY— Sailed March 2— Ship -
America, for San Francisco. .
' VALPARAISO— Arrived Jan Chll bark
India, from. Port Blakeley. ,YELLOW TAIL
STARTED AND
THAT WAS ALL
Ran Like a Prize
Lobster.
WAS NOT INSIDE THE MONEY
THE SCBAMBEE CAPTTJIIED BY
FLAM.EA.
The Hot Spring* Poolrooms "Killed**
Over Her Victory — Race
Will Bear Investigation*
Four Beaten Choices.
Fred Foster, the astute Eastern horse
man, paraded his 510,000 beauty, Yellow
Tail, at Oakland track yesterday. The
giant chestnut colt was asked to beat a
very moderate field, and opened a 1 to 2
favorite. Later 4to 5 and a trifle better
was obtainable. Piggott had the mount,
and the youngster displayed about as
much speed as a "yaller daw**," finish
ing a forlorn looking fifth, after sprawl
ing all over the track the last part. Fla
mora, the entry of Ed Purser, and 5 and
6to 1, won easily from Winyah. The
.latter, with Nash Turner In the saddle,
was the supposed good thing in the race.
As an excuse tor the favorite's miserable
showing. It was said that the going,
which was muddy and holding, did not
suit him. When owned by Burns &
Waterhouse he showed a decided ten
dency for damp footing.
Now comes a report from Hot Springs,
Ark., received last evening, stating that
the pool rooms there were "killed" over
the victory of Flamora, thousands of dol
lars being won by a certain clique on the
Purser entry. The bettors, so the ad
vices say, who executed the coup, were
the ones that*" made the big clean-up over
the win of Tammany Hall, when the Mon
tana horse downed Foster's sprinter
Abuse some days ago. On that occasion
Poster claimed to have lost a small for
tune on his horse, and because of his
defeat Cash Sloan, who piloted him, was
Indefinitely suspended.
. In the face of this latest information
It looks as if Sloan should have a rehear
ing, and two or three races of Mr. Fos
ter's horses ventilated with possible
pleasant results by the board of stewards
at the track across the bay.
The only other striking feature of the
sport was the run made by Peter Weber.
As good as 400 to 1 was laid against the
outsider, and he finished second to Good
Hope. Two or three books chalked up 10-3
to 1 that he would not run second. Two
favorites only were successful.
There was no pronounced favorite for
the 'opening seven furlong run, Carrie U
and Stan Powers dividing the honors at
post time. The latter ran third. At the
wire the 6 to 1 chance Rosemaid won eas
ily from Bliss Rucker.
rieber's gelding, Sweet William, next
gave the crowd a tired feeling. Closing
a mild choice for the sprint thai fol
lowed, he ended up in third place, after
closing up a lot of ground lost at the
start. Leading from the jump, Rieardo,
•a 4 to 1 chance, led New Moon over the
line a length.
In the fourth number, a six furlong
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Thursday, March 2, 1899.—Fifty-sev
enth day of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather cloudy. Track
heavy.
JOSEPH A. MURrHT. Presiding Judge.
JAMES B. FERGUSON. Starter.
"T FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $300.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight., St.
%m.
«m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
i Belting.
lOp. Cl.
727 Rosem&ld, 4
. icker. 4.. .
245 Stan Powers. 4
•vombeo, 4 112 3
4 9 U rana. 4 104 9
4 : : > 8
744 Beau Monde, 4
744 Merry Hey. 5 115 10
742 Byr a Cn SB, 4 112 2
[elvin Burnham, 4
744 Carrie U, 6 114. 4
6 2
1 h
5 1
2 1
11
8 1
7?
10
9 H
4 H
3 2
II
8 1
6 3
11
10 6
6 h
2 h
1 2
3 4
4 6
9 1
fi 4
& 2
11
10 2
8 Vi .
1 4 iGray
2 4 'Thorpe
t 4 (Macklln
4 10 |G. Wilson....
I 1 Bullman
6 2 |Lew
7 1 (Turner
5Va EIIU
9 3 iFlint
10 10 ißoullier
11 jPlggott
8 6
6 9
6 IS-5
8 7
4 8
10 40
5 15
6 12
30 60
60 50
3 7-2
Time— H, :14; %, :3S\; %. :1.06; *, 1:33"*. Winner, Covington & Kenfs b. m. by imp. St.
Bla- I start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
X ?emaJd came to town on the good going. Stan Powers was all out. Sokombeo was
v.ith by the latter horse. Morana proved a false alarm. Merry Boy does not
like mud.
>■- ZZf SECOND RACE) — Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Hone, Age. Weight.
|8t
y«m.
him.
%m.
Etr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Kicardo, a no l
T46 New Moon, 6 1
3we«t William, 5... 114 5
r State, a ....1 - 7
"-■ . ■ . y C, 4 1
' . Midaa. a 113 3
m : .■- Such, 4 107 8
Jim Bozeman, 6 110 4
7U Baliverso, 4 ..:■■■■ . 1 1 1| 8
1 h
2 2
8 h
7 3
6 6
8 h
8 10
4 4
9
1 3
2 h
4 3
6 2
7 6
2 5
8 12
5 1
9
1 1
2 3
8 6 ;
42 . i
C 8
6 5
7 3 ;
8 12 i
9 I
i
J
lE. Jones
Thorpe
;Piggott
ißutter
JBuliman
jTurner
4
3
7-6
4
8
12
20
10
30
4
2
2
£
15
40
6
80
[L. Bennett
iSnider
IFllnt
lint
Time To *4. :23; to W :48%; last %. 1:05%: Bhort %., 1:16. Winner, S. F. Capp's eh. g.
by'Wiid'dle-Blue Bonnet. Poor start. Won first three driving.
The etart beat the favorite. Ricardo was best as the race wa» run. Jim Bozeman car-
ried a big commission.
*j f— o THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, |400.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
%m.
•4 m.
Etr.
Fin.
i . . 1"
733 Flamora 107 2
733 Winyah *
cI ' i
752 Rlxford 1 * 5
wtail 12 3
613 Infinity • It*: 6
2 hi
4 6
1 1
6 3
8 h
6
1 n
4 4
> h
6 4
3 1
6
1 4
2 4
8 S
4 4
6 5
6
JBullman
[N. Turner
Thorpe
[Ellis
■ Piggott
[E. Jones
6
3
15
40
3-5
15
5
2
30
200
4-6
25
nner, E. W. Purser's eh. f. by Flambeau-Fannie Lewis. Good
start. Won"f-aflly. Second and third driving.
The winner was ridden the shortest route. Favorita ran well for half the distance,
very tired at the end^
r— •£— q FOURTH RACE— Sir furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, 1350.
Weight. [St.
%m.
Mm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
' Ir.<i"x. Horse.
(735) Good Hope 117 3
• 743 Peter Weber V.I 7
723 Bonibel :il7j 4
7«5 Uunpraise 122 r 6
745 Sir I'rian 119 5
714 NaplaTl 112j 2
73-S Nora Iv? 9 11l 1
• 743 Anchored 115! 3
1 2
4 h
2 2
5 hi
3 h
7 6
6 4
8
1 4
4 2
2 4
3 h
6 3
6 hi
7 12
J8
15 12 Plgr&ott
6 4 2 1% W. See
2 2 3 IV_ Jones
34 4 8 N. Turner
4 16 6 G. Wilson
710 6hi Thorpe
6 2 712 Flint
8 8 Bullman
1
60
10
12
3
10
; 20
6
8-5
200
30
20
9-2
29
40
6
Time— *» •26^4; H :il; ?4, I:M%- Winner. B. Srhrelber's eh. f. by Colonel Clark-Grati-
tude Good 'start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Good Hope was oil from the ran. Weber fancied the footing. Bonibel stopped.
Scratched— Yaruba 119. Kootenai 119.
Tf»{\ FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $500.
Index. H.jrse. Age. Weight.
St.
!im.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Bullman 
iblcon, a 112;
a 111,
>■.:.< Pat Murphy, a »
731 Potent*, 4 »
4 102|
I
1
2 V 4
4 h
1 hi
3 V 4.
3
1 1
2 1
8 2
4 1
6
1 1
2 2
8 H
6
4%
1 ns
2 4
34
k ll j
Jones
Golden
J. Reiff
Devln
1-2
5-2
30
20
8
1-3
4
60
30
!.:■
Time— M <&%', hi '50% ' %. 1:17. Winner, B. Lanican's eh. h. by imp. Rayon dOr
Li "iL i e V^^.. thr |a^u i m a^t U rnb.e d **m after th. start. He was best.
Morlnga had no speed. • '.-.■;.-■: - __; ;
~7C*\ BIXTH RACE- Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; puree, $300.
i
H« ryo. Age. Weight.,
«m.
?4m.
Str.
Fin.
f
Z« Don &te:::ffll IS 110 18 ... j| »!*T :::::: ! A
Jim 10 3 6Vi 23 iBl Hill
:.rado. a....H5 6 7 2 . 4 6 1 ;;; JI Tho^pe^..... 1 7.
■■ V:::::::.iM * J? Sn )* >:. •* o«y. » »
r!nce - 4 ig J 5J* |h 10 .- 8 1 Bullman 10 12
: ■-■ J^ ! ■ V ru ";"Y"--io7 1 5 1 7 1 6h ... 10 Basslnger .... 20 40
•iiijf£Jii^g'4!::::::mii -» « « - v Snlder '20 20
■-. ;;Tinio_^. ■i»«- ■«, .37V. % 1-05U- % 1:34%. Winner. El Molina Stable's br. h, by Rath-
*>*': Ml, s M.,l;^rne ' Goo^i ,utrt Won* easing up. Second and th/rd driving.' .
Ccn Gara received a running start. Others of little account.
gon
ckJln
my
)rpe
Wilson
<■}'
•ncr
es
c
6
6
1
12
16
6
7
10
20
20
4
8
10
7-5
23
25
8
6
12
40
20
itnan
;singer
der I
FAMOUS LIGHTWEIGHTS
WILL MEET TO-NIGHT
DAL HAWKINS and Frank Erne of Buffalo, N. T., will enter the Tin-s
--at Woodward's Pavilion this evening at 8:30 o'clock sharp. The
lightweights, according to agreement, will box twenty rounds. Haw
kins is a favorite with the local betting men, but Erne will have
plenty of Eastern money to back him when the pools open this evening.
Joe Choynski will referee the game and a better selection could not be
made. The battle should be well worth going a long distance to see.
dash, Good Hope had nothing much to
beat, and starting a pronounced cholc
won easing up. Peter Weber took the
place from Bonibel.
A 1 to 3 favorite, Rubicon, ridden by
Bullman. downed Satsuma a nose for the
handicap at six furlongs. The latter
horse looked to have the race won at
the paddock, and no doubt careless rid
ing on the part of Jones lost it. Pat Mur
phy* finished third.
The concluding- seven furlong run saw
Don Gara in front from start to finish.
The brown horse, with Piggott up, re
ceived strong support at odds of 4 and
5 to L Roadrunner disposed of Colonial
Dame for the place.
Track Notes.
Bullman and Piggott each piloted two |
I winners yesterday. . j
Tommy Lnttridge has purchased of
I Rancho del Paso the very useful per
! former Osculation. The mare was a good
winner on the Montana circuit last sum
mer.
"Shorty" Pesch, as he is termed by his
brethren on the block, will leave shortly
; for Memphis, Term.
Bookmaker Caesar Young cut In again
I yesterday.
There was a warm tip circulated about
|on Jim Bozeman, and Frank Phillips,
Charley Quinn and a number of the smart
| ones fell to it. When the old . sprinter ,
' finished next to last -Yank began exam
i ining his watch to see if any of the >
j wheels were missing or misplaced. ■
"Plunger" Hill sprinkled several hun
! dred dollars about the ring on Don Gara,
"Moose" Taylor, the ex-nder, was ruled
; off the turf by the Oakland officials yes
terday. Ho ls charged with having had
W. H. Martin, the disgraced jockey, "on
his staff." On the day that Ulra was
! beaten, sometime back at Oakland, Tay- '
I lor told Johnny Howard that he would
like to lay against the gelding. At the
same time Owner Taylor was telling his ;
! friends to get aboard < that his horse
looked a "moral." 11m ran unplaced.
"Moose" claims an injustice has been
I done him, and that he will be able to ex- •
J onerate himself. He says that he has had
,no money all winter, and that he did not i
j think Ulm had a chance at tho distance.
THE SAIST FRAy CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH '3, 1899.
I Taylor further says that he is not ac-
I quainted with Martin.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— furlongs; selling; three-year
; olds and upward.
■ 749 Campus 103 1 70S Los Troncos 103
713 Charmante S3 732 Roulette Wheel. 93
709 Truxlllo HI: ...May L 92
756 Bliss Rucker....lOS 726 Crawford 103
i ... John M. PalmerlO-l 755 Mainbar 105
722 Royal Fan.- 92; 680 Deerfoot 105
! 714 Festoso 97 198 Joe Levy 105
: CO2 Bid Mc 104,
Second Race — furlongs; two-year-old
: fillies; purse.
I 740 Yantic 103 ...EllaDepoy 106
j ... Alvlso 105 1 75S Solace 105
740 Giga 105 j 721 Icedrop 105
! 758 Wlnyah Hal
! Third Race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward; selling.
755 Mainstay 113 753 Tom Calvert.... llo
757 Ball verso 107 ! 495 Greyhurst 110
: 734 Coda 108 724 Imp. Mistral 11.113
! 757 Henry C 110 742 Alicia 108
Fourth — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
729 Melkarth 95 709 Distinction 106
' 680 Naranja 106 761 Paul Kruger.... 98
765 El Salado 103) 726 Corrlente 106
656 Torsion 108 761 Colonial Dame.. 93
... Annowan 97 ... Sleepy Jane 106
Fifth Race — and a quarter miles; selling;
three-year-olds and upward. ■ ; .":
747 Espionage 841 753 Judge Wofford.. SI
746 Dare II 102 879 Twinkle Twlnk.lOS
(754) Malay 911
Sixth Race — One mile; selling; four-year-olds
and upward.
(746)Jc- Mussle Ill' 748 Sly 101
746 Magnus 991 731 Esplrando 99
743 Eddie Jones 108 748 Zamar II 103
739 Guilder 1041 753 Earl Cochran... 93
Selections for To-Day.
First Race Truxlllo, Charmante, Mainbar.
Second Race — Giga, Wlnyah, Icedrop.
Third Race— Mistral 11, Greyhurst, Tom
Calvert.
Fourth Race— Distinction, El Salado, Sleepy
Jane.
Fifth Race Espionage, Malay, Judge Wof
ford.
Sixtl {ace — Eddie Jones, Sly, Joe Mussle.
COMMISSIONER NORTH
DISMISSES NINE MEN
AGREES TO DISCHARGE OF JAPS
INDICTED FOR BRIBERY.
Doubtful Whether the Men Could Be
Convicted, as They Had an
Ingenious Defense.
J. Tnri and Y. Nishloka, Japanese Immi
grants, pleaded guilty In the United
States District Court yesterday of having
paid money to Deputy Immigration Com
missioner Geffeney for the purpose of in
fluencing his decision as to their right to
land.
Tari and Nishloka were Indicted with
nine others by the Federal Grand Jury for
the offense named.; On the Immigrants
being lined up by the Commissioner in
the cabin, Tar! and Nishloka walked up
to the table at which Geffeney was sit
ting and each slipped a $5 gold piece Into
his hand under the table. The nine fol
lowed their example, but placed the $5
coins on top of the table. The two lead
ers, however, Informed Geffeney that
there would be more money coming after
they were landed.
At the request of United States Attor
ney Foote, • represented, by Assistant
United States Attorney Banning, a nolle
prosequi was yesterday entered In the
case of the nine remaining prisoners. The
defendants engaged Bert Schlestnger to
defend them, and the ingenious defense
was set up that they had been informed
at Kobe by the agent of the steamship
company that they would be required to
pay a fee of $5 each to the Immigration
Commissioner before he would allow them
to land. Under this plea and the fact that
the men paid the money to Geffeney in an
open manner, and that they were entitled
to land, It was argued that a conviction
could not be had.
Mr. Banning, in pursuance of a rule of
his office, consulted Immigration Com
missioner North as to the course to be
pursued, and Mr. North, through Mr.
Geffeney, informed Mr. Banning that the
suggested dismissal of the cases would
be satisfactory to him. Upon this assur
ance, Mr. Banning went into court and
procured the dismissal of the cases.
The two defendants who pleaded guilty
will be sentenced on Saturday.
Fine music "cabinets at Mauvais', 769
Market street. *
■ ♦ .
Dr. Tillman Back at His Post.
Dr. Tillman has returned to his post of
duty at the City and County Hospital
from the Penthouse, where he went to at
tend the two smallpox patients, who were
confined there some time ago. The pa
tients recovered and the young doctor
who volunteered to attend them met with
a hearty reception from his medical
brethren on his return. r - , '
•'How to Succeed in Life," by the
great showman Barnum, from a re
cently discovered manuscript, in next
Sunday's Call. y£ .;
AUCTION SALES.
ABSOLUTE AUCTION
OF FINE, RARE, ANTIQUE
TURKISH, TO w r S** _-^
PERSIAN Kill
ROYAL IRANS 1 V KJ V_l__3
BY THE
TURKISH RUG CO.
AT
123 GEARY -STREET.
•Sale Commences TO-DAY, FRIDAY, March
< .., .8, at 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m.
GOODS . NO W ON VIEW.
This direct importation is Just out of the
Custom House . for this sale, and none of the
rugs have been shown In the Uulted States be-
fore.
A. W. J.OUI-ERBACK, Auctioneer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
® -f ®-f ® 4- ® -^ ®^ ®^*®***®>®--*®^?>*>^^^
lAN EXCELLENT OPPORTUHITY !
I TO S_e_CT_J__R,_B 1
1 UNDOUBTED BARGAINS! !
i *_*
® ." . , ■ r— _X_l_l_X__^)®®»_XS®®®®®®®^ — — *.
I a f^e:\a/ SPECIAL OFFERINGS!
® ■ ■ a.
1 In Connection With the Sale of the 1
iBANKRUPT STOCK OF J. SAMUELS ! j
1 — _ . ®
I UMBRELLAS! Ladies' and Children's Hosiery. ME _ s FUENISHINGS DOMESTICS! !
I *VlfmJ__Fam___rf___rf___rfXm__/« 100 d children's __- i _, -ixe. in At a .._--___*.. iIUMI-j __. _*L -*_r *_^ !i
_■ uiuiii.^^' cashmere and fancy cotton, usual prices, '»«afs=^-rs _ si
® "c to , 6oci the pair; will be cleared out at mjxed colors, finished with double heels and „ + _-_ x*-_».-,-_ *♦
-♦• /\t 25 Cents. loc pair. - toes; this day's special price, 8 l-3c pair. -*-*» : *=* * ara *
® 100 GINGHAM UMBRELLAS, 28-lnch and , At 12 1-2 C Pair. lO" CentS. A M™?he-°wW- «°^_^ >
♦ -.-inch; will be closed out at 2oc. 125 dozen __.DIES* FAST BLACK COTTON Sv S Sa^Te"^,,, ME -rSfll^ 'absorbent?' value".-. ®
© — — HOSE, with double heels and soles; will , 82 'own MEN 5 HEAVY _j_A".l_,__b MbK- « -
_^ /\t SI.OO. be on -ale at 12_c the pair. IN' ' SOCKS, in sanitary gray and fancy .c. on sale at scjard. 4.
+ /-__ „'.„„___„ ,„ | o- -.1 -»i- s v mixed colors, with extra spliced heels and _^_ , ■ 0
® LADIES' SILK GLORIA UMBRELLAS. ; q + ?_- Cents. toes; this day's special price, 10c pair. " /_t «_>4C Tf ___*Ci. .
4. In Dresden handles; value. *1 75; will be '..._= PAVCY LISLE THREAD n _ .__-^."^_T _-__. *__ 95 pieces ALL-LINEN TOWELING, 18 J ,
m closed out at JL 76 dozen LA D IE^ FA I ; I^. L^ r ™ R p *f I *e A I*s 2-3 Cents. inches wide, heavy and durable; value ®
+ -_ w • w^ rx -.- rA - be l on\ale 6 _t le 2sc. for P '65 dozen MEN'S EXTRA FINE CASHMERE for 10c; on sale at We yard. +|
J> TT_ _TB-lfr_/\^kT_^ WOOL SOCKS, In camels hair, natural ®'
_. -J? i%i B_^ I 1 % Special Vain, in Children's and gray and fa« black colors; this day's B pleM^ A^ E S r L _«_. -*>;
(t ii 1 81 Ib! i 1 1 special Value in iniiarens ana dai pnce, v 2^^. M pieceB FLAXXEEETTES . fiPere h _ ck . ®
_. ■ __»_[-* _/,i 1 -_/- Ladies' Underwear. r. _ so *-— __.^-.*«» ' pood styles for ladles' wrappers; were "*C
♦ _Luj___*-__^ v__ i**» Ladies Underwear. At so Cent8 * we; wm _* dosed out at & .-a-.. ®
__ JuttUlWO _ ttvui. 25 dozen MEN'S LAUNDERED CHEVIOT *4*
_rt /_. IBS -— __.« «_ /.-f 1 "="_- and 25c. SHIRTS, with one pair reversible link j\f 70c Each. *_*
® /\t IS Cents. /-__ I*_»c _»ny» __--_-»•—. each: all sizes; this day's special , *->**■ »» i.
1 FANCY RIBBONS. In plaids. ' stripes. HO dozen ODD SIZES in CHILDREN'S VESTS price. 50 each- 3 cases WHITE BEDSPREADS hemmed (S) j
® ombre and Roman stripes; value, 25c, AND PANTS. In gray, white and red; usual ** ' ready for use, a strong and good texture; i ,
I ± 25 m - will be closed out at 15c yard. prices, _sc, 35c and 50c; will be on sale at /\± #55 Cents. value for 90c; on sale at 70c each. (£)
j ® __—__;' _. 15c and 25c each. X dozen MEN'S HEAVY VICUNA MERINO ___*___ ___T *f=-__^«. X
-£ /_t 5 Cents. r\ t 35c to 7 sc. undershirts and drawers, finished j At *_>l.i_> _=-__en. (i)
: ? 100 pieces of PLAID AND BAYADERE 5,, . DIES' VESTS. In odd lines, lnclud- ** ,th overstltched seams and warranted | 2 cases WHITE BEDSPREADS, very full -4-
! X RIBBONS, 2 and 3 inches wide; value 20c °° , n Z „ otton lisle thread and silk; former shrunk; this day*sjpeclal price. 600 each. size, extra heavy and hemmed ready for ®
! w yard; will be closed out at 5c yard. prices 50c to $2 25 each; will be on sale _. _ __- ____*_. use: the ** 50 Krade; on sale at »1 1_ +
4- — — * at 35c' to 75c each. **■*■ ' "-=> *— enrS ' each. ®
! ® /_t 5 CentS. SO dozen MEN'S UNDYED WOOL UNDER- __~_T _-, __ -♦- 1
>  , .tt ..,-^m^TMn-rm AND I I TXI I _*~_ r_l QUITS. SHIRTS AND DRAWERS, warranted thor- /_t $1.65 Each. X
® N °GRO A S PgrUV vaf_r Tl - S fcP_t-nrted UNION_SUITb. c , ugh ly shrunk; this day's special price. 7oc , „„„ WHITB MARSEILLES BED-®
+ -ofors; will closed out at yard. /_ 4-5 Cents. each ' ' SPREADS regular size pretty raised +
I "At io-cent 8 . * te^,_^^^ s^^i siLK HANDKERCHIEFS. «ir__«i«ft».--™?
® o !.^ l^^ _s_£3_s be on 8ale " 45 -_^r^ __ „ u^^ n^" ILI * 350 palre BED 8H — . made from the ©
-♦■ value lot will be closed lout at We. CORSETS. At 25 CeiltS. best grade of muslin hand torn and £
i 1 ' alue - -. ' ospa oul a v-wiroi-. About M dosgn mem's and BOYS' JApAN _ ironed, finished with a two-Inch hem; V
j X r« t _»= CentS. At 50c and 75c. ESE HEMSTITCHED SILK HANDKER- "will be offered at the following prices: X
I ■■H_ISf sg .__, M ssSißy" CHIEFS, with hand embroidered initials i Size — ■*-_. .»___!
! I '-I ggg °__ *_1 *» Sa^^ffj'^Lr 1 " ••*■ JSS-.*__- *_^*_-_^_»-_ ; "- i MtJ. 81x90...6_ W_o.._t, I
iC^ir.rallta (/Iff' » Building / M_tera7j«te_. j M_ ie ra7u»' s». i
Ijm^Smlm ! Marltet "and Jones Streets. Marltet ani Jones Streets. ; Market and Jones Streets. |
-»._,.,-.,*. OA^^____^-_* S -___-^_U-W^ 2
s^M^y WHEN YOU
B_r%_ 3 __>____r*__*S TRIC BELT get " Dr
Pierces" and you will
'^^^-Tee- '' not be disappointed.
i^U^-*- Call or address PIERCE
'• ELECTRIC CO.. 620
[ ■*___* «_ (opp. Palace Hote). S. F. -^
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
-L^A 025KEARNYKT. Eflabllshed
_B«?¥^ l s__a '" »**>•* for the treatment of Private
B JV.JjW Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
Bjß-_--___t disease wearing; on bodyand mind and
_^SlH___S Skin I)!»e_9H„ The doctor cures when
N_S others fail. Try him. Charges low
«______S____i CnrpiKnarnnlt-rd. Callorwrit—
_»r. _. !'• UIBBOM, Box 1967. 5 an Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
k-. Steamer- leave Broadway
) iff_ri- wharf. San Francisco:
_si!la_sB!V For Alaskan porta. a- m.,
|lr__s^^^ change at Seattle.'
_S*S_*« C For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
i ■ffiJPl jjjjt-mi C ) Port Townsend. Seattle.
Ir^^________ Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
' t *a«B_ and New Whatcom > (Wash.),
_ 10 a. m.. Mar. 2. 7, 12. 17 .22.
L, . i and every fifth day thereafter;
27: Apr. 1. and lo^this company's steamers
I change at Seattle w tn.s i c t Tacoma to N,
! for Alaska and G. >•«»•> Ry.
t*_?_*_^»Swn*
thereafter Monterey. San Simeon.
c_s^r^' s *fe__^_*^__a_;
A'-r^^nd^rrV'oSrihd^heVafter 1 : fe-
San Dlegb, stopping only at Port Har-
* J ? /c n « Tuls Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
t__ in-eles and Redondo (Los Angeles), li a
m Mar 3 7 U. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31; Apr. 4. and
eV F£' FnJeL-^Magdtlena Bay. San Jose de,
SSS Mazatlan. Altfta. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas .Mex.). 10 a. m Mar 9: Apr. 6.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hour? of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— » New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Geiv Af-t-..
. 10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
C ADC *12 First Class Inclndlng Berth «
rAIIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails Feb. 12, 22; March 4, 14.
State of California sails Feb. 7. 17. 77,
March 9. _
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendent.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p.m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
! connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. "'".'-.
HONGKONG MARU Friday, March 17
NIPPON MARU. Wednesday, April 12
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May 6
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner- First.
W. B. CURTIS,. General Agent.
AMERICAN LlNE-
sew YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LOUDON, PABIB. •
From New' York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul.... February 2.! St. Pau1....... March II
Bt- Louis March 1 St. Louis March 23
RED STAR LINE,
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. l_ noon.
Kensington.... Feb'y HjSouthwark March i
Noordland Feb'y 22 Westernland. .March 14
Frtesland March I. Kensington March 22
EMPIRE LINE, / .
Seattle, St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and car*
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
M Montgomery st., cr any of its agenda.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Compagnie Generate Transatiantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -s_s__.
(FRANCE). .Sailing every Saturday <2__fc__
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North _-**■*"-**---
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE March 11
LA BRETAGNE March 18
LA TOURAINE March 2.".
LA NORMANDIE April 1
LA CHAMPAGNE April 8
First class to Havre. $63 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre. $43. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. _*_*_____ & CO., Pacific Coast Agents,
5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
P9_____»__il **• S. AUSTRALIA
___ni_lL Ba' 1 *" for Honolulu
:£■***" ■ BBW Wednesday, March 8,
o__^^_/\ The 8 - s - Alameda
r^lT-illriniiV Bails via Honolulu and
O'WIIUIHV Auckland for Sydney
WiHP-R-P Wednesday, March 22,
•»_. iiivviw- at 10 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa,
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVER ST_sA_t-EE3.
~FQR 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO,
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m., 8:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
lpm and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. in.
Landing and office, Mlsslon-st. Dock, Pier No.
2. Telephone. Main 1508.
FARE 500
RAILROAD TRAVEL^
California
Limited
Santa ffe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los An_reles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY^
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th-n
following- Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New-
York at 1:30 P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Eleotrl-
Lighted Sleeping* Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAB FUICISCB TICKET OFFICE— S3 MARKET SL
TELEPHONE MAIN _&.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street
San Jaw Offioe— 7 West Santa 01--. __
A Superb Train
Jfimf\ EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
■UBI! Union pacific,
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUTJHAN6E.
B*tlF-*_*T _MO-__Na AND LIBRART CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOTJBL.B DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 3„ DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Lear*. Ban Francisco dally at ( *_ __
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent,
- No. 1 Mont* ornery street. Baa FrancUoo.
BAILBOAD TBAVE3_.
CALDPOINTA NOETffWESTESK H. CO.
XjE!SS_II__3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Perry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
■ WEEK PAYS— 7:3O, 6:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:23,
1:20. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trio
i at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:69
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDATS— B:OO. 9:50, 11:00 a m.; 1:10. 1:80,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:48,
8:40, 8:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips si
1:5! and 6:35 p. m.
*_CXDAYS^-8:10. 1:40, 11:10 a. m.j 1:40, 8:40,
8:00, 6:23 p. m.
Between Sr-u Francisco and Schnetaen Park
same schedule *« above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Franclsoo. In Effect San Francisco.
. . October 14, -
Week I Sun- IS?*. Sun- , Week
Days. : Days. Destination, days. days.
, , _. i ______________ ' ■■
7:80 am "8: CO am Novato, 10:40 amf 8:49 am
8:30 pm 9:80 am 1 Petaluma 6:10 pm 10:25 am
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:15 pm> 6:22 p_i
Fulton.
TtM am Windsor. 10*15 am
Healdsbur.,
Lytton,
Oeyserville,
1 130 pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm •*_* pa
-. — - . i — — — — ■
Hopland and
?:80 am. Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:21 pm
. i __ ■ ■
TiBo am I*:** "-*-»
8:00 am O-meyrllle. 7:85 pm
1:80 p-m ?__________
T:10 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 1:40 ant
and
8:10 pm 1:00 pm Olen Ellen. 8:10 pm 8:21 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopo). 10:40 am 10:28 am
1:10 pmi 5:00 prrsi ________!___"
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark.
I Spring.; at Lytton for Lytton Springe: at Gey-
servllTe for Ska-firs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springe,
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
-prlngs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Spring.; at Ukiah for Vichy Springe, Saratoga
§ prlngs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
prlngs, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter "Valley,
! John Day's, Riverside, I_erley*e. BuckneU's,
Banhedrln Heights, Hullvllle, Boonevllle, Orr'g
Hot Springs, Mendoolno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal, Wlllltts. Laytonvllle, CudT-
golng'B. Bell's Spring-, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka ___._.__,
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets al
i reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
: beyond San Rafael at -half rates.
Ticket Offices, 860 Market it.. Chronicle bid**,
1 H. C. WHITING. „-■•*•„-• R YAN,
"jQeneral Manager. Oen. Pass Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry. . -v .
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAJLLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •7:2O. *9:30. 11:00 a. m.; -:4_,
1:45. 6:15, »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:80 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *"10:00, •11:80 a. m.; *-:l_,
8:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin. _____
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. •6:23. 7:45, **9:30 a. m.;
*_»:20. 2:20. -:45. 5:05 p. m. *••'
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. ;
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. »8:00. •10:00, **_1:55 a. m..
•1:15. »3:10. 4:40. »6:20 p.. m. •
Trains marked • starts from San Quentin. __•
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:66. 9:40 a. m.;
' 12:85, 2:45. 3:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
! and Saturdays at 7:00 P. m. -._.'._,
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 1.20, 3:20,
! 1:00 4:20 p. m.
' THROUGH TRAINS.
I t:2- a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
i 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. ___ . - . .
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 25, IS9-. trains will run as follows*.
South-bound. North-bound. !
Passen- I Mixed. Mixed. I Passen-
ger. Sunday Statione. Sunday ger.
i Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd [ Daily.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:46 pm 6:00 pm
8:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm| 4:13 pm
10:40 am: 6:35 pm Fresno 9:80 am 2:42 pm
11:38 ami 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
1:28 pm 12:80 am Baker-field 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:89 am 6:25 pm' Vlsalla (:40 am 1:22 pm
12:16 pm! 6:53 pprm r ■ Tulare 6:80 am 1:06 pro,
' Stopping at Intermediate points as required, '
For particulars of stage and other connections]
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 121 Market
____^______tf-_i__s___- -» — — »
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
■ODTHMBK PACIFIC C.OX-PA-fT.
(PACiriC BT-BT__.)
! Tralea leave ami are due to arrive as
MAN Fit AN 4 •!»«< *».
i (Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lsav- — From Deo. 18, 1893. — Aaarra
•6:OOa Nllse. __■ Jose end Way Stations... *S:43_
7t4K>_ Benicl-. Suisun and Saaram6n t0. . . . > 43-
-*iOOa MarysTllle, Oro»l_taud Reddlug Tie
Woodland Bi4.*i--
-7ioo_ Klmlra, V_caT_le and Ramsey B>4o.
7:80 a Martinez, San Ramon, Valle.o. Xepa.
Oallstoca and Santa 8055..: 6tl3p
StOO* _.__._• Express, Ogden and Bast.. Si43f
OiSOa Sau Jose, LiTermore, Htockton,
lone, Sacramento, Pl_c_T_te,
MarysTllle, Chlco, Bed ltiuff 4il3r>
bißOa •Milton, Oekdaleand Jamestown... 4:13r
•tOO a Martlnes. Tracy. Lethrop. Stockton,
Merced and Preeno l_tl_->
OiOOa Fresno, Makersiield. 'Santa Barbara,
Los Acgeles, Demlng, El Paso,
Hew Orleans and East or43p
lO>oo_ Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:45.
l-tOO_'--llss, LiTermore, Stockton, Sacra*
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vlsalia,
PcrtertiUe if. 4:lBp
•liOOr S-cranieuto B(Ter Steamers *_:OOr
4>OOr Martinez, Ban Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, ''a!l«'..K«, Santa Rosa OslOa
4iOOp Benlcla. Vacarllie, Sacramento,
Woodlaud, Knights Landing,
MarysTllle, OrorHle 10:4*1,
«:SOpNlles, San Jose aud Stockton 715
BiOOpSan Franclsoo and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, B_kera_eld, Los
Angeles 9:43 a
BiBo p Stockton, Merced. Fresno 1-:13.
St— OP Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojare, Santa I7arb-ra and I.os
Angelee •••• S<43a
fS:OOF Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso.
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
*_ouls, Chicago and East i9:_-_.
-iBOp Santa. Fa Rome. AtUuvlc Express
for Mojare and Kast Oj4.*ie
OtOOp Ruropeau Mail. <>.<le» and Kast.... »i 43 a
OiOOp Haywards, Nilee and San Jose 7:43 a
•OrOOr Vallejo 18«13r
<7iOOp Vallejo, Port Costs and Way Sta-
tions 19:43.
•tOOp Oregon ]"*. press, Hanraitieutu, Marys.
Tllle, Reilillug, Portland. I'ugel
Sound and Kast ««1»A
clOiOSp Soojat Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East ■ 0143*»
" IH L_.4.M)K(I AMI» MIIWARRS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
~ *l Belrce, Semlanrr Park, f
• :OOa Fltclibiirr*. Klmharst, 0:13*
19-OOa Sen l.eaailro. South Sa« l*9i43a
lO.oo* I.esndro, Katedlllo, !„ : i"''-
{lliOOa ■ Lorenzo, Cherry __'_'2 P
S:oop aid *X l *\\
■'OOP llarwards. Wjjjj
**" * 4 Buns thro_ih to Nlles. 7,4 °*
) I Prom Nlles ■ I
COAST VISION (Na^roTf ('anse).
. (foot cf Market Street.' ______
_■___ Newark, CenterTiUe.Sao J oee. Felton,
BoulderCrtek.SantaOruiandWay
Statkma, ■■■■■ *■«*••
•St I Br Newark. OeoterTllle, San Jose, New
Ahaaden. Felton, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations.. M „' , __'*
4:1 3 r Newark. San Jose and Los Oatos... »•*•-
flli43p HnntcTS* __o_-slon, San Jose and ___
Way Btatiors... l"*-*t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fraaStl FIUBISCO— fnt af Marksi Street (She 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00.-. 11:03 *2:03 13:9.
•4:00 15:03 •l:00r.«.
OIIUI-— Ftei »'.ltuiv*j.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.*.
112 00 *1:C0 13:00 '3:03 11:00 *S:o3r.a.
COAST lUTI-410-1 (Broad «an 5 ~" "
(Third and Townsend Stw.) _^
7:OOa San Jose ami Way ______ (New
Almadeu Weduesdajs only) l:SO»
OiSOa Ran Jose. Tree Finos. Santa Cruz,
Pacific Oro»s Fas.. Bobles, Sau
Lnla Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4ilOp
19t40a San .lose and Way Stations •*»:noa
I1:30a Ban Jose and Way Stations S>33a
*»t43r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Sen .lose,
Ollroy. Hollister. Sasita Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey ami Pacißa
OroT „ •IO:3*»_
•*ii»op San Jots and Way Stations *»mO_
*_-______ Jose ami Principal Way Buttons 0:43 a
•StO-P San Jose sad Principal Way Stations ■*___
.1:80 p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 3:* top
4: 30p San Jots and Way Stations 7:SOp
tllr4flp San Joea and Way Stations 7:30P
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
•Sundays excepted. * Sundays only, * Saturdays only
-TMoDdays and Thursdays- aTuendays and Saturdaya
fi-aturdays and Wednesdays. 6ThursdaT« and Sundays.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto -erry.)
Leave San Franclsoo. commend-. _____•_
Sept. 1L 1898 . _
Week Days— a m..1:» p. m. ,
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00, 11:10 a. m.. 1:1* **> **_.
Round trip from Mill /alley. O.
__tOS. COOK A SON. Agent* 4-1 Marks.
street. San Francisco.
WeeHy Call $1.00 per Year
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SAYS LILLIAN
BRANDES DIED
OF PNEUMONIA
Remarkable Opinion
of Dr. Muller.
DEFENSE'S HOPES RUN HIGH
BRANDES WILL TESTIFY IN HIS
OWN BEHALF.
Queer Ideas on the Flexibility of a ,
Skull and Absence of External
Symptoms in Hang
ing.
;
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, i
908 Broadway, March 2. i
William A. Brandes, the accused raur- \
derer of his daughter, will bo given an I
opportunity to relate bis theory of his ;
daughter death to the jury. Mrs. Etta
Brandes. who is also charged with mur- ■
der, will also be called as a witness. This j
was decided upon late this afternoon by j
Attorneys Sawyer and Bennett, who have ;
been conducting Brandos' defense.
While interest in the now celebrated j
case lagged somewhat to-day, there were j
some most remarkable statements made j
by the medical expert- called by the de- I
fense.
Dr. G. L. Eaton, who had never exam- I
ined the body of the dead girl, testified j
that his office is next to that" of Dr. E. H. i
Woolsey, the defense's chief medical ex- j
pert; that he had carefully read the I
transcript of the testimony adduced at the ;
preliminary examination and that he dis- j
cussed the case with Dr. Woolsey at con- I
siderable length. He gave it as his opin
ion that Lillian Brandos had died by |
hanging: that the bruises. marks and mot- j
tled appearnce of the dead girl's limbs j
.were post mortem, and were evidence of |
hanging. 1*
On cross-examination Dr. Eaton gave
some remarkable opinions. He was hand- I
ed the skull cap of the dead girl, and i
regarded It as the skull of a person be- 1
tween 20 and 22 years of age. Lillian
Brandes was 13 years of age at the time I
of her death. He stated that the bones of !
the skull of an Infant, even at the time I
of delivery, could not be bent by Instru- j
ments, but that the skull would more |
Jikelv be broken. On the subject of hang
ing, witness stated that in all such cases
there is found congestion of the lungs
and m«ir* or less congestion of the brain :
substance. He said as an absolute fact i
that In hanging there are commonly no ]
external symptoms, neither in cases of
suicidal hanging nor Judicial execution, j
and that death by hanging was caused by
the pressure on the pneumogastric nerve,
and that such pressure was heavier in :
suicidal hanging than in cases of judicial !
execution.
Dr. H. E. Muller, the next expert wit- \
ness for the defense, made perhaps the j
most startling statement from a medical ,
standpoint that has been given at the i
trial. He said that the adhesions of the !
membranes, as found in the case of Lil- j
lian, were due to pleuro-pneumonla, which i
caused the adhesions of the pleura in the I
lower half of the right lung; that the
meningitis which produced those adhe
sions was an incidental complication to the |
pleuro - pneumonia; that persons who
have this condition of the membranes, fol- I
lowing these cases of pleuro-pneumo
nla, are liable to be mentally and mor- j
ally disturbed, and that such cases are !
frequently found in insane asylums.
Dr. Muller went still further by stat
ing that the meningitis as found in the
case of Lillian Brandes. as shown by the
prosecution, was not sufficient to kill the
child. ; l
The defense now bases its main hopes
upon the theory that the prosecution must :
rely upon shock as the cause of Lillian's i
death, and that this shock, between the j
time of the infliction of the blow on the i
head and the time of death, nearly four
days later, would have spent itself and
would not have been present as a disturb
ing force at the time of death.
Dr. Muller will again occupy the stand
to-morrow, and thereafter the defense has
but two more medical experts to offer— i
Drs. Pratt and Crowley— and early next ,
week the accused murderer and his ac- ;
cused wife will be called. It Is expected
the case will reach the jury for deliber- !
ation by the end of next week.
The weary trial is weighing heavily on
Brandos. His bearded face is decidedly >
pale his eyes have lost their luster, and
he appears to be laboring constantly un
der great mental strain and agony. At j
times he seems greatly bored, and to-day i
he was unusually nervous.
PLOT IN THE FELIZ
DIVORCE THICKENS
ATTORNEY CONNERS JOINED AS
A DEFENDANT.
Mrs. Feliz Charges Her Husband
With. Unscrupulous Trans
actions.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 2.
The plot thickens in the divorce suit of
Refugio Bernal Feliz against Joee Feliz,
on the ground of desertion, and defend
ant's attorney, D. M. Conners, is to be
made a defendant. Notice to that effect
was filed to-day by plaintiff's attorneys,
William Bailey and Carl Wood, who will
on next Monday also move that their
client be permitted to filo an amended
supplemental complaint.
The latter pleading will set forth that
when Refugio Bernal Feliz married Jose
on December 26, 1885. she possessed a 200
--acre ranch near Pleasanton, and, being
desirous of also owning two town lots In
Livermore, and reposing confidence in her
newly acquired Jose, she gave him money
wherewith to purchase for her the cher
ished property. Instead, Jose had an un
divided one-half interest vested in his
name, and after plaintiff had expended
$1000 in improvements on the lots Jose
mortgaged one-half . interest to D. M.
Conners as security for a promissory note
for $225. bearing date February 10, 1899.
The amended supplemental complaint
will also allege that on February 13 last
Jose, without any consideration, pretend
ed to convey by deed to Antonio B.
Mezzo an undivided one-half interest in
the property. Mrs. Feliz therefore asks
that Mezzo, too, be made a defendant.
Mrs. Feliz alleges that. she Is not versed
in the vernacular, and therefore did not
understand what her deserting husband
was about. She asks that deeds and mort
gage be declared void and that the court
decree the property as being held in trust
for her. -'"■',"; '":%■
Divorced and Reunited.
OAKLAND. March 2.— A marriage li
cense was issued by County Clerk Jordan
this afternoon to Andreas Fred Schneider
and Emelia Schneider, aged 51 and 53
years respectively, both residents of San
Francisco The couple have been married
" before, and several years ago were legally
separated. . _
Alameda News Notes.
AMEDA. March '..—The choir of St.
Joseph's Catholic Church will sing Mo
zart's seventh mass Suntlay. Robert Dun-
There will be a violin solo by Julius
can barytone? will render "O Salutarls "
liauß and Miss Greenwell will sing a solo
from the "Marriage -of Figaro.
Snrucp Camp. Woodmen, of the World,
gave an entertainment last evening at
The St nrltSmes of the Encinal Recrea
tion riub's whist tournament were played
list ri ght resulting in a victory for M.
G Curtfs and F. P. Howland U who de
feated L. Shannon and H. M. Lor pes.
VOTERS IN
THE ANNEX
QUITE SAFE
Dow Wins the Suit
for the City.
WILL INFLUENCE POLITICS
AUDITOR SNOW'S STAND ON
WATER PLANTS.
Many Campaign Meetings Held and
Other. Are Planned
Quiet Work Being
_- Done.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, !
908 Broadway, March 2.
The 1500 voters In the annexed district '
have no longer any doubt as to their mu
nicipal standing, for the Supreme Court
handed down an opinion to-day declaring
that the annexed territory is legally a
part of Oakland.
The main point of contention was a i
technical one, based on the apparent il
legality of incorporating outlying terri
tory which was already divided into in
corporated sanitary districts. The Su
preme Court reviewed the matter at some
length and disposes of all the objections.
It was supposed from the first that the
annexation project having obtained the
necessary two-thirds vote, would be sus
tained by the court on the general prin
ciple that courts are always reticent
about upsetting the expressed will of the
people. The case was brought by Thomas
Cuff, who appealed from the decision of
the Superior Court affirming the annexa
tion. City Attorney Dow conducted the
case for the city. *■„ ■ V-;.
The political complexion of this new
territory will be tested on the 13th of this
month for the first time in a municipal
election. The district is claimed by both
parties, and if public opinion in the an
nex is of the same variety and as change
able as that of Oakland It would be hard
to guess which side has a majority.
The sorrow that has como to the home
of Mr. Snow cannot help but have a
marked effect on the political campaign
now pending. John L. Davie has stated
that it was understood between him and
Mr. Snow that this campaign should not
be one of vilification, and now that Mr.
Snow i_ perforce removed from the plat
form it is apparent that decency should
prevail and that little more real cam
paigning can be done.
Mr. Snow, prior to the death of his wife,
had prepared a speech which he Intended
to use through the campaign. This
speech has been given out for publica
tion and shows very clearly how* the Re
publican standard bearer stands on pub
lic questions. Regarding the important
question of Oakland's water supply, Mr.
Snow says:
<•> Meanwhile the fixing- of water rates 1? •$>
4> the annual duty of the Council. This <$>
■•• rock still lies mid-stream wrecking: year <$•
4> after year the reputations of city officers <•>
<$> and the hopes of rate payers. lam told <J>
•**• that the Supreme Court of this State has <»>
•>*> seen fit to hand down a decision to the •§>
<•> effect that, re.anlless of the actual <•>
<$> worth of a water plant, the Common <.
<|> Council shall fix rates for water that >:•>
«» shall return to the owners an Income up- <J>
<§> on the amount invested. The construe- <$>
<§. tion of new plants and their absorp- <$>
<«> tion by the original company goes on. <$>
<«> Millions pile upon millions until rate <$•
<!• payers stagger under the burden. The <*>
<J> Supreme Court must be given an oppor- •*■
<♦> tunity to modify its opinion or reverse <$•
<$> Itself. Water rates should not be fixed _>
<$> by the government of this city to re- ' <•>
i •*► turn one dollar more than a fair income <•>
Sttirn one Investment sufficient provide <*>
noon an investment sufficient to provide 4S>
<$► water. This Is my proposition upon the <-,•>
<!> water rate question. It is time to elect 4>
<«> a government In Oakland that will look _►
<j> after the interest of the rate payer. The <•>
<§» water companies are able to look after <$.
-;•> themselves, and they may always ap- <$>
>§> peal to the courts, while a water rate <$•
*> payer has no standing there. I believe <§>
<<j> the whole State ls coming to realize at <•>
<•> last the necessity for the conservation of <*>
<£■ wasted mountain water. An organization <••>
<*> of the cities and towns around the bay ■••
<•> of San Francisco for this purpose will
4> help to bring relief to the burdened rate <§<
! <!> payer. And I have it In mind to urge <i>
_> such an organization. _>
This evening the Republicans held a
: mass meeting at Montana Hall in West
: Oakland, which was well attended. The
; Third Ward Republican Club has decided
j to do active personal work for the en
; tire ticket in that ward. They held their
I ALAMEDA BACHELORS'
I CLUB WILL DISBAND
I Social Ostracism Brings Its Members to
I Terms After Six Months of Independence,
1 Will Plead for Forgiveness.
& J LAMEDA, March 2. After an existence of six months, the Alameda
X A Bachelors' Club has decided to disband. The members will be re-
-9 r\ leased from their anti-matrimonial agreement and will be left free to
# form an alliance with Cupid. Social ostracism has been the lot of the
£ members of the Alameda Bachelors' Club. As soon as it was made public
V that they had combined to Bachelors' charms soon as was made of the
that they had combined to resist the charms of the young ladies of the
g Encinal City their lives were made miserable.
9, At one promenade concert given by the Encinal Recreation Club the la-
£•; dies insisted that every member of the Bachelors' Club present should be im-
<s> . prisoned in the handball court before they would consent to take part in the
Of festivities. All that evening the crest-
's -+-&-+-®- : +-Q' -*»-♦ -»-<»>-♦- <$>-*-&-*-&% fallen bachelors peered through the
<!? , **-"_-S------^^_ \ wire screening, to be greeted by the
*? * 41__-^§§fti^^__V 4» sneers and -f es,ts of the fairer sex.
'£ '.* j|««jj-^_prr-S*^*fcj!»^ > X' Following close upon the heels of this
t***** 1 !^ ' i . ___lf_h|r ___a X humiliating experience, the club re-
% 1 i'l_i'l____.*l___Sl I ceived a letter signed "The Young
*•> / • \V^___-_S__-__H Ladies of Alameda," stating that the
A; / V^y_^^^_«^|_i_ *_ n * Pmbprs nati gone to unnecessary
__ /-__^_^ N^?'^^i_P'^_____l * trouble in organizing against Cupid's
• A*^_l_slF^>_i^-_?-__ii_M "«* wiles - as nono of the young ladies
$ /^*^^*__?^/**®_is • t would have them as a e Jft -
§' , __-^ 4* "There are others," the letter stated,
i' /» _ ; _*-____§_^__Sl^_P^ ♦ " who aro not only ab,p to take care of
\j %vl'_-b_l____JftH___s_W{ir <*> themselves but provide for a wife also.
9 X'''^'^^____i_-_-__B__y'''\ * It; is doubtful if a member of the
w V^_^___.^*_e__^«^^ ei^ yla * Bachelors' Club can do either."
&^____B-7_r^^ _______ * Th,s was a crusher : but still the
T^ /"'y_r^_^__/i_ _r*_*§t Sl__ * members clung together bravely. Six
<_ Mf/frjCfnM& ______ _____ V" mont hs °' such torture, however, has
♦ M fff///7W^^Pf'^^^^^^^^^^ * broken their proud spirits, and they
O' /m/v'' / /^'/Sffl^S^Sa » *$■ w "'* ' lif ' ad for tbe privilege of making
*(S-/W^W^-^_Lv^^^_^3-_^^^2»^-_>*/ 1 an unconditional surrender.
O. w/'W? *^___r_*!!^--^__^_-^^^^-~^ X The flnal meetin^ of the club will be
<2 ' wjfivi Wfflfii^*s*_----5-i»* 55^' f held next Saturday night at the home
¥ .-_- , _, .-• i. - i-i----_ * of Bachelor J. H. P. Wittich, 1603 Wal-
« DR. W/. X.. r_ _■ __ I-I __. *_» . _. _. ... ' »_. _..___
Q ______ __________-\ __________--_-_■_- nut street. After winding up the busl-
•«s•<.••-• ->-.-->-♦— • «> • *-» nesg a a { rs of the club, the members
9 will discuss an elaborate banquet and try to forget their sorrows. Then the
« foes of Cupid will adjourn sine die. President Bachelor W. R. Hughes will
<£ be the toastmaster. He will open the proceedings with an elaborate address,
V taking for his subject, '"Tis Not- Well to Live Alone."
% The list of toasts and the names of those who will respond follow:
<»> "Where Am I At?" Bachelor Clyde Conkey; "A Little Policy Is a ■ Good
9 Thing," Bachelor J. H. P. Wittich; "How It Feels to Be Crossed In Love,"
X Bachelor Edward James; "Heart Aches," Bachelor Charles Hopkins; "The
9 Girls I Left Behind Me," Bachelor Ralph Elster; "There Is Only One," Bach-
X elor Fred Elster: "Cold. Feet,' Bachelor H. L. Zimmerman; "The Cream of
<j> the Situation," Bachelor George Innes; "Where the Shoe Pinches," Bachelor
6 George B. Dinsmore; "All the World Loves a Lover," Bachelor Harry Jack-
X son; "They're After Me," George Stratford; "A Man's a Man for a' That," E.
$ Livingston; "Blissful Ignorance," Al Behneman; "Let's Kiss and Make Up,"
& Charles Goddard.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI-1., FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1899.
first meeting this evening at the head
quarters of the Republican City Central
Committee. . .; ■ ■_ _ .
The Independents opened In Piedmont
this evening. This is the home of P. J.
Keller, one of the candidates, and he
made the chief speech of the evening. To
morrow evening the Independents will
hold a mass meeting at Fruitvale.
The Democrats will hold a meeting bat
urday night at Germania Hall.
SAVED BY TIMELY NERVE.
! Narrow Escape From Being Burned
to Death.
ALAMEDA. March 2.— By the presence
of mind this evening of Christina Olsen, a
domestic employed at the home of Lewis
E. Spear, 1625 Dayton avenue; Miss Anita
Lopez, a nursegirl, was saved from a hor
rible death. The young lady was seated
In the kitchen near a hanging lamp, which
fell from its fastenings and breaking on
the floor enveloped her In blazing coal oil.
j The frightened girl ran from the kitchen
I to the dining room, her clothing in flames.
! screaming with pain as the Are reached
I her body Miss Olsen, who was n the
• front part of the house, was attracted by
I her piercing screams and ran to her as-
I sistance. Taking in the situation at a
glance Miss Olsen grabbed a table coyer
i and hurriedly wrapped It about Miss Lo
pez, smothering the flames.
I The injured girl's hair was singed, her
face considerably scorched and her right
i limb quite seriously burned. A physician
i was summoned, and after dressing the in
! juries stated that while the burns were
painful they were not of a very serious
nature. The girl's skirts and undercloth
! ing were burned almost to ashes, and her
' escape from death was miraculous. *
In the meantime the burning oil had set
j Are to the woodwork of the kitchen, which
! blazed briskly, but was extinguished by
I Louis Jacob! Jr. and Charles Wheat on,
! neighbors, before the arrival of the Sher
: man street hose wagon, which responded
! to a stil alarm sent in about 8:30 o'clock.
YOUNG MRS. LEVISON
DENIED A DIVORCE
UNABLE TO PROVE . LEGALITY
OF HER MARRIAGE.
Her Alleged Husand Is Accused of
Successfully Deceiving Her
for Fourteen Years.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 2.
Young Mrs. Levison has been denied a
divorce by Judge Ellsworth, because, ow
ing to an alleged deception on the part of
her second husband, she is unable to
prove that she was legally free to con
tract a marriage with Levison twelve
years ago. •'••' "-
When a girl, a little over 14 years old,
Mrs. Levison was Induced In Lewis and
Clarke County Oregon, to marry a man
named Mullin. She lived with him in the
forests for a few weeks, and at the end
of that time they were so mutually dis
tasteful to each other that they parted
willingly. Levison came on the scene, and
being more agreeable to the girl made love
to her with complete success. Mullin was
perfectly willing that his bride of a month
should obtain a divorce, and both he and
Levison assured her, so she claims, that
the necessary legal steps had been taken
toward that end. Believing herself at lib
erty matrimonially, Mrs. Mullin married
Levison by contract, and the relatives on
both sides regarded them as husband and
wife for a period of twelve years, during
which five children were born. Finally
Levison made himself very objectionable
and left his home. Mrs. Levison brought
suit for divorce on the ground of deser
tion, but was not able to prove to the sat
isfaction of the court that she was di
vorced from her first husband thirteen
years ago.
A few months ago Levison obtained
some notoriety in this city by declaring
he had swallowed a bottle of strychnine
because of his matrimonial sorrows, but
Mrs. Levison's friends declare that this
was simply a subterfuge on his part to
obtain sympathy. His wife is now living
in San Jose, working hard to support her
numerous family, and Levison is in the
employ of the lighthouse service on Goat
Island, but is not doing anything to
lighten his wife's burden.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, March 2.— Miss Johanna
Griffith was found dead in bed by her
brother this morning at her home, 1115
Twenty-third avenue. She was 74 years
of age, and retired at 9 o'clock last night
apparently In good health.
Grace Allison and Isaac W. Bain were
taken from the County Jail to-day and
transported to San Quentin, where they
will serve a sentence of fifteen months
for using the mails for illegal purposes.
Lieutenant Godfrey L. Card en of Marys
vllle, who was with Admiral Sampson's
squadron at Santiago, will deliver a lec
ture on "Naval Gunnery" to-morrow
night at the auditorium of the Y. M. C. A.
Joseph Lampson, who opened a home
for destitute boys and bootblacks in
Butte, Mont., recently, will inaugurate a
similar institution in this city shortly.
The place will be fitted up with beds, a
gymnasium and reading room.
ANNEXATION
TO OAKLAND
WAS PROPER
The Decision of the
Supreme Court.
SALOON-KEEPERS DEFEATED
WILL HAVE TO PAY A BIG MU
NICIPAL LICENSE.
The Newly Acquired Territory Sure
to Cut an Important Figure
in the Coming City
Election.
The Supreme Court has rendered a de
cision in the big Oakland annexation case,
holding that the annexation is legal.
While the matter is directly of great Im
portance to the people residing In the old
Lorin and Golden Gate districts, as well
as to the residents of Oakland, the deci
sion is far-reaching, as it will apply to
many municipalities all over the State
where enlargement of municipal territory
ls or may be contemplated. The facts of
the case as presented to the higher court
i are interesting. ' '.'.•■
After the annexation of a large '.iec
of territory on the north of Oakland to
the city in the manner prescribed by l:«w,
action was begun to have the proceedings
declared illegal and void. ; The Superior
Court of Alameda County decided that
the annexation was legal.
From all accounts, those who were most
bitter In opposition to annexation were
about thirteen saloon-keepers, who were
anxious to avoid the payment of the mu
nicipal liquor license of $400 a year instead
of $100, the amount of the license of the
outside districts. Acting upon the deci
sion of the lower court, all of the political
parties in the annexed districts nominated
candidates for the offices of the Oakland
j municipality, that are to be filled by the
election that Is to take place on the 13th
of this month. In the meantime, the ap-
I peal had been taken to the higher court,
and, realizing the necessity of having a
j decision to avoid getting matters badly
I muddled, the Supreme Court consented
I to advance the case Instead of letting It
I take its regular course and come up in
I a year or so. The final opinion was writ
i ten by Commissioner Hayne, and Chief
! Justice Beatty added a concurring opin
ion.
Commissioner Hayne briefly states the
case by saying that it was to determine
the validity of proceedings under which
Oakland claims the territory lying north
of her charter line to the town of Berke
ley. The annexed territory includes the
whole of Adeline sanitary district and
part of Golden Gate sanitary district, and
the contention was made that sanitary
districts cannot be annexed to an Incor
porated town or city under the act of 1889,
under which the proceedings in question
were had. Relative to this the court in
part says:
This contention is based upon the proposition
that two public corporations cannot exist in the
same territory when the powers conferred upon
each conflict one with the other, and that the
powers conferred upon each do conflict; that
sanitary districts cannot be dissolved by an
nexation proceedings under the act of 1889. but
only In the special way provided by the sani
tary act under which they were organized, and
if they can be annexed to the city it must be
under the statute providing for the consolida
tion of municipal corporations.
It may be conceded at the outset that sani
tary districts are public corporations, though
not designated as corporations by the statute,
and that all their powers, duties and privi
leges arc_uch as are incident to municipal cor
porations formed under the municipal govern
ment act or existing under freeholders' charters,
though not possessing many of the Important
powers, duties and privileges of the latter, and
that the same powers could not after annexa
tion be exercised by each In the same territory.
But if the statute permits territory embraced In
or covered by a sanitary district to be annexed
to a city municipal corporation of a higher
class and capable of exercising the same func
tions as well as others essential to municipal
government such statute contemplates a ces
sion of the powers of the inferior corporation to
the greater, and a consequent dissolution of the
former as a result of the annexation.
If the territory* embraced in these sanitary
districts had chosen to incorporate under the
statute as a town or a city instead of becom
ing annexed to the city of Oakland it cer
tainly could not have been necessary as a pre
liminary to such Incorporation to disincorpo
rate as such sanitary districts, since by the in
corporation they would have preserved every
right and privilege they had before, and would
at the same time acquire other rights and
additional powers which would enable them
the better to preserve and secure all the rights
they had as sanitary districts; and jif > they
might incorporate as a town or city without
first dissolving the prior incorporation, no rea
son is perceived why they could not accom
plish the same thing by becoming annexed to
an existing municipal corporation, under the
act of 1889.
This statute unquestionably authorized the
annexation of the territory here in question un
less appellant's further contention can be sus
tained, viz.: that these districts were munici
pal corporations, and the proceedings to ac
complish the union of this territory with the
city of Oakland should have been taken under
section 8 of the act of 18S3.
The court holds that the suggestion
that difficulties might arise out of the
division of Golden Gate Sanitary District,
a part of which is not annexed, need not
cause apprehension, as the act providing
for the creation of Such districts also
provides for their dissolution.
The appellant's second point is: "There
is no law under which to add the an
nexed territory to any wards, so as to
enable the duly qualified electors residing
In the annexed territory to use the elec
tive franchise to which they are entitled
under the constitution."
To this the court answers by calling
attention to the Oakland charter, which
provides that the city shall be redls
trlcted Into seven wards every ten years,
so long as this is not done within ninety
days previous to an election. In altering
the boundaries of the wards, or creating
new wards, regard must be had to the
number of inhabitants, so that each ward
shall contain, *as near as may be, an equal
number of inhabitants, exclusive of per
sons incapable of citizenship in this
State. ______
The City Council adopted an ordinance
changing the boundaries of the Second
Ward, and the contention was that It had
no power to do so. ■ .. •■_*•_;_*
On this -point the court, speaking of the
power given by the Legislature to make
such changes, says:
It is enacted that the boundary of the ad
jacent ward or ; wards shall be changed so as
to Include the added territory. As the city of
Oakland is limited to seven wards by Its char
ter the annexed territory was properly added
to "the Second Ward.- This. I think, could be
done without violation of Its charter. Section
25 of the charter, while requiring that the city
shall be redistrlcted Into seven .wards every
tenth year, does not prohibit a change of
boundaries at other times.
It seems that there were two petitions
for annexation, the first being Imperfect
in its designation of the boundaries of
the new territory- The second was acted
upon by the Council. The appellant ar
gued that in this there was irregularity.
The court held that no one was Injured
by the failure to submit the first to a I
vote. The lower court was sustained.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, March 2.— George Galloup
died yesterday at his residence on the
corner of Adeline street and Alcatraz ave
nue, Lorin. Deceased was 43 years of age
and well known in Berkeley. He leaves
a widow and one child. Funeral services
will be held to-morrow morning at 10
o'clock. - •
The Rev. H. F. Boyd, pastor of the
North Berkeley Congregational Church,
has tendered his resignation as pastor in
order to confine his time to work as an i
evangelist. The resignation was accepted i
at a meeting of the church congregation
held last night. *■> >•_*_ •*--■
Professor George W. Howison of the |
department of philosophy in the Univer- j
sity of California will deliver an address
before the Charming Club in the Unita
rian church to-morrow night. The sub
ject of the address will be "Miracles."
Photographs of the wonders of
Niagara Tails in winter in next Sun
day's Call.
SWAIN WOULD
NOT KISS AND
BE FRIENDS
Architect's Wife Sues
for Divorce.
THE CHARGE IS DESERTION
NO CONTEST AND NO SENSA
TIONAL DEVELOPMENTS.
Parties to the Suit Amicably Settle
Out of Court All Questions in
Connection With Division
of the Property.
There are to be no sensational develop
ments in the Swain divorce suit. The
complaint which has just been filed by
Mrs. Wilhelmina Swain charges the hus
j band, Edward R. Swain, the architect,
• with desertion, and the many charges
gossip has been wont to promise when
the suit came to trial are completely ig
nored.
The troubles of the couple have been
more or less freely discussed by their
friends for something more than a year.
At the beginning of the estrangement
there was some mention of a woman in
the. case, but the mysterious female has
since been lost to sight. In fact, those
in a position to know declare that Mrs.
Swain was most anxious for a reconcilia
tion with her recalcitrant spouse,, but
i that ail her overtures to kiss and make
up were ignored. Judge Denson of the
firm of Denson, Oatman & Denson, Mrs.
Swain's attorney, is authority for the
statement that the proceedings for di
vorce are just the natural result of a
I "cooling off" on both sides.
. The suit will not be contested. It is un
| derstood that the matter of property di
! vision has been satisfactorily settled by
i the unhappy couple and a large sum set
! tied upon the wife, so that the question of
I alimony ill not be raised by her.
The Swains were married March 28, 1888.
I The fruit of the union was one child,
who died several years ago. Mr. Swain
] is best known locally as the architect
j of the ferry depot. He is represented In
the suit by Linforth & Whittaker.
Mrs. Swain has a residence at 412 Leav
! enworth street, but spends- the greater
' Bart of her time with her sister, Mrs.
I >alv, at the latter's Oakland home. Mr.
: Swain is keeping bachelor's hall at 500
| Clayton street. .
UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA NEWS
Military Appointments Mining* 1 Stu
dents to Play Baseball in
Laboratory Costume.
BERKELEi', March 2.— The much-cov
eted military honors awarded every year
among the commissioned officers of the
Cadet Corps have been announced by
Professor Frank Soule, commandant In
charge of the military department. The
list of promotions and assignments con
sists of the following:
Captain H. W. Gibbons to be lieutenant col
onel In command of the regiment in the field;
Captain William Ede to be major of the
First Battalion; Captain William A. Hackley
to be major of the Second Battalion; Lieuten
ant Oliver Dibble to be captain of Company H;
First Lieutenant Ralph C. Daniels to be cap
tain of Company G; First Lieutenant Ernst H.
Denlcke to be captain of Company E.
A very important meeting of the As
sociated Students will be held to-morrow
morning for the purpose of considering
two or three radical changes in the or
ganization and scope of the student body
as a whole. The executive committee has
formulated three questions which they
will present for discussion. They read as
follows: "Shall there be an organiza
tion of the entire student body recognized
by the faculty and Board of Regents as
a part of the administration of the uni
versity?" "Shall the Athletic Association
be consolidated with the Associated Stu
dents, leaving athletic affairs to be man
aged oy 'i committee of the lattrt-'s ap
pointment?' "How shall the finances of
the organization be conducted?"
The far-reaching effect of these pro
posals will make their discussion of great
moment to the students. It is expected
that the meeting accordingly may lead to
consequences which will have an impor
tant bearing upon the future organization
of the body of Associated Students.
The junior and sophomore classes in the
college of mining are scheduled to meet
each other in a game of baseball .to bo
played upon the campus to-morrow morn
ing" at 11:15 o'clock. The following names
have been announced of those taking
part:
Juniors— Haseltlne. catcher; Mallon, pitcher;
Meln, first base; White, second base; Reid,
third base; Merrlam, shortstop; Bauron, left
field; Hicks, center field; Cornish, right field.
Sophomores— Pringle, catcher; Kerfoot, pitcher;
Bigelow, first base; Shaw, second base; Fan
eul', third base; Hunter, shortstop; Alexander,
center field; Griffin, right field.
NO WARRANT YET
ISSUED FOR SHARPE
HAS NOT RETURNED TO HIS
LOCKED OFFICE.
Miss Jacobson's Ante-Mortem State
ment in District Attor
ney's Hands.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 2.
Dr. C. J. Sharpe is in no danger of ar
rest. He has not been at his office on
Washington street since he knew that
Miss Jacobson had made an ante-mortem
statement directly charging him with be
ing responsible for her death, and It has
been frequently reported that he is elud
ing the police. It was learned to-day that
the police* are not looking for him and
that the warrant supposed to have been
issued is not in existence. It Is known
that Dr. Sharpe was at his. office the day
after Miss Jacobson's death and it is
believed that he is now in San Fran-
Cisco.
The Coroner's jury did not bring In .
verdict charging Dr. Sharpe with the
murder of Miss Jacobson, and it was gen
erally understood that a warrant had
been issued from the District. Attorney's
office. No warrant has been issued by
either the District Attorney or the Coro
ner, and therefore no search, is being
made for the missing doctor. Should he
return to his office It Is likely that a
warrant would be Issued, but no one has
taken the Initiative.
The ante-mortem statement of Miss Ja
cobson in the possession of the District
Attorney was not presented at the Coro
ner's Inquest and its contents were not
known to the jurors.
DISPUTE OVER THE BALLOT.
All Alameda Candidates Likely to Be
Designated as Independents.
ALAMEDA, March 2.— is probable
that when the Alameda voter goes to
stamp his ballot at the April election he
will be unable to distinguish a Municipal
League candidate from a Harmonic Hall
nominee. All candidates will be alike to
him, for they will, in all probability, be
designated only as "Independents."
When City Clerk Lamborn announced
that he Intended to give all nominees and
parties a fair deal on the official ballot
Attorney R. B. Tappan threatened to ap«
ply to the Superior Court for a writ of
prohibition if he attempted to place the
designation "Municipal League" after the
names of any of the office seekers, claim
ing that the league- was not a recognized
political body under the law.
"If the question is submitted to the
courts," said the City Clerk to-day, "I
believe they, will decide in favor of Tap-
San's contention. But in retaliation the
lunlclpal League people will strive to
keep any mention of Harmonle Hall- off
the ballots on- the same grounds that
Tappan advances, and I think the courts
would sustain the league also."
The league appointed a committee at
Its last meeting to arrange to take the
proceedings indicated by Mr. Lamborn if
it was thought advisable.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C M Root. Sacto N Green, Watsonvllle
W J Wilson, Newcastle C F Bryant. Cal
J H Mansfield, Chlco J Richards, Placervllle
W Casson, w & c, Va F Mason, Sacto
J Ray, S Rosa H A Walton. Yuba
H Goodyear. Benicia C W Hall. N Yr-v
F H Green. S Rafael VV Dillingsworth&f.Cal
J B Moore. Cal J Golroan, Merced
A Shephard, Cal F J Harreil, Merced
H P Hartt. Virginia R Stevens, L Ang
A Singer, Chicago E Bohllnger, N Mcx
J Fleischer, Denver J Berry & w. Fresno
J Donnely, NY L. Wilson & w. Cal
M Brown, Oil City J Lincott, Watsonvllle
Mrs Whitton, Chicago |H C Peery, Ogden
Mrs Merrlam. Chicago !w C Dickey, Phila
F Whitton,- Chicago Mrs Dickey, Phila
Miss Baber, Palo Alto Miss Coder, Phila
J Cornwall & w, Cal J Mills, Stockton
i M P Cornwall. Cal |W Little. Ft Wayne
H H Harlow, Cal ,B Hunter, Ft Wayne
H Pierce. S Barbara C Fisher. Ft Wayne
R. C Argg & w. S Jose I F Knox. Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
A W Jenson, I* S A :W W Shaw &w, NY
N Mansfield, 1' S A Miss Wakeman. N V
H Lee & w, Chicago R W Wakeman, N V
! Dr Lillencranz. Oakld E E Hartzell. NY
G _ Hooper. Salt Lake J T Richards, St Barb
: * E Bush. Montana W E Moore. Conn
i H L Harris Jr. USA R M Collins. Stanford
! S N Bushfleld, USA W B Stevens Jr. N V
I C D Herron, USA Mrs G A Castor N V
! H Jacoby,- New York Miss Castor. NY
S A Goldsmith. N V Miss E Castor, NY
Dr C Stone & w, Idaho Mies S E Nunez. NY
J Jacobs & w. Portland M J Reid & w. NY
IT F Ryan, Spokane Miss M Reid. NY
I J M Long. Portland Mrs B L Coder, Phila,
A A Sibley, Mass iW C Dickey _ w, Phil
' R W Foster. NY L M Wise & w. NY
! H M Kinney _ w. Pa G N Loomls, NY
L A Morton & w. 111 J W Herbert, N V
! H G Jordon & w. Mass |
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
I J P Noble & w, Fresno IF S Jaqueth, NY
I H P Hills. L Ang pQ Herberger. Minn
T F Donohue. L Ang H Borgerdlng&w, Minn
H Wilkinson & w, Cal W Bolgers, Stockton
< W Chalker, Suisun M Jefferson, Chicago
j .7 Jameson, N V C Wells. Fresno
I J O Caseres, Ogden Mrs smith, Petaluma
I E Field. Angels Camp i J L Joyce. Sacto
j J B Griggs. Ireland F Walters. S Jose
I Mrs Mather, L Ang I
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
SWINEMUNDE — Arrived March 2 — Stmr
Thtngvalla, from New York.
ROTTERDAM — Arrived March 2 — Stmr
Spaarndam. from New York.
NEW YORK— March 2— Stmr Cuflc. for
Liverpool. -
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock
2.61 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. _*_
• T.. Masonic Temple. Post and Mont- TSHf**
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS JM|
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. 9-0
Order of the Red Cross. All fraters V*
are cordially invited.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
YERBA RT'ENA Lodge of Perfection **^*
No. I— Stated meeting THIS (FRIDAY) A
EVENING. March 3. at 8 o'clock. *_A
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. «*____»
APOLLO Lodge No. 123, I. O. O
F.— Double Initiation FRIDAY __gf_£g__:
EVENING. March 3, 1899, 8 -^BP^?F
o'clock. All members are ur- "*■•"•*•
gently requested to attend. Visiting brethren
cordially invited. Collation.
J. J. APPLEGATE, N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS, Rec. Sec.
REGULAR meeting of the Cale- A *__"__
donian Club THIS EVENING at *X r_.,CJ_
8 o'clock nt Scottish Hall, 11l Lar- *_*!_J__"
kin st. ANGUS McLEOD, Chief. ***=__»»
ANDREW McNAIR, Secretary.
~~ SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 1 (30 cents
per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the offlce of the
company. 327 Market street, on and after
March 10, 1899.
Transfer books will close on Saturday,
March 4, 1899, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WASTED FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situa-
tion; understands all branches of cooking;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and laundress de-
sires situation; 3 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS French second girl and nurse j
desires situation; best references; city or I
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MOTHER and daughter desire situations as
cook and second girl; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ;
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, good cook
and houseworker, $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
COLORED girl, first-class cook and laundress;
best references. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
YOUNG nurse girl, or would assist housework
$10 to $12; references. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st. •
FIRST-CLASS Swedish second girl; excellent
seamstress. Apply MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
HOTEL or restaurant waitress desires a situa-
tion. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE woman with a child 4 years
old wants housework, kitchen work; boarding
house or private family; help In dining room;
wages $10. Address box 148, Call offlce.
FRENCH laundress wishes position in private
family washing and ironing; upstairs work If
required. Box 1754, Call office.
RESPECTABLE elderly woman wants house-
work or nursing; good reference. 2237 Jack-
son St., near Webster.
WANTED— By a neat -girl, a position to assist
with general h&usework. Call or address
919 Sanchez st., near Twenty-third.
SITUATION wanted to sew In families by
young lady; first-class work guaranteed. 538
Ellis £- •* .
WANTED— Position by young lady as book-
keeper or copyist. Address 122 S. Commerce
st., Stockton.
COMPETENT girl wants light housework in
small family: wages $15 to $18: good refer-
ences; city or country. 1022 Larkin st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman with six-year-
old daughter wants a place as housekeeper.
423 Sixth St., Oakland.
WOMAN wishes to do housework In city or
country; small wages. 131 Third st. ; call for
2 days. .
FRENCH nurse wishes position to care for
children: experienced. Box 336, Call office.
GIRL 16 years old wishes position to care for
children. 12.-.9 Alabama st. . 
POSITION as infant's nurse. C. C, 929 Pine
street.
WAITRESS wishes position; city or country
E. M., 929 Pine st. "'
COMPETENT and experienced stenographer
wishes position. Address L. M., 322 Fulton.
YOUNG lady wishes position as companion to
elderly lady. W. E. P., box 405, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook best of reference, desires a
situation. 316 Sutter st.
EASTERN German girl wants situation as
cook. Call 610 Eddy st.
AMERICAN widow, elderly, de-tres position
as housekeeper: kind to children; good ref-
erence; cooking, cleaning, house washing; la
temperate and healthy; home the chief object.
341 Minna at.
FIRST-CLASS waitress for restaurant wants
place. 415 Jones st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants situation to do
light housework and assist with children:
wages $8. Call at 3677 Twenty-third at., be-
tween Fair Oaks and Dolores sts.
EXPERIENCED German nurse, confinement
and other cases, desires engagement; high-
eat ref. . terms, rea. Address Nurse, 115 Bth st.
THOROUGHLY competent cook desires an en-
gagement; city reference. Address M. C
box 358. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker; $1 50; suits made
in 2 days; dresses made over; good fitter. 2526
Mission st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like position as
housekeeper; references exchanged. Address
L. 11., Station B.
3 SITUATION'S WANTED- tinned.
I | THOROUGHLY competent working housekeep-
-3 er wishes situation. Call 2136 Howard; no
jj postals; best references.
DRESSMAKER goes out, $1 50 day, or work
taken home; references. 505 Jones st.
SITUATIONS ~ WANTED-
A— WESTERN Labor Bureau, 541 Clay st., tel.,
Green 681, furnishes reliable male or female
, help, any nationality, free of charge.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency: all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
• CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce;
best help. 414*. O'Farrell st.; tel. East 436.
WANTED— By an intelligent. middle-aged
American, work - with a private family;
handy and willing; good home; small wages.
A. 8., box 151, Call office.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind in the
morning for 2 or 3 hours per day In city.
Apply to DR. CHAS. FONG, 813*. Sacra-
mento st. ______^^____
HAVING small Income can afford to work
very cheap in small grocery or cigar store or
any light business; very best references. Box
451', Call office.
YOUNG man desires a situation: 5 years' expe-
rience as stenographer, typewriter, clerk and
accountant: best references. Address J. J.
O'L.. box 363, Call office.
WANTED, by an intelligent middle-aged
■ American, work with a private family;
handy and willing; good home; small wages.
! A. 8., box 151. Call.
WANTED— Position of any kind in hotel or
I lodging-house for board and lodging; highest
| references. Address box 451, Call office.
i YOUNG man, all-around butcher, would like
steady Job or drive wagon; no objection to
country. Address box 4.43. Call office.
YOUNG man would like Job as foreman on a
ranch; understands machinery of all kinds;
references If required. Box 1758. Call office.
WATCHMAKER and salesman with Al refer-
ences desires position. Box 676. Petaluma.
BUTLER; a Japanese; thoroughly competent;
first-class references. Butler, box 391, Call.
CHEF cook, with practical knowledge of the
French. German. Polish, Hungarian and
American cooking, sober and Industrious,
wants a situation In a hotel, restaurant, club
or private family; during 10 years he worked
with best culinary artists In Paris. Vienna,
Budapest and Warsaw: for two years as chef
of the late Crown Prince Rudolph of Austria;
3 years as such in the Grand Imperial H">tei.
etc.; a year In this city; best city refer-
ences; speaks English sufficiently to conduct
any kitchen. Address F. L., care A. H.,
cigar store, 716 Kearny st. "
EXPERT agriculturist, vlneyardist and or-
chardlst, with 8 years' experience In Califor-
nia, desires employment; would take charge
of ranch, orchard, vineyard and winery; best
of references. Address box MOO, Call off---.
YOUNG man desires situation; understands
' raising chickens, milking and careful driver;
temperate and Industrious; wages $20 per
month ; references. Box 1801, Call.
SITUATION— gardener and man
about place; take care horse, milk cows;
handy carpenter tools; best references. Box
334, Call office.
BARTENDER, first-class man, wants employ-
ment; city or country; best references. Ad-
dress box 1793, Call office.
COLORED cook wants situation in private
boarding-house; first-class pastry* and meat
cook. Address H. HUGHES. 1006 Clay st.
YOUNG man, experienced city teamster, wants
Job as teamster or around machinery; refer-
ences. Box 147. Call offlce. |
GOOD Japanese cook wishes position; have
good experience. Address G. D., 558 Seventh
st., rear, Oakland. _
JAPANESE wants work around house; office
or day work. Address M.. 463 Jessie st.
BLACKSMITH, in poor health, would like Job
of any kind around shop where work would
not be heavy: home more object than wages.
Address H. WARREN, 10 Anthony st.
MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with tools, wants
light job: wages not so much an object as
good home; best of references. H. WAR-
REN, 10 Anthony st.
YOUNG middle-aged man as bar man; speaks
English and German; country preferred; tha
best of references. Address box 495. Call.
I BAKER foreman, steady and reliable worker,
wants situation; city or country. Address M.
I G.. box 842. Call office, Oakland.
I WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $-
week: convenient and respectable: free bus
and baggage tn and from ferry.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
' LADY'S maid and seamstress; $25 to $30. MISS
CI LI. EN. 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH nurse, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
CHAMBERMAID, $15 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. .
4 HOTEL waitresses, $20 per month each; 3
restaurant waitresses, $6 and $5 per week.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN nursery governess, $30 per month:
Los Angeles. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
6 WAITRESSES, city and country hotels, $20
and $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, $30; 4 second girls, $20 and $25; 6 young
girls, assist housework, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, assist light second work,
$10. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
MAID and seamstress, $25 to $30. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS and chambermaid, $20 per month;
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS. Crockett, $20 per month; San Ma-
teo, $20; Redwood City, $18. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
] PROTESTANT waitress. $20; 2 In family. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
] 3 RESTAURANT waitresses, $5 and $6 per
week. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, help Invalid lady. $10
per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN to wash 2 days per week, $1 50 per ■
day. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, $20; nurse, $25; neat second girl, $15;
second girl. Menlo Park, $20: second girl,
Alameda, $20. MISS CULLEN 325 Sutter st.
NURSERY governess: waitress and parlor
maid, $25; second girl and sewing, $20; nursa
and chamberwork, $20: waitress and seam-
stress. $25: 3 cooks, $25 and $30; laundress
and chambermaid, $25; and girls for cooking
and housework in city and country. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
i SECOND girl, sleep home, $15: girl for house-
work in an American family of 2, $25; 4
restaurant waitresses, $20. $5 and $6 week;
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st.
! COOK, $25; second girl, $25; nurse girl, $15;
chambermaid, $15: house girl, 3 in family, $25;
house girl, Berkeley, $25: Alameda, $20;
boarding house cook, $20; waitress, $15: young
girl to assist, $10 to $15. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
j WAITRESSES WANTED
j 2 waitresses, same country hotel, $20: 5 wait-
I resses, plain places, $15 and $20: chambermaid,
plain hotel, $15; cook for boarding house, $20;
girls for housework. MURRAY" & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
REPERTOIRE chorus people immediately for
grand and comic opera;; must have experi-
ence and read music. . Call bet. 11 and 12 to-
day, 6 Eddy St., rooms 118-119.
COMPETENT sleevemaker and skirt worker.
Apply before HI a. m. at MME. RENFREW-
WOODS', 131 Post st., room 5.
EXPERIENCED operators and finishers on
vests: good wages; steady work. 718 Market
st. S. N. WOOD _ CO.
WANTED— First-class cook, no washing. $30.
Apply at once, MRS. CATTELL'S Employ-
ment Offlce, 525 Eighth st., Oakland.
! OPERATORS on electric sewing macnlnes on
shirts at GREENEBAUM. WEIL & MICH-
ELS. 531 Mission St.
WANTED — Girl; general housework: plain
cooking; small family; wages $12; references.
1216 1 ,. Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG woman to help with cooking in res-
taurant. Call 136 Second st.
WANTED— First-class waist and skirt hand.
Apply 1200 Geary st.
1 YOUNG lady, not over 20, to sell cosmetics In
the country; good salary. Apply between
10 and 12 a. m.. 40 Geary st.
HELP WANTED MaLE. i
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant VU
Head barkeepper, first-class country hotel;,
must be an Al mixer; $75, board, lodging and
washing; permanent place. Apply to-day C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
E. L. ARNOLD wanted. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
LABORERS teamsters
New mountain railroad; two-thirds fare free.
g C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GERMAN vegetable gardener $25 and found;
ranch carpenter, $1 and board a day. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MATTRESS maker and repairer, country hotel.
$25 and found; German nurse. $25 and* found:
bed maker $18 and found. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
GERMAN second cook. $10 a week; second
cook, mine boarding house, $35 to $40. *-.■_!
Head waiter, $65; head waiter. $50. -
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH, good shoer. railroad camp. $3
a day; free fare. C. K. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary stHELP WANTED— Continued.
BLACKSMITH and horseshoer, see boss here.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Ft.
CAKE second baker, city, $25 and found
Coolts Waiters Dishwashers.
. MURRAY & READY, 634-656 Clay st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6SIS
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Want To-day
IS9 woodchappcra, $1 50 and $1 per cord; 153
tiemakers. So, S*c and 12c each; 10 farm, or-
chard and vineyard hand?, 525 and $20; hack .
washer, $S5 and found; bey for factory; 2.
carpenters, ranch and sawmill: English gar-
tlener. MURRAY £ READY. 634-6-8 Clay st.
WANTED— S single hand miners. $2 SO day and
$10 Month and board; cook. Country hotel,
.40 r.n.l found; restaurant cook $9 week;
•waiter. $10 week; and others. Apply to J. F.
SETT St CO . KM Sacramento st.
WANTED cook for big Camp, north, $50;
. butler, $40: second butler. $30: man to milk
cows, make butter, etc.. and wife to cook for
6 men. $35. no objection to one child. AN-
DRE'S, 16 Stockton st.
WANTED A working foreman for ranch; one
•from New York or New England preferred.
... '• Henry Cowell Lime Cement Co., 211 and 213
• . irumm st.
• MECHANICAL engineer and draughtsman.
permanent position to right party. Byron
■ Jackson Machine Works. 625 Sixth st. *■ r -
EXPERIENCED knife cutter on shirt waists;
work evenings 6 to 10. 547 Market st.
•BOY living with parents to learn good busl-
ness. Box 362. Call.
WANTED Man to take orders for printing at
420 Montgomery St., room 33.
• WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
'-*' 150.V. Howard st.
-'•LARGE manufacturer of grocers' specialties,
with an established trade, has territory open
.. for several salesmen; goods to be sold on
. : .'commission; applicants must have references
: .' and be prepared to supply their own travel-
■ ing expenses. Box 333. Call office.
_ WANTED— Specialty salesman with experience ■
for quick-selling line of premium goods; lib-
. : '.eral commission, with advance for expenses,
to right man. Address drawer 675, Chicago.
MAN or lady to travel and appoint agents; es-
tablished firm; $50 per month and expenses
. '- tp start. Manufacturer, box 526. Chicago, 111.
.. WANTED—Solicitor; city trade. London Bromo
Citro Co.. 32S Pine Ft.
' 'TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, soma
•• nearly new. from SOc to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, one-half price. sfi2 Mission I
; : . . St.. bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
•'BARBERS' Progressive Union; free empioy-
• m't. H. Bernard. Sec, IC4 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, Ssc
.to We. 662 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SEAMEN and green hands for steam whalers.
10 Steuart st.. upstairs. :
SALESMEN, city and country: factory to con-
. ' sumer: staple goods. Call 1171 Mission st.
'. HOBSON House, 17 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
';• RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma- j
•. ' • rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
■ unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
■. * years, who are citizens of the United States, !
'or thosa who have legally declared their In-
tention to become *_eh; must be of good char- !
acter and. habits and abie to speak, read and
'■ write English, .and be between 5 feet 5 Inches ,
• : ■ and 6 feel in height. For further information ■
;.'•' apply at The Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St.,
: . San .Francisco, Cal.
-'20- MEN to go on whaling cruise: no experi-
.'""• ence required. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
'.. WAXTED-^2O pick and shovel men at Broad-
... . way and Devisadero. St.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764*. Mission I
; St., men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c per -
y-fi night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week. ,
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of- I
. fice. J. SCHNEIDER, Act. Sec. 325 Grant ay.
: . WANTED— and mechanics to know j
that Ed R -Ikin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large:
■•'■: room! 25c per night; $1 to $-' per week.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade for ■
■■:■ , $3 at' 1542 Market st. ■ . |
'• MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
■ Barber College. 138". Eighth st. *
SINGLE sunny .furnished room, .$2 50 a month.
. •'.- Ltr.-lel! House. Sixth. and Howard sts.
SEATTLE HOUSE, 106. Third— Furnished
. ' rooms '2ac to SOc day: $1 25 to $3 week. j
. ■..____ fine calf" shoes to order, $2 50; men's
"• .;so.leirtg. 15c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
! SINGLE rooms 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1 i
to $2.50 per wk. Elcho House. 863*. Market st. i
"SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at j
."LANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near. Jackson.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
-SINGLE, furnished, fine, large sunny and airy
r™->m, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. _57 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 2 A O rooms. !5c nieht; reading room; free
.'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
-GENTS WANTED.
FEW good men for light selling articule; sal-
ary or commission. 132 Geary st.
CITY and country, to sell Leather Lustre; best
25c- article on earth. BROWN, 332 Bush st.
PL wise and pet in while the proposition is
new and make good money. 183 Seventh st.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PAINTER with some cash: 3 months' orders j
, .on hand. Call at 2137 Dwight way, Berkeley;
telephone Red 1112. ■
HOUSES WASTED.
'7 OR 8 room house or cottage; must be reason-
alrle. Address A. B. C_ 324 Montgomery St.
, rr— _______________*__!
ROOMS WANTED.
' S CONNECTING unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; sink; central. Address box 404, Gall.
YOUNG couple would like 3 unfurnished rooms
In private family. Call 969 Mission St. j
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
= SUNNY furnished or unfurnished rooms, with
board, for gentleman, wife and daughter, be-
.'" fore March 10; private family preferred; state
price. Box £25, Call office^
1 AY MISCELLANEOUS. .
_ECOxr>HAND pianos wanted for cash. Ad-
. dress box 1100, Call office. •" __
CASH for stock Jewelry, small or large; must
h* cheap. Box *'■><>. « 'all office.
,', ■_■•• EDUCATIONAL. ~_ZZ_
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, purveying, math., cyanide method.
• ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
=. ■ BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, Englisn; 24
' "teachers day and evening; catalogue free. |
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
MERRILL-MILLER college shorthand, typing;
; Individual Instruction; new typewriters; book-
'• keeping-, rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rms. 672-6 Parrott bldg.
AYRES' Buslne-s College, 723 Market st. ;
Fhnrthand. typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy.
penmanship. English branches, fete. : life
' scholarship. J' l : low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
, EUfs system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
•.:' evening SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
. LEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm--
" ing, mwh. survey, assay, archit. ; day A ere.;
est. 1*64. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PIANO singing and elocution lessons. Mme.
■Renfro and Miss M. Smitten. 1001 Sutter ft.
. ] CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
-<* and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN s*ou become disgusted with poor work
Bend' to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 253-357 Tehama St.; tel S. 40.
ADVANCE~Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. 'Main 334. GEO- WALCOM. Proprietor.
J MTQUEEvFcallfornia Carpet Cleaning Co..
•453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
• ■CARPETS cleaned" at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J- E MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
: _t.j clear 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126. " ,
___-_
~LOST.
j OBT -Sunday, a pocket-book containing ar-
ticles of value. Return to 2117 Van Ness aye.;
••' reward. .
LOST— Brown pointer; white breast and white .
at end of tail: reward. 492 Hayes st. •
PROPOSALS..
• O-^FlC'e'cTq. M.. Vancouver Barracks, Wash.,
•• Februarys, 1899.— Sealed proposals, in tripli-
cate will be received here until 11 o'clock a. ■
.. m (120 th meridian time), March 7. 1899, for j -
furnishing at Q. M. Depot Portland, Or.. 60 l" .
000 gallons mineral oil, 135 degrees flash test, , -
• • In cases of two five-gallon cans each. U. B. ;
reserves right to reject or accept any or all i
proposals, or any part thereof. Information j ,
furnished on application. Envelopes contain- ,
• Ing proposals should be marked "Proposals
for Mineral Oil," and . addressed J. vV.
JACOBS. C. Q. M. , J
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— sl2oo; ATTENTION, doctors'. A private dis-
pensary and gallery of anatomy with museum
of wax figures; established mar.;.- years; the
best paying in California; diseases of men ex-
clusively; receipts of 1898, $41-1; proprietor to
retlie to private life. Particular- WILKE &
UNFUG. '.'b Market st.
A— sl6o); OLD established corner grocery and
bar: 4 doors off Powell st. ;. clearing $150 per
month; rent $60; return rent .58; a splendid
offer; owner to take charge of his ranch.
' WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— SSSO— CORNER grocery and bar on Market
st.; 4 living rooms; old established and first-
class paying: all cash custom; a splendid
bargain. Particulars WILKE & UNFUG, «>.
Market st.
CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location in Mission, with flat of 4 rooms;
rent $..0: good paying business; partners to
dissolve. Call WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Markt.
A— S4OO— PORK and delicacy store, doing a
splendid business; living rooms; rent $12;
very best location in the Mission. Call
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— slsoo; CORNER grocery and bar on Post st.
established years and doing a good cash store
and bar business; fullest investigation aolic-
ited; owner to engage ln commission busi-
ness, tall on WILKE & UNFUG, »0« Market.
A— s4oo; SALOON; kept by present owner 5
years and doing a good business: best loca-
tion; close to Montgomery and California »U. ;
owner sick: must sacrifice. WILKE & UN-
FUG. 906 Market St. ■
A— s4oo: BARREL route clearing $75 per month;
horse, wagon, furniture: O X investment.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
TO sell your business quick see us.
No charge till sale Is made.
We have several good buyers.
Wanted— Manufacturing business.
Wanted— stable..
Wanted— A small business.
Western Investment Co., 9 Geary St.
$400— SALOON; Si." a day trade.
$400— Partner; mfg. business; $20 a week.
$200— Partner; mechanical business; $15 a week.
$600— Restaurant; $30 a day trade.
$600- Grocery and bar; fair trade.
.WESTERN INVESTMENT CO., 9 Geary st.
$200— PARTNER wanted; suited to plain,
steady man -satisfied with $15 to $25 a week;
no experience required. Western Investment
Co., 9. Geary st.
WE buy, sell, exchange any business for cash;
rare chances; Investigate. 41- Third St., r. 5.
$300— RESTAURANT; established several years;
worth double; a bargain. 41 Third St.. room 5.
PARTNER wanted; office business: small capi-
tal required; investigate. Reliable Exchange,
41 Third st., room 5.
$2000— MARKET st. saloon; vicinity Phelan
building; old established and popular resort;
Al place; look into it. M. LESS. 765 Market.
$450— GROCERY and bar: best part of Minna
St.; 3 good living rooms; rent $20: business
speaks for Itself. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
MILK ranch and business for sale; Includes 1
are of land. 2 houses, barn, 15 cows, whole
milking outfit, horse, wagon and harness; 85
milk customers; nets $90 month; situated in
Berkeley. D. J. TOBIN, real estate and In-
surance agent, 2121 Stanford place, Berkeley.
FOR this week we offer the following list of
fine groceries, no bar: $3000. $2000, $1600. $1100.
$900. $700: with bar: $6500, 84000, $1600, $1500,
$1000, $700, $400; saloons and liquor houses,
' $7500, $5000. $1600. $1500, $1400, $400, $250, etc.
THE GERMAN-AMERICAN. 112 Kearny st.
TO buy. sell or exchange city and country
property see HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market.
WHOLESALE and retail wine and liquor
house; card, billiard rooms; basement; safe
investment. HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market.
A STEADY man wanted with $150 as partner
,to attend cash counter in first-class oyster
and chop house across the bay: experience not
necessary; rare opportunity. Apply to
SCHOTTLER & CO.. 632 Market st.
WE buy. sell or exchange business of any
kjnd. Apply National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
WOOD and coal yard, horse, wagon, good
-stock; pays well. National Agency, 7 Grant.
FOR business chances, rooming-houses, city
and country real estate, bonds, stocks, loans,
• etc., call on CLARK & CO., room 509, Ex-
aminer building.
FIRST-CLASS hotel; fine furniture; good
business: thriving town: owner other busi-
ness: must sell. JONES & CO.. 885 Market.
RESTAURANT; fine business $500
Restaurant', rent boarded out 125
PACIFIC BUSINESS EX., 1055 Market st.
A— buy or sell your business quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO., IPOS*_ Market st.
•PAYING barber shop: country; rent paid for
whole year; investigate. STOLTZ. 630 Market.
COL'NTRY barber shop; mining town;- very
cheap. H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh St.
$150— HALF interest in good-paying business;
. easy work. 1066 Market st.
RELIABLE, profitable business for .small capi-
tal.- Harmonic Life Institute, 236 Powell st.
STORE and leas-; ground rent $5 mo.; near
' sugar refinery at Crockett, Contra Costa Co.
GOOD saloon; well located; $700. 1055 Mar-
ket sL ___^
$4500— FOR cash only; for sale, one of the
best hotels ln the city of Oakland: 60 sunny
front rooms: house full all the time: reason
for selling, sickness of the proprietor; or
would take a good partner with $3000 cash;
persons without money need not apply; no
agents for business. Address C. A. S. H.,
Call office, Oakland.
$800— CORNER grocery and bar In Western
Addition: be._ cash trade. Apply 23 First
St.; no agents.
INVESTORS, and speculators can be materially
assisted by paying a visit to J. S. PURDY'S
brokerage office. 43 Sutter St., opposite Oc-
cidental Hotel; the latest New York and
Chicago markets. ■ ■
FLORIST and nursery stock; greenhouse and
heating apparatus; doing business of $15 to
$25 a day; selling on account of sickness.
Particulars at 500 Halght St.: no agents.
A— s2soo; SHOE store for sale; will Invoice
$4000; doing business from $1500 to- $2000 per
month: in a good location. Address box 331,
Call efflce. I
$275— OLD-ESTABLISHED and well-paying res-
taurant in good location: trial given; a bar-
gain. Address M. C. be*-. 361. Call.
SALOON for sale at your own figure; party
leaving town. 16 Clay st.
GOOD paying saloon for sale; open day and
night. Liquor Store. 798 Mission st.
WANTED— store; must be cheap; cash.
Box *_*», Call, office.
GOOD business man with $2500 can secure an
interest In an established manufacturing busi-
ness; staple goods, having a ready sale;
salaried position; fullest investigation. Box
357, all office.
SALOON, well located, with stock and good
fixtures, for sale cheap on account of illness
Of owner. Apply to CONRAD ALLEN, Red-
. wood City.
WANTED— To sell, half interest in hand laun-
dry; $90 worth of Work per week. Address box
493, Call offlce.
IF you want to buy, sell or exchange prop-
erty or business of any kind see JONES &
LAWN, 719 Market St.. for square dealing.
GROCERY, wood, coal and feed business;
whole or separate: must be sold: cheap.
Northeast corner Dolores and Valley sts.
GOOD paying city weekly for sale cheap; best
of reasons for selling; profitable advertising
patronage. Address box 440, Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. 'CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
$500— RESTAURANT for sale on ! account of
leaving city: a snap. 813 O'Farrell st.
BEER saloon for sale at half price with liv-
ing rooms. Apply 652 Sacramento st.
$450— FOR sale; restaurant: present owner run-
ning over 10 years; a bargain. 108 Seventh st.
PA LoON; good fixtures and stock: good busi-
ness location, 100 Folsom st., corner Spear.
WELL PAYING bakery; store trade only; very
best location; cheap. Apply Call office.
RESTAURANT cheap. Apply Call office.
. _______ ___
HORSES.
MAMMOTH auction sale of 100 head of broken
and unbroken horses, Monday, March 6, at
11 o'clock, at Emporium Salesyards. 220 Va-
lencia st. S. W ATKINS. Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
!__!_.. ±~~~^^'~*~~~*^—^~~ mm ~ m ~-^~ m^^ m ~r m n
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
SEWING MACHINES. '
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; Phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ~~
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce law; private; estates. J.
B. EVANS, 14 McAllister, nr Hibernia Bank.
L S 'LARK— Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; divorce law: costs advanced in
good cases. • ROSS, 1236 Market St., room 127.
ADVICETree; no charge unless successful. W.
.W.DAVIDSON, 927 Market at. ••
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1899.
PERSONALS.
W. W.— COME and see me. ' ■'• .
DR. F. YON BUELOW has removed from 822
Valencia -to 1206 Market st.. rooms 9 and 10.
WRINKLES positively removed "at Harmonic
Life Institute, 236 Powell St.; test free.
LEDERER'S Qulnonia Hair Tonic is driving all
other hair tonics out of the market; 35c bottle.
G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
IF you want. your hair dressed correctly, go to
LEDERER: price. 25c; hair rolls, 35c; good
switches, $1; fine, $2 60. LEDERER'S Foamo
Shampoo, 6c pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
JOHN" L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney-at-Law and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights ln every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200 rooms;
25c to $160 per night; $1 1% to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. .1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
I BATHS. 12 _c; 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
I trance for ladles; lady attendant. 84 Fourth.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $3; bed loung-
i es $4 50: open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
1 A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
HOME ln confinement; diseases . of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
SUITS to order oh easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $5 up; dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, milli-
nery; patterns cut. McDowell Sch.. 103 Post.
SPIRITUALISM. '■'- -/,:■'".
A^MTtsT-VJ. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free, sittings. »1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; tests;
sealed letters read; 10c; sittings daily. 120 6th.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance.
8 p. m., 25c. 409 Leavenworth St..
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. :
Mon.. 8: 25c: sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an offlce at 315 O'Farrell.
i MRS. MENA FRANCES. Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; -full life read-
ing: ladles, 50e; gents, $1; sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st. clairvoyant
. and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
! GYPSY' life reader; tells nothing but truths:
j all questions answered; 25c, 50c. 928 Mission.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 1039 Mission
st., downstairs; Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
! MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader:
[ past, present and future; 25c. l*_Vs 6th. r. 21.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; 10c; ladies only.
543 Natoma st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
21, Kearny st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 26c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
PREDICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
j PROF. MONROE. 777 Market St.: future
events. 50c: advice, all questions: satisfaction.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEEROAARD, pupil Count St. Ger-
malne, 8-88 Twenty first St., above Valencia:
tel. White 1571: reading by mall, til
SUPERFLUOUS _JLUR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush St.; 15
years' experience; references given.
LODGING HOUSES TOR sale.
IJ-tOOM HOUSE 1 --
_ $250 CASH; BAL. $10 PER MONTH.
6-room flat: down town $300
-10-ROOM HOUSE; NEW FURNITURE. •
60-roum corner house; clears $350 $2,000
28-room house: clears $160 650
4': rooms, corner; clears $250 1,500
10 rooms; near City Hall: very g00d...: 450
15 rooms; fine sunny corner; clears $100.. 500
12 rooms on Market: cxc. .for large house. 600
28 rooms; best or. Irt city: owner sick.. 2,200
IS rooms; rent $50 (transient): half cash _ 1.050
For a HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE
call on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
ROOM house; clears $100 per month; owner
sick; price $350. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
60-ROOM cor. house to exchange for Oakland or
Alameda property. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO. 22*. Geary
Money advanced on all houses. ■.
$4000—105 rooms: European hotel; rent $200;
elegant modern house; clears $3000 yearly.
$1400—35 rooms: all new: cheap rent; best
transient ln city; worth $2000.
$800—11 rooms; O'Farrell; new.
$425—10 rooms; Post; cheap at $600.
$325—9 rooms; Leavenworth: nothing better.
Many others. Call and get list. KREDO.
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
22 rooms; Golden Gate aye.; snap... $675
40 rooms: rent $105; part cash. '. 2100
60 rooms; rent- only $50; bargain 850
8 ROOMS and bath: newly furnished; very de-
sirable location; selling very cheap on account
of sickness. Apply LESS, 765 Market st.
$1100— 3 STORIES and basement: fre escape; 38
rooms; French range and utensils; investi-
gate. HARTLEY & CO., 1206 Market st.
$325— LODGING house; 17 rooms; sold at sac-
rifice MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$350— SNAP; 35-room house;«_entral: all rented;
rent $60 month. BASILE, 873*. Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES from $135 up to $2000. PA-
CIFIC BUSINESS EXCHANGE. 1055 Market.
SPLENDID bargain; 9 furnished rooms, all
occupied; must sell; going East. 259 Steven-
son st.
NOTICE— 2OO lodging-houses for sale cheap;
part cash. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
RESTAURANT and lodging-house for sale in
country. Apply at Call offlce.
CORNER: very good location: with 30 rooms; 1
floor well furnished. Box 399, Call offlce.
SIXTH, 420— Good-paying lodging house; 28
rooms. Apply after 6 p. m.
FOR sale on account of sickness — Furnished
• house; 17 rooms; full. 689 and 691 Geary st.
$450—12 ROOMS; sunny corner; low rent; clears
$40 monthly.. 1129 Howard st. ■:'...•-■:
________
_ DE T. TI STS.'
HIGGINS' Dental r-trTorsT^ ~~~~
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and arching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling, from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, SOc; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
. tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st". ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years. ;
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth. $5; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 8 Mason St., corner of Market.
VAN VROOM ' Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. . Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. '
LOWEST prices In S. F. i painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentists.- 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4: filling, gold. 60c; sliver. 25c: crowns. $3.
_____ WRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
. . prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25 : Caligraph, $15; Yost, $25;
get sample work. SCOTT, 233 Montgomery st.
PHYSICIANS.
MRS. DRS. DONOVAN, 621 Hayes St.; all
• kinds of womb trouble a specialty; diseases
of the e*' e treated by herbs.
REMOVAL notice— Dr. C. C. - o'_sonnell. • offlcs
and residence. 1021*. Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
HOUSES TO LET.
A FINE 12-room and bath residence; reduced
from $100 to $75: 1914 Clay St. A. M. SPECK
& CO., 667 Market St.. opp. Kearny.
AN offer wanted for lovely 9-room house. 1304
Post st., near Franklin. -
HOUSE, 117 Cedar aye., north of Geary, bet.
Polk and Van Ness: 7 rms.. bath; rent $20.
I HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
; WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
I NICE dwelling; 672 Bryant St., near Fifth: X
nice rooms; hallway; separate yard; rent $9.
COTTAGES TO LET.
i GROVE. 1617*., nr. Cottage of 3 large
sunny rooms In rear: rent $7; G. G. Park.
FLATS TO LET.
STEINER, bet. Geary and O'Farrell— Elegant
new sunny flats; open to-day; 9-room, $47 50;
i 7-room, $37 50; also on same lot, facing Elliott
Park, 5-room, $22 50; 4-room, $18; have porce-
lain tubs, basements and all modern Improve-
ments; water, scavenger and Janitor service
Included. .. •
CLAY, 1415 A, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde—
First-class sunny flat, 8 rooms and bath; ex-
tra room in basement; rent reduced very low.
FLAT of 5 sunny rooms: cheap rent. Corner
Bryant st. and Morris aye.
FLATS to let for the New Year by BALDWIN
& HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
GO see those modern sunny flats of « and 7
rooms and bath ln the elegant new building
corner of Valencia and Nineteenth sts. Ap-
ply to L. A. SOUC & CO., 465 Valencia st,
near Sixteenth.
HARRISON, 2905— 5 rooms and bath; op-
posite Garfield Square.
HAVES, 889, near Fillmore— Nice upper flat, 6
rooms and bath; good order; rent $17.
LIBERTY. 221. near Dolores— Flat. 5 large
rooms; bath; gas; tubs; rent only $15.
NINTH. 237— Modern bay-window flat 4 rooms
and bath, $15. ■
VERY pleasant sunny flat; low rent. 831 Guer-
rero St.. near Twenty-first. ■ ' :
WALLER. 812—4 rooms and bath, basement and
yard. Inquire at 310*_. :
$12— HANDSOME sunny 4-room upper modern
flat. 2643 Harrison St.. near Twenty-third.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. j
EDDY, 743—2, 3 or 4 .furnished sunny rooms; ;
also single room; use of piano. . ;
FIRST. 28—3 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping, $12 mo. ; also 2 unfurnished. $6 mo.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3 rooms,
$12; 2, $12: single. $4 up.
FOURTH, 225— Rooms suitable for light house-
keeping; also single. • ■
FOLSOM, 646— Furnished and unfurnished, unfurnished
rooms, with yard; suitable for housekeeping.
.FOLSOM, 810— Front room and kitchen; fur-
nished; no children.
FOLSOM, 863 — 2 large sunny housekeeping
rooms, with yard; furnished complete.
GROVE, 131—1 furnished sunny room, for light
housekeeping lf desired.
GUERRERO. 1147. near Twenty- fourth—
rooms furnished for housekeeping; reasonable.
HOWARD. 761*^— Nicely furnished bay-window
suite, with kitchen; man and wife; reasnble.
LAGUNA. 608, cor. Hayes— Connecting sunny
rooms furnished for housekeeping, closet; $15.
LARKIN, So4— Large sunny front furnished, $8;
2 sunny rooms, furnished, light housekeep-
Ing, $12. ( ,
LIBERTY, Warm belt of Mission; sunny
suite: piano; use of kitchen; reasonable; Va-
lencia st. cars. .•;■■ .:■
MCALLISTER. Furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
MISSION. 112S*_-^Large front room, nicely fur-
\ nished; good cookstove; cheap.
MINNA, 371. near Fifth— Furnished large sunny
chamber; stove, closets; private family.
NATOMA, 739, near Ninth— Single or house-
keeping rooms; sunny. .
NINTH, Front window suite, $12; 2 ,
connecting. $10; 1 front, $8; single; stove;
water; gas. . i
OCTAVIA, Single front room, $4; larger
room, $54 light housekeeping If desired.
NOE, 151, N. of Market— 2 sunny bay-window
rooms; modern; gas range; grate; bath; $12.
SECOND. 223—2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$7 60; also furnished bedroom. $5.
SIXTH. 216*4— furnished housekeeping
rooms; light housekeeping & sing.; rent reaa. :
THIRD. 340—2 rooms; complete 'for housekeep- j
ing; $1 75 per week. ' -
THIRTEENTH. 405. corner of Valencia— Newly
furnished room, folding bed, with kitchen and
bath. $12. ■
TURK, 643— Fine large front room, furnished
complete for housekeeping, gas, bath, $10.
TWELFTH, 40— Nicely furnished front room
and kitchen. $10; also single. . ■
VAN NESS aye.. 401B— Modern nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; sun all day.
VAN NESS, «''"> -3 partly- furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; rent $18 per month.
VAN NESS aye., 706—3 front eunny rooms; and
3 hack, with yard. $16.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny at.— Pleasant
sunny rooms: en suite or single;- first-class
In every respect : terms reasonable.
AT 14 A Geary— Double bed. hair mattress; run-
ning water; $1 50 a -week.
AT 62 Second— Double rooms, per wk., $1 50 to
$3; single, $1 to $1 50; night. 25c to 50c.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms: suites,
single: facing plaza;, day or month. '
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Nicely
furnished rooms, suites and' single; also un-
furnished.
EDDY, 603— Large unfurnished room; water;
sun all day; reasonable.
ELLIS, 611—2 nicely furnished sunny rooms;
reasonable; gentleman preferred. _____
GEARY, 36*., The Clyde— Changed hands; front
rooms, $2 to $6 per week; SOc to $1 60 per defy.
GEARY, 656— Elegant sunny rooms suitable for
housekeeping; also other rooms; bath.
GEARY, 622— Large bay-window front sunny
room; modern conveniences; also one small.
GOLDEN GATE, 1050— One large sunn-/, well-
furnished, room; free telephone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single: elevator; mederate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $150 to $6 per week. ■--■.'•.
HARRIET. 15, off Howard, near Sixth— Fur-
nished bedroom: rent $4.
HARRISON. 784*., near Fourth— Finely, fur-
. nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 a week. ■..,.-• ,
HOWARD. 829— Rooms $1 up; also housekeep-
ing and transient^
HOWARD, Finely furnished sunny front
double parlors; bath; use of kitchen If de-
sired ; terms , reasonable. . '. 
JONES, Elegant new furnished rooms;
board optional; rent reasonable. ■
LARKIN, 247, corner McAllister— Furnished
rooms and also - unfurnished, suitable for
offices. " ■ - '
LEAVENWORTH. 411— Parlor floor of 3 rooms
for doctor or man and wife.
MARKET. 1122— Suite of sunny rooms; large
. bay-window, facing Market: also single.
MINNA, 857*., bet. Fourth and Fifth—
sunny room, $6. . .
MISSION, 1125*.— Large front room, nicely fur-
nished: good cookstov^; cheap...
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
• vator; el actric lights; day.- week or month.
O'FARRELL. Nice sunny suite; also sin-
gle; transient solicited,
O'FARRELL, 419, above Taylor (end of court)—
Furnished room in private family, $10.
PINE, 514 A, near Kearny— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; $5 up.
SACRAMENTO, 1012, near Powell-
sunny front room; alcove; bath, gas, hot and
cold water;. double bed; $10; private family.
SEVENTH, 178— Single and double front rooms,
$1 per week and up; large. closet.
SEVENTH, 192 (Girard House)— Sunny rooms;
reasonable; also housekeeping.
SEVENTH, ' 229— Sunny front furnished room*;
cozy and comfortable; $4 50. -
SHERMAN Apartment House, .8 Eighth st,
near Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON. 409. and 22 Mint aye.— Sunny
furnished front rooms, with grate, and others;
$1 up. .-
THIRTEENTH. 418 -, above Valencia— Sunny
furnished room: rent $5, and one large.
TURK, Bright parlor for dressmaking or
office; light housekeeping; gas; new furniture.
TURK. 813— Front and back rooms, newly (fur-
nished; bath and sun; $7 to $11. - .
TWELFTH, 221 A —Large neat furnished bed-
room, $6; also 1 small, .5. -  ■. .- -
VAN NESS. Sunny corner room; hot and
cold water, bath, etc.; physician's family.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 ' pages, sent ; to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
S_OTl3ir-__-moun^^ new
furniture; 'first-class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; bot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 month up.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; cx-
i cellent board: reasonable; table board.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Sunny furnished room.
with or without board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
COMFORTABLE, pleasant home for Infant or
children; kindest care: healthy location: ref-
erences exchanged. MRS. J. BALDWIN,
Glen Ellen. Cal.
ONE or two children to board in German fam-
• ily; nice sunny yard. 439 Minna st.
STORES TO LET.
SEE those stores In the elegant new building
corner Valencia and Nineteenth sts. Apply
to L. A. SOUC & CO., 465 Valencia St.. near
Sixteenth.
LARGE well lighted basement underneath the
German Methodist Church; suitable for a
kindergarten school or storeroom. Apply BCSB
Folsom st. _"_ '
HALF of store, with large front window; best
location in city. 237 Kearny st.
STORE and 4 rooms; water free. Apply en
premises, 40 Moss st. ___________
OFFICES TO LET.
KEARNY, 410— Newly renovated offices; en
suite or single: front or rear: low rent.
MEDICAL. 1
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere: they will find m
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
absolutely confidential; satisfaction guaran-
teed, without injury to health, or money re-
funded by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St..
bet. Hyde and Larkin; offlce hours, 10 to 12,
2 to 4 and 7 to 8; phone East 995; Sundays by
appointment only. .
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
- cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; positively no Instruments used;
self cure, $5; regulator, $1: home in confine-
ment; skillful medical attention; all can save
time and expense by consulting the doctor,
free, before going elsewhere: hours, 10 to s and
7 to 8. MRS. DR. WYETH. removed from
Turk to 916 Post st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids. men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills, fl; very strong, $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or Instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure. $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladles' physicians for 37 years: see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS., 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that -restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5: travelers helped In-
stantly: home for patients separate from of-
flce; consultation free and strictly confiden-
tial; hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL, 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023% Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics:
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions:
ladles, near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well-known; reliable, safe and sure; cure In
24 hours .guaranteed: any time: maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills. $1; cure
- $5. 1.162 Market St., bet. 7th-Bth, tel. Mint 1833.
ALL married ladles know -'Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
• st. ;-$l 50." Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X St., Sacramento,' Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
.moderate; Infants adopted into pood homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
. female troubles; no danger: sare cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal,
LADIES— Cure guaranteed for monthly trou-
bles; $5 up. DR. and MRS. WISE. 1118 Mkt.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladles cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue aye.. Los Ang.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In goo,] second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some goo,! pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY' & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. y
A FEW gilt edge bargains— walnut
case, upright, bargain: Knabe, good as new,
upright, rosewood; Chlckering. used three
months, upright, mahogany; guaranteed five
years: easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON. 16 O'Farrell st. -
ABSOLUTE bargains In pianos, this week only;
Chlckering, $75; Steinway, $127; Emerson
fl38; Kelso, $145; Spencer, $175; Colby, $185;
Conover. $225; Steinway, $250. SPENCER'S
Piano Warerooms, 1.8 Market st.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
■ day: please examine. 216 McAllister st.
THE best- bargain in the city can be found
at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st. Call and see
. the stock In their elegant new rooms.
Good Fischer upright sacrificed by lady
obliged to sell at once. Rm 21, Flood bldg.
FINE Steinway. Chlckering, both uprights, at
a sacrifice. KEEFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
NEW pianos rented. $3 mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano
Co. Self-playing piano (30 tunes). 560 Hayes.
A UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installment-, $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento at., agent for
Fri.rt Bacon and Haliett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 308 Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauay. 303 Post st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 60, with No.
7 range., King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
CARPENTER shop and fixtures for sale cheap;
business fair; with room back for light
housekeeping. 2123". Mission st., near 17th.
Mercy Mineral Water Co.. Oakland, Cal. ; natural
cure for female complaints, stomach, kidney,
liver, bowel disorders rheumatism ;sampl: write.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases,, counters,
' linoleum, offlce furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. . NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth. ' .
3 HORSEPOWER gasoline engine, almost new.
in good condition; also an 8000-pouhd scale.
646 Mission st. ' ■
BREECH-LOADING shotgun for 15. cost orig-
inally $32. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
FINE canary birds, males and females, cheap,
at 2168 Sixteenth st.
SMALL engine and dynamo, lighting purposes;
40-llght capacity. White, 514-516-518 Mission.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower. $100; 2, $125;
-3, $150; 4, $175. SMITH CO.. 627 Mission St.
FOR. sale cheap, ! photographing outfit; tent lOx
17: ferrotype camera. 2025 Lombard st.
CHEAP small screw-cutting lathe: 1 portable
blacksmith forge; 1 sqr. shears. 648 Mission.
LEATHER belting, lace leather, pump cups,
etc. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission St.; tel. Br. 331.
POLYPHONE, $r„-; attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
__ __________
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main 571 i.
.PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing, advances, etc. 735 Market; tel.. Black 31L
'__■__£. „■*(_*-*__•___,'...'''
CITY' REAL ESTATE.
BEWARE.
CURBSTONE brokers and land sharks are sell-
ing lots near the Ocean boulevard and park
at $400 which ln rainy weather are sub-
merged, forming a lake, as the situation Is
low ground: parties desiring lots In , that
vicinity that are high and dry. with a fine
view of the ocean and boulevard,* can- have
their choice at $300 on very easy payments by
calling on JACOB HYMAN & SON. 19 Mont-
gomery st. N.-B.— Cars and houses built on
lots to suit. . •
- MISSION COTTAGES —
Four, 6, 6 and 8-room houses on the sunn-
side of Twentieth St., between Castro and
Noe: $2200 to $3200; small cash payment: bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
'COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. -^
MARIN Co.. 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $80 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. rm. 27. Sth floor Mills bldg.. S. F.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long, as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity • see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69, Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos ln S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1028 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to .ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846" Market St.: tel. Main 1644.
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. 1003_ Broadway.
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
BORROW money on Indorsed payer or your
salary : small loans a specialty; any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO., cor. 3d & Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates; circu-
lar mailed to any address. R. GOULD, 131
Montgomery St., S. F.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason St.
ON pianos, furniture: Oakland: Alameda;
Berkeley. EDSCN. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK, 118 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery sstt t
FINANCIAL.
NOTES discounted: mortgages: advances •on
warehouse receipts. SALOMON, 328 Montgy.
MONET to loan— estate, 2d mortg., chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Kreiger. 312 Examiner big.
MINING.
DRTWASHERS for dry placer mining; $35 for
5-ton machine: any size made. GEORGE M.
SALSBURY, 521 X St., Sunset District.
OAKLAND • ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2000— WONDERFUL bargain; 8-room house;
lot 102x126: near Telegraph aye.; one of the
greatest bargains in Oakland: I am author-
ized to sell Immediately: forced sale. E. E.
BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
80 MINUTES from San Francisco: 3 minutes
from station; in attractive neighborhood:
new residence, 7 rooms; strictly modern: thor-
oughly constructed and finely finished; lot 42x
125; small payment and monthly Installments
can be arranged. HERON & HOLCOMB,
1050 Broadway. -
. , . m —————9
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. Pee htm.
ALAME-T ADVERTISEMENTS.'
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x150;
fine artesian well, windmill, etc.: easy terms.
$3100— Elegant new home, 8 rooms: lot 4.x 138;
Santa Clara aye.: terms $400 cash, $25 per mo.
$2600— New Colonial cottage, 6 rooms; Jot 42x
207; half block from station and high school;
terms $400 cash. $25 per month.
$3500— house of 8 rooms: lot 40x150: fine
location: San Antonio aye.: Chestnut Station;
terms $500 cash. $25 per month.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
REAL estate auction sale of the five-room
house and lot of WILLIAM FORSYTH. 3225
Encinal aye., near High St., Alameda; fine
location: sale Saturday, March 4. 1899, at 4
p. m.. on the premises: must be sold: terms
to suit. J. A. MONROE & CO.. Auctioneers.
MASRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
James Mahoney and Florence Williamson. 2l-22
W. C. Brodenßteln and Olive --.Marcher. .22-19 j
George W. Williams and Fanny V. Hug.. 43-47
Salem Shehadey and Sadie Nakaad 27-22
Hermann P. Harms and Rosine A..NU1 — 32-27
David W. Whiting and Delia Perata 27-22
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices ajjd be
Indorsed with the name and resldenee of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CODE— In this city, February 27, 1899, to the
wife of William E. Code, a son.
THOMAS— In this city. February 27. 1898. to the
wife cf George H. Thomas, a daughter.
"Tabbied.
GRUTZMACHER— WILL— In this city Febru-
ary 25. 1899, b-- the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Wil-
liam Grutzmacher and Emma Will.
LUTTRINGER— PARKER— In this city, March
1. 1899, by the Rev. William C. Pond. Charles
Luttrlnger and Isabelle Parker, both of San
Francisco. . t . .
McLATCHIE— UTSCHEG— In this city, March
1, 1899, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Joseph Mc-
Latchle and Sophie Utscheg.
STELTZNER— MUENTER— In Alameda. • March
1,-18.9, by the Rev. H. E. J. Ongerth, Dr.
Emil Steltzner to Antoinette Muenter, both
of Alameda. '--.
DIED.
Armstrong. Martha McDowell, Thomas
August. Anna McPeake. ■ Catherine
Bacigalupi, Giuseppe Matzen, Ernst H.
Beach. Elizabeth J. Munday, Mrs. B.
Brady, Margaret O'Brien. Thomas
Cosgrove, Ethel O'Meara, Michael
Duer, Meinert N. Powell. Humphrey
Durnan. Mary G. Rasmussen Henrietta
Eggertsen, Jacob Rittore. ' Henry A.
Eldridge, Sylvester Schultz. Philip
Hubbert. Catherine Smith. Leo
Hutchison. William. Souchon, Eugene
Johnson*" John' . ■ • Stanley.' Julfa
Johnson, Josiah G. Starr. Charles L.
Kawamura, T. Taylor,' Alfred
Klrehhoff. Tneodor. ' Wallace, ■ Flora L.
Little. Samuel Wilson, ." John
McDonald, - James . Wilson, .-Mary L.
ARMSTRONG— this city, March 1, 1899, Mrs. '.
Martha A. Armstrong, a ■_■ native of New
Brunswick, aged 50 years. ..'-,-__
B_?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock.? from the parlors
of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street. Inter-
ment Cypress ■ Lawn Cemetery . •
AUGUST— In . this city. March L 1899, Anna,
dearly belcved . wife -of -(Albert August, and
mother of Annie August, a native of Ger-
many, aged 38 years' 3 months and 11 days.
IT?* Friends acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the - parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BACIGALUPI— In Stockton. CaL, February 28,
1899 Giuseppe, beloved husband of Feresa
Bacigalupi, • and father of Luigl, Giovanni,
Federico, Emilio, Vlrgllio and Carlo Baci-
galupi and Silvio and Mrs. Rosa Belli and
Mrs. Kety Pltto, a native of Corina, Italy,
aged 55 years. - /
lC_"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow -,
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. ti36A Bay street, between Jones and
Leavenworth, thence to Sts. Peter and Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment New
Italian Cemetery. . * ....'
BEACH— In this city. March 2, 1899. at the resi-
dence of John L' Sabin. 2828 California street,
Elizabeth J. Beach of Evanston. 111., wife of
the late Frank Beach, formerly general man-
ager of the Central Union Telephone Com-
pany of Chicago. \- •■'
.BRADY— In this city, March 1 1899, Margaret,
beloved wife of the late James Brady, and
mother of John and the ' late Maggie and
James Brady, a native of ireland, aged .o
years. ,
o*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Joseph's Church for services. ; Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COSGROVE— In this city. March 2. IMS, Ethel,
dearly beloved and only child of Edward and
Kate Cosgrove. and granddaughter of Mrs.
Annie Murphy, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 months and 26 days.
tr-_*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 "o'clock. ■ from ■ the resi-
dence of the parents. 32 Natoma street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery-
DUE*— this city. March 1. 1899. Meinert N.,
- dearly beloved husband of, Met* M. Duer,
fathtr of Cecelia and Anita Duer. and brother
of Christian Duer. a native of Schleswig,
Germany, aged 39 years 5 months and 4 days.
DURNAN— In this city, March 2, 1899, Mary
Genevieve, ! beloved daughter of Henry and
Mary Durnan. a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 years 2 months and 11 days.
EGGERTSEN —In this city. March 1. 1899,
Jacob Eggertsen, a native of Denmark, aged
43 years. A member of Presidio Lodge No.
5..4. I. O. O. F. ; Danish Brotherhood No. 49.
and Golden Gate Camp No. 64, Woodmen of
the World.
C_rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
March 5. at 1:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Petersen & Co., 228 McAllister street,
thence to Stelmke Hall. Octavia street, near
Union, where funeral services will be held
under the ausrlces of Presidio Lodge No.
334, I. O. O. F., commencing at 2 clock,
interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ELDRIDGE— In Oakland, March 1. 1899, at his
residence 304 Fourteenth street, Sylvester
Allen Eldridge, a native of Harwick. Mass.,
aged 66 years. ( Boston, Mass., papers please
C °t_rThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, front the First Uni-
tarian Church, corner Geary and FranKiin
streets, San Francisco. Interment private.
HUBBERT— In the City and County Hospital,
March 1. 1599. Catherine Hubbert, a native of
California, aged 29 years.
HUTCHISON— In this city, March 2, 1899 Wil-
liam beloved husband of Roseana Hutchison.
a native of County Derry, Ireland, aged 66
years and 15 days.
JOHNSON— In this city, March 2. 1899, John
beloved husband of Margaret Johnson, ana
loving father of Mamie A. and John T. John-
son, a native of Sweden, aged 57 years N . ,
(__* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 215 Day street, between Sanchez and
Church. Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth, thence
to St. Paul's Church. Where a requiem high
■ mass will be celebrated for the repose of bis
soul at 9:45 o'clock. ' Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery- -.j
JOHNSON— In this city, February 28, 1899.
Josiah G., beloved husband of Lenora F.
Johnson, father of Charles H. and George A-
Johnson and Mrs. Isidor Selig, and brother
of Mrs. S. Strong, a native of BrookfWd,
N. 11.. aged 68 years 3 months and 19 days.
(Blue Earth. Minn., and Dover, N. H., papers
please copy.) _.
E_rFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 34 Oak Grove avenue. Interment- I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
KAWAMURA-In the City and County Hospi-
tal. March 2. 1899, Tokunoske Kawamura,. a
native of Japan, aged 27 years.
KIRCHHOFF— In this city, March 2. 1899,
Theodor Klrehhoff, a native of etersen,
Schleswig, Holstein, Germany, aged .1 years.
"■"-"■ Notice of funeral hereafter.
LITTLE— In Paraiso Springs, March 2, 1899,
Samuel Little, brother of Mrs. T. D. Gra-
ham and W. H. and Adella E. Little, a na-
tive of New Albany, Ind., aged 49 years 7
months and 20 days. - - -
IT** Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
Mr. T. D. Graham, 2127 Bush street. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
McDONALD-In this city, March 1. 1899, James
McDonald, dearly beloved father of Eliza-
beth. W J. and George McDonald of Boca. .
Cal and J. J. McDonald of San Francisco.
a native of . Ireland, .aged 56 years.
ir-"*The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday). at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Ignatius Church. Hayes street
where a solemn -requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul com-
mencing at 9:45- o'clock. Interment private
Holy cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets.
MCDOWELL— Jn this city, March 1. 1899.
Thomas W., dearly beloved husband of Mar-
garet McDowell, and father of Fred Mo-
Dowell, a native of Scotland, aged 50 years 7
months and 21 days. take place ' this <_ay
(r-TThe. funeral will take place this day
(Friday). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J p Godeau. 305 Montgomery' avenue. Inter-
ment private, Laurel Hill Cemetery-
McPEAKE-ln this city. March 2, If, Cath-
erine McPeake. beloved mother of John Mc-
Peake and the late Mrs. Mary O Nelll, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 87 years. _.*'-_
MATZEN— In this city, March 2, 1899. Ernst
H dearly beloved son of Catherine Matzen
arid nephew of Captain M .SUM. a native of
Helllgenhafen. Holstein, Germany, aged 33
years and 6 months. A member of San Fran-
cisco Lodge No. 1, O. d. H. S. ■
•^Notice of funeral hereafter. Remain,
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mis-
sion street, near Eighth.
M'NDAY— In Oakland March 1. 1899, Mrs.
Bridget Munday, mother of John, Mary ana
Maggie Munday, a native of County Ar-
magh. Ireland, aged 65 years. (Washington.
D. C... and Alexandria, Va.. papers please
C °rCTFriends and acquaintances are, respect-
rr-*Friend<' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock from her lata
residence. 910 Third street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery.
O'BRIEN- In this city, March 1. 1899. Thomas,
beloved son of John and Mary O Brlen, and
brother of David. Edward, Nellie and Anna
O'Brien, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years and 9 months.
CFTha funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 78 Clipper street. Interment
Mount Calvary, Cemetery.
O'MEARA— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late Michael O'Meara to-morrow (Sat-
urday), at 8 o'clock, at St. Patrick's Church
Friends and acquaintances -are respectfully
Invited to attend.
POWELL-In this city. March 1. 1899 Humph-
rey Brooke Powell, beloved husband of Ora
Powell and father of Cordelia and "Virginia
Powell! a native of Virginia, aged 43 years.
frr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral t?--n or ™>T-"
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence; 1420 Grove street, between Broderick
and Baker.. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
RASMUSSEN-In this city. February 28, 1899.
Henrietta May. beloved wife of H. C. Ras-
mussen. and mother of Frank R.. Ethel E..
George W.. Myrtle and Harry Rasmussen. a
native of San Francisco, aged 39 years and
6 c_. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at in o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 1844 Union street, between Octavia and
Laguna. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
RITTORE-In this city. March LIS*, Henry
Ant dearly beloved son of Edward and
Amelia ? R ttore brother of Edna Rittore.
grandchild of Marianna Rittore and nephew
of Henry Rittore and Elsie and Albert San-
duccl? a native of San Francisco, aged 4
.-am 4 months and 8 days.
y rr-?-VlTnd3 and acquaintances are respect-
- fun. notified that tie funeral takes place
tomorrow (Saturday) at
residence of his parents, 9.4 Filbert «*-*<*.
between Taylor and Jones. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. -,,„
BOT-LTMn this city. March 2. 1899. • Philip,
S Gloved husband of Catherine Schultz. and
rather of Carrie, Mabel. * Madd and Edna
Schultz and Mrs. Remington, a native of
Germany, aged 61 years.
SMITH-In this city, March 2, 1599. Leo. dearly
beloved and youngest son of Lawrence J.
and Mollie Smith, a native of San Francisco,
aged 7 months and 11 days. . __.. ... .
SOUCHON-In the City and County Hospital.
March 1. 1899. Eugene Souchon.. a native, of
France aged 36 years.
STANLEY-In Mayfield, March 1, 1899. Julia,
beloved wife of Miles O. Stanley, mother of
Annie Julia and Osborn Stanley and beloVed
si. tor of Lou, Lizzie and Joseph Sullivan, a
native of San Francisco, aged 37 years. - -
RTARR-Tn this city, March 1. 1899, Charles
S Leon Starr, a native of Indiana aged 26
years. A member of Court Richmond. F.
° n_-_r The remains can be viewed at the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company
till S o'clock Saturday. ■ when they will ,be
sent East for Interment. ______
TAYLOR— In the City and County Hospital.
March 2, 1599. Alfred Taylor, a native of Eng-
land, aged 49 years.
WALLACE— In this etly. March 2, 1899. Flora
Leona dearly beloved daughter of John and
the late Flora Wallace, and sister of Neil and
the late Edna Wallace, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 years 10 months and 11 days. .
IC". The funeral will take place to-morrow
< Saturday) at 2 o'clock, from the ". residence
of her aunt, Mrs. William Reitertnan. 7
Hickory avenue. . off Van Ness, between Fell
and Oak streets.
WILSON— In the City and County Hospital.
March 2, 18*9, John Wilson, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 47 years.
WILSON— In this city, March 1, 1899. Mary
Louisa, dearly beloved and only daughter, of
Robert and Maggie Wilson, a native of San
Francisco, aged l.year 4 months and 11 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from' the parents
residence. 721 Tehama street. Interment
_ Holy Cross Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERa
10 Fifth et., opposite " Lincoln SchooL
Telephone South 80. '
__^ M __M_______Q__- »l-i—H ■■!■.-■* — — — 1
* yv.c-.Y.o'V _fc „co., t _- 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBaL_IER_ I
1225 Market st, between. Sth and **_. a
; Telephone. South 247. * j
1112
CHINESE FISHERMEN
CAUGHT RED HANDED
Crew of a "Junk" Placed Under Arrest
by Constable Creed of Sausalito for
Using Prohibited Nets.
Celestials Bewail Their Fate and Protest That
They Have Been Paying $10 a Month Per
Boat for Protection.
A Chinese fishing junk was towed Into
Bausalito harbor last night with a strange
crew at helm and sheet. Instead of the
usual Celestial* navigator in charge. Con
stable Creed of Marin County did the
steering. The Chinese crew were prison
ers, and they were content to remain in
the' hold, cuddled up among the shrimps
and small fish which proved their undo
ing.
The crew, which consisted of six able-
CAPTURE OF THE CHINESE FISHING BOAT OFF McNEARS LANDING.
bodied yellow seamen, were caught in
open and active violation of the fishery
laws of this State by Constable Creed,
who will swear to a complaint against
each of them this morning before the Jus
tice of the Peace at Sausalito. The
Chinese were lodged in the Sausalito jail
last night.
Creed's charges against the Mongols are
that they used the ordinary bag net—
REPAID HIS
HOSPITALITY
WITH THEFT
Two Women Rob
"Pop" Sullivan.
* -.■:*■■_■..'--■
APPROPRIATED HIS TOPCOAT
ABB LODGED IN THE "TANKS"
AND ARE PENITENT.
Tearfully Assert They Took the Gar
• ment in Jest, but Its Owner
•Is Still Wrath
ful.
Grace- Burt and May I-eelle, two young
•women whose fondness for the bright side
of life ls well known, are languishing in
the "tanks" of the City Prison with a
charge of. petty larceny hanging over
their pretty heads. They owe their In
carceration to the ungallantry of "Pop
Sullivan, proprietor of the Hoffman cafe,
•who temporarily lost an overcoat through
their alleged theft.
A few nights ago Mr. Sullivan enter
tained the ladies named with. bumpers of
•wine In a back room of his establishment.
Sad to relate, his guests became Ine
briated, and when he was called to the
telephone by one of his employes they re
paid his hospitality by leaving with his
handsome topcoat. "When he returned and
found his friends gone and his overcoat
missing, he became angry, and hastily tel
ephoned to police headquarters that his
overcoat had been stolen by his visitors.
Detectives Dinan and. Reynolds were de
tailed on the case, and on Wednesday
evening met the culprits down town and
placed them under arrest. Despite their
tears and assertions that they took
"Pop's" coat in lest and had It In their
room on Ellis street, the hard-hearted of
ficers took them to the prison and placed
them on the mysterious small book.
The overcoat was found in the fair pris
oners" room and returned to the still
■wrathful owner. Mr. Sullivan informed
the detectives yesterday that he would
make complaint against the ladies, but up
to last night had not carried out his In
tention. -*
Friends of the prisoners, learning of
their unhappy plight, appealed to Attor
ney Archie Campbell, and ho has Inter
ested himself In the prisoners' case. If
the ladles are not booked to-day for their
alleged crime Mr. Campbell Intends ap
plying for a writ of habeas corpus from
the Superior Court to compel the police to
charge them, so that they can be re
leased on ball. The well-known attorney
ha a often threatened to test the right of
the police to confine people who are under
suspicion, as he claims it Is an unjust
practice and smacks of Siberian methods.
Major Moore's Successor.
A report was prevalent yesterday ln the
Federal building that Special Agent J. D.
Power, .formerly of this city, would be
appoint-- by the Secretary of the Treas
ury an the successor of Special Agent
Moore. Mr. Power is at present in New
York City. He was an assistant in the
irt a*ent'» office In this city many.
as It has been officially termed in the
statutes, the "Chinese" ostensibly
for the shrimp fishing solely, but in real
ity both for shrimp and small fish, the
latter of which they catch in abundant
quantities and do not return to the water
as the law demands. This ruthless depre
dation on the young fish in the San Fran
cisco and San Pablo bays during the past
few years has resulted in such depletion
of the various species that formerly
stocked these waters that the entire com
munity has become seriously alarmed.
The Legislature has passed laws prohib
iting such fishing, and the Fish Com
missioners have from time to time exhib
ited a desultory activity in suppressing it.
This practice has been constant, and the
reason of It is that the Chinese fishermen
have been practically unmolested by the
authorities, who instead of enforcing- the
law appeared to have winked at its open
violation. In fact it is stated by the
years ago. but resigned in order to accept
the position of manager for the estate of
Mr. O'Connor of O'Connor, Moffat & Co.,
the dry goods merchants. He received a
salary of $22,500 per annum for the three
years in which he acted in that capacity,
and out of an investment of $500,000 turned
in a profit of $216,000 annually to the es
tate. When he severed his connection with
the estate he was reappointed a special
agent.
INGLESIDE COURSING.
Dogs That Will Run in the Park on
Saturday Afternoon.
The Ingleside Coursing Park Club held
Its weekly drawing at Pythian Castle last
evening. A puppy stake and an old dog
stake will be the features. The drawing
resulted as follows: -••.••
Puppy stake— Murphy <_ Tolanrt's Twilight
Jr. vs. D. .Pike's Nancy R: James Byrne's
Eleven Spot vs. T. J. M -Hugh's Moss Rose:
S. Mahoney's Chief of Hill v.. T. J. McHughs
Empress; Hurley & Rett..- Richmond Queen
vs. F. Herring's St. Elmo; p. Hooper's
Morse's Patrol vs. G. __bu=spn's Lady Bell;
M. Tlernan's Mary Ann vs. James Byrne's
Olympus; M. Kerrigan's Honeymoon vs. F.
Brown's Sweet Briar; Murphy & Toland'a
Pleasant Girl vs. L. Robin. t's Snowstorm.
All-a_e stake — A. van den Burgh's American
Eagle vs. H. A. Deckeiman's Prince George;
E. Pculley's Capadura vs. W. Halpin's Whisk
Broom. H. A. Deckeiman's Glen I'tiloe vs. O.
J. Olson's Sunburst; H. A. l.ieekelman's Law
rence vs. J. Kenan's Royal Buck; H. Lynch's
Mystic Maid vs. Lord & Herb-fa Kerr;. Gov.-;
J. Eagan's Billy Gladstone vs. D. Hooper's
Bendalong; Dempsey & Miller's Peter M. vs.
M. Tlernan's Persecution; Russell &- Wilson's
Lady Emma vs. D. Kaher's Belle of Moscow;
W. Aiken's Melba vs. T. J. Mclnerney's Nora;
C. Dajardine's Tocaloma vs. T. J. Mclnerney's
Reglna; Curtis & Son's Commodore vs. G. H.
Burfelnd's Royal Prize; G. Lahussen's Fedora
vs. A. Massey's Hadlwist; J. Dickson's Black
Bess vs A. Johnson'- Lissak; James Byrne's
Mohawk vs. Handy & Smith's Petronlus: E.
M Kellogg's lowa Boy vs. J. Schaeffers Pas
time; J. Jones' Galivant vs. T. J. Cronln s
Thornhill; H. Lynch's Bottle M. vs. Curtis &
Son's Maud S; P. Brophy's Benicia Boy vs. J
O'Donnell's Las Palmas; Curtis & Son Scot
Free vs A. Johnson's Tod Sloan: D. Healy m
Rusty Gold vs. S. Maloney's Blue Violet; T.
J. Cronln's Maid of Ball vs. J. O Dow. a
Scotch- P. J. Retlly nominates Nonpareil
vs. J. 'Keenan's Flying Buck; J. O'Dowd's
Clifton Lass vs. Dillon & Reilly s Granuale;
Curtis & Son's Luxor vs. J. Keenan Fear .Not;
J Byrne's Nelly B vs. J. Keenan s Royal Oak;
E. M. Kellogg's Hummer vs. M. -*Veal°_ s
Maid of Erin; E. M. Kellogg's lowa Girl vs.
A Johnson's Mountain Beauty: J.^Charlton s
Doily Varden vs. Handy & Smiths Victor
Queen; H. A. Deckeiman's Fox Kenny vs. M.
.....lon's Bona Dea; T. J. Cronln s Arab vs.
T Sullivan's Maid of Hill; Lowe & Ihornp
son's Lowlander vs. H. A. Deckelma-t a Old
Glory; T. J. Mclnerney's Johnny R vs. T. J.
Cronln's Wild Tralee; T. J Mclnerney a Tom
my Rex vs. M. Nealon's Van Snap; Curtis &
Son's Commodore vs. ' Handy & Sm th 8 Twin
City Girl: S. McCollough's Magdallah vs. J.
Thrift's draeshopper.
In the Divorce Courts.
Bessie Wilson has been granted a di
vorce from -George H. Wilson on the
ground of desertion. Soloman Crokner
was granted a divorce from his wife.
Rosie Crokner, yesterday on the ground
of extreme cruelty. Mrs. Crokner was
-.ranted her household furniture and $200
as her share of the community property.
Mary L. Middletnas has sued John Mid
dlemas for a divorce, alleging failure to
provide as a cause of action.
Some beautiful piano scarfs and
stools very cheap at Mauvais-. 769 Mar
ket street. : . ; > *
. . «» ■
Deable and Smith Discharged.
William Deable and William Smith, of
South San Francisco, who were arrested
on a charge of robbing the Sierra Point
House at Baden, were discharged from
custody yesterday. The preliminary ex
amination satisfied the Justice of the
Peace that the young men had nothing to
do with the robbery.
Tried to Stab a Policeman.
James McDonnell, a discharged soldier,
was yesterday held to answer before the i
Superior Court in $500 bonds by Judge ,
Mogan on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon. -. He was arrested by Po- i
liceman Beach for being drunk and drew j
a knife and attempted to -tab the officer. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 3, 1899.
Chinese themselves that this immunity
from Interference has not been accorded
them without adequate compensation.
Whether the charges of bribery have the
I merit of truth or whether they can be
j substantiated is a question yet to be de
; termined. , .
Several" of the Chinese merchants en
gaged in the fishery business claim -they
have been making monthly payments of
! sums ranging, from $7 50 to $12 for every
boat for protection. This money was not
! collected by the deputies, but was paid
into the hands of certain attorneys of the
. Chinese for discreet distribution where it
| would do the most good. .
There are at least thirty boats in the
! bay employed for just such purposes as
I the one seized yesterday. On an average
] of $10 a boat this amounts to $3600 a year,
I which is divided among the attorneys.
: The problem to be solved Is who gets the
"Ru-'this is not all. In the aggregate
there are about 250 Chinese fishing smacks
throughout the State, all or the great
majority of which are believed to be pay
ing this toll. If such be the case. $25,u00
is paid yearly by Chinese for the privi
lege to rob the bays and waters of this
The' fishing smack taken by Constable
Creed yesterday was gathering fish from
nets stretched opposite McNear s land
ing a Chinese camp on the Marin shore
of San Pablo Bay eighteen miles from
Sausallto. Creed boarded the smack,
watched the Chinese untie their bag nets
and deposit in a common receptacle the
shrimp, commingled with young fish of
every description. To keep within the
pale of the law, the Chinese would have
had to throw back in the sea all the fish
caught. This they did not do. but con
tinued dragging in the nets and clearing
them of their burdens. After spending
an hour on the boat, and while the crew
were beating homeward. Creed placed
. them under arrest and towed the boat
and crew to Sausalito.
• The head man among the fishermen
: gave the name of Ah Lee, and said he
was in the employ of Qwong Lee Chong,
806 Commercial street. He was surprised
at the arrests. His limited understanding,
, could not comprehend why he should be
I placed under arrest when he paid $10 a
1 month lust to avoid such an unpleasant
procedure. At first he objected to the
arrest, and ran his hands lovingly through
his pile of shrimps to show that he had
no fry with it. Then he thought better of
it and began to separate the fish from the
shrimps and cast them overboard. Violent
threats from t..e corporeal Constable
brought Ah Lee to a realization of the
proprieties, and he accepted the Inevita
ble with true Celestial Indifference—
cept for a wailing complaint for his mis
placed monthly .10.
ANONYMOUS LETTER
SENT TO THE MORGUE
THE AUTHOR SAYS MRS. H. C.
RASMUSSEN WAS POISONED.
Claims Her Husband Murdered Her
in Order That He Might Marry
Another Woman.
A mysterious anonymous letter was re
i ceived by Coroner Hill yesterday morn
! ing advising him to make an Immediate I
j and thorough Investigation as to the I
| cause of the death of Mrs. H. C. Ras
mussen, who died, according to a duly
signed doctor's certificate, of blood I
poisoning, last Tuesday morning at her j
home, 1,844 Union street. '■• ;-.
The writer avers that the deceased did i
not die as a result of natural causes, but '
was poisoned by her husband, who took
this means of getting rid of her that he
j might marry a Mrs. Dolan, with whom,
it is claimed, he has been keeping com
pany for several months past. In proof
of this the letter states that the day
Mrs. Rasmussen died her husband went
buggy riding with the Dolan woman. This
in fact is true, but Mrs. Dolan did not,
according to her statement, accompany
Rasmussen on a ride of pleasure, but on
one of sorrow. She maintains that the
grief-stricken husband of the deceased
visited her at her home and made a piti
| able request that she accompany him to
an undertaker's ln order to select a
shroud and casket for his wife. She did
so, as she claims, reluctantly, not caring
to have the neighbors get a wrong Im
pression of her mission. After they left
the undertaker's she, according to her
own statement, drove to Cypress Lawn
Cemetery for the purpose of purchasing
a burial plat. The object of the letter, It
is surmised, is an attempt to satisfy the
author's animosity or spite against either
or both the Dolan woman and Rasmussen
by blackening their characters in the
sight of the public. -;■■':__.«
From every Indication Rasmussen was
essentially a home man. From the state
ments of neighbors and friends he had
his affections there and was always actu
ated by the desire to make his home, as
far. as it was in his power to do so. a
happy one. .
The only theory that is advanced in
explanation of the letter Is the unusual
Interest which Mrs. Dolan exhibited of
late for the Rasmussen family ln general.
She had made presents to the children
I and had bought delicacies, etc., for the
i deceased woman during the period of her
Illness. '■'•*- '...-* ■.*.-- *. :."'•:
Another passage of the letter states that
I the husband of Mrs. Dolan was forced to
• | leave her some time ago on account of
: ! the attentions which were accepted by her
. ! from Rasmussen. This, however, is de-
I nied. Dolan was compelled to leave his
! wife so the latter said, because he re
j fused to support his children and insisted
1 in enjoying a life of absolute indolence.
1 I Since the separation it is conjectured that
! he shipped as a stowaway aboard of an
' Alaskan steamer. ...
1 Dr. W. Winterburg, who attended the
deceased from the time she was taken
1 sick until she died, scorns the idea that
: death resulted from anything other than
! natural causes. Pie has sumbltted. a
signed certificate of death, which^ls. now
! in the possession of the Coroner. '
Rasmussen emphatically - denied that
i there was any foundation for any of the
i charges made in the anonymous commu
nication. ; .•'■-'•■■•■•,'■_-_ .•' _■/ -, V V\ '•
Fire Protection for Sutro Heights.
The Fire Commissioners yesterday de
cided to petition the Board of Supervisors
to lend an old engine and the. necessary
tools to the residents and property, own
ers at Sutro Heights find vicinity for Are
protection till the department lain a'po
sltlon to furnish them with permanent
protection. John J. Welsh resigned as
hoseman cf engine 13; Daniel Toomey was
appointed to 1111 the vacancy. William
Jeffers was appointed hoseman of engine
1, and Maurice Barrett was promoted
from hoseman of engine 25 to stoker of
chemical engine L
The Stars and Stripes Forever. COUSA thrills you with his
Maroh - -3 soul=stirring inarches. You
JOHN PHILIP SOUSA ■ O
(_Hi j { . H _,-■_____ j f f if - 1 I § * ( * 111 * 6 carn ' e^ awa y W ' enl,
■ I ■; i, k a?^ll-t" 11. — ■ Our new Spring fashions for
/ -I*. I. *^ : f W*^^^! i-^ g ] j men are full of the Sousa snap
: : '* v men are full of the Sousa snap
nMtf' _ fe£ rr_-__-_Ji^))ilc ife ; f .if i 144. and go. They're a delightful
t^_ijp_^_P^_^^B^M|g,^_i_; f r r=r * p r ri .
' i i __. l^il^k ___________ ___ collection of high=class colorings,
(gg g E -^ X r sff_ _____ __-! I It^-f ; I == _• . . . . • .
v i _^M_ii_|iiiB»_. high-class fabrics, and a very
„___fii_____Ml ; W__l_3___^_* ,;r^^^^_^__li spirited, soahstirring price. You
_^_^_________l__Hl_--_ « et quite carried away with "'
Will f H ■ ■ '/ /l^g^iy^"' j ; / /;/ //7' ! ■'^^/tfllm^^^i^^ "~ i ~ J PF^ Twc^re the world renowned
_/■! IS I' ■ I Wo§lffi\\\\ ''■ w''l 'i l^'llP : ' 'fmhksr- Sousa wearing one of our Blue Serge
1 1 J- •_• CT_iw , : ltp ! i'lim l! ■ J^ltl_fc>l Suits, which is absolutely the correct
il^m^mi \ l ■■■'lim^m^ f*suon f ors P n ni .
_ ' |M HH I '!j :j ! jflj j ' iipij IP 1 1 II li °f course * it's the full weight Serge,
■ f ________^||fflS^| 1' I ill I*l' '!'| ill IMI \\Mm^^W^^^^^ an entirely new weave of it, about as
* ip| \,ivTl| li i| 1 1 |]ffl|J; j/i'lj l^lfl Ijl i| jl" ~WfcMzffl handsome and artistic a creation as
«_ fflW-lil ;i ' Iflil ' lif II II I I E^M%^ ™ Possible to create for men's wear.
or.ft W' ~ M-Of 1 ill MI r ' Pl I 1 fflli_^_^^^^l_^= 5 high-class in every particular,
/^^^i-^-J^^^^tep lij j, l( IJ || Wm^lliM'^^^^^^ made in the double-breasted fashion,
{' - ff Y)^M\ I! Pill fe I SfiT ; ffli_^rf^_^^^'**C' 7//,./7, 5-t.w facing to the buttonhole;
f 3____EE z_~*~f N \ _i!l I Pilli I I lif iijl\| lllllli^ili^i^-f-r-f- quite an ideal garment. There'snoth-
V^' j^CWKi If f I ' 1! j n^*^^^^r^*^^^*^^^^F^^^^^^^^ /7^o 7 72 t0672/ — $18.00 that bears the
' Jr^:''^ lil I I- I I ill Pi J'Sr slightest semblance to it.
J J 4-^f j j 111 fl I filll jlj I | jlji H JlulillllHlkfi^-^^^ r -fSV. I) -^^ ' there's a pretty Top
*%s§? * j||||||j,i ij I i^^ ( Coft? 4 , which we offer this morning, in
—Jy - - 111 lliiiil; I | ' I I 11 1 Mll___Z-Z_r.. ',& V' light shades of Venetian cloth, with
%£ r ' r ' \L^-___- I '' i'l i I ] iLl'il-UjAyffl-'^ — velvet collar, which is quite the swell
idea or a Spring Overcoat ; of course,
1 |/||]^ffif^ffl||j|| ' , //^_____i_. without .velvet collar for those that
•J J H"-**' j IPi 1 11111 l I lih^m ll ii l| l lwill^^^*^ ' 1 "' /| ' :^) prefer it that way.
- =il< < * i< |' |Jil!iiH|i It I llC____________f °' tr Corner Window is especially
..^—^^^ ■ //» ! /)/ / // // -V g -lit illlplljf//i//t /V-i-^ir^^-^^^^^^^E^^^^ j_A^s ) devoted to the exlyibit of these high-
i ~ T^ r ~- '■■*-? v ' - 6 i|jij |/|//////////|^l | !| ||| mil |//|//jp "^ : '?f class garments, and they're quoted to
iiiiii'iiiiMJ[ UflßiiUiii !'■■■ j Sil OO
C__ _slrT r =-^g | |^^ |'il||p^^^^ I ''"''^ 0/" course, they're only f 11.00 for
__j-__Hlifp : liC3_i^3! d a duaci *c
iij iL | rl|^lrt i te^ KArnAtL j,
If lull L ■"■'i//fr II v ' 1 m\Amm mm m m _____ j__-__' <v_^ -^
' XLlj : ill '.Lgß- l^fc__^__te^^ • Corner Kearny Street and Union
-♦ — -- --- -• ►*■ **P - / ... — "^*** T >_J _? — ~ ' _j -*", __jm _^__ i_;j_wj ) 1 . Square Avenue.
• -,--. <f -- -/-,- ■ . . . —^ i_P^__P!_ ___*_>* ■ --*■— if -*« (_^- -y-y r . /*■ f »^ T *1 ~~*4 y1 *l l .
Ef^^Qji-g^ -j ' _m i 1 'JJ J'4; .■l'i'-'i Square Avenue.
J. W. MACKAY WAS NOT
GUILTY OF FRAUD
THE FOX SUIT AGAINST HIM
WITHOUT FOUNDATION.
Supreme Court Says the Capitalist
Was Not Responsible for the
Mining Official's Actions.
The case of Theodore Fox against Jonn
W. Mackay and the Consolidated Cali
fornia and Virginia Mining Company was
decided yesterday by the Supreme Court
in favor of the defendants. Fox •is a
stockholder In the mining company, and
Mackay was a director in the Nevada
Bank. In the complaint Mackay was ac
cused of conspiracy to defraud the min
ing company, with the aid of Its board of
directors, out of $50,000. The action was
to compel him to replace that sum of
money in the treasury of the company.
The basis of the cause of action was
found in the payment to W. H. Patton,
superintendent of the mine, of. the $50,000.
which was made in four monthly install
ments of $12,500 each. The money was
paid to Patton under a resolution or the
board of directors reciting that it was
done in consideration of the extraordi
nary and valuable services rendered to
the * company in extinguishing a fire
of long standing in the lower levels of
the mine. . . -'--* 7: '
In the lower court Mackay won the
case, from which two appeals were taken,
one from the judgment and the other
from the order denying a new trial. Jus
tice Garoutte. who wrote the opinion,
states: "Those findings of fact (of the
lower court) are to the effect that Mackay
committed no fraud; that he was not. a
conspirator; that he was not a member
of the board of directors of the mining
company; that he in no way profited b**
the transaction, and was an entire
stranger to the whole matter from start
to finish. Upon this state of facts a judg
ment of non-liability upon his nart has
ample support and should be affirmed. It
is so ordered." -; /
:■♦ » '
—"The American Porter"— is the latest brew of,
the Anheuser-Rusch Brewing Ass'n. It excels'
In those qualities that make It most popular
with the ' public.
« ♦ ■ ■'
IN HONOR OF EMMET.
Governor Gage Will Preside at Satur
. day Night's Celebration.
The committee of arrangements for the
celebration of the anniversary of the birth
of Robert Emmet, Ireland's favorite mar
tyred son, is making elaborate prepara
tions for the entertainment to be given. at
Metropolitan Temple Saturday evening,
March 4. All necessary details were ar
ranged at- an enthusiastic meeting held
in the Knights .of the Red Branch Hall
last evening. A splendid programme will
be presented on this occasion. Governor
Gage will preside and Mayor Phelan will
deliver -an oration. - -v -v*-v '-'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TWO CAPTAINS AND
THE PILOT CENSURED
LICENSES OF A CAPTAIN AND
PILOT SUSPENDED.
Captain Gustafson of the William D
Severely Reprimanded for the
Recent Collision.
Captains O. F. Bolles and John K.
Bulger, United States local inspectors of
steam vessels, yesterday suspended the
license of Captain Clatrvllle of the ferry
steamer Oakland for three months, and
of Pilot J. H. Douglass of the sain, vessel
for twelve months for running down the
gasoline launch William D on the 22d of
January of this year. Two passengers
on the launch were drowned on that oc
casion.
The inspectors say in their report that
had Douglass signaled to stop and back
when he first saw the launch getting
nearer to the ferry boat be would have
avoided the collision. Captain Clalrvllle
was reprimanded for no€ keeping a proper
lookout on that occasion. "Had he done
so," say the Inspectors, "he could not
have helped seeing the launch, as the
weather was clear?' ._._-- _.'„;.:
Captain Gustafson of the launch was
blamed also for the same reason, but the
fact that the . launch was less than fif
teen tons, and therefore not under the
jurisdiction of the inspectors, saved his
license. "Had Captain Gustafson," say
the inspectors, "been keeping a proper
lookout he would have seen the Oakland
In time to avoid the collision. We there
fore hold him to be as much to blame in
this matter as the pilot of the Oakland
and equally responsible for the collision."
PROFESSOR HAMMON RETIRES.
Forecast Official Willson Temporarily
in Charge of the Weather.
George H. Willson assumed charge of
the local weather bureau in the Mills
building yesterday, vice W. H. Hammon.
who has resigned to take a position in a
Pittsburg gas concern. Mr. Willson has
been in the office since 1890 and has been
temporarily in charge of Weather affairs
several times. He will make way for A.
G. .McAdie of New Orleans-, who has been
here before and has been reassigned to
this station by the Department of Agri
culture.
Mr.<W r illson says that there will probably
be rain ln Northern California to-day, and
it will extend to San Francisco. The con
ditions are such, that he predicts a storm
from the north, and believes that Califor
nia will yet receive a good downpour.
In many places In the State it drizzled
yesterday. The district about Fresno was
dry but cloudy. Between this city and
Santa Clara county very little rain has
fallen.
Another School Suit.
Rose M. Stack, who. for a few weeks
after her appointment as a teacher, such
appointment having been made December
14 1898, taught a class in Buena Vista Pri
mary School, but who was lately removed
by the new Board of Education, filed an
application in the Superior Court yester
day for a writ of mandate to compel the
board to reinstate her. Upon the filing of
the complaint an alternate writ was is
sued, returnable next week.
MRS. MARY "CULLEN"
HAS TWO HUSBANDS
THE FIRST WAS DIVING WHEN
SHE MARRIED.
Judge Belcher Therefore Decides
Against Her in Her Suit
for Maintenance.
Mrs. Mary "Cullen" Is not the legal wife
of Gerald Cullen. A few days ago an ac
tion instituted by Mrs. Cullen against the
man whom she thought was her husband
for maintenance was tried and submitted.
During the trial it was contended by Cul
len that when he took the marriage vows
with tho plaintiff she had a husband liv
ing In the person of one James Riggs. The
plaintiff denied the allegation and pre
sented a photograph of a ghastly Morgue
subject which she identified as Riggs. the
subject having been buried prior to her
marriage to Cullen. Many witnesses,
however, testified that they had seen
niggs as late as December last, and as
the plaintiff married Cullen, as she
thought four years ago, the marriage was
naturally illegal, for If Riggs was alive
last December he manifestly was four
v Judge Belcher, after giving judgment for
Judge Belcher, after giving judgment for
the defendant, said that the court could
not annul the marriage, as asked by the
defendant, stating that for that purpose
another action would have to be brought.
In all probability this will be done, and
doubtless Cullen will be freed from the
woman who claims to be his wife, but
whom the court has decided to be the
wife of another. Practically she Is not a
wife at all, for no husband will assume
the responsibility of calling her "wife."
LANDSBERGER-HERZ.
Brilliant Violinist and the Daughter
of Dr. Cornelius Herz to Wed.
Nathan Landsberger. the well known
violinist, and Miss Irma Herz, teacher of
music, will in the near future play a mat
rimonial duet of their own composing. In
other words, they will become man and
wife.
The bride-to-be is a daughter of Dr.
Cornelius Herz. at one time a millionaire,
who was mixed up in the Panama canal
scandals in France. He lost his fortune
and died in Bournemouth, England, only
eight 'months ago. The widow and three
daughters reside in London. Raoul, the
only son, is an undergraduate of Cam
bridge University. Irma and her young
est sister, Sibyl, c_me to this city four
months ago 'and took up their residence
with their uncle, Louis Saroni, the candy
manufacturer.
Miss Irma Herz has studied music in
London, Paris and Berlin, and makes a
specialty of the pianoforte. She is 21
years old and Mr. Landsberger is 32.
MRS. DORA FUHRIG'S TRIAL.
The work of securing a jury to try Mrs.
Dora Fuhrig. the notorious midwife, for
causing the death of Mrs. Anna W.
Walmsley, was concluded yesterday morn
ing, the following talesmen being selected:
R. S. Mapleson, Joe Pohelm. S. Gillespie,
J. T. Brophy, A. Binslay, M. H. Mohr
drick. E. P. Enright, T. Frahur. James E.
Dealey, Jacob Wand, M. Spiro and Robert
Cleary.
At the opening of the afternoon session
Mrs. B. H. Gerder, the dead woman's
mother, was placed on the stand. She told
the story of her daughter's suffering and
gave other details or her illness tending
to incriminate Mrs. Fuhrig. When Mrs.
Gerder left the stand the case went over
until this morning.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BJfjjJL Zln •___•
AFTER
YOUR
SCALP
THIS WEEK. IF YOUR HAIR IS FALLING
out or you find dandruff on your coat col-
lar these goods and prices should Interest you:
7 Sutherland Sisters' Hair Restorer 3JJo
Large size 65-
Scalp Cleaner ; 850
Hall's Hair Renewer ''•»
Ayer's Hair Vigor <J <"«*
Dall's Hair Tonic __«*
Star Hair Remedy /-•»*"
Manning's English Shampoo -•**
Barry's Tricopherous -,»
Dall's Hair Restorer •. , "°
Parker's Hair Balsam 4<>c
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
TESLA ELECTRIC BELT
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
jtMESS
"JJ _, -_■__; t-l_ "A tE BROS- —*****
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
■*-*_•_• -"---v-i v W'-T'mj _i U _■' _ _■____
Marian! Wine Tonic
Marvelous Results in Cases of
SPRING FEVER v
FOR SALE AT ALL DRUGGISTS' EVERY-
WHERE AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Portrait-
and endorsements free.
MARIAN'- & CO.. NEW YORK.