VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 125.
THE POPE'S
CONDITION IS
MOST GRAVE
He Has a Fainting Pit, Which
Greatly Alarms His
Attendants.
RAMPOLLA DISCREET
Conceals the Real State of Leo's
Health Through Fear of
the Powers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 4. — Ac
cording to a dispatch to
the Daily Telegraph, from
Rome, the P. >pe had a fainting
fit yesterday which proved of the
gravest character.
Every effort is being made by
Cardinal Rai Papal Secre
. to conceal the real
con-' the Pontiff, his ob
ject ■ prevent the powers
from working in advance for the
next conclave.
powers, nevertheless, are
aware of the true condition
holiness, and are secretly
preparations for the
g < »f the Cardinals.
CITY CLERK
OF FRESNO
ABSCONDS
Flight of J. W. Shanklin to |
Avoid Arrest for
Embezzlement.
Pp^ria] Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, April 3.— City nerk J. W.
Shanklin. who was given until noon to.
ike up a deficiency of about
has fl~d. This morning it was the
ral report that Shanklin had left
luring the night. Constables
with warrants of arrest were seeking
no purpose. An
I the Shanklin residence
■esno street at noon to ascer
tain whether the City <"Wk was at
•her of the missing man
nothing of the whereabouts of his
■ home then and evi
dently had not been since about S
k last night. He had entered the
that hour and the father sup
had retired to his
rtments. His bed had not been oc-
II that J. T. Shank
lin knew or cared to tell.
A partial h i of the ac
counts shows that since Octoher 1.
■k Shanklin has turned over
the mnnoy for only twenty-eight sa
loon licenses, though the number of ap
plications was fifty-seven. I'resum
■ .1 ihe deposit money for
■ .| has not ai counted for
It
According to this showing Shanklin
j F short to th<> extent of {3300, ai
rate" of $12*1 for <*ach of twenty-eight li
». Strictly speaking the an
dur- from him is $?.IKO, one payment of
being represented by a ch"ck.
which not having been endorsed could
rot b- cashed by him. It is bell
however, irregularities extending back
'1 the time of these fifty-seven ap
. tlons will be discovered when the
accounts ar-- systematically experted.
Shanklin was given a last opportu
nity up to noon to-day to make good
hi<= shortage. He did not avail himself
of it. Trustees Spinney and Chlttenden,
who sin'-e the first suspicion of the de
falcation have been insisting on Shank
lin',s.arrest, had their fund of patience
exhausted. Justice St. John yesterday
Issued a warrant for the arrest of
Phanklin for embezzlement.
Shankiin's downfall is ascribed to his
love for gambling. There is a street re
port that at one poker game recently
he contributed $750. He has speculated
pome in mining and oil stocks. He ua:
pai'l to own eighty-five shares of stock
In on'- of th*» West Side oil companies,
which originally cost him $4 a share,
is offered for this stock yesterday
through Marshal Woy, who has been
hrs friend to the very hist, $10 a share.
Bhanklin is said to have vouchsafed the
reply that he did not have the stock to
The City Trustees met to-night and
declared the office of City Clerk va
cant and ejected a successor to Shank
lin. George O. Duncan was chosen. It
is. believed Shanklln has gone to
Mexico.
Miss Fair's Transfer.
: NEWPORT, R. 1., April 3.— Miss Vir
girvi.-) Fair, who is to wed W. K. Van
t Jr. to-morrow, as transferred
back to her sister. Mrs Hermann Oel
richs, her half interest in the old Ban
croft estate in Cliffs, a valuable piece
of property. It is taxed for SSB.IOO
Jointly between Mrs. Oelrichs and Miss
Fair.
The San Francisco Call.
MOORE TO
BE KILLED
ON SIGHT
MURDERER MOORE'S CABIN.
NEVADA CITY, April 3.— Bad man
Moore, the murderer of Police
man William H. Kilroy, is still
at large, a fugitive from jus
tice with a price of $1000 upon
his head. Scores of armed men anx
ious to earn the coveted reward and
vent their anger upon tho outlaw are
searching the neighboring mountains.
Their efforts yesterday availed them
absolutely nothing. No trace of the
lone bandit was found. Not even an
idle rumor of Moore having been seen
reached their ears, but the searchers
did not despair. Worn out men who
have been in the mountains searching
for thf* desperado since Saturday came
in from the trails this evening for pro
visions, and incidentally to get a
night's rest.
Sheriff Getchell. T'nder Sheriff Pns
coe and a posse left here at daybreak
and drove to Crystal Springs, about
nine miles distant, on the Washington
road. A careful search of mining tun
nels, drifts, inclines and compartment
shafts at that place set at rest the
many rumors that Moore was hiding in
that vicinity. The posse left Its team
at Crystal Sprines and beat back afoot
through the canyons and underbrush.
finding no trace of the fugitive It ar
rived here to-night f otsore and weary.
While the desperado staik.s abroad in
the mountains ttaece is fear In the
hearts of the lone prospectors of the
outlying districts. Occupants of min
ing cabins in the foothills n<'\v barri
cade their doors when they lay down to
sleep at night, and a loaded si.<>tgun
stands within reach. M or ■ provisions
are believed to be almost exhausted,
and it is certain he will make an at
tempt to replenish them at one of the
many cabins in the neighboring moun
tains. If resistance is offered others
may fall victims to his unerring aim.
Every teamster who rinds it necessary
to traverse the lonely mountain roads
carries a shotgun, and every prospector
who saunters into town from the foot
hills is armed with a weapon of some
sort in anticipation of a meeting with
the desperado. Moore is the one man
in the county whom everybody fears
He is as quick as a Hash with rifle.
v shotgun or revolver, can shoot with
marvelous accuracy ana is of that
manner of man who would have little
hesitancy in shooting friend or foe
from behind if he thought they stood
between him and his freedom. Those
who know the outlaw believe that be
for»- li- is captured some of his our-
Buei s will fall.
In his dash for liberty Moore is ac
companied by at least one faithful
friend, who has thus far proved a val
ally to the fugitive In his night
is the mountains. The auth< i
declare Moore's trained ■ .■■tent
• in his master's successful efforts
in eluding pursuit. The animal is in
.» wonderful canine. Moore is
partially deaf and is compelled to carry
an ear trumpet, but his disadvantage
in this respect in fully made up by the
wonderful instinct. The animal
i ..n ih" alert for approaching
teps or the sound of human voices.
The leasi murmur or the faintest foot
's bis attention and he warns
: the approaching danger
wag of his tail and a point to the
Bpot whence the sounds Issue, fie never
barks and should Moore happen to be
p the dog licks his face the mo
ment he scents danger. These facts are
known to the authorities, aa Moor.- lias
in moments when he boasted that he
i the smartest dog in the State
displayed the brut.-':- wonderful
qualities to admiring citizens. The
man hunters now searching the moun
tains for the tnurdi rer are therefore al
ways on the alert, because they know
Moore is Informed of their presence
from afar.
There are many people here who be
lieve Moore is hiding in some spot close
to his cabin on Lltt Creek, near
the Charannet mine and scarcely any
body in the whole county believes the
fugitive has succeeded In getting any
distance out of the mountains. All the
roads and trails have been carefully
guarded since Saturday and there has
been little chance for him to escape.
The f^ct that the fugitive carried his
water bucket with him in his hurried
flight lends color to the general theory
that he has taken possession of some
rocky cavern or dry mining shaft close
to his cabin. Moore has often boasted
that he could hide himself within a
mile of the town where it would be
lmp< Mible for anybody to find him.
The killing of Kilroy undoubtedly
was premeditated and it is fair to pre
sume that Moore expected to be placed
in a position where he would be com
pelled to elude a horde of angry and
brave men anxious to bring him to ac
count for his misdeeds. This theory Is
borne out by the condition in which the
officers found Moore's cabin when they
arrived there shortly after the murder
was committed. Moore had been there
and removed everything that would be
useful to him in his flight. It was evi
dent the murderer had placed every
thing in readiness for a hurried depart
ure. On the floor was found a receipted
bill for $20 worth of groceries which
were supplied only three days before
by a local grocer. None of the pro
visions was found In the cabin.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, APRIL 4, 1899.
Captain Nihell of Company C.Nation
al Guard, accompanied by City Mar
shal Tomkin, Journeyed* over the ridge
to Spencervllle to-day. There they in
terviewed Uanclvr Taunt, who said
■day he bad Been and talked with
Moore. The officers hpard Taunt's
story, hut placed little credence in it.
They beat t.ar-k through the canyon,
car* fully searching the woods and un
ili'ii'iiish.
Early to-morrow morning another
large detachment of members of Com
pany C of thU city will go out on the
trails behind Banner Mountain and
beat through the country in a sys
tematic manner, very much on the
same plan as thpy drive rabbits in
Fresno. The militiamen are anxious to
pet Moore in their clutches, and be
hind their fervid anxiety there is an in
t< resting little story:
Moore at one time was a member of
Company C, and was famed the count v
over for being the best rifle shot in the
company. It was easy* for him to carry
off all the prizes, and he speejdlly
gained the reputation of being the best
rifle shot in the country. His aim was
so accurate that a suspicion that he
had tarn] d with his rifle crept Into
the mmt 1 ..- C his rivals, and they set
a trap for him.
Several of the boys watched Moore
fully, and after a prize shooting
contest one of them picked up the mur
derer's rifle and subjected it to a close
Bcrutiny." He found that the suspicions
of his comrades were not groundless.
Moore, with his characteristic shrewd
ness and knowledge of tools, had filed
the trigger of the rifle down to such a
point that it went oft" at the slightest
touch of the finger. This was a great
aid at the prize Bhoots, as the rest of
the contestants were compelled to exert
a power of seven and a half pounds on
the triggers of their weapons to ex
plode, the cartridge.
For this tri<k Moore was immediately
discharged from the company and
klisted by nearly everybody in
town. The Incident is still fresh in the
iries of the boys of Company C.
and they will not be disposed to show
the murderer anything but scant cour
tesy sh'iuld he fall Into their bands.
The only reliable information as to the
route taken by Moore Jifter he left his
cabin is given by Frank Sarrdow. a
prospector, who lives in a cabin at the
top "l" J 'helps Hill. Moore's tracks were
traced In the soft mud by ".lack" Kil
roy. a brother of the murdered police
man, along the North Ranner mine
road ms far as the abandoned black
smith Bhop of the mine. There the trail
ended, and the murdered man's brother
and his companion wasted several
shots rit thi- old Bhop. in the hope that
Moore had taken refuge therein. They
were disappointed, as the fugitive had
cut across the road at that point and
Journeyed over the hills toward San
dow's cabin.
The lone occupant was awakened In
the dead of night by passing footfalls
and the barking of his deerhounds. He
si ruck a light and looked out of the
window in time to see Moore passing
the house on a trail a few yards dis
tant. Bandow is certain that it was
Moore, for he has known him for the
last twenty years.
From that point theman-hunters have
lost all trace of the murderer, but they
hope to capture or kill him within the
next twenty-four hours. The lonerer
Moore remains at large the greater
menace he is to the lives of innocent
people who may be so unfortunate as
to cross his path. He certainly knows
by this time that scores of brave men
are on his trail, and. if captured. Judge
Lynch will be his judge and jury, so
the citizens here fear that Moore will
not hesitate to carry out the theory of
outlaws— "dead men tell no tales." The
posses who are hunting the murderer
have been instructed to kill him on
sight.
Since the murder of Policeman Kil
roy a belief exists her" that Moore is
responsible for at least two other mur
ders that have taken place during the
S last five years. It is now suspected
j that Moore murdered Driver Meyers of
j the BloomfleM stn^e and Superintend
ent Gaviota of the Perbeo mine. Roth
murders were cowardly affairs, the men
being shot down without being given a
| fnrhting chance for their lives. The
crimes have always remained unsolved
mysteries. In both cases the murderer
attempted to rob hisvictims of treasure
which th'-y were bringing from the
mines, and each time he was unsuc
cessful, because the horses ran at the
sound of his rifle.
GEN. OTIS
FINDS THE
REBEL ARMY
A Large Body Five Miles to
the Northeast of
Malolos.
IS A SHARP SKIRMISH
Filipinos Are Coming Back to Their
Homes and Asking American
Protection.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, April 3, 7:55 p. m.— A
reconnoissance made by cavalry
under Major Rucker this after- ■
noon developed into a sharp skirmish '
with 1000 insurgents intrenched at <
Quingua, aye miles to the northeest ,
of Malolos, the main body of the rebel i
\ army being apparently between Quin
i gna and Pulilan. Other detached
I forces of the enemy retreated to the
eastward and entered Mateo Valley,
; where they were repulsed by General
Hall's troops.
Scouts penetrating close to Calumpit
found a small group of mules sinking
in the soft spot in the road. This led
to the discovery of two breech-loading
coast defense guns, buried at the cross
roads. The presence of the guns there ,
is a mystery. The troops will make a .
thorough search for any additional i
arms that may be hidden.
Major Cobbe of the Third Artillery
has been appointed provost marshal.
The twenty miles of country between
Caloocan and Malolos is dotted with
white flags displayed by hundreds of
Filipinos, who are returning to their I
homes. The better class of Filipinos,
who fled at the approach of the Ameri
can troops, are now coming back over
land or in boats to Malolos. A native ;
priest entered the American lines to
day, asking permission to return to his
clerical duties.
Prisoners captured by the American
' troops report that there is a scarcity \
of food among the Insurgent troops.
General Mac Arthur estimates that 100,- ]
000 Filipinos deserted their homes and
■ j believes their desire to return is a most
favorable indication. ' -•*?•'--■■-'
1'• The situation "in the southern islands
continues uncertain. The latest move |
'. of the natives there is to extinguish
i the lights in the lighthouses.
i .The bodies of Colonel Egbert of the
Twenty-second Infantry and Lleuten- •
' ant John Gregg of the Fourth Infantry
were put on board the transport Sher- i
; man to-day to be conveyed to the j
. United States.
• Major General Elwell S. Otis, com- !
• mander of the American military j
• forces, has received the following mes- J
1 sage:
, Hearty congratulations on the most
: magnificent work of the army.
i DBWET.
'■ The Philippine Commission, the last
: member of that body, Colonel Charles
\ Denby, former Minister to China, hay
! : ing arrived here, will discuss the r.'tua
« i tion. The commissioners are hopeful of
. i a speedy restoration of peace, believing
i ! hostilities will soon be confined to the
■ habitual revolutionists.
Brigadier General Harrison Gray
I I Otis sails for home on board the trans
port Sherman to-day. He says he be
i lieves the insurrection has received its
death blow.
The Sherman will also have on board
' the sons of Secretary John Hay o: the
1 State Department and Senator Hale of
1 Maine, who have witnessed much of
1 the fighting with the army.
' " Genera! Wheaton has assumed com
mand of the brigade lately command
' ed by General Otis. The Third and
Twenty-second regiments of General
' Wheat on's command are returning to
! this city.
AGUINALDO MAY NOW
RETIRE FROM LUZON
NEW YORK, April 4. — The Journal
prints the following cable from Manila:
It is reported that Aguinaldo, on the
advice of the Filipino junta In Hong
kong, will abandon Luzon and co to
Mindanao, the southern island of the
Philippine group, where he will endeav
or to continue the insurrection there
and on the adjoining islands of Nesrros.
Cehu and Bohol. It is expected the
Sultan of Sulu will lend him support.
CASUALTIES NOT
HERETOFORE REPORTED
WASHINGTON. April 3. — General
Otis reports from Manila to Adjutant
General Corbin the following casualties
not heretofore reported:
March 25— Twenty-second Infantry:
Wounded, Company H, Private F. H.
Horton, wrist, moderate.
April I— First North Dakota: Com- I
pany H. Second Lieutenant Dorman
Baldwin, leg. severe; Company D, Cor
poral J. C. Bryon, forearm, moderate; I
Private E. Morgan, eyebrow, slight.
Third Infantry — Second Lieutenant
Chauncey B. Humphrey, forearm,
slight.
First Nebraska— Company D. Captain
Martin Herpnlsheimer, forearm, mod
erate, accidental.
The cable of February 7 which re
ported Egger of the First Nebraska as
killed is an error, as there is no such
man.
WASHINGTON OFFICIALS
GREATLY ELATED
WASHINGTON, April 3.— The follow
ing cablegram was received at the War
Department early this morning:
"MANILA, April 3.— Adjutant General,
Washington: Present indications denote
that the insurgent government Is in a
THE TOPEKA
IS LOST ON
SOUTH LEDGE
STEAMSHIP CITY OF TOPEKA.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 3.— According to news received by the
steamer Danube, which arrived this evening, -the Pacific Coast
Company has lost another vessel in Alaskan waters. The latest
craft to become a victim of the reefs which abound in the in
tricate northern waters is the steamer City of Topeka, Captain
Thomson, which ran on the rocks rf the south ledge in Wrangel Nar
rows soon after midnight on Wednesday last while hound from Seattle
to Bkaguay with a big crowd of goldseekers and a heavy cargo of freight
aboard. She had just left Wrangel and was about a third of the way
through the Intricate channel, which is seldom attempted at night, when
she struck heavily on a reef. The blow cut a big hole in her port aide
and water rushed into her hold. Had she not been hung up so tightly
on the rocks she undoubtedly would have foundered, and according to
her officers many would have found a watery grave.
There was no excitement A hasty investigation showed that the
steamer was as firmly held as though monred at her wharf and the
passengers went back to the beds which they had left so hurriedly
when the steamer crashed on the reef.
On Thursday afternoon the United States lighthouse tender Manza
nita came, into the narrows and in answer to the signals of distress
displayed by the wrecked liner she sent boats to her and took off the
shipwrecked passengers. They were taken to Skaguay by the Manza
nita.
The Topeka, when the Danube passed her. was full of water, which
has totally destroyed her cargo. Her bow was hanging fast on a jagged
reef and a large hole was noticeable in her' port bow. Sh^ will have to
remain in her present position until divers can be sent up from the
Sound to patch up the rents made by the reefs. An effort was made to
get divers at Juneßu, but none were obtainable there.
Commodore Irving, of the Canadian Pacific Navigation Company,
who was a passenger on the Danube, says the wreck of the Topeka was
due to the fact that buoys and aids to navigation iirf missing in north
ern waters on account of the recent storms. He says n^w surveys and
th p establishment of several lighthouses are urgently needed in Alas
kan waters. At present there is but one light in Alaska, that at Sitka.
The accident to the Topeka will ha ;e the effect of again increasing
the insurance on Alaskan vessels, whirh is at present skyhigh. A num
ber of companies have signified th^ir intention to refuse risks on all
steamers plying in Alaskan waters in consequence of the casualty.
The City of Topeka was built by J. Roach & Son at Chester, Pa.,
in IKS 4 for the Oregon Improvement Company. She is of 1057 tons bur
den. IRS feet long. 35 feet 2 inches broad and 18 feet deep. She has been
in the Alaska trade ever since sh<= was built. In connection with the
Queen she carried all the tourist travel of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company and was to have gone north with an excursion this summer.
Her loss at this time will fall very heavy on the fhmpany. as two of its
steamers— the City of Put': 'a and Senator— are in use by the Government
as transports.
AVENGES THE
WRECKING OF
A HAPPY HOME
SALINAS, April 3.— A feud of two
years' standing came to a rath
er abrupt termination this after
noon, when F. Kopman. a
wealthy rancher of Blanco, shot
and dangerously wounded an old
time employe, Harry Aguirra. in
a saloon at Riverside, a small place
near this city. That these two men
were enemies has been known for some
time by the acquaintances of both, and
it has often been asserted that when
they mci blood would flow. Kopman is
an old veteran of the Civil War and
Aguirra a man with an unsavory repu
tation and dangerous when angered.
Both men are sure, shots, and had it
not been that Aguirra was unarmed it
is likely neither man would have es
caped alive.
The shooting affray of to-day brings
to light a sensational case -that of a
hired man winning the affections of
his employer's wife after having been
befriended eighteen years by his bene
factor. It also brings to light the
separation of a man and wife wealthy,
highly respected and influential, and
the ultimate breaking up of a charming
home. For a long time has it been ru
mored that the relations of Mrs. F.
Kopman and Harry Aguirra were im
proper, but not until about two years
ago were there developments of a sen
sational nature. At that time facts
were made public which were after
ward hushed. Kopman is said to have
signed a note for $250, and the charge
that he threatened the life of Harry
Aguirra was not prosecuted. This came
to light when Attorney W. A. Kearney
sued Kopman for the recovery of the
note. Kopman brought a counter suit
for blackmail against Kearney, to
whom the note was made payable, and
testimony was introduce.! in an at
tempt to prove that Kopman had en
tered into an agreement with Ed Rice,
a man of unsavory reputation, to dis
pose of Aguirra. It was asserted that
Kopman offered to pay $I<KIO if his
enemy were killed: that the man who
was to have done the job asked $5000.
perilous condition, its army defeated. diß
couraged and scattered. Insurgents are
returning to their homes in the cities and
villages between here and points north
of Malolos. which our roronnoitonnc:
parties have reached, and desire the pro
tection of the Americans. News from
the Vlaayan Islands is more encouraging
every day. OTIS.
War Department officials were
pleased by this cheering dispatch. It
contained a great deal of encouraging
news and those who know General Otis
well say he is not a man to take a
roseate view of the situation Unless
there is reason for it. It is argued at
but Kopman would not agree and th^
fell through. Rice or one of his
associates confessed, whereupon Ag
ulrra had Kopman arrested for having
threatened his life. Attorney Kearney
went to the ranch of the accused and
made terms whereby the case w: s
dropped upon' the $250 consideration.
Aguirra, however, claimed he never re
ceived any of the money.
Aguirra had long since left the j
home of his old-time employer in Blan- !
co and had gone to live with his own
family in Castroville, but there still
seemed to linger in the hearts of both
men hatred for one another. About
eight mouths ago Kopman, it is claim
ed, left the Blanco home and has not
resided with his wife since. A short
time ago he purchased an interest in
the Riverside saloon, a resort several
miles from this city, near the Spreckela
sugar factory. It is supposed Agtlirra
did not know this, for yesterday he
drove up to the place with his wife and, j
entering, ordered beer. TTe claims he
saw no one except the bartender on
entering the place and did not know !
Kopman was there, else he would have
been prepared.
As the drinks were about to be i
served, the wounded man asserts. Kop- j
man arose from behind the bar and lev- j
eled a pistol at his head. He knew
Kopman would shoot and consequently
tried to dodge. The man did shoot, the
ball entering Aguirra's neck on the left j
side, coining out at the back of the
head, and missing the jugular vein '
about an eighth of an inch. The wound- ;
ed man started to run for his buggy.
Two more shots were fired at him, but '•■
he escaped, and, gaining his convey
ance, was driven ns fast as possible by
his wife to this city to obtain medical
assistance.
The Sheriff was notified and went to
Riverside and arrested Kopman. He
was brought to this city and placed
under heavy Monds. These he gave and
is now at liberty. It is not yet known
whether Aguirra will die from the ef
fects of the wound.
the department that the Filipinos have
never been used to the kind of war- !
fare that the Americans have given
them and that they arc now aware that ]
It will he impressible for them to ac
complish anything by fighting. While
there is disappointment because the
movement for the capture of a large
force of the Filipinos was not success
ful, it is now believed the pressing of
the insurgents steadily toward the
north, capturing their capital and driv- .
ing them from place to place, has had a
Continued on Second Page.
PRICE FIVE CEKTS.
CANTONESE
CAPTURE AN
ENGLISHMAN
Most Serious Trouble for
the British on the
Pearl River.
TROOPS ORDERED OUT
The Hongkong Regiment Will Pro
ceed at Once to the Old
Chinese City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HONGKONG. April 4.— lt
is reported that the Chi
nese have captured Cap
tain Francis Henry May, Super
intendent of the Hongkong Po
lice.
Two companies of Welsh Fu
sileers went to Canton last night
on a torpedo-boat destroyer
sent there to protect British in
terests, and the torpedo-boat de
stroyer Fame followed at day
break this morning with 200
men.
The Hongkong -regiment is
now under orders to proceed to.
( 'anton.
Captain Francis Henry May
has been Superintendent of Po
lice at .Hongkong since 1893,
and Superintendent -of the Victo
ria Jail and Fire Brigade there
since 1896. He is the fourth
son of the late J. A. C. May, -
Lord Chief Justice of Ireland,
and is now in his fortieth year.
i He received special decorations
for services rendered during the
coolie strike and the great
plague of TBO4.
LONDON, April 4. — The
< Hongkong correspondent of the
Daily Mail says: Placards have
been posted in the Kew-Loon
! Hinterland inciting the people to
stop the British officials from
surveying there, and the offi
cials have returned to Hongkong
because of the threatening atti
tude of the Chinese.
MISS FAIR
BECOMES A
BRIDE TO-DAY
All Arrangements Completed
for Her Marriage to Wil
liam K. Vanderbilt Jr.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 3.— The arrange
ments for the marriage of Miss Vir
ginia Fair to William K. Yanderbilt Jr.
have all been completed, and the. cere
mony will take place - dins to the
plans already announced In The Call.
There ~- a rehearsal this mornlnsr
i at the house of Mr. and Mrs. Hermann
| Oelrichs. where the ceremony is to take
! place. Paur's orch :tra was present
! and played the -wedding march. The
nuptial music- from "Lohentrrin"
will be rendered as the bride enters
the ballroom, where the marriage cere
mony will be per'— mcd at noon by
Rev. Thomas F. Murphy of St. Pat
rick's Cathedral. The bridal party will
be much smaller than customary, and
Misr> Fair will enter the ballroom with
her brother-in-lay. Hermann Oelrich^.
i She will be preceded by her maid of
. honor. Miss Mary Baldwin Tolfree. Th«
bride will carry a bouquet of gardening
and lilies of the alley.
At the temporary ar. that is to be
! placed just in front of the conserva
tory, Mr. Vanderbilt and his best man.
'J. Prentice Kello«"«r, will await the
bride. At the close of the brief cere
mony the orchestra will play Mendels
sohn's wedding march. Immediately
afterward congratulations will be in
order, and then the wedding breakfast
rved. The bride's table will
be placed at one end of the dinine
room, that is nearly forty feet square.
and at right urf-lea to this there will
!>.. four long tables, I each of which
will be seated twenty-eight guests-.
There will be fourteen at the bride's
table. In the library four tables seat
ing each six people will be placed.
There will be mO pc le in all. and
Sherry will serve the wedding break
fast. Mrs. James P. Kernochan has
Bent some fine old Madeira, which will
be drunk to the bride's health.
During the serving of the breakfast
there will be a miscellaneous orchestral
concert. After breakfast Mr. and Mrs.
W. K. Vanderbilt Jr. will leave for Idle
Hour, the country place of the bride
groom's father, at Oakdale, L. L2
REPUBLICAN
VICTORIES IN
OHIO STATE
But the Heads of Several
Local Tickets Are Won
by Democrats.
McKISSON IS BEATEN
Headed Bolting Republicans and
Bourbons in the Legislature
Against Senator Hanna.
Specla: to The Call.
CINCINNATI, April 3.— The elections
In Ohio to-day were : general for mu
nicipal and township officers. While
local issues usually control' these soring
elections, yet there were other influ
ences In some places to-day. At Cleve
land there was a decisive Democratic
victory on the head of the ticket only,
but it was not one due alone to the
local opposition to May McKisson for
a third term. McKisson last year was
the candidate of the bolting Republi
cans and the Democrats In the Legis
lature against Senator Hanna.
At Columbus a publican Mayor
was elected for the first time in twelve
years. At Cincinnati the Republicans
have a plurality of 7000, though the
present Democratic Mayor was elected
• two years ago by almost as large a
plurality.. At Toledo an independent Re
publican was elected on Pingree issues,
assisted by factional complications. At
Dayton the Democrats made municipal
gains, but the Republicans gained in
the townships, which seemed to be the
case. throughout the State.
While the greatest change was at
Cleveland, where the Republicans have
controlled the city for years with Rob
ert McKisson as Mayor, yet what is
known as the Western Reserve main
tains its usual Republican majorities,
with some gains over those of former
April elections, notably at Youngstown,
. Warren, Cadiz, Delaware and other cit
ies in Northeastern Ohio. In the small
er cities, as well as in the rural dis
tricts, the Republicans claim gains, no
tably at Chillicothe, where there was a
change, Mayor Brown being defeated
• for re-election by James Wood by 300.
At Defiance the Democrats lost two [
Councilmen and a member of the Board
of Education. At Hamilton the Demo
. crats maintained their majority, also at ;
Lima, Newark, Circleville, Upper San
dusky, Wapakoneta, Millersburg and
Van Wert. At Zanesville and Marys
ville. the Republicans were successful.
■ and they made gains at Napoleon. As
a rule the vote was light At Canton,
..the home of McKinley, James Robert
son, Republican, was ■ ■ -ted Mayor by
thirteen plurality, a change from the
present Democratic administration.
Weather conditions were favorable
for a full vote at the city municipal
election, yet only 44,500 votes were cast.
The. - were only three officials to be
elected — Judge of the Superior Court
and two members of the Board of City
Aftairs. . he official result is as follows:
■Rufus B. Smith CR.)i Judge of the
Superior Court, 30,432. Judge Smith
had no opposition on the Democratic
■ ticket.
The official vote of members of the
Board of City Allans was: William
> McAllister (K.), .41; Albert Fischer
(R.), 2ti,275; H. J. Enneking (D.), 18,778;
J. C. Sherlock (D.), £73; average Re
publican majority, 6976.
A vote taken on authorizing the city
to purchase the zoological gardens for
a park resulted: For purchase, 20,180;
against, 11,326.
The two other tickets in the field poll
ed almost nothing.
' COLUMBUS. Ohio, April 3.— Samuel
L. Black . D.), Mayor of Columbus, was
defeated lor re-eiection by Samuel J.
Swartz (R.), formerly Police Judge, by
a decisive majority. Mayor Black is
president of the League of American
Muncipalitles, and this fact was used
as an argument in support of his can
didacy by the party managers. The
election was fought on strictly party
lines, however, and was one of the most
bitterly contested in the history of the
city, the total vote cast, 27,264, being
heavier than at the gubernatorial elec
tion of last fall. Judge Swartz is the
lirst (Republican elected Mayor of the
city in twelve years. The city is nor
mally Republican by about 1000, though
it has given majorities of upward of
3000. Heretofore local issues and fac
tional lights have operated against the
Republicans, but united action was se
cured tv-day by an agreement which
• gave Judge Nash, who is candidate for
the Republican nomination for Govern
.or, the solid delegation from Franklin
' County in the coming State convention.
The vote is as follows. Swartz (R.),
14,151; Black (D.), 12,758; Swartz' plu
rality, 13y3.
There were three minor party can
didates, but they polled an insignificant
vote. All other candidates on the lie
publican ticket were elected.
TOLEDO, Ohio, April 3.— To-day was
a perfect election day, clear and cool,
and the large registration was fully
brought out. It is probable that 26,000
. votes were cast for the head of the
ticket, but the Jones men, after voting
for their favorite candidate, seemed to
care little for the minor offices, and the
consequence is that the other candi
dates will fall short. Mayor S. M.
Jones, who was a candidate on an in
dependent ticket, with a platform for
municipal ownership of public utilities,
has been elected by at least 5000 plu
rality and probably a majority over all.
The contest was marked by great
spirit, but no arrests were made and no
disturbances were reported. The vote
being heavy the count is slow, but the
returns seem to show that the regular
Republican ticket, except for Mayor,
has been elected by a close vote.
• At 10 o'clock the Jones management
had heard unofficially from nearly
every precinct in the city and they give
Jones a plurality of 5000.
They state that their candidate will
have a majority over all others and
they concede that the Republican nom
inees, except for Mayor, are elected.
John Farley Elected.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. April 8.-John H.
Farley (D.) was elected Mayor over Rob
ert E. McKission (R.), incumbent,
.to-day by a plurality of about 3600..
The first returns indicated a much
.greater victory for Farley, but his plural
ity was cut down by later returns. The
remainder of the Republican ticket, in
cluding City Treasurer, Police Judge, Po
lice Prosecutor, Justice and four mem
bers of the School Council elected at
large, will have substantial pluralities.
Tin Republicans will control the City
Council.
McKisson's defeat was due to the de
fection of Republicans who voted against
him because of his bolt from Senator
Hanna and his party during the contest
before the Legislature a year ago last
winter. The whole ticket suffered some
INFECTED CLOTHES
STOLEN AT CHICAGO
Two Suits TaKen by a Thief
May Cause a Smallpox
Epidemic.
CHICAGO, April 3.— One Chicago thief has stolen more than he bar
gained for. He is in possession of two suits of clothes infected with viru
lent smallpox. The suits were taken from a clothes line at 777 North
Clark street Saturday evening. They belong to C. W. Gassert, one of
the disinfectors of the health department. Gassert spent Saturday in
working among- the colored population of Chicago's smallpox infected
district. When he went home he hung the suit he had been wearing
and another one which he was to fumigate, on the clothes line in the
rear of the house. Sunday morning he went to get the garments to sub
ject them to disinfection, but they were gone. The health department
is much perturbed, as it fears the clothes, which were new and of good
quality, may be pawned and purchased and the disease widely spread
by the new owner, thereby causing an epidemic.
what on account of the opposition to Mc-
Kisson, but net enough to defeat any of
the Other candidates. The election was
orderly in most respects. The vote was
very heavy and the count was somewhat
delayed, but practically all the returns
uic In at midnight.
Republicans Win at Marquette.
MARQUETTE, Mich.. April 3.— The Re
publican State and judicial tickets won in
this county by about 500 majority. Neid
hart, citizen candidate for Mayor, was
elected here. Andrews, labor candidate,
was ekctcd in Ishpeming by 500 majority.
The Result in Findlay.
FINDLAY, Ohio. April 3.— The Republi
cans elect their entire city ticket by about
850 majority. They also elect six out of
eight Councilmen, with a tie in one ward,
being a Republican gain of two.
GES, OTIS
FENDS THE
REBEL ARMY
Continued from First Page.
very discouraging effect upon the na
tives who have been following Aguin
aldo.
It is evident by the references which
Genera] Otis makes to reeonnoitering
parties that he is having the country
thoroughly covered and that the in
formation which they are giving him
is the ba?i? of the dispatch received to
day. It is believed that desertions will
soon deplete the army of Aguinaldo to
little or nothing.
That portion of the dispatch relating
to the Visayans refers to the opera
tions of which Iloilo is the base. The
group includes Panay, Bohol, Cebu, Ne
and other islands of less import
ance. The rebellion against the United
States authorities was not very serious
in these- islands, being stirred up by
emissaries of Aguinaldo at Iloilo. The
ant defeat of Aguinaldo's forces
north of Manila has no doubt had a de-
Ing effect on other insurrection
ists.
CALLS UPON FILIPINOS
TO LAY DOWN ARMS
MANILA, April 4.— Thf> Philippine
Commission, which is composed of
nel Charles Denby, Professor J. G.
Schurman of Cornell University and
Professor Dean C. Worcester, has is
sued a proclamation to the residents of
the island calling upon <hem to lay
down their arms and follow peaceful
avocations. An extract from the pub
n is as follows:
In the meantime the attention of the
pie is invited to certain
•.live principles by which the United
3 will bo guidr-d in its relations with
then:. Followipf vied of cardinal
importance: '
p^irst— The supremacy of the United
Statea must and will be enforced through
out every part of the archipelago and
those who resist it can accomplish no end
other than their own ruin.
. Most ample liberty of self-gov
ernment will be granted to the Philip
pine people which is reconcilable with
th<- maintenance of a wise, just, stable,
tive and economical administration
• i )>:.blir affairs and compatible with the
sovereign and international rights ani
of the T'nited States.
Third— Civil rights of the Philippine peo
ple will be guaranteed and protected to
the fullest extent, religious freedom as
. and all persons shall have equal
standing before the law. ■
Fourth— Honor, justice and friendship
forbid the use of the Philippine people or
Islands as object or means of-expliut.i
tion.' The purpose of the American Gov
ernment is the welfare and advancement
of the Philippine people.
RACING AT BENNINGS.
Arlington Stakes for Two-Year-Olds
Won by King Thistle.
WASHINGTON, April 3.— The racing
season in the East was opened at Ben
nings to-day. The weather was wintry,
though clear, and the attendance did not
exceed 1200. The defeat of the Morris
two-year-olds In the Arlington Btakes was
the surprise of the day. Jockey Joe
rer was granted a license to-day,
arnl Jockey "Bob" Sullivan, who was re
fused a license by the Western Turf Con
gress, was permitted to ride. Track fast.
Six furlongs— rrpstifligitatric won, Danforth
second, General Mart Gary third. Time, 1:16.
The Arlington sta!«r?. two-year-olds, half
mllr- Kins Thiftip won. 'l ne Hobby second,
Prestidigitator third. Time, :50 2-5.
Th>- Cuter ;-tf>»ijlerhas«> for t'.>ur-year-oMs
and upward, about two niiU-f — Haby Bill won.
Red Hackle ttcond, Vanity Fair third. Time,
4:1!'.
Two-year-old?, half milp— Contestor won, Spe
cific iccond, Prectlge third. Time. :M.
Mile arid forty yanlp— Nosey won. Sensational
second. Judge Magee third. Time, 1:48.
1.1 'j ILK iCicK, Ark., April 3.— Weather
■
First nice, selling, six furlongs— Myosotis
won, Thanksgiving second, Forget-Not third.
Time, 1:171*.
ad r.a<<\ four furlongs— Lampllghted won,
S<hniM! Stauffer second. Fine Shot third.
Time, r.'.i.
Third race, sellln?, six furlong*— Arllneton
won Braw Lad eecorrl, Tony Honlg third.
Time, 1:17.
Fourth race, the Pine Bluff stakes for two-
Ms, four furlongs— Flaunt won. Chose
Straw ppcond, Aberdale third. Time. :60. Ur-n
--hrtff'-e fell at the turn and was afterward
dei>tro
Fifth race, selling, seven furlongs—Jaek
l wnn, Eltholin second, Farondel third.
Time, t:SIH- •
Sixth race, mile, selling— Wilson won, Ran
sun second. Savarin third. Tlnie, 1:45.
The Lancashire Handicap.
LONDON, April 3.— The Lancashire
handicap steeplechase of 2000 sovereigns
at Manchester to-day was won by Breu
mont's Pride. Gentile was second and
Lotus Lith third. Distance three and a
half milts. Sixteen horses ran.
Alleged Incendiary Held.
WOODLAND, April 3.— The preliminary
examination of Chris itemlaw, charged
with an attempt to fire the Snowbull
warehouse at Knights Landing, has been
held, and the defendant remanded to
answer before the Superior Court.
Engaged for a Lecture.
WOODLAND. .April 3.— Dr. Silcox has
been engaged by the Woodland lecture
Bureau to deliver the last lecture of the
series on Saturday, April 8.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 4, 1899.
DUTY OK LUMBER
SHOULD REMAIN
Great Industry Needs
Protection.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, April 3.— United States
Senator Addison C. Foster, after spend
ing several weeks investigating in the
East and Middle West sentiment as to
the attitude of the joint high commis
sion on the lumber and coai tariffs and'i
the Alaska boundary question, has re
turned to his home in this city. He
says:
"I am of the opinion that theo-emoval
I of the duty on lumber is one, of the
most important concessions sought by
i England. In fact, while the desired
( pert of entry to the northern gold fields
j is much in demand among Canadians
and Englishmen, I rather incline to the
opinion that a satisfactory adjustment
|of the lumber and coal schedules is
; equally, if not more so, in demand. On
my way west I consulted with various
'. Senators and Congressmen on this sub
ject and I rind, all things considered,
■ that our lumber people in all parts of
the United States are inclined to yield
! a little in this matter provided the tar
iff on lumber, and coal, also, if possible,
could be made part of the treaty. Lum
bering is a great industry and we could
not for a moment consider the proposi
tion to remove the tariff altogether.
"The lumbermen, as a rule, would
willingly make a reduction on the tariff
from $2 to $1 60 a thousand provided
• that rate were made a part of the
treaty and thereby became permanent
as long as the tr< aty lasts. This would
| constitute a reduction of 20 per cent in
the lumber tariff as now in force."
Senator Foster is opposed to making
' reductions in the tariff on lumber on
Bp< cial grades. This, in his oponion,
would not prove satisfactory and would
; be certain to result in abuses of the
privileges granted. He strongly favors
' the joint high commission, or, at least,
! the American membi rs thereof, visiting
; the Pacific Northwest and making a
trip of inspection to Alaska. He has
already Invited a number of friends t>>
I the coast and believes much more rea
sonable anil Just terms could be ag
! upon if the members of the commission
were thoroughly posted by a personal
' inspection regarding the conditions ex
isting here and in Alaska.
Senator Foster urges the policy of
expansion as being a part of the com
mercial necessities of the age. He
holds that the United States must ex
pand commercially to hold its place
' with the great powers of the world and
that the Orient is the only great field
: for expansion of this kind.
CHARLES Ay GLIDDEN
DIES AT MARYSVILLE
MARYSVILLE, April 3.— Charles A. j
Glidden, a fiutter County capitalist, :
' breathed his last at his home near li ir
keys Corners last night. News of his j
death came as a surprise to his friends,
; who only yesterday were told that his
\ condition had become greatly improved
i under the treatment by Ran Francisco
specialists. He had been ailing with i
stomach, liver and heart troubles for a j
; long time. He arrived home from a two
months' stay in San Francisco last Satur- \
1 day at noon, accompanied by his daugh
ter, Mrs. Charles Stone.
Xesterday Mr. Glidden appeared in ex
cellent spirits and apparently relished his
evening meal. After supper he went to j
the parlor, where he remained until about I
9 o'clock, when he retired to his room
Half an hour later Mrs. Stone heard a
queer noise proceeding from her father's <
Bleeping apartment. She hastened to j
his room and found him in a swoon, from
which he did not rally, ilyir.K in a few !
minutes. His physician had warned him |
that his heart affection would -cause sud- i
den death and he was prepared for the j
crisis.
Tin- deceased was a native of Maine and
63 years of age. The surviving relatives
are three sons— Charles 1,. (Hidden and j
Ben R. Glidden of San Francisco/and Eu- !
gene F. Glidden of Butter County— and \
two daughters, Mrs. G. B. Baldwin and '
Mrs. Charles Stone, both of San Fran
cisco. Other relatives reside in Rox
bury, Mass., and vicinity.
Mr. Glidden located in Marysviile in the
early fifties. For a time he was engaged |
In teaming to the mountains and later
engaged in the undertaking business.
Subsequently Mr. Glidden became pos- |
pessed of the farming lands on which he i
re-fided at the time of hi? death. He was j
a successful business man, a good citizen,
a stanch friend and a kind, considerate
parent. He was a stockholder in and a
ii. ember of the h<>;ird "f directors of the
Northern California Bank of Savings of
this city.
The funer.nl will take place from St.
Joseph's Church on Wednesday after- i
noon at 2 o'clock. The burial will occur
in the family plat at the Catholic Ceme
tery.
RESIGNATION OF
THE GREEK MINISTRY
ATHENS, April 3.— A committee of the
Chamber of Deputies having declared
that the election of M. Zaimis, the presi
dent of the Council of Ministers and Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, was invalid, ow
ing to bribery and intimidation, the Cab
inet after to-day's meeting resigned.
King George has accepted the resigna
tion of the Cabinet.
The Greek Ministry which has just re
signed, constituted on October 80,
was composed of the following Ministers:
President of the Council and Minister
of Foreign Affairs, M. Zaimis.
Minister of the Interior, M. Korpas.
Minister of Justice, M. Toman.
Minister of Finance, M. Streit.
Minister of Marine, Captain Hadji Ky
riacos.
Minister of War, General Salmonskf.
Minister of Public Instruction, M. I'an
agiolopoulos.
Sherman and Hobart.
WASHINGTON, April B.— Ex-Secretary
Sherman continues to gain in health.
, Vice-President Hobart barely holds his
own. He transacts a litUe business each
day, but needs a rest.
ALL DEPENDS
ON THE TOTE
FOR ALTGELD
Chicago's Peculiar Mayoralty
Contest Will Be Decided
To-Day.
CANDIDATES' CLAIMS
Adherents of Harrison and Carter
Are Hopeful and There Is Promise
of Bloodshed at the Polls.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, April 3.— The vote to be
polled by John P. Altgeld in the Mayor
alty election to-morrow is admitted by
all parties to be a most undecided fac
tor, and yet it is the thing upon which
all three candidates— Harrison (Demo
crat), Carter (Republican), and Altgeld
(Independent Democrat) are basing
their hopes of final success. The Alt
geld men say that their candidate, who
is standing upon the Chicago platform,
will secure the straight Silver Demo
cratic vote, and will certainly be
elected. They allow him 140,000 votes.
In the headquarters of the Harrison
faction to-night there is the greatest
confidence. They say that there is not
the slightest doubt of the Mayor's re
election. They give him 180,000 votes,
as against 100,000 for Carter and 30,000
for Altgeld. In the Republican camp
the estimate is: Carter, 130,000; Harri
son, 120,000, *nd Altgeld, 80,000. They
claim that Altgeld will draw enough
votes from Harrison to elect Carter be
yond a doubt. The Democrats agree
that there will be something of a de
fection in the Harrison ranks in view
of Altgeld, but say that the votes to
come to Harrison from the Republican
ranks will more than offset whatever
he will lose by the candidacy of Alt
geld. '
The sober discussion is, however, in
all the headquarters that there has
been seldom, if ever, an election in
Chicago so difficult to forecast with ac
curacy as this one. Not one of the par
ties has made an attempt to poll votes
prior to election and their estimates
are for the most part guesswork. It is
admitted on all sides that the size of
the Altgeld vote will determine the re
sult. If he secures close to 100,000 votes
It means the election of Carter, the
Republican candidate. If he has under
40,000, and the estimates run all the
way" between the figures, Harrison will
be elected. If Altgeld has much over
100,000 he is likely to be elected, but the
majority of politicians in both the
Democratic and Republican rank? Bay
that they have little fear of his elec
tion. It is the way his vote is to turn
the final result that is disturbing them.
The Republicans .are expecting
trouble at the polls to-morrow r in sev
eral wards particularly in the First and
Eighteenth. They say the Democrats
have "colonized" extensively; that they
know the "colonists," and under no cir
cumstances will they be permitted to
vote.
The Democracy in the wards men
tioned deny any illegal work and say
every Democrat who comes to the polls
shall cast his vote.
The Michigan Election.
DETROIT, Mich., April 3.-To-day's
election in Michigan has not shown any
marked change in the general political
complexion of the State, which is nor
mally Republican, but the result show*
quite heavy Democratic gains in some or
the larger cities, notably so in Detroit,
Grand Rapids, Saginaw, Jackson and
Kalamazoo. On a generally light vote the
Republicans hold their own in the smaller
and throughout the rural districts.
Circuit Judges were elected in thirty-six
judicial districts. Of these about 'two
thirds of the new Judges, who are elected
for the six-year terms, are Republicans.
The Republicans re-elected Judge C. B
Grant as Justice of the Supreme Court
by a majority of at least 20,000. They
also elected Henry S. Dean and Eli S.
Sutton as Regents of Michigan University
by somewhat greater majorities.
Elections in Montana.
ANACONDA, Mont., April 3.— The re
sult of the Butte election is a majority
of about iiftO for McCarthy, the Demo
cratic candidate for Mayor. The Repub
licans elect the. City Treasurer, Police
Magistrate and four or five of the eight
Aldermen. In Miasoula Webster (R.) is
re-elected Mayor and a Republican ma
jority in the Cnuncll is elected. Collins
(R.) la elected Mayor of Great Falls; the
Council is Democratic. Anaconda elects
the entire Democratic city ticket, except
Police M-agistrate. In Livingston a
Democrat is elected Mayor, with practic
ally the entire Democratic ticket. Alward
(R.i is elected Mayor of Bozeman. The
Democrats elected one Alderman. The
Citizens' ticket was successful in Miles
City, with Andrews elected Mayor.
Keokuk Goes Democratic.
KEOKUK, lowa, April 3.— The Demo
crats carried the city by 75, electing
Mayor, Marshal, Judge and four Alder
men. The Council stands divided evenly
with a Democratic Mayor, making the
city administration Democratic. The Re
publicans won two years ago by 125.
AMERICANS IN NEED OF
PROTECTION AT BLUEFIELDS
NEW YORK, April 3.— A New Orleani
special to the Sun says: At a meeting held
this evening by the New Orleans mer
chants engaged in the Central American
trade. E. H. Merrick and Mr. Steinhart
of the Bluefields Banana Company and
Julius Friedlander of the New Orleans
and Central American Trading Company
were appointed a committee to go to
Washington to lay before the President a
statement of the condition of affairs in
Nicaragua and to ask him to send a man
of-war thither and intervene for the pro
tection of American interests. The com
mittee left for Washington soon after the
meeting.
The meeting was held in consequence
of a cable dispatch received from Blue
fields, Nicaragua, via Port Limon, Costa
Kica, to which place it was taken by
water in order to escape the censorship
of the Nicaraguan Government. The dip
patch said that General Torres, Governor
of the coast province, had made a de
mand on American merchants and steam
snip companies for payment a second
time of all customs duties paid by them
to the de facto government during the
.1 revolution. In case of refusal, he
announced that he would take military
possession of all American stores and
hold them. The American merchants pro
test to the UnKed States against this ac
tion as ruinous to interests representing
millions of dollars of investment.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If it falls to cure.
He The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
CANADA IS NOW
WITHOUT DEFENSES
General Hutton Declares the Do
minioo Has No Army Worthy
of the Name.
BUFFALO, N. T., April 3.— A special from Quebec says: It is now
publicly admitted that the Dominion of Canada is without defenses, and
has no army worthy of the name. This statement is made upon the au
thority of the head of the supposed army, the general who commands
it. General Hutton is a first-class imperial officer who has seen active
service in various parts of the empire, notably in Egypt, where he has
served with Gordon, Wood and Kitchener. He has been newly appoint
ed to the command of the Canadian forces, and his first official report
upon the condition of the supposed army has created more than a mild
sensation, both in military, civil and political circles in Canada. The
general declines to speak of the force at all as an army. In fact, he de
clares that it is not an army.
STATUS OF THE
NATIONAL GUARD
Orders Regulating the
Reorganization.
Special Dispatch The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 3.— Adjutant-
General Peeler has issued an order base,d
upon the provisions of an act of the re
cent Legislature relative to the status of
National Guardsmen who served as vol
unteers of the United States In the war
with Spain. According to the Adjutant-
General's order, those officers and en
listed men belonging to the National
Guard at the outbreak of the war and
who did not volunteer therein and whose
terms of service have not yet expired,
will report for duty with their respective
organizations and will be permitted to
serve out their terms of service, unless
sooner discharged.
The order states that those officers ami
enlisted men belonging to the National
Guard at the beginning of the war and
whose terms of service have expired
eince May 6, 1898, and who have been pre
vented by conditions arising out of the
war from re-entering the' National
Guard, will be permitted to re-enter the
guard, as follows:
The officers as such— if re-elected— and
the enlisted men if they re-enlist prior
to or on the date of the reporting by
their company or organization for duty
and shall have passed the required phys
ical examination.
Should ans' company not have the min
imum number (fifty) required by law to
report for duty, its ranks may be re
cruited up to the requisite number. Elec
tions of officers will be ordered by the
proper officers as soon as the organiza
tion has reported for duty. The thru- for
the re-entry into the National Guard of
the officers and. members of the National
Guard of California who entered tht; vol
unteer service but have not yet been dis
charged therefrom will be announced in
future orders.
LONDON RACE-GOERS
CHEER TOD SLOAN
LONDON, April 3.— ln the race for the
Rendelsham two-year-old stakes at
Hampton Park to-day Vac Victis, ridden
by Tod Sloan, was first, Mercenary sec
ond and Nuska third. Ten horses start
ed. The Rendelsham stakes are of 200
sovereigns, added to a sweepstake of
five sovereigns each; distance five fur
longs on t'e straight course. The bet
ting previous to the start was 3 to 1
against Vac Victis.
it was Sloan's first appearance before
the London racing public and he divided
the honors with Cecil Rhodes, the South
African magnate. It being a bank holi
day, the attendance at Kempton Park
was. immense. Mr. Rhodes was recog
nized by many, but Sloan's appearance
before and after his victory was the sig
nal for a tempest of cheers never equaled
on an English course.
WARLIKE PREPARATIONS
MADE BY NORWAY
LONDON, April 4.— The Daily Mall's
correspondent at Gothenberg, Sweden, re
ferring to the warlike preparations of
Norway, says:
"The only possible object of these prep
arations is to attack Sweden, whose de
fenses and armaments are inferior and
whose infantry are armed with obsolete
weapons. Should the Norwegian fleet at
tack Gothenberg the city must inevitably
fall."
BONNEAU VINDICATED.
SAN RAFAEL, April 3.-The prophecy
that ex-County Clerk Bonneau would re
ceive a vindication on the allegation of
defalcation In office at the hands of the
Board of Supervisors was fulfilled to
d;iy. Individually the board scoffed at
the thought that a man who had cred
itably filled tho position of County Cle-rk
for fourteen years would descend to the
taking of a paltry $123 out of the treas
ury and. take thirteen years in which to
do it. The attention of the board was
drawn to the matter hy a communication
from District Attorney Mclsaac contain
ing the fact as published.
Mr. Brinneau was on hand and told how
the discrepancies occurred. He said the
law required all marriage certificates to
be recorded within thirty days after the
ceremony and its non-observance led to
the trouble. County Clerk Graham cer
tified that Mr. Bonneau had had the books
experted and made good me shortage.
The board placed all documents on file
and dropped the case at* once. Chairman
Barr said after the session that Bon
neau's explanation was fully satisfactory
and the circumstances warranted the
matter being pusheS no farther.
PRINTING-HOUSE COMBINE.
LOS ANGELES, April 3.— A printing
house combine, which has taken in nearly
all the job printing establishments in Los
Angeles, has been formed here. During
the last eighteen rtionths rumblings of the
approaching storm have been heard. Big
printing houses have been compelled to
decrease their dividends owing to en
croachment of the small offices on their
business. The, formation of the trust be
gan about three months ago. All but six
of the forty printing establishments are
in the combine. Each member of the
trust has given a bond of $50 to be paid
in case of infringement of the rules gov
erning prices. One of the results of the
combination has been the knocking out of
the union label, which has been used in
all union offices during the last three
years. Non-union offices refused to enter
the combine unless the union label was
abolished.
HUNTINGTON'S NEW LINE.
NEW ORLEANS, April 3.— C. P. Hunt
ington's agent left on the steamer this
evening for Port Barrios, Guatemala, to
I complete the purchase of the Guatemala
and Northern Railroad, on which there is
I a break of sixty miles between Port Bar
rios and Guatemala City. This break will
be completed by Huntinßton, and with
the line to San Jose that he has also pur
chased, will give him a line to the Pacific.
The road will be operated in connection
with a line of steanurs from New Oii.;i>is
which will run to Port Barrios in two and
! a half days, giving Huntmgton a line by
water and rail from New Orleans to the
Pacific in four day?.
Artists' materials, hous*> and floor paints
and fine bath enamels, cheap, at Sanborn
& Tail's, 741 Market street. •
AGAIN FEEDING AT
THE PUBLIC CRIB
Boarder Mackenzie Once
More "On Earth."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 3.— The announce
ment of the appointment of John D.
Mackenzie as chief deputy by Ccipnty
Auditor Thomas F. Morrison has
caused consternation among the tax
payers and citizens of this city and
county. The Rea forces were over
whelmingly defeated at the last elec
tion and the reform parties thought the
ex-Game Warden was ousted from thy
public crib for good. Instead, Macken
zie, who for years has been ex-Boss
Rea's lieutenant, has landed on his feet
again. This time he is cold-blooded in
his demands, and has made Auditor
Morrison create a place especially for
him.
When Auditor Veuve's death occurr
ed a couple of weeks ago Mackenzie de
manded the place of the Supervisors,
who had the filling of the vacancy. Su
pervisors Rea and Austin consented,
but Supervisor Stern demurred. Stern,
who owes his position to the gang,
pleaded with Mackenzie not to insist
on haying the place. He said it would
kill him politically and ruin his busi
ness as a dealer in harness and saddles.
Stern consented to vote for any one
Mackenzie would name and suggested
Morrison, who he said would make
Rea's lieutenant a deputy. This bar
gain was finally clinched. Mrs. Veuve,
the widow of the late Auditor, had
many friends, and they insisted on her
being made a deputy. Morrison con
sented to this.
Morrison was appointed by the Su
pervisors and to-day he appointed both
Mrs. Veuve and Mackenzie as deputi-s.
Heretofore the Auditor has not had |
any deputies. The salary is $4000 a
year. Out of this it is said Mrs. Veuve
will get $1000 and Mackenzie and Mor
rison will divide the balance equally.
This partnership will give Santa Clara
County three servants instead of one
at the old salary.
Morrison is also Police and Fire Com
missioner, and if this alleged co-part
nership extends to this office there still
remains plenty of work for the reform
forces of the Good Government League,
Democrats and Populists.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
General John L. Beveridge a Candi-
date for Governor of the Santa
Monica Home.
WASHINGTON", April 3.—Representa
tive Boutelle of Illinois was at the White
House to-day with General John L. Beve
ridge, former Governor of Illinois, now a
resident of California. General Beveridge
is a candidate for the vacant governor
ship of the Soldiers' Home at Santa
Monica, Cal., and the vacancy will be/
filled at a meeting of the Board of Man
agers of National Homes for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers, to be held at Fortress
Monroe, beginning April 5.
By direction of the Acting Secretary of
War Major John L. Clem, quartermaster
United States army, on being relieved of
his duties at Portland, Or., by Major
Joshua W. Jacobs, will proceed to San
Juan, Porto Rico, and report in person to
the commanding general. Department of
Porto Rico, for assignment to duty as
chief quartermaster of that department
and to such other duties as the depart
ment commander may designate, to re
lieve Major John \V. Pullman, quarter
master Lnited States army. Major Clem
was last week ordered to Manila, but this
order has ben revoked. Captain William
M. Ekin, assistant quartermaster. United
States volunteers, will proceed from An
niston, Ala., to San Francisco, and report
in person to Major Oscar F. Long, quar
termaster T'nited States volunteers, gen
eral superintendent of the Army Trans
port Service, for instructions, and pro
ceed thence to Manila on the transport
sailing about April 15, In charge of public
property thereon, and on arrival there
will report in person to the commanding
general. Department of the Pacific, for
assignment to duty as assistant quarter
master under his direction.
The special order is amended so as to
direct Acting Assistant Surgeon George
K. Sims, United States army, to accom
pany the battalion of the Sixth United
States Artillery to Honolulu.
The discharge from the service of the
United States of the following enlisted
men, by the commanding officer of the
Presidio, San Francisco, is confirmed'
Private Percy W. Shields, Battery A,
California Volunteer Artillery; Corporal
George M. Davidson and Private Alix
Anderson, First Troop, Nevada Volun
teer Cavalry; Private Otto Pearson,
Wyoming Volunteer Light Battery; Ser
geant Eugene Davie, Privates George C.
Robinson and Louis H. Houser, Company
B: John E. Watson, Company C; Musician
Charles E. Ingels, Company D; Privates
Jacob R. Shields, Company E, William H.
Dewitt. Company G. and Sergeant Fred
W. Koenig, Company L, Twentieth Kan
sas Volunteer Infantry.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California, original— John A. Maddox,
Fresno, $fi. Increase— Charles F. Mead,
San Francisco, $6 to $8; William C.
Neagle, San Diego, $14 to $17. Original
widows, etc.— Theresa Johnson. San Fran
cisco, $8; Margaret Surratt, San Fran
cisco, $s.
Washington. original— Edwin Laney,
Pullman. $8. Increase— Columbus Delano.
Dryad, $10 to $12. Original widows, etc.—
Mary J. Swim. Linden. $v
Oregon original— Thomas H. Holcomb,
Amity, $8. ,
ASSAULTED AND KILLED
IN A MORTUARY CHAMBER
Girl Murdered in the Midst of a
Number of Bodies Awaiting
Burial.
SAT.SBT'RG. Austria, April 3.— The body
of a 12-year-okl girl named Offinger has
been found in the mortuary chamber of
tin- cemetery in this city. An investiga
tion showed that she had been criminally
ass, Milted and murdered in the midst fo
a number of bodies awaiting burial. The
perpetrator of the crime has not been dis
covered.
SHE WAS IN
CONSTANT FEAR
The Sad Condition of a
Prominent Lady of
Newark.
CONSTANT DREAD OF IMPENDING DEATH.
' SHE TELLS OF HER DELIVERANCE.*
How many men and women there are
who suffer from functional heart dis-
ease and how pleasing it is to know
that a remedy has been found that re-
duces the fatalities from this dreaded
disease to a minimum. Here comes the
interesting story of Miss Florence Mer-
ritt, a prominent young lady of New-
ark, N. J. She says:
I was all run down in health and as
• pale as death. My eyes were sunken, and
my cheeks were hollow. Had no appetite
and was so weak that I could hardly drag
myself around. I suffered from heart
disease, complicated with stomach trou-
ble, and feared that every day would be
my last. A friend advised me of the great
Hudyan remedy, and I took it. I am to-
day a perfect picture of health. Hudyan
Is an honest and reliable remedy and. will
cure. MISS FLORENCE MERRITT.
Such praise as the above comes to us
every day. Hudyan is curing men and
women in every State of this great
Union. ' Hudyan cures because it
reaches every nerve and tissue in the
human organism. If you suffer . from
stomach disorder, Hudyan will act
upon the mucous membrane and will
stimulate the gastric follicles to action.
If you suffer from liver trouble, Hud-
yan will correct the action of this large
gland, will divert the bile from the
blood into its proper channels, thus re-
lieving the bowels. If you are a victim
of kidney disease, Hudyan will assist
their action, which is to take from the
blood the impurities that poison the
system and breed disease. If your
nervous system is wrecked, it matters
not the cause, and you suffer from
weakness, dizzy spells, sleeplessness,
loss of appetite, and the many other
symptoms due to a broken-down nerv-
ous system, Hudyan is an invigorant
that never fails. If you are weak and
emaciated, you will find Hudyan to be
| a splendid tonic. You will not be dis-
| appointed in Hudyan.
Hudyan is for sale by druggists, or
■will be sent direct upon receipt of
I price, 50c a package or six packages for
Is 2 50. Call on or write the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAX FRANCISCO, CAL..
You May Consult the Hudyan Doctors Free.
CALL OR WRITE.
SECOND SUCCESSFUL TEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE, AIR IN EVERT ROOM IS SATUR-
ATED with a germicide. The patient lives
,in an' atmosphere that positively. ' kills the
! germ of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to th«
weakening night sweats and cough. . Tempera-
ture falls to normal, and four weeks" treat-
ment invariably Increases weight from six to
twenty pounds.
The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist,
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "I
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
Im- Not Im-I
: Character No. Cured, proved, proved. Total.
I Ist Stage.. 34 29 5 0 84 -
2d Stage.. 36 12 22 2 38
3d Stage.. 30 8 12 15 JO
The Sanatorium is owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co., practicing the
Antiseptic Germicial Inhalation treatment for
i diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
physicians and nurses are in attendance. The
Sanatorium is lighted by gas and heated by
steam and open fires. The — over 100 In
number— are cheerful, sunny and. well fur-
| nished. Many suites have private baths.
i The Sanatorium is delightfully located, nlna
: miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelve
acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
j liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
are free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
j lars, together with our pamphlet, containing
I views of the Sanatorium and surroundings and
I our methods of treatment, will be mailed free
! on application.
! Address all inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
i TORIUM CO.. San Qabrlel. Cal.
The advanced and chron- ■■ iim _ujjh_i
1c form of WtFfrZA LV s
NASAL CATARRH pfeg^J
I Is the causo of other dls- &§&%&?&**£'*
eases. ■«-,.'.- fu«r L . P ,!?O/fe k «5 fI EAD
Ely's Cream Balm £f 'VWij
Is recognized as a specific I j' **4? fi9
for diseases of the mem- .^■fcf*^
brane In the nasal pass- SaiSaL— -"«S!R>iilß
ages. Resort to its use If SHBBirvCt3ssC3B
you would be cured. Hfliir \»yi<wr«nfj
Cream Balm is placed into nostrils, spread*
over the membrane and Is absorbed. Relief It
Immediate and a cure follows. It Is not drying
—does not produce sneezing. Large Size, 50c;
at Druggists or by mall; Trial Size, 10c, by
mall.
ELY BROTHERS. 56 "Warren Street. New York.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
DOXOTDESPAIR! DonotSuf.
/wSgSHfIL fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
«53^*5 n life can be restored to you. The very
Sf 99 worst cases of Xervouo Debility are
a absolutely DESPAIR ! Do not Suf-
fer Longer! The Joys and ambitiono of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of »nou« Debility are
absolutely cured by PERFECTO
JS? j) gas TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
VHk "^1 aomnia. failing memory and the waste
tsß\£i3gG&3r nnd drain of vital powers, incurred by
'I Wur indiscretions or excesses of early years.
»- \»ss>'»- Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Givo .4I»V bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /-*«\ young or old.
One 50e box renews vital energy, gills boxes at
50 a complete guaranteed cure Tsrtry or money re-
, funded. Can be carried In vest pocket. Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
I Vice by TIIF PKRFR'TO CO.. <>-„> >11.1r.. Chicago, 111.
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. 8. F. and Oakland.
g£g3g|Dß. HALL'S REIiNVIGORATOR
■^Ja g^ Five hundred reward for any
f*" l^ B f case we cannot cure. This secret
SDR. HALL'S REIN losses in 24
Five hundred reward for any
case we cannot cure. This secret
remedy stops all losses In 24
ftifM W* hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
jjp 7^Y tency, Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea.
sg(* -ia Gleet, Fits. Strictures, Lost
flmfi ■ gS , Manhood and all wasting effect*
Bh.-.-.i..,,--.,^? of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
1 sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTI-
TUTE, 865 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for
■ale at IOTSVi Market St., S. F. All private dis-
eases quickly cured. Send for free book.
JhT~~T^ RUPTURE.
WLv i/ V JM USE NO MORE IRON
aS/BB&Sdi^mHr Hoops or Steel Sprinn.
if'JKPsSErir'^ Rupture retained with ea»«
«^<^MK!?i- and comfort, and thousands radl-
H /ML cally CURED by DR. PIERCE 1 a
% />Bf Magnetic Elastic Truss. (ET Call at
ytetfer c flee or write for New Pamphlet No.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
£20 lUu-Jtet st-,opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
Q Vi»it OR, JORDAN'S Great
jfSig Museum of Anatomy
£ p|fi \ ST. M. 6th * 7th, S. P. C»L
Sf /LS^ H The Largest of Us kind in the World.
ifwl a. DR " DAN — Private Diseases.
g.V\*^J7 Rk ConiaUatloa free. Write for Book
\\ 1 of Marriage.
" ■» HAILED rRKI> •
■ ■ ■ : :VALIDITY OF WAR
REVENUE LAW IS
FULLY SUSTAINED
United States Supreme Court
Upholds the Right of Congress
to Impose the Tax.
WASHINGTON, April Much interest
was manifested by lawyers and others in
the decision of the cases in the United
States Supreme Court to-day involving
the validity of the war revenue law. The
opinion v- La handed down by Justice
Peckham, who orally announced on a bare
summary of the written document. The
opinion, as prepared for preservation,
took up the various phases of the sub
ject, holding the law constitutional as ap
plied, not only to stock exchanges, but
to livestock yards as well, the principle
being the same in all cases.
The cases were those of James N. Young v«.
James Ames, United States Marshal; petition
for habeas corpus by George R. Nichols, peti
; tioner; Edwin S. Skillen, appellant, vs. the
Marshal, and Charles Hingwersen. plaintiff in
error, vs. the United States. The oases all
came from the Chicago ■:•■:.:' courts. These
cases involve especially the Invalidity of the
tax provided by the war revenue act upon sales
and contracts to sell merchandise upon* sx
changes, boards of trade or similar places. The
war revenue act •■< quires a memorandum to be
made of the transaction and a stamp .v:i\. J.
the amount of which is measured c>y the stand
ard of value. The cases of George K. Nicholu,
appellant: of Nichols, petitioner, and of Skil
len, appellant, present all the phases involved
In stock transactions on the Board ol Trade in
Chicago. The case of G. \V. Hlnperson In
volves the question whether the Union Stock
Yards of Chicago is an exchange or similar
place, making sales taxable. The court in us
opinion sustained the validity of the tax. ana
holds also that the stockyards is a place simi
lar to an exchange, making Its transactions
liable to the tax.
. The case was argued by ex-Secretary Car
lisle and Mr. Koblr.s of Chicago for the peti
tioners, and by J. K. Richards. Solicitor Gen
eral, lor the Government. Carlisle contended
that the tax on sales of exchanges is a direct
•tax. first, because It is virtually a tax upon the
property sold, and, second, because the tax
I cannot be shifted, but must be paid by the
teller on the exchange. It was also insisted
that it the tax Is an indirect tax It lacks uni
formity, because not imposed upon all sales
whenever made. The point was also made that,
if- an Indirect tax. it is a stamp tax on docu
ments, and that Congress has no power to re
quirr a written memorandum to be made upon
' transactions within a State for the purpose of
taxing such memorandums.
• The court, in its opinion, carefully discusses
all -these objections and overrules them. It
1. Ids that it is not a direct tax, but a duty
or excis-e laid upon the privilege, opportunity
or facility offered at boards of trade or ex
changes for the prosecution of the business
•mentioned in the act.
'•It i.«," the court further says, "not a tax
upon the members of the exchange nor upon
the membership therein, nor - it a tax upon
tales generally. The act limits the tax to sales
at any exchanse or board of trade or other
similar place, and Us fair meaning Is to im
jtfise a duty upon *hcse privileges or facilities
there found and made use of."
' The exceptional facilities offered at such
places affords, the court says, a just ground
lor classification for purposes of taxation by
Congress of transactions there. The flexible
'character of the taxing power and the possi
bility of adapting it to changing conditions is
described by the court, II distinctly holding
'That In order to tax a privilege or facility In
jured, it Is not necessary that it should be
" i reared by the Government, and the require
ment of a memorandum Is upheld because it
Ts necessary for the collection of a tax. The
tax Is pronounced uniform because it applies
to all " who enjoy the special privileges or
facilities Incident to the transaction of busi
ness at boards of trade and similar places.
Referring to the stockyards case, Justice
CRAZED BY THEIR
CEASELESS VIGIL
Salinas Man and Wife
Insane.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, April 3.— An extremely
is well as unusual case of mental
was disposed of in the
rior Court of this county to-day,
ohnson and his wife, who
ng strangely for several
re brought before Judge
this morning on an insanity
charge. I>rs. Edwards and Abbott pro
noum ad ordered them
Lsylum, whither
they will be taken to-morrow by the
riff.
the. Johnsons have
strangely. The au
• ral occasions
gone t<i the house to learn how serious
as, but, not believing
anything serious would take place, al
m to remain at their home. !
pie were respected
resident." in the western part of th<- city
and are the parents of five small
children, the oldest 8 years and the
youngest 7 months of age. It is cl;
hy many neighbors that it was through
ng attention to the baby, who has
-iime time, that the mis
ine was brought upon them. Be
: a religious turn of mind their
derangement was on that line.
i Ly two months past Johnson
and bis wife have been gradually be
; with the idea that they
to be punished for being 1 Irre-
So deep-rooted had this idea
that they commenced to pray
levote their entire time to relig
houghtß. Within the past week
■ ■■:.-. : did their talk
actions become that friends and
ame alarmed for the
children of the couple.
nal friends it has been
learned that for some weeks past the
has been subject to convulsions,
ami on last Wednesday suffered a se
attack, which almost proved fatal.
That evening Johnson made a remark
• ment Hh said his baby had
nd after having been dead several
. ; ; ; ied and restored
r . t nt to life. The child told him—
the aiu;el acquiesced in the state
ihat the baby was now irnmor
. vould never die. Mrs. Johnson
ted her husband's words and
told Ikt that on the sth
i her children would
; and thereafter they would
tal. Since then she has
unt left her bed.
Th< children will be taken care of by
• for the present and the
vinyls, now in session, are con-
Ing the advisability of engaging a
for ih< -in or sending them to the i
( ;6un( y I [ospital.
FACTORIES CONSOLIDATED.
Henry T. Oxnard Talks of His Beet
Sugar Interests.
LOB ANGELES, April 3.— Henry T.
... 11-known manufacturer of
r, "Was Interviewed to-day re
garding the r - ported sale of the four fac-
I of which ho is president. Mr. Ox
"The four sugar factories at
1 Oxnard in this State and at
Grand Island and Norfolk. Nebr., onch
..ndent organization. For
business re.'isons, it was thought best to
cansojidate into one company, of wh.'ch
I have been elected president The new
Peckham paid: "A perusal of the facts con
tained In the record of the case shows that
thpse yards serve all the purposes of an ex
change or a boRiM of trade, and they amount In
substance to the same thing. The differences
existing between them are insubstantial in bo
far as this point is concerned."
In the matfr nf the petition for a writ of
habeas corpus, the petition was denied, while
in the other cases the judgments of the lower
courts were affirmed.
In ppeaklnK of the general powers of Con
, to taxation, Justice Peckham said:
■•In searching for proper subjects of taxa
tion to raise moneys f,>r the support of the
Government, i">>ngress must have the ripht
The manner in which the business
of the country is actually transacted; how,
among oth^r thingo. the exchange of commodi
ties Is effected; what facilities tor the conduct
of business exist; what is their nature and how
they operate; and what, if a;iy, practicable and
recognizable distinction there may be between
a transaction which Is effected by means of
using certain facilities an.l one where such fa
cilities are not available to the parties to the
same kind of a transaction. Having the power
to recognize these various facts, it must also
i that Congress If Justified If not com
pelled in framing a statute relating to taxa
tlon to legislate with direct reference to the
r\isting conditions of trade and business
throughout the country and to the manner in
which they are carried on."
The Chicago Board of Trade is treated In the
opinion as a type of boards of trade all over
the country, the size of the chief institution
only serving to emphasize its importance.
"It Is common knowledge that these ex
changes encourage and promote honest and fair
dealing among their members: that they pro
vide penalties [or the violation of their rules
in that regard and that contracts between
members relating to business on the exchange
the advantage of the sanction provided by
the exchange for such purposes. • • • Nor is
there any doubt that these exchanges facilitate
exchanges of purchase and sale, and It would
seem that such facilities or privileges, even
though not granted by the Government or by
a State, ought nevertheless to be rec gnlzed as
existing facts and to be subject to the judg
ment of C.ngress .'us fit matters for taxation."
"The tax." he said, "is not a direct tax
within the meaning of the constitution, but it
Is in the nature of a duty or excise. The
amount o puch tax when imposed in a case
like this may be increased or diminished by
the extent to which the privilege or facility is
used, and It is fixed in this act by the value
Of the property transferred by means of uslni?
such privilege or facility; but this does not
make the tax a direct one. • * * We 't" not
see that any material difference exists \vh ■ n
lie is for future delivery. The thing agreed
to be sold Is th-» same, whether for Immediate
or future delivery."
On the point of discrimination It was re
marked that "a purchase occurs whenever a
sale Is effected. nr..l to say that a purchaser
at an exchanpe sale must be taxed for th"
facilities made use -' in making the purchase,
or else that the tax on the seller is void, is
pimply to insist upon doubling the tax. Nor <s
it necessary to tax the use of the privilege un
der all circumstances in order to render the
tnx valid upon Its use in particular cases. We
see no reason why it should be necessary to
tax a privilege whenever It Is used for any
purpose, or else not to tax It at all. It is not
In its nature indivisible. • • • In holding
that the tax under consideration is a tax on
the privilege used in making sales at an ex
change, we thereb- hold that it is not
upon the memorandum required by the
upon which the stamp is to be placed. The act
does no! assume in any manner to interfere
with the laws of the State in relation to the
contract -flf" sale. • • • Though Congress
might have adopted some other means for col
lecting the tax which would prove Ipsf trouble
some or annoying to the taxpayer, there can
purely be no reason for holding that the method
pet forth in th» act renders the 1 •! The
means must be a question for Congress alone."
company has taken In new capital, which
is now practically unlimited. But every
man in the original companies has an in
terest in the new company correspond
ing to his investment."
Mr. Oxnard further stated that the
American Sugar Refining Company did
not own a dollar's interest in the new or
ganization.
FORMATION OF A BIG
BAR IRON COMBINE
All the Manufacturers of Importance
West of Pittsburg Have En
tered the Trust.
CHICAGO, April 3.— The Record to
morrow will say: The combination of
manufacturers of merchant bar iron,
upon which Chicago promoters have been
at work for several weeks, is practically
consummated, and within a few days the
properties will be taken over by a cor
poration to be organized under the laws
of New Jersey. The title of the Republic
Steel and Iron Company has been sug
gested, although not fully decided upon.
The total capitalization "will be (55,000,000,
of which $25,000,000 will be in 7 per cent
cumulative preferred stock and $30,000 .ww
in common.
The properties include all the bar iron
manufacturers of importance west' of
Pittsburg, some of the largest being in
the Birmingham (Ala.) iron district. Ex
tensive iron mines in that section and in
the Mesaba range of the Lake Superior
copper district will be transferred.
The mills embraced have an annual out
put of over one million tons of merchant
bar iron. In addition to the rolling mill
property, there are six blast furnaces
with an annual ca'paclty of about 400,000
tons of pig iron.
A portion of the underwriting has been
tak^n in Chicago, but the New York In
terest will be the largest of outside capi
tal. The banking houses of Dominick &
I'U-kerman and William C. Sheldon & Co.
of that city have organized the under,
writing syndicate. The company will
have a cash working capital of $6,500,000
and all plants taken over will be free of
debt.
FIVE MEN KILLED
IN THREE ACCIDENTS
One "Unfortunate Fellow Pinned in a
Sewer and Talked With Rela
tives While Dying.
JOPLIN, Mo., April 3.— Five men were
kill.d in three accidents here to-day. The
following three were killed in a sewei
cave-In:
WILLIAM MINCIIE.
MARION M-JIGHBARGER.
WALTER BUNN, colored.
At the "Old Shoo" mine at Lone Elm,
Dan Carmine was knocked down the 120
--foot shaft and died soon afterward.
At the Missouri Lead and Zinc Com
pany's mine at Parr HiiV John Smith a
miner, was killed by a falling boulder
The three men w>rkin»z In the «ew«r
were entombed In the caving-in of the
sewer walls without warning. Mlnciie
and Bunn were buried under fifteen feet
of earth and killed outright. Xeighbar
ger was pinned againsi the sewer wall,
with head and shoulders exposed. He re
talned co.nsciousnc-.ss for some time and
talked with his father and sister while
workmen strained every effort to dig him
out, but he died while they worked with
hundreds of people helplessly looking on.
STOCKTON PRIMARIES.
Struggle of Municipal Factions at
the Polls To-Day.
STOCKTON, April 3.— Stockton will
hold a primary election to-morrow under
the new Stratton law, when delegates to
city conventions will be elected. The Re
publican convention is called for next.
Monday evening and the Democratic con
vention will be held at about the same
date. Considerable interest is being
taken in the Republican primaries and
the ward meeting! to choose tickets to
be voted for to-morrow, which are being
held to-night. Several tickets are in the
field. It is a struggle of factions and will
be fought out at the primaries.
Borne to the Grave.
MARYSVILLE, April 3.-The funeral of
M. Pierson, a pioneer furniture dealer,
occurred hero yesterday.
Old Dutch, Flemish, gray, carbon, Eng
lish and natural oak moldings for picture
frames In new and odd shapes at Sanborn
& V all's, 741 Market street. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 4, 1899.
TO SETTLE THE
SAMOAN TROUBLE
Work of Selecting Com
missioner Begun.
GREAT BRITAIN IN DOUBT
SALISBURY WANTS TO HAVE
FURTHER LIGHT.
Powers of the Commissioners and the
Manner of Reaching Decision
Are Points Yet Being
Argued.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"♦■♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
t ;:«f
j ♦ LONDON, April 4.— The Berlin ♦
; + correspondent of the Standard +
-f Bays: Mr. White, the American +
+ Embassador, expressed to me to- +
I + day his firm conviction that the +
•♦• w hole Samoan question is now +
I In a fair way to a settlement +
+ satisfactory to all the powers in- +
♦ terested. +
+ ♦
!♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
WASHINGTON, April 3.— The Presi
dent and Secretary Hay have been giv
ing consideration to the selection of a
representative of the United States
Government on the Samoan commis
sion. He will not be a member of either
the Senate or House of Representatives,
according to present light 3. It is ex
pected that the effort will be to find
some person thoroughly familiar with
the issues likely to be presented in the
settlement of this Samoan dispute.
It is regarded by the State Depart
ment as essential that the commission
be appointed at the earliest possible
moment.
Many cable dispatches have been
passing between Washington and Lon
don in regard to the Samoan settle
ment. The main point is on determin
ing exactly the extent of authority
which the high commission is to pos
sess, Lord Salisbury desiring all uncer
tain points first cleared up and an ex
act definition of what the commission
is to do before committing Great Brit
ain. The Kritish Government is as I
ready as vhe United States or Germany
to accept the general principle of com
missioners, but it wants to knpw in ad
vance as to the power of the commis
sion.
The indications are that the British
authorities will give their adherence to
the agreement within a day or two,
but it is stated that there is- still a
chance, although a very slight one,
that the agreement may not be con
cluded.
The present negotiations are concen
trated on three main points, viz.: First,
is the commission to report, or is it to
■xecutive authority to administer
as well as to negotiate, and if so what
is the extent of its executive power;
second, will the action of the commis
sion be determined by a majority or
will unanimous action be required;
third, if a majority determination is
arranged what safeguards are to be
provided to in?ure unanimous execu
tion. This last pomt — as between ma
jority or unanimous action — is a vexing
one and is the one which has arisen
between the consular officials in .Sa
moa, and it Is evident that Lord Salis
bury hesitates to assent to any agree
ment which may renew this contro
versy.
An agreement upon King Oscar as
final arbitrator would obviate a dead
lock, but this, while proposed unoffi
cially during the recent discussions, has
not been assented to officially.
FOUGHT TO THE DEATH
BEFORE THEIR CHILDREN
CHICAGO, April 3.— Before his two chil
dren, aged two and four, Joseph Brown
was stabbed to death to-day by his wife.
The murder was the outcome of a family
quarrel. Brown had beaten and kicked ;
his wife and threatened to kill her with a |
butcher knife that was lying on a table. ,
"When Brown made a move toward the
knife Mrs. Brown snatched it herself. •
Brown raised his foot and kicked her. but
Bhe plunged forward with the knife, strik- \
ing him fairly In the stomach. Maddened
with frenzy and pain the two battled
bark and forth, the husband kicking and
striking and the wife plunging the knife
into her husband until with a fifth blow
he fell backward dead. Brown was
stabbed five times— once under the chin,
twice in the stomach and twice in the
right side. All made big, gaping wounds,
and any one of them would have proved
fatal. "Brown was a packing house em
ploye.
MISSING FROM GILROY.
GILROY, April 3.— Paul Cupola, a hand
some Slavonian, about 25 years old, has
disappeared from Gilroy, leaving behind
a score or more of creditors. Paul worked
as a cook at the Star Restaurant. Early
yesterday morning, after his all night's
work, he donned his new Easter suit and
hired a horse and buggy from F. Fitzger
ald's livery stable. He said he was going
fishing.
On Friday and Saturday Cupola went to
several of his friends and acquaintances
and borrowed various sums ranging from
$1 to $20. It is estimated he obtained over
$100 in this way. On Saturday night H. R.
Eschcnbnrg left a sack containing $193 15
%vith Paul for safe keeping. This Cupola
took with him.
As night came on his employer grew
suspicious. The officers in adjoining towns
notified by telephone. The rig was
located In Watsonville, where Cupola had
left it, paying for a night's feed. He told
the Watsonville stable man he was going
to Santa Cruz. It is supposed he went to
Santa Cruz and either boarded a steamer
or the narrow guage train for San Fran
cisco.
NO HOSTILE DEMONSTRATION.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1839, by James Gor
don Bennett.
VALPARAISO, April 3.— The Punta de
Atacama Commissioners arrived so late
last night that the threatened hostile de
monstration did not take place. Presi
dent Errazuriz will start in a few days
on B trip through the northern provinces.
The feeling against the award of WllMam
I. Buchanan, United States Minister to
Argentina, in the Chile-Argentine de Ata
cama dispute is subsiding.
STRECKER THE WINNER.
SAN RAFAEL, April 3.— The match
shoot between A. Strecker and F. E. Ma
son at Schuetzen Park to-day was won
by Strocker, with a score of 32C5 points.
Mason made 3239 points. Both men shot
130 times, and four hours were required
to determine the winner. Streoker wins
a stake and will keep his old rifle.
Deserted by Her Husband.
SACRAMENTO, April 3.— A richly
dressed, good-looking woman, who ar
rlved here this morning on the west
bound express, complained to railroad
detectives that she had been deserted by
her husband upon their arrival here.
She said they were recently married and
had started from Salt Lake City, Utah,
last Saturday. T^ie woman said her hus
band took all her jewelry and clothing,
$1000 in money, and several blank checks,
leaving her penniless.
HONORS TO THE
PATRIOT DEAD
Military Burial of the
Troops Who Fell.
PRESIDENT'S PROCLAMATION
i
ORDERS DISPLAY OF OLD GLORY
THROUGHOUT THE NATION.
Full Military Honors to Be Accorded
During the Burial of the Bodies
From the West
Indies.
Special Dispatch to The CalL.
WASHINGTON, April 3.—Arrange
ments have been practically completed
for the funeral services on the occasion
of the reinterment in the Arlington
Cemetery at 2 o'clock Thursday after
noon of the remains of about 350 sol
diers and civilians who lost their lives
as a result of wounds or disease in the
campaigns of Santiago and Porto Rico.
The services will be of the simplest
character, being confined to the com
mitment service conducted by Post
Chaplain Charles W. Freeland, who has
been summoned here from the military
post at Fort Monroe for that purpose.
Full military honors will be paid the
memory of the patriotic dead and all
regular troops in this vicinity, the Dis
trict National Guard and a battalion of
marines will participate in the cere
mony at the cemetery. Colonel Francis
L. Guenther of the Fourth Artillery
will have command of the military es
cort exercises.
The remains of 150 of the heroes of
the war have already been deposited in
tents near the spot selected for their
interment, and it is expected that the
remaining 200 bodies will be brought on
from Jersey City to-morrow or next
day.
The President and most of the offi
cials of the administration in this city
will attend the funeral services. Presi
dent McKinley to-day issued the fol
lowing executive order in connection
with the interments:
It is fitting that In behalf of the nation
tributes of honor be paid to the memories
of the nol>l« men who lost their lives in
their country's service during the late
war with Spain. It is the more fitting,
Inasmuch as In consonance with the spirit
i t our free Institutions and in obedience
to the most exalted promptings of pat
riotism, those who were sent to other
shores to do battle for their country's
honor under their country's flag w< nt
freely from every quarter of our beloved
land. Each soldier, each sailor, parting
from home ties and putting behind him
private, interests in the presence of the
stern emergency of unsought war with
an alien foe, was an individual type of
devotion of the citizen to the state which
makes our nation strong in unity and in
action.
Those who died in another land left in
many homes the undying memories that
attend the heroes <>f all ages, li was fti
ting that with the advent of peace, won
by their sacrifice, their bodies should be
gathered with tender care and restored
to home and kindred. This has !><■• n
done with the dead of Cuba and Porto
Rico. Those of the Philippines still rest
where they fell, watched over by their
surviving comrades ;ind crowned with the
love of a Krateful nation.
The remains of many brought to our
shores have been delivered to their fami
lies for private burial. But for others of
the brave officers and men who perished
there has been reserved Interment in
grounds sacred to the soldiers and sailors
among the tributes of military honor and
national mourning they have so well de
served.
I therefore order: That upon the arri
val of the cortege at the National Ceme
tery at Arlington all proper military and
naval honors be paid to the dead heroes;
that suitable ceremonies shall attend
their interment; that the customary sa
lute of mourning be fired at the cemetery
and that on the same day at 2 o'clock,
Thursday, the Oth day of April, the na
tional flag be displayed at half-mast on
all public buildings, forts, camps and
public vessels of the T'nited States and
that at 12 o'clock, noon, of said day. all
the departments of the Government at
"Washington shall be closed.
WILLIAM Mc'vTNLEY,
Executive Mansion. April 3, 1599.
In the same connection Acting Sec
retary of War Meiklejohn issued this
order:
The remains of officers and soldiers who
lost their lives in the war witli Spain
during the operations in Cuba and Porto
Rico will be interred with due and fitting
ceremonies In the National Cemetery at
Arlington, Va., on Thursday, April 6, at
2 p. m.
By direction of the President all of the
T'nlted States troops serving in the vicin
ity of Washington, together with the Na
tional Guard of the District of Columbia.
will be assembled at Arlington on the
date in question to participate in the fun
eral ceremonies.
BEEF BOARD GROWS WEARY.
WASHINGTON, April 3.-The Beef In
quiry Board had no witnesses before it
to-day. Major Lee, who represents Major
General Miles, presented an additional
list of witnesses for the board to sum
mon and this list was considered in exec
utive session.
The examination of witnesses will be
resumed to-morrow. Among those who
are here ready to testify is Major Daly,
who first made the charge that the rofrts
erator beef had been chemically treated.
General Miles also will be given an op
portunity to reappear. Yne board is
anxious to close the injulry at the earliest
possible moment. It is believed they will
be able to finish with the testimony this
week.
TO FIGHT A WHISKY TRUST.
CHICAGO, April 3.— The Record to
morrow will say: Supremacy in the
whisky market, long held by the Ameri
can Spirits Manufacturing Company and
its allied Interests, is to be contested by
an opposition combine. Arrangements
will be concluded in Chicago before the
week is over for the organization of a
rival corporation of $3,000,000 capital. All
branches of the trade dominated by the
American Company— distilling, distribut
ing and warehousing— will be pursued
and with the largest public warehouse
and ten distilleries in Kentucky as a nu
cleus, the men behind tho new consoli
dation declare it will bo equipped to fur
nislff the old trust formidable competi
tion.
WAREEN LELANT) DYING.
NEW YORK, April 4.— The condition of
Warren F. Leland, who was operated
upon for appendicitis on Sunday after
noon, took a serious turn about 9 o'clock
last night and an hour later Dr. Pitkin
was hurriedly called. He at once pro
nounced the change a very grave one and
advised that all relatives be summoned.
Mr. JLeland's «<>n, Charles W., was already
with his father, and a telegram was im
mediately sent to Chicago for the re
maining son. Miss Fannie, the surviving
daughter, was also called to her father's
beside. Mr. Leland was still living at 1
o'clock this morning, but Dr. Pitkin said
only a miracle could save the patient's
life. He did not think he could survive
until daylight.
James J. Steytler Bead.
SEATTLE, April 3.— James J. Steytler,
aged 42, a man with an independent in
come, died this evening at Providence
Hospital. For the past four years be has
lived across the Sound, at Colby. His
friends say that at one time he was in
the service of the New York Herald. His
younger days were spent at Capetown,
South Africa, where his parents are very
wealthy.
GEORGE W. FOX OF
REDWOOD CITY DEAD
REDWOOD CITY, April 3.— George
W. Fox, one of the oldest resi
dents of San Mateo County,
passed away at his home in this
city yesterday morning.
Mr. Fox was widely known through
out the State and was one of the lead
ing members of the bar. He held dur
ing his lifetime the office of District
Attorney for this county and at one
time was in partnership with his
brother, Charles N. Fox, ex-Justice of
the Supreme Court of this State.
Mr. Fox was a prominent Mason and
Odd Fellow, and at the time of his
death was a member of the Grand Tri
bune, Knights of Pythias. He is sur
vived by a widow and four children.
He also leaves two brothers, Charles
N. Fox of San Francisco and Benjamin
F. Fox of Santa Barbara, and two sis
ters, Mrs. Samuel Palmer, living near
Campbells, Santa Clara County, and
Mrs. Quigley of Plumas County.
The funeral will take place to-mor
row afternoon from the family resi
dence.
GAGE MAKES FOES
OF WOMEN FOLK
Denies Them the Right
to Vote.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 3.— When the
Governor pocketed the bill providing
that women be allowed the franchise
in educational matters he destroyed his
popularity with the fair sex of Los
Angeles. As the matter cannot be
brought to an issue again for two years
the women who labored for the law and
the many men who expressed approval
question Gage's judgment.
Mrs. M. E. Threlkeld, an earnest ad
vocate of the principles embodied in the
bill, expresses regret that the Gover
nor could not see its value.
"In Kansas," she said, "the Legisla
ture passed a bill permitting women to
vote for school directors. I can say
from personal knowledge it was the
best thing for the schools. Women on
tli school board do well. They always
pa: :i:ore attention to the sanitary con
(ir us of the schools than do the men."
. .rs. C. B. Bradtield, drawing super
intendent of the Los Ansreles schools,
■ and Mrs. Gertrude Paidon, special
I teacher of music in the city schools, ex
; pressed the belief that the bill ought
Ito have been signed. The schools
I would be benefited by the measure.
I They say the matter should have re
: ceived greater attention than to be sub
| jected to the treatment accorded by the
; Governor.
"It would have been a good thing
without a doubt," said Professor James
A. Foshay. "I have seen the experi
ment tried in the East. It wo"uld have
worked to the perfect satisfaction of
everybody concerned. If women vote
for school directors the board is kept
out of politics. From experience I say
women use good judgment in these
matters. It is to be regretted the Gov
ernor did not sign the bill."
GAGE AROUSES THE
IRE OF MONTEREYANS
MONTEREY. April 3.— Great indigna
tion is expressed here over the recent ac
tion of Governor Gage in vetoing the
Colton Hall bill. The bill was presented by
Monterey's Assemblyman F. P. Feliz, and
provided for the appropriation of $2500 of
the State's money for restoring the build
ing and beautifying the grounds of Colton
Hall, California's first Capitol. The
amount wa.s asked for to supplement a
subscription already raised by the citi
zens of Monterey city and county, which
alone, though liberal, was inadequate for
the necessary work. The bill tirst asked
for JSOOO, and it was then the plan to con
vert the old building into a museum oi
California history, bwrf this project waa
abandoned for the time and the amount
of State aid asked for was reduced to
$2500, with the understanding that the
Governor would sign the bill.
This is the second time within the last
decado the restoration of California's
most historic landmark hap been frowned
down by the commonwealth's chief ex
ecutive, Governor Markham having
vetoed a similar bill during -his adminis
tration. The Montereyans say they will
not despair, but will renew the fight next
session, hoping for better success.
In the meantime the historic old build-
Ing grows daily more dilapidated, and un
less something" is done it will ere long be
past the point of restoration.
CRIPPLED DURING A GALE.
HALIFAX, N. S., April 3.— The steamer
Charing Cross, from Philadelphia for
Ipswich, arrived in port this evening
with the steamer Forest Brook in tow.
The Forest Brook is from Leith for
Hampton Roads. She has lost her tail
shaft and propeller and possibly the stern
tube is damaged.
The mishap occurred Friday last about
noon, 250 miles southeast of this port, in
a howling gale and a high sea. The
weather was so heavy that no effort could
>c made after the shaft snapped to secure
the propeller and it was lost.
Flood Danger Is Past.
WOODLAND, April 3.— Further danger
from flood water is not expected. There
is considerable water in Sycamore Slough,
but there is very little on the farming
land in District 108, and that little will
soon be removed. At Knights Landing
the river fell two and a half inches Sun
day night. It now stands 14 feet 9Vi
inches. At the Woods break the water
has receded about two feet and more than
a foot and a half is now running out into
the basin. The water in the basin Is re
ceding rapidly. If all the breaks on the
Yolo side had been open during the big
spring, freshet, gralntlelds in the vicinity
of Swingle station that now look well
would be three feet under water and
ruined, and a large district in Solano
County that is still safe would be devas
tated.
Suhivan Easily a Winner.
NEW YORK, April 3.— At the Green
wood Athletic Club to-night "Spike" Sul
livan defeated George (Mysterious) Ker
win of Chicago in seven rounds. The mo
ment the men stepped into the ring they
got together. Kerwin letting his arms fly
like flails, without any attempt at science.
This puzzled Spike a good deal, but He got
his man's measure and .soon was plainly
a winner, hitting Kerwin freely. The lat
ter wasted his strength and weakened
greatly, in the sixth and seventh rounds
Sullivan sailed in and finally, with a right
hand smash on the jaw, knocked Kerwin
helpless after fifty-five seconds of fighting
in the seventh.
Byers Knocks Out Goff.
NEW YORK, April 3.— George Byers of
Boston got the decision over Charlie Goff
of Oregon in the second round of what
was to have been a twenty round bout at
the Broadway Athletic Club to-night.
They met at 150 pounds. In the second
round Goff landed a straight left on the
mouth and swung over Byers' head. By
ers swung left to mouth and right to ribs
and a moment later put a solid left hook
to the jaw, scoring a clean knock-down.
Goff arose groggy and Byers started to
finish him, knocking Goff down twice
more, when Referee Tommy White
stopped the fight and awarded the deci
sion to Byers.
WARDEN HALE TO
WALK THE PLANK
Will Not Remain at San
Quentin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 3.—
Warden Hale has relinquished all hope
of being reappointed, and admits so
with seeming frankness. He has fought
his. fight and now realizes that he has
lost.
Governor Gage intends to install
Martin Aguirre of Los Angeles as war
den, whatever may be the cost. But
Hale still clings to straws, as may be
gathered even from his admissions. He
says he is not a candidate for the war
denship, but in the same breath certi
fies to the fact that he is in love with
his job, as he terms it, and will occu
py his position as long as the prison
directors see fit to keep him there.
"Just say in The Call for me," said
Hale this evening, "that I am not a
candidate for warden on account of ill
health and have so notified the presi
dent of the board of directors. My of
fice does not expire until April 20, be
cause four years ago I held over until
the 20th of the month for various rea
sons. I may hold until June 1 or even
July 1, on account of the volume of bags
to be sold and other business to be
cleared up.
"Whether I stay longer than April 20
or not depends upon the pleasure of the
board. If I were a well man I should
stand for another appointment, because
I like the job, but my physician tells
me I must have a long rest. There re
mains a vast amount of business to be
cleared up. Since the publication in
The Call of the action taken by the
board to circumvent a suspected
scheme to cinch farmers by a corner
on bags a million have been sold in lots
of 5000. We sold 170,000 to-day. Again
I desire to say that the length of time
I remain warden depends entirely upon
the prison directors."
For reasons not stated the directors
have postponed their meeting from
next Saturday to the 15th inst. As
Manuel Chavez is to hang on that day
it is possible the meeting may take
place a week from next Wednesday or
Thursday. So sure are the guards that
Aguirre is to be elected wardenKhat
many are already preparing to leave
the prison.
CITIZEN* OF REDDING
WILL BE ARRESTED
Accused of Having Violated the Pro-
visions of the City Fire
Ordinances.
REDDING, April 3.-According to City
Attorney Watson, a half-dozen of Red
ding's prominent citizens will be placed
under arrest to-morrow for having vio
lated the express provisions of the city
fire ordinances with reference to the Ar
mory Hall. The Board of Trustees passed
an ordinance requiring the building as
sociation which owns the hall to place
stand pipes and hose in the building, and
the directors of the association ignored
the order. Last Tuesday night a local
talent show was given in the hall in spite
of the order of the Board of Trustees.
The city fathers were tricked by a bluff
at complying with the order. The Trustees
became indignant and resolved that the
hall should remain closed hereafter until
the order were complied with.
Another local talent show was billed
for to-night. To-day on injunction was
granted in the Superior Court restraining
the Trustees and the City Marshal from
interfering in any way with the show or
the hall. An application was made by
the City Attorney to have the injunction
dissolved, but the application was denied
by Judge Ellison of Tehama County, who
presided in the Superior Court, Judge
Sweeney being disqualified. C> AY. Her
zinger. the manager of the hail, refused
to open the doors unless he was given a
written guarantee that he would not suf
fer damages in case he were arrested and
fined. This guarantee was given. He ac
cordingly opened the doors and to-morrow
morning arrests will be made.
WILL NEVER BOX AGAIN.
Jim Corbett Says He Has Left the
Fistic Arena for Good.
NEW YORK. April 3.— Jim Corbett has
decided to abandon the ring. He an
nounced to-day that he would never box
again, and in future would pay strict at
tention to his new business. Corbett said:
"I am doing well and do not need to fight
any more. I have a fine business and will
devote all my time to it. It is better than
acting and fighting and keeps my mind
occupied. And then, to sum it up, I am
located in New York, where I have al
ways longed to be."
OLD MAN COMMITS MURDER.
Stabs a Fellow Inmate in the Sacra-
mento County Hospital.
PACRAMENTO, April 3.-At the Coun
ty Hospital this evening an old inmate
named John O'Neill stabbed and killed
a patient named William Howard. O'Neil
had been in town during the day and went
back to the hospital quite late under the
Influence of lio.uor. Howard waited on
the table. O'Neil was angry because he
was late and his supper did not suit him.
He got into an altercation with Howard,
seized him by the waist and stabbed him
twice in the abdomen. Howard died be
fore his wounds could be examined.
O'Neil was arrested and taken to the
County Jail.
Torn by Exploding Dynamite.
ANGELS CAMP, April 3.— Christopher
Granda, an Austrian, was blown to
pieces by the explosion of a half-dozen
sticks of dynamite in the Utica mine
last night. Granda and his partner had
drilled a number of holes and Granda
was carrying the powder to be used in
blasting them from the station when the
dynamite exploded. A lighted lamp was
in the unfortunate minor's hat at the
time, and possibly this ignited the pow
der.
Blinded by an Explosion.
SACRAMENTO. April 3.— Carl Clark, a
young man tmployed as a clerk by the
Southern Pacific Company, was terribly-
Injured last night by the explosion of a
gas machine, of which he was the in
ventor and with which he was experi
menting. Clark was smoking a pipe. In
some manner gas had been forced out of
the machine and when he approached
with his lighted pipe there was an explo
sion Clark was blinded, his nose was
broken and a portion of his cheek bone
torn away. He was still in nn uncon
scious condition at a late hour to-day
and his recovery Is considered very
doubtful.
Yarura Maru Reaches Lima.
'LIMA, Peru, April 3.— The Yarura
Maru, the first steamer of the new Jap
anese line, thirty-four days our from
Yokohama, arrived here to-day, bringing:
732 Japanese emigrants, chiefly domestic
servants and agricultural laborers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A woman who|>
takes chances with __^*g i^^^Wf"
her health is sip- ~S-2&^ I\ i tSdjT
ply gambling- with V X
the Black Devil of {^■'Lmf^SSt^^
Disease. If she has ■*" """J^SigS&P&^ZgS
any weakness or de- 4^^^^^s^- — J&*£
rangement of the
delicate organism of her sex, to rely upon
an unskilled, inexperienced, general prac-
titioner is to risk her health upon a gam-
bler's hazard. Her only real safety is in
the careful well-digested advice of a physi-
cian who has had wide, special experience
in diseases of this particular class.
The chief consulting physician of the fa-
mous Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute,
of Buffalo, N. V., Dr. R. V. Pierce, has de-
voted thirty years of special study and prac-
tice to the weaknesses and diseases pecul-
iar to women. His grand medicine, the
" Favorite Prescription," has done more to
restore perfect health and strength to wom-
en than any other medicine. It is the only
proprietary medicine devised for this pur-
pose by an educated, skilled specialist in
woman's peculiar ailments.
A woman writing to Dr. Pierce regarding
herself may feel absolute assurance of re-
ceiving, free of charge, the best profes-
sional advice by means of which the most
obstinate of these delicate troubles may be
promptly relieved and permanently cured.
Barbra A. Mudd, of Indian Creek, Monroe Co.,
Mo., writes: "I am very thankful for what Dr.
Pierce' 8 Favorite Prescription did for me. I was
all broke down from nervous prostration, but
since taking this medicine I have had more re-
lief than from all the doctors. Your ' Favorite
Prescription ' did me a world of good."
HE LOVES TO LOOK
AT HIS LINEN
When we send it home snowy white
and perfectly laundered. It does his
heart good to contemplate it. Every
one in San Francisco concedes us the
palm for fine laundry work. We know
what people want and we see that they
get it — time, too.
"No saw-edges."
The United States Laundry, offica
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420
ARGUMENT— \jf[jsg&k
THE DRINKING. v^s^^
In strength, purity and flavor
<HL/L THMTAR SS o. is uonnt
fl} THE PEOPLE'S
JJj FAVORITE
Wk WHEREVER IT GOES.
< fl(Jtditis\ Interesting Booklet
§E a fr^iicr-ie about brewing mailed
JWu%mw INTERN A TIONAL
y*ffg«^f3sjal imternatioxal
23211 mExposmoN.
Val. Blatz Brewing Co-
Milwaukee, U. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
WHOLESALE DEALERS,
416 to 418 Sacramento Street.
STUDEBAKER'S,
MARKET AND TENTH STS.
JTJST RBOEIVBD-
PNEUMATIC TIRED ROAD WAGONS
AND SURREYS,
Latest styles, best of work, strictly up to
date. In addition to this new work we are
making greatly reduced prices on a large Una
of nigh -grade Surreys. Road "Wagons and Bug-
gies. Best of repair work on short notice.
FASCINATING /*%.
COMPLEXIONS^!}
That soft, smooth, rose-tinted t^^o# &^
complexion so much desired can \^SS^ /^
be obtained by the use of WOODBURi'S Facial
Boap and Facial Cream. They possess marvel-
ous power for brightening the color, givinjp
new life and tone to the skin; beautifying and
preserving the complexion.
DR.MCNULTY.
rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
JL Speclulistcurri Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o; Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of .Men. free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients red nt Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
t03dai1y;6.30t03:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address
: P.ROBCOE IIcXUI/FY, M.l>. ,
Zeii Kearny St., Ban Francisco. C&L
34
GAS FOR THE
PEOPLE AT A
MINIMUM RATE
Board of Supervisors Makes a
Startling Reduction.
Work Will Be Commenced To-Day on New
Pesthouse— Heavy License for
Boxing Shows.
The price of gas to the consumers of
this city was reduced by the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday from $1 75 per thou
sand feet to $1 10. This revolutionary ac
ticn. in view of the recent attitude of the
members, came ;fs a sensation near the
end of a long wrangle over the fixing of
rates. It was proposed in jest ami passed
before the majority members of the board
realized what had happened.
There was a long and acrimonious de
bate on the subject of fixing gas rates to
be raid by the city. This the members
took up as a legacy from the board meet
ing of last week.
After a discussion extending over an
hour, during which every resolution hay
' ing for its object the fixing of rates had
been voted down, the members found
.Themselves back at their original start
ing place. As the majority report on gas
investigation, presented by Supervisors
Collins and Auriiige, had been lost the
Mayor ruled the minority report of Su
pervisor Perrault in order.
.This provided that a rate of $135 per
thousand feet be charged private con
sumers. Supervisor Holland was opposed
to this as not being fair remuneration for
the company, lie suggested, ironically,
that the board might nx the rate at Jl 10,
and moved to amend Dr. Perraulfs mo
tion by fixing that amount as the legal
charge to be made.
As every motion had been lost during
the discussion. Mr. Holland, apparently
•to help the joke along, voted in me ar-
Jirmative. Supervisor .black alsu voted in
the affirmative. Supervisors Perrault,
Lackmann, Byington, Heyer and Dca^y
voted with the two men who had been on
the opposing side and the battle was won.
The men voting in the negative were Su
pervisurs Kalben, Phelps. Coilins and At
tridge. Supervisor Aigeltinger was ex
cused.
After the meeting Supervisor Holland
explained that he took the radical course
he Id to compel the gas company to go
to the courts for relief. He said no" money
can be paid until the Supreme Court
passes upon the bills and the contract be
tween -the company and the city.
The new rate goes into effect to-day.
It is expected the company will take steps
at once to test the legality of the board's
action, presumably t>n the ground that
the rate as fixed is not reasonable com
pensation for the services rendered.
During the discussion that led up to the
foregoing action the majority report pre
sented Dy Supervisor Collins was dis
sected by Supervisor Byington. He asked
If the city, sing 800 electric lights, was
not entitled to a lower rate than private
consumers using only one light. li said
the city pays Jo 50 a light, "While private
Individuals pay JJ 50 and $3.
Mr. Collins would not accept Mr. By
ington's figures, saying he knew nothing
as to their accuracy. Mr. Byington also
asked that statements in toe majority
report to the effect that "the present
charges are fair and reasonable" and
that "wages will be reduced by every cor
poration in California" if the bills of the
company are reduced be stricken out.
Supervisor Holland insisted that no
matter what action the board might take
all the questions must be eventually de
cided by the Supreme Court.
Supervisor Perrault offered a resolution
that the Mutual Electric Light Company
be allowed to erect poles outside the fire I
limits. This drew a resolution from Su
pervisor Aigeltinger to the same effect.
Repeated efforts have been made to pass
this recently without . . ail. It would
have passed yesterday had Supervisor
Heyer, who favored it. remained at the
meeting. Seven votes were required to
carry it. Those in favor were: Holland,
I'errault, Lackmann, Byington, Deasy
and Aigeltinger. Opposed were: Kalben,
Black, Phelps. Collins and Attrldge.
The long discussion ended with a num
ber of votes on the question of preparing
specifications preliminary to inviting bids!
for lighting the city. After an extended
debate it was decided to allow the Street
Light Committee four weeks in which to i
prepare specifications.
An effort was made to fix the charge j
for lighting the streets at the $1 10 rate,
but It failed by a vote of 7 to 4.
Consideration of the offer of the Mutual
Electric Light Company to light the City
Hall for 40 per cent less than the present
charge was deferred one week.
The Supervisors wasted but little time
In disposing favorably of the report pre
sented by the joint committee appointed i
to investigate the Pesthouse. The report :
of the committee was:
Your joint committee on building and
hospital appointed by his Honor, the Mayor,
at a meeting of this board, on March 27,
1599, to visit and inspect the Pesthouse
and report on its condition, respectfully begs
leave to report as follows:
Your committee met vn Saturday, April
1, '' ■■■'. and proceeded to the Pesthouse,
■which we thoroughly inspected, and found
the same to be In a wretched condition and
utterly unfit fcr the use and purposes for
which it was designed.
Your committee respectfully recom
mends that the building be destroyed by
fire and on its 6lte a new and modern build-
Ing be erected at a cost not to exceed $1000.
Respectfully submitted,
EDWARD HOLLAND,
A. ATT RIDGE,
F. <• KALBEN,
HOW BLACK.
The only discussion was on the amount
to be allowed in carrying out this humani
tarian project. Dr. Perrault, out of the
knowledge he has gained in the practice
cf his profession, urged that the appro
priation be raised to $10,000. This would
permit of all the present ramshackle
buildings being razed, instead of only one
as at present provided for. He urged the
possibility of an epidemic, but the board
decided to spend $1000 immediately, and
instructed Chairman Holland of the ■
Building Committee to proceed with the
•work. Plans have already been prepared
at the Instance of Mr. Holland, who has i
taken a deep interest In the matter. He
announced that operations will be com
menced to-day.
The first steps were taken to conform
■with the law passed by the Legislature
regulating boxing, according to which any
club incorporated in the State can, upon i
payment of a license to be fixed by
county 'Supervisors, promote twentv
round boxing contests at any time. Super
visor Perrault presented a resolution fix- !
ing the -llcenee -to be paid in San Fran
cisco County at J-j **) per year. The matter ■
was referred; to City and County ttorney
Lane for his opinion as to whether the I
new law applies to this county. He was
requested' to report before the next meet
ing. ■ - -•■■»
The pecmit granted the National Ath
letic Club for the meeting of George
Green and "Billy" Smith in its ring on
Friday night.was approved.
The Clerk was directed to advertise for
proposals to furnish supplies for the in- !
mates of County Jails Nos. 1. 2 and S and
Pears'
No soap in the
world is so cheap.
No soap in the
world is so lasting.
city and county prisoners for one year.
The same action was taken regarding the
Almshouse and City and County Hos
pital.
Contractors for street work will not
hereafter be released from the contracts
to perform street work of any description
whatsoever until the bills for advertising
incurred in such work be fully paid and
discharged.
The License Collector was directed to
issue 'licenses to Charles Coblintz and J. j
Dowling to permit them to solicit street ;
work.
The Sutter Street Railway Company ;
was directed to r. pave those portions of
Sutter street which the law requires to
be kept in repair by Bald company which
are in such condition as to prevent the ap
paratus of the Fire Department from re
sponding to alarms of fire. The Super- :
intendent of Streets was directed to see i
that the orders of the board were carried
out.
The matter of the repair of Bush street,
where the tracks of the Sutter Street
Railway Company were laid, was referred
to the Mayor.
Henry J. Crocker androther property
owners protested against the proposed
grading of Bay street, from Fi'imore to
Scott.
The Merchants* Athletic Club request
ed a permit for a boxing contest at
Woodward's Pavilion this month.
A petition, variously signed, was pre
sented asking the Supervisors to establish
a permanent grade on all lands south of
Golden Gate Park that have not already
been established.
The Committee on Finance and Audit- ■
ing as appointed a special committee to
take steps leading to a proper celebration
of Fourth of July.
The Western Boxing and Athletic Asso
ciation was granted permission to hold a
professional boxing contest some even- ]
ing between the 20th and SOth inst.
Mrs. Belle Harris was appointed mat
ron at the Morgue at a salary of $60 a
month. Shy 13 to be on duty at all hours.
PETITIONS REFERRED.
Among the petitions referred to committees |
were the following: J. J. Dowling, to pave
with bituminous rock by private contract. i
Church street, between Thirteenth and Four- l
teenth; Joseph N. Kowalsky to erect a build-
Ing on Mason street, 100 feet north of Eddy;
Federation of Mission Improvement Clubs, for
letting of contract for the improvement of j
Holly Park; Daniel Meyer, to repair premises
southeast corner of Drumm and Sacramento ■
streets; Point Lobos Improvement Club, for ;
electric lights at Sixth avenue and Lake street
and Twentieth avenue and Clement street; j
same, for the macadamizing of the crossing i
of Twentieth avenue and Clement street and C j
street, between Seventh and Eighth avenues,
and for macadamizing the crossing at Seventh !
avenue and C street, and for laying a six-foot |
artificial stone -walk on Third avenue, be- j
tween Clement and California streets; M. H. '
Lawler, for permission to grade, pave, etc. In
front of premises at the northeast corner of
Twenty- fifth and Point Lobes avenues; Te
reaco Georgi, to erect a stand at Sixth and
Folsom streets; Ernest Brand, for artificial
stone sidewalk on Broadway, between Octavla
and Laguha streets; Spring Valley Water
Works and Buckman Contracting Company, for
discontinuance of proceedings relating to grad
ing of Buchanan street, between Hermann and
Thirteenth, with notice that they have entered '
Into an agreement to do the same; R. C de
lioom, representing that his land has been ap
propriated in the construction of a culvert on
Mission street; a. Gardiner, for the revocation
of the permit granted the National Club for a
boxing exhibition; Sail Francisco Teaming
Company, to blast on Devlsadero street, be- i
tween Broadway and Pacific avenue; Dray
men's and Teamsters' Union, requesting that ,
modern block pavement be included in the j
kinds officially recognized by the city.
PROTESTS REFERRED.
Protests were referred to the proper commit- .
tees as follows: Property owners, against the
payment for the grading, etc . of York street, '
between Twenty-sixth and Army streets; prop
erty owners, against the building of a sewer
In Twenty-sixth street, between Bryant and : .
York streets; property owners, against the con- | '
structlon of a sewer in Worth street, between I
Twenty-first and Twenty-second streets; same, ;
against the paving of Folger alley; Rosa
Rongno. against the laying of artificial stone .
sidewalks on Market street, between Fifteenth •
and Sixteenth streets; property owners, against I
the paving of Kearny street, between Broad
way and Vallejo street.
RESOLUTIONS OF INTENTION.
The following resolutions of intention to j <
order street work were passed to print: Ivy
avenue, between Buchanan and Webster '
streets, granite curbs; Kearny street, between
Broadway and Vallejo street, granite curbs and \ '
cobble pavement; south side of Francisco
street, between Mason and Taylor streets, ! ,
plank sidewalk except where artificial stone or
bituminous rock sidewalks are laid; west side ! '
of Taylor street, between Green and Union, I '■
artificial stone sidewalk, except where bitu- j
minous rock sidewalks are laid, and bitumln- I ,
cms rock roadway; Dupont Btreet, between Bay j ,
North Point, brick sewer; northerly and south- i :
erly portions of crossing of Dupont and North .
Point streets, brick sewer.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS PASSED. !
The following private contracts for street | ',
work were finally passed:
Grading and macadamizing Nineteenth aye- i
nue, between I and 500 feet south of W street,
City Street Improvement Company; Angelica
street, from Nineteenth to its southerly termi
nation, paving with bituminous rock. Union '
Paving and Contracting Company; Thirteenth
street, between Alpine street and Buena Vista '
avenue,' paving with cobbles and construction 1
of sewer, Santa Cruz Contracting Company; \
Arlington street.- between Charles and Miguel, j j
grading, macadamizing and sewering, J. R. !
Blanchard; crossing of Twenty-third and Ala- .
bama etrcets, paving with bituminous rock,
City Street Improvement Company. ;
FOR FULL ACCEPTANCE.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
for full acceptance Diamond street from I
Eighteenth to Nineteenth, paved with bitu- >
men.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended i
the following street work to bo done: Rhode i •
Island street, between Twenty-second and ' <
Twenty-third, grading, redwood curbs, rock I
frutterrvays and . -inch Ironstone pipe sewer, |
with four manholes and covers ; Parnassus ■
avenue at a point €00 feet' easterly from east- i !
erly line of First avenue: Green street, be- j :
tween Fillmore and Stelner. granite curbs and ;
stone sidewalks and paving with bituminous i '
rock; southeasterly and southwesterly corners I '
of Green and Stelner streets,' granite curbs i |
and artificial stone sidewalk; northwesterly I
corner, cesspool, granite curb*, artificial stone :
sidewalks and paving of roadway with bitu- :
men; Ninth avenue, between I and J streets/ ■
8-inch Ironstone pipe sewer; Crescent avenue, ]
between Hilly street and a point 173 feet 6 \ '■
inches westerly from South avenue; southerly ,
and westerly portions of crossings of Ninth ;
avenue and I street, 8-inch pipe sewer; 10-inch
pipe sewer in easterly portion; cesspools, cul
rerts, granite curbs and plank sidewalks on ! '
northeasterly, southeasterly and southwesterly. ;
corners and granite curbs and plank sidewalks' :
on northwesterly corner and crossing; 12-inch ,
sewer in southerly and easterly portions of in- I
tersection of Crescent avenue and Holly street, !
with manhole, and northerly portion of said j :
intersection, and cesspools and culverts on the .
northeasterly and northwesterly corners; Clin- '
ton Park, between Valencia and Guerrero ;
streets, granite curbs where not laid now and
paving with bitumen; Golden Gate avenue, be
tween Baker and Lyon streets, granite curbs !
where not already laid and paving with bitu
men. '
ORDETRING STREET WORK.
Resolutions ordering street work were passed I
to print as follows: . Arkansas, Mariposa to ■
Eighteenth, grading; Eddy, Webster to Fill- i '
more, -tone sidewalks: Seventh avenue. Rail- ■ i
road avenue to N street south, grading, red- .
wood curbs,, macadam; Sunnyside avenue and ' '•
Forester' street, 12-inch sewer, cesspools, etc; i
Eunnyslde avenue. Forester street to Edna., 12- I
inch sewer: Sixth avenue and X street south, i I
grading, redwood curbs, macadam: Devtsadero, i ,
Haight to Waller, basalt and bitumen; Berk- i ]
shire. Diamond to railway tracks, 16-lncb. ', '
sewer, manholes and covers. '
• EXTENSIONS RECOMMENDED. '
Extensions of time on the following street !
work were recommended: • FHnn &;-Trf-acy,
thirty days on paving Bush street, between- ; '
Kearny and Grant avenue; same, thirty days
on constructing cesspools and culverts on inter- I
section of Fourteenth and Julian avenue; City '
Street Improvement Company, sixty days on ■ I
the paving of Fourteenth-street crossing Lan- ; !
Cera atr«eu i ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 4, 1899.
SAYS PLUNKETT
MADE HER SEE
DAZZLING STARS
Mrs. Samuels Nursing
a Black Eye.
SHE SWEARS OUT A WARRANT
INSURANCE MAN CHARGED
WITH SERIOUS OFFENSE.
Shameful Fist Fight in a Sick Cham
ber Is Interrupted by the Alarm
ing Condition of the
Aged Patient.
John Plunkett, the "well known insur
ance man and manager of the Perm In
surance Company, is accused by Mrs.
Rachael Samuels of blacking her eye. In
addition, so she says, he swatted her in the
jaw and punched her in the back of the
neck. Yesterday Mrs. Samuels could not
without pain "do up" her back hair, and
an officer armed with a warrant was out
looking for Plunkett.
On Friday evening Mrs. Samuels was
calling on Mrs. Demu, the grandmother
of Plunketfs wife, at her residence. 1319
Mason street. Mrs. Demu was confined
MRS. RACHAEL SAMUELS.
to her bed. suffering with a eevere attru-k
of aneurism of the heart. While M l^.
Samuel? was chatting with the patient
.ccompanied by his wife, came
in. The insurance man, according to Mrs.
Samuels, greeted the invalid and then
..g directly in front of Mrs. Samuels
without recognizing her proceed
make himself comfortable in a seat at her
side.
"Aren't you going to speak to me, Mr.
Plunkett?" Mrs. Samuels inquired. "You
remember me, certainly; you have called
on me at my house."
Plunketfs reply, again according to
Mrs. Samuels, was a succession of foul
• is, and he wound up by declaring
that he did not know Mrs. Samuels and
didn't want to know her, as she was not
a decent person such as he would recog
nize.
"Take back those words," cried the lady,
now thoroughly aroused, "or else you will
have to make an explanation to my hus-
band." . .
Plunketfs only "take back was an
other round of abuse, and then Mrs. S.i:.i
uels put out a lily white hand and smote
him on the cheek. m ■
The blow, had the effect of a red rag
flaunted in the face of an infuriated bull.
Piunkeit's strong right landed on tn
dusky cheek of the little lady and his
clenched fist beat a tattoo on tne back of
her neck As Mrs. Samuels fell to the
floor the sick grandmother sprang out of
bed and placing herself, in front of Plun
ketfs prostrate victim finally succeeded
in restoring peace.
yesterday morning Mrs. Samuels ap
peared before Judge Mogan and swore to
..•iplaint charging Plunkett with, as
sault and battery. The warrant was first
presented to Acting Police Judge Barry
for his signature, but Barry refused to
sign it on the ground that Plunkett was
a personal friend of his.
Mrs Samuels is the wife of S. A. Sam
uels and resides with her husband and
family at l'.*^ Union street When seen
yesterday Mr?. Samuels was nursing a
black eye. a swollen and discolored cheek
bruised neck.
"Plunkett struck me," Mrs. Samuels ex
plained, "because he is a coward, and h^
makes It his boast that he beats women.
While I was lying on the floor in that poor
old sick lady's room he told Mrs. Demu
and her daughter. Mrs. Etienne, who were
present, that he would lay me out. There
has been dissension in the family, and
Plunkett somehow Imagined that I was
responsible for the tales of his misdoings
that had come to the ears of his wife's
relatives. After he struck me I was com
pletely dazed for a moment, but when I
realised that that great big- coward had
laid his hand on me my first Impulse
to pick up a knife that was lying on a
table in the room and fling it at him. The
Piile frightened face of the sick woman
stopped me. I was afraid she might drop
dead any moment."
Mrs Samuels is a tiny, little lady, with
fla«hing black eyes and soft, rounded
cheeks. The hand that smote the muscu
lar insurance agent fits easily into a five
and tlyree-quarter glove.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
The Grand Lodge Will Meet in Na
tive Sons' Hall To-Day.
The Grand Lodge of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen will meet in annual
convention in Native Sons' Hall to-day
and will remain in session for three days.
There will be present about three hundred
representatives from the 275 lodges of the
State, which have an aggregate member
ship of 20,400. which makes California the
sixth largest jurisdiction in the United
States. . There will be considerable effort
made at this session in the line of re
trenchment in the running expenses of
the order through its Grand Lodge offi
cers.
It is desired to secure for the office of
grand master workman one who will de
vote his whole time, to the order and be
paid a .salary that will compensate him
for such service. There will be some re
vision as to special deputies, who In the
past have, as many members say, "been
an expensive luxury." On Thursday
there will be held the election of grand
officers, and there is considerable specu
lation as to who will be elected. For the
office; of grand master workman the prom
inent candidates are William Vinter of
San Jose, who served two successive
terms, but was defeated last year, and J.
M. Collins of Fresno, at ' present grand
foreman. There will also be a contest for
grand recorder, Frank Poland, the incum
bent, and T. Carr of Nevada City being
the prominent candidates.
The Grand Lodge of the Degree of i.on
or will also meet to-day In the same build
ing and be in session two days. To-night
the Past Masters' Association will hold a
meeting for the entertainment of such
representatives as may wish to attend,
and there will be in the Grand Lodge a
competition by five teams from that num
ber of lodges for a prize of $100 for excel
lence in the ritualistic and floor work in
the initiatory degrees.
■ ♦ ■
MINISTERS' MEETINGS.
Interesting Papers Read Before the
Various Unions on Theological
Subjects.
Interesting papers and lively debates
•were h^ard at the weekly meetings of the
various Ministerial Unions yesterday. At
the Presbyterian session the Rev. Robert
E. Stone of the Centennial Church of East
Oakland was elected president for the en
suing year and the Rev. 800 Ho Man Art
was made vice president. Rev. James
Woodward secretary and treasurer.
Rev. H. W. Fraser read a paper on the
"Examination of the Ethical Theory of
Redemption." It dealt with the sophis
tries of ethical Christianity.
At the Congregationalists' meeting Rev.
F. B. Perkins delivered an address on
one phase of the Federated Missions. He
thought a more catholic spirit was now
evinced than formerly. The paper arous
ed much Interesting discussion. The Rev.
William H. Tubb's resignation as secre
tary of the union was accepted and Rev.
F. I. Wheat was appointed temporary
secretary. Dr. Tubb will leave on the
for Hawaii, where he goes for
the purpose of establishing a house where
lepers can be kept. He will carry with
him letters of recommendation from the
Mayor and Senator Dwyer.
The following officers were elected by
! the Baptists for the ensuing year: Presi
dent, E. R. Bennett of East Oakland; Key.
| J. H. Kelly of the Third Church of San
Francisco, secretary and treasurer. Rev.
K. A. Hunger, a visitor from Siam, gave
an interesting account of that country.
The Rev. W. C. Jenkins spoke on the dif
ference in Christian work— ancient and
modern.
Rev. E. F. Brown read a pap^r before
thf Methodist Union on the evolution of
theology. His address brought forth a
great deal of discussion.
DEATH OF A BROTHER
OF MRS. STANFORD
HENRY C. LATHROP A VICTIM
OF DROPSY.
He Had Been Ailing for Some Time.
The Funeral Will Take Place
Wednesday.
Henry C. Lathrop, a brother of Mrs.
Jane Stanford and Charles G. Lathrop of
this city and of Ariel Lathrop of New
York, died at the residence of his sister,
corner of Powell and California streets,
at 3:10 p. m. yesterday. He had been suf
fering for pome time from cirrhosis of the
liver, which developed into dropsy during
bla r< < eat visit with Mrs. Stanford to
New York.
< >n the return of Mr. Lathrop, about two
weeks ago, his trouble had become so ag
gravated that he was since then confined to
the house. He was attended by Drs. R.
H. Curtis and William Boericke. His
brother, Charles G. Lathrop, the physi
cians and two nurses were present at the
time of death.
Henry Lathrop was born in Albany. X.
\., .May 80, W4. He came to California
about thirty years ago and found employ
ment in the orh'ce oi John Corning, super-
Intendent of the Central Pacific Railroad
at Sacramento. On the death of General
Reddington he became the agent of the
steamship line that ran between Sacra
mento and San Francisco. He resigned
this position eight years ago and has not
since been engaged in any business or
employment, residing with his sister.
The funeral, which will be private will
take place from the residence of Mrs
Stanford Wednesday at 3:30 p. m The
remains will be placed temporarily in the
vault of Mrs. S. M. Wilson in Laurel Hill
Cemetery, and later will be Interred at
Palo Alto.
Henry Lathrop is a past exalted ruler
. \r c vT' \=f- ] T < havln S been honored
with that office by the old Sacramento
Lodge. He was a member of lodge No 3
of that order in this city at the time 'of
his death.
Young Ladies' Institute.
District Deputy Mrs. J. P. Sweeney has in
stalled the following-named officers of Young
Ladles' Institute No. 7, being assisted in the
work by Mrs. Kate Driscoll acting as marshal:
Mamie Stein. i>aet president; Katie Buckly
first vice-president; Mrs. J. Rooney. second
vice-president: Kittle Burke, recording secre
tary; Celia Young, financial secretary: Han
nab Fltrpatrick, treasurer; Nellie Hasan
marshal: Mrs. W. F. Greany. Mrs. J Fo
garty, Mrs. Lewis and Mamie Stein, trustees
After the installation Miss Mamie Stein the
retiring president, was by the Institute' pre
sented with a beautiful medal as a token of
the esteem in which she Is held by the mem
bers by reason of her deea interest in the
affairs of the Institute.
Writing papers, pens. Ink. blank books
and legral blanks, cheap, at Sanborn &
Vail's, 741 Market street. •
Phil Sheridan in Operetta.
Phil Sheridan Council No. 72. Young Men's
Institute, will on Wednesday evening present
to its friends and acquaintances an opportu
nity to enjoy the deilshtful cperette of "Pen
elope." which members of the council will ap
pear in at Mange's" Hail at Folsom and
Twenty-founb suetU.
AN EXCITING
LAUNCH RACE
ON THE BAY
Two New Fliers Try
Their Speed.
TESTING ARMOR-CLAD PILES
SOME THAT HAD BEEN DOWN
TEN YEARS EXAMINED.
The Much Libeled City of Columbia
to Go Into the Hongkong-Hon
olulu Trade — Night Boats
for Sausallto.
Two of the smartest steam launches
ever built in California were tried out
over the measured mile last Saturday.
They are the Karluk and Collis of the
Alaska Packers' Association's fleet, and
under full steam pressure made 12 4-10
knots an hour with the tide and 8^ knots
against it. The steamers are not built for
Fhow, but for hard service, and every
thing used in their construction was the
best that money could buy. As a result
the association has two of the finest boats
of their size on the Pacific Coast.
The Collis is 50 feet long, 12 feet beam
and 5 feet deep, while the Karluk is four
feet shorter, but has the same beam and
depth of hold as the Collis. The engines
were designed by W. P. Lindley, the
supervising marine engineer of the Alaska
Packers' Association, and they are beau
ties. The cylinders are 6^-inch and 13Vi
inch, with a 10-inch stroke, while the
boilers carry a working pressure of 150
pounds, giving the engines 216 revolutions
a minute. The speed test was from Mis
sion Rock to Hunters Point, and the two
boats fairly flew over the course. Both
in the run down to the point and back to
the rock the Collis had a little the better
of the argument, but not enough to boast
of.
The Karluk and Collis are for use at the
canneries. The former will be shipped on
the ship Santa Clara to Kodiak and the
latter on the ship Bohemia to Nugashak.
There they will be used as tenders during
the season and will come back to San
Francisco with the fleet. The Packers'
Association has spent over $150,uw on its
fleet, this year, and a better found or
better equipped lot of vessels has never
left this port. „ .
There was a gathering of the Harbor
Commissioners and their employes at
Fishermen's wharf yesterday morning.
About ten years ago a cluster of four
steel-clad piles were driven at this spot,
and the visit was for the purpose uf see
ing what the teredo had been doing with
the wood during its long immersion.
There were present Commissioners KU
burn Harney and Herold, Chief Engineer
Holmes and Assistant Engineer Kyan,
Superintendent of Urgent Repairs Long
and Assistant Superintendent Jenks and a
pile-pulling crew.
The first armorclad pile that was pulled
was in fair shape. The action of the
water had worn away the steel covering
in places, but the teredo had not gained
an entrance and the wood was as sound
as on the day the pile was driven. Com
missioner Harney used an ax with great
deftness, but the pile nowhere showed
signs of decay. The second pile inspected
did not show up as well. The action of
the water had worn the steel away in
patches and the teredo had done its dead
ly work. The others appeared to be in
fair condition.
It cost $1 a foot to put the steel cover
ing over the piles and the Commissioners
think that the life of the steel does not
warrant any more piles being treated in
that manner. In other words, the life ot
a pile encased in steel is just the length
of time the metal will withstand the cor
rodir.tr Influences of the water. If the
covering costs a dollar a foot to put on
and then only lasts ten years the pile is
a financial failure. so says Commissioner
Kill. urn.
Tl.^ old steamer City of Columbia, over
which there has been so much litigation
both on this coast and in Hawaii,
be patched up and put into commission
again. She v.as sold in Honolulu 1
weeks age for a sop.l-. and whPn some of
her creditors at have the sale
set aside evidence »vas produced to prove
that the vessel was only good for scrap
iron and was not worth more than $15'j0.
The sale was confirmed by the court, and
according to advices by th.? Nippon Maru
an hour later twenty men wire at work
on the vessel that was "only good for
scrap-iron." getting her ready for sea.
She was to be fitted with yards and sailed
as far as the Chinese coast. Then steam
was to be got on the boilers and hrr en
gines set to work, and she will enter
Hongkong in that way. In the Britsh
port she is to be thoroughly overhauled
and put in good shape, after which she
will run regularly in the Hongkong-Hono
lulu trade.
The United States collier Brutus will
get away for Guam in a few days. She
was alongside the Italian ship Caterine
Accame yesterday and will take aboard
that VPFsel's cargo of coal.
The mail steamer Mariposa will not get
in from Australia until Friday next, and
in the future that will be the day of ar
rival of all the Australian Fteamers. The
date of leaving Sydney has been made
two days later and that is why the Mari
posa will arrive Friday instead of to
morrow.
There will be a radical change In the
Sausalito ferry system commencing with
April 23. The great demand has been for
a late boat, and now the patrons of the
road will get pretty nearly what they
want. On Mondays, Wednesdays, Satur
days and Sundays there will "be extra
trips arriving ir San Francisco ;■. • J
and 11:20 p. m. and returning there will
be extra trips leaving San Francisco at
9 and 11:30 p. m. This wi!! leave Tues
day, Thursday and Friday as the only
nights on which there will be no late
boat.
The British ship Aspice. from San
Francisco for Liverpool, on which 7
cent reinsurance was paid- wafl spoken
on January 5 in latitude 57 south, longi
tude 6.S west.
Private advices received here yester
day state that the schooners King Cyrus
and Honoipu had arrived at Kahului
from Newcastle. N. S. W., on March IS
and 20 respectively. The schooners Fai
con and Albert Meyer, bark Haydn
Brown, brig Lurline and barkentine
Wrestler occupied all the berths in
Kahului so the Honoipu and King Cyrus
were standing on and off outside await
ing a chance to get in when the Nippon
Maru left Honolulu. The merchants here
will be glad to know that two new light
ers have been added to the facilities at
Kahului and that vessels are in conse
quence getting much better dispatch.
PRESENT A SWORD TO EVANS.
lowa's Sailors Testify Their Love for
Their Former Commander.
The crew of the battleship lowa has pre
sented Captain "Bob" Evans with a
sword. It was a specimen of artistic
beauty and as handsome an article as the
boys could obtain. One side of the long
steel blade bore the inscription, "Present
ed to Captain Robley D. Evans. U. S. N.,
by the Crew of the U. S. S. lowa," and
on the reverse side was inscribed, "To
our hero — too just to take a fallen foe's—
we give this sword instead." The last in
scription has reference to Captain Evans'
action when he refused to receive the
sword proffered by the vanquished cap
tain of the Viscaya after she had been
run ashore and fired.
Following is the letter which accom
panied the sword that was forwarded to
Captain Evans at Washington last month
and the ajiswer received:
U. S. S. lowa, First Rate
PAX FRANCISCO, Cal.. Feb. 14, 1899
Captain Robley D. Evans, U. S. X., Wash
ington, D. C. — Sir: The members of this shlj.s
company, who had the high honor of cervine
you from San Juan to Santiago, beg leave to
present this sword as a toktn of their affec
tion and reverence.
It had been our intention to make th!s pre
sentation ■when you relinquished command but
owing to the disintegration o x Uie orew fol
lowing our arrival at New York In August last,
and our hurried departure, It was not done.
Coming at this late day, It will show you, sir.
that this action Is not from momentary im
pulse but that the affections and respect of
this crew for you is deep-rooted and lasttne
and that the men of the battleship lowa will
ever cherish the memory of their beloved com
mander. . .
with this sword we Bend our wishes for
your health and happiness always. It is an
assurarce from us that you are more than a
hero to a natlon-you are _t r h - e^ o r ,V;,^rTT?F "'
Very respectfully, THE COMMITTEE.
Captain Evans acknowledged the token
j in the following lt-tter:
I Navy Department, Board of Inspection and
Survey, Washington. March », li-M.-My Old
Shipmates: Your letter of February 14, with
the handsome swor.l. came to me this morning
as a perfect surprise. That I had the respect
and confidence of the brave crew of the lowa
I felt assured. Tour conduct in action proved
that. But the feeling of personal affection you
have exhibited touches me deeply.
Accept from me. every one of the old gang,
my sincere thanks. Gcd bless you each and
every one and give you long life in defense of
our country. Your faithful friend.
R. P. EVANS, Captain L. S. N.
COURTED DEATH TO
PREVENT A MURDER
N. J. EDMTNSTER'S ATTEMPT TO
END HIS LIFE.
Feared Ke Would Kill His Sister If
He Lived— He Was Crazed From
Opium and Will Try Again.
N. J. Edminster tried to commit suicide
from the fisherman's wharf last evening,
but was fished out of the water by Frank
McCarthy and two others who saw htm
go overboard.
Edminster had been speaking to Mc-
Carthy a few minutes before, and, after
borrowing a cigarette, had told him a
story of a misused life. Edminster said
he was a slave to the opium habit and that
the drug had finally got the better of him.
He had stolen from his people
to get money to buy the stuff
and had borrowed from his relatives
: and friends until they and he could
! stand it no longer. He said his sister
' had been trying to have him arrested.
! He feared he might murder her, and he
I was going to end the whole matter by
1 committing suicide. He had a rope and
! a stone and he declared he was going to
j hitch the rope to himself and jump into
i the water. He said his folks lived in the
Mission and had a comfortable home.
.' Edminster was the name he gave to Mc
l Carthy. /
McCarthy did not believe all the story,
| but spoke to the man in a way to cheer
him up. Then he left him and it was not
many minutes before he heard a cry, and
looking back, he saw Edminster spring
: ing from the wharf with the stone tied
| to him.
McCarthy and two other men who were
' standing near ran to the end of the
i wharf and saw Edminster floating. They
I pulled him out and found the stone had
! slipped out of the loop he had tied in
■ the rope and for that reason he had not
! remained on the bottom.
Edminster objected strongly to being
i rescued and declared he had a pistol and
I that he would make another attempt,
and this time a successful one, before
morning. He was a strong, healthy-look
ing man and apparently well able to care
i for himself. He told McCarthy he would
| surely kill his sister if he did not kill
himself. He said he acquired the opium
habit when he was 15 years old. at which
time . he was confined in the Whittier
reformatory. He said, too, he had an
appointment to meet his uncle and his
brother at half past 8 last night.
McCarthy tried to get the man to go
home or at least to some place where
he could be taken care of, but he flour-
I ished his revolver and - threatened to
i shoot any one who tried to detain him
i or to follow him when he started to go
', away. Persuasion was useless and there
was no use to use force, as the man was
i evidently fully prepared to carry out his
threat, so the three men watched him
go away.
■ ♦ ■
D. Q. ALEXANDER DROPS DEAD.
Expires Suddenly in His Office on
California street Yesterday.
D. G. Alexander, secretary and treas
urer of Welch & Co., commission and
! shipping merchants at 220 California
' street, this city, dropped dead In the of-
I flee of the company at 4 o'clock yesterday
■ afternoon. He was attending to his dv
, ties and had just started to cross the
room when he toppled over and expired
! immediately. Coroner Hill was sent for
and he gives the probable cause of death
: as heart disease. The deceased had often
■ complained of pains about the heart, but
his sudden death was a surprise, as his
complaint was thought to be nothing 1 se
i rious.
Mr. Alexander had been connected with
1 "Welch & Co. for the past twenty years.
! He was a man of sterling- integrity and
i was highly respected in commercial cir
i cles. He was also prominent in church
i circles in Alameda. where he resided, and
i was also noted for charitable and philan
i thropic deeds. He was 44 years of age
] and leaves a widow to mourn his loss.
i -++
Railway Mail Promotions.
Harry Lewis of the railway mail service
j has been assigned to field duty, vice Sam
! uel Flint, deceased, with headquarters in
1 this city. C. M. Cotterman, chief clerk at
! Portland. Or., has been promoted to be
i assistant superintendent of the Eighth
Division, with his office at San Francisco.
i F. E. Whitney has been appointed to the
! position vacated by Mr. Cotterman. H.
\V. "W'atklns has been appointed chief
| clerk at large.
Reception to "lan MacLaren."
A reception luncheon will be piven
Rev. John Watson, D.D. (Lan MacLarern.
by St. Andrew's Society and the Presby
terian Ministerial Union in the Map"le
room of the Palace Hotel on "Wednesday,
April 5. 1599. from 12:30 to 2 p. m. Tickets
may be procured at Doxeys, 631 Market
street, under the Palace.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Lost
Vitality
Permanently
Restored
Contracted „
Ailments
Of Men .'.'.'.'."!!.."."'.
Quickly
Cured
Private
Counselor
For Men
Free
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Specialists for All Diseases
and Weakness of Men.
Established
More Than
18 Years
No Pay
Till Cured -
Advice „
Free
DR.MEYERS&CO.
731 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ijCARTEKS
1 ——
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per.
I feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
i ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
| Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
'; Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
| Small Price.
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
lsrr\ V v a l hIH T %t ¥1 aB Ei vt a V 1 E I -^'ki
Marian i Wine Tonic
Marvelous Results in Cases of
SPRING FEVER
j FOR SALE AT ALL DRUGGISTS 1 EVERY-
, WHERE. AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Portrait*
: and endorsements free.
! MARIANI & CO., 11 W 15TH ST.. NEW YORK.
"PEGAMOID"
TRADE MARK. • .;
ALUMINUM PAINT
LOOKS LIKE FROSTED SILVER. '>T\
A EUROPEAN SUCCESS.
For the Past 7 Years.
FOR ALL USES AND USERS
ON WOOD, GLASS. METAL. STONE, BRICK
and FABRIC SURFACES; makes a perfect
amalgamation; covers 2 to 1 over any other
paint, stands 500 DEGREES OF HEAT -with-
out scaling.
BEAUTIFUL, ARTISTIC. DURABLE. WASH-
ABLE. Prevents BARNACLES and FOULING
In SALT WATER, CORROSION and. RUST
from exposure. Send 25c for SAMPLE bottle
and pamphlet, "WHAT IS PEGAMOID?"
WESTERN AGENCIES CO.,
61 and 62. Chronicle Building. 6. F.
OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
>v Steamers leave Broadway
ißfi^saw wharf, San Francisco:
1 {SS^Afek For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
'£$$*$&&* Apr. 1. € - 11. 16 - 21 - 26. MaT 1;
; -wC ■Mj^A change at Seattle.
I HRt!9l^Vl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
&sSfZt£&fs\\ C. Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^^s^^f*w Tacoma. Everett. Anncorte*
1 and New Whatcom ("Wish >.
""* 10 a. m., Apr. 1, 6, 11. 16, 21,
26, May 1, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Apr. 4.
9. 14. 19, 24, 29, May 4, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
Ban Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Apr. 2, 6, 10. 14. IS, 22. 26,
30. May 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis' Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
! m., Apr. 4. 8. 12. 18. 20. 24, 28. May 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Fn.«enada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose tie!
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder. ■
The company reserves the right to chanire
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and r"-mrs of palling.
TICKET OFFICE — I New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Oen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DTPPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PA DC $ 12 Pint Class Including Berth*
IMnu S3 Second Claai and Meals
Columbia sails March 14. 24; April 2, 11, 23.
State of California sails March 13. 2); April
£, 18. 18.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Batta,
Helena and all points In - the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
K. C, WARD, General Agent,
630 Market straeC
GOOD ALL. PERKINS * CO.,
Superintendent.
PBEiHtnroCl Th» B 8 - Australia.
l&ftSSrtii L ralls iOT Honolulu
£""*■■■*' Wednesday. April 5.
y ™ ~j. at 2 p. m.
5a 1 /L*A *8-P 8 - Marlpcsa
JSlHnrcnine) «a»» via Honolula
CylCCIIIUII!^ &/ and Auckland for
(Offlßi3rciJ~ Sydney Wednesday.
VyilipUlttp April 19. at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Pamoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Sues,
England, etc. ; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. (14 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St
-
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW STORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDOM, PABIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
From ■ New York Every Wednesday 30 a. m.
St. Louis April 1: St. Louis May I
Paris April 19 ! Paris May It
New York April 26* St. Paul May 17
RED STAR LINE.
New York and .Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 11 noon.
Southwark April VI Noordland ......May I
Westernland ...April 19iFriesland May 10
Kensington April Southwark May 17
EMPIRE LIME.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
80 Montgomery st.. or any of its agencies.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
•TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
•Br.GI!NM>G APRIL 20th the Steam-
ers of this Service will touch at Plymouth
and Cherbourg on the way to Hamburg.
For sailings, etc.. apply to HAMBURO-
AMERICAN LINE. 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agts. Pacific Coast.
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor. Sansome. and
• 118 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m. tor
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
I connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received en board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday, April II
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May «
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. June 1
I Round trio tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
411 Market street, corner First. *
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
COMPAQNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. , _^J_
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. ■&XKT%\ ■
from Pier 42. North River, foot of SfeiHg&
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. April 8; LA
BRETAGNE, April 15: LA TOURAINE. April
22: LA GASCOGNE. April 29; LA NORMAN-
DIE May 6. First class to Havre, $65 and up-
ward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45, 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERA^. AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 3 Bowling
Green. New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pa-
Ciflc Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. S. F.
BAY AND RIVEH STT.AMERS.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. :
Steamer "Monticello." :.";.'. ?*
Mon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 »!
m.. 8:15. S.-30 p. m. (ex Thurs, night); Fridays
1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays 10:30 a. m.. 8 p m.
Landing and office. Mission-it. Dock. Pier" No.
; L T«leDhone 31a1n.150t. ;..., -..:.,...,,.>•
1 FARE a•«j( ( , ■ 1 1 , . ,j| , , , %J±it tUU.tA.I »60<NO REST FOR
MR. CORRIGAN
IN OAKLAND
Raw Decision Hooted
and Hissed.
FEW LIKE IT ON RECORD
PAT MORRISSEY WON AND WAS
DISQUALIFIED.
Race Given to the Corrigan En
try Adolph Spreckels— The Ex
iled Ingleside Association
Has a Lively Day.
exiled Pacific Coast Jockey Club
revival meeting over at Oakland
terday. San Francisco Is to be
ited that that association can
hold sessions on this side of the
nd Emeryville is to be pitied
first day's racing was marked by a
•80 ridiculous, so uncalled for and
i u.i My offensive. This
he disqualification of the fast g.-ld
■ Morriss< > . after he had ,
he Corrigan entry Adolph Bpreckels
mile selling run. Pullman had the
xint on the latter horse, which was
ni even monej to 7 to 10. Thorpe
Morriapey, and going to the front
led, winning ridden out
favorite a long half length in
Nearly opposite the paddock. Bull
urging his mount hard, thought he
and try to pass Mor
next the rail. Before he got up to
bly thinking he
: iom, hugged the rail
and without Interfering with the
. I lullman t<> go on the
-■-. It was simply an incident that
ev< ry race run.
revelation. Bullman re
-;<uid. removed his saddle
. the idea of claiming a
I ring his mind. Judge Smith
to him as he was returning to the
then called Thorpe Into
All of this time Ed Corrigan,
th< track, wore a troubled
on his face. Perhaps Mr.
- and possibly h.- did not.
here, clearly dlscern
itand. Without much
- ■ decided that Adolph
-ham, fully and bru
. \v:th. and I'at Morrissey
The shouts and howls of
this verdict sounded
Btant Berke-
Many tickets were torn up, and
. liars lost to the rightful
: s in this v
Bookmaker. Joe Rose, a loser to the ex
tent of $4000 by the ruling, ore down his
slate, declaring that he would never book
again on the track. It was a Corrigan
jppque feature that caused many a reputa
ble ;>atron of .the sport to say— good by.
But the strange feature of this equally
strange proceeding was the fact that the
judges overlooked to sell the winner,
Adolph Spreckels. When the last race
was over a demand was made on the offi
cials to bring the horse out to he bid t>n.
After a wait of ten minutes the request
was complied with. and the Corrigan
horse led into the circle in front of the
etand. Entered to be sold for $Wm), he was
••boosted" to $1500. by "Butch" Fisher, the
srable retaining him with the usual jo
bid. And a trifle later, hen aboard the
/•■•rryhoat Berkeley, possibly to give the
whole thing a glossy look, the members of
the press wen- informed that Thorpe had
been set down for the balance of the
vc-ek— except lor his own stable.
This was the only live factor of the
■whole proceedings. Outsiders in the bet
ting had a great inning. Myth 8 to 1, Ping
15 to 1, and Headwater at 25 to 1 being
among the winners. Bullman had a great
following. The promising rider was twice
past the wir* astride winners, and on
four occasions finished second.
After an enforced vacation of many
weeks for acrobatic running, Frank Kit-
man's p'lding Myth made his reappear
ar.co in the opening mile selling run, and
made a runaway race of it. His [.arty got
as good as S to 1 in the ring, and it
proved a romp for the chestnut horse. The
favorite. Opponent, did not seem to be
particularly afflicted with speed, but by
nint of hard riding Bullman landed him
in the place.
Another favorite went down in the mile
and a furlong run. Corrigan's Cabrillo
ruled a subdued sort of favorite, but when
the barrier was released Powell shot to
the front with the 12 to 1 shot Ping, and
was never hfaded. Ridden out, the first
.choice disposed of Prince Blazes for the
middle section of the money.
• The Corrigan filly Basseda had a strong
.call in the betting on the four furlong
ramble for two-year-olds, and won with
apparent ease from Mountebank at the
wire in :48%. Florentla was third.
Ailyar was a pronounced favorite for
the six furlong sprint, fourth to be de
cided, managing. however. to show
little speed. Jones on Headwater made a
runaway race of It. beating Horton out by
three lengths.
• The final mile dash went to Los Me
.danos. the favorite, with Frohman a good
6tcond. .Bullman piloted the winner.
To-Day's Entries.
Fir*? Rare— Pix furlongs : three-year-olds and
upward: Falling:.
??4 Sevoy l^i ?<¥> Horatio 112
908 Hichland 8a11. .113 Sl3 Lavator 101
?:: H Harrison JrlOl 898 Crossmollna .... 85
. 902 IVtrarrh 109' J«l Sweet ''likes- 93
• (So2)Polka 951 ST."! Aluminum .. H«
197 Heigh Ho 101 v -) El Salado 110
BSO Dlrky Binl r*5 J SSI < harmante 93
<St>6)Gov. heehan...ll2 (7«B)Pronmto 109
90* Socialist 106 SO2 Don Luis 10C
Peeond Race Four furlong: two-year-olds.
g« Morbid 110 1 903 Icedrop I".',
no Artemis -~ f'K> Orthia 105
(g&DSIIver Tall l 1" 829 Sir Hampton.... 98
PO3 Llapa 03 7*53 Yantlc 95
SlO Flamora 110 904 Tom Sharkey... 93
910 Alary's Garter.. 106 f,?,3 Catulus 95
Third Race-One and an eiprhth miles; hurdle.
880 Thr»e Forks'..... 151 1 SB7 Joe Cotton 161
652 Col Bartlett... .ll3 915 Colonial Dame. .l4l
567 University 1511 Ml Rossmore 151
Fourth RarA— One mile; selling; three-yfar
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Good
Reputation
and extended use of
Brown's Bronchial
Troches, for Coughs
and Throat Troubles,
has caused them to
be extensively imi-
tated.
The title "Bronchial Troche?
was established as a trademark
by John I. Brown & Son, in 1656.
Making or selling lozenges
under the name of "Bronchial
Troches" is a violation of this
trademark, which has been sus-
tained by the courts in numer-
ous cases.
, Dealers are cautioned against
selling infringements on
Brown's Bronchial Troches,
which are sold only in boxes
(25c., 50c., and $1.00 with the
ac-simile jiffs? ,/
signature of
on outsiie wrapper of box.
olds and uyiward.
BM Sir Trian S9 547 Joe Mu»sl« 11l
<71'.)Gauntlet 106 KS9 Royemald 100
S-13 Wyoming 106 <9n9)Benamela 106
909 Stamina 96 897 Ruskin 104
BS4 Roadrunner 111 890 Oleodora S3
914 Guilder 104 S?T Kamsin 106
Fifth Race — Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward.
909 Harry Thoburn.lll HO Bonita 106
596 Bliss Rucker 111 SO9 February 109
«92 Geyser 114 902 Henry C 103
176 Grady 114 915 Merry Boy 11l
902 Midas 11l 777 Crawford 114
STB New Moon 10ft 911 Tempo 11l
90 Sea Spray 11l ...Grand Sachem.. MS
787 Silver State 109 70 Loch Ness 114
810 Lorena 11 109
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward.
901 Recreation 106 913 Maud Ferguson. 95
567 Don Fulano 114 753 Lost Girl 1«
(907)L,lmewater t<M'(BB7)Bt Calatlne 106
911 La Ooleta i"« 817 Caspar 114
Selections for To-Day.
Firct Race— carter H. Harrison Jr., El Sa
lado. Highland Ball.
Second Race- Orthla. Flamora, Silver Tall.
Third Rare— Colonel Bartlett, Joe Cotton,
Colonial Dame.
Fourth Race- -Wyoming. Benamela, Stamina.
Fifth Race— Geyser, Harry Thoburn, Febru
ary.
Sixth Race— La Goleta, St. Calatlne, Lime
water.
Abe Schwartz Arrested.
Abe Schwartz, son of Henry Schwartz,
the bookmaker, was arrested at Emery
ville track yesterday and taken to the
Oakland City Prison on a warrant charg
ing him with grand larceny. The name
was erroneously reported previously as
Leo Schwartz through the error of a
track officer. He was later released on
$1001 cash ball.
Schwartz is the young man who, it Is
claimed, snatched a handful of currency
from the cash box of Bookmaker Johnny
("oleman during the progress of the races
on Saturday last. He disclaims all knowl
edge of the affair. It is understood
though, that George Suydam. cashier of
the book, is positive that Schwartz took
the coin.
OLYMPIC CONTESTS.
Finals in the Indoor Baseball and
Water Polo Tournaments.
There is a boom in Indoor athletics at
the Olympic Ciub at the present time.
On Tuesday. April 4. the final indoor base
ball game for the coast championship will i
be played in the club gymnasium between
the Olympic nine and a team represent
ing the Men's Christian Associa
tion. The Reliance Club is out of the race
and the cup will go either to the clubmen
on this side of the bay or the Young
Men s ( hristian Association nine. Both |
teams are practicing for the match, as Its
victory means a handsome silver cup
On April 9 the Olympic team will go to I
Stockton to play the Stockton Athletic '
Club. The men will leave here on Satur
day evening, traveling hy boat. The game
will be played the following evening in the
Exposition building. A large delegation
of Olympians will accompany the team.
The water polo tournament will come to
a close this week when the White Caps
under the captaincy of Tivoli Kreling and
the Red Caps under George A. Hinkel
meet for the championship cup. The riv
alry existing between these two teams Is
intense, and a hot time is expected in the
cold club tank. The teams will float as
follows:
White Caps. Positions. Red Cars.
A I'nnpcr Forward G. A. Hinkel
J. H^hson Forward J. J. Phillips
J. Conneley Onter Ale* Pape
A. Crnal Halfback F. Burnett*
J. Jellette Back Q. Habenkh
Griffith Bark C Melroae
C. Krr-linp ( Cap t.)... Back 0.. James
A Murderous Chinese.
Thomas Kelly. 1629 Pine strept. swore
to a complaint In Judge Graham's court
yesterday for the arrest of a Chinese em
ployed by him on the charge of assault
with a deadly weapon. Kelly said the
Chinese thought he had a grievance
against him and yesterday morning
seized a gun and attempted to shoot
him. Kelly took refuge in flight and hur
ried to tho Police Court.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
VI Seventh st., corner Mission. Salt water,
direct from ocean.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Monday, April 3, 1899. — Sixty-first
day of the winter meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast.
JOSEPH A. MURPHY. Presiding Judge.
JAMES B. FERGUSON. Starter.
Ql_l FIRST RACE— mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
. :
* I I ' I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight St. Vim. Vim. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. Op. CI.
548 Myth. 6 108,9 2h 12 16 14 14 .Joe Weber.... 6 .
837 Opponenet, 4 104 1 6Vi 6h 6% 2h 21 .jßullman ...:.. 4-5 11-10
886 Jennie Reid, 3 87 6 8% 9 7% 42 31 J. Relit 5 8
881 Rev Hooker, 3 1-6 | 3 11 3 1 2 4 3 h 42 [Rutherford... 10 60
913 Guilder, 4 106 8 51 5% £2 52 53 |Devin 1 12 20
$98 The Fretter, 3 94 5 7% 4h 3h 61 64 MeNiehols ... 5 9
901 Hohenzollern 5 115,4 4% 2h 4% 73 72 jPlggott 8 10
SB2 Truxlllo. 5 111,10 9 84 9 S3 84 Uones 6 30
873 Bueno. a 10S| 2 31 7 1 82 9 9 jCoburri 30 300
j Index. Horse. Age. Weight
St.
Vim.
Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin. I
Time— %, :25Vi: %. :50; %] 1:15%; mile. I:4lV*. Winner. F. J. Kittleman*s eh. g. by Imp
Killtcrates-Paradox. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving
The result was never In doubt. Myth being eased up at the end. Opponent was late In
collecting his speed. Rey Hooker should have been third. McNlchols rode The Fretter.
QIC SECOND RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward-
UIO» purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. ; St. Std. %m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Retting.
Ofi- c;.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Std. %m. Vim. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. (Jp. ci.
(816) Ping, 4 106 j 9 11 12 14 11% 11% 12 11. Powell | 6 12
693 Cabrillo. a 110 3 2Vi 2h 2 1 3 2 2 1 2 4 Bullman 2 13-5
907 Prince Blazes, 4.... 105[ 6 4h 4h 3h 2h 32 3 3 E. Jones 7 6
902 Merry Boy, 5 107 ;10 8% 71 6h 42 42 42 J. Russell 60 100
888 Dare 11. 5.... 110, 7 61 5% 5Vi 51 5% 53 Macklin 3 7-2
834 Frank Jaubert, 6.. .101 8 5h 62 72 61 6% 62 Devln 6 10
(801) McFariane, a WW] 1 111 10.1 104 9 2 9 1 7 h McNlchols ... 10 25
907 Byron Cross. 4 IDS 11 9 1 9 2 9 1 8 3 8 6 810 XV. Narvaez.. ion 150
907 Una Colorado, a 107,4 31 31 41 74 72 93 Jenkins 3 6
902 Colonial Dame. 4... 101 2 10 Vi 8% 81%10 3 10 10 - J.Daly 20 -.
876 Dick Behan, a 110; 7 % 11 5 115 114 11 111 jHahn 12 30
(872) Adam Andrew, 5. ..110 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 'Coburn 10 30
Time— %, :13; %, :37%; %. l.«%; %, 1:28%: mile. 1:41%; 1% miles, 1:54%. Winner, W
B. Coffey's b. h. by imp. Maxim-Music. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv-
ing.
Ping shows vast Improvement. Cabrillo showed signs of lameness, but ran his race.
Merry Boy will bear watching. McFariane frightfully handled. Colorado stopped.
Scratched— Durward 107, Montallade 107, Stan Towers 103, Peter II 110, Bridlington 106
Billy McCioskey 110.
. .
Qlft THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
I ■'•'■.•' " I " i n»..,
Betting
Index. Horse. Weight. St. %m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. [ Jockeys. Op. CL
(903) Baaseda 110 4 ... ... 2 1%.. 1 h 12% IBullman T-5 113
SS6 Mountebank 113, 2 ... ... 11 2 2 2 4 Thorpe 4 5
881 Florentla 105 1 ... ... 3 1 3 2 3n Jones 6 9
891 Rachel C 105 3 5 2 4 3 4 8 ,J. Daly S 10
810 Itlllouette 105 6 ...... 6 6 5 1 |MeN*ichols ... 50 150
... Surigao 105 5 ....... 4 1 52 6_ |Jenklns 50 150
Time ' 2. %, :4?%. Winner. E. Corrigan's br. f. by imp. Bassetlaw-Duchess of Tow-
ers. Good start. Won easily. Second easily. Third driving.
Basseda was best. She cut Rachel C off soon after start. ,
Weight. St
%m.
Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
2-5
4
6
S
50
50
1-3
5
9
10
150
150
QI«T FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
%m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
394 Headwater 105 2
(881) Horton 106 3
695 Ailyar 104 j 5
869 Montanus ....104 4
851 Malay 10S| 1
1 2
2 h
4 2
5
3 h
_______
1 2%
3 3
2 1
5
4_l
1 3
3 2
2 %
4 2
5
1 3 '
2 3 j
3 6
4 1 !
5 ' 1
E. Jones ;
Bullman :....
J. Relff
15 15
2 »-5
1 6-0
6 11-2
2" 25.
Devln ;
Jenkins
Time— Vi. :24V4; '_. :4.Vi; %. 1:13%. Winner. H. L. Jones & f'o.'s br.' g. by imp. Water-
cress- Headflower. Straggling start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Headwater had all sorts of speed. Ailyar probably short. Montanus waa a disappoint-
ment. Malay fancies a muddy track.
Scratched— Jinks 99. r ■ ' '
Q| jj FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds ; and upward; purse, $500.
Index. Horse.. Age. Weight. ,
iSt.
%m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
888 Pat Morrlssey. 5...110; 1
826 Ad Spreckels. 5 ill 5
907 Torslda. 4 104 j 4
.94 Mldlight. 5 103; 3
900 Mlstleton, 5 104 *
1 3
3 >.
2 %
4 5
5
1 3
2 n
3 3
4 8
5
_____
1 3
2 3
3 5
4 8
5
13-
-2 Vi
3 5
4 6
5
•1 1
2 6
3 9
4 1
5
urpe
llman .....
lklns
i Weber....
'Nichols ...
5-2 3
1 7-10
4 11-2
10 12
10 20
•Disqualified "for fouling and placed last.
Time— Vi. :25'i : *_. :49%; %. 1:14%; mile. 1:40%. Winner. E. Corrigan's br. g. by Long-
fellow-Jennie Treaoy. Good start. Won first three driving.
Pat Morrlssey. won on his merits, but was robbed of the race. Spreckels was up to
"big doings." ; ] -. - -- syii'.,' '
QIC. SIXTH RACE— mile; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index: Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
881 Los Medanos, 3 1
901 Frohman, 4 1
907 P. A. Finnegan, 4..1
874 Humidity, 3
828 Bonnie lone, *•■.••••
885 Judge Wofford. 3..
889 None Such. 4
Hi... Gold Fin, 3
I 3
j!
6
4
I 6
|:
2 h
1 1%
8 2%
5 25
4 2
6
2 1.
1 2%
3 4
5 30 .
4 2 '
6
1 h
2 2
3 4
4 2
6 40
6
1 n
2 2
3 3
4 2
6 40
6
1 3
2 4
8 6 '
4 2:
5 40
6
... |
-unman
. Daly
ones ...... '.,.1
-•evin ........
.IcNlcltls ...
2 8-5
3 4
6 5
8-5 2
15 40
100 150
15 . 60
100 60
'ohnsoii.'.V.-V;
. Relff ;
I:
Ciley ......:..!
Time— % :25%; %, :60%: %, 1:15%; mile, 1:42. Winner. E. J. Baldwin's br.. c. by imp.
Chesterfleld-Janova. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Humidity had no speed. Los Medanos won easily. Others out of their class.
Scratched— Morinel 90, Alhaja 87, Cardwell 115, Meadow Lark 100, Henry C 81, Einstein
104. Jingle Jingle 89.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 4, 1899.
NO MORE MONEY
FOR AGED AND
INFIRM FIREMEN
Pension Fund Law Is
Unconstitutional.
SUPREME COURT SO DECLARES
THE AUDITOR WILL NOT PAY
DEMANDS.
Acting on the Advice of His Attor
ney — Deserving Pensioners Now
Face a Serious
Problem.
The money in the pension fund of the
Exempt Firemen's Association is no
longer at the disposal of the members of
that organization. As a consequence
seventy-four aged, infirm or disabled fire
men, who have heretofore looked to the
city for support through the pension fund
provided for that purpose, are confronted
with the most serious problem in life.
Many of them must either become
charges on their relatives or friends, be
come inmates of the Almshouse or starve
to death.
This serious condition of affairs was
made known to them on Saturday, when
Auditor "Wells, acting on the advice of his
attorney, refused to audit their monthly
demands on the treasury. These demands
aggregate $1000 and are for sums ranging
from $10 to $25.
For many years the city has paid an ag
gregate of $12,000 a year in pensions to
members of the Exempt Firemen's As-
Boclatlon, such payment being authorized
by an act of the legislature of 1*95, which
aci repealed a similar act passed by the
Legislature in 1889. By the provisions of
the existing law the city Is empowered to
set aside $12,000 annually for the payment
of pensions to aged, infirm or disabled
firemen. This has been religiously done
during past years and the tlreme'n who
were deemed worthy of pensions by the
Exempt Firemen's Association have, on
the first day of each succeeding month,
received a total sum of $10<)0. Now the
Supreme Court comes forward with a de
cision, rendered on the fourth of last
month, in which it is held that the law
authorizing the appropriation of this
money is unconstitutional and therefore
without effect. Acting on this decision
Auditor Wells has refused to audit the de
mands for March of the seventy-four fire
in. ii on the pension rolls of the associa
tion.
The Supreme Court decision that has
caused all of tne trouble was rendered in
the case of George Taylor against thf city
of Oakland. The suit was one in which
the plaintiff sued to compel the munici
pality to pay his pension under the law
authorizing the creation by municipalities
of a firemen's pension fund. The court
held that the statute of 1595 was in con
flict with sections 31 and 32 of article IV
of tne constitution of the State of Califor
nia, which prohibits the Legislature from
making or authorizing the gift of any
public moneys, State >>r municipal, to any
person, association or corporation. The
court says:
A comparison of the act In question with
an act passed for a similar purpose by th-
Legislature of 1889 will direct the attention
at once tv the want of consideration for the
gift contemplated by the act of 1R95. This
act of ISS9 provides that no person shall
share In the funds of the municipality un
less he shall serve in the Fire Department
of that particular municipality for fifteen
years or shall have received injury in the
actual discharge of fire fluty therein. No
such condition or restriction as this Is to be
found in tho act of IW>. but. on the con
trary, all exempt firemen by becoming resi
dents and being enrolled must bo permitted
to participate in the funds of the munici
pality when they become disabled, whether
they have ever performed any service in
such municipality or not. This constitutes
a grift and makes the statute subject to the
objections already pointed out and which
have already been laid down by the Su
preme Court.
The decision affects San Francisco
equally with every other municipality in
the State. Believing this to be so. Au
ditor Wells submitted the matter to his
attorney and was informed that he (the
Auditor) would be exceeding his authority
if he continued to authorize the payment
of money appropriated under an act that
had been declared by the Supreme Court
to be unconstitutional. When the pension
demands were presented on the Ist of the
present month the Auditor therefore gave
notice of his intention to withhold his
signature.
The last Legislature passed a bill
which, had it become a law. would have
rectified the mistakes of the present stat
ute, but Governor Gage In his wisdom saw
fit to give it a socket veto. As the case
now stands a great number of deserving
pensioners in this and other cities in the
State are left without the means that an
appreciative public has provided for their
relief and support.
"I see no way in which the situation can
be remedied." "said Auditor w ells yester
day, "until the next session of the Legis
lature."
GREEN AND SMITH
READY FOR BATTLE
HEAVY WELTER-WEIGHTS ARE
IN FINE FORM.
The Western Club Expects a Large
Crowd to See the Fight Between
Tracey and Neill.
The boxing Instructor of the Olympic
Club, Professor Van Court, Is authority
for the statement that George Green, v,-ho
is matched to fight Billy (Mysterious)
Smith on Friday night, is now in better
condition to enter a hard fistic contest
than he has been for three years to his
knowledge.
This will be cheering news to pome of
the friends of Green, who were of the
opinion that the local welter-weight had
already seen his best days as a pugilist
and that his chances of success against j
si. oh a hard puncher as Smith were only!
slight. Green has been training since
the match was consummated near the
Cliff House and at the Olympic flub. He
expects to enter the ring at the limit
weight, which is 154 pounds; doubtless
his opponent. Smith, will tight at 152
pounds, which weight, h>- contends, will
land him in the ring feeling strong and
able to go any distance.
Smith, who is training in "Alameda, is
very confident of success. A friend of
Green said yesterday that, had it not
been for the excessive heat which pre
vailed on the evening he was defeated by
Smith in New York, the Mysterious man
would certainly have taken the loser's
end of the purse. Green could not stand
the fearful heat of the July night and be
came almost exhausted after battling for
fifteen rounds. The local man must,
however, show considerable improvement
in his gait on Friday evening to satisfy
the sports of this city that he has not
retrograded since he received that whip
ping from black Walcott.
Manager Long of the Western Athletic
Club is exc> i dingly well pleased with the
match he has arranged to take place in
Woodwards Pavilion on the evening of.
the 2iith inst. Tom Tracey is one of the '
most shifty lads in the fighting line, and i
during his years of hard experience in
fighting all kinds of men he has gained
a fund of knowledge which makes him
a master of the game of hit and miss.
N'eill is a strong and game fellow who !
will take heavy punishment. He is not j
as shifty or as cunning as Tracey, but
his friends are very confident that he can j
whip the Australian by employing ag
gressive tactics. The COntdSt will, how
ever, prove what Xelll Is capable of do
ing when he comes into contact with
such a ringster as Tracey, who. by thf>
way. has promised the managers of the
Western riub that h.' will not resort to
running and dodging tactics on this oc
casion.
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
give Its monthly exhibition this evening.
E. ('nine will box six rounds with C.
Vickers. "Kid" Johnson will box six
rounds with J. Bell. "Kid " Hogan will
meet Art Granfleld in a six-round bout.
W. Condon is bonked to meet C. Thurs
ton. and John Dean, a clever lightweight
of the club, will contest six rounds with
George Haker of Bait Lake, who is here
looking for snaps.
SPORT FOR THE LADIES.
The Olympic Club Will Give an En-
joyable Entertainment This
Evening.
The Olympic Club will give a very pleas
ant entertainment this evening to its
members and their lady friends. It -will
be known as ladies' night and the pro
gramme of exercises consists of novelty
indoor athletics, such as potato races in
the swimming tank and Indoor baseball,
under the supervision of John A. Ham
mersmith, the leader of the club.
Following is the list of the ball and
water polo teams:
BALL, TEAMS.
Olympic. Positions. T. M. C. A.
G. James Catcher F. Foran
J. Morton Pitcher W. Harbour
W. McLaine Second base...'. F. Shaw
W. Hanrahan Third base D. Hanrahan
C. KrPlinn Shortstop P. Scott
L. Follansbee Firet base E. C. McShane
G. Follanpbee HIrM short O. Bernhardt
C. Derham Right field H. Morton
P. Butz. Loft field J. Toohy
WATER POT/> TEAMS.
White Caps. Positions. Red Caps.
A Cooper I B-or-ard i •<*• A. Hlnkel (rap.)
J. Hobson i rorwam 1 J. J. Phillips
E. Connolly Center Alex. Pap*
A. Croal Halfback F. Burnett*
I. .Toilette '.Rnrks ■ °- Habenlcht
C. Griffith fancies "I C MelroM
C. Krellng (cap.)... Goal <;. James
Potato race— E. Connolly F. Bunreas, G.
Klarmann. W. Bush, O. Hlnkel. Al Stone, J.
W. Col Troth.
Platt Caught No Fish.
A. G. Platt. special Assessor appointed
by the Board of Supervisors, called upon
Customs Collector Jackson yesterday
morning and requested the Collector to
Inform him as to the total value of the
merchandise now in the United States
bonded warehouses in this city.
The Collector declined to give the infor
mation. His declination was based upon
the rule of the department enforcing se-»
crecy in such matters, and also upon the
fact that merchandise In bonded ware
houses is not the property of the Import
ers, for It ma>\ be condemned and confis
cated or destroyed or ordered shipped out
of the country for many reasons.
Floral and plain crepe, tissue paper,
flowers and lamp shades, cheap, at Sah
born & Vails. 741 Market street. *
Marine Firemen's Funds.
The preliminary examination of Ber
nard Ward, ex-flnancial secretary of the
Marine Firemen's I'nion. charged with
embezzling $3000 drawn from the Hlbcrnia
Bank, was held before Judge Conlan
yesterday, and after hearing the evidence,
which was very flimsy, the Judge re
served his decision until to-day. The other
three charges against Ward were dis
missed owing to a defect In the com
plaints.
Chinese Gamblers Fined.
The thirty-one Chinese. Filipinos and
white men arrested Saturday night by
Lieutenant Price and po^se for playing
fan tan pleaded guilty in Judge Mogan s
court yesterday and were each fined $5
"Won Chew, the keeper of a lottery
"joint," was yesterday fined $mo by Act-
Ing Police Judge Barry, with the alterna
tive of fifty days in the County Jail.
He Was Biind Drunk.
Thomas Dunne, an old blind man. ap
peared before Artlng Police Judge Barry
yesterday on . the charge of vagrancy
He admitted to the Judge that ho was
drunk when arrested and the Judge said
he would give him ten days for beiniz
"blind drunk."
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter, room* 6-7.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. THj EMPORIUM.
I The Feist Stock \
* P^^fe/ // Thousands of dollars' worth of House Furnish- 5
* inff Go °ds> Crockery, Toys, Games, Etc., 3
* bou ght by us at on the dollar of wholesale cost, are on I
J sale this week at about one-half regular prices— 2
* positively the lowest prices that similar goods were ever |
f offered for in at About SOc on the $1. *
Thousands of dollars' worth of House Furnish^ 5
ing Goods, Crockery, Toys, Games, Etc., 3
bought by us at $oc on ihe dollar nf wholesale cost, are on «
sale this week at about one-half regular pHces J
positively the lowest prices that similar goods were ever £
offered for in this city. J
i There are hundreds of useful articles that are needed in X
* I ,fj[! j| evsrv household, but in many' instances only a few of each 5
* '111 iln l\ kind. Early comers will not be disappointed. %
* ' ' \\\\ ' 'I'll ! House Furnishing Goods, Crockery, Toys, Etc., in spa- *
* M il I ' daily arranged departments— main aisle, rear of rotunda. *
* jj Dolls, Wagons and Heavy Toys in rotunda, second floor, ♦
* ££r next to Toy Department. *
* !
* HOU*ml*holtl GtmOtiS. l°-° ? nd 2 , ri full - slze(l Hammers... ..Oo | Moist Paint Boxes— moist colors In wood Z.
A *W%9WM9*Zmm%Bm%M «WVVC#9a 2oc long-handled Steel Cleavers lOc box with hinge cover— only ->Oc *
A• _. ... . . . „,.„ „ i, <„ 60c White Enameled Egg Poachers 33c js2 Magic Lanterns with view 5..."...'.'.".'.'. »1 ♦
„ Feist 5c Colored Shelf Paper, package.. 1c ■« 1 en i pr a q n iHi pr «. v . i_, __ . 'j'.'."~*
* Felsfs 40c Perfection Wash Boards. .lOc I/ erv l ar[rf , assortment Of White Soldiers, cavalry or Infantry ♦
A Large 5c size Embossed Tin Cups ..3c r cry large assortment Of IV HIM joc'VireinVn' with Engine' Wn *
#, Feist's 10c Knife and Fork Boxes, japan- Enameled Kettles, SaUCep2tlS, Stu^dCtoth Moneys f^'tte'baby^S *
* Feat's 3 " c"V;iover 'Leaf" Candle Sticks.Vi^c Platter Vegetable Dishes, etc.— '°° X ° ah ' S Ark ' wlth vn P alnt animals «
Asc and We Fancy Embossed Tin Trays. .3c some slightly chipped in moving £^^Sc^'^" ••••••• oV C ■
A . Feist's 5c Cookie Cutters, fancy Shapes.. 2c SOtUe sllghtlv dubbed Itl THOVing ,£ t^*wS2iS2S.™' nA- ?f^ *
* 2 F 5c 1 a t n s dlc S FinSef l cor^^^ and handlifig-ou salewhilelot «r^BHi^ now::::::::::: lo^ J
I }£ SSi^cS^^bE:.* lasts at a fraction of original cost. ggisS^^^E^S «
* ]o 5 c C Liron P sre:z B ers.-exiraVargeand-g^ S^^Jh^^^^^iS »?5 .wlng Baby J^per combined *
5 ones ...................._.... 25c Be Nickel-Plated Towel Racks, slightly 50c 22-Inch Cradles, pink or biue7.7' 7.725c- «
* 2oc Fancy Wood Spice Cabinets l*»c scratched 8c Strong Beach Shovels and Sand Spades 3c Z
A 25c Wood Salt 80xe5... ...... lOc 50c, 60c and 85c Doll Parlor Furniture, at.. T
A 80c and $1 highly polished Hardwood Bait ■ Cmmng%Ug*—vm f «s*MMO 30c. 35c and 50c ♦
* ,- Boxes n0w.... ."••■<; «.,«• **rOGnery L3MipSm 26c. 75c, $1 and ii 25 ' Soldier Suits «
y 25c Knife-Sharpening Stones Klc ■ . i~ . ;^oc 45e and mv. Jt.
* Bottle Corkers— Feist's price 40c, sale price English Decorated Tea Cups and Saucers. Arctic Reins "with hells ' 1o I
A Hie. blue, black or brown decorations, regu- 60c Nursery Baskets '4*oo ■*»
» Hardwood Mustard Spoons lc larly $1 30 for set of 6, now 40c 7,-, Nursery Baskets ' 4^n ♦
T Brass-hinged BUtter Molds. 2-1!) size, round 25c English Decorated Milk Pitchers. ..l2c 90c Waste Baskets 17 inches 'high s">e *
* or square, now lOc Clear Glass Lemonade Glasses, with han- jsl 25 Sets of Dishes in basket " TOo Jl.
A Oval Dish Pans, in best quality white en- dies, regularly 90c dozen, now each 5c | 25c Jack-in Box ' is, "
A ameled ware AT ONE-HALF REGULAR English Tea Sets. 44 pieces, decorations In A , '. ■■■■■•••■••••■■«)«
T prices. pink, blue or brown, slight manufactur- A targe assortment of Median- ♦
I A few 5, 10 and 15-gallon Water Coolers, er>!! Imperfections, to close out. per set.. a.-/ j f /A C pl \* rfr.rU nt «
* slightly scratched, at HALF PRICE. *2 03 '<- at JOYS I r ol7l tile teiSt SIOCK, fl* J
A Chipmunk or White Mouse Cages, with Polished Brass Banquet Lamps— center- nhout half TPOlllnr m<it *
A wheel, paint slightly scratched? regularly draft burners-colored glass globes, regu- UOOUI nail regular. COSt.
T 75c. to close out '. Oc larly |2 OS, n0w....; 9131 -, _ *m% MM •
* A few dozen Oak Hat Racks, slightly dam- %&3iiG OF LSO'lSm Z.
* aged, 4, 6 and 8-hook, regularly 60c, 75c T/liffi m^ ********* £"#*» T
A and $1. now 15c, 20c and 350 ■ "JT **? MalfleSj BLSCm Felsfs 2.'c Jointed Dolls 1.«5e ♦
A $1 75 Galvanized Iron Ash Barrels, now... .. ».,"„"';.;, These Doll» are 14 inches long, have glass *
X 9110 20c professional Baseballs lOc eyes, teeth, long flaxen hair and are mov- 2
* 10-quart Tin Water Pails lOc 4._.0 Professional Dead Baseball 2Oc able at all Joints. *
* Feist's 10c Nut Crackers 4c I* c 4 sh Bats oil finish 3Oc 25c kid jointed bodied Dolls, with bisque **
A 15c Cake Turners, large size, flexible steel E? c B 2 ? Ash Bats, oil finish 25c heads, shoes and stockings 15c ♦
T 5 C $1 2.> Prisoner of /en. la Game «Oc 26c dressed, Jointed D 0115..". 15c «
T' Bronzed Iron Swinging Bird Cage Brack- sf>c Yale and Princeton Football Game. 27c 50e kid-Jointed Dolls, with bisque heads.... J,
A et5..... 3c 50c Old Maid and Old Bachelor Game. ..2sc 24 . ™
A 5c boxes German Night Lights. ...2 for 5c .And nirltlV nthrrs filHlllv /7« Inrr- 23c "Pa" and "Ma" Dolls 15c ♦
A «'• and gc Wire Tea Strainers, Mack en- «"'"* many Uintlb eqUJUy OS WO, Feis s 7Sc full-Jointed D 0115.... 35c *
« ameled handles, now 3c triCCd. Feists $1 full-Jointed Dolls, bisque head £
f ' Good Icepicks, some slightly rusted. now ' . long, curly wig. ?»!ass' eyes teeth, fancy JL
* 5c ABC Cubes— 7sc ones, 30c; 35c. ones, 15c; chemise, length 20* Inches: now . 60c ~
A Strong, serviceable Stove Pokers 3c 25c ones lOc $1 Trilby dress Jointed Dolls for sOc ♦
jt Rising Sun Stove Polish, large size 4c $1 75 Hardwood Croquet Sets OOc $1 dressed Dolls, lace-trimmed satin dress- *
T 20c Fancy Tiled Teapot Stands, with metal $4 very tine Croquet Sets $ 2 4O es. with bonnets to match, shoes and «i
* rims 9e |1 Rotaryscopes, with pictures, n0w. ..30c stockings, length 16^ Inches, now..«Oc £
* One-Third Off During the sale of the Feist stock we offer our entire stock of Banquet Lamps, Bisque *
* Figures, Dresden and China Ornaments, Bric-a-Brac, English and Bohemian Vases at the above re- X
* duction from regular prices. . <*
* One-Half Off— During the sale of the Feist stock we offer our entire stock of Bohemian Cut Glassware, %
a Rose Bowls, Vases, Cream Pitchers, Cologne Bottles, Olive Dishes, etc., at the above reduction from ♦
* regular marked prices. v
i again Saturday, P^ Co Itllle BaiaaP. H logue for Spring ' I
£ .April 8, CALIFO%NIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE, and Summer. *
FLORENCE IS
DECLARED THE
SOLE HEIRESS
Gypsy Blythes'Claims
Are Dismissed.
SHE GETS FIVE MILLIONS
VERDICT FROM SUPREME COURT
OF THE UNITED STATES.
Final Decision Has Been Rendered
in the Long and Bitter Litiga
tion Over the Big
Estate.
The highest tribunal in the land, the Su
preme Court of the United States, has
given its final decision in the Blythe liti
gation, and it seems that Florence Blythe
Hinckley is at last secure in the posses
sion of the fortune left by Thomas H.
Blythe precisely sixteen years ago, for
his death took place, on April 4, 1883.
The decision was in the suit of John \V.
Blythe and Henry T. Blythe, known as
■•tin- Kentucky" or "Qypsy" Blythes.
against Florence Blythe Hinckley, and. as
reported in a telegram received by the
defendant yesterday afternoon from
Washington, P. •'-, recites that "the
Blythe appeal has been dismissed on the
authority of the cases formerly cited.
Chief Justice Fuller to-day delivered an
opinion holding that the decisions of the
State court disposed of the constitutional
and treaty questions and of the objec
tions respecting section IH7S of the United
Btatee revised statutes." This decision
was tjiven on motion of Attorneys John
Qarber and Robert Y. Haynes to dismiss
or affirm a summary process that waives
argument in court and, disregarding the
court calendar, brines the case up for de
cision on "law and motion day"— the first
Monday in the month— thus saving many
weary months of litigation.
The property left by Thomas H. Blythe
at his demise In lss.'i was estimated to be
worth $6,000,000. It consisted chiefly of
San Francisco real estate, including the
famous Blyihe block on Market and
Geary streets and Grant avenue, and it
produced a revenue of more than $15,000
a month, and this is the fortune of which
Mrs. Florence Blythe Hinckley becomes
possessed through the decision of the
United States Supreme Court. The at
torneys' fees .in the litigation have been
heavy, but the income of the estate has.
it is said, been sufficient to defray them.
Blythe died a bachelor, but there were
several lurid episodes in his career on
which colorable claim was made to a
share in his estate. When the litigation
over the property he had accumulated
was fairly under way, there were no less
than thirty-one claimants to portions of
it the chief claimants being Alice Edith
Blythe. who set up a claim as the mil
lionaire's widow, and Florence Blythe,
now the widow of Frederick W.. or
"Fritz." Hinckley. Alice Edith's claim
went glimmering under the sledge-ham
mer blows of the many attorneys who
took part In the litigation, and Florence's
attorneys downed one opponent after an
other until by this last decision her
claims stand incontrovertible. She is
the daughter of a woman whom Blythe
met in London while she was still un
married, and the courts have held that
he recognized Florence as his daughter.
She came to this country on Blythe's
death, when she was but 10 years of age.
and, shortly after attaining her majoriiv,
became the bride of "Fritz" Hinckley,
son of the well known foundry man. Mr.
Hinckley died of pneumonia a year or so
I ago.
The "Kentucky," or "Gypsy," Blythes'
claim was based on the supposition that
Thomas H. Blythe died without issue and
that inheritance therefore vested, through
I common ancestry, in John W. and Henry
'T. Blythe of Kentucky. They maintained
, that Thomas H. Blythe was of Gypsy
I ancestry, though he ignored that fact on
! coming to this country, and that his near
est kin are the descendants of a Gypsy
i Blythe who settled In Kentucky many
! years ago. Their latest contention has
j been that an alien of British birth can
not Inherit, there being no treaty to that
effect with Greal Britain, and that Flor
ence Blythe being an alien at the time of
Thomas Blythe's death and for more than
the statutory limitation of rive > ears |
I thereafter, could net legally claim the i
dead millionaire's fortune. The words of
the telegram, "holding that the decision
of the State court disposed of the con
stitutional and treaty question," would
seem to settle this matter "once and for
i all.
But Attorney Edmund Burke Holladay,
who has the Interests of the "Kentucky"
Blythes in charge, refuses as yet to be
lieve that the new decision is all-compre
hensive. "Wait until we see the full text
of the decision." he said last night, "and
then we shall know."
GEESE ARE TUMBLED
BY EXPERT HUNTSMEN
FOUR /ELL KNOWN MEN ENJOY
GOOD SHOOTING.
Grand Prairie Alive With Wild Fowl
That Are Brought to Earth
by the Sportsmen.
A niimhcr of well-known club mm met
In the rooms of the San Francisco Club
last evening and the conversation turned
upon the subject of feats with rod and
gun. W. W, Foote had just finished a
yarn about the way he landed a gamy
trout weighing pounds when" Henry
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBKBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBEBBBBBB
[ CURES PAIN -^ij
■ Rheumatism, Sciatica and Muscular '^.mS m n
m Pains Yield to Electrical "^^^^m^m "
B I have cured over 3000 cases of rheumatism MfflmßWßMWßft B
a during the past rive years. A day does not pass MofflWWiSl B
| without a report of the cure of some case of JWj^JBPmbWJJB J^
I this kind. My improved methods of using mHw«'^^^k^§R n
J* Electricity reach the pain and drive 't out of flSS'^SlsSiWjHsi H
I the body, no matter where it rests. It warms • JHMttBISgMBJWBa • H
a the blood and electrifies the nerves. If you W&: B
- have a pain or an ache call and see It, or let MMWMISaiBM ~X
B me send you a book telling about it, free. Call T\iaSw!aB
a or address bVR
§ dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, IP" 5
S3 702 Market St., cor. Kearny, S. F. SEND FOR MY BOOK, tZ
B . Or 204H South Broadway. Los Angeles. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN,"' B
B Office hours— a. m. to S:3O p. m. ; Sundays, . -■
B 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STOREB. IT IS MAILED FREE rj
iiiiiiiiiiiiiißiiigiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin
Ladd's Gun Store Baja Callfornla
* 2 '": s " F " nclsc ' DAMIANA BITTERS
> _^_--|gHW«MsSi«fljr"'' ■K^»"" B " . . ls a owerrul arhrodlsine and specific tonio
Dealers in Fi rear ma. for the sexual and urinary organs of both
teggrfiig^ Flshintr Tackle, and sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th»
X&^^ Sporting Goods of Ev.;ry Des. I kidneys and bladder. A ereat Restorative.
*^ \~t .i . HMln-»»«»«t rath Vrtaeim I Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
k.,j, • Crlp »° n « »,.??• Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
, ttold for Raw Fur*. r-i-i«-,« NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
Send for free Illustrated Catalogue- 322 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular
T. Fortman of thp Alaska Packers' Asso
ciation joined the circle and the new
comer was notified that a story was ex
pected of him. There seemed to he an im
pression that the gentleman was not pre
pared, but h<~ was. In fact he had a good
one, especially as it was fresh and could
be verified by a number of gentlemen
well known in legal and commercial cir
cles.
Mr. Fortmnn was one of a party of four
hunters who left this city last Saturday
evening and reached their destination sev
eral hours later. The place was Grand
Prairie, twelve miles from Elmira. The
party consisted of Justin F. YV. Henshaw
of the Supreme bench, W. <; Henshaw of
the rnion Bank of Oakland, Judge E.
Nusbaumer of Oakland, and Mr. Portman.
The hunters were prepared to slay the
geese that are at present destroying the
growing grain of the farmers of" that lo
cality, and from all accounts they had all
the fun they desired. They stayed over
night with Doc Stewart and Abe Krumo
and under the guidance of their hosts
found themselves In the pits or blinds in
the great expanse of valley at an early
hour the next mornine. Judge Henshaw.
Mr. Fort man and Abe Krumh occupied
three of the pits, and ahotit a mile away
W. G. Henshaw. Judge Xusbaumer and
Doc Stewart hid themselves in similar
places. Surrounding the pits were a lot
of live and dead decoys to attract the
birds, hut better than the decoys were the
goose calls of Stewart and Krumb.
As soon as it was lipht the geese began
to fly, and such a variety— Ross gpesp,
snow geese, Mexican, grey, cackling
Hutchlns, grey brant and <<th<rs. They
came in bunches, flocks and swarms and
right merrily did the humors kfep up a
shower of Xn. fi shot upon the flying hirds.
When the time came for the hunters to
start for the train a count-tip showed that
Mr. Fortman and Judge Henshaw had
bagged W geese of various kinds. While
Judge Nusbaumer and W. G. Henshaw
had tumbled over lfiri geese. At last ac
counts their hosts were still picking up
birds that had "died out of hounds." and
had increased the lot by about fifty.
"I tell you It was great sport," remarked
Mr. Fortman.
Improvements Demanded.
The Federation of Mission Improve
ment Clubs has petitioned th" Hoard of
Supervisors to let the contract, for im
proving Holly Park, for which purpose
there is $t>2."<o available in the treasury.
The petition also asks that the board or
dr>r Twenty-fifth street opened from San
Jose avenue to Guerrero street, for which
$12,500 is available. •
56
TUESDAY APRIL 4. i«99
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1374.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, B cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage:
t>AIL,Y CALL (including Sunday call), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). « month* 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), S months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Plr.gle Month «8o
BI'NPAY CALL One Year 1-8O
VEEKLT CALL. One Y»ar 1-00
All postmasters are authorized to receive mbserlpthms.
S&xr.pie copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broodwoy
NEW YORK OFFICE Room IS9. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bnlldfnft
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street, corner Clay,
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarK!n street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- £291 Market
•treet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 2613
Mission street, open until' 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
street open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ani
K.*nfcuck> streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Serenade."
Crpheum— Vaudeville.
Grand OJ^era Hous«— "The Black Hussar.. 1 *
:— "The Charity Ball."
Tivoll— "Beautiful Oolden L^cks."
Alhambra— "MarrlM. Not Mated."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
»nd evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
California Theater — lan Maclaren. Wednesday evening,
April S. ______^__
COMPETITION IN LIGHTING.
AT the meeting of the Supervisors' Street Com
mittee on Thursday it was decided in the near
future tc discuss a plan for fostering competi
tion in lightiog the streets, public buildings, stores and
residences of the city. Dr. Perrault introduced a reso
lution at a meeting of the board a few weeks ago
which provides for placing all competitive companies
upon a : equality. It grants every lighting
the privilege of erecting poles outside
the fire limits and .enacts that all wires within the
fire limits shall be placed underground forthwith.
The Street Committee decided to request representa
i the Merchants' Association to meet it in joint
conference for a discussion of the subject, and such
a meeting will be held to-morrow afternoon at 2
o'clock.
It may not be generally known, but it is a fact
nevertheless that no franchise is necessary for the
construction and operation in this city of lighting
The constitution lays down the process in
unmistakable terms. Section 19 of article XI reads
as foil
In any city where there are no public works
owned and controlled by the municipality for sup
plying the same with water or artificial light any
individual or any company, duly incorporated for
fuch purpose under and by authority of the laws
of this State, shall, under th* direction of the Super
'ntendent of Streets, or other officer in control there
,nd under such general regulations as the mu
may jnvscribe for damages and Indem
nity for damages, have the privilege of using the
public streets and thoroughfares thereof, and of lay-
Ing down pipes and conduits therein and connections
therewith. s<> far as may be necessary for introduc
ing into and supplying such city and its inhabitants
► ither with gaslight or other illuminating light, or
with fresh water for domestic and all other pur
3, upon the condition that the municipal govern
ment shall have the right to regulate the charges
thereof.
Supervisor Perrault's resolution is the general reg
ulation which the sbove section declares shall be
prescribed by the municipal authorities. But whether
it is necessary or not is an open question. Judge
Seawell has decided that under this provision of the
organic law no restriction can be placed upon com
petitive lighting companies by the Supervisors. Un
doubtedly if the board should fail to prescribe the
regulations referred to competing concerns could go
on and prescribe them for themselves. No Board
cf Supervisors or Common Council would have the
power to defeat competition in lighting by failing
to act.
These things are interesting in view of the recent
■ organization in this city of an independent electric
light company. That concern will have no*-difficulty
whatever in introducing a competitive plant. We
doubt whether, under a fair construction of section
19, the Board of Supervisors could forbid the erec
tion of poles so long as poles are used for any electric
wires, telegraph or telephone. The purpose of the
constitution is to reduce lighting to a competitive
basis, and we do not believe that process can be pre
vented by stifling competition as has been done here
tofore.
Some of the soldiers who were brought back from
Honolulu to be discharged and are still here make
what appears to be a reasonable complaint. They
say they were denied travel pay on the ground that
Honolulu is in foreign territory, and are denied the
..extra pay allowed for service in foreign territory
on the ground that Honolulu is as thoroughly do
mestic as Milpitas. Uncle Sam ought not to set up
a surething game like this.
«
It. was hardly necessary for a Coroner to hold an
inquest over a man at Antioch who had died after liv
ing ninety-three years. The suspicion of old age was
so well founded that it required no official confirma
tion.
Easter Sunday in many parts of the East was
marked by a blizzard of more than ordinary severity,
and the bonnet of the day will have to go over for a
month and make its debut at the May day picnics.
Vanderbilt has a right to give his son $10,000,000,
of course, but there are many worthy American
fathers who decline to bestow such wedding gifts,
and yet the young people get along all right.
South Dakota can be proud of its soldiers living
and its soldiers dead. No finer body of men went
through this city on the way to war, and none more
valiantly ever met the foe.
Los Angeles has something the matter with its
musical car. Not even for the sake of boosting art
by the display of good clothes would it attend the
opera.
There is no doubt of the right of William Waldorf,
Astor to be a citizen of England if he desires, and if
there is to be objection let it come from the other
side.
There is much sympathy felt for Brandes. but his
lawyer has the pleasure and duty of feeling it aIL ■
PRESSURE OF A CZAR.
\A R. C. P. HUNTIXGTON displays bravado
I \ to a degree unequaled by any other Ameri
can capitalist. He has the courage not merely
of his convictions, but of his interests. He has ar
rived in San Francisco with his vestibule train and
with his retinue of ten servants, and has instantly
assumed a tone of arrogance that no conqueror of
ancient times or Oriental despot of the' present cen
tury could have excelled. He stigmatizes the people
of the State who resisted and defeated his proposal
to fund the Central Pacific debt for a hundred years,
at the rate of 2 per cent per annum, as "turbulent,"
and defiantly announces in relation to the debt itself
that "it is from the patrons of the road, largely Cali
fornians, that the money must come, as the road has
no other means of earning it." The fact was antici
pated, but not that it would be presented in the form
of an edict or a ukase.
The funding bill, as originally proposed, was
beaten not by a small faction, but by the almost
unanimous action of the people of California. There
was a strong desire, which still exists, for peace and
co-operation with the railroad, if consistent with the
preservation of our liberty and our independence,
and but for the treacheries of the last campaign and
of the closed legislative session an era of harmony
might have been already inaugurated. There is still,
as there has always been among citizens who repre
sent industry, enterprise and capital, no inclination
to prolong the strife that unquestionably does play
into the hands of demagogues. But the dogmatism
and the dictatorial expressions of Mr. Huntington
appear to indicate that he no longer recognizes the
right of the inhabitants of California even to call their
souls their own.
It is a pity that this venerable railroad capitalist,
who has impressed his individuality upon every en
terprise with which he is connected, should abso
lutely fail in ordinary respect for his fellow citizens
and should seriously regard himself as the Czar of
California, if not of the Union. It may be true that
the patrons of the Central Pacific will have to pay
its debt, but it is also true that the collateral proper
ties and the private fortunes that the railroad people
have extracted from the toil and sweat of our citizens,
and that, too, by diversions of revenue and appro
priations of capital and income that would not be
sanctioned in any honest court of equity, would
cover at least six or eight times its amount. It is
barely possible, though not probable, that this coun
try may drift into imperialism, and that Mr. Hunt
ington and those who act with him may acquire in
law the position they now usurp in fact. But unless
this deplorable transformation of our institutions oc
curs the time is near at hand when effective ways and
means of resisting railroad exactions and railroad
tyranny will be devised. The successors of Mr.
Huntington at least are likely to pay some attention
to the voices of American communities.
THE SYNDICATE MfINIA.
WHILE the press, the statesmen of the country
and, to a large extent, the general public
have been more clamorous and more em
phatic than ever in denouncing trusts and condemn
ing their operations, the creation of such combina
tions has been carried forward to an extent unparal
leled in any other age or in any other land. The en
terprises of Hooley and other promoters in Great
Britain are insignificant in comparison with what has
been accomplished here.
The center of activity in the movement has been
of course in New York, but most of the combina
tions have been organized under the lax laws of
New Jersey and are nominally corporations of that
State. It is stated that in 1898 the companies author
ized there and in West Virginia aggregated a capi
talization of only a little less than one thousand mil
lions of dollars; and the Philadelphia Manufacturer
says the indications are that this year the New Jersey
authorities will authorize corporations or syndicates
whose shares will at par value aggregate six times
that enormous sum.
In fact, the organization nf syndicates, or trusts, to
control the manufacturing industries of the country
has become a mania among Eastern capitalists, and
many of the more conservative journals of that sec
tion of the country believe it has been carried too
far. The fear is that the shares of many of these
great combinations have been sold at speculative
prices owing to the large amount of idle money in
the financial centers, and that sooner or later there
will come a collapse which will be injurious not only
to the speculators but to the country at large.
From a compilation of the opinions of the financial
and industrial press on the subject recently made by
the Literary Digest it appears there has been no
lack of words of warning to the public. The Finan
cial Chronicle is quoted as noting that in January
and February of this year there were definitely
formed new combinations having an aggregate capi
tal of $1,106,300,000, and saying: "When the end
will come no man knows definitely, but that it will
come everybody of any foresight realizes perfectly
well. He knows, too. what the end will be when it
does come, and whoever can take in his sail during
the next few months will be a Vise mariner."
Bradstreet stated several weeks ago: "It would
seem that in a good many cases' the common stocks
represent more or less water. For the time being,
however, the financial public seems to be infatuated
with the movement, and though even a cursory ex
amination of the situation does not fail to develop
the fact that it possesses elements of weakness, there
is nothing to negative the presumption that, like
everything of the kind, it must run its course."
It is to be regretted that this mania for speculation
in syndicate stocks has broken out among the capi
talists of the East just at a time when the country has
every natural prospect of an era of unexampled pros
perity. If the men of the East would use their sur
plus capital in exploiting and developing the vast
rich regions of the West and South they would confer
an immense benefit upon the country and reap a rich
profit for themselves. Moreover their ventures, if
made with ordinary sagacity, would be safe from
risks of disaster. There would be none of that dan
ger which thoughtful men now see impending over
Wall street and its speculators.
Fortunately, the appetite for battle news, whetted
by the Philippine campaign, does not suffer from
famine during the lull in Asia. The Chicago cam
paign keeps up the supply of gory news, with a
larger percentage of fatalities than in the Philippines.
The Carter Harrison faction is doing most of the
benevolent assimilation.
There are disadvantages attached to fame. Corbett
and his wife cannot have a quiet little family row
without news of. it being flashed across the continent.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 4, 1899.
THE LAW AND THE GAMBLERS.
WHEN the Supervisors in response to the de
mand of the public enacted the ordinance for- ,
bidding gambling at Ingleside, the track man
agers, the poolsellers and their touts were loud in
their boasting of a pull with the courts that would j
enable them to defy the law. They are less boastful j
now. Their pull has been found wanting. The !
courts have upheld the law.
The opinion delivered by Judge Murasky in dis
solving the injunction issued to restrain the police ■
from entering the racetrack, and which was pub- j
hshed in The Call on Sunday, merits more than a
passing notice. It is a clear exposition of the law
governing the point in controversy and emphatically
upholds the right of the police to enter the grounds
of the racecourse and arrest law-breakers who may j
be found there.
After pointing out that the plaintiffs in the case
(the gamblers) assert .their innocence and allege that i
the action of the defendants (the police) is damag
ing to their business: while the defendants allege that
the plaintiffs are wrongdoers and violators of the law,
Judge Murasky said:
Where greater injury will be inflicted upon plaint
iff than upon the defendant by the dissolution of an
injunction pendente lite, the injunction should be
maintained until the final hearing. Where the con
trary result will occur the injunction should be dis- !
solved. If the plaintiff's allegations are true it will
suffer much loss, unless defendants are restrained,
and defendants will suffer none by the injunction.
If, however, the allegation of defendants is true, that i
plaintiff is a law-breaker, then the injury to the !
municipality from the continuance of the injunction ;
would be greater than any that can be compensated ■
by money, and tVierefore greater than^ any the
plaintiff can suffer.
That statement of the law is in accord with reason
and justice. The injury that may be done to the
gamblers by the police is as nothing in comparison
with the wrong done to the community by the pool- j
sellers. As the Judge well said, the latter injury ;
would be "greater than any that can be compen
sated by money." The injunction therefore was dis
solved.
Commenting upon the decision, Attorney McEner- j
ney is quoted as saying he believed the decision of i
Judge Murasky ended the controversy. As the right
of the club to seek relief in a court of equity rested J
solely, according to the opinion of the court, upon a
question of fact, which was easily established in favor
of the police, there is no escape for the club under
the anti-pool ordinance, and it must either refrain
from further selling or suffer the consequences.
There can be little or no doubt that this opinion |
will prove correct. Racing, poolselling and track
gambling of the kind that have been so pernicious
at Ingleside have been driven from the great chic?
of the East, and it is not to be supposed that Cali- I
fornia law is less effective than that of her sister
States.
RELAXING EXCLUSION.
IT is reported that communication between the Chi
nese Minister at Washington and the Chinese
Consul at Honolulu is to the effect that a new
trentj- with China is made necessary' by our appear
ance in Hawaii and the Philippines, and that therein
the strict exclusion features of our present treaty will
be softened and relaxed. During the discussion of
Hawaiian annexation The Call declared that this
policy would be inevitable if we acquired tropical
possessions with the expectation of getting commer
cial value out of them. White men cannot work in
the plantations of Hawaii! The climate bars them
out. Without coolie labor there, the production of
the islands will decline to the zero where it stood
when reciprocity made sugar of sufficient value to
warrant the importation of Asiatic coolie labor.
When annexation occurred it was given out that our
Chinese exclusion laws would be extended and our
non-contract and other labor laws would speedily
follow, so that equality in the kind and cost of labor
would exist between the islands and the continent.
It is evident that this policy collides with the com
mercial expectations which induced annexation, and
that it is withdrawn and the planters are to have lib
eral treatment in respect to their labor supply, so as
to avoid that lack of laborers which would first cause
a substantial increase in wages, to the lowering of
1 rofits, and finally the disappearance of a consequen
tial surplus of production.
Our practical homogeneity of climate and physical
conditions has heretofore simplified the problem of
labor and wage?. There has been a fair equality of
hours, rights and wages in all parts of the United
States. As we enter the tropics this condition ceases.
Our people demand commercial advantages to offset
the cost of conquest and government. Commerce
cannot be without the surplus productions of labor.
Therefore tropical commerce depends upon that form
of labor suited to the climate, which must be in some i
way servile. Our home labor laws cannot apply to i
servile labor, for with their application its servility !
ceases and without servility its usefulness and profit j
to the employer cease.
These facts give color to the report of a new treaty !
with China, which will be a novelty because it will
continue restriction as to our continental possessions,
but relax it on our newly acquired islands. Therein ;
will first appear the inequality of law required by in
equality of physical conditions, and it will be official
notice served on American labor that it has no place
in the tropics.
Other departures from our domestic system will of
necessity occur in quick succession.
It is evident now that the influence of the Hawai
ian planters put the code of laws for those islands i
to sleep on the files of the last Congress. They de- ;
sire to entrencfh coolie labor in a new Chinese treaty, !
which can be easier ratified by the Senate than a law j
to secure the same end can pass both houses of Con- I
gress.
The victory so far is distinctly with those who j
want -cheap labor. They refuse to submit to equality
of law and wages. In the logical development of the
issue their competition with the products of our do
mestic labor will finally cause its employers to clamor
for equality. As the employers in our tropics hold j
the whip hand and refuse to permit their labor and
wages to be leveled up, will not the final result be
that our domestic labor and wages will be leveled
down ?
In popular government inequality is odious and
finally yields, as slavery did to freedom, which be
came the universal law of the republic. Now there
is a change of ideals. That was an age of senti
ment; this is one of commercialism, and will its spirit
permit a higher level of labor and wages in. the tem
perate than in the torrid zone?
There are reasons for believing the insurrection in
the Philippines has been virtually broken, but now
a new strife appears between the Turks and the Bul
garians, and the war chorus continues to hold the
stage.
Huntington's statement that the Southern Pacific
Company had nothing to do with the Senatorial con
test at Sacramento imposes upon Herrin the duty of
explaining what he was doing there.
THE TRUTH ABOUT THE
ATHERTON INTERVIEW
Some three or four weeks ago an Interview with Gertrude Ather
ton was obtained by the representative of a reputable Eastern syndi
cate and sold to the leading papers of the United States, including The
Call. For some reason, known only to herself, the authoress repudi
ated parts of this interview and said it was garbled and attributed to
her ideas and words which she had never uttered. A venomous little
afternoon paper published in this city gave this repudiation to the pub
lic, piecing it out with sentences that betrayed -Its own spitefulness and
imbecilit -. In due time thi; reflection upon the truthfulness and ac
curacy of his work reached the gentleman who gave the Atherton in
terview to the press. His reply, which is here given, is in many re
spects as interesting as was the interview that caused it to be written:
150 Nassau Street.
NEW YORK. March 29. 1599.
Editor The Call. Ban Francisco. Cal.: In reference to Gertrude Ather
ton's statement, as printed in the paper you sent me. I have to say that her
assertions are not based on facts. Why she selects The Call to discharge
her venom upon, I do not know: for the New York Journal printed the mat
ter, by mistake, on the Thursday previous to its publication in The Call, in
stead of on the same date, and the Philadelphia Press and Chicago Tribune
simultaneously with The Call's publication.
I was in correspondence with Mrs. Atherion subsequent to the publication
of tho interview of which she complains, and she had no criticism whatever
to make regarding it. Her statement that she wired me for a proof of the
interview is made from whole cloth, as the records of the telegraph offices
will show if any one cares to look it up.
I enclose you the second article, which Mrs. Atherton refers to as a "dull
jumble of words." The editor of the Saturday Evening Post of Philadelphia,
who printed it. was kind enough to write me that he considered it the work of
a master hand. I fancy the Post is as good a judge of English ard of in
terest as Mrs. Atherton.
Now. as regards the interview in detail. I had never seen Mrs. Atherton
previous to the meeting in Washington. T must confess that I have read
none of her books. I noticed a statement in a New York paper that she
was making a study of the Tnited States Senate for the purpose of writing
a novel. I wrote her that I would like to talk to her about her observa
tions and several other things. I did not refer to one of. her books, because,
as I say, I have never read nnc. \
I went to the boarding-house where Mrs. Atherton lived in Washington
with the distinct and understood purpose of talking with her for publication
and nothing else. Mrs. Atherton well understood this, because she was kind
enough with her own hands to bring a table to me upon which I might take
notes.
Mrs. Atherton says: "In order to make a spicy article he made me say
things regarding the Senate and members that came straight out of his imag
ination." I am sorry to say that Mrs. Atherton seems to have a very failing
memory in this respect. I should not have made the statements if they had
not been made by her. Had it been my desire to make a spicy article, as she
states. I might have included therein her remarks concernine: her own
marital experiences, her reference to her husband as the late "unlamented,"
and a few other matters of that sort.
In reference to Washington society Mrs. Atherton's strictures as given by
me were exactly what she said. I realized the importance of absolute accu
racy, and made no statement whatever which was not hers verbatim. T
n.ight possibly have included Mrs. Atherton's criticisms of the society she
met in the place in which she lived, or of the callers to whom she denied
herself while I was th^re. but that seemed to me unnecessary -
Referring again to my second article from her. T have to say that about
the only statement she makes which is correct is that I sent a proof to her.
She returned that proof with full permission to me to publish it. and the only
correction she made was in the heading. This proof and the letters which
have passed between Mrs. Atherton and myself on the matter can be pro
duced if necessary, though I must confess I have no inclination to make a
correspondence with a lady public.
In conclusion, the situation seems to me to be this: A question of veracity
between Mr?. Atherton and myself. The greatest point of difference is that I
can prove what I say. while Mrs. Atherton has thus far confined herself to a
tirade against newspapers in general and me in particular.
The fact is that Mrs. Atherton's criticisms of "Washington .society and
of several of the Senators have furnished food for discussion, and that .some
of this discussion has not been as altogether peasant to Mrs. Atherton as it
might have been. The refuge she takes in denial has been sought by others
who have talked for publication and been criticized. Personally, this happens
to be my first experience. It is the first time I ever interviewed a woman. I
am inclined to think I will end the chapter as I. began it— with Mrs. Atherton.
You are at liberty to publish any or all of this, if you care to, over my
signature. Very truly, CHARLES CULVER JOHNSON.
DAN POLK, SELLS
NAME AND FAME
DAK POLK, banjoist. Bohemian, brother to the only Willis, lineal de
scendant of James K. Polk, one time President of these United States,
and well known in club, society and musical circles of this city, has
sold his name. $
Sold not only his name, but his fame as well.
Together they were knocked down for the unprincely sum of twenty dol
lars (S2O 00).
Think of purchasing a Polk, a pedigreed virtuoso of the fjr=t rank in ban
jodom. for one beggarly, yellow double eagle of the realm: It sounds like a
smoker's vision, and yet it is true— sadly, incontestably true.
Dan. the pet plunker of the swim and the vaudeville's pride, has sold out.
And now another long-haired youth of nimble fingers and dreamy eyes
smotes the banjo that Dan used to smite, looks the languishing looks that
Dan used to look, receives the flowers and salary and matinee notes that
once were Dan's, and wears in print and in private the proud name of a
President's descendant.
The once prominent Polk is now probably an ambiguous Smith or an
evasive Jones, lost in the shadow of a new name and the building of a new
reputation. The new Polk who separated himself from a score of honest dol
lars to become the same, is at the Orpheum. Read the programme for your
self. There, in tall, stout type, is emblazoned "Polk and Rollins, Celebrated
Musical Artists."
Polk and Kollins are the names of the famous banjo team founded and
perfected by Daniel. It was known and respected the length and breadth of
the vaudeville world for well-clad, parted-in-the-middle gentility and tri
umphant technique on the five staccato strings of America's national instru
ment.
But Dan. eccentric Bohemian that he is. wearied of the opulent fortunes
of a vaude villain, of a name historic, of a publicity national, and sold them
all out for the price already mentioned to an ambitious pupil of his who
hails 'from Kansas City.
What the purchaser's name used to be nobody seems to know— but now
It is Polk and paid fr>r. The same old Polk and Kollins lithographs decorate
the cigar stands and deadwalls of the city, with the hair and features of
Dan still intact. But a new boy. who only partly lives up to the beauty of
the posters, plunks where Dan once plunked and receives Dan's dinner and
boudoir invitations.
MODERN MACHINERY FOR
NEW LIGHT COMPANY
A. M. HUNT GOES EAST TO STUDY
BEST METHODS.
Work of Laying Underground Wires
Will Commence in a Short
Time.
A. M. Hunt, the well-known electrical
engineer, left this city on the 6 o'clock
train last night for an extended tour In |
the East. Mr. Hunt's mission is one of j
interest to the people of San Francisco, !
and, as San Francisco is the business j
center of the State, incidentally to the |
whole State. Mr. Hunt has been com- j
missioned by the Independent Light and i
Power Company, incorporated March 29 I
by Claus Spreckels and others, to make a
general Inspection of electrical plants
throughout the East. Regarding his jour
ney Mr. Hunt says:
"It will be my mission to investigate
light and power plants everywhere and
select the best methods from each of
them. In this way we can safely promise
that San Francisco will have the finest
plant in the world. The great trouble
with most plants is that they grow from
small beginnings. Wherever such is the
case you will find a piece of antiquated
machinery running side by side with the
newest and most improved. The inevit
able result of this is an 'increase In the
cost of production.
"Take the local plant, for instance. It
started a number of years ago on a small
scale. Of course all machinery it put
in at the time was the most modern, and,
as a matter of fact, all the machinery it
added as the plant grew has been modern,
but all the old. cumbrous machinery must
be taken out and an entire new plant put
in before they will have an up-to-date
plant, as greater strides have been made
in the lines of electrical machinery than
any other.
"The new concern will not start small
and grow. A complete plant of the new
est machinery will be put in, and this
will enable us not only to give better
service than the older companies, but we
will be able to do it cheaper.
"I have not yet made any definite plans
as to what cities I shall visit, but I will
?tnp off at Chicago, then probably go on
to New York, Philadelphia. Boston and
other cities. I will first make a study
gt the underground system of distribu
tion, as we intend laying the wires first
There are several such systems now in
use. chief among which is the Edison
system, where the wires are laid in rigid
ducts and a system of loose ducts. With
the Edison system it is necessary to tear
up the streets to replace wires, "but with
the other system old wires can be taken
out and new ones substituted from regu
lar stations without a pick being placed
In the ground or a paving stone moved
I am somewhat favorable to the latter
system, but I desire to make a comDlete
and thorough investigation.
"As soon as an underground system
has been chosen work will begin We
will employ an army of men tearing ud
the streets and laying wires. Of course
this is the most tedious work and we
expect that by the time the last foot of
wire has been laid the plant will be fully
established and the wheels ready to turn
In fact the people will be surprised to
learn in what a short time a plant can
be estah Ished and put In operation
1 It will be necessary to buy all the
electrical machinery in the East as there
is practically none manufactured in this
State. All the supplies sold here are
products of Eastern houses handled by
[real agents. This being the case. I wiii
simply select the very best goods, and
when two or more concerns can furnish
, c same article they will be invited to
toie« bldd e erT traCt ** be glVen t0 the
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SUCCEEDED HIMSELF-J. W. D..
City. J. C. Burrows succeeded himself a*
Lnited States Senator from iMichigan.
ENLISTING IN THE NAVY-TV. J. W
Oakland, Cal. To enlist in the United'
States navy at this point, make applica
tion to the naval authorities at Mare
Island.
OAKLAND'S CHIEF— W. S., City. Wil
liam Fletcher is the Chief of Police of
Oakland. He was captain of police ten
years ago under the old system, when
there was no Chief of Police in that city.
SELLING HARDWARE— O. K. 0.,
Redwood City. Cal. If you desire to go
through the country soliciting orders for
hardware and sell by sample you will not
need a license. If you intend" to go from
place to place to peddle hardware you
will have to secure a license in each coun
ty through which you travel.
THE PESTHOUSE—D. G. S.. City. The
responsibility for the condition of the
Festhouse of San Francisco rests with the
Board of Supervisors. The Call drew the
attention of that body to the terrible con
dition of that institution, with the result
that immediate action was taken to rem
edy the evil.
GRAVE CHARGES
AGAINST THE
GIRLS' HOME
Alleged Cruelties to
Inmates.
DARK CELL AND HANDCUFFS
LAURETTA HALL COMPLAINS TO
THE SHERIFF.
Many Serious Accusations and a
Plea for Release From the Al
leged Chamber of
Horrors.
Sheriff Martin was made the recipient
yesterday of a very serious complaint
against the management of the California
Girls' Training Home at 147 Natoma
street. The complaint, or rather the
charges, were made by one of the inmates
of the home, a young girl named Lauretta
Hall, whose father and mother are now
on trial in the Superior Court on charges
of embezzlement. She is 16 years old, of
good character, and her presence In the
home is due to circumstances connected
with and growing out of the arrest of her
parents and not because of waywardness.
The girl declares that the inmates of
the home are subjected to treatment that
would not be permitted or tolerated in
any penal institution in the State. She
says they are given insufficient and poorly
cooked food; that it is coarse in quality
and so unpalatable as to be nauseating.
She also avers that the inmates, who are
all young girls under 18 years of age. are
not permitted sufficient air and exercise
to keep them healthy.
It was in connection with the punish
ment given those who break the over
strict rules governing the conduct of in
mates of the home that Miss Hall had the
most serious charges to make. For any
slight infraction of the rules of the place
the guilty one is given what is called a
"check." When the girl has six of these
checks against her she is made to eat her
meals standing in the presence of other 3
who are seated at the dining room table.
The meal so eaten consists of plain bread
and water.
According to Mips Hall'? statement a
room, known as the "punishment room."
is set aside for those found guilty of more
serious infractions of the rules. Th":
windows of this room are boarded up,
leaving the interior as dark as it is pos
sible to make a room. There is no bed
in the apartment, those who are thrust
in there having to be content with a soil
ed mattress, which is thrown upon the
fl oor in one corner. Those who are put
in this room are fed on bread and water
and are kept there several days at a
time. Miss Hall says that the more re
fractory wrong-doers are frequently
handcuffed in order to make the dark
room punishment more severe. She cites
one instance in which the unfortunate cil
prlt. a girl named Mabel Morris, remained
handcuffed for three days. When she
was finally released her wrists were badly
swollen and discolored and she was un
able to use her hands for days afterward.
When Miss Hall was sent to the home
about six weeks ago she weighed 131
pounds. She now weigh? 105 pounds, and
declares her belief that she will soon die
unless she is taken away from there and
placed where she can have light and air
and proper food.
AROUiND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. E. C. Buell of Los Angeles is stay
ing at the Occidental.
W. S. Abell, a merchant of Montezuma,
Wash., is located at the Rupf.
B. F. Shepherd Jr., a prominent busi
ness man of Fresno, is at the Grand.
L. O. Henderson of Carson City is at
the Palace with his wife and child.
John W. Mitchell, the Los Angeles poli
tician, will be at the Palace for a few
days.
B. F. Shoecraft, a mining superintendent
of Nevada City, and L. H. Garrigas, a Sa
linas attorney, are registered at the Lick.
W. E. Bailey, auditor of the Santa Fe
Pacific Railway, with headquarters at Los
Angeles, arrived in town yesterday on a
brief visit.
Dr. J. H. Tebbetts of Hollister and Geo.
F. Herr, ticket agent of the Southern Pa
cific Company at Los Angeles, are at the
Occidental.
Hugh Murchn. superintendent of th«
Nevada City Water Works, is in the city
for a few days and is registered at the
Ramona on Ellis street.
Dr. C. G. Cargill of San Juan, who rep
resented his district in the Assembly, and
Henry J. Ostrander, a Merced business
man, are guests at the Russ.
Donald McNeil of Brooklyn. S. V., who
is largely engaged in the shipping busi
ness in the Empire State, is here on a
pleasure trip and is a guest at the Palace.
He fitted out a number of transports
which left the port of New York for the
Government, and counts four hundred
men in his employ. His brother, James
McNeil, the capitalist, of Santa Cruz,
came up to meet him on his arrival.
Cal. place fruit 50c per !t> at Townaend's. B
Printing, engraving, stamping, visiting
cards and wedding invitations at San
born & Vail's, 741 Market street. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). slo Mont
gomery street/ Telephone Main 1042. •
Spoiled by Cooking.
"My lif<> waa spoiled, lady.' said the
traveler, "by my wife's cooking."
"Was it so very bad?"
"No. lady; it was good. So good tnat
my friends ate me out of house end
home."— What to Eat.
The most efficacious stimulant to sharpen the
appetite is Dr. Siegerfs Angostura Bitters.
See that you RPt the genuine.
They Were J4ot Allowed.
Yeast— Did your lawyer take any excep
tions in the case?
Crimsonbeak— No: but I did when his
bill came in.— Yonkers Statesman.
RokSm-
Baking Powder
HIT J t
Made from pure
cream of tartar*
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking; powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
. ggVM-BAXI»apOWOeBOO..NEWYORK.TURNTABLE IS
AUTHORIZED BY
A FRANCHISE
Geary-Street Railroad
Company Wins.
JUDGE G. H. BAHRS' DECISION
SUPERINTENDENT OF STREETS
AMBROSE ENJOINED.
Whether or Not the Turntable Is
Nuisance Must Be Finally De
termined in Another
Action at Law.
- " ■■■
The big turntable at Geary and Mar
ket streets, the property of the Geary
Street, Park and Ocean Railroad Com
pany, will remain where it is, at least
for the present. Judge Bahrs yester
day decided the injunction proceedings
instituted by the railroad company to
restrain Superintendent of Streets Am
brose from proceeding: under an order
of the Board of Supervisors and re
moving the turntable, the chancellor
holding that in the action at bar he
had no power to determine whether or
not the turntable was a nuisance in
fact. In consequence a permanent in
junction was granted, forever restrain
ing the defendants in the action from
removing the turntable by reason of
the direction to that eitect contained in
the resolution passed by the Board of
Supervisors.
The opinion is as follows:
The court in this action, as will be
hereafter shown, has not the power to
determined whether the so-called Geary
etreet turntable is a nuisance and
should therefore be abated. It is per
haps to be lamented that this question
could not have been squarely litigated
between the railroad company and the
people in this action ana a decision
reached which would have been a
finality.
The first question the court in this
E.'ticn is called upon to decide is whether
the Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, by a mere res
olution, can condemn as a nuisance and
* direct the removal of the turntable con
structed and maintained by the plaintiff
tinder, claim of legislative sanction and
franchise.
The Hoard of Supervisors on August 15,
IS9S, passed the following resolution, to
•wit: "Resolution No. 1594 (Fourth Se
ries). Resolved, that the turntable at
the junction of Geary and Market streets
be declared a nuisance and that the
Superintendent of Streets be directed to
remove the same in order that the City
Street Improvement Company may per
form its contract. And the Clerk is
hereby directed to advertise this resolu
tion as required by law.
"In Board of Supervisors, San Fran
cisco. August 15, I*9B. Adopted by the
following vote: Aye's — Supervisors De
vany, Haskins, Delany, Sheehan. Dodge,
Lackmann. Morton. Britt, Smith, Clin
ton, Rivers. Absent— Supervisor Rot
tanzi. JOHN A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
. • • Clerk.
"By H. C. FARQUHARSOX.
'•Deputy Clerk."
On August IT. ISO>. the Superintendent
of Public Streets •■■-■■. the follow
ir.e- communication to the plaintiffs, to
wit:
"New City Hall, August 17, 1898.— J. L.
WUlleutt Ksq.. General Manager Goary
Street, Park and Ocean Railroad Com
pany. Dear -Sir: You are hereby notified
to remove within five (5) days the turn
table, the property of the Geary Street
and Ocean Railroad Company, located at
the intersection of Geary, Kearny and
Market streets, the same having been de
clared a nuisance, as per order Board of
Supervisors August 15. IS9S. If at the ex
piration of five (5) days from the time of
the service of this notice said turntable
is not removed. I will proceed to abate
the nuisance. Yours very respectfully,
"W. F. AMBROSE."
"Superintendent of Public Streets."
On August 22, 1S!>8. this suit was com
menced to restrain such threatened re
moval of the turntable, and the Presid
ing Judge of this court issued a tempor
ary restraining order. The section of the
franchise under which plaintiff claims
the right to maintain the turntable is
V- follows, to wit:
"The track and all switches or turn
tables for said railroad shall be construct
ed under the supervision of and to th«
satisfaction of the Superintendent of
Streets and the Street Committee of the
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco." If the turn
table was authorized by and constructed
pursuant to the provisions of the above
section of plaintiff's franchise, the turn
table has the sanction of the Legislature,
end car not be a nuisance in law. To this
effect is section 34*2 of the Civil Code,
viz. : "Nothing which is done or maintain
ed unuer the express auuiority of -a stat
ute can be deemed a nuisance."
Plaintiff contends that the turntable
was construcini as nr vi<jpn ov «=•.,' i rra«
chise, with the consent and approval of
the officials designated therein; defend
ants contend that certain ordinances reg
ulating the construction of turntables
were violated, wherefore said turntable
is a nuisance, notwithstanding the ap
proval of the designated officials: plain
tiff denies the violation of these ordi
nances, but contends that they were all
coi.iplied with. ■:■ !
The turntable had been, in fact, main
tained for six years before the resolution
rf the Board of Supervisors condemning
the same as a nuisance was passed. It
Is under these circumstances, conditions i
and contentions that the court is called '
upon to decide whether the Board of Su-
T>pr\-!8ors in thus by resolution sum
marily declaring the turntable a nuis
rr.ee and directing its abatement exceeded
Its p.'wprt
Defendants in their brief contend:
"An act of the Legislature of California, i
approved Apirl 25, 1883, conferred power
upon the Board of Supervisors of the City
and County of San Francisco to authorize
and direct the summary abatement of
nuisances. Statutes of 1*63, 6540."
The statute, referred to is in the fol
lowing langauge:
"The Board of Supervisors of the City
and County of Ban Francisco shall have ,
power by regulation or order:
"First.
"Second. To authorize and direct the
summary abatement of nuisances; to
make all regulations which may be neces-
Fary or expedient for the preservation of
the public health and the prevention of
contagious diseases; to provide, by regu
lation, for the prevention and summary j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OOOOOOOOOOOOO©©9O©O©@©^ © 09600e009
I $3.so= Electric Belts = $3.50 1
Q ■ "■'^^ Same as certain druggists and quack doctors '■"
_ /^^ cell at high prices. Such dealers don't MAKE %
™ /^ \k electric belts; they SELL 'em! BUY them q.
% I/. CHEAP and sell them HIGH; that's the way *'
a >'i, I^3 they do It. Of course the poorer the quality %
i'■ J""^ €SS& th * cheaper the COST, and the higher tho
9 It!''! &*V \^Sit. price sold for the larger the PROFIT, and," In- "
a (pis -? . V**(«i cldentaJly, the greater the "SELL." Do you %
\~» /^^A^H see the point? If co, you will obtain YOUR *»
9 . y^SVT belt from a reliable manufacturer. We MAKE **
q \ *\r>£ss\'!jl » electric belts; make 'em by thousands, at all 0
l/ S/SSs /l\i' ''^■HS^i mi prices, and, what Is more, we are the sole a
• %&&m\$ i -\\«\ vA <^^l makers of "DR. PIERCES PATENT OAL- ~
A fP^XVWaJtt ' .'W^ft^Sßr VANIC CHAIN BELT"-the BEST electric •
\>v vv -'.iJBBtSR belt on earth! Buy no belt till you see DX. £
• ' ' X^^MHHH BKIK PIERCES . C 7 Coll at office or send 2c In ]
o v#^\^^^^^P^Sr > «tamps for our " Booklet No. 2." Addres » •
• piERCE electric CO., 5
© v V^\-;.v 11 11 820 Market street (opposite ' Palace Hotel), a
? DR. PIERCE, Inventor. SAN FRANCISCO. A
removal of all nuisances and obstructions
{P. the streets, alleys, highways and pub
-1 ? £ rounds ot said city and county; and '
i LJ? TGV ? n $ or regulate the running at
!, rge ° f dogs and to authorize the de
struction of the same when at large con
trary to ordinances."
The power given by this statute over I
nuisances and obstructions in public
streets, highways, etc.. is by "regula
on ' Regulation is something entirely
distinct from resolution or order. By this
statute some nuisances may evidently be
abated by resolution or order, but the
power to abate them in public streets is
limited to "regulation."
ihe word "regulation" has a well-de
nned meaning in law. Perhaps the best
definition is that to be found in the Amer
ican and English Encyclopedia of Law,
volume 20, page 732:
'■To adjudge by rule, method or estab
lished mode; to direct by rule or restric
tion; to subject to governing principles
or laws." .
A power to "regulate" does not properly
include a power to "suppress" or pro- 1
hibit," for the very essence of regulation
is the existence of something to be regu
lated. But the power to "regulate a
trade, business, etc, authorizes the mu
nicipality to confine the exercise of such
business to certain localities, to certain
hours of the day, etc.
The Board of Supervisors under this
statute has not the power arbitrarily to
say that any man's house is a nuisance
because of Its peculiar construction or its
height, or that certain display signs are
nuisances because they project beyond
the property line to any extent. But the
Board of Supervisors has the power to
regulate within reasonable limits the
height of houses and the extent to which
signs may project, and they have the
right to enforce such regulations. As to
turntables, the same ' rule applies. The
Board of Supervisors clearly has the pow
er to prevent the construction of any
turntables In the future, providing they
.jo so by "regulation": It also has the un
doubted power, notwithstanding such a
regulation, to grant a franchise to lav a
turntable thereby and to that extent re
pealing the regulation. But if such fran
chise IS once given, the board has no
power during the life of the franchise to
retract the privilege.
A regulation means a law to which all
can conform. The resolution complained
of in this suit is clearly not a rule of con
duct, but a declaration of condemnation
concerning a special thing.
Regulations must be laws binding upon
all persons, and the Board of Supervisors
has no power of making regulations ex
cept by ordinance. In City of Denver vs.
Mullen. 7 Col., 345, the court says: "A
provision In the charter of a city confer
ring authority upon the Council" to make
regulations to secure the general health
of the inhabitants, 'to declare what shall
be a nuisance, and to prevent and abate
the same.' will warrant the declaration by
general ordinance of what shall constitute
and the conditions and circumstances un
der which a given thing shall become and
be deemed a nuisance, but does not au
thorize the Council, by mere resolution or
motion, arbitrarily to declare any par
ticular thing a nuisance which has not
theretofore been pronounced to be such
by law. or so adjudged by judicial deter
mination."
In Yates vs. City of Milwaukee. 10
Wall, 497. the Supreme Court of the United
States said: ■••" - ■ ,\
--"But the mere declaration by the city
of Milwaukee that a certain structure was
an encroachment or obstruction did not !
make it so. nor could such declaration I
make it a nuisance unless it in fact had j
that character."
In Spokane Street Railway Company vs. I
Spokane Falls, 6 Wash., 521. the court I
said:
"There was a resolution passed by the
Council, but that resolution was a mere
special direction in this particular case. '
The law contemplates that In all such
cases there shall be a general ordinance i
which shall be a law of the city which it f
is bound to follow as much as the people j
are bound to obey. In an absence of an I
ordinance regulating such matters the j
city should have resorted to lerr proceed
ings and not taken In its own hands by j
force the execution of a decree against I
a party who has no legal notice of the
pendency of the matter."
Decisions to th effect might he multi- '
plied, but no useful purpose would be sub- I
served.
Aside from these general considerations i
that the city cannot ( act by order or reso
lution when its power is limited by
statute to regulation by ordinance, there
are other considerations which of them
selves would be sufficient to stay the con
templated action of the city.
Neither does the power to abate nuis
ances warrant the destruction of valued ,
property which was lawfully erected or I
anything which was erected by lawful I !
authority. It would indeed be a danger- j
ous power to repose in municipal corpora- !
tions to permit them to declare, by ordi
nance or otherwise, anything a nuisance
which the caprice or interests of those
having control of its government might i
see fit to outlaw without being responsible
for all th"c consequences, and, even if such I
power is expressly given by the Legisla
ture, it is utterly' Inoperative and void i
unless the thing Is in fact a nuisance, or
was created or erected after the passage
of the ordinance and in defiance of it.
* • • Therefore, except in cases of great
public emergency, when the emergency
may safely be regarded as so strong as to
justify extraordinary measures upon the
ground of paramount necessity, or when
the use of property complained of is so
clearly a nuisance as to leave no room for'
doubt* upon the subject, it is the better
course to secure an adjudication from the
courts before proceeding to abate it.
This doctrine was laid down in the Spo
kane case already cited.
"It is very questionable whether in any
such case where there is a doubt as to
whether or not there may not be exist
ing rights in the person whose property
is sought to be destroyed the municipal
corporation should proceed to its de
struction without resort to a tribunal
which may determine the right of the
matter. • • • "While .a well-constructed
street railroad may be a technical nui
sance, if unauthorized, it is not danger
ous to either life, health or property, and
so long as the courts are open to the de
termination of such controversies there
is no call for violence or any manner of
arbitrary or oppressive action."
As Indicated in my opening sentences,
the court has not the power to determine ,
in this litigation whether the so-called
Geary street turntable Is a nuisance or
not. " The defendants have not filed a
cross-complaint asking such adjudica
tion, and any attempt on the part of the
court to so adjudicate would be void and
outside of the issues. This was express
ly held in the case of Easton Passenger
Railway Company vs. Easton, 133 Pa.
St. 505. The court says:
"The defendants have no right in this
proceeding to ask this court to settle any
question affecting the rights of the city
in the matter in controversy. They have
not filed a cross-bill, nor have they ap
plied to this court or any other court to
adjust the differences between the city
and the appellant company. They have
no prayer for relief. On the contrary,
they have assumed to decide the delicate
questions involved for themselves and to
enforce their decision by the strong
hand. This cannot be permitted. We are
of opinion that their acts were unlaw
ful and that the plaintiff Is entitled to i
the relief prayed for."
I am therefore of the opinion that the
permanent injunction prayed for by the
plaintiff should be granted to the extent
that defendants be forever restrained '
and enjoined from removing the said
turntable by reason of the direction to
that effect contained in the resolution
complained of.
Nothing in this opinion is intended to
enjoin said defendants or any person
specially damaged by reason of the ex
istence of said turntable from commend
ing a proper action at law or in equity
looking to the condemnation of said turn
table as a nuisance.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRTL 4, 1599.
FLED SLAVEDOM
TO THE MISSION
THERE is a wailing and a gnashing of t^eth throughout all Chinatown;
there's been many a punk stick burned since yesterday morning's sun
broke through the recking smells and smoke, and many a parley held
in the odorous, fume-thickened alleys, and every wire that works an
influence between the haunts of the Celestials and the office of Chief of
Police Lees has been stretched to the point of breaking in an effort to have
little Yue Sin, the favorite of the beau monde of the district, returned to the
brothel -whence yesterday morning she fled to the protecting shades of the
Mc-thouiet Mission.
Since the day she arrived here under false papers, just one year ago, Yue
Sin has been the stellar attraction of the gay youth of Chinatown. Three
months before she left Hongkong she was sold by her own mother. Her
father, who was a worker In the rice fields, died when little Yue Sin was
only eight years old. The wage of the rice gatherpr is no larger than pro
vides his living, and he left nothing. Yue Sin's mother struggled against pov
erty and recurring sickness until the one daughter she had saved from "the
basket" was just 18, then she succumbed to her needs and to custom and sold
her into the life she was to lead in this country.
A year ago she was brought here by Moun Dong, one of the most infa
mous slave dealers of Ross alley, and her alleged husband, Chung Wing.
She was placed in a rooming house at S4 Hoss alley. Despite the fact that at
once she became a favorite of Chinatown's half world she only waited an
opportunity for escape, but it did not come until just before daybreak yester
day morning, when her keeper fell asleep.
Then she unlatched the door and stole out into thf» darkness of the alley.
At the end of it she found Officers Ben Castle and William Armstrong, and
into their hands she put a letter from a Christianized Chinese of Hongkong,
asking the first American official into whose hands it should come to assist
its bearer out of slavery and to the Methodist Mission <>n Washington street.
The two officers at once took her to Mrs. Lake, the kindly matron of the
mission, where she told her story- She begged piteously for relief from the
life she had been forced to lead, and Mrs. Lake, after the fashion of the la
di'-s of the mission, responded by communicating at once with the Society
for the Prevention of Vice. The society reported to the Police Department,
and Officer I. Tuchler of the California street squad was detailed to go with
a search warrant to the rooming house at S.K Ross alley to get the girl's be
longings.
He called at the mission for Tue Sin. who was to accompany him and iden
tify hor things, and accompanied by Mrs. Lake they worked th^ir way
through a menacing crowd of Chinese that news of the escape had gathered.
The doors of the rooming house were slammed in his face, but with a resound
ing kick of his well heeled boot Tuchler disposed of the barricade and led the
plave girl to her rooms on the top floor of the building. There she found a
portion of her things, though her silks and her money had been abstracted
from her trunks at the first alarm.
Then Tuchler led his charge hack through the hallways, which hn<l bp
come crowded with a muttering, threatening horde nf Chinese, down through
the reeking alley and back to the pure air of thr- mission, where, Mrs Lake
says, she shall stay until she can be disposed of in a way that will redound
otherwise than to her ruin.
THE CITY'S COMMERCE
TAKES RAPID STRIDES
TWENTY MORE CUSTOMS IN
SPECTORS NEEDED.
Growth of San Francisco's Trade
Within the Fast Year Has Been
Unprecedented in Its
History.
The following: letter, written to Customs
Collector Jackson by Customs Surveyor
Spear, speaks volumes for the improve
ment which has taken place during the
past year in the commerce of San Fran
cisco. The reasons cited by him for a
large increase in his force of deputies
•would make the best of material for a
boom souvenir of the port of San Fran
cisco. The recommendations made in the
letter have been acquisced in by the Col
lector and a copy of the letter has been
forwarded to the Secretary of the Treas
ury. In his letter Mr. Spear says:
I hurt- thp honor to report upon the re
qurst for an enlargement of the guarding
and discharging force of customs inspec
tors In my division of the service. While
the Cf ir.mf rce of the district has Increased
and the number of ships, steam and Rail,
has r''*-n added to largely, there has been
iv: corresponding increase in the Survey-
Tbe T< jo Kisen Kaisha (Oriental Ship
Company) has put three steamers on the.
Cnimi trade, increasing that service as
formerly in the hands of the Pacific Moll
fii-am?hir> Company and the Occidental
and Oriental Steamship Ompany to an
eight-day schedule, so that one steamers
cargo laps over the succeeding one and fre
quently over two. making necessary the
vise of two separate details of five inspectors
Instead of one detail of five, which formerly
sufficed for the duty.
A Bteatnahlp company with three steamers
and the Immediate prospect of others has a
rhlna and .Tapan service at San Diego as a
feeder for the Atchlson, Topeka and Santa
Fe Railrotd, and open to freights for all
ports of the United States. As a matter of
fart the principal business is on San Fran
cisco freights -which reach here, trans
shipped on I. T. manifests hy the steamers
of the Pacific roast Steamship Company.
This business requires a detail of two or
three inspectors at the latter company's
wharf ten or twelve days In the month,
when formerly none were required.
The increase in exports by the canning
and powder companies, shipping from in
terior points by roll, requires one inspector
on export for drawback duty out of town
constantly.
The Yukon trade and the increase in
I. T. Importations from Portland, Or., re
quires two inspectors, where none were
needed heretofore, and the I. T. shipment
by rail at Oakland wharf (subDort of en
try i cells for one additional inspector
there.
The I'nltPd States transport service calls
for an additional Inspector, and one is re
quired at the new migar refinery at Crock
ett, Cat. The discharging staff has hern
weakened by the formation of another dis
trict made necessary by removal of the
Oceanic Steamship Company to Pacific
street wharf. Another inspector is con
stantly needed at the Taylor and Adams
wharf In Oakland Creek, three miles from
the long wharf. The discharge of coal at
Sausalito Cal., reQuires an inspector
there, while the I. T. imports per South
ern Pacific Railway and their receipt In two
f£ cd rP ,?, l " res £" M'tlonal there. When
the Atchlson. Tnr.eka and Santa Fe rail
way occupies Its freight yards In October
Eft'dU™^ " m be requlred on con!
♦ * B ?' ♦£* { ore S° ln S exhibit It will be sew
that the Interest of the revenue and the
proper facilitating of business requires the
Rowing additions to the Surveyor's of-
Fifteen inspectors, class E (five for each
watch of eight hours each), for guarding
Five inspectors, class 2. for discharging
duty (vessel's cargo). All of which l!
respectfully submitted to you for the In
formation of the department.
CONFIDENCE IN THE BANK.
San Luis Obispo Money Is Pouring
Into the Commercial.
A week or ten days ago the State Bank
Commissioners granted to the Commercial
Bank of San Luis Obippo permission to
resume business, the institution having
been obliged to close Its doors at the time
of the failure of the County Bank. As
soon as the permission was granted the
officers of the bank called a meeting of
those interested, and with one accord
they promised to do all in their power to
put the bank upon its feet again
I'nder the agreement the doors were
opened yesterday and the success met
with was so encouraging that the offi
cers sent a dispatch to the Commission
ers to the effect that more money had*
been received that day in the shape of de
posits than on any day since it first went
into business. The Comisisoners regard
this as an evidence of the confidence of
the people of the county in the future of
the institution and general prosperity of
that locality.
A Family Disturbance.
Richard Harvey, 36 Alemany street,
was charged by his half-brother, W. J.
Sharp, before Judge Graham yesterday
with disturbing the peace. They occupy
the upper and lower fiats of the house
and Harvey, having been appointed ad
ministrator of his mother's estate or
dered Sharp to vacate, which Sharp re
fused to do and had Harvey arrested
The evidence was long and contradictory
and the Judge dismissed the case telling
them to take their troubles to the Super
ior Court.
Had a Bicycle Bell.
Ivan R. Lang, the bicyclist who was
arrested Sunday at Market and Sixth
streets for riding a bicycle without a
bell, proved to Judge Mogan yesterday
that he had the bell attached to his fin
ger, as is often the practice with bi
cyclists, and the case was dismissed. The
bicyclist who knocked down the two
girls, Louisa and Alma Miller, has not
yet been discovered, Lang being able to
prove that he was not the man.
Music at the Zinkand.
i Herr Ferdinand Btark's celebrated Vienna
Concert Orchestra plays every evening at the
Zinkand from 7;o i and from to U. •
SAVED FROM
DEATH BY A
VIGILANT CLERK
Two Boys Have a
Narrow Escape.
ARE ALMOST ASPHYXIATED
ONE LAD ACCIDENTALLY TURNS
GAS ON.
After Being Dragged From Their
Boom the Youths Are Resus
citated, but Not Without
Much Trouble.
Two boys named Ben McQuirk and
Donald McVlckera had a narrow escape
from death by gas asphyxiation yester
day morning.
Unmindful of parental warning the
boys went to Shell Mound Park, where
they drank considerable liquor. After re
turning 1 to this city they coxitinued their
libations until both were almost helpless
ly drunk. Rather than confront their
parents they decided to engage a room in
a lodging-house at 675 Mission street.
Some time after they had retired the
clerk of the house detected the odor of
escaping- gas, and he proceeded to make
an investigation. Suspecting: that the boys
had "blown out the gas," as he ex
pressed it, the clerk went to their room
and rapped for admittance. Failing to
get a response he burst open the door and
was almost overcome by the escaping
fluid. After hastily raising the windows
he dragged the unconscious boys into the
hallway. Then, thinking that they were
about to die, the clerk summoned the po
lice officer on the beat, who sent In a call
for th« Receiving Hospital ambulance.
While waiting for the ambulance the
policeman, assisted by the clerk, carried
the boys downstairs. McVickers soon re
vived and begged not to be taken to the
hospital.
"Please don't take me to the hospital?"
pitifully remarked the unfortunate
youth. " "I would rather have died in the
room than to have my poor mother know
of my narrow escape. If she finds out
that I was so nearly asphyxiated I know
it will break her heart."
McQuirk, who is a messenger boy, also
recovered in a short time, and. like his
companion, pleaded not to he taken to
the hospital. As the doctor who was in
charge of the ambulance which arrived
a few minutes later was convinced that
the boys had recovered fmm the effects
of the gas they had inhaled the police
man took them to the City Prison, where
they were charged with being drunk.
McQuirk seemed to be in a stupor and
begged to be allowed to go to sleep..
<V I don't know how it happened," he re
marked when trying to explain how the
gas was turned nn. "Aft^r renting the
room I fell on the bed, first telling: my
companion to turn off the gas. It was
only a short time afterward that I was
awakened by the smoll of escaping gas,
and although I realized that we were in
danger of being asphyxiated I did not
have sufficient strength left to assist my-
Belf or McVickers. While I could not
hl'c-.ik I was extremely happy when the
clerk burst open the door and dragged
me out into the fresh air."
On being, told of the narrow escape of
the boys from occupying slabs in the
Morgue, Captain Spillane. convinced that
they had entirely recovered from the ef
fects of the liquor and gas. ordered them
released on their own recognizance.
Trunks, valises, poeketbooks and diaries.
Best goods, best values, at Sanborn &
Vail's, 741 Market street. •
Terminal Company Organizes.
At the meeting of the directors of the
Santa Fe Terminal Company held yester
day at th*» office of the Valley road. Cap
tain A. H. Payson was elected president
and Alexander Mackle secretary and
treasurer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LIFE or
DEATH.
A noted educator and philosopher once said:
"Health and disease are conditions on which
depend pleasure or sorrow, happiness or un-
happlness. success or failure. Health makes
a man equal to any emergency. Disease makes
him unequal to the ordinary duties of life. It
Is economy to be well."
© d *^&^^r\ o
*" • i" Us \ <A ®
Jas vfl "X \ 2 H
■^ Li V'lfit'- S&tL I
i .Jwdm i
DOCTOR SWEANY,
The old reliable and longest-established special-
ists on the Pacific Coast.
NERVOUS DEBILITYand all its attend-
ing aliments of YOUNG. MIDDLE-AGED and
OLD Men. The awful effects of neglected or
Improperly treated cases, causing weakness of
the body and brain, dizziness, failing memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in the
back, loins and kidneys and many other dis-
tressing symptoms, unfitting one for study,
business or enjoyment of life. Dr. Sweany's
special treatment can cure you, no matter who
or what has failed.
WEAK MEN, Lost vigor and vitality re-
stored to weak men. Organs of the body which
have been weakened or shrunken through dis-
eases, overwork, excesses or Indiscretions are
restored to full power, strength and vigor.
RUPTURE cured by his new method with-
out knife, truss or detention from work — a pain-
less, sure and permanent cure.
VARICOCELE, hydrocele. swelling and
tenderness of the glands treated successfully
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON, SYPH-
ILIS and all diseases of the blood promptly
and thoroughly cured and every trace of the
poison eradicated from the system forever,
restoring health and purity.
PRIVATE DISEASES, Inflammation, dis-
charges, etc.. which, ; if neglected or improp-
erly treated, breaks down the system and cause
kidney disease, etc., permanently cured.
Women's Diseases a Specialty.
WRITE If you cannot call. Letters confi-
dential and answered in all languages.
HOME TREATMENT -The most success-
ful home treatment known to the medical pro-
fession. Thousands who were unable to call at
office have been cured at home by our special
treatment. Consultation free. Call or address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market St., San Francisco.
Office Hours— to 12 m. 2 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12. f .■
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wright's Mian Vegetable Fills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
who have used them . for forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
PATION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pim-
ples and purify the blood. _;J
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
SlflETifl
BLOOD POIIII.
What the New Discovery in Medical Science
Has Accomplished.
The Prompt Way to Cure Yourself When Symptoms Show
That Your Blood Is Out of Order.
THE EMINENT SPECIALIST'S FREE OFFFR TO ALL
READERS OF "THE CALL.' 1
For a great many years it has been Root is the most perfect healer and
the custom for sick people to say: "My gentle aid to the kidneys that is known
blood is out of order. It needs purify- to medical science.
ing. I feel all used up. My skin needs r - Kilmer, the eminent physician
citrine Mv hmin fppi<? tirpri " and specialist, has attained a far-famed
clearing. My brain feels tired reputation through the discovery and
They are right but do they act right? mar velous success of Swamp-Root in
They generally go and get a laxative purifying the blood, and thereby cur-
(bowel-cleaner) to purify their blood. ing chronic a. d dangerous diseases.
Does their blood run through their caused by sick kidneys, of which some
bowels? °^ * ne symptoms are given below.
Science has to-day furnished proofs . Paln 01 * dull ache ln tne back or head .
♦ v,,,*. on ♦>,„ ,>„-«*,.{„,, *v,r,+ ^,,^ ki™^ rheumatism, neuralgia, nervousness,
that all the punfjing that >our blood dizziness> irregu]ar h ° ar t, sleeplessness,
needs, in fact all that can be done, Ballow complexion, pimples, blotches,
must be done by your kidneys. skin troubles, dropsy, irritability, loss
All t" blood in your body passes of ambition, obliged to pass water often
through your kidneys once every three during the day, and to get up many
minutes. times at night, and all forms of kidney.
The kidneys strain or filter out the bladder and uric acid troubles,
impurities in the blood— that is their Swamp-Root is sold by all dealers, in
work. fifty-cent or one dollar bottles. Make
Purifying your blood is not a ques- a note of the name, SWAMP-ROOT,
tion of' taking a laxative or physic Dr. KiL.ier's Swamp-Root, and remem-
Does your blood run through your ber it is prepared only by Dr. Kilmer
bowels? & Co., Binghamton, N. T.
What the bowel-cleaner does is to The great discovery Swamp-Root has
throw out the poisons confined in your been tested in so many ways, in hos-
bowels ready for absorption into your pital work, in private practice, among
blood, but the poisons which are al- the helpless, tno poor to purchase re-i
ready' in your blood, causing your pres- lief, and has proved so successful in
ent sickness, it leaves there. every case that a special arrangement
There is no other way of purifying has been made by which all readers of
your blood except by means of your The Call who have not already tried it
kidneys. may have a sample bottle sent abso-
That is why bowel-cleaners fail to do lutely free by mail post-paid. Also a
their work— they fall to help the kid- book telling more about Swamp-Root
neya _ and containing some of the thousands
When you are sick then, no matter upon thousands of testimonial letters
what you think the name of your dis- received from men and women who owfe
ease is, the first thing you should do their good health, in fact their very
is to afford aid to your kidneys by lives, to the wonderful curative proper-
using Dr Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the ties of Swamp-Root. Be sure and men-
great Kidney Remedy. tion the San Francisco Daily Call when
In taking Swamp-Root you afford sending your address to Dr. Kilmer &
natural help to nature, for Swamp- Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall In Lake County, togfther with
complete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horses
OVER^O^KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; superb climate:
beautiful mountain scenery: trout, deer and
small game plentiful; magnificent drives;
baths in variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland. $S: via Calletoga, $9.
Hotel and cottage rates, $10 to $14 per week.
Take S F & N. P. Railway to Hopland. or
S P R. R. to Calistnga. For illustrated pam-
phlet or further Information address J. CRAICJ.
Highland Springs. Lake County, Cal., or see
L D CRAIG, 316 Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co., Thirteenth
W AHRENS> r EIN a & BULLWINKFX.
620 Post St., San Francisco.
SKftGGS 7 HOTSPR I N GS
Sonoma County; only 4^ hours from San
Francisco and but 9 miles 1 staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues: best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; good trout streams at door; pno-
toeranher's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
rnfll and express; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
ST-VGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
*taa».= - round trip from San Francisco only
J5 50 Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30
p m Terms, *2 a day or $12 a week. Ref-
erences, any guest of the past four years.
Patronage constantly increasing— last year un-
precedented, J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
tocitAVl OCTDPAT Situated five miles
TflrJiOYA KtlKtAl from Gtlroy.
Mineral water; fine hunting; finest climate
In California; magnificent location: plenty of
eggs milk and fruit; summer boarders ac-
commodated at reasonable rates: good cheer
and home comforts; good board with all the
delicacies of the season For terms, address
MRS. PORTER T. PEABODY. P. O. box 8.,
Gllro>\ —
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April 1. Ample accom-
modations in Hotel; also in new cottages, just
completed.
TVIRS. M. T. MOORE,
BELVEDERE.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Berwick, Slskiyou County, Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
SON BROS.. Proprietors.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; the water is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed; fine fishing and hunting; stage dally
from Callstoga direct to springs; round trip at
Southern Pacific offices, $10. DR. W. R. PRA-
THER, Adam Spring.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer
home. Every modern convenience. In and
out door sports. Forty-five minutes from San
Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS.
M. MERRY. Proprietor.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 1C pases, gent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling.. Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING
"A Thing of Beauty
Is a Joy Forever."
OUR EASTER EXTRAVAGANZA,
BEAUTIFUL
GOLDEN LOCKS.
MIRTH and MAGIC-FUN and FROLIC.
MERRY DANCERS
SEE THE CRYSTAL STAIRCASE.
A DELIGHT FOR YOUNG AND OLD.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
Popular Prices, 25 and 50c. Our Telephone,
Bush i.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST WEEKS OF THE
BOSTONIANS.
ALL THIS WEEK.
Victor Herbert's tuneful opera.
The SERENADE
V_ __lc of April lOth—
"ROBIN HOOD."
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
GRAND. OPERA-HOUSE. /______.
Morosco Amusement Co. (Inc.) Lessees
HAVE YOU HEARD IT? IT'S TOWN TALK.
COME AND COMPARE.
EVENINGS AT 8. SATURDAY MATINEB
AT 2.
"THE BLACK HUSSAR"
Magnificently Presented by
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY.
Greatest Singing Chorus in America. Largest
Orchestra in the City. An Ensemble.
Never to Be Forgotten.
A $2 Production at These Popular Prices:
i Orchestra Chairs 50c, 75c and $1
Dress Circle (Reserved) 50c
Family Circle 250
Gallery 150
I Saturday Matinee Prices— lsc, 25c, 50c, 75c;
Nothing Higher.
Next Week — Another Big Production,
"THE QUEEN'S LACE HANDKERCHIEF."
SEATS NOW SEIZING.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK. ".[■]
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY. ." Ti'ti.
"As Popular as Ever." . j£!l- '],
THE
CHARITY
BALL.
By David Belasco and Henry Demille.
Next Week— "HUMBUG," In Unlimited Fun.
TWO GREAT HITS
MARSHALL P. WILDER,
World's Greatest Monologuist,
KARA, "THE GREAT,"
World's Greatest Juggler.
I JOSEPHINE GASSMAN and her Pickanin-
nies.
• MENGLER SISTERS, Parisian Danseuses.
POLK & KOLLINS. THE MATWEEFS,
MANNING & WESTON. PANTZER BROS.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Corner of Eddy and Jones streets.
Under the management of HOLDEN, MAC-
DONALD and KILGO.
THIS EVENING
The great emotional actress
ACNES HERN DON
Supported by Albert A. ANDRUSS and the
Alhambra Theater Eastern Stock Company.
In the latest London furor
laid, No! Mated:
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES, ]oc, 15c, 25c and 35c.
OOOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOO
o T *.* PALACE *'"■?*
° GRAND I*±?°
_ SAN FRANCISCO. "
*~ Connected by" a covered passageway. »*
O 1400 Rooms— wi h Bath Attached. °
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICES: O
O European P1an. 9 1.00 per day and upward ft
n American Plan. $3.o<> per day and upward A
** Correspondence Solicited. 9
O JOHN 0. KIEKFATBIOK. Xtnager. O
0.0 OQQOQ Q&QQ Q QjQ.O
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley declining.
Oat. . Rye dull.
Hay. getting demorallied.
1 fiarley lower.
Bran ajid Middlings unchanged.
Lima Beans declined.
Potatoes and Onions very weak.
Butter and Eggs a fraction off.
A car of Eaat< m Poultry in.
r arrivals of lorries,
■■'ling high.
Ten cars of Oraiu-es in.
Tallow firm and active.
• Beef higher again. Pork weak.
Lumber 9 good.
THE LUMBER TRADE.
Pacific Coast Wo id an 1 Iron for April Bays:
"Every Indication points to a revival of the
umber interests all over the State. The for
«ign demand continues to Increase, while the
■ month have
rnia the promise of a most
ruit crop bids
. while prices will rule high.
:r..m the Interior
i:iu*t . Lpaclty of the
irjred the output must
g of mills
arting up of mills
■ r several
rman is good
and while the whole country is bound to thrive
lumberman will get Into the
ius of prosper
lty"s bi tune of the
■
ire in the same posi
■ Wood and
re a notlcea
>. dwood are
i< rvattve way the
an X- placed
In the m.:.: I not 1 ter than the
I week • ■ May Prices are far too low
:• aw -d and the pros
■ year must
if an *;;■;• mcc along all lines.
.aimed
■ . • iti^ns is as
I
■ and prices
The rain
■•■?pnce felt in this
■•ments on farms.
I and
the hardwood market
laid to be in
me months past."
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 3, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, je compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.20 31.15 25.60
.Keii uff Trace 19.29 12.49
: Sacramento 0.00 13.91 $.63
t-'an Franriroo 0.<») 15. 3S 7 56
Fresno O.'Xi 8.62 4.16
Pan Luis Obispo O.Cfl 14. 52 6.M
Los Anc-les 0.00 4.73 5 2S
San*. Diego 0.00 4.54 4.09
Yunia O.on 1.34 1.62
Sin Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
64; minimum; 50; mean, ."7.
.WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails over the northern
portion of the Pacific Slope this evening and
lii<ht rain 1 ? have fallen throughout Washing
ton. Oregon. Northwestern Nevada and along
the extreme northern coast of California.
The pressure has risen rapidly over Wash
ing, n and Oregon and fallen over the Rocky
Mruntain region.
The temperature has fallen over Washington
cnrl Oregon ar.J risen in all other districts.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather,
warmer In California Tuesday.
Forecast male at San Francisco for thirty
hour? en-ling midnight, April 4. IS5*9:
Northern California— .Fair Tuesday; warmer;
light northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh
•wost wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
Utah— <"loudy Tuesday, probably with show
ers :n north rir.rtk.n.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
. Pan Fra.ncisco and vicinity— Fair; warmer
Tuesday; light northerly wind.
■; H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NKW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 3.— The usual accumu
lation over Sunday of "buy it the market" or
.ders caused a buoyant opening in many stocks.
Tho dealings were on a tremendous scale, par
ticularly in the morning, and the total trans
actions were over a million and a quarter
shares. The most sensational advances were
among the specialties, many of which main
tained gains to the close, although the rail
■ways eased oft". The legal rate. 6 per cent,
was the prevailing figure for call money on
good collateral, but the rarige for the lay was
" from 5 to S, with the closing at the lower fig
ure. Although the London market was closed
because of the Easier holidays, arbitrage
brokers put out some lines of stock in the ex
pectation of getting them back cheaper in
London to-morrow. The market throughout
•was highly speculative, with rapid advances
and declines. Manhattan on tremendous deal
ings maintained an advance of S points. The
Stock was apparentl> controlled by pool oper
ations, supports being extending on decline*
and much realizing appearing at the high fig
ures. Federal Steel, on transactions second
only to those of Manhattan, sold early at the
highest figures yet reached and then receded
sharply, leaving a nil loss ■■; I*2. The pre
ferred advanced about as much. American
fcteel was pushed up three points. Missouri Pa
cihc. on trading ol over 10,000 shares, ad
vanced three points on buying by a pool sup
posed to include s some of the Insiders. Kansas
and Texas preferred at the same time was
marked up over a point.
The announcement of the privilege to sub
scribe for new stock in Brooklyn Transit, to-
Kether with an erroneous report of a cash divi
dend declaration, caused the stock to sell up
to 136, but it receded sharply, leaving a net
decline of over two points at the close. The
trading in some half dozen specialties nearly
■tqualed the dealings in all the rest of the list.
. The most conspicuous advances were: Third
' Avenue S, North American 5*4, International
.Taper "■<. Tin Plate 4^, Tennessee Coal 4\
and Sugar 3. Pacific 1!!. Delaware and
' Lackawunna, Mexican Central and Western
. Union were spots of strength. Burlington,
•' P ennpyivonia. New York Central and North
fern Pacific suffered declines of a point and
over. Kansas City, Pltt.-burg and Gulf and
Metropolitan were weak.
"The closing of the general market was weak.
; It developed after the close of business that a
deal had been effected between Manhattan and
Third' avenue railway companies.
Considerable irregularity prevailed in to
day's bond market, with th( more prominent
issues sagging. Total sales, $3,485,400. United
States, fives advanced i, but the threes lost
>i in the bid nrlce.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 1.272 -
700 shares, including: Atchfson. 170; Atchieon :
preferred, 6'i.2:;5; Central Pacific. ' 33<j0; Bur
lington. 17. 1 M; Manhattan. 166,951; Metropoli
tan. 4h10; Mexican Central, S2CO: Missouri Pa-
Ciflrf, 113.2^5; M.. K. and T. preferred. 14,475;
New York Central. 10.260; North American,
22.720; Northern Pacific, 23.155; Northern Pa
cific preferred, 4€SS; Rock Island. 10,012; Union
Pacific. 12.210; Kock Island preferred. 13.310-
St. "Paul. H.SHS; Southern Pacific, 3570; Texas
and Pacific. 42M; American Steel and Wire
6(n,320> Paper. 22.21".; People's Gas. 3n,255: Colo
rado Fuel and Iron. 42t>0; Brooklyn Transit
62.245; Continental Tobacco Company 18 70V
"Pacific Mail. 10.435; Sugar. 45,145; Tennessee
'Cotil and Iron. 22. 7 M; Leather preferred 6370"
Rubber. 3420: • stem I'nion. it.;- Pt. Louis
and Southwestern preferred, 15.150; Chicago
■ Great Western, 11,145.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 21^i;St L & S W i:u
Do prefd «2%| Do prefd 34C:
Baltimore & Ohio. 72 iSt Paul 1 >■-
Canada Pacific — i) 7's I Do prefd 171
Canada Southern.. i>S\>St I 1 & Om 96V4
Cent Pae 61 | Do prefd ]6S
Ches & Ohio .. 27*; go Pacific 3t'-.i
Chi & Alton 172 So Railway 12%
Chi B & Q 143%! Do prefd 61V4
Chi & Bill 74 iTexas A Pacific .. 235,
Do prefd 123 lUnlcn Pacific 4*."*,
Chi G W ■■.; « Do prefd 80%
• Chi Ind & L >>U U P D & <;.. 12V
Do pi-efd 43 Wabash gu
Chi & N W 153 Do prefd 24 "
Do prefd IP3V4 Wheel & L E 11«
C C C & St L.... 59\ Do prefd »1%
Do prefd 9S Express Companies-
Del & Hudson — IK. Adams Ex 110
Del L & W 173}., American Ex 140
Den A Rio 0 22^ L'nited States .... 53
. Do prefd 75',« Wells Fargo 125'
Erie new 13 7 ti ' Miscellaneous —
'. Do Ist prefd . 37% "A Cot Oil 35%
Ft Wayne 180 Do prefd S3'4
'it Nor prefd . l:»4Vj Amn Spirits 144
.Hocking Val ... Mi Do preM 34»i
Illinois Cent 117 Am Tobacco ... 224*
Lake Erie & W.. IS ' Do prefd 140
Do prefd 07 Cons Gas 204»i
Lake Shore 200 Com Cable Co ISS
Louis & Nash 65'-4'Col X /C- Iron 3G',i
Manhattan L 120% | Do prefd 56
Met St Ry 2'32'i Oen Electric .. 115>4
Mich Cent 114 Haw Com! Co 7'>
Minn & St L . 52 Brooklyn R T 13P-
Do Ist prefd 99 Intnl Paper 61%
.Mo Pacific M' 2 Do prefd ..-. 83
Mobile & 0hi0.... 44', Lead 35
Mo X & T 14'; Do prefd 112%
Do prefd «o%|Fed Steel 71»i
N" J Central ... US', Do prefd '.'V.
N T Central 141">g'\nt Lin Oil ' - :.';
N V Chi .•.. St L.. 14 Pacific Mail Mv
. Do Ist prefd C; ipeople's Gas 129',^
, .. Do 2d prefd .... :;?, Pullman Pal ICOVi
■ Nor West IS'-i Silver Cert (SO
No Amer Co «i-"- 4 Standard H & T.. WA
•No Pacific 52 ■ par VVi
Do prefd '-\ Do pefd 1J7%
Ontario & W 27% T C ft Iron. . sS>',i
Or R & N'av )ij <\: 3 Leather 7 *
. Do prefd 70 Do 1 refd 7*%
Dr Short Line .... -iliiU; S Rubber .'.2
Fac Coast Ist pfd. KS^j Do prefd .lKi*i
Do 3* Brefd — 62 JWest Union tlhi
Pittsburg ISO |Amn S & W Co.. 6STJ, |
Reading 23*: Do preid 102
Do Ist prefd .... r..v.; Pac Coast 42
R G W 35 «010 Southern .... 6%
Do prefd 764 1 Do Ist pi sfd .... '4 .
Rock Island HSU Do 2d prefd .... 22
St L& S F lift Con Tobacco .... 83%
Do prefd 70 i Do prel'd Si
Do 2d prefd .... 10% I
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3s 107* IN V Central 18t5..H4%
I" B new 4s reg....l2J4'N J c 5s 11S4
Do coup 12914 N Carolina 6s 130
U S 4s l\n-. Do 4? 10S
Do coup UJ% No Pac lsts 117
Do 2ds 934 Do 3s 88
U S 5s reg US% | Do 4.- 103 j
Do os coup 11341N V C & St L 4? .103%
District 3.65s 117 Nor &W 6s 130
Ala class A 110 Northwestern c0n. 1424 !
Do B 110 Do deb os 123
Do C 100 O Nay Ist? 11l
Do Currency 100 'O Nay 4s 102
Atchison 4s 101 lo S Line 6s tr 128%
Do adj 4s 83% ! O S Line os tr 11l
Can So 2ds 109 Reading is 89 ;
C & O 44s 94V4iR G W lsts 974
Chi Term 4a 100 St L& I M con os.lOM ;
C & Ohio 5s llS'ilSt L & S F gen 6s.l2tU
C H & D 44s 104<^St P Con 1684
D & X G lsts 1054 St P C & V Its 121%
D A R O 4s 101%) Do 5s 121
East Term Ist* ...105 So Ry 6s 10S 1 .4
Erie Or:' 4s 724] Stand R & T 65... 90S
FW & D lsts tr... 844 T'-nn new set Bs. 97
! Gen Elec os 115% Tex I'a^ L '» lets..
OII&S A6s 11l ■ Do He. 2ds 54 j
Do 2ds 110 UPD & G lsts.... 92
H&T C6s 112 Wabash Ist 5a 116' i
Do con 6s 110 Do 2ds "7
lowa C lsts 103 W Shore 4s. 1144
i La new con 4s 109% Va Centuries 84-
L& N Unl 4s 964 Do deferred 9t*
Mo Pac con 6s 120 Wi Cent lsts 60
M X & T 2ds 65% Union Pacific 45... 105%
Do 4s "- . Colo Southern 45.. 86%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 35 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 25 Ophir 120!
Con Cal & V 2 15 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 63 Quicksilver 2 23
Gould & Curry 43 Do prefd 680
Hale & Norcross.. 80 Sierra Nevada 120 j
Homestake 55 00, Standard 2 35 .
Iron Silver " 65 Union Con .' CO
Mexican 75 Yellow Jacket...... 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money- Wls Central 1%
Call loans 3 if 4 Ed Elec Tel 202
Time loans 34644 Atch prefd 624
Stocks — Bonds —
Atch Top & St Fe. 21"; Atchison 4s 100
Amer Sugar 1 7 - T ■< ■ Mining Shares —
Do prefd 118 Allouez Mm 00\... 10
Bell Tel 365 Atlantic 334 I
Boston & Albany.. 2s2 Boston & M0nt.... 870
Boston & Maine. .175 Butte & Boston.. 58
Boston L 110 Calumet & Hecla..Slo
Chi Bur A Q 143TS Centennial 47
Fitchburg 120 Franklin 26
Gen E1ectric. ...... 116 Old Dominion 46%
Federal Steel 71*; Osceola 94
Do prefd 92% (.[nincy 170 :
Mexican Central... 104 Tamarack 240 i
Old Colony 202 .Wolverine 464
Rubber 51% Parrott 59%
Union Pac- 4S L Union Land 8
West End 934 Adventure i* T 'i ;
Do prefd IIS Wlnona IS
Westlngh Elec 49 i
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. April 3.— FLOUR— Receipts, 33,
--830 barrels; exports. !0.71 '. Easier.
WHEAT— Receipts, 35,200 bushels; exports.
15.99S bushels. Spot weak: No. 2 red, 80% c, f.
o. b. afloat. Options opened strong, but be
came topheavy, and under subsequent vigor
ous be..r attacks declined sharply. Attendant
new features were light export demand, a dis
appointing visible supply reduction and small
clearances; closed weak, at 14c to l%c decline
from Saturday's close. Sale included No. 2
red May, 7St4@7BViC closed 76V-c: July, 76%@
77 7 4c, closed 76',c; September, 74Vi@75\c, closed
74 ; i"c.
VPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
METALS— The week starts with several de
partments showing marked strength on in
creased demand, light spot supplies and strong
cables. Lead proved an exception and ruled
irregular under more urgent offerings. At the
clcse the Metal Exchange called :
-Warrants. "" dull and nominal, at
$10 50.
LAKE COPPER— Strong, at $18.
TlN— Quiet, with $24 bid and $24 25 asked.
LEAD- Easy, at $4 35.
SPELTER — Firm, with $6 40 bid and $6 50
asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 15 and for
copper $ls 50. .
COFFEE— Options closed firm. 5 to 10 points
net higher. Sales, 9750 bags, Including, May.
}5; July, $5 15: September, $5 35: November,
$6 50; December, $5 65; March, }.* 85.
Spot cofliee — Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
6 11- We; No. 7 jobbing. 6 9-16 c Mild, quiet and
steady; Cordova. S(jl4c. Sales continued on
small jobbing trade.
I SUGAR— Raw, strong, tending upward. Fair
! refining, 3 15-16 c; centrifugal, V 6 test 4 7-16 c;
molasses sugar, 3 13-!' reflnfd. strong and
active.
BUTTER— Receipts. 8285 packages: steady.
Western creamery, 17©2H*c: Elgins, 214 c; fac
tory, 12@14Hc
EGOS Receipts, 14.272 cases: seady. West
ern. 13
DRIED FRUITB
NEW YORK. April 3.— California dried fruits:
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common 7«<iUc;
prime wire tray, S^'fiS'ic; choice, S'a"» : 4c; fancy,
9% i§ 10c.
PRUNES— 4,. •-.•.
i APRICOTS— Royal, 18@14c; Moorpark. 134@
17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9@llc; peeled, 23@2Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 3.— There was a decidedly
, strong tone in the wheat pit at the start. May
j opened %'g'ic higher at from 7?.%c to 73% c
and during the first few minutes trading ad
vanced to 73% c. The strength at the opening
was as a consequence of an official report from
Missouri estimating the crop condition at 66
in that State, a drop of 14 points from the
condition a year r.go. The weather through
out the Northwest was still unseasonably cold,
but there were predictions of springlike weath
er for to-morrow. Under the Influence of a
prospective modification of the temperature
(■peculators forgot all about accomplished dam
age and they soli on the advance. As the ses
sion progressed visions of s] routing seeds an.l
budding trees rose in the minris of traders and
heavy liquidation set in. Tins selling changed
the market from the extreme of buoyant light
ness to heavy depression. May wh«at slipped
off quickly to 71 «c. The heavy receipts also
encouraged selling. Atlantic port trances
of wheat and flour were equal to 297.000 hush
els. The domestic visible showed a decrease of
but 80,000 bus nets, Instead of about dOU,WO, as
expected. Covering by shorts at the declines
caused a slight rally near the end and .Ma,
closed at 71 '/jig 72- The weakness of wheat
and liquidation by loading bull concerns weak
ened corn. May closed 4.@Uc lower.
There was an excellent demand for both May
and July oats, the latter option being espe
cially wanted. May closed a shade lower.
Provisions were sustained under the weak
ness of the surrounding grain markets by the
revelations of the monthly stock taking, which
Showed apparently that the great receipts of
hogs are no more thun sufficient to satisfy
current requirements of the foreign and do
mestic consumers. May pork closed 24'§7>c
lower and lard and ribs left off practically
unchanged.
Holiday to-morrow, city election.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. 1 ; Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 73% 73% 71% 72
July 734 73% 71% 72%
Corn No. 2—
May '. 35% 35% 34% 34 7
July 36 36 35% . 33%
September 36 S6'i 36 36' i
Oats No. 2—
May 26% 26% 26% 26%
July 2". 25"i 25% 25%
Mess Pork, p«»r barrel —
May r ' 12H 9 124 9 07% 910
July 9 2 . 9 25 i 20 9 25
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 5 274
July 5 45 5 45 5 40 5 42%
September 555 555 5 52,4 555
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 4 75 4 75 4 75 4 75
i July 4 S7V4 490 485 4 874
September 5 CO
I Cash quotation!" were as follows:
Flour, moderate demand and steady; No. 2
spring wheat, 694©714 c: No. 3 spring wheat,
BS®7o%c; No. 2 red, 74@76c; No. 2 corn 34Hc;
No. 2 oats. 27(g'27Vic; No. 2 white, 30<g304e; No.
3 white. 2S%'g 1 2J%c; No. 2 rye. 65c: No. 2 bar
i ley. Z'^filc; No. 1 flax need, $1 21; prime timo
thy seed. $2 35; mess pork, per barrel, $3@y OS;
lard, per 100 pounds, $.'. 20®5 224 : short ribs
Bides (loos?), «4 So®4 90; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 4%(H44c: short cl*>fir sides (boxed)
$4 95175 05; whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gallon, $1 26.
Articles—' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 16.000 21, 000
Wheat, bushels 32,000 26 000
Corn, bushels 146,000 311000
Oats, bushels .'. 887,400 1:2,000
Rye, bushels 6,000 2,000
Barley, bushels ..34.000 . s.OOO
I On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; Creameries, 14@204e; Dairies
114@18c Eggs, steady: fresh, ll%c. Cheese'
firm; Creameries, Ili;igl24c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments,
Cltlen— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 605,760 35 420
Duluth 131,295
Milwaukee 14.550 ...""
Chicago '
Toledo 9,254 17.000
St. Louis C.OOO 36,010.
Detroit 15.477 ....
Kansas City 6<1,000 14,500
Totals
Tidewater— .
Boston 9. 2S 87,130
New York 35.200 15.59S
Philadelphia 5,762 1.366
Baltimore 14,631 ■ - - 16,000
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 4, 1899.
New Orleans 104,000
Galveston 21,924
Totals 56.803 224,494
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening . Holiday.
Closing
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour- . ;; llj -May.
Opening Holiday.
Closing
Wheat—
Opening
Closing
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, April 3.— Cattle showed a decided
Improvement from the Mart, prices ruling
largely 10c higher. Fancy cattle, $5 70@5 DO;
choice steers, $5 35®5 6.'.; medium steers, $4 70@
4 95: beef steers, 8404 65; stockers and feeders,
$3 50@4 85; bulls, $2 6034 60; cows and heifers,
$3 40@4 25; Western fed steers, $4 20@5 50; Tex
as steers, $4 15@5 10; calves. $4@7.
Hogs ruled a ehade lower, sales largely at |
$3 75@3 S5; fair to choice grades, $3 BO@3 92l a :
heavy packing lots, $3 (008 77%: mixed, $3 63®
3 824; butchers, $3 85@3 874; light. $3 65@3 824;
pigs, $3 8003 75.
Trade in sheep was active at steady prices,
hut lambs comprised the great bulk of offer-
Ings and Bold on an average of 6®loc lower.
Fair to prime sheep, $4 2506 05; exports, $4 76@ '■
5 05; yearlings, $4 65!§T> 15; lambs, $s<fs 90.
Receipts— Cattle, 14,500; hogs, 40.000; sheep,
IS.OOO.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. April 3.— To-day's statement |
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail- i
able cash balance, $255,062,630; gold reserve, !
$245,564,882.
THE COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April COTTON— Quiet:
middling, 6\;c.
NEW ORLEANS, April 3.— COTTON— Quiet;
! middling, 6%c.
ELGIN BUTTER MARKET.
ELGIN, 111., April 3.— Butter steady at 204 c
. All offerings, 145 tubs, sold.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., April Clearings, $372.
--204; balances. $60,156.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. April The Eastern
I markets suffered a big slump again to-day and
i San Francisco was also lower. The European |
exchanges being closed, nothing was obtain- j
able on the condition of affairs over there. Lo
cally, the same condition prevailed as was In I
evidence Saturday. Fifty-eight cents was of- !
fered for Walla Walla and 6i»c for Valley, with I
Blue Stem nominally 61c. Exporters not in :
pressing need of wheat refuse to quote over
I 56c for Walla Walla and 58c for Valley.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash,, April WHEAT— CIub,
: 58c; Blue Stem, 61c.
: — •
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
I Sterling Cables — iB6 i
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraph.... — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
■ Mexican Dollars — 48@48V4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT — The market was weak on the spot
ar.d lower on call, with more sellers than buy
ers.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07%@l 10; milling.
$1 124® 1 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls $1 HVg;
2000, $1 10- s ; 38,000, $1 11. May— 24,ooo, $1 07%.'
Regular Morning Session — December— 2ooo
ctls, $1 10%; 44,000, $1 l f ' ? , May— 2ooo, $1 07%
--6000, »l 074; IS. OOO. $1 07',i ; 26.000, $1 07%.
Afternoon Session — December — 10.000 ctls
$1 10%; 14.000, $1 10-%: 8000, $1 10%. May— 2ooo.
1 07%; 24. 00, $1 07%.
BARLEY— StiII lower prices are being made,
both on and off call.
Feed. $1 12%©1 15: Brewing, $1 200] 25 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— Seller 'IS, new— ctls, 83% c;
8000, S3%c; 6000. »34c. December— 2oo<l, S7» t c.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new —
4000 tls, S3Hc.
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new — 2000 ctls,
83% c; 16,000, 83% c; 6000. 83% c.
OATS The market continues dull at the old
quotations.
Fancy Feed, $1 42401 45 per ctl; good to
choice. $1 87V4@1 (0; common. $1 32431 33; Sur
prise. $1 45©1 50; Gray, $1 324^1 374; Milling.
»1 40(tf 1 J2% per ctl; Red, $1 45<g.l 50; Black. $1 33
(51 *y.
CORN— There is no further change.
Small round Yellow. II 25; Eastern largp Yel
, low, $1 12. -. White. $1 12%®] 17%; mixed. $1 06',;
<g-l 10 per Ctl; California White, nominal.
RYi : ier ctl.
BUCK V\ HKAT— N< minal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
California family extras, $4; bakers'
extras. SS 53<353 90; Oregon and Washington,
$3^2 65 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, (3 25 per 100 pounds: Rye Flour. $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeai, $3 25; Oatmeal, (4 50<a» 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy, $3 25(Jf3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $404 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina. $4 TO; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 ;r,si6 95; in sacks, $6 35<gC 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 60; Green Peas.
55 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The farmers continue to pour In their Hay
In a flood and the market Is demoralized in
consequence. The commission merchants are
standing under the market and are bidding in
all they can to keep prices from going all to
smash. There were hardly any purchases yes
terday, in spite of the receipts of 945 tons, ex
cept those of the merchants themselves, and
the quotations below are therefore nominal.
Bran and Middlings are unchanged.
Rolled Barley is lower.
BRAN— 111 ■• IS per ton.
MIDDLINGS— »9@2I per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 #31 50; job
bing, $32'arS2 00; Cocoanut Cake. *24©23; Cot
tonseed Meal. $25330 per ton; Cornmeai. $23 50
Q2\ CO; Cracked Corn. $2 4 ft 25; Mixed Feed,
$ISI .v0(<?20.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $14 50§16 for
goo.l to choice and $12 .'Off 13 50 for lower grades;
Wheat and Oat, $13'<:> 15 : Oat. $12£13 50; island
Barley. $12f?13; Alfalfa, $s^9 50.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
-Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $12@13; Cheat.
$10 50@U 50; Grass Hay, $9 60@10 50; Oat, $12®
14; Clover, $9 bO<Q 10 50; Timothy, $ll'al2 per
ton.
STRAW— 3S@7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Limn Beans are still lower, but otherwise
there is nothing new. The market is quiet.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 75@1 85; Small Whites.
$2 H><S2 20; Large Whites. $1 80@l 90; Pinks.
$2 0592 15; Reds, $3 25@3 35; Blackeye. $3 750
8 85; Butters, $2 23<£2 50; Limas, 834003 50; Pea,
$2 25(32 50; Red Kidneys. $2 50@2 60 per ctl. !
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3 75@4 per ctl;
yellow Mustard, $3 25<S'3 EO; Flax. $2 I5«B2 25;
Canary Se*d, 2%<SJ2%c per Ib; Alfalfa. 84<594c;
Rape. 2\iif2\c; Hemp, 24<?3c; Timothy. 5@54c.
DRIED PEAS— Nilee. $1 65@1 70; Green. $20
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 1070 boxes Asparagus, 197 boxes
Rhubarb and 45 sacks Peas.
Asparagus continues' to bring very high
prices. ..Good Rhubarb is also firm, though
small stock drags. Peas are likewise scarce
and high. ;■ '
Potatoes are weak, with a downward ten
dency. Onions are demoralized at a further
decline.
POTATOES— SI fo@l 75 per ctl for Early Rose,
$1 50@l 66 for River Burbanks; Sonoma and
Mnrln Burbankß, $1 SD(iJI 65 per ctl; Oregon.
$1 40@l 50 for seed and $1 60@l 80 for larg»;
Sweet Potatoes, $2 75 for Merced; New Po
tatoes. 4c per lb. '■-.;"':'
ONIONS per ct!, outside quotation,
for Oregon.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $1(?1 60 per box
for No. 2. $1 7"/2 for No. l and $2 20@2 50 for
fancy; Rhubarb, 40@75c per box for the general
run and $10125 for fancy; Green Peas, 7&'.ic;
String Beans. 13<S?2r>c; Cabbage. $125(9150; To
matoes, $1 75©2 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, —
per lb; Garlic. 6'37c per lb; Dried Okra, 15c per
lb: Dried Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers, ;
I Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Mushrooms, 4@loc per
lb; Hothouse Cucumbers, 7SCOSI 50 per dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at 13@15c for Turkeys,
$7 50 for Ducks, 1707 50 for Hens, and $5 50
for old Roosters.
There was not enough local stock In to make
quotations. • . 2 - '■
POULTRY-Dressed Turkeys. 13@16c; live
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 14#15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 5001 75; Goslings. $2 25
©2 50; Ducks, 8607 for old and $7@S for young;
Hens, %Zb(t<s~; young Roosters, $55?9, old
Roosters, $5'!T6; Fryers, 8707 60; Broilers,
$5 r.o<tffi 50 for large. tV'l 4 50 for small: Pigeons,
SI 500] 75 per dozen for old and 12@2 50 for
Squabs.
I GAME— Gray Geer-e, $303 50; White Geese,
i 75cft$l; Hare, SOC0S1; Rabbits, .$1 50 for Cotton
j tails and $1 for small; English, Snipe, $3 per
I dozen.
BUTTER, CHEESE 'AND EGGS.
Butter Is a fraction off and quiet. Th*. ex
pected decline in Eggs did not occur, as re
ceipts were light There was a fractional
shading:, however, as the demand was slack.
BUTTER- ■ • v - :
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 17@17%c; seconds,
16@16Hc.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 15@16c; common
grades. He.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll@lli*c; old.
10@10^c; Cream Cheddar, >12@12Hc; Young
America. llH®l2^c: Eastern, 11%@14c. ,
EGGS— at 16517% c per dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUIT.
Receipts of Strawberries were insignificant
hardly enough for a quotation. Stocks of
Oranges were increased by the arrival of ten
cars. Apples were scarce and firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 7jc(S"Jl 25 for common, $1 50Ji>l 75 per
box for No. 1 and $2'?/ 2 50 for choice to fancy.
Strawberries. 50c5$i per. drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS Navel Oranges. $2 25@ < 3 50
per box: Seedlings. $I@l 75; ' Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 50@2; Lemons. 75c@$l 50 for common
and $2@2 50 for good to choice: Mexican
Limes, $454 50; California Limes. 75c«i'$l per
email box: Grape Fruit. $1 50JT3: Bananas, $1 50
@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUITS— 7c for "0-M's, 6-0>
B«4c for 50-60 1 5.4@4%c for 60-70's, 3K©3Hc for
70-80' 2%<S3a for 80-90" 2 1 / : >4e for 90-lOC's
and 2(g'2Vic for 100-110's; Peaches, sy.'JfO'.io fcr
good to choice, 10c for fancy and — for
peeled: Apricots, 12Vi@15c for Ifoyals and ■
for Moo^parks; Evaporated Apples, BV.@9c; sun
dried. s(jfs',ic: Black Figs. sacks," 2®2^4c;
Plums, nominal, 2c for unpltted; Pears, nomi
nal.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 4% for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4V£Sf6c Tor Seed
less Sultanas, l'%c for Seedless Muscatel*
and $1 20 for London Layers; Dried Graphs,
294 @3c.
— Chestnuts, 7c per lb: Walnuts, s@Bc
for hardshell. 10@llc for EOftshell: Almonds
f@9c for hardshell, 12@13c for sottshell. Hylic
for papershell; Peanuts, 6©7 c for Eastern and
<K6'se for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, lO^llc for bright and S@oo
for lower grades: water white extracted, 7»4
@7^c: light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 6®3W
per lb. >•
BEESWAX— 2S<g27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 8c per lb for heavy,
B%g9c for light medium, 10%@llc for light,
12c for extra light and !2v 2 J(l3c for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10%@llc
California Hams. 10c; Mess Beef, $12@12 50 per
bbl; extra Mess Beef, $13 GO; Family Beeef,
$14 50<g15; extra prime Pork, $12; extra clear,
$18; mess, $16; Smoked Beef. 10Vi@llo per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5@5%c per lb to
compound and 7V-c for pure; half barrels
pure. 7\@Sc; 10-lb tins, SVic; 6-lb tins. S^c.
COTTOLENE— 6<y 'q.r,~,c; packages,
lees than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails. 60 in a case, 9 Vie
3-lb pails, 20 In a case, S%c; 5-lb pails, 12 In
a case, SHe; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case. 8-«ic;
50-lb tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7 7 -ge: wooden buck
ets, 20 lbs net, B%c: fancy tubs. 80 lbs net,
7%a; half-barrels, about 110 lbs, 7»ic.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Tallow continues active and firm at the ad
vance already noted.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. lCc; medium, 9c; light. &<&SV4c; Cow
hides, B%@9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c: dry Hides, "sound, 15c; culls and brands,
12c: d:y Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 10<J?30c each; short
Wool, 33960 c each: medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
SOc<sjsl 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75<3>2 2
for large and $1 for small; Colts, 25@50c foi
small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; No.
2, 3>£c; refined, Be; Grease, 2VsC.
WOOL Spring Clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months. ??<>■; Foothill and Northern free. 10
012 c: Foothill and Northern defective, S^llc:
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14@15c; Nevada, 10
@12c: Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9 @U
Northern Mountain 7 iff 10
Southern 6 <a, 7V4
Plains 6 & 7
HOPS— IS9S crop. 10-ffllc per lb for ordinary.
12(g12^4c for pood and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Another advance In Beef is noted. Hogs are
weak and unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
BEEF ■'. r 3 L ■'. per lb.
YEAL — Large. 7c: small, TV^Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7Vs?''c: Ewes. 7c per lb
LAMB— Spring, lo@llc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, Be for small, s£sHe for
medium and 4 l i'SA*ic for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 45?4%c; dressed Hogs, GVi@7%c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%e for June
and July: Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San Quentln
Bags, $4 96.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. (8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend, $7 6©';
Scotch. $S; Cumberland. $8 In bulk and $9 *>;
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel. is 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, ■' 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk nnd $14
in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, ."%<■; Powdered 5%c; Candy
Granulated. 5Uc; Dry Granulated, 5Hc; Con
fectioners' A, 5M,c; California A. 4%c; Magnolia
a. 4»4c; Extra C, 4%c; Golden C, 4>^c; half
barrels, V' more than barrels, and boxes, l^c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or its equivalent.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday. April 3.
Flour, qr sks 9,554; Sugar, ska 3 580
Wheat, ctlß 590 Sugar, bblfi 235 j
Barley, ct\e 1,350 Raisins, bxs .... 33!
Corn, ctls. East. 600 Brandy, gals VOW I
Cheese, ctls 2" Wine, gals 52 600
Butter, ctls 21" Lime, bbls 1*
Beans. Fks 261 Leather, rolls S3
Potatoes, sks :■•( Eggs, do« 1(5 SOO
Onions, sks 1.624 Wool, bales '■>■••;
Bran. sks..' 2,613 Pelts, bdla 209
Middlings, 5k?.... in Hides, no *.. 6^6
Shorts, sks..-. 120 Hay. tons 943
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 440 Onions, ska 335!
Potatoes, sks 349 Hay, tons 20
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 5,828 j Potatoes, sks 353
Wheat, ctls 1,890 Straw, tons 35
Oats, ctls
NEVADA.
Barley, ctls
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was more variation in local securities
on the morning session, Paauhau Plantation
I advanced to 3!»i and Hawaiian Commercial to
| Sslj. Gas and Electric weakened again, 'sell
: ing down to 75%. The dividends of this com
pany will hereafter be at the rate of 5 instead
of D per cent per annum. On the afternoon
board there was a further decline to 74, and a
further advance In Hawaiian to 86.
Mining stocks opened firmer at a slight ad
vance, but the market did not develop the
strength expected to follow the resumption of
pumping." The telegram from the pump was
as follows: "Pump started at 6:86 p. m. Satur
day and has been continuously at work with
out vibration. Water at 8:30 this morning Is
IC6 feet below the 1750-foot level and 133 feet
below the Sutro drain boxes, and Is going down
at the rate of one foot per hour. The water
is going down slowly in the Consolidated Cali
fornia and Virginia 1750-foot level winze, in
the ("hollar combination shaft and In the Hale
and Norcross incline." The feeling was weak
er In the afternoon. . j
A quarterly dividend of 30 cents per share
is now payable by the Stockton Gas and Elec
tric Company.
The usual 60-cent quarterly dividend of th
Market Street Railway will be paid on th
10th.
The Giant Consolidated Powder Company will
! pay a dividend of 60 cents per share on the lOt
The delinquent assessment sale of the Alt
Mining Company will be held to-day. . ■
The second dividend of, the Paauhau Planta
tion Company, of 30 cents per share, will be
paid on the 10th.
The Argonaut mine in Amador County paid
Its regular monthly dividend of $20,000 on the
29th of March.
The official report from the Consolidated Cal
ifornia and Virginia mine Btates that the Corn
stock Pumping Association has been engaged
In the following work at the C. & C. shaft dur
ing the past week: 1400 level— The west drift '
has been extended 12 feet; total distance west
from C. & C. shaft, 421 reel. The face is in :
soft hanging wall rock. . 1500 level— On this
level a drain was repaired and a tine of four- !
Inch pipe laid to catch up water that was find
ing its way through to the 1650 station. 1650 |
level— On this level the water pipe system Is I
being rearranged to guard against fire. 1750
level— Work has been continued on repairing !
the winze station and reopening the northwest I
passage through the old stopei between the
1750 and 1650 levels. At present this is the only I
airway between the 1750 and 1650 levels. Neces
sary repairs have been made on the lower
floor below the engine floor leading to the ore
house and waste dumps. The larger part of
the pumping association force being engaged in
placing the rearranged elevator in position, no j
work has been done on the air compressor of
the hoist for the 1750 winze.. All of this work
will be finished before the Fix-Inch air pipe
arrives from the East, which was ordered last
week.
In the Union Consolidated mine west cross
cut No. 1 has been started 100 feet north of
the top of the upraise 2CC feet above the 900
level and advanced 10 feet. The face ' is in
quartz assaying from $1 50 to $2 per ton.
in the Sierra Nevaaa mine the north drift ,
started at a point 187 feet northwest from the
140-foot level station of the shaft, was ad
vanced 8 feet during the week: the total length
251 feet; face in quartz, which assays $1 23 to
$2 per ton. The raise started at a point 223
feet north from the west drift to connect with !
the Rlley tunnel has been advanced 21 feet;
.total length, 37 feet. 900 level— south drift
from the too of the raise 80 feet above this
level was advanced 10 feet during: the week;
total length, 132 feet; face in porphyry. .
In the Utah Consolidated mine the north
weet drift, started at a point in main west
drift 120 feet In, was advanced 18 feet in por
phyry; total length, 93 feet.
In the Best & Belcher and Gould & Curry i
mines, on the Sutro tunnel level, they are still
repairing the Osbiston shaft station and are
using aJI good timber in the old sets for these
repairs. The ground is blocky and dangerous.
In the Hale & Norcross mine they are making
good progress in cleaning out and repairing the
connecting drift between the main incline and
the Sutro tunnel south lateral branch.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, April 3—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Equit G L Co. — 9%
«s quar c0up..H3%114 Mutual El Co. 15% 15' 4
4s quar reg... — — ! Oakland Gas.. — 49
4s quar new..128%129%' Pac Gas Imp. 76 77
3s quar coup.. — lOSU Pac LCo — 49
Miscellaneous— s F G & E.... 74*4 75
Cal-st Cab 58.116 — San Fran IS A*i
Cal Elec L 6s.i;s>il27yi Stockton Gas.. 9. —
C C Wat 55....165% — I Insurance—
, Dup-st ex c... — — FirenVs Fund.22o 225
X L & P 65.. 131 — Bank Stocks—
F& Cl Ry 65.116 — Anglo-Cal .... 65 — 4
Geary-st R ss. — 98 Bank of Cal.. —
111 C & S 5%5. — 105 Cal SD & T.. 98 —
I- AL Co 65.. — — First Nationl.22o 225
Do gntd 65. .101 — Lon P & A...12;>%133
LAR of Ca1.106%107Vi Mer Exchange — 16
Maiket-st 65...12S — Nev Nat 8k..152% —
Do Ist M 35.116%116%: Savings- Banks—
NCN G R 75.107 — Ger S & L... — 1675
I N Ry Cal fis . . 1 13% •"■'« Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 55..110%110 ! Hi Mutual Say. — 41%
N i' CR R 6s. — 107 S F Say U.. 500 —
NPC R R 55. 102% — S & L 50.... — 101
N Cal R R 55.10mi03 Securit S B. 300 SSO
| Oak Gas 5? 109 " — Union T Co. 1465 —
Om C Ry 65.. .125% — Street Railroad*—
P & Cl Ry 6s. .107 108% California 112%115
! P &.O 6s 117 - 'Geary 45 —
I Powell-st 65... — 121% Market-st .... — —
1 Sao El Ry fir. — — Oak S L&H. — —
! S F& N P 55. 113 113% Presidio 12 —
I S F & S JVSa. — i • Powder—
SierraßCal 6s. California .... — 200
!SPof Ar 65. .112% — " ! E Dynamite... — 102%
ISP C6s (l<>o:>mo% — Giant Con Co. 61% —
S PC 6s (1906) — — Vlgorlt 2% 2%
•SP C6s (1912) — — i Sugar—
SPCIs eg ss.io:. — Hana P C 0.... 17% 1" 7 ',
j SPBr 6s 122% — Haw C&SC. 56 86%
S V Water 6s. — 117 Hutch S P Co. 31% 31%
8 V Water 45. 103% — Paauhau SP. 30 40
' B V W45(3dm).101%102 Miscellaneous—
, Stktn Gas 65.. — 104 Al Pac Assn. .llo% —
Water Stocks— Ger Ld Wk5...250 —
Contra Costa.. 66 66 l ,i Mer Ex Assn.. 00 —
Marln Co - .O — (Oceanic S Co.. 74 75
Spring Valley. lo2 — ! Pac A F A.... 1% 2
Gas and Electric— I Pac C Bor C 0.106. 106 —
Capital Gas... — — | Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Cent L & P... 1% 8%
Mornlnrr Session.
Board—
100 Contra Costa Water 66 00
i ICO Equitable Gas 9 60
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 85 00
200 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 85 25
183 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar S5 50
70 Hutchinson S P Co 31 50
$2000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds — 106 75
20 Market-st Railway 64 50
! 40 Market-st Railway 64 62%
200 Mutual Electric Light 15 25
200 Paauhau S P Co 39 00
73 Paauhau S I" Co 39 12%
20 Paauhau S P Co, b 3 39 -'5
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 76 23
30 S !■' Gas St Electric 'Co 76 00
: 45 s F Gas & Electric Co 75 75
I $1000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge) 101 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
35 Alaska Packers' Association 110 50
50 Contra Costa Water 66 00
25 Contra Costa Water 6ti 25
BO Giant Powder Con..' 8150
100 Hana Plantation Co .' 17 75
103 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 86 00
£5 Hutchlna in S P Co Si 50
50 Mutual Electric Light 15 37%
.-■■ Mutual Electric Light 15 50
100 Mutual Electric Light 15 25
$10 000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds. llo 50
[ SO Lauhau SP Co 39 25
$1000 S F & X P Ry bonds 113 25
$2000 6 F & S J v bonds ."....114 50
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 76 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 75 50
455 S F Gas & Electric Co 75 00
3 S F Gas & Electric Co 74 00
100 g v Water W2 25
$7000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge).... -.101 75
Street—
$10,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds.. lo6 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Mornlns Session.
Board —
I 25 Equitable Gaslight 950
I 25 Equitable Gaslight '. 9 37%
i 65 Paauhau B P Co 39 00
| 25 Oceanic B SCo 74 -'■
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Giant Con Co 6100
20 - F Gas & Electric Co 75 75
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 85 87%
40 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 86 00
Stre< •
100 Equitable Gaslight 9 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Mornins Session.
600 Belcher 4«, 500 Mexican 83
850 Best & Belcher 88 1300 Mexican 85
200 Challenge 50 | 450 Ophlr 130
400 hollar 45 20 Ophlr 125
400 Con Cal & V...2 41 300 Potosi 36
150 Confidence 120 SOO Potosi 33
100 Crown Point... 32 200 Savage 34
41 1 Gould & Curry. 54! 200 Savage 35
100 Gould & Curry. .551 900 Sierra Nev 1 40
300 Hale & Norcrs. 40 350 Union Con 63
500 Kentuck 06|
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 47 100 Potosi 33
500 Best & Belcher 64 500 Savage 33
250 Con Cal & V...2 25 450 Savage ./. 34
200 Gould & Curry. 49 200 Seg Belcher.... 07
li) 0 Gould & Curry. 50 200 Sierra Nev 1 30
1000 Mexican 7S 300 Union Con 66
250 Occidental 32, 400 Union Con 65
700 Ophir 1 20 i 200 Yellow Jacket.. 31
'* ■:
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Andes 21 400 Mexican 8S
200 Belcher 49 800 Mexican C 7
200 Belcher 4S. 300 Mexican 86
500 Best & Belcher 70 1 400 Mexican S5
400 Best & Belcher 69 1 400 Occidental 32
500 Best & Belcher 68 500 Occidental 31
• (Best & Belcher 66 4"0 Ophlr 1 37%
300 Challenge Con. 47 300 Ophlr 1 32%
SSO 'hollar 43 800 Ophlr 123
400 Con Cal & V...2 41 400 Overman 20
13.*0 Con Cal & V...2 451 130 Potosi 37
250 Con Cal & V.2 87% 11M Potosi 88
3™ Con Cal & V.2 32%' 300 Savage 34
£00 Ton Cal & V...2 30 500 Sierra Nev...l
400 Crown Point... 81 600 Sierra Nev 140
400 Gould & curry. 55 400 Sierra Nev 135
TOO Gould it Curry. M 1200 Union Con 70
700 Gould & Curry. 63 800 Union Con 69
300 Gould & Curry. 52 1 700 Union Con 67
1250 Hale & Norcrs.* 40 500 Yellow Jacket.. 33
300 Kentuck 07 1
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 21, 300 Mexican 32
200 Best & Belcher 65 [ 200 Mexican SI
! 410 Best & Belcher 68 200 Mexican SO
300 hollar 42 700 Mexican 79
200 'hollar 39' 400 Mexican 78
3.'0 Con Cal & V...2 30 200 Ophlr 1 22%
500 Con Cal & V.2 27%' 900 Ophir 1 20
450 Con Cal & V...2 25 400 Ophlr I lpi
I 600 Con Cal & V...2 21 600 Overman 19
300 Con chl & V.2 22% 700 Potosi 33
200 Con Cal & V.2 17%: 200 Sierra Nev...l 37%
1 400 Gould A Curry. 50 200 Sierra Nev...l 32' s
SOO Gould A Curry. 49 j 500 Union Con «6
300 Hale & Norcrs. 3Sj 300 Union Con 63
200 Justice 26 200 Union con 05
400 Justice 26 200 Union Con 64
600 Kentuck 08 200 Yellow Jacket.. 31
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, April 3—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con OS 10 Julia — 05
Alta — 13 Justice ;... 26 26
Andes 20 22 Kentuck 06 07
Belcher 46 47 Lady Wash — 02
Best & Belcher 62 63 Mexican 77 78
Bullion 06 07 Occidental '31 33
Caledonia 45 - Ophlr 1 15 120
Chollar 3S 40 Overman 20 21
Challenge Con. 44 46 Potosi 31 33
Confidence 1051 15 Savage 33 34
Con Cal & V...2 15 220 Scorpion 04 05
Con Imperial... 02 03 Seg Belcher.... 07 OS
Crown Point... 29 30. Sierra Nev 130 135
Con New York. 02 — Silver Hill 04 06
E Sierra Nev.. 02 — Syndicate ...... — OS
Eureka Con — 50 Standard — 75
Exchequer — 04 Union Con 63 64
Gould & Curry. 48 49 Utah 20 22
Hale & Norcrs. 36 38 Yellow Jacket.. 30 31
. ♦ .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
James E. Orohant, Anna L. and Ronaki
Dodge to Hrnry L. Hayes, lot on S line of
Waller. 1S1:3 E of Fillmore. E 2:> by S 120; $10.
M.iry E. Dewing to Louis Fisohbeck. undi
vided linlf of lot on P line of Fell street. 55 W
Of Stelner. W 3ft by S 85; $1327.
Arthur .1., Alice B. and Dora Dewing (min
ors, by Mary F. Dewing, guardian) to same,
Fame: $1127.
Arthur .T. and Alice B. Dewing to same,
fame; $10.
Dora Dewing to same. pame. quitrlaim deed;
$in.
Elise C. Juillerat to Louise Jacoard. let on N
line McAllister street. 2:.5:7' 2 Eof First avenue,
N 13?:7tt, B 25. S 137:7. W 26*14; $10.
Bridget <n»fn (by B. r. Oliver, <-ommissioner)
to Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society, lot on
E line of Mission avenue (Dearborn place).
22:. S Seventeenth street. S 25 by E 10S, 88.273;
$1635.
Curollne C Putler to Caroline A. and Mary
F Potter, lot on E line Oakv.-ood (Fair Oaks)
Street, 213 6 of Etehteenth. B 12.V E 103, N 11 de
minutes \V 12." to beginning; $10.
aeorse I- nnd Mary E, Carroll to Florence
Fl. Frisbpe, lot on SE corner of Fourteenth and
Noe Btreeta, B 280 by 8 230; $io.
Florence R- Frisbee to Henry Pimas, lot on E
Noe street. . r i2:fi N of Henry. N 25 by E 105; $10
Francis E. Stelgfr to .T.-hn W. Wright, lot
mi NX corner of Berkshire and ('roton streets
N 10(i by E 25, lot 1. Mock 14. Mission and
Thirtieth street Extension Homestead: $10.
.luhannah Crowley to Mary E.. .Tulletta and
Thomas M. Crowley, undivided three-elKthtlis
of following: Lot on E line of Valencia street
106 X of Twenty-third. N 30 by E 12f>; also lot
on E line of Valencia street. 211 S of Twenty
first. S 2n by H 125; also lot on E line of Guer
rero street, 372:6 S of Eighteenth, S 49 by E
105; also lot on N'W corner of Seventeenth and
Hoff avenue, W 92:6 by '-N- 168 (reserving life
estate); $10. • ■
Same to Julietta Crowley, undivided half of
same (4 descriptions); $10.
Samuel Mcßowen to Grace Mcßowen, lot on
W line Harrison street, 115 S of Twenty-sixth,
W 122:6 thence S to N line of Serpentine ave
nue, E to Harrison street, N to beginning; gift.
Mary A. Connor, Michael S., John J., James
F. and Annie M. Gunning. Kate and Kate
Hart and Elizabeth C. Fisher to George O.
Johnson and Julius P. Jaejrelinp. lot on NW
MeLea court, 133 XE of Ninth street, XE 23
by .\' T >Y 75; $10. • " : •
Anton Stoehr to Caroline Stoehr, lot 5, block
402. South San Francisco Homestead and Kail
' road Association; gift.
Caroline Wilson to Ludwig H. Hansen, lot on
: N line of lot sold November 7. 1898, by Caroline
■■ Wilson to Ludwig 11. Hansen, with the SK line
I of the SW quarter of 100-vara lot 5 of Laguna
survey, bein:r 52:6 VV of Van Ness avenue.
thence VV 42:6 more or less, thence SE along
100-vara lot 5. 22 feet NB 36 more or less; *:>>).
W. B. Waldron to Joseph F.. John and Emma
Grennnn. lot on S line of Grove street, 165 E
of c, ugh, E 27:6 by S 120; *10.
Emma Quflllnnn (Grennan) to John A. and
' Joseph F. Grennan, lot on S line of Grove
street. 220 W of Franklin, W 27:6 by S 120;
also lot on N line of Fell street, 00 E of Oc
tavia, E 65 by N 120; $10.
Michael King to Mary King, lot on S line of
Golden Gate avenue. 192:6 W of Buchanan
street, W 27:6 by S 137:6; gift.
Alameda County.
Olive R. Chapman to Eva T. Bard, undivided
11-18 interest of lots 6 and 7, block 16, Oak
land; $10.
T. H. and Rattle D. Woodward to Ellen
Thomson, lot on 8 line of Seventh street, 53 \V
of Adeline, W 25, S 109:9, E 25, N 109:11 to
beginning, being lot 25, block 488, Brlggs Tract,
map 2, Oakland; $10.
Peter A. and Lizzie Cameron and Joseph B.
and Bessie McDonald to C. M. MacGregor, lot
on S line of Sycamore street, 273 E of Grove,
E 100 by S 100, being lots 25 and 26, block L,
Kelsey Tract, Oakland: $10.
George W. Kelley to Mabel P. Tevis, lot 12,
in plat 27. Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland
Township; $1800.
Alice B. Davy to Joseph B. Davy, lots 16 and
18, block 18. Daley's Scenic Park, Berkeley
; (quitclaim deed); $10.
Martha G. Bailey and George M. Sheldon
(guardians of the estate of Ethel Sheldon, Mat
tie. Rita, Cherry, George R. and Mary Bailey,
minors) to Helena Carlson, lot on N line of
Woolsey street, 64 W of Grove. W 50 by N 135:5,
being lot 11, block 5, Central Park Tract,
Berkeley; 510.
Ella chine to Josephine L. Girard, lot on N
J line of Sixth street, 100 W of Harrison. W 25
by N 100, block 63, Oakland; $1900.
Cecilia Lewkowltz (wife of A.) to Maggie
Cohen (wife of Aaron, 1-3), Annie Markham
(wife of F. T. >, Minnie White iwife of J. F.).
Fanny Clay (wife of H. T.). and Bella Isadore,
: 1-6 each, lot on S line of Seventh street or Hail-
I road avenue. 75:3 W of Adeline street, W 2>,
I S 109:6V4, i: 25, N 109:9. to beginning, being lot
24. block 4SS, Briggs Tract, map 2, subject to
life estate to first party, Oakland; gift.
Mary A. Belden (wife of E. S.) to Blanche
E. Belden, lot on B line of Forty-third street,
'. distant SE 672.86 from E line of Grove street.
thence SE 33:10 by SW 91.25, beginning at the
j SW corner ot lot 29, block 2101, McCourtney
• Tract, thence along X line of Forty-fourth
I street, SW 14.70 N 100, E 14.70. S 100, to begin
! ning. Oakland; $10.
Mary a. Belden to Marguerite A. Belden. lot
;on S line of Forty-third street, 705.76 E of
1 Grove, thence SE 33.10 by SW 91.25, Oakland;
$10.
I Catherine and John Cushln (by commission
! er) to Mary Carroll, lot on W line of Filbert
street, 150 S of Thirty-second street, S 25 by
w 125, being lot 7, block 670, Glascock/Tract,
Oakland; $343.
William G. Henshaw (and as attorney) and
Hetty T. Henshaw (by attorney), William J.
Dingee (and as attorney) and Virginia R. Din
gee (by attorney) to the Realty Syndicate (a
corporation), lots 8. 21, 22. 23, 26, 3«. 37, 41, 42.
. 43. 25, 48 to SS, 63. 64, 67 to 51 and lot 20, on Re
vised Map Piedmont Cable Tract, Oakland
Township; $1".
Edward P. and Nellie F. Puffy to Henry and
Annie Wassell. lot 16. block 4, Allendale Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $100.
Frank J. and May L. Marshall to F. G.
Flben and A. J. Nor, lot on W line of Norton
street, [50 S of A (or Thirty-second), B 75 by
W 133, block X. Peralta Homestead, Oakland;
: $400.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Eben
McMillan, lot 20. block E. Linda Vista Ter
; race Map 2, Oakland; $10.
c. H. and Julia E. Walker to F. B. oakum,
lot on SW corner of Grove and Nineteenth
streets, S 27:6 by W 100, block 286, quitclaim
deed, Oakland; $1 etc.
Charles R. and Emma Johnson and Jacob
Rothschild (by commissioner) to Jennie B.
1 Fast, lot A. block 29, Alameda Park Home-
Menrl. Alameda: !SOO
Han? C. P. Poulsen to Johanna Poulsen. lot
I on E line of Hannah street, 100 B of R. S 25
I by F. 133, being subdivision D, in lot 5, block
, 793. Watts Tract Map 2, Oakland; gift.
Rebecca A. Pratt to Mary Wonderlich, all
Interest in lot on X line .if Spring street, 352
E of Adeline. E 50 by N 106, being lots f'6 and
97, Klmball Tract*. Oakland; $50.
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to Charles M.
Macgregor, re-record 676 d 93. lot on SW corner
of Princo and Harper streets, w 122:4 by S
135:5, being lots 1. 2 and 3, block 6, Central
Park Tract, Berkeley: $10.
G. A. Richardson to A. T. Pierey. lot on S
line of Derby street, 260.19 W of Grove, W 40
by 6 135. being lot 9, block 1. Grove-street Line
I Tract. Berkeley; $10.
: Mary B. Flngree to Alameda Savings Bank,
1 lot on W line of Versailles avenue, 2S S from
' S line lands heretofore conveyed by David Deal
! to Joseph E. Allen. October 26. 1854, thence s
i 28 by W 141, Alameda; $1 etc.
j Alice M. and I. C. Conner to Jose G. Moitozo,
i lot on N line of Davis street, 300 "W of Al
i varado. NW 232:8 to SW line of the right of
! way of the Central Pacific Railroad, thence
BE 240:10 to N line of Davis street, SW 61:8
to beginning, being in the city of San Leandro,
i Eden Township: $550.
Builders' Contracts.
H. E. Bothtn (owner) with J. W. Miller (con
tractor), architects Percy & Hamilton— All
j work for a three-story brick structure on SW
! line of First street, 50 SE of Howard, SE (0
j by SW 80; $5626.
j John N. Plgnaz (owner) with George C. Nail
: (contractor), architect C. M. Rousseau— All
work, except painting, for alterations and addi
; tions to a two-story frame building on W line
! of Shot well street, 240 S of Twentieth, S 25
jby W 122:6: ?14ffl. _ _
HOTEL AKRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F C Alberts'on. Uklah Mrs J S Cobb. S Jose
T G O'Neill & w, Cal Miss L Cobb. s Jose
H T Corel. Sacto II R Brown & w. Mich
A Eckman, Oroville C 5 Waddington, N T
L M Clayton. Omaha H H Haslan, Gold Gl
B F Shepherd. Cal ■ 'Mrs W W Worthing &
A Melster, Sacto I d, Stockton
F J Ruhstal]. Sacto J W Heard, Napa
W D Rogers, MD, Cal II Morris, Nara
I Cohn. Sacto A C Williams. Napa
F. F Fraser, Sacto P H Stanton. L An*
B W Lewis, Stockton H T Cowal, Sacto
A Morris, Woodland Mrs N Brunei, Lockfrd
J C Campbell, Woolnd I S Brunei, Locktord
Mrs L Plercy, Spokane ,t C Tire. Cat
Mrs T Hamilton. Wash IF G Baker. San Jose
W A Kemple, Or C G Raub. Meridian
J B Mullay. Portland M Biggs Jr. Oroville
T Robinson. Of iH H Seaton & w, cal
B P Poland, San Jose C F Aaron. Marysville
I" F Dunphy, S Jose E B Copeland, Chico
B F Shepard Jr. Fresn J B Danner, Colusa
C G Layboura, Minn L Green. Petaluma
C S McLane, lowa v w Carpenter, MD,
H M Crocker. lowa | Knights Landing
Mrs A E C Backesto, W R Gratz. N V
San Jose \V Pike, Fresno
W B Kline. San Diego c N Jenkins. Utah
Mrs C M Robeson, Mo W B Wise. Raleigh
C H Perkins & w. Mo W R Firman, Anttoch
J A T'.laok. Chicago |J R Hibbron. Salinas
J w Mclntyre, Sacto T E Jones, Weaverville
Jennie Richardson, St A Grunauer it w, ( '.ii
Helena ''• I. Cross, Stockton
PALACE HOTEL.
J M Barney, Cal Miss a Brownpll. R I
PC Richards, N V Mrs R Hamilton R I
E A Wallace. Ohio C Boldt. Indiana
Pr Ameye, Belgium Mrs Boldt, Indiana
W n Lefflngwell, Colo L Henderson. Carson
I A D Levy, N V Mrs Henderson Carson
: Mr Loughnan & w, NY H W Aldis, N V
D M Wood. V S N C H Evans, N V
T I 1 Kelly. N v Mrs Evans, N V
Mrs Kelly, NY J McNeil, S Cruz
F Hurtevant, NY D McNeil, S Cruz
W Florshelm, Chicago iW Bratten Phila
a X Bent, N V Mrs Bratten, Phtla
A Fell. NY W J Austin, Omaha
Miss Fell, N V Mrs Austin, Omaha
J A Hinsay, Chicago T W Brown, Phtla
J W Mitchell, L Ang Miss Brown. Phila
J A Fairchild. L An? Gen T H Hubbard. NT
C Wacker, Chicago |E I: Searles, X V
Mrs Wacker, Chicago 'D X Bruce, N V
CC Boylan, Cleveland E E Budd, N V
F M Mooers. Cal II V Stlllwell, Phila
E D Mooers. Cal Mrs Stlllwell, Phila
\V R Grata, N V Miss Lesley, Phila
W S Negan, St Louis IS Jewett, Pasadena
J Bean. N V IW E Bailey, L Ang
Mrs J Bean, NY iG W Ely N V
j Anna Bean, N V I Mrs G W Ely. N V
Ella Bean, N V Miss Lowe, N V
Mrs A Bean. NY T F Williams. Cal
Mrs H Brownell. R I I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
H D Morrow. Oakdale J Williams, Denver
A W Shear, Sacto |M Anderson, Palo Alto
Capt Brown, Fowler ill Murphy, Chicago
G Johnson, Modesto F J Slavin, -Clnn
T W Peters. Salt Lake H H Craig. N V
H Aydelottt & w, Ind T C Carson. Buffalo
C F Carsjow. St Louis R J Lewis, Cal
J Hay. Bakersfleld 'J B Brant, San Ramon
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
April. 1S99.
.'
'a.
'
»
li!
»
Mo
8
1(1
IT
21
r_
4
11
18
j6
We I
9
12
j IV
2>
Th.
6
13
20
27
Fr.
14
ii
28
Sa. Mooa* Phases.
1 iri Last Quarter,
"it April 3.
8 z — **.
x***. New Mooa.
'- *•** Aprl 9 *
-^ _ irhi Quartet
-- * Ar-11 17.
?x 1*2, Full Moan .
- W April '25.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of exoense.
• Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete seta of charts and sall
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any, Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
Lieutenant. V. S. N.. in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and L.w
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. MARCH 4.
Sun rises 5:49
Pun sets 6:36
Moon rises 2:04 a. m.
a [Time Time Time! Time!
» I Ft. 1 Ft. I — 1 Ft. 1 Ft.
!» H W LW| IH Wl LWi
4 ... 5:46 5.3 1 12:44—0.1 7:511 5.1 1
L W| |H W L W H W
5 ... 1:05 2.51 7:00 5.3 1:39 0.0! 8.34 5.3
7 ... j 2:5.. 1.2 9:lftj 5.4 1:15 0.51 9:461 5.8
8 ...j 3:461 0.(1 10:08 5.4 3:551 0.9! 10:201 6.0
10 ...' 5:14 . .0.2; 11:50 5.2 rOS 1.7! 11:301 6.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or rlpht hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except wh»n there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are addlitons to the soundings on the
United States Coast Purvey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Tartar China and Japan Apl. 4
Progreso Seattle Apl. 4
Coos Bay INewport Apl. 4
Ruth I Coos Bay Apl. 4
Leelanaw Seattle Apl. 4
State of Ca1.... Portland Apl. 5
North Fork IHumboldt Apl. 5
Weeott Coos Bay Apl. 5
Washtenaw JTacoma Apl. 5
Chllkat IHumboldt Apl. 5
Peru China and Japan Apl. 6
Corona Pan Diego Apl. 8
Point Arena. ...l Point Arena Apl. 6
Czarina Seattle Apl. 6
Pomona Humboldt lApl. 7
Areata I Coos Bay |Apl. 7
Mariposa Sydney lApl. 7
Walla Walla... I Victoria & Puget Sound -Apl. 7
Orizaba Newport Apl. 8
Mackinaw [Tacoma '. Apl. 8
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay Apl. 8
Crescent City. ..[Crescent City... Apl. 9
Willamette ....Seattle jApl. 9
Bristol Departure Bay lApl. 9
Santa Rosa 'San Diego lApl. 10
Columbia Portland lApl. 10
Townsend [Coqullle River lApl. 10
City of Rio IChica and Japan 'Apl. 11
San Jose I Panama 'Apl. 11
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. [ Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Santa RosaiPan Diego Apl. 4. 11 am|Pier 11
Doric IChlna&.TapanlApl. 4. 1 pmIPMSS
Pomona ... Humboldt 'Apr. 4. 2 pm.jPler 9
Australia ...Honolulu lApl. 5. 2 Pier 7
Aloha Point Arena.. [Apl. 5. 3 Pier 2
Coos Bay... I Newport Apl. 6. 9am Plt 11
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd. I Apl. 6. 10 am Pier 9
Chllkat ....[Humboldt lApl. 6, 2 Pier 13
Weeott' [Yaquina Bay. I Apl. 7. 5 pml Pier 13
Curacao ... Mexico vlApI. 7. 10 am|Pier 11
State Cal... 'Portland lApl. 8. 10 am Pit 24
City SydneylPanama An. 8. 12' mIPMSS
Corona |fian Diego lApl. **, 11 am' Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. JPoint Arena. .!Apl. 8, 3 pmiPier 2
Areata ICooe Ray lApl. 9, 10 ami Pier 13
Orizaba .. . Newport lApl. 10. 9am Pier 11
Walla WallVic & Pet Rd.lApl. 11. 1" am Pier 9
Columbia . .'P-irtland lApl. 13. 10 am Pier 24
Steamer.
TIME BALL.
Branch HydroKraphlc Office. U. S. X.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
April 3, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building; was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. X.. in charee.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. April 3.
Stmr Navarro, Higglns, 16 hours from Cas
par.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen. 25 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 24 hours from
Blhlers Point.
Schr Vine. Small, 22 days from Honolulu.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 24 hours from
Bowens landing.
Schr Martha .W Tuft, Johnson. 22 days from
Altata.
Schr Czarina, Schmalz. from Sandy Point,
CLEARED.
'■.; ."•'-■"■'• Monday, April 3.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Jennie. Esser. Cooks Inlet; Alaska
Packers' Association.
Br stmr Ettriedale, Stewart, Hongkong, via
Kobe; P M S S Co.
Pr «fmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo; R
Dunsmuir Sons Co.
SAILED.
Monday, April 3.
Stmr George Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Columbia, Green. Astoria.
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Hall. Coos Bay.
Stmr Luella. Miller. Tillamook.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson.
Br stmr Ettriedale, Stewart, Hongkong, vl»
Kobe.
S. hr Newark. Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Nettie Low. Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Esther Buhne. Anderson, Honoipu.
Schr Reliance, Nordling.
Schr North Bend. Palmgren, Columbia River.
SPOKEN.
Jan 5, 57 S, 6S W— Br ship Aspics, hence
October 28, for Liverpool. ■'*■•:-.'■'
March 8, SO S, 43 W Br ship Glenesslin, from
Antwerp, for Oregon.
Feb 27, 56 S. fit! W— Br bark Hawthornbank,
hence Dec 11. for Queenstown.
March 24. 49 N", 7 W— French bark Jeanne
d"Arc, hence Dec 30, for Queenstown.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 3, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west velocity 18 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
UMPQUA— Arrived March 31— Schr Lily, hno
March 21.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 3— Br
bark Kate F Troop, from Port Blakeley, for
Guayaquil.
Sailed April 3— Bktn Klikltat, from Port
Ludlow, for Honolulu.
In bay April 3— Br ship Olivebank. hence
March 16, for Tacoma. ;
POINT REYES— Passed April 3— Haw stmr
San Mateo, from Nanaimo, for Port Los An
geles.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 3— Stmr Willa
mette, hence March 30. .-.•--■ : •- ' ■;,-
USAL— Arrived April Ptm r Sunol. from
BOWELS LANDING -Arrived April 2— Schr
Bender Bros, hence March 31.
NEAH BAT Passed April 3— Stmr Macki
naw hence March 31, for Tacoma; stmr Uma
tilla hence April 1. from Victoria.
EUREKA— April 3— Stmr Chilkat,
hence April 1; schr Mary Buhne. hence March
28; schr Occidental, hence March 30.
Sailed April 3— Stmr Westport, and schr Sl»
--nal, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived April Schr Daisy
Rowe, hence March 29.
Sailed April 3— Stmr Ruth, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April 2— Stmr C<v
quille River, hence March 30. April 3— Stmr
Signal, hence March 31.
Sailed April 3— Schr C A Thayer. for Suva.
ASTORIA— SaiIed April 3— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco; Br stmr Monmouth
shire for Yokohama and Hongkong.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April 3— Stmr Noyo.
hence April 2. '; r .
FOREIGN PORTS. \
ANTWERP— Arrived March 28— Ger ship Ar
thur Fitger, from Oregon. -. .-
CAPE TOWN— Arrived March 14— Ft bark
General de Charette. from Oregon.
CARDlFF— Arrived March 30— Br ship Lady
Isabella, from Oregon.
SHIELDS— SaiIed March 30— Br ship- R - a
hane. for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH— April I— Br ship Forth
bank, for Liverpool.
LONDON— Sailed April Ger ship Theodor
for San Francisco. April 2— Br ship Langdale'
for Seattle. '
; NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed March 31— Br
bark Invercoe, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed April 1— Br ship
Lord Cairns, for Westport; Br ship Australia
for Liverpool. '
KAHULUl— Arrived March Schr King'
Cyrus, from Newcastle. NSW. March Schr
Honoipu. from Newcastle. NSW.
VANCOUVER— Arrived April 2— Br stmr Tar
tar, from Yokohama. '
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived March 29— Schr
Norma. from Grays Harbor.
NEW WESTMINSTER— Arrived April 2— Schr
.T M Weatherwax, hence March IS.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON - Sailed April 3 - Stmr
Koenigen. for New York.
NEW YORK Arrived April 3— Stmr Britan
nic, from Smyrna; stmr Auguste Victoria, from
Genoa.
LIVERPOOL-Arrived April 3-Stmr Cam
pania, from New York. «-«ai
fr.'r'.NV.w^ork 10 ~ Salled April 3 ~ Stmr St LouU,
Sailed April 3— Stmr Saale. for
■ GENOA-Arrived April 3 Stmr Aller. from
New York. *» .RECEIPTS MUST
BE USED IN THE
CUSTOM HOUSE
Iron Molder Gwynne
Makes a Reform.
HOW HIS DIAMOND WAS LOST
WORTH A HUNDRED, IT WAS AP
PRAISED AT FIFTEEN.
Refused to Accept the Smaller Sum
and the Secretary of the Treas
ury Sees Justice
Done.
John Gwynne, a humble molder at the
■Union Iron Works, has been made, un
wittingly, the instrument for effecting a j
much-needed reform in the San Francis
co Custom-house, namely, that of one
employe ■ tiring a receipt from another i
cv passing over any valuable article of j
personal property, such as jewelry and
precious stones. Up to a week or two j
ago these articles passed from one per
son to another in the Custom-house
without a receipt, and in case of loss or j
theft there was no sure way of tracing j
the culprit or lixing the responsibility.
Something more than a year ago John j
Gw.vnne received from his sister in Wales
a diamond ring through the registered
nail. lie had furnished the ring him
eelf, paying $12 for the gold in it, and j
Eent it to his sister, who had the dia
mond set in it as a gift to him.
Oji its arrival at the Tostoffice it was
handed over to a customs officials for ex
amination, the Postoifice authorities tak
ing a receipt for the same. Then it was
tent' to the Appraiser's department, j
where it was appraised by Examiner
George Keynolds at $15, for the purpose
of fixing the duty upon it. When Gwynne j
■ called tor the ring he was informed that
It had been lost in the Custom House. He
was offered $15, the appraised value of
. the piece of jewelry, but refused to ac
cept it, as ho claimed that the ring was I
worth £21, or »1"5.
Mr. Gwynne, llnding that he could get |
no higher offer, laid the matter before
the Svcrctar.% of the Treasury, and that ;
oihciiil requested Special Agents Smith
and Linck to Investigate. Mr. Gwynne
appeared before them and presented a
ct-rttneate from the English jeweler who
had set the diamond setting forth its
value at JIUI or $H's. Other evidence cor
roborated Mr. Gwynne's statement and i
the .jeweler's certificate, and the result '
was that the special agents made over
tures to Mr. Gwynne for a compromise.
Ih- agreeing to split the difference and
Bi'cept in full payment of his claim $60,
hulf the value of his ring, and let by
gones be bygones. The agents were sat
isfied with the offer and made a report
to the Secretary of the Treasury recom
mending that the San Francisco Custom- i
house be instructed to pay Mr. Gwynne
"*s<;:ln lieu of his ring and take his re
rejpt and a release from all responsibil- \
ity in the matter.
■ VYben the agents were investigating the ,
loss they ino.uired whether there was a :
reason for the absence tn the Custom
house of a system of receipts for portable i
.valuables; such as exists in the registered
mail department of the postoffice. They j
were informed that the receipt system
tvould not be practicable in the Custom
house, but no valid reason was urged for
tills belief. The agent smiled at the ox- ;
cuse and insisted that the system of giv
ing and taking receipts for portable prop
erty should be inaugurated at once. It is
now in full swing and is working like .
plockwork. Henceforth, when an article
:s lost in the Custom-house, the person in i
whose care it disappeared will be known
and the damage can be assessed to the
responsible party.
Itfr. Reynolds' explanation of his ap
praising at $15 a diamond ring containing
U'2 worth of. gold, a setting worth $S ana
a diamond of the first water worth $S3
was that he took the ring to a jeweler,
who informed him that it was worth no j
more than $15. On being asked for the :
name of tho jeweler he replied that he ,
rould not remember.
In their report the agents say that the i
Appraiser's employe honestly believed
the ring to bo worth no more than the j
Value placed by him upon it. he not being
an expert in such matters, and th:!t prob
ably he had not gone to a jeweler at all, j
but thought that he had. the transaction
having taken place considerably more
than a year ago.
DROPPED FROM THE ROLL.
Bix Patrolmen and a Corporal Re
tired by Pension Commissioners.
The Police Pension Commissioners held
their quarterly meeting yesterday morn-
Ing and seven of the men on the list pub
lished exclusively in The Call about three
months ago as slated for retirement had
their names dropped from the roll.
They were Patrolmen Maurice Duane,
\ William McCottrey and Charles A. Hen
nessey for not being: able to do patrol
duty, through continuous sickness, and
William Gaynor, Harrison Mo ran and
Johji Bprminprham and Corporal • • aney
who were retired. Gaynor, Bermingham
Bnd Heaney have served over twenty
years and are over GO years of ago, and
consequently are entitled to a pension;
and Moran. although not exactly serv
ing the full twenty years, will get his
pension, as hi* disability has been caused
by his long devotion to duty.
John Highet's Estate.
■ r I •rinkhouse ap
tters of administra
• ■ te of the late John
ed suddenly a few days ago
International Hotel. The deceased
I ibout $600. H. nry
lend ol t . d, op
application made by the Pub
■r on the ground that he
from Scotland
■ ;ised had left a
ite and that the
r should be appoint
estate. The case will be
■ ■ " ■ near future.
GRAPE-NUTS.
••••••••••••••••••••••
{ Children fatten •
like little •
{ round white •
PIGS
When fed on •
Cream and •
] Grape-Nuts. •
Taste Is Frequently a Valuable
Guide in Selecting Food.
A little child's taste is often a reliable
ruide to palatable and desirable food,
md it is worth one's while to observe
ItOW the little folks take to Grape-Nuts,
h<i famous new food.
They eat it freely without addition
if BUp:ar for it has thi- peculiar, mild
>ut satisfying sweet of grape sugar
md tlif* natural taste cither of child or
idu-lt recognises at once a food that
Jtill agree with and richly nourish the
iyatem. Found at first-class grocers.
Made by Postum Cereal Co., Lim.,
Buttle Creek, Mich.
LOCAL PEDDLERS
OF VICE PLACED
UNDER ARREST
Raid on Phonograph
Parlors.
KANE AND POLICE IN CONCORD
MAYOR PHELAN DENOUNCES A
VILE TRAFFIC.
Authorities Determined to Drive Im
moral Shops Away From tho
Main Thoroughfares
of the City.
The efforts of The Call to secure the
suppression of degrading and indecent
public exhibitions in the phonograph par
lors on the main thoroughfares of the city
are bearing fruit. The police and the of
of the local society for the preven
tion of vice made independent raids yes
terday and the proprietors of three of the
disgusting establishments were placed un
dor arrest. Municipal laws cover the of
fense completely, denning clearly and ex
plicitly what the penalty shall be. The
have in their possession the evl
ili.nce that is necessary to convict. The
offenders have been formally charged
and the affair is now within the jurisdic
tion of the Police Judges.
Vnder these conditions it would seem
that the outcome would be easy to predict.
Experience has taught differently, how
ever, as panderers of filth and corrupters
of children sometimes enjoy political
pulls. Frank Kane, the secretary of the
y for the Prevention of Vice, says
that Police Judges are sometimes very
erratic. An incident that happened yes
terday justified his assertion and explains
his meaning. Justice of the Peace Barry,
whom an accident has raised to the Mig
nity of an acting Police Judge, released
f the offenders on his own recognlz
while Police Judge Graham held an
r for the same offense on a bond of
This fact needs no criticism. In the
same connection it is perhaps slgnflcant
that Police Captain \\ ittm;m did abso
lutely nothing to enforce the law against
;>ublic display of immorality in the
district over which he has supervision,
while Police Captain Spillane acted vlgor
and with success in the raid that is
led to protect decent people and in
nocent children from the contamination of
vice openly flaunted.
Secretary Frank Kane was the first to
yesterday. He secured warrants for
..rsest of M. Kollman of S4S Kearny
street and M. S. Levy at 415 Kearny
street. Tho warrants wore procured on
barge that these men were violating
Order No. - y -~< of the General Orders of
the Board of Supervisors. This order
prohibits the exhibition of Indecent plc
and as Secretary Kane has what
he deems Is sufficient evidence against the
arrested men. ho hopes to secure a con
viction. He has. in his personal investi
gation, seen enough to become an im
portant witness as well as an accuser.
Kollman was taken after his arrest be
fore Acting Police Judge Barry and was
released on his own recognizance. Levy
was liberated upon supplying a bond for
Levy's establishment is one of the
vilest of those that are maintained on the
public thoroughfares. It is located in the
district over which Captain Wlttman ex
es an alleged vigilance. Wittman
has permitted the place to exist for
months in flagrant violation of the law,
and even after his attention had been
i idled to it he saw no reason to take ac
tion.
Acting under orders from Policy Captain
Spillane, Officers Tyrrell and Esola also
made a raid, armed with warrants for
Peter Bacigalupi. the panderer and chief,
and M. Kollman and John Carroll, whose
vice-breeding shop is at 724 Market street.
These three places are the only ones
within the police district governed by Po
ll. • Captain Spillane. But Kollman and
Carroll were arrested, but Bacigalupi
ROl be found. He was reported to
have left the <i sy . but will be arrested as
as he returns.
Tho police are acting In their arrests
upon the authority given in Order LSS7,
in 20, of the General Orders of the
Supervisors. This order is simi
lar In intent to No. 2525. although Secre
tary Kano believes that convictions may
be more easily obtained under No. 2525
than under No. 1557. The examination of
th. arrested men will be held this morn
ing.
It is a matter of Incidental Interest per
haps that Bacigalupi has recently gone
further in his effrontery than ever be
fore. He sought and almost obtained
the right to make his establishment even
more offensive to the public than It is by
displaying a great illuminated sign.
Mayor Phelan and the Supervisors, at the
meeting of the board yesterday, can
; a permit granted to Bacigalupi, at
the last meeting, to erect an advertising
sign in front of his "phonograph par
lors." The matter came up on final pas
sage. The clerk had been reading various
resolutions In a mechanical way, but this
one attracted the attention of his Honor
the Mayor. "Read that again, please,"
he said. When the resolution had been
read he said: "I desire to call the atten
tion of the board to this resolution. It
grants one Bacigalupi, proprietor of a
phonograph and moving-picture show, the
right to erect an attractive sign such as
the theaters have.
"He wants to advertise a lewd picture
show. What Is the pleasure of the board
in this matter?"
Many members objected to tho granting
of the privilege. A motion made by Su-
I ervisor Deasy that the consideration of
the matter be indefinitely postponed was
carried unanimously. The proposed ad
vertisement will not be displayed.
It is not by any means tho intention of
the authorities to stop in the work they
have so well begun. While the arrest
and conviction of the shopkeepers will
do much to cripple the disgusting traf
fic, against which complaint has been
made, something more thorough must be
done before the trade in vice is destroyed.
There is not the slightest doubt that the
vicious machines, the "artoscopes,"
"mutosoopes" and "vitascopes," may be
condemned and confiscated. It is the pur-
POM of the authorities to seize those ma
chines and make their owners fight for
them. In all of the establishments lewd
and ribald songs are ready for the phono
graph and are subject to confiscation.
When tho authorities commence this cru
sade it will be the beginning of the end
of the depraving business.
After the attack hats been completed
upon the source of the evil, raids will be
made upon the saloons and resorts among
which tho vile machines are scattered.
Every week the subjects are changed In
machines and with each succeeding
v,( i k the moving pictures become more
daringly suggestive. The police Intend
to drive these machines out of the sight
of decent men. Above all other things
is it the purpose of the authorities to
dear Market street of its vulgar evils
thai nightly outrage the senses of citi
zens and shock pedestrians with displays
of vice and Immorality.
A Business-Like Burglar.
John Haley, an ex-convict, was ar
rostftl yesterday and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of burglary. On
January 9 he drove up to a grocery at
Sixth and Bryant streets and got the
key to a vacant house at 421 Sixth street,
as he said he was a plumber and had
sent to repair the copper boiler.
He HtDle the boiler and since then the
police had been searching for him. He
made it a practice to drive around with
a horse and wagon and steal anything
he could from vacant houses. Some years
ago he was sent to the State prison
for robbing a man at Tenth and Bryant
streets.
Sent to Agnews.
Lillian Post, the actress, was yester
day committed to the Insane asylum at
Agnews by the Insanity Commissioners.
Bhe was taken from the Receiving Hos
pital yesterday afternoon. She had be
come violently Insane.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 4, 1899.
NO MERCHANTS'
COMPROMISE FOR
SCHOOL TEACHERS
They Have a Plan of
Their Own.
BALANCE GOES TO CREDITORS
CURRENT FTTNDS MTJST NOT BE
INTERFERED WITH.
If Tradesmen Do Not Wish to Accept
the Teachers' Terms the Fight
Will Be Inaugu
rated.
The teachers have thrown down the
gauntlet and are out making terms them
selves. They have refused the compromise
submitted by the merchants and have
submitted a plan of their own which, It
has been reported, is acceptable to the
other side; should it not prove so, how
ever, they will fight in court or out of it,
on the balance for the past six months or
on the money for the months to come.
The meeting called for yesterday after
noon attracted several hundred teachers,
the session be-inff in the auditorium of the
Girls' High School. It was for the pur
pose of taking definite action on the ques
tion of compromise, and the action taken
was definite enough for anybody.
A substitute for the plan offered by the
merchants was submitted and was adopt
ed in the form of three resolutions. They
were as follows:
Resolved, That the committee on litigation
be and Is hereby directed to dismiss the
litigation so far as the payment of the so
oalled merchants' claims are concerned, pro
vided :
I—That1 — That there be no assignment of teachers'
claims.
2— That the holders of the merchants' claims
a^ree not to collect the same out of the moneys
provided for the last six months of the fiscal
year.
3— That If the terms of compromise In ac
cordance with the provisions of this resolu
tion cannot be made, that the committee be
and is hereby directed to prufecute the pend
ing litigation and to take such further legal
steps as may be necessary.
These resolutions were not all adopted
ax the same time. The first two were
brought up by themselves and were
passed and then the last was considered.
It was suggested that instead of settling
the matter right then and there it would
be better to have the committee report
back to the teachers and then allow them
to decide on further proceedings, but it
was finally decided to place the committee
In a position to give the merchants a
definite Idea as to the stand of the teach
ers In the matter.
The meeting opened with an explanation
by F. H. Clark of the Lowell High School
as to matters which had been investigat
ed and Information which had been ob
tained since the previous mooting. It was
shown by him and by subsequent speak
ers that the letters received from the
Auditor. Treasurer and President of the
Board of Kducatlon were written under a
misapprehension. and communications
from the three officials were read to show
the view they had come to take of the
situation. Auditor Wells wrote to say
that he would support the board In its
endeavor to secure to the two coming
months their full share of the half of the
year's appropriation.
The board contended that it was en
titled to one-half of the year's appropria
tion to run the school department from
January to July. I. J. Truman, Treas
urer, wrote to say that when he had ad
vised that the teachers accept the offer of
the merchants he believed It referred to
the $35,000 balance from the last half of
the fiscal year. Instead of the funds for
the current half as well. He declared
that under such circumstances the teach
ers should never compromise. President
Bergerot wrote that he, too, had misun
derstood the terms of the compromise,
and so he would withdraw his recom
mendation that they accept, in view of
the increased importance which tho mnt
ter had takt-n In his eyes, and ho would
not take the responsibility of advising
thorn.
A resolution was adopted requiring tho
litigation committee to mak? a report
upon its finances and also if there Is any
thing due. The resolution at the same
time pledged the teachers to pay prompt
ly all that may be owing.
"On motion It was decided to fill tho va
cancy on the litigation committee made
by the resignation of Professor Lyser,
and Mr. Clark was proposed. l T ndor the
formation of the committee, however, the
only one eligible was a grammar school
teacher, and Mr. Clark was of the High
School. Mrs. L. K. Burke, principal of
the Columbia School, was therefore added
to the committee.
looses Her Position.
Judge Hunt denied a motion for a new
trial in the ease of Elizabeth P. Bradley
against the Hoard of Education yester
day. Miss Bradley sought to be rein
stated in the School Department as a
special teacher of drawing, but the court
refused to reinstate her. holding that the
School Board had authority to abolish
all special classes.
PICNICKERS IN COURT.
Aftermath of the Opening Day of the
Season at Schuetzen.
Several participants in the opening pic
nic of the season at Schuetzen Park Sun
day made their appearance in the Police
Courts yesterday, but the Judges were
lenient with them and they were dis
charged.
Richard Eagan and James Murphy, two
husky youths, quarreled about the tem
porary companionship of a young girl at
the picnic, but they ciifi not come to blows
till they reached Third and Mission streets
on their way home. Murphy was getting
the worst of the fight when Policeman
Menlhan happened along and placed both
under arrest for disturbing the peace. In
Judge Conlan's court yesterday morning
they refused to divulge the name of the
young girl, and as they shook hands and
agreed to be friends the Judge dismissed
the case.
A. S. Field, a painter from Stockton,
was also at the picnic with Emma Hold
and Nellie Doherty. It was proved by the
two women that Field had thrown a $10
gold piece on the counter at the park for
drinks and the bartender nearly fainted at
the flight of so much coin. The Judge
thought it was lucky for Field that he got
back to the city In safety after recklessly
displaying so much wealth.
The charge against Field was for steal
ing $24 from Emma Meyer, 335 Bush
street. He had called upon Miss M?yer
Sunday morning and she rushed the
"growler." After Field departed she al
leges that she missed the $24 and sus
pected him of taking It. When she learned
that Field had displayed a $10 gold piece
at the picnic her suspicions were con
firmed and she had him arrested. Field
declared that the $10 piece was his own
property, and the Judge gave him the
benefit of the doubt and dismissed the
case.
Struck by a Car.
James Burns, the driver of a dirt cart,
was seriously injured last evening. Burns
was driving along Folsom street and
when near Sixth his cart was run into
by an electric car. Burns was thrown
from his spat, sustaining a laceration of
the forehend and a deep cut over the left
eye. One of his ribs was also fractured.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where his Injuries were dressed by Po
lice Surgeon Well.
Will Marry To-Day.
Frederick A. Driscoll and Katheryn M.
Pouleon will be married to-day. Driscoll
is a prominent young druggist of this city,
but for some reason has endeavored to
keep his coming marriage secret. The li
cense was obtained on the Ist Inst. and to
day will see the ceremony performed.
Combs, tooth, hair and clothes brushes,
mirrors and fine perfumes, at Sanborn &
Vail's, 741 Market street. •
VARIETY AND
OPERA AGAIN
RULE THE WEEK
Success Awaits the
Tivoli's Spectacle.
CUT RATES AT THE GRAND
BOSTONIANS HAPPILY REVIVE
"THE SERENADE."
Wilder, Kara and Josephine Gassman
Score Big Hits in a Splendid
Programme at the
Orpheum.
The Tivoli's after-Easter extrava
ganza, "Beautiful Goldenlocks," which I
is written and borrowed by George
B. Lask, with music from every- |
where and everybody, was given out j
last night to a fair-sized audience, j
The first night of a new piece at the
Tivoli is generally subject to halts and
hitches and this one was no exception.
The Tivoli's "Beautiful Goldenlocks" {
will have to be trimmed and brushed
down. This can be accomplished in a
night or two; and then, by all the signs
of previous Eddy-street successes, the
production ought to be good for quite
a run. For it is stuffed with just the
sort of tunes, pictures and nonsense
that the patrons like.
Scenically it is perhaps the neatest
achievement in the history of the house.
The rose-bower scene in the second act
is as gorgeous as the interior of a ten
dollar Easter egg, and the scene of the
Prince's palace is as incandescent as
old David Henderson at his best. In
the rose scene fifteen girls dance a cozy
little ballet, full of pretty figures, and j
a soloist foots it daintily over a skip- j
ping rope. In the same scene Ed i
Stevens sings another song of many I
nations, while the girls contribute a j
complete lightning change of costume
to each chorus in full view of the au
dience — an odd and picturesque idea
cleverly worked out. By the time the ;
fourth chorus was reached last night
the Tivuladies were down to close j
tunics and knee-breechea. The crowd I
encored wildly, but the raiment re- !
mained stationary.
In the palace scene in the last act
Mr. Stevens gives an exhibition in leg
erdemain. He started out by asking
any person in the audience to please
give him n small oblong table thirty- I
two inches in height, and a bunch of :
canary birds. And would any clergy- j
man present kindly oblige him with a j
pack of cards. And everybody thought
that the Stevens necromancy was go
ing to be merely another of the Stevens
jokes. But it turned out quite another j
thing. The comedian displayed a re- j
markable fluency in the sleight-of-hand
tricks (and the; are always the best) ; !
and a fair manipulation of the ma- ,
gician's apparatus. These apparatus ;
tricks will doubtless improve with a ,
few performances, and the sleieht-of
hand will be even better for a more ! '
constant flow of side talk. Silence is ! i
the modern magician's worst enemy.
All in all, the show is jolly, fresh and
entertaining in the right irresponsible
way. What little plot there is is based
on the tales of "Beauty and the Beast." j
and "Cinderella," with generous inter- |
ruptions by dances, songs and special- I (
ties. Miss Lachter walks and warbles \
through the title part; Miss Holmes i
and Miss Hill are courageously the |
ugly sisters; Miss Helen Merrill is the j
shapely good fairy in tropic clothes,
and Miss Meyers is th. Bowery boy. as
bad as only a woman can make him. i
Mr. Stevens is programmed as Mr. All
sortsofvice, a modern Mephisto, and \
the part is elastic enough to give him >
plenty of good comic play. Branson is ;
something bettor than his usual self
as the father of the girls, and Messrs.
Pruette and Schuster are as ever. Mr.
Qerorne, the tenor, Is the Prince trans
formed into a bear. With the furs on
he does not sing much. I enjoy him
served that way.
ASHTON STEVENS.
Columbia.
"The Serenade" is a much better comic !
opera than "Rob Roy." Tt pretends to j
loss and accomplishes more, and in It I
there are at least a half-dozen melodies
that have become the common whistling
property of tho country. The Bostonlann ;
started "The Serenade" for a week in the i
Columbia last night, and the audience I
was large and at times enthusiastic. Miss '
Bertram is hardly as dashing a singer as
Alice Nielsen, but she has a bettor and
more Bostonianly adapted stage manner, |
and she won considerable success In tho
leading part. Broderick does his best, and
It Is not a bad best, but still f'owles i.s
misled In the big bass songs. The tenor
Is bad. but with Jessie Bartlett Davis and
the other standby? the rest, of the cast is
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedj\
Stbui- of Figs, manufactured by the
Califoknia Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting-
them in the form most refreshing- to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FKANCISCO, CAL.
LOUISVILLE, KY. NEW YOEK, HT. Y.
For sale by all Druggists.— Price 50c. per bottle,
about the same and the signs are that the
piece will run to a big week. , Robin
Hood" will be given next week.
Grand Opera-House.
Mr. Morosco has partially accepted the
suggestion offered in Sunday's Call by
setting a number of orchestra seats aside
at 50 cents and 75 cents and reducing the
entire orchestra to 50 cents. It is to be
hoped that this will attract the patronage
the Southwell company deserves. The ex- i
cellent production of "The Black Hussar'
is on for all of this week, giving way to
"The Queen's Lace Handkerchief." At
to-night's performance Miss Eleanor
Guistl will sing Nina, and Daisie Thome
Rosetta. Mira Delamotta, the other tenor, ,
will sing the title part.
Orpheum.
Josephine Gassman, a San Francisco
girl, aided and abetted by a brace of wee
pickaninnies as black as Miss Gassman '
makes up, divides the honors at the Or- :
pheum this week with Kara, who plays
toss-up with a table, a hatrack and an
able-bodied man simultaneously and does
other wonderful feats in the juggling line.
Two years ago Miss Gassman began her ,
professional career as a soubrette at a
local theater. Now she is doing the clev
erest "coon" turn yet seen here. Her ,
two miniature assistants are a clever at
traction in themselves.
Kara is billed as the "world's greatest
juggler," and there doesn't seem to be
anybody in these parts who cares to dis
pute his claim. The Hengler sisters are
bewitching dancers, but were they to for
get to vocalize nobody In the audience
would call their attention to the over
sight.
Marshall P. Wilder is artistically enter
taining to the last degree, while Polk (?)
and Kolllns, ban joists, the last of the ,
new faces, play everything from ragtime
to classics.
Of the holdovers, the Pantzer brothers
continue to delight and astonish the pat
rons with their finished act, while the
Matweef troupe are as popular as they
were last week. James H. Manning and
Willie Weston repeat their musical turn, ,
"The Irish Pawnbroker," while the Or
pheum orchestra continues to grind out
the old familiar marches and two-steps
between acts that everybody has ample
opportunity to become thoroughly famil
iar with.
. Alhambra.
Agnes Herndon commenced the third
week of her engagement at the Alhambra
last night in an English drama called
"Married, Not Mated." The play Is by
far the best the present management has
presented. It served to interest the audi
ence and was well acted. Miss Herndon
gave a clever performance of Lady Vida
Harrington, and a really artistic portrai
ture of Susan Scroope was given by
Laura Alberta, who scored an unmistaka
ble hit. "«_
Alcazar.
The presentation of Belaaco and De
Mine's "Charity Ball" filled the cozy au
ditorium of the Alcazar last night with
an audience that laughed and cried by
turns. It is a play that affords opportu
nity for every member of a large com
pany to do artistic work, and' the excel
lent company at the Alcazar embraced
and one another. Ernest Hastings as
John Van Buren, Adelaide Fitz Allen as
Ann Kruger, Margaret Marshall as Mrs.
Van Buren, Juliet Crosby as Phyllis Lee,
Laura Crews as Bess, Clarence Montaine
as Judge Knox and Daniel Halifax as
Alec caught the sympathies and drew
smiles and .tears from the appreciative
audience.
Lan Maclaren.
The sale of seats for lan Maclaren's
lectures is now open at the box office of
the California Theater. Under the dlreo
tion of S. H. Frledlander he will appear
three times— on Wednesday and Thurs
day evenings and Friday afternoon. The
subjects are: "The Annals of Drum
tocnty," "Certain Traits of Scottish Na
ture" and "The Place of the Minister in
Scotch Life."
The Chutes.
Joe Storms Jr., orang-outang, Sally,
chimpanzee, and Congo, gorillaman, are
the latest additions to the vaudeville
rank— As a "triumvirate" they made
their appearance at the Chutes Free j
Theater last evening and stood the blaze
of the calcium fairly well. Joe donned
his whiskers, tipped his hat on the side:
and began to smoke his pipe when the
band played "'St. Patrick's Day." Then
he became embarrassed. "Sally in Our
Alley" was substituted and the ■ chim
panzee suffered from stage fright. Congo
made no complaint against "Who's Dat
Said Chicken?" and the accompanying
lecture on the Darwinian theory was
greatly enjoyed by a large audience.
Olympia.
The four Miltons made quite a hit at
the Olympia last night. They excel as
musical artists and rendered some very
pleasing numbers. Querita Vincent is still
the feature of the bill. Last night she
had a number of new songs and was re- !
called time and time again. She is the
best artist in the coon song and dance |
; line that the Olympia has ever had.
Kipling's Good Luck.
The first story that Kiplins; writes after his
lilnp.ss will hrtns: a fabulous price. It will be
Fought oh eagerly by progressive publishers as
Hostetter'F Stomach Bitters is by all who suf
fer from stomach Ills of any nature. No mat
tfr whether It be indigestion, eonstlratlon.
biliousness, nervousness, stubborn llvpr or
overworked kidneys, Hostetter's Stomach Bit
tors will cure It. It Is an unequaled spring
medicine, eurlns and preventing malaria, fever
and ague, and all Ills resulting from a run
down system.
•^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Ej* !"Ata In 1.554 for the treatment of I'rtvatO
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEARXV *»T. Established
In 1.H54 for the treutment of Private
Plseusos, Loet Manhood. Debility or
KStGSstspifk disease wearing on body an mind and
feS^ss^4B v 3 Bkln Diseases. The doctor cures when
»VB?3igjS*a other* fall. Try him. Charges low
i33*S3Sv2SS3 ciiaranlcrd. Call orwrlte.
»r. J. is- *^IBItO?i, Bo* 1357. 5 ac Francisco-
h.~iz- RAILBOAi) TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa ffe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY 1 _
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
end Tuesday— Arriving In New
Yorkat l:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is in Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAH FRANCISCO TICHTTmCE— IB MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— J Street.
San Josa Offioe— 7 Wesi Santa Olara St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIM
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. ft. 1839. trains will run as follows!
• South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. | Sunday Station*. Sunday ger.
Dally. (Exc'ptd Exc'pid Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:15 pr)» 6:00 pm
9:10 ami 2:06 pm Merced . 12:40 pm 4:18 pro
10:40 am 6:35 pin Fresno 9:80 am 2:42 pra
U:88 am 7:46 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
Xl:5» am! 6:15 pm Vlgalla 6:40 am| 1:22 pm
11:16 pm 6:65 pm Tular* 6:50 ami 1:06 pm
' Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
. For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
street. . Ban Francisco.
IF YOU WANT TO SEE
SOMETHING NEW AND STRANGE
Try the
MEXICAN TOUR.
You Can
Shoot Alligators and Eat Oranges.
Expenses are paid In 80-cent Mexican dollars.
Buy your ticket over the
MEXICAN CENTRAL RAILWAY.
For rates and further Information address
C. E. MINER,
G. W. P. Agent, R. 209, Houser bldg., St.
Louis, Mo.
W. D. MURDOCK.
,A. G. P. A.. City of Mexico.
wWfm%\ikmmmmm*mutt^\*mm^n»wt\ ifwuiilTli ■ lii huhih T * *■/ :
YEARS OF TORTURE.
Relief at Hand Had He Only Known Where
to Look For It.
Let us, my good friends, always suit
our tools to the work to be done. We
do not trim our nails with broadswords
or carve statues with adzes. Now a
word is a tool just as a hoe is, or a ra
zor. The figure of Liberty on a quarter
of a dollar is impressed there by a ma
chine made for the purpose. By the
same token words were invented to im
print thoughts and ideas on the minds
of others. And every word or expres
sion has a currency meaning of its own
so long as we refrain from using it
in a slack or careless way.
Just as the Lord Mayor's coach, or
one's own best clothes are not intended
for every little trumpery occasion, so
great words should be reserved till the
time comes when nothing else will do.
When a man singes his whiskers by the
slovenly handling of a lighted match
we do not rouse up the fire department.
Now the word "excruciating" is one
of the strongest words in the English
language. It tingles with sharp signifi
cance as a black cat's back snaps with
electricity on a frosty night. Only shal
low people will take liberties with this
word. In our ordinary talk it does not
come properly into play once a year;
and rightly so. For it alludes to a kind
of mental or physical suffering that we
desire to avoid thinking or speaking
of. If the root meaning of the word
"excruciating" escapes you for a mo
ment look it up in the dictionary. It is
a word with a pedigree, and its ances
tors have supped with horrors since
men began to make history.
The question then that you and I
have to settle is, whether Mr. Geo. B.
Simpson employed this dignified and
exclusive word justifiably when he said,
"I was troubled twelve years with
much pain in the small of my back. So
continuous was it that I ceased to take
pleasure in work. Indeed I ceased to
take pleasure altogether. With me life
got to be a thing to endure, not to en
joy. I am speaking within bounds
when I say that at times these pains
were excruciating.
"With the pains in my back I suf
fered from terrible periodic headaches
and profound mental depression. I was
a prey to anxiety and apprehension, the
cause of which I was unable to lo
ratp or understand. Yet to look at me
you would hardly have fancied my true
condition. Sometimes when appearing
at my best and receiving the congratu
lations of my friends on what they were
pleased to call my obvious improve
ment, I still felt wretched and miser
able. But nobody sympathized with
me. I suppose it was because I was not
emaciated or run down as persons with
dangerous diseases are commonly sup
posed to be.
"While on this point, I may perhaps
be permitted to say that affections of
the kidneys, even Bright's disease
itself, often co-exist with a generally
healthy external appearance on the
part of the patient. The poor fellow
may be within a few weeks of his death
and yet to the uninstructed eye look
well enough to pass for a sound man.
"The secretion from my kidneys was
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE]
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL,.
\VBEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. ra.; 12:35,
i 3:30 6:10, 6:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra trip
I at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
I and 11:30 p. m.
| BUNDATS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 3:30,
i 5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-6:10, 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a, m.; 12:45.
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:66 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3r40,
! 6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and ■ Schuetzen Park
| same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. I In Effect San Francisco.
■ ! October 16, ■ ■
Week ! Sun- , ISSB. Sun- i Week
Days. ' Days. Destination, .days. I days.
It| t i
7:30 am 8:00 am' Novato, 10:40 am! 8:40 am
I 3:30 pm! 9:30 am Petaluma 6:10 pm 10:25 am
I 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:35 pm 0:.2 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdzburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:82 pm
Hopland and
7:30 am t'kiah. 7:35 pm «:22 pro.
7:30 am 10:25 am
'\< I 8:00 am Gumeyville. 7:85 pm
3:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pmi 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. ',o:4o am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm( • 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rqsa for Mark West i
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey- |
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for i
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs. ;
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, • Carlsbad '•
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Dartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springe, Saratoga
Springß. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter j
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, :
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell's. j
Sanhedrin Heights. HuUville. Booneville, Orr's !
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, •
W«BtDOrt, Usal. V.'lllitts. Laytonville, Cum- ]
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points 1
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
General Manaeer. Gen. Pass Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— '7:2O. '9:30, 11:00 a, m. ; *1:45,
3:45, 5:15, •6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — •8:00, *10:00, '11:30 a. m. '1:15,
3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:25. *6:35, 7:45, *9:30 a. m. ;
•12:20, 2:20, •3:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturday:! at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:20. »8:00. •10:00. »11:55 a. m.:
•1:15. *3:10. 4:40. # 6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.;
12:35, 2:43. 3:SO. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS an Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05. 1:20, 3:20,
6:00. 6:20 p. m.-v
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. . ,
8:00 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
'ij.ii V (Via Sausalito Terry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
6ept. 11. 1898:
Week Days— a. m.. 1:46 p. m.
Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
THOS. COOK * SON, Aganta. 631 Market ,
'•tteM. B»a Franclfco.
high colored and offensive, with a con
siderable brick dust deposit. I can
not set forth in writing what I suffered',
and shall not try. The headaches alone
I thought a sufficient punishment for
such unconscious offenses in the matter
of eating and drinking as had brought
this complaint upon me."
[The editor begs to interrupt Mr.
Simpson to remind him, and others as
well, that in inflicting penalties Nature
never stops for a moment to consider
whether the offenses were consciously
committed or not. Juries and judges
are continually moved either by sym
pathy for the prisoner or prejudice
against him. Nature is cold as a tomb
stone, yet perfectly fair and impartial.
Whether you take a dose of poison ig-,
norantly or unintentionally, or with the
purpose to commit suicide, the result is
j precisely the same. Nature will not
push you over the cliff, neither will she
put out her hand to save you from
being dashed to pieces. Think of this
when you are tempted to meddle with
her arrangements.]
"The doctors," continues Mr. Simp
son, "gave me no relief, although I con
sulted many and followed their direc
tions faithfully. I do not blame them,
for they did their best; and I cannot
praise them as their best was no ad
vantage to me.
"It was my custom to buy my toilet
articles at the Walker-Rintels Drug
Co., 244 Boylston street, and one day I
told Mr. D. Wallace Rintels about my
condition and the failure of the doctors
to help me. He at once suggested the
use of Warner's Safe Cure. As to the
! virtue of this medicine, although I ha
• hfard of it, I was very skeptical. I
| considered the advertised statements
! of its merits exaggerated, yet I bought
a bottle on the bare chance of its doing
me good. After having taken a few
doses my headaches were certainly less
frequent and less intense. Greatly de
\ lighted at this hopeful outcome I kept
on taking the medicine regularly and
improved steadily; and before long the
symptoms I have named wholly disap
| peared.
"At the date of this writing I have
j been well long enough to make sure
that my cure is radical and permanent.
In spite of the pain and peril of those
twelve fearful years I have to-day as
good an appetite, as clear a head and
as sound a body as any man in Boston,
As an illustration of it I need only say
that the very Insurance company which
had previously rejected me on account
of an 'Incurable disease of the kidneys'
has since written a heavy policy on my
life. I weigh more than I used to do
and my flesh is healthy and solid. I am
rid of the puffiness which marks the
chronic sufferer from kidney trouble.
And for this transformation I hereby
acknowledge Indebtedness to Warner's
l Safe Cure and that only." George B.
Simpson, 23 Church street, Boston.
What is popularly called kidney
trouble is shown by modern investiga
tion to have several forms. It is al
ways a dangerous and deceptive condi
tion, sometimes slowly and sometimes
rapidly progressive, and liable to term
inate fatally even when the immediate
symptoms seem to be least alarming.
Thousands of casualties attributed to
other causes are really due to diseased
kidneys. The success for many years
of Warner's Safe Cure in relieving and
curing this subtle disease has won for
it the world-wide reputation it now en-
I joys. When kidney symptoms declare
| themselves, do not hesitate to use War
ner's Safe Cure. The risk is not in re
sorting to this remedy, but in neglect
' ing it.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
kouthkkn i*A(iri( coarrAjnr.
(PACIFIC Bin KM I
Tralnn irji»«- Mini air <lm- lo itrrlve nl
NAN I'ItAXCIXd).
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
I.EWE — Fkom March 29. 1839. — arrive
•6:00 a NilfS. San Jose aud Way Stations... *8:43 a
?:OOa. licuicla, Suisun and Sacramento.... 5:43 [•
7:OOa Marjivilie, Ororllleaud Redding Tia
Woodland s:4fip
7jooa Elmira, Vacavllle and Rumsey 8:45p
7:»<>a Martinez, San Itainno, Vallejo. Napa,
Calistoga and San Itoßa 6:lSp
S:OOa Atlantic Kxpress. Ogdeii and Hast.. 8:4!)p
H:!tOA San .lose, LlTermore, Stockton,
lone. .Sacramento, Placerrille,
Marys»ille, Chioo, l(e<lliliitl 4x1.1p
»i»Oa "Milton, Oakdale and tionora 4i1.1p
!»;OOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, .Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 12:15p
U:OOa Fresno, Uakenlleld. Santa iUrbara,
Los Angeles, Demirg, £1 Paso,
New Orle&us and East 0:1 5
IO:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
I2:OOm Nllcs, LlTermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vlsalia,
Portervillo 4il3p
*l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers *&iOOp
Martinez. .San lUmoii, Vallejo,
Napa, Oallstaga, Hanta Kosa 9iloa .
4iOOp Benicia, Vacaviilo, BacrHi»entn,
Woodland, Knights landing,
MarynTille, OroTllle 10:45 a
4iBor Niles, San Jose and Stockton 7:13p
3:oopSan Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakvrstield, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 9:43 a
HSiOOr Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, Ht.
Louis, Chicago and East 08:43 a
9:80r Stockton, Merced, Frerno 12:15p
S:"JOp Marlines, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and I -on Angelen 8:49 a
SiSOr .Santa I.- Konte. Atlantic Kipreis
for MoJuto and Kasl 6:45p
OiOOi- Knropeitii Mall. Og.li-n and K.ast.... 9:45 »
S:OOp Hay wards, Niles and Kan Jose 7:43 a
♦«:OOr Vallejo 18:l»p
t~:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions {0:43*
8:O0p Oregon Ki|>rms,Hacraiiieiitii l Marys-
Tille. Uf.MlnK. rortlan.l. l'nget
S,Miii.lan.l RMI 8:19 a
aI0:03p Sunset Limited. Fresno, l.os
Angeles, El Pmo, New Orleans
and Kant 61;48p
SAN I.KANHHO AND lI A A Kits LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
"| Metros**, Nriiilnur) Turk, f
«:O»a Kltrliliiiri;, l-.tnijnii -it. O:I5a
«U:OOa San lifninlro, Soul San <*U:4sa
lO.OOa Leant! ro, Kstmlillo. I«<lsa
• I 1:OOa Lorenzo, Cherry • l«:«»r
8«» Op „„,] |1»4»P
5:00p lln»irarrt« M:4sp
7sOo « > i Run. through to Nile.. ' '* 8
J t From Niles. I
COAST 111 VISION (SarroiT Mnuße).
(Foot of Market Street.)
BilsANewark.CeuterTille,SanJoBe,Felton.
Boulder Santa aud Way
Stations s:s<ri
■SilSp Newark CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "10:30 a
4:13p Newark. San Jose and Los Gatos... t:2O.i
li43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t~:gl>P
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN FRANCISCO — root of Market Street (Slip 8> —
•7:16 9:00 11:00 A.M. 41:03 *2:30 13:03
•4:00 J6:00 •6:00 p.m.
rromOHlUllD— root or Broad war.— ««:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
tl2:00 *1:CO t2:00 *3:00 tt:OO "gtOOrjl.
COAST DIVISION i ltroad (lango).
(Third and Townaeml Sta.)
7-.OOA Han Jose unit Way .St.iti..nn (New
Alinaden Wednesdays only) l:30p
9:00 a San Jose, TrM l'inon, Hnntn ('rnz,
Paciiic (IroTB. Paso Rublea, Han
Luis Olilb|m>, Ciuadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:10r
IO:4Oa flail .lose hii>l Way Stations "8:00 a
I1:SOa San Jose anil Way Stations Bi33a
'il:43r Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
<.'l!r«y, Holliater, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey ami Pacitic
(JroTe "1 0x811 a
•S:SOp San Jose and Way Stations •»:o<>a
•4:13p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 I
*3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:35 a
5:!I0p San Jose ami Principal Way. StatioUß 5: it dp
«::iOp San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 7:30p
t11:43i- San Jose ami Way Stations 7:HOp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays eicepced. I Sundays only, t Saturdays only |
YUoudajs. oSttturdajs. fcSuudayi.
Weekly Call Sl.oo ncr Year
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SHALL FABIOLA
RAVE A RACE
TRACK BENEFIT?
T. H. Williams Has
Made the Offer.
QUESTION UNDER DEBATE
DAN BURNS' POLITICS IS A BIG
FACTOR.
Acquisition of Funds Said to Be an
Urgent Necessity for the Treas
ury of the Great Insti
tution.
— — —^— _
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, I
90S Broadway, April 3.
Snail Fabiola have for its annual benefit |
a May day fete, an equine parade, a bene- |
fit at the race track, or nothing? This is
the question with which the directors of
the hospital find themselves face to face.
For four years past the greatest social
event of the year has been Fabiola day.
May day is less than a month off, and as
yet no notice has been given of what may
be expected.
Last year the racetrack management
gave Fabiola the entire proceeds of one
day at the track, and hung up a splendid
purse for a race known as the Fabiola
derby. On this occasion T. H. Williams
and his friends forbade any one from en
tering the track without paying their dol
lar. He was so interested in Fabiola that
he personally declined the offer of a pass
to enter his own property, and on the i
eventful day Mr. Williams and the officers
of the track passed through the gates,
accidentally, of course, just at the mo
ment when several of the lady directors
of Fabiola were entering. The ladies were
more than gratified to see Mr. Williams
and his friends contribute their dollars
and attached the tickets to their coat j
buttons with as much humility as the j
humblest tout about the place.
As a result of Fabiola day at the race
track a sum exceeding- $4000 was netted
for the hospital. There was, however, I
Borne opposition to the benefit. Many min
isters denounced the scheme from their
pulpits as being unworthy of such a no
lle institution. This charge was ably
defended by the ladies, who declared that
they were working for the most unself
ish of motives and were giving all their
time and energy toward building up thai
benevolent Institution, and were, there
fore, entitled to immunity from criticism.
One of the lady managers put forward
the argument that there is somewhere in j
the Scriptures a story telling how the!
Nazarene advocated even the breaking j
of the Sabbath to pull a sheep out of the I
pit. because it was a deed of charity. The :
deduction from this was very simple, and
In spite of the opposition the ladies went
ahead.
A few days ago Thomas H. Williams
In a lettrr very cordially reminded the
ladies that May day was again approach
ing and tendered them the use of the
track on the same conditions as last year. '
The letter was discussed at a meeting of
the lady managers, but as it was de- !
sired to olrtain the expression of the full i
board before taking decisive action the
matter was laid over until the next meet
ing, which occurs next Tuesday.
Many of the ladies are of the same opin- !
ion as they were last year and believed !
that In this case the end justifies the I
means, while others doubt the propriety
of accepting a benefit from the track
managers.
The recent bitter fight over Colonel
Burns In the Legislature and the bitter
ness with which Burns and his gambling
fraternity were denounced by the Minis
ters' Association of Oakland are not for
gotten, and the action the ministers
■would take should a benefit be accepted
from the racetrack management is hard
ly problematical. Last year, when the
opposition was engendered, very little was
known generally of the connection of Col
onel Burns with the Oakland track, and I
the ministers were more general than i
specific In their denunciation. This year
the associations of Burns and his outfit
are prominent in the minds of everybody
especially in this county, and one of the
ministers, who would not assume to speak
■with authority for his brethren, said to
day that there Is no doubt that their opin
ion of the racetrack benefits Is the same
as It was last year.
Fabiola. like all other institutions of
Its character, has suffered financially be
cause of the general closeness of money
during the past few years, and it needs
all the help it can command. It would
be a great hardship for it to be deprived
of four or five thousand dollars at this
time, according to the managers, who
deeply feel the responsibility of their
trust.
The question of the Fabiola benefit Is
the most prominent of the hour In Oak
land, for It Interests the management so
ciety at large, the church folks and the
racetrack management, all to a great de
gree. :
FROM POVERTY TO WEALTH.
W. S. liitteral Is Remembered by His
Kansas Relative.
OAKLAND, April 3.-W. S. Lttteral. a
painter who, with a wife and three chil
dren, has ber-n living from hand to mouth
In a little, poorly furnished shack in West
Oakland, will no longer find the need of
a substantial weapon with which to down
the wolf from the door. He has come
into a fortune estimated at $175 000 left
him by an aunt who died recently in
Kar.sac. Ho is made the sole heir to her
enormou? farm and other properties
Only a short time ago Litteral's former
Home was destroyed by fire, and for a
FOLLY OF THE
SIGNATURE LAW
An Oakland Newspaper Will Take
No Chances, but Obeys the Stat
utes on Police Items.
Oakland Office Ran Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 3.
r< jnX-RENATOR DAROTE. proprietor for a quarter of a century of the
i. H Oakland Tribune and one of the best-known newspaper men in the
t>. [_> State> intends t0 take no chances with the law requiring newspapers
■*—* and their employes to sign all articles tending to show up the faults of
Q one living or to blacken the memory of one dead.
I There is some doubt as to whether the law goes into effect to-day or to
£ morrow, but Senator Dargie is too good a citizen and has too conscientious
h a respect for the law not to obey it. In to-night's issue of his paper all
* articles that could possibly be construed as coming under the new law were
/ signed by their writers.
y This practical demonstration of the absurdity of the new law is all that
0, is needed to convince the public of its foolishness. One of the articles
q, duly signed refers to a Mr. Brandes, who on Saturday last, after one of
fc the most conscientious and best tried trials in Alameda County, was con
h vtcted of brutally murdering his only daughter, and he escaped the gal
*. lows only because there was a reasonable doubt ac to his intent to beat the
V- girl to death when he murderously assaulted her. Of this brute the Tribune
X says: "For once a murderer will secure his deserts upon whom will not be
hnished the sympathy of foolish women and weak-minded sentimentalists,
y for it is Impossible for any one to entertain the slightest feeling of pity
Z for a man who could flog his child to death."
Last night another child-beater was lodged in the County Jail, and in
*, presenting the news Senator Dargie's paper tells the truth regarding him.
t This article under the law requires a signature and consequently is duly
5 attested, although the girl's body is covered with black and blue marks
X which the prisoner admitted Inflicting upon her for taking a piece of
£ Easter cake.
% Without the signature any "grafter" could ask the courts to compel the
publisher of the Tribune to pay him $2000 for these articles.
season the family found shelter in a tent,
but the unpleasant dream of poverty 1j»
now past and the family will soon real
ize their comfort In a home of plenty.
Fractured His Skull.
OAKLAND, April 3.— John Broderiok.
residing at 813 Filbert street, was found
lying on the sidewalk on Linden street,
near Seventh street, this morning with
his skull fractured. He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where, after being
somewhat revived, he stated that he had
i been knocked down and kicked in the
j head by Frank Jackson, a colored man.
Jackson was soon rounded up by De
tectives Shorey and Hodgkins and is be-
I ing detained at the City Prison, awaiting
I developments In his victim's condition.
The physicians at the hospital this
afternoon trephined Broderick's skull and
his condition is serious.
Four Divorces Granted.
OAKLAND, April 3.— Superior Judge
I Ellsworth to-day granted four decrees of
i divorce. Mary A. Case was given a
i divorce from James K. Case on the
i grounds of extreme cruelty and willful
' j desertion. She was given the custody of
! the minor child and $25 monthly alimony.
i Maud Dawson sustained her charge of
1 willful desertion against William W.
■ Dawson and was also granted a divorce.
Mary E. Bornhorst was given a legal
separation from Herman Bornhorst on
the ground of extreme cruelty and was
allowed to resume her maiden name, that
of Mary E. Wetter. Mary E. Noble was
| granted a divorce from George A. Noble
i on the ground of cruelty.
Fell Off a High Trestle.
OAKLAND, April 3.— Charles Smith, re
siding at 520 Forty-second street, waft
treated at the Receiving Hospital to-day
for a contusion and sprain of his left
shoulder, sustained in a manner
i that might have cost him his
j life. On Friday last, while driving
i over a small trestle near North Berke
ley his horses balked and backed his ve
| hfcle over the edge of the platform. Just
; then the trace broke and the horses -were
released; but the wagon, with its occu
pant, fell to the bottom of the creek, a
distance of about forty fpet below. The
wagon was demolished and Smith miracu
lously escaped with the injuries noted.
WILLIAM WIEGMAN
SAYS HE WAS BUNKOED
NOW SEEKS TO REGAIN HIS LOST
PROPERTY.
Claims He Signed a Bill of Sale While
Afflicted With a Tem
porary Mania.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, April 3.
William Wiegman filed a suit in the
Superior Court this afternoon against
George E. Beehe and Fred Wiegman, the
latter his cousin, alleging that he was de
frauded out of his interest in a thriving
general merchandise business at Al
varado.
According to his complaint he entered
into a copartnership with Beebe on Jan
uary 2. 1897, Each partner put Into the
business $2500 and the partnership was to
extend over five years. On January 30
of this year Beebe borrowed from Fred
Wiegman $1000, giving him a promissory
note, payable in one year. This money
was also invested In the business. On
February 20 the business was prosperous
and the firm's indebtedness did not ex
ceed JCSO, except the note mentioned,
which plaintiff had also signed, but the
store, stock, fixtures and good will of the
business at this time was worth $SOOO.
About this time, the complaint all* p^s.
plaintiff became very sick, laboring under
temporary mania, and was wholly un
able raid Incompetent to transact any
business, and while in this condition the
.;ints willfully, knowingly and
fraudulently persuaded plaintiff by
threats, menace and force to sign and
execute a certain paper, the purport of
which he did not then understand, but is
now Informed is a bill of sale of all his
rights and interest In the business and as
sets of the firm of Weigman & Beebe to
defendant, his cousin, Mr. Wiegman.
Plaintiff in conclusion alleges that no
consideration was ever paid or agreed
upon, and on February 27 the entire, busi
ness was Bold by defendants to one Har
vey.
Wherefore Mrs. Wiegman asks $10,000
damages on the ground that his business
has been destroyed and his credit and
reputation seriously impaired; besides
$500u for punitive damages for the fraud.
Only last week William Wiegman
Fought to have a receiver appointed while
his interests might be determined legally,
but Judge Ogden on that occasion held it
inadvisable to interfere, since he consid
ered Harvey a purchaser in good faith.
It developed at the hearing of Wlegf
man's petition at that time that his sick
liess was due to too free an access to the
flowing bowl, which rendered him incom
petent to transact business, and for which
hi v, as under treatment, and wherefore he
had sold out.
The trial of the present suit promises to
be sensational.
CHRISTIAN ' GOVERNMENT.
OAKLAND, April 3— A national re
form convention for the purpose of con
sidering the Christian principles of civil
government held in the lecture room of
the First Presbyterian Church to-night
was well attended. Rev. J. M. French
presided and spoke on the essential ele
ments of Christian citizenship and the
advisability of introducing into the pub
lic schools the Bible as an auxiliary text
book. He was followed by Rev. Dr. H.
H. George, who discoursed on the sub
ject of "Christian as Against Secular
Government."
Rev. W. H. Fulton. Rev. Elmer Me-
Burney, Rev. Mr. Jones, Rev. Mr. Ellis
and J. T. Robinson were appointed a
committee to draft resolutions voicing
the sentiments of the convention, to be
reported at to-morrow night's session, at
which time the temperance and Philip
pine problems will be discussed by Mrs.
R. U. Johnson and Rev. E. R. Bennett.
There will also be a session to-morrow
afternoon, when the speakers will be
Rev. Floyd J. Mynard, Mrs. H. H
George and Rev. E. R. Dille. In the
evening the convention concludes.
THE SA» FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL. 4, 1899.
NEW DEPARTURE
IN MESSAGES
BY MAYOR SHOW
Does Not Believe in
Pigeonholing.
FOLLOWS UP SUGGESTION
RESOLUTIONS PRESENTED FOR
IMMEDIATE ACTION.
Attention Called to the Gambling
Evil With the Advice That It
Be Suppressed at
MAYOR SNOW TO
STOP GAMBLING
i? There Is one other matter of &
2 vital interest to the city, differing; 8
. greatly from the subject of ♦
O finances already considered, but so 5
£ claiming your immediate attention o
,3, that I refer to it here. It relates ♦
ft to the morals of the community. I 'jr
£ refer to gambling. <£
0 No person should be permitted 0
2> to keep a house for the purpose of *£
W gambling or any place where ~
X gambling is done. Every such 0
X place in the city of Oakland should &
& be closed. I purposely refrain $
$ from any statement setting forth x
§ the details of gambling at this <£
0 time. We need an ordinance pre- £(•
■•;> venting and punishing gambling. 4>
& If you will pass it it -will be en- Of
£> forced. I hope that the press will g
j- give our intention prominent no- §*
£, tlce, so that orders recently given $
<{> for gambling outfits to be set up in <$>
O this city may be rescinded.— Mayor #
& Snow's message to the City Coun- X
<£ ell. $
Q O
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 3.
The new City Council assumed charge
of the city's affairs to-night. The fea
ture of the meeting was the reading of a
message from Mayor Snow. It was a
pertinent document, words being neither
minced nor wasted.
"We find the city in a pit," says the
Mayor. "We shall hurt somebody getting
it out, and probably do ourselves some
injury; but the peculiar situation is both
the reason for our action and our excuse.
1 recommend that the salary of every of
ficer and employe that is not fixed by the
charter be reduced until June 30 aboift 25
per cent.
"Every incoming Mayor has read an in
augural message; the desk has filed li
away and it has been forgotten within
ten days. You will notice that I have
adopted a different plan. In my communi
cation I have made nine suggestions and
the same number of ordinances and reso
lutions are respectfully presented here
with for such action as your wisdom di
rects.
"To meet the deficit of $60,000, the Coun
cil will probably reduce every salary now
fixed by resolution or ordinance 23 peh
cent. Policemen will probably be retired
from the positions of captain and detec
tives for the purpose of saving their in
creased salaries. The expense of house
numbering will be discontinued. One
half of the street lights are to be shut
off; one-half the street sweeping to be
discontinued and also one-half of the
■ sprinkling. The bond Interest
money due on coupons July 2 will be used
for general expenses; and after all, the
statutory salaries, amounting to $27,000 for
the months of April, May and June, will
have to be carried over into the next tin
cal year.
"It was known when the last tax levy
was made that to do what was then al
proposed would require a levy of
$1 \Ci Without making any change in the
Erogramme of expenses the levy was
\. .1 at $121; deficit of $60,000 Is the re-
"The legal limit of taxation by the city
is $1, ex( ept for bonds and interest. The
assessment mil dropped last year $6,000,
--000 iiinl Is likely to be reduced this year
12 OCmi 000 more. The property of the
whole city Is likely to be valued by the
''ounty Assessor this year for only $40,
--000 000. This valuation at the full l<>gal
rate of taxation will furnish only $400,000.
The additional income from other
sources is not likely to be more than
$350,000, or $750,000 all told.
"The cost for maintenance alone for
the year closing June, 1898, was over $751,
--(kii) The cost of street lighting In IbSJ
was $36,000. It is now $72,000. The cost
of our schools in 1890 was $200,000. It is
now $300,000. In 1890 only $55,000 was ex
pended upon our streets. Last year $80,
--000 was expended for like purposes. Our
Police Department expense has grown
from $48,000 in 1M» to require $78,000 for
maintenance. And our Fire Department
that cost in IS9O $56,000 for maintenance
now costs $82,000. The reduction of
$8 000 000 In the assessment roll since 1897
reduces the Income of the city $80,000 per
year upon a tax rate of $1. The cost of
the city government must be reduced the
coming liscal year $w,OOO or the present
condition of affairs will be repeated one
year from to-day."
To the School Directors Mayor Snow
sent the following additional suggestion:
"1 have one other matter that I desire
to speak of. It is very probable that
some attempt may be made during the
year to amend the city charter. The
present charter attempts to require the
Board of l'ublic Works to act as your
executive arm, while the general law
seems to ret this provision aside. When,
we come to amend the charter It will be
necessary to know for a fact whether
your honorable body controls a school
district and Is subject to the general
laws governing such districts or subject
to charter provisions. I desire to request
that you join if necessary in a friendly
suit that may be hereafter arranged to
determine the legal relation of your hon
orable board to the city of Oakland."
When the Council met Councilman H.
D. Rowe of the Seventh Ward was unani
mously elected president. He waa an ac
tive member of the last Council.
Those who expected surprises at the
Council meeting were not disappointed,
for they came in bunches. Mayor Snow
read his own message and handed In the
ordinances and resolutions necessary to
make it effective.
Councilman (Jirard made the first attack
on gambling by calling up the ordinance
prohibiting keno, which was held up by
the old License Committee. Mr. Glrard
made a powciful plea for the ordinance.
"I hav*e made inquiry," he said "and know
whereof I speak. There are in the heart
of this city twelve or llfteen hells where
our youth are being corrupted and made
dishonest. At this present moment from
500 to 1000 people are gambli^; and ap
purentlv there Is no ordim^T-e to stop
th»m. In this number are clerks and stu
dents of our high school and university,
young men who cannot do more than sup
port themselves, and they are sitting
around risking 1 their money and perhaps
that of their employers at keno. These
bloodsuckers who run these games should
be stopped at once. I know Just where
they are located, and although there are
signs up, 'No boys under 21 admitted,'
that is the most deceptive of subterfuges,
for I have seen in one saloon as many as
eight boys under 16 years old.
If this ordinance will not stand the test
of the courts, then we will pass one im
posing a license of $1000 a night on these
bloodsuckers, and no one can stop us do-
Ing that." As Mr. Girard is chairman of
the License Committee he commands
much authority. The ordinance was unan
imously passed to print.
Another ordinance, introduced by Mayor
Snow, was read and sent to committee. It
prohibits gambling of all kinds, and also
makes it a misdemeanor to lease a place
for gambling.
Measures were also introduced abolish
ing the office of one police captain and of
two detectives; also arranging for doing
away with one-half of the street sweep
ing, sprinkling and street lighting for the
remaining three months of this year;
also for reducing every salary fixed by
the Council and for repealing the ordi
nance appropriating $60,000 for building a
storm sewer In Cemetery Creek. All
these measures will be decided by the
committee of the whole, which will meet
with the Board of Works on Wednesday
evening.
City Clerk Tompklns was reappointed
and he at once named Ed Holand, the
incumbent, as his deputy.
Fred Murdock will cease to be City
Wharfinger on April 30 and Charles W.
Agner was appointed his successor.
Henry Powers will cease to be Pound
master on April 10 and Herbert Swift will
be his successor. John Wilds was ap
pointed to enter upon his twenty-first
year as head janitor of the City Hall. A
resolution was Introduced declaring the
place of Night Janitor Tim Holland va
cant and naming Frank Colver as his
successor, but the matter was sent to
committee.
President Rowe appointed the follow
ing standing committees, the first named
In each case being the chairman:
Auditing and Finance— Barstow, Mott, Meese
Glrard, Stetson.
Ordinance and Judiciary— Mott, Cuvellier,
Kramm, Taylnr, Upton.
Street— Meese, Kramm, Mott, Baxstow, Cuvel
lier.
Printing; — Kramm, Glrard, Schaffer, Stetson
Meese.
Municipal License — Glrard, Upton, Stetson,
Mott, Barstow.
Street Lighting— Upton, Bchafter, Taylor
Cuvellier, Glrard.
Wharves and Water Front— Schaffer, Taylor,
Glrard. Meese, Mott.
Public Improvement — Stetson, Cuvellier,
Schaifer, Upton, Kramm.
Fire and Water— Cuvellier, Upton, Meese,
Barstow, Taylor.
Street Railroads— Taylor, Barstow, Stetson,
Kramm, Schaffer.
SHE FEARS VISITS
OF HER EX-HUSBAND
E. A. YON SCHMIDT WANTS TO
SEE HIS CHILDREN.
His Ex-Wife Produces Letters He
Has Written Since the Legal
Separation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 3.
Captain E. A. yon Schmidt and his di
vorced wife, Isabella yon Schmidt, ap
peared before Judge Greene to-day and
created a lively scene. The well-known
yachtsman, through his attorney, Hugh
Aldrich, moved the court to modify the
divorce decree recently granted so that
ho might be permitted to occasionally
visit his three children at their Alameda
home. Judge Greene, however, "sat
down" upon the captain pretty hard.
"It's $100 to nothing," said his Honor,
"that If you go to the home of this
woman you would certainly commit some
breach of propriety. No, no, you cannot
go there."
Isabella yon Schmidt held the same
opinion. She was fortified with several
letters she had recently received from
Captain yon Schmidt, wherein he b<
for permission to call at her home and
see the children. In one of these letters
he accused her of having perjured herself
at the divorce trial. Again, while Cap
tain Yon Schmidt was on the witness
stand he tried to convince the court that
he could call at his former wife's home
without committing any breach of pro
priety. Judge Greene, however, decided
that the captain should be allowed to see
his children at some friend's home twice
each month.
Released and Rearrested.
OAKLAND, April 3.— Fred Foster, who
was arrested on a charge of felony em
bezzlement last week in an alleged at
tempt to get away with several race
horses, had his case dismissed in R«.
corder Bradford's court, on the ground of
lack of Jurisdiction, at Emeryville to-day;
but the District Attorney, anticipating
the step, had a new complaint and war
rant issued. Foster was immediately re
arrested and later released on bonds.
Huber's Death Confirmed.
OAKLAND, April 3.— There is now no
doubt that Henry Huber, the Oakland
boy who was with the troops at Manila,
was killed by the Filipinos. Additional
Information has been received in this city
substantiating the story published In The
Call a week ago. The lad's parents have
no longer any hope that their son is still
alive.
Death of Mrs. Samuels.
OAKLAND, April 3.— Mrs. Cecelia Sam
uels, mother of Deputy District Attorney
George Samuels, died to-day at the family
residence, 854% Isabelle street, after a
lingering illness. She was aged 70 years.
UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA NEWS
BERKELEY, April 3.— A determined ef
fort is to be made to arouse the same col
lege spirit and student enthusiasm over
the approaching baseball contest with
Stanford as marked the great football
Beason of last year. The college men have
begun to se« that their baseball players
have, the same support and encourage
ment that helped their gridiron veterans
to the victory of last Thanksgiv4ng. The
same spirit which manifested itself there
is beginning to materialize once more. It
broke out for the first time this afternoon.
Placards announcing a grand baseball
rally had been posted in conspicuous
places in the campus during the day. The
notices brought a throng of students down
to the bleachers on the lower campus
shortly before 4 o'clock. The old-time
feeling was abroad and it showed itself in
the old ways. As Coafh Corbett came on
to the diamond with his men and began
arranging their positions, those on the
bleachers remembered Cochran and hin
f;iants, and the California yell went ring
ng over the field. It was the first time
that the baseball men have been really
cheered this season, but the spell was
broken. Again and again the yell was
given and it came out at intervals during
the practice.
It had the desired effect upon the men
and they put in the snappiest practice of
this term. The same thing will be car
ried out dally, from now on, until the
Blue and Gold faces the Cardinal. Mean
while the enthusiasts are organizing a
rooter's club, similar to that of last term.
Each member has to come to the games
decked in a blue and gold hat. The club
will form the yelling center of the Cali
fornia section at the big games, and will
enliven the proceedings with baaeball
songs and joshes.
The project of a University circus for the
benefit of the Athtletic Association is
gaining favor. It has been found possible
to hold the affair within the enclosure
around the cinder track. The promoters
of the plan have estimated that it will
cost something like $300, and they will lay
this report before the next meeting of
the Athtletic Association. Should it re
colve the sanction of that body the circus
will be held toward the close of the pres
ent term.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, April 3.— The preliminary
hearing of James J. Gilligan, charged with
the murder of Jockey John Epperson,
was to-day again continued until next
Saturday.
Mary Pickering, a domestic aped 40
years, residing in San Francisco, was ar
rested for insanity to-day and will be
committed to an insane asylum. She im
agines that she is being pursued by men.
The estate of Igrnatz Frank has been ap
praised at $192,600. consisting of Southern
Pacific bonus, stocks and real estate. •
An appraisement of the estate of Mary
C. Blake, deceased, was filed to-day,
showing total valuation of $101,330 17,
mostly real estate in Alameda and San
Francisco counties, and including 312
shares of capital stock in Blake, Moffltt
& Towne, valued at $24,960.
W. E. Shaw to-day commenced suit
against M. Henry for the recovery of
possession of a mare or her value, $400, be
sides $400 damages for the withholding of
the animal since last October, when,
plaintiff alleges, he loaned the mare to de
fendant.
The Board of Supervisors to-day grant
ed the petition of the residents of the
Lockwood School District to be annexed
to Melrose.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 3:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
22G1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6, R. A. •
M., will meet THIS (TUESDAY) ..JV^
EVENING, April 4. at 7:30 o'clock. TCjK
Stated and special meeting. By order f^w >
of the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Bee.
GOLDEN Gate Lodce No. 30. F. and m
A. M.— Stated ' meeting THIS (TUES- tk
DAY) EVENING, April 4, at 7:30 IT V
o'clock. GEO. J. HOBE. Sec. /V>
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M., m
121 Eddy Stated meeting THIS Mk
EVENING, at 8 o'clock. itTf
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sea /\rS
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. m
DA-yWeNl^g:^ BTo^.ock8 T o^. ock. (TUES - A
„ A. S. HUBBARD, Sec. /\/S
A. O. H. Division No. 2-The regular *_«*».
monthly meeting of this division will X(f^J/
be held at Hibernia Hall, 120 Ninth »V»
Bt on TUESDAY. April 4, 1899, ate^Wa
7:30 p. m. Committee on by-laws wlli*i~ljs'
make report at this meeting and action will
pect^to £ p 8 a m e e nt: EV " y m — "«■
T. L. CLAVc^Slry^ *«■"«"•
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STFam"hip
■ COMPANY that a meeting of the stfdc^ders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June. A. D. 1899, at eleven o'clock in the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company
number 327 Market et.. In the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California; that
the object of said meeting is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500 000 00) in
United States gold coin for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
•within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
paid Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 2 (30c per share) of the Paau-
hau Sugar Plantation Company will be pay-
able at the office of the company, 327 Market
st., on and after MONDAY, April 10, 1899..
Transfer books will close TUESDAY, April 4
1899. at 3 p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Sec. '
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 416 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
ROOMS , papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Pali.t Co., 319 3d St.
GOOD home for 2 children; near school. 61
Clara st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT German mother and daughter
desire situations as cook and second work;
wages no object; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires situation;
best reference; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook and laundress de-
sires situation; 2 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse; reference; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS second girl wishes a position;
can be interviewed at present employer's in
the afternoon; wages not less than $2.". For
address apply to MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
COMPETENT French maid and seamstress de-
sires situation; best references; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRLS of all nationalities awaiting situations
at MRS. HIRDS, 631 Larkln st. Telephone
Sutter 52.
TWO Swedish cooks, also second girl, best of^
references, desire situations. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes position to do
general housework In American family. 414
Folsom st.
YOUNG girl wishes a position to take care
of a baby: can do plain sewing. Call or ad-
dress 14 Bonita St., between Green and Val-
lejo, off Polk.
GIRL wishes position. in bakery; experienced.
1530 Folsom st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 1013
Golden Gate aye.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a situation as
housekeeper; city or country; good cook; ref-
erences; hotel preferred. Germania Gardens,
Harbor View.
COMPETENT and reliable, woman desires a po-
sition as housekeeper for a gentleman; can
furnish the best of references. Address box
825, Call office.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wants po-
sition to care for a sick person or keep house;
neat and trustworthy. 230% Fulton st.
SITUATION wanted by a competent girl to do
housework; good plain cook; city or country;
good references if required. Please call 515
Seventh st., near Bryant.
COMPETENT girl wishes a situation as cook
in an American or Jewish family; under-
stands German cooking thoroughly, or will do
general housework In a small family; wages
$25, Z2268 Geary St.; no postals.
WOMAN who thoroughly understands her
work wants position for general housework
In American family. Address box 828, Call.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation for general
I housework or laundress; good cook; refer-
; ence. Call ' personally, 1808 Folsom St., near
Fourteenth.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wants house-
work In small family; good plain cook; city
or country town. Address R., 1231 Market st.
A LADY wishes position as cook; is first class;
no objection to plain washing; reference. 530
Hush st. .
SITUATION wanted by competent Protestant
woman as working housekeeper; is first-class
cook; city or country. 81 Pine st.
YOUNG girl wishes housework and plain cook-
ing. Please call 142'» Clara St., between
Fourth and Fifth; no postals answered.
WAITRESS and chambermaid wish positions
in same hotel In some summer resort. Ad-
dress 316 Minna St., downstairs.
JAPANESE girl wants situation to do house-
work in this city. TSUMA, 539 Stevenson st.
WOMAN wants care of child out of doors;
wages no object. MRS. C. box 835, Call.
YOUNG German girl would like to have posi-
tion for general housework and cooking. Call
or address 27% Clementina st. \
EXPERIENCED nurse will take night nurs-
ing or relieve other nurse by the hour. MRS.
H., 1503 Leaven worth st., near Jackson.
SITUATION wanted by competent girl to do
housework; good plain cook; city or coun-
try. Box 800. Call office.
HOUSEKEEPER, middle-aged German woman,
wants position in country; farm or ranch. Ad-
dress 34S Third St. .
COMPETENT lady wishes position .of trust,
care of children or housekeeping. MRS.
WHEELOCK. MIA Castro St.; call or write;
references given. ■
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from f#rry; elevator.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. Jl per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
FIRST-CLASS English butler desires situation;
best city reference; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, Sutter st. ___^
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.: tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE emplymt office: help; farm hands,
. domestics. ITO. 725 Geary st. ; tel. Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell Bt.; tel. East 426.
BARBER wants a steady place; wages no ob-
ject. ■ ' _^^^
WANTED— A home In the country for a boy
14; work for board; go to school. Address
box SOB. Call office.
YOUNG Englishman, smart : appearance, de-
sires position as coachman; good rider and
driver; country preferred. 8., box SO", Call.
COACHMAN and gardener, thoroughly under-
stands his business. . wishes situation; city or
country; good references. Box 770, Call;
ELDERLY active competent man wants situa-
. tion on private place; small wages; first-class
references. Gardener, box 822, Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnned.
GERMAN, 6 years In this country, would like
to have a place as private bookkeeper, porter
or janitor' understands interest work thor-
oughly. ADOLPH FRESE, 346 Hayes st.
WANTED— By an Englishman, aged 32, any
kind of employment: first-class references. Ad-
dress Box 832. CalW>fficeLj
AN experienced vineyardist and wife would
like situation; understands wine making and
farming thoroughly. Address A. CAS-
SAGNES, 813 Jessie st.
STRICTLY sober man wants position; lunch
stand preferred. Address M., Call branch
office, 357 Hayes st.
EXPEBT cotter and fitter on all kinds of
ladies' costumes, just from New York, would
like to get position with good house; salary
to suit. Address, all week, E., box 823, Call
uiftee, Oakland.
WATCHMAKER and jeweler, English, wants
employment; 15 years' exp? rl £,!i ce; tow " ° r
country. Address W. WILMOTT care MRS.
HEAKTMAN, 935% Howard St.. b. F.
WANTED— Position as P lumber l" 8 8 1* "1 b ,y
strong, sober young man. A. HOI—A.ND, 123
Prospect place.
BOY wants hard work. Address box 61, Call
office.
CARPENTER, general workman, has a good
chest of tools, well recommended, will work
cheap; city or country. Address Carpenter,
164S Mission st. ,
STEADY, reliable man wishes situation on
private country place; understands care or
horses, lawn, garden; good references. B. CJ..
box 820, Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants situation to do home-
work and wash dishes, or schoolboy In this
city. YAMAMOTO, 539 Stevenson st.
MAN (middle-aged) understands the care of
horses, cows, buggy and garden, wants situa-
tion. Box S2l. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes situation as janitor or
porter; references given if required. Address
box 786, Call office.
PAINTER, first-class, will work cheap if a
few weeks' steady work can be secured. Ad-
dress Painter. 636 Ivy aye.
STEADY man would like situation as mill
blacksmith. 812 Kearny st.
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
FRENCH nurse, one child, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
REFINED German nurse. 2 grown children,
$25; German second girl, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
MAID. $25 to $30; second girl. $30. MISS CUL-
LEN/ 325 Sutter St.
TWO girls, Sausalito, $30 and $25, see lady
here 11 o'clock. MISS CULLEN, 326 Sutter.
YOUNG girl assist housework, 2 in family,
$15, Lake County, see lady here. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRL, delicacy store, $6 per week; girl to serve
as apprentice, delicacy store. MISS CUL-
LEN, 32.", Sinter St.
C. R. HANBEN & CO Phone Grant 185
6 waitresses, city and country, $20; 2 cham-
bermaids to wait, $^0; 3 waitresses, small
places, $15: German girl for delicacy store, $6
weeW; fancy ironer, $20 and board; 6 lunch
waitresses, IVz hours' work. 35c.
FAMILY ORDERS
Jewish family cook, $30; 4 cooks, Jewish
families, $25; 6 Swedish and German cooks
and house girls, $25 and $30; young neat girls
for cooking and general housework, $15 to $20;
woman to care for 2 children, in country,
' $15, fare paid; Scandinavian housekeeper,
country, $15, fare paid; cook and second girl,
Ban Rafael, $30 and $25.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
NURSE girl, 12 to 17 years old, to care for 2
babies 1 and 2 years old, $8. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK, American family, city, $30; German or
Scandinavian cook, no wash, a short dis-
tance, $30; cook, German style, no wash, $30;
6 cooks in American and German families,
$25 and $30. J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 31«
Sutter Ft.
; WAITRESS, country restaurant, $20; chamber-
maid, wait 1 meal, $20: 5 waitresses, hotel
and restaurant, $20, $5 and $6 week; girl for
housework, small resort, $20, see lady here
at 11 to-day; laundress and chambermaid,
hotel, $20; and others. J. F. CROSETT _
IV, Hutter st.
NT USE Infant and sewing, $25; second girl and
si wing, $20; 2 second girls, $l r i; 3 nurses, $20
and $25; waitress and parlor maid. $25; French
maid to travel, $25; girl for housework. 3
In family, across the bay, $25; and a large
number of girls for housework. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and assist waiting, miners'
hotel. $20 and found. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
GIRL for general housework, no cooking. $20;
Eecond girl, 3 In family. $20; woman with a
child for country; young girl to assist, $10;
good strpng girl, country hotel, $20; 25 girls
to assist, $15 and $20. MISS DILLON, 315
t Sutter st.
WANTED— Cooks, second girls, nurs eglrls and
pirls for housework. MRS. HIRD. 631 Larkin.
TRIMMER, maker and apprentice. DIN AN,
1102 Market st., near Mason.
WANTED— A girl to do second work, wages
$12 per month. Apply 1617 Vallejo St.
FINISHERS and buttonhole makers on coats;
steady work; good pay. SELIG BROS., 108
Battery st.
YOUNG saleslady who speaks German to do
carving. Call stalls 57 and 59, Union Square
Market, bet. S and 10 a. m.
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced tailoress on
custom coats; good wages. 42S Sixth st.
GIRLS from 12 to 15 years to help on skirts.
S6S Mission St., room 7.
GIRL for light housework; family of 3. 1609
Webster st^
GIRL for light housework and take care of
children. Inquire bet. 12 and 1 o'clock, at
440 Ashbury St., near Oak.
YOUNG German girl to care for children. 378
California aye.
OPERATORS on gents' custom shirts. ROG-
ERSON, 535 Valencia St.
FINISHERS on custom coats. 106 Battery st.
WANTED— A first-class cook, German, at 1721
Van Ness aye. Call bet. 1 and 3 p. m.
APPRENTICE for halrdresslng and manicur-
ing. 682 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework and
care of baby: wages $8. Apply bet. 2 and 3
to-day, 14G6 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress; steady work. COHN,
332 Sutter st.
25 GIRLS for housework; 1 French nurse. 315
Sutter st.
THREE lady compositor*. 6 and 7 Manning
place, off Eighth, 7:46 a. m.
YOUNG girl care of children; references re-
quired; between 10 and 12 a. m. ISO 9 Broad-
way.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework; to
live home. 216 Hyde st.
APPRENTICE on custom pants; paid while
learning. 110 William St., oft Geary, near
Taylor.
WAITRESSS wanted: $15 per month and room.
M 5 Valencia st.
TAILORESS on vests; must be good buttonhole
maker. 510 Jessie st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. 858 Howard
St., bet. Fourth and Fifth, over San Francisco
handball court.
WANTED— Waitress In restaurant. 113 Turk
street.
WANTED— Two first-class operators on cloaks
and suits; highest wages. The Elite, 4G2S
Thirteenth st., Oakland.
ONLY experienced hands on silk waists;
power. S. F. MFG. CO.. 409 A Turk st.
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
WANTED— HeIp for dressmaking. 609 Taylor
street.
GIRL for cooking and kitchen work, wages $25;
also girl for housework (no washing), wages
$20; German preferred. Apph- at 336 Third st.
GOOD steady finishers on pants: alao lew to
leacn. steady work. 545 Sanchez «t., bet.
Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
WANTED- A first-class finisher on pants. 410
Kearny st., room 20, second floor.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants wanted,
steady work, at 435 Minna st.
GIRL wanted to do housework at 731 Oreen St.,
near Mason.
GIRL about IS to assist In housework. 1715
Thirteenth aye. south.
CUSTOM shirt operators: good pay: permanent
work. M. J. KELLER CO.. Oakland.
WANTED — Thoroughly competent kid glove
saleswoman for Sacramento. Arply 523 Mar-
ket St.. room 7. from 2 to 3 p. m.
NEAT nursegirl who understands care of baby,
$6 to $S. Call 233 Third aye.. Geary st. car.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— Four more woodchoppers for good,
profitable job near city. $1 per cord; 6 tie-
makers, near city, tools and provisions ad-
vanced, 12c each, good redwood; 4 farmers for
good, steady job, $20; 2 milkers. $30; black-
smith, small country shop near city, $30 and
found, and others. W. D. EWER & CO
626 Clay st. '
WANTED— An active, energetic young man for
domestic dry goods department; for Sacra-
mento. Apply to-day from I to 3p. m 523
Market st.
HELP W^ANTEDj-Contlniied.
mttrraT & READY Phone Main 5348
Leadllg Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT TO-DAY . ■■■
German Catholic choreman. institution. $20
and found; ranch blacksmith.... s26 and found
Blacksmith, country shop $30 and found
Milk wagon driver, city...... _i"" Viii
Farm hands, $15 to $25; 8 milkers. $,0 and $30
Camp blacksmith Fiimac m
Choremen and boys Stableman
Gardener Woodchoppers
MURRAY '&' READY. 634-636 Clay st.
i FARMER and wife, see party here; solicitor
i and drive wagon for dye house; sheep shear-
er, $2 50 to $3 day and found; choreman .or
dairy. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
PORTERS BAKERS COOKS
Bread and cake baker. $50; baker, city shop.
$10 week; porter, country hotel, s*o and
found; cook, plain hotel. $40 and round;
8 cooks from $30 to $45 and found; 6 waiters,
different city and country hotels; dishwash-
ers, baker's helper, etc. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— 2 English or Scotch gardeners. $30
to $35; blacksmith, $30 and board; carriage
painter, $2 50 day; blacksmith and helper. $1
day and board; farmers. $20; machinist, $2 50
day, and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 628 Sacremento st.
WANTED— 6 quartz miners. $2 day and board;
4 drift gravel miners, $40 and board; cooks,
waiters and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
C R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
Fry cook, $50; second cook, $50; waiter, hotel,
$S5; plain hotel. $25
Laborers, mountain railroad, ship to-night..
Wcodchoppers, $1 50 cord- tiemakers. lie. boss
here; farmer. $25: 3 milkers, $30, $25 and $20;
blacksmith, see boss here; boy for printing
shop. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
THREE colored waiters, north, fare paid. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
ERRAND boy. C. R. HA-.S-.11 & CO.. 104
Geary St. '■'.-, - : ' /
WANTED— and stenographer as
clerk for this office; one speaking German,
French or Scandinavian language preferred;
steady situation; no fee. J. F. CROSETT _
CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— 3 more ranch hands for $20; 2 more
farm hands for $15: blacksmith in country
shop, $30 and found; stable man and driver
In the city, $25; 2 German-Swiss milkefts, $30;
woodchoppers and tiemakers. R. T. WARD
& CO.. 608-610 Clay St.
ERRAND boy, $10 per month. HOWE, 219 Sac-
ramento st. ;
COAT makers: steady work; good pay. SELIO
BROS., 108 Battery st.
FIRST-CLASS coat maker. THOS. E. KENT,
121 Post st. t ;
GOOD men wanted; Us pay. 40 Ellis St.,
room 19. :
WANTED — Good confectioner. Box 827. Call
office. *
HORSESHOER'S helper with about IV4 years'
experience. 2812 Mission st.
TAILORS and trimmer* on custom coats. 106
Battery fit. j
FIRST-CLASS advertising agent; lady of gen-
tleman. Room 4, 408 California st. •
WANTED— A man who 'has some experience on
custom tailoring; steady work. 40 Ellis St.,
room 52. . ','
MAN for nursery work and Jobbing. Call 500
Halght st. . •_
WANTED— A steel polisher and a bright boy.
143 Beale st.
WANTED— Boy In tin shop; age 15 to 17 years.
Apply 7 to 9, 533 Mission St.
WANTED— 2 first-class operators on cloaks and
suits; highest wages. The Elite. 462 Va Thir-
teenth St.. Oakland.
GENERAL tailor and coat maker for country.
Apply REISS BROS., 24 Sutter st.
WANTED — Experienced washer. Sun Laundry.
Nineteenth and Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
BARBERS' Protective Union, the only legal
organized union of the coast, has authorized
J. J. HEINZ, its employment secretary, to
extend his services into the country every-
where and to see that none but reliable help
Is furnished. Office, 630 Market, downstair*.
WANTED Seamen and green hands to go
whaling; steamer; no experience required.
STATENS & FRIEDMAN, 257 and 209 Pa- •
cific st.
WANTED— First-class pressman on custom-
made pants; steady work; good pay. 411
Kearny St., top floor.
WANTED — To rent store and 2 rooms suitable
for 6c barber; entrance on 2 streets; cheap
rent; $8 per month. Apply IC. Mission st.
WANTED— for stationery firm; one
familiar with . the business preferred; good
salary to right man. Address C. W., Call.
10 GENTEEL ladies and gentlemen wanted; $2
to $4 day. Lower floor, 631 Golden Gate aye.
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, one-half price. 502 Mission
St.. bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 33c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet Ist and 2d sts
WANTED — and gentlemen as canvas-
sers; good wages: no experience required.
Call from 1 to 8 p. m. at 373 Hayes st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 ami 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 5
.Inches and 6 feet in height. For further In-
formation apply at the Recruiting office, 40
Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
_^_______ — — — — — — _— __— — — — —
BARBER'S Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade;
summer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SAILORS, green hands, blacksmiths and car-
penters for steam whalers; seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 250
to 60c; $1 to $3 per week.
20 MEN to go on whaling cruise: no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 138*4 Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
solelng, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c. $1
to 12 50 wk. Elcho House. 86314 Market st.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knnx Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SINGLE furnished fine large sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week;
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
AGENTS WANTED.
PRINTERS wanted in every printing office as
agents to sell my printers' tweezers, make-
up and composing rules. A chance for prac-
tical printers to make money; detail furnish-
ed by the manufacturer. Address N., care
E. N. PARKER, Springfield, Mass.
COUNTRY to sell Leather Lustre; best seller
out; sample postpaid, 25c. J. Brown, 332 Bush.
BE wise and get In while the proposition is
new and make jrood money. 183 Seventh st.
PARTNERS WANTED.
I OWN State in big paying patent: am
worked: want partner with $500; New York
June exposition, Paris next year. Address X
box 834. Call office. - ,
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— A Christian home for two beauti-
ful boys; 3 and 9 years. Address box 829
Call. • ...:-,.- -..'
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Second-hand projectoscope and
films; also second-handed Btereopticon outfit
Box Sl7. Call office. °umi.
SCRAP, Iron, brass and copper bought- coun-
try trade solicited. S. F. I. Y. 204 Mission.
CARPET CLEANING!
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS M er
88 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone Soufh 250. '
WHEN you become disgusted with poor wcrk
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car.. '»
beating Works. 353-^37 Tehama St. : tel S. P 40"
A Py A^ T< 1 E f arpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st ■"
tel. Main 394. OEajyALCOM^Pm.^n' I
J- MCQUEEN'S Callfornla~Ca7p"et CleanlnTcT"
_403 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 225; lowest ra tea!
per yard; laid, at 3c.
BTRATTON S._3_EigMh^st. : tel. Jessie 944.
J . E ' MIT( ' HE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission T 74.
___?£! ter%_,t gr w ** Golde *
. PHYSICIANS. •BUSINESS CHANCES.
'l"iV1"* ( "-onNER saloon, with living rooms,
■•' Fifi'rt st., near Market; rent $30; average
■\. v receipts JM; fine fixtures, cash register
etc. WILKE. 906 Market St., room 8.
aS-WAGON and carriage shop; repairing and
" manufacturing of farming implements; In
i;,,,;v e.iuntry town. Alameda County; estab-
•l'tl I'd many years; tools $400; stock at Invoice
rrice ■ :> splendid chance for good, steady man
who knows his business. Call K. G. WILKE
■; Market st., roum S. '
TIT"" RAILROAD boarding-house in Oak-
io". ,i-'r.r.=t-cl:iss paying; best class of board-
,T, larce rooms; good furniture; rent $^0
|,vy, :> uurs of WILKE, 906 Market, room
T ; . . CORNER grocery and bar, with living
' , ' r:3 , on Market St.; doing a good-paying
■ .;■-.-; owner bought transfer business.
I " : ; ' rs ° f v ILKE, m Market, room 8.
GENEKAti merchandise store connected with
, -: ::U'e in lively country town; no oppo-
f - . including building:, 2 lots 20x150-
-; stock of merchandise about $3000-
-rarest < hance. For particulars call WILKE
.v : NI-'l'G. 908 Market St.
'"-.■•.*&£ stand. Stockton and Market sta
■ '• I Market Bt.
:. PARTNER wanted in one of the oldest
! ifluess openings, established 25 years- sure
575 r more each per month; light office work-
ni'-rience not necessary. Annlv rrnd
! ] UANn & CO - 102T * Marketjgt?__^vejth S
j; PARTNER In manufacturing busin»sar
. large" stoc.j; exclusive trade; $75 to $100 a
mrnth clear each; no experience required-
-1 ;cruy ot work. Western lnv. Co., 9 Geary!
£ - ."0-PARTNER. light business; $18 a week 7 "™
ixperlence required; trial given; see it West-
cm Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
A-$2500: CORNER drug store; doctor's practice
worth $300 a nth; receipts $20 daily; chance
for a physician. KREDO & op.. ;& Geary.
A-J1C0; BRANCH bakery; delicacy and can-
.lles; 3 living rooms. KREDO &. CO.. 22%
Gear}' st.
GROCERIES and bars, $400. $700. $100, $1500,
$1600. $:000. $4000. $5500. and many others; pa-
loons, 5250, $300, $450. $750. $1400 and $1500. Ger-
■ nian-Anierk-an. 34 Kearny st.
•YOU can double your money in salmon can-
nery shares; only a few left. See CLARK &
CO.. room 609. Examiner building.
FOR best water filter ever offered on this mar-
ket; sell en sight; need not remain idle. S.
H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market st.
BARBER shop that is worth buying; running
2 chairs; can be bought cheap if applied for
Immediately to D. STOLTZ, t£o Market St.
PARTNER wanted in real estate and com-
mission business; small capital required.
National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$400— GROCERY and bar; living-rooms; fur-
■ nished: bargain to-day. COWING _ CO.,
995 Market st.
-MALL capital; Interest and position In
paying corporal for experienced solicitor
and collector. Box 579. Call.
' WANTED — man as partner; stock and
.fixtures cost over $G00; no experience required;
particulars I da} , ;>3S California ft.
SALOON; bargain: will sell at great sacrifice.
Mclaughlin _: CO., 777 Market st.
. A---TO buy or sell your business quick for
■ . cash apply to MOON & CO., ;■»', Market st.
"FRENCH and Italian restaurant for sale;
reasonable. Call at 16 Mason st.
• WANTED— To buy a restaurant; must be
cheap. T. S_ 113 Eighth ft. ■
SALOON for sale in good location, inquire at
636 Third st.
GRAND restaurant outfit complete cheap; place
to let. Apply 613V4 Jones st.
BARBER outfit; 4- chair shop; a bargain. Call,
bet. 10 and 12 a. m., 423 Washington st.
$300— COFFEE and chop house; doing good
business. Apply at ■- Montgomery st,
FOR pale— Well established printing office
formerly conducted by the late ''has. W.
LIEB. at 220 Gutter St., room 37, will be
disposed of at a reasonable offer. For par-
ticulars call at above office, or 212 Pennsyl-
vania aye.
|4f,0 — SALOON. 13 rooms; partly furnished; good
place wholesale hahse. 117 Battery st.
FOR sale or exchange — Good paying country
hotel. Box 666, Petaluma, Cal.
FOR sale Dry goods business. Address P. O.
box. 112 Benicla. Cal.
OYSTER and clam business for sale cheap.
1325 Polk Ft.
HOWARD. 83-I— Vienna Beer Hal!; for pale
cheap on account of discontinuing partner-
ship.
GROCERY, woo.l, coal and feed business;
whole, part; cheap. NE. cor. Valley, Dolores.
WAFFLE wagon; complete; 1 horse; everything
new; J3OO. 21uti Mason St.. in rear.
GROCERY and bar: good Etand: _oing an all
cash business; price $1000. Box 1201. Call.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply 1737
HyJe ft.
BARGAIN— Shoe store; nice stock and fixtures.
Box 446. Uklah. Oal.
FOR Fale on account of sickness, florist and
nurfery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day, or
Will exchange for real estate across the bay.
, Apply 500 Haight st.
JOHN REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires
I to sell his tailoring business. including stock
and good will. 340 Third st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL Xc CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES. FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
11-room house in Angels Camp $450
15-room house; central; $100 cash 300
30 rooms, rent $90; on Mission st 1300
f,4-room house; clears $300 1600
17 rooms: on Sixth st 450
G-room flat: cheap rent 175
2S-room house; clears $150 660
2«-room house; new furniture 750
16-room house; fine corner 1000
14-room house; new and good 800
16-room; fine corner: must sell 900
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. sth.
10 ROOMS and 1 bath; new furniture; $300 cash,
balance payments. DECKER. 1020 Market.
A— KREDO _ CO 22H GEARY ST.
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
A FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS
A FEW DAYS ONLY.
$5A0 — 44 rooms; fine business corner.
$2iXl—9 rooms; a give away.
Many ethers from 6 to 300 rooms, from $150
to $10,000. KREDO & CO.
WINSTON & CO 1026 Market st.
18 rooms; cheap rent; one floor $450
20 rooms; rent $75; north of Market; snap. 800
23 rooms; brand new; give away 800
,22 rooms; will exchange; corner 1000
A— loo lodging-houses; 'prices rom $125 to
$3000. GUS STRAND ft CO.. 1027V4 Market
Bt., above • ■■'..
LODGING-HOUSE for sale: 9 rooms: newly
furnished; low rent; owner obliged to go
north. 17 Powell st , upstairs.
$1600— ROOMING-HOUSE ; north of Market st.
COWING & CO.. 955 Market st.
$200— FOR sale. 10-room house: 7 steady room-
ers. Apr 2SI Stevenpon ft.
|950_OREAT bargain : 80 rooms; $350 cash, bal-
. ance easy payments from income of house.
106 New Montgomery.
8-ROOM house, furniture in good order; will
' sell reasonable. 276 Minna st.
12-ROOM house for sale; rooms full; terms
mode-rate; good location. Box Sit. Call office.
FOR sale— l 9 rooms, where a good living can
be made: cheap. 4 1 - Seventh ft.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMB furnished In oak for $48 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
DBNTIBTS. ™ ~
DR. T. P. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth la always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. SO3 Mar-
. ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood b ig., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
13 50 up; plates, extractions. Tree, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, i a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. S. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years; ;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: filling, 60c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, ii Sixth Ft. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.,~ex~ i
• tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
; ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth, $", ; crown?, $3; fillings. 60c: all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Pttrlors, 1206 Market et., cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings end Sundays. Sixth and Market.
ISR LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
laity; all work reasonable: gas given.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. Q.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk Bt.
LOWEST prices In 8. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist. Mf Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Keurny; set of teeth,
♦i; ailing, gold, COc; silver, 25c; crowns, $3.
-~*-32i_ PERSONALS.
B ne l E^° me ,, home: *« will be well; la
need write; all waiting anxiously.
. MOTHER— ED.
LINCOLN BROS. ~~~
"i_i! B J b . 8 rolled oats, 25c; 10-lb sack cornmeal,
_»_' ,, ter - 25c square; 19 lbs granulated
.sugar, $1; flour, 85c sack; tomatoes. 90c doz.;
sugar corn, $1 doz; picnic hams, 7',_o lb; 20
lbs rice, $i : 25 lbs raisins, $1; macaroni. 25c
a box; 2 lbs flue coffee, 25c. LINCOLN BROS..
cash grocers, 226 Sixth st., above Folsom.
TOUR hair won't fall out of you use Lederer's
yuintonlca, 35c bot.; Lederer's Foamo Sham-
poo. 6c pkg. O. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER Is the best hairdresser in the city,
but he charges only 25c; longest hair rolls,
. 85c; good switches, $1: tine, $2 50. Open Sun-
days 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
AUGUSTA LEOLA, 2326 Mission st., near 20th
— Greatest fortune teller in the world; gives
luck, love and magic charms; also teaches
fortune telling; fee, $1 and upward. ,
HIE THIENG, 26 Glasgow st., first-class Chi-
nese laundry, removed to 33S Minna st.
A FINE suit or overcoat to order, $10 75; we
have contracts with mills to take all their
remnants; samples sent all over the country.
L. LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
JOHN L. BOONE. ' Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st., Law a Specialty.
Ran Francisco. CaL American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
OPERA bangs and switches, ROc up; this week
only; artistic opera dressing. La Verite Hair-
dressing Parlors. 30 Geary; phone red 3733.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and frc^m the ferry.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
THE genuine misfit, 272 Fifth st.; $30 and $40
suits at your own price; perfect fit guarant'd.
PRIVATE residence for ladles In delicate
health. MRS DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth, Alameda.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no In-
jection :guarntd. Dr. Gordln, sl4 Pine.ab.Kearny
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8: bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing.furniture.bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post St.. removed to store 110 Kearny st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrappers for mailing. $1 per year.
~~ DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $s up; dresses made
over: perfect fit.. 8 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton et.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP. spirit seer. 1724 Market
St.. near Polk; counsel, 60c; by letter. 50c;
meetings every night. 10c.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; sealed let-
ters read, 10c; medium gifts developed. 120
Sixth st. ___________
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circlle to-
night. 10c. 605 McAllister; come skeptics.
C. V. MILLER, materializing trumpet seance
8 p. m. ; 25 cents. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m. ;
Mon., 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVO> HITS.
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary St.,
bet. Powell and Mason. Her success as a me-
dium has startled the entire world. Her
power Is acknowledged by press and public to
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human power.
Har rarlors are thronged by anxious people
looking for important information, and every
reply is most gratifying; all are pleased.
Without a question she tells each caller their
name and for what they came. She gives
advice on business, speculation, lawsuits, old
estates, love, courtship and marriage— every-
thing. The unfortunate and troubled should
peek her counsel and start aright. Positively
no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom-
panies. 9 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.
MME. ' PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond eight; diagnoses* disease; full life read-
ing: ladies, 60c; gents, $1; sit.. $150. 126 Turk.
MIPS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st.
I MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 153*4 sth, r. 21.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny St.. rooms 9 and 10.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth et.. near Mission.
MME. AUGUST. 1160 Mission Ft.; clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell Ft.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEEROAARD. pupil Count St. Ger-
maine, 83S8 Twenty-first St., above Valencia;
tel White 1571; reading by mall. $1.
SI PERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush
Bt.: 15 years' experience: references given.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS!
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and 16 per. month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Btelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW good bargains In uprights from $120
up. All guaranteed.
Weber, in fine order.
Estey, lined very little.
Bradford, good as new; Knabe, used seven
months. Easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & CO, Chlckering Agents,
16-20 O'Farrell st. •
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and SO O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
HORNUNG'B Pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
A GRAND opportunity to save money in the
purchase of a high grade piano for cash this
week. Room 12. Flood building.
PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted; send
postal card to COOKE, 1081 Howard St.
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms, 1710 Mkt.
NEW pianos, stool and scarf, $3 per mo. rental.
SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co., 660 Hayes st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up: Installments. $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
.W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett / Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister at., next Hibernia Bank.
BOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent. SOB Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy, 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LKR & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st .
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay- Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tloni' and want ads taken.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law;
Cth floor; Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, con-
tracts, etc., drawn; mod. fees; call or write.
ADVICE frees; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
AM no lawyer, but in divorce matters will
give full information free; strictly confiden-
tial. Box B*l. Call Office.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market «t.
TO IJC ASK. '~
TO lease— For wholesale and retail wine and
liquor business, store with large light base-
ment on very prominent downtown corner.
Apply to WILLIAM HENDIUCKSON & CO..
Cl 4 Call building-.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 4, 1599.
BOUSES TO LET.
BEAUTIFUL mndenT"lo~rooms. bath; reduced
from $65 to $40 to good tenant; HIS Guerrero,
— _?____ 3d - A - __• S P E CK & CO.. 667 Market et.
FOR rent— ln Alameda, furnished cottage, 7
rooms, bath; large grounds; 1 block from nar-
row-gauge station; reasonable. 1355 Versailles
aye.
HOUSE, 6 sunny rooms, bath: large lower part
four stalls may be used for anything. 2319
Mason st.
HOUSE of 32 rooms; good for lodging house. In-
quire 1153 Howard St., nr. Bth; two entrances.
HOUSE to let; 6 rooms. 23 % Morris aye., near
Sixth and Harrison sts.
OCEAN VIEW— New cottage, 3 rooms, large
closets; % acre land; barn, chicken houses; 12
minutes from cars; rent cheap to responsible
party. 337S Twenty-fourth st.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
PART of handsomely furnished house; piano;
marine view. 2332 Jones St.. near Lombard.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE to let and furniture of 7 rooms for
pale. 12 Laskie st., off Mission, between
Eighth and Ninth.
TO RENT— Furnished, at once, tasteful mod-
ern house. 9 large rooms, city water, electric
light, large garden, l»wn; choicest neighbor-
hood; fronting university; five minutes from
railway station. Address or call 1 Bushnell
place, Berkeley.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON, 333— A cottage of 3 rooms, chick-
en house, yard; San Mateo cars to Thirty-
fifth Ft. ; rent $6.
SUNNY 5-room cottage; l^ stable; rent $20. Ad-
dress box 812, Call office.
$9— COTT.^iE 4 rooms; yard: respectable lo-
cation. 1705 Turk St.. near Scott.
$10— COTTAGE, 4 sunny rooms; Wi blockß from
Market st. 132 Rose aye., bet. Gou_h and
Ortavla sts.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOWARD, 172:, nr. Thirteenth— Sunny, new^
4 rooms; bath and laundry: $15; very choice,
CASTRO, 455, near Market— Fine new sunny
upper double flat, 10 rooms; stable; cheap.
CLAYTON, 572, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT of 4 rooms. 515 Thirteenth St.
FRANKLIN, Tls— Sunny corner flat, 8 rooms
and bath; near Golden Gate aye.
HARRIET, 253, near Harrison and Sixth— 3
sunny^ rooms, upstairs, $s.
MISSION, 1515, near Eleventh— 6 large sunny
rooms; bath, laundry and yard; rent $IS.
NICE flat all to yourself; 4 rooms; modern Im-
provements. Address box 839, Call office.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery- st.
4 SUNNY rooms and bath; In good repair.
171S Leavenworth; rent $12.
$13— 4-ROOM upper flat: sunny side. Army St.,
bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
$15 — UPPER flat; a sunny rooms and bath. 205
Francisco st.
707 Stockton; 6 r $26,720 Montg'y ay. ; 5 r..514
16n:i Turk; 6 r 171 19 Erkaon crt; 5 r.. 11
US Hayes; 6 r.... It 650 Jessie; 3 r 10
ICSC Page; S r 15 260 Tehama; 4 r 8
A. M. SPECK _ CO., 607 Market St.
4073 TWENTY-THIRD St., near Castro; upper
funny 6 rooms; $16.
587 Noe St.. corner Nineteenth: upper 6 rooms;
«7.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEIvKEPISG.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— Bay-window,
mantel, kitchen; blue flame or gas; $12.
BUSH, 8404— Sunny front alcove suite, with
kitchen, bath; furnished for housekeeping;
rent $15.
EDDY, 743 — 3 or 4 nicely furnished rooms; low-
er flat: also single furnished room.
FIFTH, 309— New house; well furnished suite
with kitchen; suitable for 2 or more.
FOLSOM. S7o— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
! ing; sunny rooms; also single rooms cheap.
j FOLSOM. ISOS. cor. Fourteenth— Unfurnished
2 connecting rooms and kitchen. Call 9 to 1.
DEN GATE aye., 1410— Finely furnished
alcove and kitchen: 3 closets; running water;
f>:uh adjoining: cheap.
! GUERRERO, 12? — Housekeeping rooms to rent;
| nicely furnished.
HARRISON, 731— Four rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; bath; rent
| $16.
' HAVES, lfl(H_— Suite of parlors, dining room
and kitchen, suitable for housekeeping; par-
lors suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
HAWTHORNE, 172. near Harrison— Desirable
housekpg rooms for 2; use of parlors; reas.
j HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Finely furnished
rooms; also housekeeping and transient.
' HOWARD. 953Vi— Front bay-window room,
$2 50; also lovely sunny room, $1 75; bath.
JESSIE, 439. bet. Fifth and Plxth 1 larcce
connecting rooms complete; housekeeping;
regular kitchen; $10.
MCALLISTER, WB— Sunny suite furnished for
housekeeping; sink: range: bath: laundry.
I MINNA. 549 — Nice sunny housekeeping rooms
reasonable.
MINNA, 546— Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping: large yard.
MINNA, 364—2 or 3 neatly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single.
MINNA, 725. bet. Eighth and Ninth— Two nice
unfurnished rooms; bay-window; front
garden; big yard.
! MINNA, 74'— 5 rooms; rent $11; near Ninth.
M< INTO* 'MERyT 1402, corner Filbert-3 sunny
housekeeping rooms, $9 per month.
Nf>E, 151—2 pleasant front rooms, first floor;
coal stove; tubs; bath: yard: $10.
OCTAVIA, 411— Front furnished sunny bay-
wlndow room; grate; light housekeeping if
desired: kitchen; $8 50 per month.
POWELL, 418—2 housekeeping rooms, furnished
or unfurnished.
! SHIPLEY, 2SI 1 housekeeping rooms, $6; no
children, no animals; house new.
SUITE of 2 large nice sunny front rooms,
complete for housekeeping: kitchen and bed-
room; furniture all new. $2 per week. $8 per
month. Apply nt shoe store, 562 Mission st.,
bet. First and Second sts.
TWELFTH. 145, corner Howard- Sunny fur-
nished rooms, complete 'for housekeeping.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Newly and elegantly fur-
nished parlor floor, 4 rooms; gas range.
WASHINGTON, 620--HousekeepinK rooms new-
ly papered. $5 per month.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleas_nt
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooma; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 534. The La Mar— Newly furnished
sunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable.
BUSH, 726 — Sunny front room for gentleman;
$7 per month : reference.
EDDY, 430— Sunny front room; rent $8.
EDDY. S6l4— Single sunny front room; gas,
bath, clonets: private family; $8.
ELLIS, 204, corner Mason (Clifford)— A sunny
corner suite and other sunny rooms; prices
reasonable.
ELLIS, 418— The Grand Carnot— Nice front
rooms; suite and single; $1 50 to $6 week.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkln— Sunny furnished
bay-window; mantel; gas.
ELLIS, 742 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
fu I table for 2; gas and bath: housekeeping.
FULTON 213, near Van Ness— l or 2 unfur-
nished front parlors; also 1 back room; ref.
GEARY. 14A— Single room, running water, $1 25
per week.
GEARY. 556— Elegant sunny front and back
parlor suites; other rooms; piano; telephone.
GEARY, 674— Large sunny neatly furnished
front room.
GEARY, 736 (old number 710), near Leaven-
worth— 2 single rooms, $4 and $6; with bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Sevepth and
Mission — Pleasant suniry rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 784 H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 a week.
HOWARD, 829— Rooms from $1 week up; tran-
sient, 25c to $1 night.
KEARNY, 305, corner Bubli— Remodeled; new
furniture; several choice sunny front rooms.
MCALLISTER, 513, near Van Ness aye.— A
neat single furnished room, with gas, hot
and cold water; bath; $6 per month.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient, j
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
NINTH 20. near Market— Front suite suitable
for 2 gents; gas, water and grate; rent $12.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
PERRY, 174— Large room, double bed; suitable
for couple; bath; rent reasonable.
POST. 719— Furnished rooms for gentlemen.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SEVENTH, 192 (Girard House)— Sunny rooms;
also 1 large unfurnished room; reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 136— One large front room suitable for
business; also other rooms.
STEVENSON. 409. and Mint aye., 22, near
Fifth— Sunny furnished rooms: grate: $1 up.
STEVENSON, 790— Furnished room for 2 gen-
tlemen; $6 per month; sunny.
TURK, 303>4— Parlor floor; 3 unfurnished rooms,
$17; furnished {20; bath.
TURK, 543 — Nice clean sunny room, gas, bath,
$1 50 per week; also 1 for $1 per week.
BOARDING AND ROOSIS.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room. J4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
GEARY, 822— Front suite, suitable for doctor
or dentist; single rooms; board optional.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooma; ex-
cellent board; reasonable; table board.
POST, 60S, near Mason— Pleasant sunny rooms,
with excellent board: meals at all hours.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front suite; bath; excellent board.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family: board opt'l.
RESTAURANTS.
PERINI'S, 16 Mason st.— French dinner. 50c;
lunch. 25c or a la carte: pri. rms. for ladles.
CAMPI'S Restaurant: any 2 16c dishes, with
small coffee. 25c. 10S-8 O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDIS French dinner. 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'FarreU.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
rream pirlnr. W3:-> Mnrket : popular Prices
(llll.niii; BOARDED.
YOUNG couple would like child to board; rea-
sonable; best of care. 929 Vi Shotwell St.,
near Twenty-fourth.
GOOD home for children, $S per month. 210
Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
STORES TO LET.
STORE and 2 living rooms; cellar: gas fixtures;
large show window. Apply 417VJ Third st.
OFFICES TO LET.
DESK room for rent cheap. COWING & CO.,
99.-) Market wt.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A WHITNEY hammerless 10- bore Damascus
shotgun, $J0; worth $75. At Uncle Harris', 15
Grant aye.
TO Sheriffs and others — Nearly new English
made revolver; also shotgun. A., box 826,
Call Office.
DRILL press, boring machine, 20-lnch planer
and emery grinding machine. 1634 Mission.
THREE or four fine family milch cows and
calves. J. F. PERLE, Angel Island.
TAILOR'S tools for sale cheap. 726 Washing-
ton Bt.
A 48x16 RETURN tubular boiler, complete. _ co
owner, WHITE, 516 Mission st.
Mercy Mineral Water Co.. Oakland. Cal. ; natural
cure for female complaints, stomach, kidney,
liver, bowel disorders, rheumatism;sampl;wrlte.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1013-IU2I-1023 Mission st.,
above Sixth.
CREAMERY machinery for sale; a bargain:
almost new; latest type separator, boiler, en-
gine, etc.; sold Separately or together. Apply
box 447, Petaluma, Cal.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission St., near 15th.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
. page; saves power. Cal. Belt Co., H9 Mission.
PRENTICE lathe, screw cutting; full set of
attachments. See owner, 728 Capp st.
SAFES— AII slzew new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento St.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Beale st.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower, $100; 2. $125;
3. $150; 4, $175. SMITH CO., 6*7 Mission St.
POLYPHONE, $35; attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
SAFES — Bargains In new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, pontpald. for $1 per year.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for furnishing all the furniture,
fixtures, finishes, etc., for the Hall of Justice
and Morgue buildings.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, April 4, 1899.
In accordance with resolution No. 25X7
(Fourth Series) of the Hoard of Supervisors,
Fealed proposals will be received in open ses-
sion of the Board of Supervisors on MON-
DAY AFTERNOON, April 17, 1599, from 2:30
to 3 o'clock, for furnishing all the furniture,
fixtures, finishes, etc., fur the Hall of Justice
and Morgue buildings, in strict accordance
with the plans and specifications prepared by
Messrs. Shea & Shea, architects, and filed In
the office of the clerk of the Board of Super-
visors on April 3, 1899, copies of which can
ba seen by Intending bidders at office of
Messrs. Shea & Shea, architects, at No. 26
Montgomery street.
Bidden will bid on this work with the un-
derstanding that nil the material mentioned
in the specifications/shall be manufactured In
the State of '•■■ilifrfrnia. and that all labor
necessary In the manufacture of said mate-
rial and all labor necessary in the erection
and completion of the work mentioned In the
specifications shall be performed by parties
residing in the State of California.
And It Is to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
persons employed on the above work, and
that the minimum rate of wages to be paid
shall be two ($2) dollars per day.
Bidders will also be required to Biibmit with
their bids a certified check on some bank in
the city and county of San Francisco in a
sum equal to one-tenth (1-10) of the amount
of their bid, and the party or parties to
■whom the contract or contracts may be
awarded will be required to enter Into a bond
In a cum equal to one-fourth ('4) of the
amount of their contract, signed by two or
more good and sufficient sureties, to be ap-
proved by the Board of Supervisors, for the
faithful performance of tne contract.
Bidders will estimate and state a price on
the following subdivisions of the material to
be supplied and work performed, to wit:
First— For all furniture, including all metal
grill work In connection with same; metal
railings for prisoners' docks; all courtroom
and other railings; hardware; metal shelving
and vault doors; ventilators, Bertillon sys-
tem- photographic appliances and kitchen fur-
niture.
Second— For gas and electric combination
fixtures.
Third— For water filtering system.
Fourth— For tinting and decorating.
Fifth— For electrical apparatus, switch
board and telephone Bystem.
Bidders will bid with the distinct under-
standing that separate contracts will he
awarded for each class to the lowest respon-
sible bidder.
For any further information required as to
receiving copies of plans and specifications
bidders will apply to the architects, Messrs.
Shea & Shea.
The party or parties to whom each one of
the contracts may be awarded will be re-
quired, prior to or at the time of the execn-
tlon of said contracts, to pay one-fifth the
cost of advertising this and a former notice
in three dally newspapers, and each success-
ful bidder to also pay the cost of the publi-
cation in the official newspaper of the reso-
lution awarding him his contract.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check on pome bank in the city and county
of San Francisco in a sum equal to one-
tenth (1-10) of the bid deposited by the bid-
der with his bid and marie payable to the
clerk of the Board of Supervisors, conditioned
if the proposal be accepted and the contract
awarded, and If the bidder shall fall or
neglect to pay the. printing charges, execute
the contract and give the required bond with-
in six days after the award is made, then and
in that case the said sum shall be collected
and paid into the Cltv and County Treasury
by said clerk as liquidated damages for such
failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so remilres.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
4 Montgomery Street.
INVESTMENTS.
FREMONT ST., near Mission— l37%xl37%; cov-
ered with frame buildings; rents nominal;
in the wholesale district; $140,000.
FREMONT 5T.— 45:10x137%. between' Market
and Mission; rents $335 per month; $oo,OOU.
BE ALE ST., between Market and Mission—
91:8x1371/4; renting well and can be made to
pay better if new building is erected; $80,000.
STEUART ST.— Water lot between Market and
Mission; $16,500.
EAST-ST. L0T— 45:10x137%. facing new ferry
depot; a good investment if kept vacant; a
better investment if built on; $40,000.
LARKIN ST.— Corner two-story and basement
building; rents ?140; $25,000.
LARKIN ST.— Three-story and basement build-
ing; rents $90; $17,000.
GOLDEN GATE AYE. property, near Leaven-
worth 5t.— 60x137%; frame buildings; rents
$105; $35,000.
EDDY ST., near Mason— 3oxl37%; frame build-
ing; $32,500.
CORNER ON GOLDEN GATE AYE., down-
town; 80x187%; $46,000.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
4 Montgomery Street.
FOR SALE — Gottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot
25x114; warm belt of the Mission. GEO. W.
lI. PATTERSON & CO., 1706 Market St.
GREATEST bargain in the State (one week
only)— 8 acres Improved; Fruit vale; cost $8000,
for $3150; $1200 cash, balance can remain.
Delicacy store and harness shop^ on Mis-
Bion St.; rent $10 and $20; income home of
80 acres Santa Cruz County, for exchange.
A. W. ROBINSON, 22% Geary St., room 27.
$1600— COZY: new; 4 rooms: bay-window house;
10 foot brick basement; stable. 1439 Shotwell.
$1000 WILL buy lot 50x120 on Point Lobos aye..
between 23d and 24th sts. ; also 2 lots 25x100
each on 31st aye. between I and H sts. W.
P. RYAN, 960 Seventh St., Oakland.
$2500 — NEARLY new 2-story modern house:
perfect order; terms. GEO. W. CHAPIN, 11
Montgomery st.
OFFER wanted — Mission property; modern flat
and 3 stores: brick foundation, etc.: rents
ICO per month; no agents. Box 785, Call.
MOXEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whola; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call CB-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, wHhout
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission Bt., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies b'^jght; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. I.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. : telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
I'.'i.N'ELLI, Conservatory bdlg., 130 Powell Rt.
BORROW money on indorsed paper or your
ealary: small loans a specialty: any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d and Jessie.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
• statrs a specialty. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT- RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LI<~K. 116 McAllister «t.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Drydpn, 413 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST nnd best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any addrpss In the
Vnlted Ptatps or Canada one ysar for $1,
rioFtaee paid.
MOXEY WANTED.
PARTY wishes to borrow $100 and will give
ecurlty. CaU pypnlncs. 4<H Polk st.
FINANCIAL.
$30 PER share— ls shares Realty Syndicate; cap-
ital stock, par valu,e, $100 each. 840 Seven-
teenth st., Oaklantf.
MONEY to loan— Real estate. 2d mortg., chat-
tels, ftp. Harper & Krelcor, 312 Errmroiner big.
E XPERT^OPTICI A NS,
THE wrong glasses will ruin the strongest
eyes; any sensation of pain is warning;
Mayerle's glasses relieve headache, painful
smarting, itching, discharging, burning,
twitching, scratching, Inflamed eyes and
failing sight; Danger Signals and Mayerles
Self-fitting System mailed free: write to-day.
GEO. MAYERLE. German Expert Optician,
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians lnriH Market st.. Han Francisco.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS DR. WYETH, 542 Post &t.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p.»m. ; Sunday; 10 to 12 and 2 to 4p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all thoße who are elck or discour-
aged should fall on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential: satlsfaetion-i?uaranteed,
without injury to health, or money refunded,
by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin: office hours. 10 to 12, 2 to 4
nnd 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
et»; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market st. ;
pills, $1: very strong, $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parlies
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladles' physicians for 37 years; see us.-
IP POPPER ami DRS., 31S Kearny Bt.
A ;i: ■, \V. O'DONNKUU world-renowned
feir.a!° specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell haa
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023% Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure In
i\ hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance: pills, $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $".; travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market. St.. between
Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 6, 7 to 8 p. m.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
a y e . — Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate: regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; infants adopted into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs; over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours 9:SO to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and
7 to 9 p. m.
LADlES— Chichester' s English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars:
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phila.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
Bt. : $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 631 X 6t., Sacramento, Cal.
AI.I'EAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure: J2 50;
expressed C O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. lllS Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
PRIVATE home in confinement; best refs.;
1540% Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
MRsTdR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement";
best of care. 852 Castro, cor. 7th, Oakland.
DR. WONGI HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons,, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
PI'LLIVAN fc DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
NEW rich land near city; email and large
tracts; 2150 acres sola to 120 families ; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO., SO2 California St., 8. F.
MILL Valley— For sale, house, furnished or un-
furnished. . Apply 526 Turk st. ■
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN, Cottonwcod. Shasta County, Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages,. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per. year.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
Baying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
AN experienced English teacher will take a
few private pupils; particular attention given
to nervous and backward pupils and to la-
dles and gentlemen, whose education has
been neglected. Box 830, Call.
MERRILL-MILLER college; shorthand, typing;
individual instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day. eve. Rms. 672-8 Parrott bldg.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market, st. ;
shorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc. ; life
scholarship, $50: low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Kllh= system: sunny rooms; low rates; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arch!.; day & eve.;
eet. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof. De Fillppe's
Academy of Languages, 320 Post? ablest profs.
MARGARET JACKSON, professor piano, har-
mony, voice culture. Studio 523 Turk st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. -> V:; :
_^J LOST. j^j
LOST— Easter, lady's old-fashioned gold
watch and fob, bet. Mission and Golden Gate
Park. Reward, 807& Valencia st. _^^
LOST — A lady's tan purse, containing •$$ 50 in
money and a S. P. R. R. pass. Keep money
and return pass to 2615 Buchanan St., S. F.
LOST— Between Fifth and Harrison and Pow-
ell and Market sts., a purse with a small
sum of money and latch key. Reward, 209
Clara st.
LOST — Locket containing lady's picture, Sun-
day evening at Alcazar Theater. Suitable
reward if returned to 623V4 Post st.
LOST— A diamond locket; initials "E. W. W."
Liberal reward. Room 410. Parrot building.
CAMEO fob. Suitable reward will be paid at
1312 Washington st.
— From dray, a flask of quicksilver, from
railroad to Golden Gate warehouse. Return to
Stetson-Renner Drayage Co., 409 Battery st.
Reward.
LOST— Small blue and tan dog, named "Little
Man." Return to Haquettee, Palace of Art.
16 Post St.: 110 reward.
_____
FOUND.
FOUND— A watch near San Anselmo station,
Marln County; 984; the owner can have the
same by addressing HENRY O'SHEA, San
Francisco Postoffice.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post Bt., cor. Powell; tel. Main 571 J.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
Ing. advance, etc. 735 Market: tel. Black 31L
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A— ss MONTHLY rental for a nice chicken
ranch; 4 large chicken- houses, fine broodery,
4 nests, 12 compartments; 6-foot high wire
fencing; very complete for immediate busi-
ness; will Bell, if desired, at a bargain; a
few lots left unsold, $75 upward; $5 cash, $5
monthly; will make special terms If desired;
Allendale settlement. East Oakland; 63 fam-
ilies within 2 years have located and own
their homes; streets all graded, some are
macadamized; near a fine 3-story school house
and 3 electric car lines, and also a 90-foot
wide boulevard; Bite, climate and soil the
. very best; no fogs nor cold winds here. Call
or send for circular, 455 Seventh St., near
Broadway. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner. .
FOR — Three modern houses, 8 rooms, just
finished; cor. Grove and Albion sts.; cash or
• installments, or take lot as first payment.
WM. MANN, 3d & Washington sts., Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, IS pares, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year •. for $1.
postage paid. ' "
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
LADY In Fruitvale having pleasant home.
wishes to board and room four business you.i#t
ladles; references exchanged. MRS. C. JAS-
PER, Fruitvale P. O . . -
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1000— Lot 60x125; house 5 rooms; good location.
$2200 — 75x150; cottage, 5 rooms; Central aye.
$3500— Elegant house, 8 rooms; large lot;
Grand st., near San Antonio aye.
$3300 — 50x150; new 8-room house; Morton street
station.
Choice lot on Chestnut St.. near San Joss
aye., $22 per foot; to exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; splendid 7-room cottage; at
Morton street station.
The above are In best locations and can be
bought on terms to suit; convenient to trains
and schools. ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
■- .7 .-■■■'■ 1500 Park st., Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
San Francisco Office. 30 Montgomery st.
16000— HANDSOME house and lot. 57x140; 9
rooms. NE. corner Santa Clara and Paru.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
John Schmidt and Petra E. L. Albrecht... 27-25
Ivan de Malchin and Elfrida Cone 28-26
J. E. Handley and Mary W. Deable 27-22
Jose J. Sores and Isabella Barba 45-44
Pack Sluch and Jennie Ponilo 30-15
William J. Miller and Mary J. Nelson 28-24
Alfred W. Schwartz and Nellie Clarke 33-21
John Murrane and Mary Craig 28-28
George. Callahan and Lillian Dormer 30-34
Thomas Nlcholls and Nancy A. Harker.... 3B-30
J. F. Palmier! and Celestlna M. Giacopetti. 22-18
Albert W. Lefeber and Julia A. Kohn 33-23
John L. White and Camllle D. Palmer..
F. A. Drlscoll and Cathyrn M. P0u150n... .31-21
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices' sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BARE— In this city. March 23, 1899. to the wife
of Sol Bare, a daughter.
CONRAD— In this city, April 2. 1899, to the
wife of William J. Conrad, a daughter.
DEL MONTE— this city. March 23, 1599. to
the wife of Tony Del Monte, a son.
WEDDE— In this city, April 2, 1899, to the wife
of Harry G. Wedde, a son.
WILLIAMS— In Stockton. March 28 1899. to the
wife of Richard T. Williams, a son.
„__ "married.
SCHAEFER— FIEDLER— In this city, April 2.
1599. by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, Adam
J. Schaef er and Fannie E. H. Fiedler, both
of San Francisco.
SHARP— SMITH— In this city, March 30, 1899,
lsy the Rev. Philip Coombe. Edward N. Sharp
of Walnut Grove and Julia Smith of Clover-
dale. .
DIED.
Bailey, Nathan J. Knox, Emile T.
Brown, Evenllna Lnthrop, ' Henry C.
Delaney. James E. McCullough, Robert
Del Monte. George J. McKay. Alexander S.
Dodge, John L. O'Connor. Mary B.
Fallon, ■ Annie Osborn, Margaret
Farley, Mary Plumb, George r-i," .
Frank. Herbert S. Remicks. Hannah J.
Gregory, William Rosenberg Frederlcka
Hasan. Mary Schultz. . William
Haskins. Lily Shaw. William
Hausecke. Robert Straub. Dennis
Hunter. Elizabeth C. Toklas, Johanna
Irwin. Charley H. White, Phlllippa
Kelly, John H.
BAILEY— In this city, April 2, 1899. Nathan J.,
relict of Margaret E. Bailey (nee McCabe),
and beloved father of Emma Bailey, a native
of Vermont, aged 56 years.
ITJ'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late real-
dence. 11l Perry street, thence to St. Rose's
Church for services. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city, April 2. 1899. at rest,
Evenlina Edith, beloved and only child of
Mrs. Cornelia A. and the late Hon. George
Crozier Brsjwn.
DELANEY-In this city. April 2. 1R99, James
E., beloved husband of Lillie Delaney, son of
the late James and' Bridget Delaney, and
brother of John, Mary, William, Frank and
Margaret Delaney, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 23 years.
(LTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tp attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
street, thence to St. Rose's Church, where
a solemn requiem high mass will he cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DEL MONTE-In this city, April 3. 1899, George
Joseph, son of Tony and Ella Del Monte, a
native of San Francisco, aged 11 days.
DODGE— In this city, April 3, ISO 9. John Louis,
dearly beloved and only child of J. L. and
Phoebe Dodge, and grandson (if Mrs. R. M.
Dodge and Mrs. L. Nolte, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 months and 15 days.
FALLON— In this city. April 2. 1899, Annie,
beloved mother of J. J. Fallon, a native of
Scotland, aged 63 years.
(C?"Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7<w Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FARLEY— In this city, April 2. 1899, Mary Far-
ley, dearly beloved wife of Patrick Farley,
and beloved sister "f Mrs. George Porter and
Mr«. W. P. Cooks, a native of County Wtx-
ford, Ireland, aged 4S years.
ICT'Frienrls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 209 Tehama street, between Third and
Fourth, thence to St. Patrick's Church, Mis-
sion street, between Third and Fourth, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
FRANK— In Callstoga, April 2. 1899, Herhert 3..
beloved son of Fred C. and Camille Frank, a
native of Sulsim. aged 12 years and 1 month.
([^'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), from Third and Townsend streets
by 10:40 o'clock train. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery.
GREGORY— In the Philippines, March 25, 1599.
William Gregory, beloved nephew of M. R.
Courtney of San Francisco, aged 26 years.
HAGAN-In this city, April 2. 1899, Mary, be-
loved daughter of John and the late Mar-
garet Hagan, mother of William and John
McKenzle, and sister of William. Philip and,
Daniel Hasran, a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years 1 month and 22 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
tfullv invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 'J Nntnma street. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HASKINS— In the City and County Hospital.
April 2. 1898, Lily Haskins, a native of Ca-
nada, aged 27 years..
HAUSECKE— In this city, April 3. 1899, Robert
Hausecke, a native of Germany, aged 44 years
3 months and 12 days. A member of North
Beach Lodge No. 9. O. d. H. S.
[CTRernains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1209 Mission street, near Eighth.
HUNTER— In this city, April 2. 1R99. Elizabeth
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of Robert E.
Hunter, beloved mother of Richard E., Ed-
ward C., John W.. Richard C. Albert P..
Julian J. and Ida M. Hunter, and sister of
Frank and Carry Huntt, a native of West
Virginia, aged 4". years.
EyThe funeral will take plrce this day
(Tuesday), from her late residence, 2970
Twenty-sixth street, between Bryant and
Floricja. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
IRWIN— In Western Australia. April 2. 1599,
Charley H., beloved son of William and Re-
becca Irwin, a native of San Francisco, aged
30 years.
KELLY— In this city. April 1, ISM, John H..
husband of Anna Kelly, father of George W.
and Harry J. Kelly and Mrs. Annie M. de
Vecehio, and brother of M. H. Kelly. Sister
Alrrhi'nsine Kelly, B. C, of Baltimore, and the
late Rev. Father Kelly, S. J.. a native of
Tipperary. Ireland, riK<,] 68 year?
E~?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite 1 t<> attend th" tuneral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1625 Grove street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Flllmore street, where a re-
quiem mass will l>e held for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KNOX— In this city, April 2. 1899. Emile Tem-
pest, beloved son of Mr. George T. and Es-
telle Knox. and brother of Mrs. Edith Uns-
worth and Mis> Carolyn and George J. Knox,
a native of San Francisco, aged 18 j'ears and
2 months.
tCTThr funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Igna-
tius Church, vher" a requiem mass will be
offered for the repose of his soul. Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
LATHROP— Henry Clay Lathrop, a native of
Albany, New York, departed this life at 8
p. m.. April 3, 1599, aged 54 years 10 months
and 14 days.
Fold him, O Father! in Thine arms.
And let him henceforth be
A messenger of love between
Our human hearts and Thee.
Brother of Mrs. Leland Stanford and Mr.
Charles G. Lathrop of San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, and Mr. Ariel Lathrop of Albany,
New York.
McCULLOT.'GH— In San Mateo County. April 2.
1599, Robert, dearly beloved husband of Ma-
mie McCullough, father of Harold McCul-
lough, beloved son of Patrick and the late
Agnes McCullough, and brother of Mamie
McCullough, Mrs. Charles Erickson and Mrs.
William McGrath, a native of San Francisco,
aged 26 years and S months. A member of
San Francisco Council No. 7, Y. M. I.
(tTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
dence, 1107 Treat avenue, thence to Pt. Peter's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy CroBS
Cemetery.
Y. M. I. — To the officers and members of San
Francisco Council No. 7, Y. M. I.: You ara
hereby notified to .attend the funeral of our
late brother, Robert McCullough, from hia
late residence, 1107 Treat avenue, between
Folsom and Harrison, Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth streets, to-morrow (Wednesday),
at 8:15 o'clock sharp. Fines for non-attend-
ance will be strictly enforced.
G. W. MURPHY. President.
G. M. KELLY, Rec. Sec.
McKAY— In this city, April 2. 1899, Alexander
S., beloved smi of Emma K. and Alexander
McKaV. a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year.
O'CONNOR— In this city, April 3. 1899, Mary
8., beloved wife of Thomas O'Connor, a na-
tive of Ireland.
OSBORN— In this city, April 1, 1599. Margaret,
relict of Henry Osborn, a native of Westport,
County Mayo, Ireland, aged 6S years.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at S:3O o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Co.. 20 Fifth street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the' re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PLUMB— In this city, April 2, 1899. George, be-
loved husband of Margaret Plumb, a native
Of Brighton. England, aged 64 years and 10
months.
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the par-
lors of N. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
REMICKS— In this city, April 3. 1899, Hannah
Jane, beloved wife of John F. Remicks, a
native of Prince Edwards Island, aged 28
years.
RORGNBERG— In this city, April 3, 1899. Fred-
erioka Rosenberg, beloved mother of Mrs. M.
Warschauer, Mrs. Celia Hagan and Mrs.
Freda Übrich of New York, a native of
Hanover, aged 90 years and 8 months. (Port-
land, Or., and New York papers please copy.)
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the- residence
of Mr. J. M. Kaufman, 2>24 Pine street. In-
terment private, Home of Peace Cemetery, by
11:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
SCHULTZ— In this city. April 3. 1899, William
Schultz, a native of Hamburg, Germany, aged
54 years 6 months and 3 days. A member of
Harmony Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. F., and Man-
zanita Tribe No. 4, Improved O. R. M.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets,
where funeral services will be held under th«
auspices of Harmony Lodge No. 13. I. O. O.
F. Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr A
Co., 12ii^ Mission street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
SHAW— In Stockton, March 31. ISS9. William
Shaw, formerly known as Willie Sims, be-
loved son of Elizabeth Shaw, a native of Eng-
land, aged 48 years.
(C7"FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother, ISOB Taylor street, between Green
and Union. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
STRAUB— In Alameda, April 1, 1899. Dennis
Straub. a native of Wurtemberg, Germany,
aged 76 years 6 months and 22 days.
ICTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1617 Hibbard street. Grand street sta-
tion. Interment orivate. Mountain View
Cemetery- Please omit flowers.
TOKLAS— In this city, April 2, 1899, Johanna,
beloved daughter of Nathan and Laura Tok-
las of Suokane, Wa,sh., and sister of Vera
Toklas, a native of Spokane, aged 4 years 11
months and 2 days.
ICT Notice of funeral hereafter .
WHITE— In this city, April 3, 1899, Philltppa
Whife. dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Ella
Mountain, Mrs. Anna Readion and John,
Henry, George, Oscar and Walter White, a
native of Cornwall, England, aped 60 years
4 months and 1 day.
~HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South SO.
1112
A MINING MAN
FIRED UPON BY
AN ASSASSIN
Walter E. Sell Shot at as He Sat
in His Dining Room in East
Berkeley.
The Bloodthirsty Visitor Missed His Mark,
but Made Good His Escape in the
Dark, Leaving Behind a Threat
ening Letter.
WALTER E. BELL, a well-known
mining man. secretary of Charles
D. Lane of the Utica mine, is
practically intrenched in his cot
tage at East Berkeley, fearful every mo
ment of hearing the crack of the revolver
of an unknown assassin. He was made
the target last Friday night for one bui
let and knows not when the next, better
aimed, may find lodgment in his body.
Sell is a man well past 60 years of ape.
};• lives at 221' i Ellsworth street in a
vine-embowerrd cottage, around which
teem to linger nothing but airs of peace.
He is a well-known citizen of the com
munity and, as far as he will say. has
no enemy with a grievance sufficiently
deep to call for bloodshed. With all this
the first bullet has been sped at his life,
and. he fears, the next may reach the
mark. Hr was so prostrated by the shock
he received Friday night that he is a
sick man now. and another attempt of
the fame kind may succeed, even if the
missile flies wider from the mark than
the first.
Sell was sitting in the dining room of
his residence on the night named, talking
with a visitor, whose name cannot be ob
tained. They sat close to the table and
between it and the open window of the
dining-room, which opens into the gar
den at the side. The thought of danger
was not in tho mind of either man, when
they were startled from their Beats by the
loud report of some weapon. A bullet
■whizzed between the head of Sell and
his companion, followed by a puff of
Bmoke and a splintering noise ns the bul
let buried Itself in the woodwork of the
opposite wall above them.
For a moment neither man spoke. They
were both paralyzed from the shock, and
The Victim and the Scene of the Crime of the Unknown Assassin.
■wh<-n they did recover, the first impulse
They rushed
Into the hallway and. after a moment,
hearing no further hostile demonstration,
returned to the dining, room, which still ;
smelted r.f the smoke of the would-be
In's ri volver.
Mr. Bell, who Is tint in th» most robust
of health, was Buffering greatly from the j
nd was compelled to
firop Into a chair, while his friend, a
more vigorous mat I to make
an Investigation.
On the.sill "f the window through which
the slv.t was fired was found a note ad
dressed to "Walter K. Bell." advising him
to have upon his person the sum of $'-W
would meet him and de
mand that amount. The finding of thi*
missive confirmed the suspicion of S< H
and his friend that the shot had been
fired at tli- mining man. whether or not
to kill Is yei an open quei U< a. The loud
r>!'" r '- followed bj the smoke in the
room, Indicated that the bullet had been
sped at short range. The fact, too, that
arden at the side is narrow and the
window high showed that the person who
tired th<- shot had crawled Into the gar
den while Bell and his friend were talk
ing, crept up to the window, left the note
whef> it could t>e found and dißCharg< d
his weapon point blank.
This last fact, coupled with the leaving
of the r,ot<\ is taken by the detect! 1
whom the case was reported to Indicate
that the shooter meant to scare Sell, not
to kill him. his ultimate object being to
approach the terrified man later and bleed
him for money.
Whoever the man was and whatever h)3
motive, he left no trace behind him but
the noto. A search was made of the
fcarden after the shot had been fired, but
no sign of the unknown visitor could be
found. He had disappeared into the
night.
It was an easy thins for the shooter to
do this, and he probably figured closely
on the effect of his shot on Sell before he
fired it. Several minutes elapsed ere the
friend of the prostrated mining; man got
into the garden, and by that time the un
known miscreant had made his way into
the shadows made fry the trees in that
section of East Berkeley.
The assault was reported soon after Its
occurrence to Marshal Lloyd of Berkeley,
and later in the night he paid a visit to
the scene, but could discover no clew to
the bloodthirsty visitor. Saturday morn
ing Mr. Sell detailed the occurrence to his
attorney, John M. Whitworth. and on his
ced the matter In the hands of
letectlve agency in this city.
Since then Mr. Sell has been practically
barricaded in his home, and nightly suf
fers the most agonizing apprehensions.
He has a male companion constantly with
him, who is very careful to whom he
opens the door.
Mr. Sell's countenance and demeanor
last night betrayed the fact that he was
still suffering from the visit of last Fri
day night. Admittance was only gained
to his home after repeated ringings at
the doorbell, which were answered by a
burly man, who appeared to act as body
guard. ,
Sell seemed greatly perturbed that the
facts should be made public. In his effort
to quiet the affair he asked his caller to
accompany him around the corner, where
his attorney, John M. Whltworth, was
attending a meeting. Preceded by his
bodyguard Sell left the house. Before he
descended the steps he fastened the door
and delayed leaving until his companion
had reached the foot of the stairs. The
latter then lighted a match and by its
flare he narrowly searched the garden, as
if he half expected to rind some one hid
den among the foliage.
Bell was greatly disappointed to find j
that his attorney had left the meeting j
house, as it necessitated his going around
to Mr. Whitworth's home. Despite the.)
fai-t that the latter's house was In dark
ness and that his counsel might hay
tired, Sell boldly walked up the stairs
and loudly rang the bell. While waiting
for an answer to the ring the bodyguard
volunteered the information that he was
with Mr. Seii at the time the shot was
fired. He stated that they were seated
in the dining-room, but refrained from
saying more, as his employer looked
warnlngly at him.
Mr. Whitworth admitted his visitor to
the hallway anil the latter quickly whis
pered the reason for' his untimely visit
and asked his advice. Whitworth stated
that he was surprised that the affair had
pot out, as he know it was only known
to a few. He thought that some impru
dent person bad given out the informa
tion and he seemed to regret it exceed
ingly.
"While I don't object to having the mat
ter given to the world at this time." he
said, "yet I think to publish It now would
defeat the ends of justice. The detectives
are working on the clews that we have in
our possession and are likely to solve the
mystery shortly."
Bell thereupon positively declined to
give his version of the shooting or the
causes that led tip to it. He declared that
if he were to make any statement it
would defeat the efforts of the detectives
who were searching for the would-be
murderer.
LIVE BUSINESS MEN.
The Repavement of Valencia Street
Their First Consideration.
The repavement of Valencia street,
from Market to Twenty-sixth, with bi
tumen is the great aim of the Business
Men's Association of the Mission. At a
meeting of the directors of the associa
tion, held in Turner's Hall on Eighteenth
streets last night, with L. A. Souc in the
chair. Secretary Harrison read the fol
lowing communication from the Mer
chants' Association: '.'•..
E. S. Harrison, Esq., Secretary Mission Busi
ness Men's Association— Dear Sir: Your com
munication of the 2Sth uit. was submitted to
President Dohrmann. He desires to advise your
association that the petition for the rs;ave
ment Hi Valencia i-treei will be considered with
similar pi-..;.. ii» under the resolution of the
}}<ar<l of Supervisor* No. 2570. At the quarterly
meeting of y the Merchants' Association ' last
Thursday evening this trust proposed by the
Board ol aiipefvuittra was accepted by the Mer
, chants' Association •■- a. public duty. As soon
as a deflnits plan of proceeding la arranged the
arguments of the Mission Business Men's Asso
ciation In. favor of the r« pavement of Valencia
street will be gladly received.
President Dohrmann expects to go to Los
Anpeles early next week, and' does not think it
advisable to have the proposition presented to
the street committee now, as all these matters
have been referred to the consideration and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 4, 1899.
opinion of the Merchants' Association. Sin
cerely yourp,
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
J. RICHARD FRErP, Secretary.
This communication was Joyfully re
ceived by the directors present, as it
gave them some assurance that their
claim for recognition and the objects in
view would be fairly considered by their
brothers of the mercantile community,
who are organized for the improvement of
the city.
Secretary Harrison drew the attention
of the directors to the action of the elec
tric light company in stopping the work
begun in placing electric lamps on th»
street crossings of Mission, Howard. Fol
som and other prominent streets in the
Mission. He informed the directors that
appropriations had been made for this
purpose. hul when Mayor Phelan vetoed
the contract, the electric company with
drew its men from the work. It was the
unanimous expression of the directors
that the work should be continued in
view of tho fact, as stated by Secretary
Harrison, that the money had been ap
propriated for that specific purpose.
MILK AND GORE MIXED.
Mission Toughs Engage in a Street
Broil Which Ended in Prison.
The sidewalk and a portion of the street
at Nineteenth and J-aptdge was dyed in
crimson and white yesterday afternoon.
This state of affairs was brought about
by throe toughs, who were in company
With as many young women when August
"Harry" and Lawrence Owens drove up
in a milk wagon. To see a man drive a
milk wagon— or, in fact, perform any
manual labor— was distasteful to the men
of leisure, so they commenced to guy the
drivers.
The young men in the wagon wouldn't
stand the insults, and as a result there
was a fight in less time than it takes to
tell it. Harry and one of the hoodlums
named Meehan started in to polish each
other's countenance off in the most ap
prove.-] pugilistic fashion. The dairyman
proved to be the better slugger and was
a h< ad" i n his opponent when
Joseph Gallagher and Edward Sullivan,
who were up to this time entertaining
the females, took a hand in the sport.
This brought Owens into the ring to as
sist his companion.
Weapons being scarce he seized a milk
can and struck Meehan over the head,
inflicting a severe scalp wound, whjch
was dressed at the City and County Hos
pital. The noise attracted the attention
of Sergeant Griffith and Officers Watts
and Robinson to the scene. The flghters
were hustled off to the Seventeenth street
station, where they were hooked for tight -
Ing "ii ill" public street. Thr women re
tire d, apparently much delighted with
their afternoon's matinee.
Bargains in pictures, framps. onyx
lamps ami tables at Sanborn & Vail's, 741
Mark.-t street. •
ACCUSES A WOMAN.
A. W. Stern Has Mrs. Coleman Ar
rested for Burglary.
Vivian Coleman, a married woman, was
arrested last night on a warrani charg
ing her with burglary. The complaining
witness is A. \v. Stern, who conducts a
stationery store at n. r i4 Golden Gate avo
nup.
According to his sworn statement, he
temporarily left his st«.re in cnarge of
Mrs. Coleman on December 8 last, and
wlnii lie returned a few hours later he
was surprised to flnd a tin box. which
bad contained $>v>, broken open and the
contents gone.
Suspecting that Mrs. Coleman had
taken the money, ho accused her of the
theft. The woman indignantly denied
thai she hart rifled the bos and at once
Informed her husband <>f Stern's reflection
on her honesty.
Failing to pot a tracp of the stolen
money and convinced that Mrs. Coleman
had taken it. Stern yesterday visited the
Police Court and swore to a complaint
charging her with burglary.
An Ex-Soldier Missing.
Mr?. Young, who lives at fi'V7 Geary
street, has enlisted the services of the
police in finding her husband. William H.
Young. He left home last Tuesday morn
ing to go to the Emporium, where be la
employed, and has not been seen since.
Young was a member of the First Wash
ington Regiment, but was discharged
Bhortly after the war with Spain. His
wife, who is a cripple, is in destitute cir
cumstances.
Two Bad Boys in Prison.
Roy Walton, aged 11, and Charles
Dougherty, aged 14 years, were booked at
the Seventeenth street station yesterday
by Detectives Graham and Fitzgerald for
a public institution. The lads have for a
long time been annoying owners of teams
in the Mission by stealing whips and
horse blankets. When arrested they had
a pair of blankets in their possession
which they had stolen but a few minutes
previously.
Sent to San Quentin.
'".. W. lleipn n, convjeted of an attempt
to commit burglary, was sentenced to
two years in San Quentin yesterday by
Judge Cook. On January 25 the defendant
endeavored to enter the dwelling of Mary
Kelly at 1 14 McAllister street, but was
ai rested in th> art.
DINNER SET DAY.
Some Bets cut 60 per cent.
Some seta cut 60 per cent.
$3 75, $4 85. >5 35. $S 25. $7 85 per set
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
DECLINED TO
ASSIST BURNS
IN HIS FIGHT
Herrin Acted Without the Sanc
tion of the Southern
Pacific.
General Hubbard Says No Railroad Money
Was Used — Edward F. Searles Ar
rives After a Long
Absence.
y^-NENERAL THOMAS H. HTJBBARD, vice president of the
In Southern Pacific Company, confiims the statement of President
Collis P. Huntington that W. F. Herrin's support of the can
didacy of Dan Burns for United States Senator was without the
sanction of the Southern Pacific Company. On being interviewed
regarding the matter General Hubbard said:
"I don't think Southern Pacific influence was used in the Sen
atorial fight in California. I know no money was used, ana I don't
think any influence was used by that company. The matter was
talked over long ago, and we decided we would do nothing for
Mr. Burns. It was decided to let him make his own campaign.
"I have read of the conference between John D. Spreckels of
The Call, M. H. de Young of the Chronicle t.nd Mr. Herrin. during
which the latter stated his preference for Mr. Burns as> a Senator
ial candilata. I suppose that Mr. Herrin was expressing his in
dividual preference. He was not representing the company. I don't
consider that we have atay right .o : . + erf ere in the politics of Cali
fornia or any other State. My dea is that the company should keep
out of politics, except in case of self-defense. It has the same right
to defend itself that an individual has. I wish they had elected a
Senator. It is a pity and unfortunate that California should be rep
resented by only one Senator f the next two years."
General Huhbard arrived from Now
York yesterday afternoon on a Bpeclal
train, accompanied by Edward 1". Searles,
whose interests he represents in the
Southern Pacific Company; I "avid K.
Rruce, a friend of Mi. Searles, and E. E.
Rudd. the general's stenographer. The
party has taken up quarters at the J'al
ace Hotel. They had scarcely hern domi
ciled when W. F. Herrin and Horace G.
Platt were announced as callers.
General Hubbard keeps himself fully
posted on all matters relating to the com
pany with which he is identified, even to
the smallest details, as was demonstrated
in the course of the interview had with
him. •
He stated that the reorganization \
scheme of the Central Pacific had been
nearly completed, as most of the stock
of that company had been deposited with
thf> hankers, to be exchanged for Smith
ern Pacific Company shares in equal num
ber, in order to Kiv«> ;iii the stockholders
an opportunity to cnme into the scheme
th.> time for the deposU of pharos had
been extended until May. The so-called
Santa Fe consolidation bill, passed by the
California Legislature, he said, would fa- 1
SHAFTER TELLS AGAIN
OF TORRAL'S SURRENDER
PRESBYTERIANS GIVE HIM A
ROYAL WELCOME.
A Brilliant Programme Is Rendered
at the Van Ness Avenue
Church.
General Rhafter was obliged tr> tell j
again last evening the tale of his victory
at Santiago, and although since it all i
happened he has told it times without
number ho has become none the better
speaker. He gave hia hearers simply the
plain unvarnished tale of how it all hap
pened.
This latest recital of the story of the
brave siege of Santiago and of Torals
surrender was occasioned by a reception
tendered the general last evening by the
congregation of the First. Presbyterian
Church, at the corner of Sacramento
street and Van Ness avenue. It was an
interesting story General Shatter told his
half a thousand hearers and interest In ;
what he had to say did not wane from
the first to the end of the three-quarters
of an hour it took to tell it.
The general, however, did not provide
all of the evening's entertainment There
was an excellently arranged programme
and s.'iiv good music to lend variety, be
sides the other concomitants of a hospita
ble evening and every one had a splendid
time and an opportunity to meet the San
tiago hero.
The evening's programme, which was
arranged and directed by Mrs. YV. B.
Harrington, was as follows:
"An "Mk i:i n Storm" Mr. Beaumont, Mr.
Reginald Travers; Mrs Beaumont, Mis.. Helen
Hlgby. a talk on the capture ol Santiago, ' ; n
.•rai Shatter, Introduced :>> Mis. Wlliard B.
Harrington Recitation, "The Battle Hymn o(
the Republic," Ah Uhn. Tableaux, ••■XT for the
\\n:' Mi.-s Townaend and Mr. Ragan; "The
Answer " Miss Bowman and Mr. Hargis; "The
Rough Rider's Surrender," Miss Heseiltine and
Mr J.mlun; "A Loving Message," Miss limit
arvl Mr. Mrkftts; "Tli* Jubilee," Miss An
drews .'lll.l :jr. Chervant; "Mubl it Be Qood
by?" Miss Bowman ami Mr. <iill»>sjiie; "After
the War Ts Over, Fighting it Over Again."
Mips Andrews and Mr. Jordan. "The Star-
Bpangled Banner," Mrs. Walter Fonda, aocom
panled on the piano by Mr. Harry Fonda.
Upon the completion of the programme
refreshments were served and it was
nearly midnight before General Shafter
was allowed in depart from among the
crowd thai pressed constantly around
him to offer congratulations and welcome
home. _
The Deaconesses Convene.
The first assembly of the deaconesses
of the Methodist church of the Pacific
Const w;is begun last evening at the Cen
tral Methodist Church on Mission street,
between Sixth and Seventh. Nearly every
Methodist church in the State was repre
sented.
The session was opened with prayer by
Rev. Dr. Bentley of Berkeley, and then
Rev. Charles Edward I-ocke, pastor of
the church, 'offered a hearty welcome to
the visiting members.
Miss Henrietta Bancroft of the Dea
connesses' Homo read an interesting paper
on woman's home missions and their
bearing on American civilization. After
benediction had been pronounced by Rev.
Dr. Urmy a reception to Miss Bancroft
and Mrs. Jane Bancroft Robinson, secre
tary and general executive officer of the
Deaconnesses' Home, was tendered by
the members of the congregation.
To-morrow's programme is as follows:
Forenoon— 9:3n, devotional. "The Field and
the Forces," Rev. John Stephens; 9:56, 'Toung
Women and the Deaconess Work": (a) "What
Young Women Should Enter the Work." Mis*
Mabel Lamb: (b) "What Othrr foung Women
f'nn Do for It," Miss Carrie Q. r>ftvis: 10:30,
"The Deaconess Work From tlio Bt&ndpolni ol
Experience." Misses Gates. Holbrook, Morri
son. Harvey, Potter and others; 11, address;
"The Work and the Methods of the Training
School," Mrs. Jane Bancroft Robinson.
Afternoon- 2. devotional, "Th<» Work and the
Workers," Rev. J H. N\ Williams; 2:2.. ,1
dres*, "National Expansion and Its Relation to
the Activities of the Church." Charles Edward
Lrtjcke. D.D. ; 2:50. ''Our Oriental Work on the
Pacific Coast": (a) address, "Achievement and
Outlook." Mrs. L. P. Williams; <b) paper,
"Personal Experience," Miss Marguerite Lak»;
Evening— 7:4s, song and prayer; S, paper, "So
cial Meals," Rockwell D. Hunt. Ph. D. ; 8:20,
cilltate the reorganization of the Central
Pacific, but was not necessary to it.
Nothing, s<> far as he knew, had been
said by the directors in reference to con-
Bolidating the other leased lines of the
m Pacific Company.
T. S. Stillman, his former law partner
present colleague on the Southern Pa
cific directorate, as a representative of the
ea Interest, has given up all active
connection, he said, with the affairs of the
Southern Pacific Company. This does not
!.■ i essarily mean, he added, that Stillman
would be superseded by some other per
son on the directorate of that company.
If.' had not heard the matter discussed,
but had seen publications In the papers,
in which the names of Horace <■. Platt
and Prince Poniatowski had heen men
tloned. General Hubbard had not talked
ticket with any of the other directors, nor
had the situation been canvassed. No
changes were likely to be made in the
offices or directorate of the company,
with the possible exception of electing a
new director to take the place of Still
man. He had not heard Mr. Bearles* name
mi utioned in that connection.
General Hubbard and Mr. Searles ex
pect to remain in California two or three
weeks. Mr. Searles has not been here for
about six years. He came o n the invita
tion of General Hubbard. and his visit is
said to have no particular significance in
connection with Southern I'aciiic affairs.
address, "The Place of the Deaconess in the
Church," Mrs. Jane Bancroft Robinson.
THROWN BY A CABLE CAR.
Mrs. Sawkins Testifies Against the
Market-Street Company.
The trial of the suit of Ethel D. and
Thomas Sawkins for $2'V M ""> damages
against the Market Street Railway Com
pany fame up or trial yesterday before
a jury in Judge Daingerfleld's department
of the Superior Court. Linforth & Whit
aker represented the plaintiffs and Gen
eral W. M. 1.. Barnes and Daniel A. Ryan
appeared for the railroad company.
The suit grows out of an accident on
March 23, 1898, when Mrs. Sawkins, in at
tempting to hoard a Hayes-street cable
car. was thrown violently to the ground
and. she claims, seriously and permanent
ly Injured by the sudden starting of the
car.
The company does not deny that she
was so thrown, but alleges that she was
not so badly injured as she charges. It
further seeks to prove thai the 'sudden
starting of the car was the result of an
accident that could not have been forc
e een.
The following jury was sworn to try the
case; a. Hubers, Joseph Cadenasso, The
odore Conn, P. 11. Knglebert, Timothy I.
o'Hrien. M. .1. Hogan, Charles A. E<*en
nett, Adolph Asher, William Johnston,',
B. l>. Kohlberg, W. .1. Levy, Richard A.
Hourne. Only two witnesses. Ashton Ste
vens and Mrs. Sawkins. had been exam
ined when the court adjourned till 10
o'clock this morning.
A DRUNKEN GOAT.
Report by the Arresting Officer as to
the lowa's Masco..
One of the mos4 amusing reports ever
submitted to a superior '■tiii er by a po
liceman w,is thai of Officer H. (;. Bkain
in connection with the arrest of the bat
tleship lowa's mascot goat parly yester-.
day morning. It was addressed to B( r
geant Ayers, and reads as follows:
"I arrested a black goat this morning
for disorderly conduct «t a wake "n Van
Ness avenue. The goat Is the mascot of
the battleship. lowa and got drunk last
night. About " this morning he weni Into
the undertaking rooms where the wake
was being held and made such a disturb
ance that police whistles were blown by
the people present. officers Joel, Green
and Special Office Wallace responded and
after :i desperate struggle managed to
f:et the goat to the patrol box and rang
or the wagon.
"I weni out mi the wagon and had quite
a circus. It was a case of nip and tuck
with the goal and myself on the way to
the station, hut I pot him In at last. Now.
sergeant, if any of the lowa's men come
for the goat and he is sober enough you
might let him go. as the officers told m«
they did not want to prosecute him. and
the people at the wake would he at the
funeral to-day and they could not ap
pear. "
The xont was released on his own recog
nizance at an early hour yesterday morn
ing and was taken to the battleship by
some of the crew.
Railway Employes' Entertainment.
San Francisco Club No. 1 of the Railway
Employes' Association gave its first quar
terly entertainment last evening in Na
tive Sons' building. Representatives of
every branch of the railway service in
the city to the number of more than a
thousand congregated in the banquet
hall and listened to a literary and musical
programme replete with choice selections,
which were received with much applause.
The entertainment opened with an ad
dress by D. L. Fitzgerald, president
of the club, and he was followed by H. 1,.
Banborn, chairman of the State advisory
boan] of the organization, who made a
strong appeal for* organization. At the
close of the regular programme F. V
Meyers, chairman of the grievance com
mittee, Locomotive Engineers, told of the.
great strength of the organization
throughout the State.
Flor de Heyneman.
Finest pure Havana cigar on the mar
ket. First-class stores have them on
sale. If your dealer does not carry them
send us $3 for a box of twenty-five Flor
deHeyneman Dellciosas, expressago pre
paid. State color wanted. Money refund
ed to you If cigars not satisfactory. Hey
neman. Brown & Co., 117 and 119 Pine
street, sole agents. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SOT Td
y y v
Witii Warm Shampoos
and light dressings of CUTICURA, purest of
emollient skin cures. This treatment at once
stops falling hair, removes crusts, scales and
dandruff, soothes irritated, itching surfaces,
stimulates the hair follicles, supplies the roots
with energy and nourishment, and makes the
hair grow. upon a sweet, wholesome, healthy
scalp when all else fails.
My scalp became full of white dandruff. It formed into a kind of crust
which, when scratched, would become irritated and bleed , then a crust would
form where it had been scratched. It itched so that I thought it would drive me
crazy, and I was ashamed to be in company. I had read a- great deal about
CUTICURA, and finally concluded to try it. I cannot express to you in words
the relief and happiness which I received upon the first few trials. Before retiring
I would wash my head thoroughly with CUTICURA SOAP and then take a fine
tooth comb and comb my hair very gently. " It seemed as though the CUTICURA
Ointment moistened the hard crust, and it came out in the fine teeth of the comb
in big scales and chunks. Then I washed my head again with CUTICURA
SOAP, rubbing the Ointment into the scalp, and when I awoke in the following
morning I felt like new. I have thick. luxuriant hair now since using the
CUTICURA treatment, and lam very proud of it I value your remedies verj-
highly and recommend them to all.
Bethany, Ohio, March 4th, 1899. J. F. GORSUCH. '
■pTTO'Ci AYR C WH? FT* an( free from every blemish is the skin,
rUl\£i JiiMJ &MJUL4JL scalp an( i.. hair cleansed, purified and
beautified by CUTICURA SOAP. It removes the cause of disfiguring erup-
tions,. loss of hair and baby blemishes— viz. : The clogged, irritated, in-
flamed, clugpish condition of tho PORES. CUTICURA SOAP, combines deli-
cate emollient properties derived from CUTICURA, tne great skin cure,
with the purest of cleansing ingredients and moat refreshing of flower
odors.. No other medicated soap ever compounded 's to be compared with
it for preserving, purifying and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair and hands.
No other foreign or domestic soap, howe/er expensive, is to be compared
■with it for all the purposes of the toilet, bath and nursery. Thus it com-
bines in ONE SOAP at ONE PRlCE— namely, £5 cents— the best skin and
complexion soap and the best toilet and baby so-ip in the world.
Speedy Cure Treatment for Itching, Burning, Scaly Humors. Hot Path!
with CUTICURA SOAP to Cleanse the Skin, gentle anointings with CUTICURA OINTMENT to
Deal th«»slttn: and mild dos<'S of CUTICIRA RESOLVENT to cool the blood. Sold throughout th«
world. Trice THE BET, 81.26; or SOAP, 25c.;. OINTMENT. 50c.; RESOLVENT, 60c POTTER
DRUG <t CHEM. COUP., Sole Traps., Bottoa. Send for "Uow to Have Beautiful Hair, Hand*
and Skin," free.
THE JOCKEY CLUB CASE.
It Will Be Tried Before Jiidge Muras
ky Next Friday.
The differences between the police and
the Pacific Coasi Jockey Club, or rather
the action of the club againsl the police
t.i enjoin the latter from Interfering with
"the regular course of business" at Tngle
side, did not go to trial hefnre Judge Mil
rasky yesterday us was anticipated. When
iii.' ■;is>' was called at the opening of the
morning session Attorney A.eh, who repre
sents tli' 1 club, and <;arr.'t McEnerney,
who is prosecuting the Interests of the
police, appeared in court and agreed that
the case go over till next Friday.
The date agreed upon was accepted by
Judge Murasky and on tliat day the ease
will go to trial <>n issues of fact. If the
police can pmvp thai the l'a<iti<- Coast
jockey t'lub is not a law-respecting cor
poration ttvn the club can have no relief
in thr court of equity. Doubtless thr po
lice can establish thr contention that the
club openly abetted illegal gambling and
in consequence will win thr action.
"The Trees of California."
Pr. W. T>. Jeppon of the University of
California delivered a lecture at the
Academy of Sciences last evening on
"The Trees of California." The profes
sor spoke on the excellent primeval f
conditions of the State, and then on the i
vast desolation which has occurred during i
the past few years. He urged that the
forestry laws be more strictly enforced
and that patrols be organised for that |
purpose.
In the Divorce Court.
Emma K. Starllard has horn granted a
divorce from William H. StarUard on the
ground of extreme cruelty. Mrs. Starl
lard \<-as Bbol by het husband and ho- j
verely wounded somo time ago in a
restaurant on Third street, and ho is at
present detained in the County Jail. The
husband's murderous assault on his wife
was the main ground of complaint, ami
ns the court considered it sufficient a
cree was rranted. Emma 1.. Tru I
has been granted a divorce from John w.
Trullinger on the ground ot desertion.
Marie B. Darius has sued her husband,
Christopher Darius, for a divorce, alleg
ing failure to provide as a cans.' of action.
Sarsfield Chronic Ulcer Salve, for the
treatment of ulcers and sores, Is a posi
tive cure. It has been a standard rem
edy for forty years. All druggists. •
Strong Drink is Death
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
• are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit. Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
WE <il'.-VKA.VTER FOUR BOXES
to cure any case with a positive written guar-
antee or refund the money, and to destroy th*
appetite for intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
STRONG DRINK and I>caMi/fypon > receln»
olnUnO Unlnßand »ratti. Upon receipt
of $10.00 rra win mail you four [4] boxes and posi-
Bye written c--i.-»r-'"'->- to cure or refund
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sol* Afta..
214 Kearny St.. San Francisco. , -r
Painless Dentistry.
B Fillings - • 50 cts
Crowns - - $3.50
fc 1 • **
ALL WORK
WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24Sixth St., Cor. Stevenson.