VOLUME LXXXV- NO. l«7.
CUBANS ALMOST READY
TO FIGHT AMERICA
OBJECT TO
THE PRESENT
GOVERNMENT
Americans More Favored
Than Men Who Fought
for Freedom.
NATIVES VERY SORE
Hefuse to Surrender Their Arms
and Threaten to Rebel Against
the United States.
Sjx al <able to The Call and the New York
Jiprald. Copyrighted. IW9, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, Cuba, May 15.—
The situation here has be
come most alarming. To
all appearances Cubans are about
to make armed manifestations
inst the United States and its
mode of governing the island, al
though the conservative element
still hopes for peaceful arrange-
ments.
This state of affairs, which was
brought abruptly to a head last
Saturday by a partial quarrel be
tween General Gomez and Gov
ernor General Brooke, has been
f< Tining for the last two months.
The first move lias been made by
the army. It will probably be
supported by many Cubans. Cu
bans in general argue that they
are being browbeaten by the |
Americans, who daily tighten |
their grip upon them. To a cer
tain extent this is true. Ameri
cans are more favored here by
Government officials daily while
each move of the Government,
such as the construction of a new
Postoffice, with its signs written
in English, tends to carry out the
assertion of Cubans that the
Americans are here to remain.
The army, which is really rep
resented, although many dispute
his authority, by General Gomez,
is particularly bitter against Gov
ernor Brooke and his policy. The
soldiers declare they have been
miserably fooled and trapped by
the Americans. They look upon
the exchange of a gun for $75 as
an ignominious transaction for
them, as they have not been de
feated by the Americans and con
KENSINGTON PALACE
GIVEN TO THE PUBLIC
LONDON, May 15.— Queen Victoria
arrived in London to-day from
"Windsor, accompanied by the
Duke and Duchess of York and
her suite, and drove to Kensing
ton palace, the party occupying a num
ber of open four-horse landaus, with
postiliona in blue and white and red
coated outri.lers and escorted by a <!••
tachment of the Horse Guards. Thou
sands of enthusiastic people gathered
on the route to the palace, where her
The San Francisco Call.
GENERAL MAXIMO GOMEZ.
sequently they refuse to ex
change.
All the army is willing to surrender I
arms to Cuban officials, but under no '
circumstances, as declared in the meet- ;
ing of generals yesterday, to the Amer- |
leans.
Cuban officer? do not wish a war. as >
j this would, in their estimation, only
Hasten annexation. They are willing !
to listen to any h >norable proposition.
Borne persons say the determination '
of the army not to surrender the arms i
is an outsome of General Brooke's re- |
fusal to sanction General Gomez's plan i
for a Cuban militia. At Cuban head- |
quarters the statement is indiarinantly
', denied, in by Gomez, who.
' however, refused to discuss the present
I situation. One of Gomez's most promi- j
nent officers said:
"General Gomez was brought to this
city through the influence of Mr. Por
ter. He was told at the time he was
; wanted in Havana to help General
Brooke establish a government for the
Cubans which would have no other
basis than freedom and independence, j
IHe was miserably fooled. He has been '
' ridiculed for the manner in which he
has been treated by Brookfc. He has.
on account of his intimacy with the i
I American general, lost popularity with
I the Cubans, who say he has been a I
I traitor to their cause. This was a part j
of Brooke's scheme. He wished to ren- j
der Gomez useless in order that he I
might with further ease follow out his
orders from Washington.
"Gomez and his men are disliked and
unpopular to-day. He has no influence.
A recommendation from him does more
Majesty visited the old apartments
■which she occupied as a young girl,
wfiich have been renovated prepara
tory to opening the palace to the pub
lic.
Kensington became a royal residence in
1690, when William 111 bought It from
Lord Nottingham. William spent £30»QW
f-r *!ie purchase of the place, but "he Bet
SI; I'hristopher Wren to add a storey to
it, so that while the house seemed some
what patched" Evelyn- considered It a
"very sweete villa." Queen Anne began
the lons series of additions.- which srive
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MAY 16, 1899.
harm than good. Cubans imagine he
has been working for annexation. He
will prove the contrary this week, when
he publishes letters which have been
exchanged between hint. General Brooke
and President McKinley. After he has
done this the general will probably
leave the island. He has not a oennv.
}{<• lives on charity. In fact, we are all
doing the same. Gomez was forced to
dismiss his staff as he did not even
have food for it. They are looking for
work. One colonel has been made a
policeman with a salary of $62 a month.
All of Gomez's enemies have splendid
positions, while his officers and men
starve."
I was told by another officer that
should an outbreak take place it would
occur in Santiago, where Rabi and
Cebreco have large armed forces. Both
of the officers 1 have quoted are promi
nent and reliable. They pleaded that
their names be withheld.
Generals Gomez and Brooke held a
conference this afternoon. I was told
at headquarters that <?enpral Gomez
promised to continue to try to disband
the army peacefully. He will publish
a proclamation to-morrow which will
be approved by General Brooke. Its
contents are not yet known.
American officers laugh at the re
ports of trouble. The papers here, how
ever, say the meeting was very hot, ajid
they fear trouble.
ADMINISTRATION WORRIED
OVER CUBAN PROBLEMS
S'KW YORK, May 15.— The Herald's
Continued on Second I'aee.
the house its heterogeneous appearance.
George I added the .cupola room and
the famous great staircase. George II
built the west wing as a nursery and died
there in 1760. The Duke of -Sussex, the
son of George HI, lived and' died at the
palace, where he collected his splendid li
brary.
Many notabl* deaths occurred there,
but never a birth until that of Victoria.
In the northwest corner of the structure
th^re is a room with three windows over
looking the gardens toward the Round
Pond, in which is a brass plate bearing
thi* legend- if ln-»tnls room Queen Victoria
was born, May 24th, 1819."
AGUINALDO
FLEES FROM
AMERICANS
Retreats From Balinag and
Has Not Been Heard From
in Two Weeks.
PILAR DISHEARTENED
Deserted by the Filipino Govern
ment, the General Now Desires
"Honorable" Surrender.
Special Cable to The Call \nd the Now York
HeraW. Copyrighted, IS>S{», by James Gor
don Bennett.
AT the Front With Lawton's
Column, San Miguel, Sunday
(via Manila, May • 15).— The
insurgent General Gregorio del Pilar
believes that he has been deserted by
the Filipino Government, and desires
to surrender, if he can secure what
he regards as honorable terms from
the Americans.
■ It is now said that Aguin- m
♦ aldo has fled into the prov- ♦
♦ ince of Nueva Ecija. On April ♦
29 he retreated by carriage *
■f from Balinag through San Isi- £
+ dro, and nothing has been +
♦ hear! from him in the two ♦
1, weeks since. H
The 5000 Spanish prisoners who
are reported to be held by the insur
gents have been carried into a north
ern province and scattered among the
small garrisons. They are beyond
American succor this season unless
the Filipino surrender takes place
within three weeks.
The insurgent hospital near San
Isidro is reported to be overwhelmed
with the wounded. General Pilar's
main subsistence depot is five miles
in front of Lawton.
The indignation of the natives has
compelled the insurgent generals to
countermand their orders to burn
towns as they retreated.
Th~ American policy of not de
stroying property is creating a re
vulsion in our favor. Five American
prisoners were carried through this
town last week. Their names are un
known.
Natives are returning through the
American lines to their own homes.
AGUINALDO'S SKILL
AS A PREVARICATOR
LONDON. May 15.— The Filipino Jun
ta here has received the following mes
sage from Aguinaldo, cabled from
Hongkong under date of May 12:
The Filipino Government, in accordance
with the general feeling of the country,
haa decided to continue the war at all
costs until independence is secured. The
Filipinos energetically refuse the Ameri
cans" peace overtures based on restricted
autonomy coupled with promises of a
subsequent self-government. The Fili
pinos demand a strict fulfillment of the
articles of the American constitution and
of the treaties contracted by the Ameri
can representatives when imploring a
Filipino alliance in combating the Span
iards.
All the Filipino generals support Aguin
aldo. General Luna's reported overtures
for peace are untrue. Our army is near
Manila, simultaneously attacking the
whole American line.
The heat and rains are causing many
casualties in the American army. All the
hospitals are crowded with sick and
wounded. Four hundred of the Cincinnati
regiment have been imprisoned by Gen
eral Otis for insubordination in refusing
to tight. The regular troops quartered in
Manila and other towns are quiet. The
volunteers are abused and always at th>
frorit with .scanty rations. The discontent
between the Americans and Europeans is
general. •**
M'KINLEY WILL MEET
RETURNING VOLUNTEERS
HOT SPRINGS. Va.. May 15.— 1t is
the intention of President McKlnley to
be in ihe Western States at the time of
the return of the volunteers who have
done heroic service in the Philippines.
It is expected that the necessity for the
return of the volunteers in the island
of Luzon will not exist much
longer, and when the volunteers reach
their native States for muster out Mr.
McKinley hopes to be there to greet
and honor them. If the trip t<> the West
alreafly planned should not occur when
the volunteers are returning another
journey will be made to carry out this
purpose.
TORTURE FOUR LITTLE
CHILDREN WITH FIRE
Horriblo Crime a. Which a Mulatto
Woman and Her Husband
Are Detected.
ATLANTA. Oa., May 15.-Winnie
Roach, a mulatto woman, and her hus
band, are charged with having brutally
burned their four little children nearly
to death by Igniting paper, saturated with
kerosene, with which their bodies had
been wrapped. The man, Lawrence
Roach, run away during the afternoon
when he heard that his treatment of his
children had been reported to the police.
The woman was in the act of applying
fire to one of the children when a crowd
broke in. The police were summoned, as
a lynching was feared. The woman and
the children were taken to the station.
One of the children had all the flesh
burned from her legs in .several places
and probably will die. The other three
are all badly burned.
Jewish Confirmation Bites.
STOCKTON. May 15.— The Jewish peo
| pie of this city celebrated the "Feast of
| the Weeks" thismornlng at the synagogue
with an elaborate programme. The fea
ture of the event was the confirmation of
fifteen children, all belonging to promi
nent Hebrew families.
EDUCATORS DIFFER
FROM HUNTINGTON
EX-MAYOR
HEWITT'S
SENTIMENT
Says Collis Bases His Ideas
Upon His Own Ex
perience.
NEW YORK, May 15.— Widespread
interest was created to-day by
the remarkable arraignment of
modern education made by Col
lis P. Huntington last Saturday
night at a banquet in San Francisco.
Mr. Huntington had said that the
masses were being overeducated. and
that the young were spending too many
years in school. He spoke of fifteen
years as the limit of educational activ
ity. Among those who read Mr. Hunt
ington's speech was Abram S. Hewitt,
also an exceedingly successful man, but
of a different school. . Mr. .Hewitt is a
college graduate. He is the secretary
of the Cooper Union, founded by Peter
Cooper for the education of the work
ing classes.
"Mr. Hunting-ton," said Mr. Hewitt
to-day, "bases his ideas upon his own
experience. He thinks that because he
got along with little schooling others
can do the same. What he did learn
certainly did him no harm. He need
not complain that boys did not leave
school early enough. Most of them in
this city are out of school by the time
they are fifteen years old.
"We take them into Cooper Union at
the age of 15 years. That is on the
supposition that they no longer have
any chance to attend the day schools.
I I do not believe that there is any dan
ger of overeducating the masses. Any
thing which elevates the people can do
them no harm. The world progresses
by the dissemination of knowledge. If
knowledge is not a benefit we might
as well go back to the Middle Atr.s.
Anything which makes the world hot
ter should bt- encouraged. I am afraid
that Mr. Huntington has come in con
tact with who have tried to
impose upon him. The world is full of
the shiftless and the indolent; yet in
! public schools It will be found that the
boys are bright, eager and ambitious.
STEPPACHER APPOINTED
REGISTRAR OF VOTERS
JAKE BREAKS IN.
GOVERNOR GAGE yesterday ap- i
pointed Jacob Steppacher Regis- |
trar of Voters for the city and
county of San Francisco, to suc
ceed W. J. Biggy. The appoint
ment was no surprise to the public,
as The Call of Sunday last contained the ,
information that Gage had made up his
mind to recognize the claims of Major
Frank McLaughlin by appointing Step
pacher to the office of Registrar.
There is no doubt that McLaughlin de- ;
sired his friend Steppacher to succeed, ;
but the fact is well known to the small :
coterie of politicians in the confidence of i
the Governor that the appointment which I
ABRAM S. HEWITT.
I believe that most American boys now
wish to learn trades. There would be
no "gangs" of dissolute and idle young
fellows if all had an opportunity to
learn a trade. The trade unions have
been trying ti> keep them out. It is all
right for workingmen to seek to raise
their wages as against their employ
ers and as against society, but they
have no right to keep others out. That
is a wrung of the worst character. Mr.
Huntington would have succeeded, edu
cated or uneducated. He is a man of
indomitable energy and conspicuous
ability. He was bound to rise. It does
not follow that because he was success
ful without much schooling that others
can reach success with no education.
It all depends upon work. It happened
that I was well educated. Yet I did
not stop to think about that. I did
what work came to my hand, whether
I liked it or not."
Joseph J. Little, president of the
Board of Education, said that he had
read the address of Mr. Huntington
with much Interest.
"It is to be regretted," he said, "that
Mr. Huntington is not here to explain
his views in more detail. If by educa
tion he means a study of classics for
the laboring people he may not be far
wrong. I think that his views are,
however, on the whole erroneous. Yet
it is a deplorable fact that it is hard
to find men who are good mechanics.
; It was only recently that I had oceft
! sion to advertise for an assistant book-
I keeper. The work was light and the
I position was not worth more than $10
i or $15 a week. At the same time I ad
' vertised for a man to take charge of
a mechanical dcrartment, the wages of
i which were four times more than that
i of the assistant bookkeeper. About
I sixty young men, many of them college
the major most desired to control was
that of Democratic Commissioner to the
Paris Exposition. McJ-aughlin earnestly
desires that his prospective son-in-law,
Samuel Rucker of San Jose, should have
a place on the Paris Commission.
Politicians on the inner circle of the
coterie assert that the Governor positive
ly announced that he would not appoint
Rucker. It is understood that the ap
pointment of Steppacher was made to
soften the expected wrath of the major
over the turning down of Rucker. Queer
things happen in public life nowaday.-,
and the Governor may again change his
mind and decide to give Rucker the
coveted commission. At last accounts,
however, the chief executive said his pur
pose to appoint a big Democrat from San
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
PRESIDENT
LITTLE ALSO
SPEAKS Ol'T
Declares the Views of the
Railroad Magnate Are
Erroneous.
graduates, answered the advertisement
for the assistant bookkeeper and only
six applied fur the other position.
"Mr. Huntington, I do not believe,
has ev.er been in a schoolroom since he
left it. From what I know of schools
in various parts of the country I am
convinced that his criticism of modern
education is extreme. Schools of the
present day are constantly becoming
more practical. The pupils are taught
to observe, to think for themselves.
They are receiving instructions in man
ual training which is preparing them to
go into useful trades. Teachers are be
ing prepared to instruct their pupils
in manual arts. The system of educa
tion has greatly improved and devel
oped since Mr. Huntington went to
school. There is a tendency among
parents to seek to educate their chil
dren above mechanical work. I think
that this tendency will be corrected.
Manual training will assist in doir.s so
and just such discussions as Mr. Hunt
ington has raised will be exceedingly
helpful. Mr. Huntingdon is a man of
ability. He is a man of affairs, and I
do not believe for a moment that li>'
would have our workingmen ignorant.
As I understand it, he does not believe
in so much classical education. He
would not, in other words, have brick
layers read Greek and Latin; but, after
all, I do not know that would do the
bricklayers any harm."
Professor Van Amringe, dean and
acting president of Columbia Univer
sity, said Mr. Huntingtan's success
without any college education did not
prove that a classical training was not
good for the. majority of men.
"It is the purpose of the university."
he continued, "to prepare men for
every field of usefulness. Student?"
faculties are trained and stimulated so
that they may be ready to cope with
complex problems of the present day.
Mr. Huntington is a man of genius. He
would have attained success under any
circumstances. As to the question of
education of the masses, that is a very
grave matter and T do not care to dis
cuss it at present."
] Francisco was unchanged. The place was
offered to E. B. Pond, but declined.
There is talk that \V. \V. Footfl will bo
; named. Among Democrats the name of
: Raphael n'eill is frequently mentioned.
! He is a man of means and a Democrat of
j prominence who visits Pari^ annually and
I speaks French as the Parisians speak it.
W. H. Mills of the Southern Pacific
! declined to serve on th<- commission, but
: the fact now comes to light that Governor
Gage did not tender him an appointment.
: At one tiny- it was understood that the
commission would consist of Ren C.
Truman • f Loa Angeles. W. M. Mills of
1 San Francisco and Mark L. McDonald of
j Santa Rosa. Subsequently a Republican
■ from Northern California was suggested,
1 and the suggestion must have caught tla2
COYOTES ATTACK,
RANCH EMPLOYE
Greenbrac WorkmaQ Severely Bit
ten While Trying to Save
His Dog.
© SAN RAFAEL, May 15.— John Soarez. a ranch hand working near #
*! Greenbrae, nearly lost his life to-day while trying to save his dog from *S
§ an attack by two large coyotes. As a rule the coyote is a cowardly ani- g
.• mal and will seldom fight. Soarez, however, can testify that when the %;
O coyote is enraged it makes a dangerous adversary. . • S
£ While Mrs. Pi. an.'., the wife of Major H. S. Picand of Chicago, who £j
» is staying at the Hotel Rafael, was being driven along the Tiburon 2S
£> boulevard, she noticed a dog fighting two strange' looking animals on £
£ the hill back of the old Prenty place, and directed the attention of Coach-. 3
ji> man "Jack" Hayes to the scene. Hayes perceived that the animals were %%
.;. coyotes and that the dog was getting the worst of it, as one coyote was o
v continually attacking it from the rear. Thinking the dog would make for *^
t\ home when things grew too interesting, Hayes drove on. £♦
V Shortly afterward Soarez perceived the battle, and, rushing to the $
i; spot, kicked one of the coyotes on the side. It turned and with a savage •*
Q spring fastened its teeth in his leg. Soarez had no weapon and was £•
** badly bitten by the angry beast before the remaining coyote found itself #
$ no match for the dog and ran. In response to Soarez's yells the dog then \
£) fell upon his master's assailant, and soon both coyotes disappeared over $>
i* the hill. if,
S Soarez's wounds were carefully dressed, but he will not be able to S
£> work for several days. . £
•; f . . g
the Governor, because th<
formation soon it a Democrat
r a R< publican would b< si
to represent Central California. Thei
• !< neral N. P. ' Jhipman of Red
Bluff is the Northern California Repub
lican that Gage has In mind for the ;■
Chipman might get leav< of absence from
me < lourt duties 1 1*'
iv be expected to r< sign the
offl< t Supreme Court Commissioner for
:.i to Paris at the expense of the
M H. de Young was offered a plac<
th< Paris Commission, but the app intment
w :i> : • ■ GOVI rilOl '-
: in a Northern California Repub
lican. Viewing the field in the light of:
■ i conditions, it appears that the |
rhances of Mr. Rucker's appointment are,
■ ■ He might well, for his
own peace of mind, follow the i sample of
Mills and di cc< pi .
Newton S. Bangham
: . coli n< l and assistant
tant $.< !!• ral of < allfornia is Imi
ant in al U ast jnifies
that the adjutant general who may be
appoli ■ G n< :■ il Pi eler will
from Southern California. The
Goveri I of staff will prob
3 in Fi anciscan.
: Phil < 'rimmins, no |
a over the tui
down <•: Assemblyman Rlckard, wh
to be R( gistrar of Voters. Bi
.■ s term • • 111 not • xtend
beyond the pri sent year, as the new char
ter pr '. the Mayor shall appoint
the Registrar. Steppacher, however, will
:. enough to take care of
iits and "organisation"
sympathizers In the following of Dan
- They will be muni
cipal payroll, to be supported by the tax
■ - of San Francisco, and In this man
Irain "n Hums' personal re-,
will be lightened.
The Pilot Commissioners kindiy i ■
■ Tiers private se< retarj . Ed
ward Conroy, and the Registrar will be ;
honor the * xample.
pacher the newly ai
■ II known In political circles as
the assistant secretary of the Republican
state Ceatral Committee, under Mc-
Laughlin, Cornwall and Stump. He be
- known as machine po'.i
ticians. At Sacramento last winter his
zeal in the support of Bums for Senator
waa at tinv-r- offensively displayed.
There is grief along the line over the)
turning down of Ed Casey. He expected!
. position of secretary of the
■■■ i lommiseion. The r< s that ;
the Incumbent, Carrere, is to remain. W.
H. Beamans, who was on the list of as
pirants for the Adjutant Generalship, has
been made assistant secretary of the
Board, with increased emolu
but no "p. ning has been made for
. The indignation of the Casey fol- !
lowing passes all comprehension. <">ne of
Th.- Indlgnants \vsterday gave -ent to
his wrath in this style:
■you r;iik about assinine Governors of
California-talk of Waterman. Markham
and Budd. Why, any one of them is a
saint in comparison with this \
fellow Gagi
The Governor announces the following !
promotions among officers now with the
Firei California Regiment at Manila:
C. H. Richardson of the Hospital Corps,
■ '.'•]> and assistant surgeon.
First Surge* n Ashley It. Farless, to be
second lieutenant of Company K.
id Lieutenant Carlton w. Seely, to
be first lieutenant of Company K.
First Lieutenant Thomas W. Sparrow,
to b< • .i't;un of Company G.
First Sergeant Charles E. Thompson, to
rst lieutenant of Company <;.
WILL SUCCEED DWIGHT.
Professor Hadley to Become President
of Yale College.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., May 1.",.— 1t is at
last Btated on direct authority of im-m
--bers of the Yale corporation that a =u<-
cessor to President Dwight is as rood as
i. According to the information.
which is undoubtedly correct, the next
•nt of Yale will be Professor Ar
thur Twining Hadley, of the department
of political economy. T am told that the
sentiment in favor of Professor Hadley
is now s i strong thai nothing can pre
vent his election at the next meeting of
t>,. corporation, at which time, it is an
tecret, a vote is to be taken.
Professor Hadley was graduated from
Yale it! I NTf; . ami has been connected with |
the university ever since. 11,. received
the rt'-i;r'i of M. A. from Vale in I>*7. He
was first tutor, then Instructor in po
litical Bdence and later a professor in
this branch. He is now professor of po
litical Bdence and political economy. His
father was the late Professor Hadley, an
eminent Greek scholar and Vale gradu
ate in the class of 1542.
ORDNANCE OFFICERS CHANGED.
WASHINGTON, May 15.-Orders -will
be Issued by Secretary Alger to-morrow
under which several changes of stations
of high ranking army ordnance " officers
will be made. The Important post of com
mandant of the arsenal at Watervilet, N.
V., where guns are manufactured, will be
given to Colonel Joseph P. Farley, now
commandant of the arsenal at Allegheny,
Pa. Lieutenant Colonel Frank H.
Phipps will be relieved of his command
of the arsenal in New York, and as a
member of the Board of Ordnance and
Fortifications and other boards, his place
being taken by Major John G. Butler. Col
onel Alfred Mordecai will go to Benicla,
<'a!.. where he will command the arsenal,
and Major D. M. Taylor will command
the arsenal at Kennebec, Me.
These changes wore recommended by
Brifjadif^r General A. H. BufSngton, the
newly appointed Chief of Ordnance.
Krug-er Will Meet Millner.
LONDON, May 18.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Capo Town says that the
negotiations for a meeting between Presi
dent Kruger <>f the South African re
public and Sir Elmer Millner, Governor of
Colony and British High Commis
r for Bouth Africa, regarding the
grievances of the Outlanders In the
Transvaal, have eulminat< d finally in an
arrangement f o:- a conference, which will
probably be held in Cape Town.
"The Church and the World."
LONDON, .May !•■— The Paris corre
spondent of the Daily Chronicle says:
Archbishop inland lectured this evening!
(Monday) ai the Popular (Vrcie di Bt
"'lvurch and the World."
..;;.: Brunette of the Revue dcs
Deux Mondes, presided. Archbishop Ire
land declared that practical religion to
day must i»e energising and loving. His
eloquence was warmly applauded.
Death Rather Than Illness.
WATSONVILLE, May 15.— C. M. Shop
aid, an old citizen, shot himself in the
head this evening with suicidal intent.
He will, not live until morning. For the
past few years be was engaged in min
ing- enterprises in Calaverau County. He
was a native of New York and aged 50
yoare. Despondency over his bad health
was the cause of his act.
CUBANS ALMOST
READY TO FIGHT
AMERICANS
Continued from First Page.
Washington correspondent sends the fol
lowing: Administration officials are not
feeling at all comfortable over the Cuban
situation. The action of General Gomez
in refusing to further participate in the
distribution of the $3,000,000 and the dis
armament of the proposed beneficii
taken In connection with the intimations
<if a possible uprising, forbodes serious
trouble, It is feared, before the Cuban
problem has been finally solved. Although
Genera] Brooke in his dispatches to thy
War Department taken an optimistic view
of the situation, expressing the i>eiir>f thai
he can accomplish the distribution and
disarmament of the Cuban army without
the aid of General Gomez, the authorities
are not a little concerned over the atti
tude of other Cuban leaders. They fear
that their influence with the rank and
file will he sufficient to prev< nt an ami
cable arrangement being reached with
the Cuban soldiers. In view of whai
happened, tho authorities here think Gen
eral Brooke will have to deal with the
disarmament proposition with a firmer
hand than has hitherto ehurarterizeil the
negotiations. Up to the (Use of office
hours to-day, Secretary Alper said Gen
eral Brooke had not outlined to him what
his next move would be, but he assumed
that lie would issue a proclamation Bet
ting forth the exact time and ci nditio.ns
under which members of tiie Cuban army
would be allowed to Ehare in the allot
ment, anil these conditions would mean a
prompt surrender of their arms.
The authorities will wait for the next
news of General Gomez and other Cuban
leaders before Inaugurating any radical
changes in the preseni conciliatory policy.
The first si.nn of open revolt, nowever,
will be dealt with promptly and vigor
ously. Such a revolt would probably be
the deathblow to the independence of the
island, tor. as, a Cabinet officer "expressed
it to-day, the United States would never
consent to relinquish its hold on the
island if the leaders, whom we befriended
in the expectation that they would be
able eventually to manage tho affairs of
the island, openly attack us.
Major General Matthew C. Butler of
South Carolina arrived in Washington
this morning, direct from Cuba, As a for
mer member of the Cuban Commission
General Butler takes a keen interest In
affairs of the island, and his recent visit
was vemi-offirial in characti r. Speaking
of the present conditions in Cuba c,en
eral Butler says there is a general feel
ing of uncertainty and distrust as to
Gomez, and unless all siyns fail there
will he trouble with tho Insurgent chief
over the distribution of th< $3 000 which
the United states Governmeni seni down
there to be distributed among the Cu
bans.
"One of th-- greatesi mistakes < >ur Gov
< rnment has made in Cuba," said Gen
eral Butler, "was the sending of that
money there to be distributed among
'i.'iiT-z and bis followers. Gomez is nat
urally a lawless fellow, who cannot be
depended upon to carry out his prom
ises. He is a. professional agitator, and
has among his followers many of a simi
lar type. They distrust each other and
an- striving to pain some personal ad
vantage in connection with affairs on the
island. They are scheming to get the
lion's share of the $3,000,000, and 1 antici
pate they will give our people eonslder
able trouble for a long time to come.
Unfortunately some of our officials— l do
not care to mention names— are disposed
to regard Gomez as a great soldier, and
the most influential man in Cuban ranks.
With a certain element there he may have
considerable influence, but among those
Cubans who are anxious for a peaceful
and business-like solution of the prob
lems there present* d lie is not popular.
They feel thnt lie would not hesitate to
sacrifice their interests to advance his
personal aims and secure for himself and
his immediati followers the larger por
tion Of the (3,000,1 ."
RIOT OF CUBANS
AT CIENFUEGOS
CIENFUEGOS, Province of Santa
Clara, May 15, 8 p. m.— About 5 o'clock
this afternoon a gang of Cuban dock
laborers called upon Captain Barker, cap
tain of the port, and made a demand for
back pay. As they were violent, Captain
Barker drew his revolver. The laborers
retired, but returned soon after with fifty
'others and made a similar demand, us
ing obscene and profane language, insult
ing Captain Barker and offering threats
The Cuban police were ordered to ar
rest the malcontents, and a general street
nght followed. In wjiieh one laborer was
killed and several persons were wounded
including three members of the police
I rce.
As the Cuban populace became very in-
I suiting and threatened revenge, an out
break was expected, and the Second
United States Infantry Regiment was
ordered Into the city. The troops are
patrolling the town this evening.
The Cubans are well armed, and about
an hour ago firing was heard in Declute
street near the Custom-house, although
this was probably only harmless mis
chief, as the Second Infantry patrol on
investigating the locality, found no one
who could be made responsible.
CUBANS URGED NOT
TO SURRENDER ARMS
SANTIAGO DB CI'BA. May I.".—Con
siderable dissatisfaction la expressed here
over the demand by the United States
Government that the Cuban soldiers re
liiKiulsh their arms before receiving their
shares in the distribution of the $3,000,000.
La Independenela and other papers pub
lish excited articles protesting against the
acceptance of any such proposal.
La Indeppndcneia suggests that a slamp
tax be instituted, by means of which loyal
Cubans would be enabled to "save the
soldiers from the dishonor and humilia
tion of Riving up the arms which won
their liberty.
On all sides among the CubaJis of San
tiago violent expressions are heard re
garding what is termed 'the niggardly
conduct of the Americans."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 16, 1899.
TOD SLOAN FAST
BREAKING DOWN,
May Soon Have to Quit
Riding.
Special Dispatch *n The Call.
LONDON, May 15.— "Tod" Sloan, the j
American jockey, whose phenomenal |
success in the saddle has made him one j
of the most talked about men in Ens- j
land, is failing in health at Newmar
ket, and for some time has been ridine
contrary to the instructions of his Dhv- j
sician.
While Sloan has been going on win- |
ning with horses that could not win
j without his assistance, he has been
i working at the expense of his physical
and nervous reserve. His friends have
tried to persuade him to take a rest,
but he has persistently refused to listen j
to them. Now he is on the verge of a
| breakdown and those interested in his |
welfare are seriously alarmed.
Sloan's true condition was known to ;
only a few before yesterday, but to-day j
the prediction is freely made that he
; will ride but few more races, at least
' in England. His constitution seems to !
be thoroughly undermined, and the i
most serious consequences are feared.
Sloan either refuses to discuss his con
j dition or passes it off with a llippant j
i remark, but it is known that at last he i
fully realizes his danger, it Is possi
ble that he may return to America be
fore the English racing season is con
cluded.
BROOKLYN TAKES THE
PHILLIES INTO CAMP
Chicago Gets Back Into Second Place
and Tebeau's Men Maintain
Their Lead.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. i Clubs— W. 1,. Pet.
St Louis IS 6 .750 Baltimore ■■■12 13 .4SO
Chicago 17 : 708 | Louisville ... 9 13 .409
Brooklyn ....17 8 .6So|New York... 9 14 .391
Philadelphia. l 7 S .6SO Plttsburg ... 14 .264 j
Cincinnati ..14 9 .609 Washington.. 5 20 -■" j
Boston 14 11 .500 Cleveland ...3 20 .130
NEW YORK. May 15.— T0-day's game was a
red-hot affair, both teams being keyed up to
the top notch and displaying a great deal of
feeling. It was a slugging match, punctuated
by sensational fielding and constant wrangling
with the umpires. Brooklyn punched out three
runs In the third inning by successive bunts,
and the Quakers succeeded in tleing the score
in the seventh. Daly opened the eighth with a
home run, and Dunn, Yeager and Casey were
safe on a. pair of scratch hits and Cooley'a
error. Keeler came next and landed the ball
for a homer to deep left, clearing the bases.
That settled the game, although the Phillies
made a lively rally In the ninth. Attendance,
1700 Score:
Clubs- R. H. K.
Philadelphia 5 13 1
Brooklyn 8 12 1
Batteries— Plait and Douglas; Dunn and Far
rell. -Bwartwood and Warner.
ST. LOUIS, May 15.— 8y bunching three hits;
with a base on balls, St. Louis scored three i
runs in. the seventh inning and downed the i
Colonels. Both Dowllng and Jones pitched In I
fine form. The latter was fortunate In keep
ing the visitors' nine hits well scattered. A
fast double play by McKean and O'Connor was
the only piece of brilliant fielding done during
the game. Attendance. 2100. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
St. Louis •* 8 0
Louisville 19 1
Batteries— Jones and Criger; Dowling and
Kittredge. Umpires— and Smith.
CLEVELAND, May'l."*— Cleveland put up a
good game against Cincinnati to-day, but the
visitors had better luck bunching their hits..
Attendance, 200. Score:
Clubs— • H. H. E.
Cleveland '. 2 8 0
Cincinnati 3 8 1
Batteries— Btivetts and Zimraer; Hawley and
Wood. Umpires— Andrews and Gaffney.
BALTIMORE, May 15.— The Orioles beat New
York to-day in a pitchers' battle, Nopa having
the better of the argument toward the end. '
McGraw's base-running was as daring an ex- I
hibition as has been seen here for some time.
Attendance, 1613. Score:
Clubs — K. H. E.
Baltimore , 5 11 0
New York ■ 3 7 2
Batteries- Nops and Robinson; Doheny and
Warner. Umpire— O'Day.
.WASHINGTON, May 15.— The Senators played
a good game to-day, doing better work than,
Boston both at the bat and in the field. Nichols
was not hit frequently, but the Senators con
nected with the ball at the right time. At
tendance, 500. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Washington a 8 0
Boston 2 9 0
Batteries— Weyhing and McGuire; Nichols and
Bergen. Umpires— McDonald and Snyder.
PITTSBUKO, May 15.— reason of better
playing Plttsburg should have won, but In the
tenth inning Green, who had struck out three
times before, surprised himself by raising- a
three-bagcer and scored on Wolverton's hit.
Attendance, 1500. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
l'ltisburg 3 8 2
Chicago 4 ' , ,_ '•>
Batteries — Leeyer and Bowerman; Callahan
and Nichols. Umpires— Hunt and- Connolly.
DIXON GETS DECISION.
"Kid" Broad Gives the Champion a
Warm Argument.
BUFFALO, N. V.. May I.",.— Champion
George Dixon added another to his long
list of victories in Ihe ring by winning
from "Kid" Broad of Cleveland in twenty
rounds in the Olympic Club to-night.
Broad was in the best possible condition,
but Dixon carried considerable superflu
ous flesh.
Tom O'Ronrke and Tom Sharkey were
in Dlxon's corner. Broad forced the fight
ing at the start and for ten rounds did
fully as well as the champion, Mocking
the Matter's leads beautifully and coming
back fast and strong. Dixon's left ear
was cut in the fifth round and bled free
ly. Broad's left aim was badly hurt In
the eleventh round and he could not, use
it to advantage thereafter. Dixon showed
all his old-time cleverness, but not his
usual speed. He made the pace, for the
last half of the distance and the referee
declared him the winner, although the
crowd insisted on having it a draw. Dix
on's margin whs not a large one.
SHAEFER BEATS SLOSSON.
"Wizard' Wins the First of the
Match Game of Billiards.
NEW YORK. May 15.— "Wizard Jake"
Shaefor of Chicago beat George Slosson
nf New York, the "student." in an excit
| ing game of IS-inch balk line billiards at
the Lenox Lyceum here to-nipht. The
I final score was f/H) to 418 in favnr of
Shaefer, and $50() in stakes, to say noth
ing of many thousands in side bets,
changed hands <-,n the result.
This was the first of two games bet worn
I the great professionals, the second being
scheduled for next Monday night ;;t the
I same place. Before the game tin; betting
on the outcome was just even, but a ma
jority of the local enthusiasts favored
I Slosson's chances because his practice
had been better.
CHIEF BORCHERS IN CHARGE.
I The Pitcher Buys the San Jose Base-
ball Franchise.
SAN JOSE, May 15.— The San Jose base
ball club evidently is not a gold mine for
its owners. Within the last three weeks
it has had three different owners. To
day E. S. Gilbert disposed of the club
franchise and league interests to i;.,.i w .
Borchert, who has been captain and a
pitcher of th# nine. Gilbert succeeded A
de la Roza. Borchers intends to impro\e
the team and has several new men in
view.
Parker for State Expert.
SACRAMENTO, May 15.— The State
Board of Examiner* to-day appointed W.
F. X. l'arker of Los Angeles as State
Expert.
SANTA CRUZ GIVES
GREETING TO THE
PYTHIAN KNIGHTS
Grand Lodge Delegates and
Rathbone Sisters Arrive
in Numbers.
SANTA CRUZ. May 15.— The Knights of
Pythias and the Rathbone Sisters of
California have possession of Santa Cruz.
The city has been given over to th. m and
the Santa Cruzans are lavish in their hos
pitality to the guests. Seldom has the
city been so nicely decorated. Scarcely a
store is without its garb of bunting, and
everywhere are to be seen the mottoes
"Welcome Sir Knights." "K. of P. Wel
come," "The City Is Yours." The yel
low, red and blue of the order covers the
front of the business houses, while the
national flag is floating from all the flag
poles. The Courthouse has the Ameri
can colors Hying to the breeze from
every window. The avenue is brightened
by myriads of streamers.
Everywhere is to be seen the Sir
Knights with the elegant local lodge
badge, and all the visitors wear the
Grand Lodge badge, which is presented to
eacb delegate. Suspended from a brass
knight design is a red ribbon badge; up
on it in silver letters are the words:
"lirand Lodge. California; Santa Cruz,
1i>99." From the ribbon is a circular cel
luloid pendant with the lodge emblem
upon it in the Knights of Pythias colors.
The Rathbone Sisters are conspicuous
on the street with their white, red, yel
low and blue colors, which, interpreted,
are the motto of the order: "Purity,
Love, Equality and Fidelity;" while the
motto of the Knights is "Friendship,
Charity and Benevolence." The Knights
have a gayly decorated and spacious
headquarters off the main office at the
St. George Hotel, while the Kathbone Sis
ters have their quarters in the floral dec
orated parlors on the second floor. The
headquarters is where the Knights meet
and friendships are formed.
With the arrival of every train there
has been a rush to the hotels. One tem
ple has a novel way of entertaining it
self while here. The Salinas Temple of
the Rathbone Sisters has pitched its
tents and is camping at Camp Capitola.
The members make the trip to the city
each day and return after the night ses
sion.
The executive committee is known by
its rich rosette with golden tassels. It
has done its work well. The committee
is comprised of D. C. Clark, chairman;
W. M. Gardner, secretary; William T.
Jeter. C. E. Lindsay, H. H. Pringle. W.
H. Bias, A. D. I'ena, B. F. Booth, F. J.
Hoffmann, W. B. Lynam, H. E. Irish, M.
Rawle, J. 1,. Wright, C. E. Greenfield, W.
C. Hoffmann, N. N. Knapp and W. A.
Magulre.
The armory where the sessions are to
be held was the busiest place in Santa
Cruz to-day. Mrs. C. A. Kimball with a
large corps of assistants had transformed
the interior to a floral bower. The plat
form Was a mass of the choicest blooms
and roses from the gardens of Santa
Cruz. For a background the beautiful
azalea from the woods was used, and the
stage was a regular thicket of this sweet
flower. Everywhere were flowers, while
bunting and nags were used with artistic
effect The chairman of the decoration
committee for both street and Armory
was W. M. Gardner. The chairmen of
the other "committees were:
Reception— AY. T. Jeter.
Programme- C. E. Lindsay.
Hotel and accommodations — R. H. Pringle.
Finance- W. H. Bias, j
Music— A. D. Pena.
Printing— B. F. . Booth. _. ■ , „ „
Excursion and transportation— J. Hoff
mann. .-■ Vj'i-'A
Banquet— W. F. Lynam.  , .
Ball— H. E. Irish. • ' • '•• • "
Headquarters— M. Rawle. • , ;
Knight rank— J. L. Wright.
Carriages— C. E. Greenfield.
Parade- W. C. Hoffmann.^
Rullshead breakfast — N. Knapp.
Rathbone Sisters— A. Maguire.
Hall— W. E. Lynam.
A large number of people were at the
trains this evening to welcome the ar
rivals. The reception committee, of
which Ex-Lieutenant Governor Jeter
is chairman, and which includes H. E.
Irish. C. E. Lindsay. D. C. Clark, J. L.
Wright, N. N. Knapp, W. M. Gardner,
■■■■. ' : ■ ':
TO CONTROL FRUIT
TRANSPORTATION
Growers to Meet at the
Capital.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, May 15.— There will
be a meeting at the State Capitol to
morrow afternoon of the transporta
tion committee of the Fruit Growers'
convention. recently held at Fresno, of
which R. D. Stephens, the Sacramento
orchardist and shipper, is chairman.
The meeting is fraught with great in
terest to the fruit growers of the State,
since its purpose is to take the initial
steps toward an organization to wrest
the business of shipping fruit from the
combine that controls it and to placing
it in the hands of the shippers them
selves.
R. D. Stephens is the father of the
movement and he is enthusiastic in his
claims. To-night he declared to The
Call correspondent that if the shipping
of the fruit was confined to the ship
pers they would be able to place their
products in the Eastern markets at
one-half the present cost and still make
a good profit on the transportation
charges. Mr. Stephens declared the
proposed organization would not be op
pressive to any of the members. Or
chardists, he said, did not grumble at
paying their State and county taxes,
nor their fire and life insurance assess
ments, in order to better protect their
property while they were alive and to
conserve it for their families after their
death. Mr. Stephens said that if the
growers succeeded in forming the con
templated organization they would be
masters of the situation. As it is now,
the moment an individual shipper sends
a consignment to a certain point to an
independent agent the two refrigerator
companies divert their consignments to
that point, glutting the market which
the individual grower had hoped to en
ter and effectually dispelling his dream
of realizing something on his crop.
Under the contemplated system of co
operative transportation the shippers
will be able to send their fruit to mar
kets where they know it will meet
with ready sales. Beside, they will have
a hold on the various railroad lines,
since they will be able to say upon
which lines they prefer to send their
cars. Since the business of carrying
these refrigerator cars is profitable to
the railroad lines the growers will have
no difficulty in obtaining fair treatment
and the most favorable transportation
rates.
Mr. Stephens said to-night that to
morrow afternoon's meeting would be
in every sense? public, and that not orly
were the orchardlsts urged to be pres
ent, but the representatives of the re
frigerator companies and other ship
pers also, to the end that there might
Matt Rawle, W. A. Maguire, C. W. "Wal
dron, W. E. I.ynam, F. J. Hoffmann, A. N.
Sheldon, H. D. Smith. C. E. Fagen, J. G.
Tanner, Dr. P. W. Bliss, M. C. Hopkins,
A. D. Pena ainl F. W. Swanton. received
the guests. Those who arrived on the
broad gauge \v t re met by the committee
at Pajaro and those on the narrow at
Felton. When they reached the depot
here they were greeted by martial mu
sic, the <'ity Band in in*? theft: to meet
them. They formed In line and marched
to town.
At the armory this evening a public re
ception and promenade concert was given
by Avainn Lo<!g<-. Knights of Pythias,
and JJf.rmion Temple of the Rathbone
Sisters to the visiting delegates and the
citizens of Santa Cruz. The City Band
supplied music for the promenade con
cert. This was i:\ charge of the pro
gramme committee, C. K. Lindsay, chair
man; Hon. W. '1". Juter. D. C. Clark, J.
L. Wright and W. V. Pringle.
Hon. W. 11. Lamb, Mayor of the city,!
welcomed the visitors on behalf of the |
citizens of Santa < 'ruz. The address of
welcome on behalf erf Avalon Lodge No.
V.i Krtightfl of I'yihlas, was read by Past .
Chancellor Carl K. Lindsay. On behalf
<>f EiermlOD Temple of the Rathbone Sis
teriß, Mrs. E. Pringle, grand chief, extend- |
ed a welcome to tbe Itathbone Sisters.
The response! w«re made for the
Knights by Grand Chancellor C. L. Pat
ton of San FranclSC > and for the Rath
bone Sisters by Grand Chief Mary E.
Fitzgerald of Sacramento.
At 10 o'clock the Grand Lodge of the
Knights of Pythias waa called to order by
Grand Chancellor Patton. The committee
on credentials gave its report, but the
important work was the conferring of the
Grand Lodge degree on about 200 past
chancellors, who were in attendance at
the Grand Lodge for the first time. The
grand officers are:
Grand Chancellor— Charles L. I'atton.
Grand Vice chancellor— Hugo H. Arndt.
Grand Prelate- William T. Jeter
Grand Master of Exchequer— Stephen Or. Lit
<;Yand Keeper of Records and Seal— H. Schaff-
Orand Master at Arms-Charles O. Alkire.
Grand Inner Guard-T. H. I'.i.'f kman.
Grand Outer Guard--.!. H. Johnston.
,t u ,,iv K. -;, r . .-■•nt.itiv.-s St:int'in L. < :irter,
Charlea F. McGlaehan, Abraham J. Buckien.
Grand Trustees— W. H. Eador, George H.
Morrison, Andrew Johrdahl.
Past Grand Chancellor*— J. A. Albertaon, E.
T Blackrr.er, W. H. Bodflsh. A. G. Booth.
George B. Church. T. J. Crowley. F. H. Far
rar. Jam<-s L. Fields. "William H. Grant,
Walker C. Graves. J. H. Gyselaar, George B.
Katzensteta. Carl E. Lindsay. L. P. McCarty.
Frank McGowan, James Ross, Georee Sam-
Grand Tribunal— D. C. Clark, Walker C.
Graves, T. J. Crowley.
To-morrow morning the work of the
Grand Lodge will be commenced in
earnest.
At 11 o'clock there will be a bullshead
dinner.
The Rathbone Sisters will open their
Grand Temple at Masonic Hall to-morrow
morning. In the evening Hermlon Temple
Will give an exemplification "f the work.
This will be followed i>y a banquet served
in the Lower Masonic Hall. The officers
are:
Paat Grand Chief— Lydia A. Monroe, River
side.
Grand Chief— Mary Alvord Fitzgerald, Sacra
mento.
Grand Senior- Ida E. Mereuire.
Grand Junior— Jullei Btibbens, Riverside.
Grand Manager IMj Samuels. Oakland.
Grand Master of R. and C— Louise Holmes,
East Oakland.
Grand M. of F. — Bertie C. Xickell, Los An
geles.
Grand Protector— Miriam Staeey. Stockton.
• •rand Outer Guard— Lottie Brown, Santa
Maria.
Supreme Representatives - Wrysle Katzen
stoin. Sacramento; Marie H. Weldon, Grass
Brigadif-r General C. McGlaehan and
staff arrived at noon to-day. The Knights
of the Uniform Rank attract much atten
tion. Colonel Kidd and staff of the First
Regiment, Colonel Fish and staff of the
Second Regiment and Colonel Arndt and:
Btaff of the Third Regimpnt arrived this I
evening. They formed a prominent feat- I
tire at the reception this evening. The
Uniform Rank will meet to-morrow even
ing at the armory.
bo a free and exhaustive discussion ol
the subject.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Vast Tract of Land in Tula re District
for School Purposes.
WASHINGTON, May 15.— The Interior
Department has set apart 4918 acres of
land in the Visalia land district for school
purposes.
The Attorney General has been asked by
the Land Office to begin legal proceedings;
against Isadora Conn for timber tres
passes in the Yo.Hemite National Park.
' Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Daniel K. San
ford, Garden Grove, $G. Restoration-
Thomas Arkeson, Shasta, $»>. Increase—
Thomas Bunford, Pomona, js to $14; John
Knapp. Coronado, $24 to $30; Charles E.
Graham, Veterans' Home, Napa, $6 to $10.
Mexican War widows— Marie B. McClain,
Thermalito, $8.
Oregon: Original— Joseph O'Keef, As
toria-, $6; Henry Winters, Portland, $12.
Additional— George W. Humphries, Low
ell, $4 to $6.
Washington: Original widows, etc. —
Elizabeth Hopper, Lyle, $12.
REBEL CHIEF RELEASED.
General Jose Fernandez Again Gains
His Freedom.
| Special Table to The Call and the New York
Heral<l. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
CARACAS, May 15.— General Jose Fer
nandez, chief of the revolution of ISOS,
has been released from prison. Fernan
dez has had a checkered career in Vene
: zuela. He has been engaged at various
I times in revolutions against Presidents
i Audueza and Hojas, Paul and Crespo, be
; sides Andrade. whose forces captured
j him on June 12, 1898. He is famous for
| Ills bravery and has always had a large
j popular following.
SANTA FE'S PROJECT.
Will Build a Road Direct From Mo
jave to Los Angeles.
BAKERSFIELD. May 15.— Work com
menced this morning on the connect inn
of the Valley Road track with the South
ern Pacific, a distance of about a mile
and a half. Everything must be com- I
pitted in thirty days. The track will in- |
tersect the Southern Pacific near the
stock corral beyond the round house. It
la here reported that the Santa Fe soon
will begin constructing a road direct i
from Mojave to Los Angeles, which will ;
be much more' direct than by way of Bar- '
stow.
FALLS FROM A HOP HOUSE.
Workman's Chin Driven Through His
Breastbone.
SANTA ROSA, May 15.— Thomas Jones,
foreman for Contractor Kuykendall of
this city, fell a distnee of thirty feet from
a hophouse at the Clark place at Mount
Olivet this afternoon. He struck on his
chin, which was driven through his
breast, breaking the breastbone. He is
not expected to live.
Sells His Orchard's Yield.
MARYSVIL.L,E. May 15.— The Hrst big
■ale of fruit in this section this season !
was consummated to-day, W. J. Blevin '
selling his entire crop to the Gridley can- ;
nory. The crop includes the fruit from
I.'OO Tuscan clings, five-year-old trees; I
2SOO early Crawfords and Foster trees, !
same age, and 800 apricot trees, three ;
years old. All of the canning fruit will
be shipped to Gridley, and whatever por-
Uon is not used there will be taken by '
an Omaha firm, which is in with the
cannery on the deal. The crop lias been
taken at $11,000, on an estimate of 400
tons in all. Should the output exceed this ,
figure the seller will be gainer to a lib- !
eral amount. I
HUNTING TO'S WORK
IN WASHINGTON
Dark Ways of Aiding
Railroads.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters. Wellington Hotel.
Washington, May 15.
The Call has shown that C. P. Hunt
ingdon's lobbyists in Washington in
terceded at the Treasury Depart
ment for the reinstatement of Ben
Meredith as Inspector and Chief of the
Chinese Bureau at San Francisco, in or
der to Continue the protection of the dis
honest Chinese passenger traffic of the
Pacific Mail. This calls to mind prac
tices of Mr. Huntington's agents here be
fore the United States Land Office. The
Btbry has been printed before, but addi
tional facts and details are herewith pre
sented. •
As is well known the California people
have, almost single-handed and alone,
fought against the extension of the Pa
cific Railroad debts to the Government.
This was but natural, for in that State
the Southern Pacific Railroad has an ex
clusive monopoly of transcontinental
fares and freight charges and is enabled
to extort from the producers and Ship
pers its own price for transportation.
The California people objected to an ex
tension of the debt, for Mr. Huntlngton
would thereby continue to derive from the
people money with w...ch to meet the pe
riodical payments of principal and lnt( r
est to the Government, required by the
".funding bin."
Besides they hoped that the Govern
ment would foreclose on the railroad by
reason of the company's deiault in meet
ing its just obligations, just as one cred
itor in an ordinary business transaction
may foreclose on a debtor. But Mr. Hunt
ington, through the employment of a
powerful lobby in Washington, has al
ways been able to defeat the Will of the
people. Always, save one time, when thu
honest members of the Hous.- def<
the extension bill. But In the las; Con
gress the persevering and indomitable
HuntlngtCj. caused to be reported from
the House Committee on Pacific Railroads
and passed a bill providing for a com
mission to settle the debts of the rail
road. This was what he had been striv
ing for for years. The commission was
empowered to extend the debts for an
other period of ten years, if in its dis
cretion this was considered wise. This
bill pleased Huntington, of course, for he
realized that it is easier to control a com
mission composed of but a few members
than It is to purchase a majority of the
House of Representatives.
And in this connection there is no man
ner of doubt that Huntington has used
money lavishly in Washington to accom
plish his ends. According to his own con
fession he spent money freely in having
matters "explained" to members of Con
gress by his agents. But this is not all.
He has not only employed ex-members of
Congress (who have access to the floor
of the House) to lobby for him, but he has
sent money in the departments to previ nt
the cancellation of land patents to his
railroad.
Francis M. Gideon, formerly of Indi
ana, but who was appointed from Mis
souri to be chief of one of the divisions of
tli.- Ceneral Land Office while yet clerk
in that office was employ^! by one of
Huntington's agents to r-si^n his place
and "correct" some iand entries made by
the railroad in previous years. The Pa
cific roads were granted alternate sec
tions of land along the lines of their rail
road, and it was further provided that
where a settler had already settled upon
or entered at the Land Office any quarter
section which was included within that
grant made to the lailroad and which
therefore conflicted with it, the settler
was not to be disturbed in his possession,
but the railroad was given the privilege
of selecting another piece of land or quar
ter section situated elsewhere as an in
demnity for the piece lost to them by
reason "of the settler's entry or occupation.
Th< se were called "indemnity giants."
The Southern and Central Pacific rail
roads as well as other land grant roads
immediately selected great numbers of
quarter sections in lieu of and in indemni
ty for those lost through the settlers.
They failed to specify them, tract for
tract, and this gave rise to no end of con
fusion in the Land Office. The Secretary
of the Interior was desirous that the
company should tile in the Land Ofii'
tries in detail, as, for instance, "The
Southern Pacific selects the following
named quarter section as indemnity for
that quarter section within the original
grant to the railroad, but which was lost
by reason of the occupation of John
Smith." Instead of ihus specifying their
indemnity selections tract for tract they
continued to ignore the requirements of
the Land Office and merely "bunched"
their selections.
Finally Secretary of the Interior Noble
issued a peremptory notice to the rail
roads that unless they met the require
ments their indemnity selections would
be canceled as fast as the work of the
Land Office proceeded. This threw the
railroad people into a panic. The vice
president and general attorney of the
Southern Pacific Railroad entered into
correspondence with Francis ML Gideon,
then a clerk in the railroad division of
the Land Office, through an intermediary,
David A. Chambers, who is in the regu
lar employ of Huntington here, and the
result was that Gideon made a trip to the
Mills building. New York, where after an
interview with the railroad officials, he
was induced to resign his employment in
the Land Office and work for the rail
road in making these corrections. It was
suspected that Gideon, who performed
the work in an outside office on P street,
had been allowed by Commissioner of the
Land Office Stone to remove from the
Land Office the papers and books which
properly belong there, and that Gideon,
by reason of this favoritism, was enabli d
to rapidly complete his labors, for Gid
eon was one day observed at work on
leaves which had been taken from Land
Office records.
It was suspected, too, that Gideon em
ployed clerks in the Land Office to help
him, and that this was done with the
knowledge of Commissioner Stone. One
clerk named Nevin acknowledged that
he had been paid by Gideon to assist him,
but complained because he had not re
ceived the full amount promised him.
Commissioner Stone's own son was also
offered employment and received money
from Gideon. But he. too, complained
that he had not received as his reward
the whole amount promised him by Gid
eon, and he was foolish enough to com
plain in public, thereby implicating his
father, Commissioner Stone, it was ob
vious that young Stone had been em
ployed by Gideon merely for the purpose
of gaining the good will if not the active
aid of Commissioner Stone himself.
Certain it is that Huntington was well
pleased with the work performed by the
Land Office in approving hundreds of
thousands of indemnity selections and is
suing patents therefor to his railroad,
for he called on Commissioner Stone in
person and thanked him for his Industry.
Commissioner Stone was, it seems, heav
ily involved financially at that time. Mr.
Huntington not only thanked Commis
sioner Stone, but inquired: "Governor,
what are your necessities?" and thereup
on promised to hand and did th< reafter
cause to be handed to Commissioner
Stone some $1300. But the Commissioner
had been promised $2500 by Mr. Ilunttng
ton. not as a bribe, of course— for Gov
ernor Stone's character had always been
unimpeachable— but merely "to relieve
his necessities." But, according to young
Stone, his father never received the total
amount of $2500. He was only handed
$1500.
These facts are susceptible of proof,
and this proof can be furnished if neces
sary. The above is related merely to
show Huntington's methods in Washing
ton. That he has either directly or by in
direction influenced the votes of mem
bers of Congress is not doubted where his
methods are well known.
CONVICTED OF IMITATING
THE CASTORIA LABEL
ST. LOUIS. Mo., May 15.— Samuel Es
linger, charged with imitating a labeTNof
the Centaur Company of New York, was
adjudged guilty and a fine of $230 imposed
in the Court of Criminal Correction this
afternoon. It was charged that Eslinger
in the manufacture of a preparation of
Castoria had imitated that of the Charles
H. Fletcher brand, manufactured by the
Centaur Company. Judge Clark, being a
personal friend of Mr. Eslinger, asked
Judge Hirzel of Clayton to occupy the
bench during the trial. Eslinger did not
e»ac«y duplicate the Fletcher brand of
Castoria, but the similarity was sufficient
to convict him. He will "have to go to
jail if the fine Is not paid. The" Centaur
company will continue the prosecution of
imitators of their pooda in the criminal
courts. This was the Brat case. It ends
tne litigation in St. Louis over the imita
tion ..f" the Charles H. Fletcher brand of
Castoria by Eslinger, the Centaur Com
pany winning in both the civil and crimi
nal courts.
NEW STEAMSHIP LINE
TO ORIENTAL POINTS
TACOMA, May 15.— The Empire Trans
portation Company, which was organized
in New York last year to enter the Klon
dike trade, ia preparing to start another
trans-Pacific steamship line running
from Puget Sound to Oriental ports. As
the Empire line has the powerful backing
of the . • onal Navigatioi
of Philadelphia, it ia believed in trans
portation circles that it will prove a for
midable competitor of all existing lines.
Through its connections it will be abJe to
make through low rates from European
to Oriental cities. The Crampa of Phila
delphia, who are interested in the Em
Plre iin.-, have long had their eye on tine
Orieni M 6 the flattering possibiU
f starting branch ship yards some
where on the Pacific Coast.
v ADVERTISEMENTS.
SLEEP IS NATURE'S
GREAT RESTORER.
! Disturbed Sleep Is an Indica-
tion That Your Nerves
Are Weak.
! WEAKENED NERVES LEAD TO
VERY SERIOUS AFFLICTIONS.
Sleeplessness Is an evil fraught with great
1 danger, for if prolonged it may overthrow the
reason, or produce apoplexy. The must fre-
q uent cause is weakened nerves.
There are many conditions thai result in a
weakening or injury to the nervous system,
and that accounts for the frequency of this
, baneful "affliction. Men and' women In ail
walks of fife are liable i" nervous decline.
Sleeplessness is one of the early symptoms of
! nervous prostration, it is a warning that seri-
ous disease is Impending. We cannot do with-
out refreshing sleep it is most necessary to
life. When one does not get the requisite
amount of sleep the vital energies fail to re-
cuperate, the forces are gradually expended,
the bodily strength decreases. Extreme ner-
vousness and headaches result, the memory
becomes clouded and many other symptoms en-
sue.
The surest way to overcome sleeplessness ana
i the many other symptoms due to weakened
nerves is to strengthen the nervous system.
HUDYAN. the greatest nerve and tissue build-
er of to-day, Is a positive cure. Narcotics and
sedatives should be avoided— they will result
, in harm. HUDYAN reaches the source of the
' evil. It builds up the weakened nerves, it pro-
' duces nature's sleep, the sleep that brings
health and vigor!
HUDYAN makes rich, red blood. It over-
comes weakness and debility. HUDYAN brings
\ all the organs of the body into harmonious
action. HUDYAN produce! brain quietude.
HUDYAN is for *ale by druggists— soc a pack-
age or six packages for $2 69.
If your druggist dnrs not keep ' 'VAN.
I send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
| corner Stockton, Ellis and Market sts., San
Francisco, Cal.
You may consult the Hudyan Doctors
about your case free of charge. Call or
write.
SECOND SUCCESSFUL YEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN* EVERY ROOM IS SATUR-
ated with a germicide. The patient lives in
an atmosphere that positively kills the germ
of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to the weak-
ening night sweats and cough. Temperature
falls to normal, and four weeks' treatment in-
variably increases weight from six to twenty
pounds.
The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist,
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "I
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
j ( Im- Not Im- .
Character I No. . Cured.' | proved, proved. Total.
I t
Ist Stage.. 34 29 810 34
I
I
£d Stage.. 36 12 22 2 36
3d Stage.. 30 3 12 15 ' 30
The Sanatorium is owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co., practicing the
Antiseptic Germicial Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
; physicians and nurses are in attendance. The
: Sanatorium is lighted by gas and heated by
steam and open fires. The rooms— over 100 In
number— are cheerful, sunny and well fur-
nished. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium is delightfully located, nine
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelve
acres of lawn, fruit ' trees and shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
are free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lars, together with our pamphlet, containing
views of the Sanatorium and surroundings and,
our methods of treatment, will be mailed free
l an application.
Address ail inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
TORIUM CO., Ban Gabriel, Cal.
THIS DAY, TUESDAY,
ON THE PREMISES.
ALL OF THE
FURNITURE
—OF THE . : ]*\
ALEXANDRIA HOTEL, 781 SUTTER ST.
too Rooms.
Consisting of 'Solid Oak Sets, Dressers, Che-
vals. Chiffoniers. Chairs, Rockers, Writing
I Desks, Bookcases, Folding Beds, Box Couches,
j Enamel Beds. Wardrobes, Blankets, Bedding,
i Carpets, etc.
Will be sold by the piece, room or In lots to
j suit. Open for inspection and sale from 9 a. m.
: 7*ll Gutter street.
Sale at II A. M. continuously
until all sold.
N B.— On account of the absolute necessity
■ to vacate premises at once, and the large
amount of furniture, etc.. to be disposed of, the
; services of two prominent auctioneers have
i been secured, namely— WM. BUTTERFIELD
j and LAWRENCE VINCENT.
j FASCINATING "-Mm
COMPLEXIONS^!!
That soft, smooth, rose-tinted *VvT*L, &
i complexion so much desired can \J2Z~^
be obtained by the use of WOODBURI'S Facial
; Boap and. Facial Cream. They possess marvel-
, ous power for brightening the color, givina
i new life and tone to the skin; beautifying -I
preserving the complexion.
CLEVELAND BICYCLES!
ULLILLHIIU $40 and $50
LEAVITT & BILL,
Open Every Evening. 309 Larkin St.MINERS WHO TURNED
STATE'S EVIDENCE ARE
THREATENED WITH DEATH
WARDNER, [daho, May ir..— The
publication of the news that members
>f the Miners' Union have volunteered
to turn State's evidence against the
ringleaders of the mob that blew up the
Bunker Hill and Sullivan mill has
reated consternation in the ranks of
Hi-' prosecution. Friends of leaders
have spotted the men who are reported
Lo have given facts to the prosecution,
rind it is understood that these men
have been ordered to leave the Coeur
d'Alenes before the trials take place
text month, on pain of death.
The men who have evinced a desire
to turn Stale's evidence are afraid of
their lives, and some of them have
:!skcd General Merriam's permission- to
the camp. He has refused to
grant the requesi except In the case of
a few men whose affidavits are of more
Importance than direct testimony.
Others have been told that they will
be safeguarded until the trials are over,
when it will be seen they are not mo-
I on the way out of the State, if
they then desire to go. The poor fel
lows, knowinp only too well the meth
'V the dynamiters ;■
pose of objectionable persons, are ab
solutely afraid to move out of sight of
the soldiers. Two of them, who are in
the Improvised prison, were viciously
ked to-day by men who. it is sup
posed, had received orders to put
them out of th>* way. This theory Is
borne out by the fact that the attacked
STUDENTS FIGHT
WILD WEST MEN
Princetons Mix Things
With Pawnee Bill.
to The Call.
PRINCETON, X. J . May I.",.— Princeton
■ i :d Pawnee Bill's Wild West
Indulged In a pitched battle
to-daj • was prevented
bj the pi ■ men with cool
President Patton
of Princeton University later in the day
. a mass-meeting of all the stu
■ fifty V'-ars it has been an Un
ix ol Princeton that no circus
■=• must pass through the streets.
. show proprietor In making his
has always left Princeton" from the
i matter of common
knowledge that the students would eh
the unwritten law. This morning
Pawnee Bill's Wild West combination vio
lated tradition and paraded. The result
was ■■ • battle Princeton has Been
: y years.
When posters were hung up a few days
•■ advent of Pawi
. - firs ■ sldered a joke.
Finally, wl ame known that the
\ really i n
th< town lUthorities, fearing
trouble, advised the '-ircus men not to
dc - n la advice was un
: a- ar< I i-day's light one
mar: . maj die and a
numl ■ nd employes of the
are nursing wounds received In the
• would be upa
seemed a certainty until late tliis
ion when Pr aiaent Patton called
■ lint: of all the undergraduates
faeultj . ami the result of the
lieates that the show will Leave
ted. !'ii i it will have lost
word has been passed through
\\ n that no one Is to enter the tent,
wnspeople, who are in sympa
thy with the students, arc a unit in re
fusing to attend.
Th:. eding In the usual
course In the university when the parade
started. The procession reached tn<
intpUS Without trouble, but pi
down Nassau street a.l a bad moment, for
, c th< band's w isle « is heard the
its were in the act - from
the first morning lectures to the second.
The townspeoph were out In force and
waiting for the parade and the great ma
. of them were ma i r the
campus. Word passed all along th- 1 iv- •
and within a few n r 700 stu
dents had assembled on Nassau ■
Cannon crackers left over from previous
3ions, eggs purchased at near-by
• and vegetabh s bought or i
• fmm the stores w r< assembled
quickly. The men unable to obtain these
pined themselves with clods of
turf hastily torn from the luwns. The
rted with i h<' band wagon.
Cannon crackers were thrown, and these,
exploding under the six horses, made
them frantic. The musicians were on top
of the wag • :.-. A serious runaway might
ilted had not one of th>' !.-ad>-r^
stumbled and fell, dragging down the
■ i - with him.
students meanwhile kept up a mer
bombardment with eggs and vege-
On the return the parade wl
John Lane and the students made a
grand rush to head off the procession,
n the employes of the circus were
n-egged. The cowboys and Indians
charged the students and used
whips freely. That was the turning
point of the affair. .Suing by the whips
and bruised by the riders running Into
them, the students became ugly and In a
moment missiles that were annoyiiu
not dangerous were replaced by stones,
and the flght becam< sei lous.
Revolvers were drawn, but fortunately
their owners were wise enough to fire
over the heads of the enemy. Borne of the
Mexican or South American cowboys ud-
Blung their bolas and used these with
effect, the leaden-covered ends be
dingly effective, and the cow
pi I the crowd several times and
lown those who could not get out of
■ v. in this manner Edward Dlmon,
ired man. was knocked down and
• . \. ad by t pony and Ins
-kull fractured. A Btudent was injured
pony trampling upon him. Another
: by a bola and another was
k by an Indian with one ol the
whips. Many students were less
severely hurt. The cowboys and Indians
were also badly bruised and hurt.
A mass meeting of students was called
this afternoon, attended by the whole nn
d< rgraduate body, at which Preside n1
Patton spoke in condemnation of the at
tack on the parade, positively forbidding
any student to go to the show grounds at
ni^ht. At the same time the college au
••■d to have the proctor
and a large force of assistants on duty
th<>rp.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS TO
PICNIC NEAR STOCKTON
Plans for the Entertainment of the
Grand Lodge at the Mill
City.
OTOCKTON, May IS.— The Native
Daughters of Joaquin Parlor are work
ing hard on the preparations for the
Grand Lodge, Native Daughters of the
Golden WTest, to be held hen next month.
Stockton is i<"t going to lose its reputa
tion for hospitality. It has been decided
not to produce a dr:,n,a for the benefit of
the visiting Daughters, as was originally
contemplated. Instead <>r this an even-
Ing picnic will be givefi at Goodwater
Grove "ii Wednesday. June it. These even
ing outings 'if ih»- Native Daughters have
been declared the most successful affair*
of the season, ai:<l the coming one is to
he ii" exception. The street ear company
has made arrangements to have Good
brllliantly lißhud for the
ion with electric lights and Japanese
■ rns. Refreshments will be served,
and the concourse of people will be re
galed with land music mid dancing in
the Mk pavilion. The picnic is to be.ar
V invitation affair.
Mrs. Emma Barney. Miss Hannah
Gray and Mrs. Grace Willy have been
. lected delegates to tho Grand Parlor.
Mrs Belle Conrad, past grand president
of Dardanelles Parlor No. 68 <if Bonora.
paid Joaquln Parlor an official visit and
was entertained by the members.
men are important witnesses for the
State, and by the further fact that there
was no provocation for the ass.iult. ex
cept that the men resented the insult
ing words addressed to them with the
apparent purpose of provoking a quar
rel.
One of the men was cut with a case
knife which had been filed t<> a point,
and the other had his scalp broki n
With some blunt instrument.
Statements secured by members of
the union, who hop,- to enjoy immunity
from punishment for disclosing what
they know of the mob's action, reveals
a condition of affairs that would hard
ly be thought possible to exist in a free
country. There have been plots and
counterplots without number. and even
murder has been contemplated time and
aen in to further the ends of t Vii- leaders
DENOUNCE MERRIAM
AND DEFEND MINERS
SALT LAKE, May 15.— At the meetlnj
of th> Western Federation of Miners this
n th< followlriK resolution wai
passed referring to the [daho mining
trouble:
••!. That the Industrial conditions an
ugh when it is necessary for men win
ire willinK to labor and Htk permission of il>"s<
: ana for employment to have
:he privilege to work to maintain their families
but whi -i 11 be< omes necessan to all
liermifsion from the military authorities befon
the ri^ht tv work is secured, we beli.-ve \v.
STRIKERS' RANKS
GAIN RECRUITS
Buffalo Situation Not
Improved.
Special Dispatch to The C I
P.rFFALO, N. V . May 16. -The dock
situation is worse to-night than at any
time since the opening of the season.
The monthly men— the men who work
inside of the elevators — are out. and
hav^ agreed to remain out until the
grain shovelers' and the freight hand
lers' strikes are settled. To-morrow
every elevator here wi'l be idle, unless
new men can be engaged to take the
places of the monthly men, which is
said to be improbable.
Bishop Quigley and the loaders of the
grain shovelers held a conference to
day, and it lasted until 9 o'clock to
night. The grain shovelers claimed that
.Mr. Connors had violated all the es
sential provisions of the agrement that
the Lake Carriers' Association had
made with the union. Thr- BishOD af
terward addressed a big meeting of the
grain shovelers. He told them that, in
view of the course adopted by the <-on
tractor, he would not advise them to re
turn to work. It had been derided, he
said, that the only way to win a vic
tory that would have any material re
sults, was for all the laboring men em
ployed on the docks. Including grain
Bhovelers, monthly men, freight hand
lers, coal passers or handlers, and
hoisting engineers to unite and con
tinue the iight until the grievances of
each had been settled. He said no set
tlement wouid be effected until Con
tractor Connors agreed to employ none
but members of the new (Jrain Shov
elers 1 Union. If this demand were not
agreed to. Bishop Quigley said the Car
riers' Association would also be asked
to abrogate the contract.
No settlement of the difficulty will
be reached now until all the boss scoop
ers employed by Mr. Connors are dis
charged. The freight handlers, month
ly men and hoisting engineers have
agred to stand by the grain shovelers.
and the coal passers and the ore hand
lers will make the same agreement to
inorrou.
The additions to the strikers to-day.
besides the monthly payment men. were
the local branch of the International
Union of Engineers, many of whom
are employed on the hoisting engines
along the docks. They adorned a reso
lution to assist the grain shovelers.
MARGARET MANNING
GETS THE PROPERTY
Judge Angellotti Decides the Late
Andrew Manning's Will
Is Valid.
SAX RAFAEL, May 1."..— 1n the
brated Manning case Judge Angellotti
handed down his decision to-day in favor
of ti). defendant, Margaret .Manning, and
thus disposed fif a le^ul dispute the vari
ous phasi s of which have been replete
with spicy incident-.
.1. J. Manning brought suit in the Su
■ I'ourt against 'iis sister, Margaret,
a handsome i.ionde of the statuesque
type, employi d as forewoman in a San
Francisco cloak house, to have a deed to
property valued ai $10,000, executed In her
favor by the father, Andrew Manning, of
Tomales, shortly before his death de
: a deed of trust for the eight chil
dr« ii.
It was during the Trial of the case that
Coroner E, E. Hill and Dr. Dunn cre
ated a sensation, the first by swearing
that Dr. Buckley never compounded a
prescription In which bromide of sodium
did not form an Ingredient; the second by
his testimony that Dr. Buckley was
deemed a taker by the medical fraternity.
On one occasion during the taking of the
deposition Miss Manning threatened to
horsewhip J. W. Keyes, attorney (or the
prom cution.
Judge Angellotti merely says in his de
cision that the charges of insanity and
undue Influence are not proved, without
the mention of any names he says that
out #f nineteen witnesses only one ttsti
fled that Andrew Manning was insane
'!"hat witness was Dr. Buckley. It is un
derstood that Attorneys Keyes and Allen
will appeal the case to the Supreme
Court.
HARBOR JUBILEE FUND
LESS THAN EXPENSES
Committee Attributes the Shortage to
the Action of Collis P.
Huntington.
LOB ANGBUSS. May 15. -The officers
and committeemen ot the late free har
bor lubilee are wondering how much <\,i-
P. Hnntington has had to do with
causing them their present vexation.
The funds available for settling: up the
accounts of the celebration lack pv.i of
enough to liquidate the Indebtedness In
curred. George W. Parsons, secretary of
the lubilea committee, to-day said:
"The city of San Pedro and the South
ern Pacific are to blame for the short
age. The railroad refused to give any
thing and the San Pedro Trustees voted
US $4<k> and then refused to pay it. W.
did not count on the railroad, but wo con
sidered the San Pedro" appropriation in
the assets. We are srtort about that
much."
Secretary Parsons firmly Believes that
C. i. Huntlngton prompted the obstrep
erous action of the San Pedro Board of
(Trustees.
Snowstorm in Michigan.
MARQTETTE. Mich.. May 15.— A snow
aid sleet storm prevails here to-night.
THE SAN FTiAiNCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 16, 1599.
have arrived at a condition of despotism that
augura ill for the future welfare of the people,
and we denounce in the strongest terms at our
command such assumption of power and dicta
tion as General Merrtam and his coworkera
have arrogated to themselves. Further.
Resolved, That we appeal to the organized
wage earners of the West to stand firm under
Che present crisis, for the protection of their
homes, wives, children and dependents ;iK;>inst
the aggression of organized capital and grrecd
as illustrated by the tyranny of military gov
ernment In the Ooe.ur d'Alene, tor it such
things are to be allowed to go unchecked lib
erty will soon be lost forever.
Resolved, That we stigmatize the order of
General Merriatn and the civil authorities that
men seeking employment in the minus of this
district "must renounce membership in the
miners' unions" to be worthy only of a des
potic ruler and not worthy of notice by «-'ii
zens of America, and declare that the Miners'
Union had notb whatever to do with the
destruction of the Hunker Hill mill and will
defend their right of organization.
Resolved, By the seventh annual convention
■ ft' Western Federation <n Miners that we
pledge the full strength, financial a 'i and moral
a.l of the Western Federation .■•' Mir. Of
America, backed by the Western Labor L'nirn
nnd every national and subordinate labor or
ganization on this continent, to support, main
tain and defend our fellow citizens and brother
miners now in prison and belns Illegally and
unjustly coerced by the Inquisition ■>' arrogated
military authority !n violation of the pro
visions of U>«? constitution of these l~uite-J
Btaos, which holds that th» c.v'A law is su
preme and above all military assumption;
therefore, be it further
Resolved, By this convention th.it the ex
ecutive board of this federation is hereby di
rected to employ the best ■ ■;i! counsel to be
had In the land to defend our brother miners,
now held incarcerated "1 th« military prison In
the (■...--.r d'Alcnes, and to test in our civil
courts die 1 shi of any military despot to de
clare any local union of this federation to be
an illegal and criminal body.
BRUTAL MURDER
IN FOLSOM JAIL
Recails the Hanging of
Lloyd Majors.
Special Dispatch to The ("all.
SACRAMENTO, May In.— There was
a savage assassination at Folsom prls
i fey minutes before aoon to-day.
<;>''!K<' Puttman, a ten-year man from
San Francisco, pounced upon John
Showers, a life-termer from Santa
Clara, and stabbed him four times.
Showers died within twenty minutes.
A special dispatch to the Bee
to-night says that Showers was
standing in the door of cell 70, in
the middle alloy. A word <> r two was
spoken, when Puttman struck him
across the left side of the face with a
dirk made out of an old file. The b;.>\v
split Showers' face open from the cheek
bone to the back of the head, clear to
the bone. Evidently he aimed at the
Jugular vein, but struck too high.
Apain he made a slash at Snower-'
throat, but did not strike deep enough
to eul the vital organ.
As Showers attempted to rise Putt
man closed with him and stabbed him
twice, 6nce in the left armpit and again
in the breast, striking the base if" the
heart. Then he ran toward th-' upper
end '>;' the prison, but was Intercepted
by Assistant Turnkey Cassidy md dis
armed. He still carried the bloody
knife in his hand and his clothofl W« re
splashed with blood. When questioned
he burst into team, but would pay noth
ing except cry out: "Oh, my boy! My
boy!"
This exclamation was taken to refer
to Abe Majors, now under sentenci of
d.-ath at William City. T'tah, for the
murder of Police Captain Bruwn at Oa
d< n.
Majors was paroled from Folsom
Prison on December i's, is9S, and in n
short time violated his parole and be
gan a career of highway robbery m
company with his brother Archie, who
was killed at the same time Abe mur
dered Captain Brown. While in Folsom
Majors was the inseparable companion
of Puttman.
When the n«wg came that Majors
was likely to be hanged in Itah, Putt
man began crying and taking on about
his fate. There never had been any
difficulty between Puttman and Show
ers, but sixteen years ago Showers, in
company with Lloyd Majors and a man
named Jewell, murdered two men
named Renowden ami Mclntyre mar
Los Gatos, in Santa Clara County. At
the trial Showers turned State's evi
dence, and upon his testimony Majors
and Jewell were convicted and both
hanged. Showers was given a life sen
tence in Polsom Prison. Lloyd Majors
was the father of Abe and Archie Ma
jors. It was because of his testifying
against Lloyd Majors that Puttman
conceived a murderous hatred against
him.
Showers was a model prisoner. Since
his arrival here in 1883, he has never
been punished or reprimanded and was
one <>f the hardest-working prisoners in
Folsorn. He had earned the good will
of all the officers and all the better
class of convicts. It was not known
until to-day that he had an enemy
among them.
On the other hand, Puttman has been
an incorrigible disturber and agitator.
He was sent here December 4, 1595, from
San Francisco, for a term of ten years.
He had served a previous term In the
San Francisco County Jail on a charge
reduced from felony because of his
youth. He is only 25 years of age now.'
Since his incarceration here he has con
tinually been in trouble with officers
and other convicts. He has been pun
ished eleven times, three times for as
saulting other prisoners and once for
threatening a guard. In July, 1897, he
was one of the leaders of a gang that
attempted to incite a strike among the
convicts here, in imitation of the strike
at San Quentin.
Showers, just before he died, said
that Puttman stabbed him because of
Majors' "kid." After Puttman was
locked up he clumsily simulated insan
ity. He cried out that he did not know
what was the matter or why he waa
locked Up.
The murder of Showers is regarded by
prison officials as one of the direct out
comes of the miscarriage of justice in
the Oppenhelmer cast-. Oppenheimer,
who was once a San Francisco messen
ger boy. murdered a prisoner named
Koss in the Folsom Prison last year,
under almost Identically the same cir
cumstances. His neck was saved by a
gang of fellow toughs swearing him out
of it. It is supposed that Puttman has
a gang already staked out to testify in
his behalf. He belongs to the same gang
that Oppenheimer did.
The murder bears every evidence of
having been a carefully planned assas
sination.
KAISER'S PLAY PRESENTED.
NEW YORK. May 15.— A cable to the
World *"rom Rerlin says: The second play
of the lV'henzollrrn series, suggested and
partly "Vritten by tho Kaiser, was pro
<!'ici(l oil Sunday at Wiesbaden before the
imperial court. The piece is entitled "The
!mn Tooth." It deals with the German
political struggles <>f the fifteenth cen
tury. It met an indifferent reception.
Death of a Famous Critic.
PARIS. May 15.— Franclsque Bareejr, the
famous dramatic critic, died to-day in
his seventy-first year.
ARBITRATION
ADVANCED ON
PROGRAMME
American and British Dele
gates Making Progress
at The Hague.
nr wt rAvrrnrvrr
\ v\ \ r I 1 1 \r r iV 1 1 r
I lAIL tUiM Ll\La\\jL
Papal liiternuncio Leaves as a
Protest Against the Omission to
Invite Vatican to Participate.
Si ial Dispatch to The Call.
THE HAGUE, May 15.— M. de Staal,
I the Russian Embassador to the court
I <>f -St. James, representative of the
Russian Government at the peace con
ference, and president of that body,
; conferred with the Foreign Minister of
i the Netherlands, W. H. de Beaufort,
to-day and handed him th" decoration
of the Alexander Nevski order. In so
doing thf Russian representative ex
pressed the Czar's gratitude for the
hospitality extended t-> the delegates.
The peace conference will hold its
first sitting at 2 o'clock on Thursday
afternoon next.
It is understood that the Americans
and British are meeting with some suc
cess in their efforts to get the question
of international arbitration, which is
now the eighth article of the pro
gramme, advanced to the first place.
Acting on an order from the Papal
Secretary cf State, Cardinal Rampolla,
the papel loternuncio left The Hague
to-day as a protest .'.-Minst the omis
sion "i" the Government of the Nether
lands, acting on behalf of Russia, to
invite the Vatican to send a represent
ative.
SIGNIFICANCE OF
AMERICAN PARTICIPATION
ROME, May 15. -Ex-Prime Minister
Crispi has contributed a noteworthy
article on the peace conference to the
Nuovia Antologia. He says he consid
ers the invitation to the (Jolted States
to participate in the conference a fact
of thf first importance, especially as
South American States are not Invited.
The appearance of North America in
the councils of Europe is a precedent
which will be followed by the interven
tion of the United States in all Euro
pean questions.
The chief interest in the article cen
ters in the record of a conversation the
writer had with M. Gambetta in Paris,
August 30, 1877. Gambetta then feared
a coup d'etat, and Signor Crispi re
marked to him that the army and
clergy constituted dangers for the re
public. M. Gambetta agreed, and de
clared the only remedy would be uni
versal disarmament. As Signor CilspJ
was about to visit Prince Bismarck at
Gastern, M. Gambetta commissioned
him to discuss the delicate Question of
disarmament with the Chancellor. The
latter declared disarmament was pra -
tically impossible. He added: "Words
have not yet been found to express the
limits of armament or disarmament.
Military Institutions vary in each coun
try, and when you have put all your
armies on a peace footing you will nut
be able to say different motions are in
equal conditions for defense and of
fense. Let us leave the matter to peace
societies."
Signor Crispi's ronclusion is scarcely
more optimistic than was Prince Bis
marck's. The conference at The Hague,
he writes, avoids but does not eliminate
reasons fur a quarrel, and neglects
without destroying the germs of war
and revolution. Wars and revolutions
may be delayed, but will burst forth
whenever nations think lit. Europe has
but one way of lasting safely, namely,
the substitution of united states for di
vided states. Thus alone can centuries
of rancor, animosity, envy and preju
dice be canceled by sisterly work and
civil progress fraught with happiness
for the race, which has hitherto been
poisoned by barbarous lust of conquest.
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
FAVORS DISARMAMENT
NEW YORK, May 16.— A cable to the
Journal from Paris says: Archbishop
Ireland gave the following statement to
the Journal correspondent to-day in an
swer to a reauest for his views on the
coming peace conference:
"All civilized nations favor the under
lying principles of The Hague confer
ence. All Intelligent men recognize that
Internationa] differences should be set
tled upon an intellectual basis, whenever
possible. While I cannot anticipate the
work of the delegates and while it would
ill become me to offer suggestions to such
a distinguished intellectual body. 1 am
free to say that there is no other work
so well calculated to bring happiness to
nil nations as that with which they are
confronted.
"The piling up of huge armies is the
bane of Europe. Most countries have
reached a straining point in this respect,
and unless a remedy be applied speedily,
irretrievable ruin stares them in the face.
Civilization and Christianity are concur
rent forces which could and should be
made to stop the spectacle of nations
aiming themselves to the teeth for the
purpose of destroying one another.
"Hind, | am not an advocate of peace
at any price. There are times when war
is unavoidable. Occasions may even
arise when war is as lawful as righteous,
as holy as any of the wars of the cru
sades. When I was in Rome I found
everybody in favor of pence."
Access to Vatican Papers.
NEW FORK, May 15.— A cable to the
Journal from London says: V. Marlon
Crawford has obtained through the Vati
can access to special papers which ho
will use as material for his biography of
Pope Leo.
LOOKING FOR WINEMAN.
Agent of a Big Beer House in Trouble
Over a Ring.
Sim R. Wlneman. general traveling
agent of the Anheuser-Busch Brewing
Company of St. Louis, while cutting a
dash In this city last March obtained a
three-stone diamond ring from Ralph
Friedman, a jeweler at 11 Stockton street,
agreeing that the ring should be the prop
erty of Friedman until he paid $138 for it,
and further agreeing that he would not
take tht property out of the State until
it was paid for. As Wlneman did not keep
either promise, but left tho State with
out paying for the ring, Mr. Friedman
last Saturday swore to n criminal com
plaint ' before Police Judge Graham
charging Wineman with felony embezzle
ment. A warrant w;ia Issued for his ar
rest. As soon as the whereabouts of the
young man can be learned requisition pa
per* will ho applied tor to have him re
turned to this city.
GOES TO HONOLULU
TO BECOME A BRIDE
SAN JOSE, May 15.— The Garden
» 'ity is to lose one of its prettiest
and most popular young ladies
during the coming week. Miss
Virginia McAran, the daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. C. D. Wright, will leave
for Honolulu, accompanied by her
mother, next Wednesday on the steamer
Moana. On their arrival at the islands
Miss McAra.i will become the bride of
George A. Ord'.vay, a furniture dealer
and capitalisi.
The a] proacHing wedding is causing
a stir in society. Mr. Ordway is a
brother <>f U. J. Ordway, the talented
banjoist, who made his home here for
several seasons. It was while on visits
to his brother Mr. Ordway met his
fiancee. Tin- engagemeni has been
SHORTRIDGE AND
BILLS CLASH
Pyrotschnics in Court
at San Jose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May 15.— The suit of Cap
tain W. A. Nevills against Samuel M.
and Charles M. Shortridge to recover
$30,000 due on two promissory notes
was up before Judge Lorigan to-day.
It was decided in favor of the Messrs.
Shortridge. on the ground that it was
prematurely brought.
Senator Charles M. Shortridge and
Captain Nevills clashed in Judge Lori
gan's court during the trial this after
noon, and possible bloodshed was avert
ed only by the summoning of a bailiff
to restore order. Shortridge was lined
550 or two days' imprisonment in jail
for applying vile epithets to the million
aire miner, and paid the fine. Nevills
made a motion as if to draw a revolver,
and when he attempted to arise from
his chair Attorneys Keardon and Camp
bell caught hold of him.
The sensation of the day came with
the appearance of Senator Shortridge
on the witness stand. Attorney Rear
don inquired of the witness if at an
interview in his office he (Reardon) had
agreed to extend the time of the notes
one year if Shortridge would let his
furniture and library in at $5000 instead
of $7000.
"Yes, I let that rob me of $20,000,"
replied Shortridge, pointing at Nevills.
Nevills reached under his coat as if
for a revolver and started to arise from
his chair. His attorneys grabbed him.
Shortrldge glared at Nevills and applied
another epithet.
Judge iiorigan then took a hand. He
upbraided the Senator for having used
indecent language and lined him $50 for
contempt, with the alternative of two
days in jail. Later the Judge cut off the
alternative and Shortridge paid the
fine. After court adjourned Senator
Shortridge said he was willing to pay
550 for a chance to express his opinion
of Nevills.
Shortridge and Nevills met on the
courthouse steps this morning and a
clash was then narrowly averted.
On November 30, 1896, the Shortridge
brothers borrowed $60,000 from Nevills
on two promissory notes, giving as se
curity a house and lot on Washington
street. San Francisco, some land in
Arizona and property in this county.
The notes were payable one year after
date, but interest or principal came
not. Nevills and Samuel Shortridge
had a falling out later, and the former
demanded his money. When about to
bring foreclosure proceedings the
Messrs. Shortrldge turned over the
property as part payment on principal,
and they were given a year's further
time on thebalance. Now Nevills wants
a settlement. The Messrs. Shortrldge
were credited with a payment of $31,672
on the principal on April 30 last by the
turning over of the property. After
ward Nevills secured Charles M. Short
ridge's furniture and allowed a further
credit of $7000.
Nevills .claims these credits applied
to both dotes. The Shortridges deny
this. In answer they set forth that the
$20,000 note has been paid and that the
credits applied on the $40,000 note only.
Furthermore, they presented a counter
claim of $15,000 against Nevills for
counsel services rendered by S. M.
Shortrldge, and asked for a dismissal of
the suit and a judgment against their
erstwhile friend.
Samuel M. Shortridge was on the
stand the most of the day. At times
he waxed wroth. He denounced Nev
ills as a "malicious, wanton and vicious
man, who had sought to ruin his broth
er and himself."
World's Fastest Stern-Wheeler.
PORTLAND. Or.. May 15.— The river
steamer Hassalo, on a builder's trial to
day, steamed for over a half hour at a
speed of twenty-five miles an hour and
during a short spurt of two miles speeded
up to twenty-six and three-quarters miles
an hour, making her the fastest stern
wheeler In the world. The Hassalo is the
first stern-wheeler built in the North
west with triple compound engines.
short, however, dating back but three
months. No time has been set for the
nuptials because of the uncertainty of
the steamer's arrival, but it will be
within a day or two after they reach
their destination. The marriage will be
a church affair, the Catholic Bishop rf
the diocese to be the officiating clergy
man. An elaborate wedding breakfast
will follow. The honeymoon will be
spent in a tour of the islands and a
visit to the volcano.
Miss 'liAran is a favorite in this
city and her friends will greatly miss
her. With her mother. Mrs. C. D.
Wright, sh'' has been continuously at
the front In ch.urch and Bociety affairs.
Mr. Ordway is a native of San Fran
cisco and has been in the island capital
for eighteen >»'i<rs. Mrs. Wright will
make a stay of a couple of months with
her daughter.
VAIN SEARCH FOR
HILLARY STARR
Still No Trace of the
Missing Man.
Special Dtepetcti to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. May 15.— The mys
tery surrounding the sudden disappear
ance of Hillary S. Starr, the young
superintendent of the Oak Knoll ranch,
near Pasadena, three weeks ago re
mains unsolved. While the family of
Starr has not blocked the investigation
it is well known that its reticence and
exasperating apathy have prevented
much information coming to the sur
face that could have been utilized by
the friends who volunteered aid and
took a l ersonal interest in the search
for the absent man. From Detective
A. Gard, who has been employed upon
the case, it was learned to-day that
Starr some years ago. while residing
in Colorado, suddenly left home ;ind
w«s absent for an extended period, but
he did not surround his disappearance
then with sensational features. He re
turned voluntarily but refused to give
an explanation for his absence or to tell
where he had secreted himself.
The Starr family, since the shock of
the husband's leaving has passed, is !
lain ring under the impression that the l
missing man will return. This is
heightened by the information from all
recruiting stations that no one answer
ing Starr's 'description has applied for j
enlistment in the army, and by the fact j
that while offers of reward have sent
scores of men in quest of the missing
man no clew has been found that would
lead to the belief that he had been dealt
with foully.
FRIENDS OF GAGE
GROWING RESTLESS
Angered Because a Number of Ap
pointments Are Hanging
Fire.
LOS ANGELES. May 15.— Politicians '
who are scrambling for the loaves in the !
Whittier Reform School trust that Gov
ernor <«ayv, when he arrives the latter
part of this week, may be able to disen
tangle the mess. Two vacancies in th»
directory have existed for three weeks.
The most Interesting contest is for the
superintendency. which Van Alstyne will ;
vacate soon as the lew board is organ
ized. It was said to-day Gage would be
asked to explain to ins friends here his
attitude upon many appointments that are
still hanging tire and they would Insist
that before the Governor goes into the
Yosemite Valley for the summer with
Senator White and 'Jenrge Dt-nnis he sat
isfy the clamor for recognition by cut
ting away from the influences that sur
round him and making a brave stand in
open for his friends.
UNION BANK SUITS.
Majority of Stockholders Will Fight
the Depositors.
SAX JOSE, May Vo.-At an informal
meeting of the board of directors of the
Union Savings Bank this afternoon it was
decided to call a meeting- of stockholders
for Friday afternoon next at Rale's Hall
to take action in regard to the suits
brought by the depositors. Attorney J. R.
"Welch, representing the depositors," began
suit a few days ago against seventy-seven
of the stockholders in the Justices' Court,
and is about to bring two other suits in
the Superior Court against 2-'r> stockhold
ers. Some of the stockholders have al
ready paid up rather than stand suit, but
the majority opposes paying and will
tight in the courts.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
i.W <^-ft<V3<sVC9 < sVS < sV»<V»'i
BEECH AM'S
B^BB B €? make life
r"BBmBm%9 worth living
Care Billons and Nervous Disorders.
IO cent* nud 95 cants, at drat? itoroM.
REBELS ARE
INVADING
KOWLOON
Oppose British Occupation
of the Newly Ceded
Territory.
AID HURRIEDLY SENT
English Gunboats Proceed to the
Scene and the Hongkong
R g ment Also Sent.
Special Dispatch to The ("all
HONGKONG, B£ay 15.— The native
opposition t<> the occupation by Brit
ish forces of the new territory, Kow
loon, opposite Hongkong, has sudden
ly been renewed. About 900 men of the
Hongkong regiment with 'na<hine guns
are leaving here to-day aid t"-nichr r
while the volunteers have been warned
to be in readiness for any emergency.
The British second-clasa gunboat Swift
and tbree other gunb oats are proceed
ing to sea under sealed orders. These
warships have 500 men on board. The
territory back of the hinterland is also
disturbed and Chinese troops have been
sent there.
Later — Thirteen hundred and fifty in
fantry soldiers, 100 artillerymen, fifty
engineers and 500 marines have gone
to ihe Kowloon hinterland. The
greatest secrecy is observed as to the
plans of the British authorities, and
nothing- is definitely known regarding
the destiny of the troops, but it seems
evident that tlu- two detachments will
advance on Tai Po Fu and Deep Bay,
cut off the rebels and drive them from
the ceded territory.
The gun vessels engaged in the oper
ations have been provisioned for eight
<lays.
Troops are patrolling the European
quarter of Kowloon. !t is reported
that Chinese rebels from Tungkuns
invaded British territory last evening
and thai two armed gangs robbed the
city of Kowloon.
Hongkong itself is Muiet.
MAY SUE FOR DIVORCE.
NEW FORK, May 15.— Mrs. Minnie
Sfligman Cutting said last night that if
her husband, Robert Fulton Cutting,
Bailed for Europe soon, as it was reported
he would. sh< would at once bring action
for divorce. Mrs. Cutting, or Miss Minnie
S( ligman, ;is sh'- la known oi> the a
admitted that they had been living apart
since last October. Mrb. Cutting said:
"Mr. Cutting is not supporting m^. and
he has nut supported m<- for eighteen
months. I do not cherish ill feeling
toward my husband— far from it. "But he
has practically d< serted me."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Is She Your Daughter?"
Have you * ybung daughter just at tht
age when young girls most need a mother's
loving care Is she physically strong and
well or does she suffer from any weakness
of the delicate, organism which most inti-
mately concerns her womanhood?
If so, you understand her suffering better
than anyone else can. You know that such
troubles, . unless remedied, mean a life of
incapacity and wretchedness for her. You
appreciate Lerreluctar.ee to undergo physi-
cian's "examinations" and "treatments;"
and you will be glad of assurance from the
most eminent medical authorities in this
country that in nineteen cases out of
twenty these mortifying methods are ab-
solutely unnecessary.
Any mothtr who will write about her
daughters case, to Dr. R. V. Pierce, chief
consulting physician of the Invalids' Ho-
tel and Surgical Institute, of Buffalo, N.Y.,
will receive free of cost the best profes-
sional advice obtainable, and instructions
whereby a complete cure may, in nearly
every instance, be effected by simple, com-
mon-sense home methods.
-No living physician has a wider practical
experience or a higher reputation in the
treatment of diseases peculiar to women
than Dr. Pierce. His " Favorite Prescrip-
tion " is the only proprietary remedy ever
designed by an educated authorized physi-
cian spectrally to cure women's diseases.
His great 1000-page illustrated book, "The
People's Common Sense Medical Adviser,"
is of priceless value to every mother. It
will be sent absolutely free on receipt of
21 one-cent stamps, to pay the cost of mail-
ing only. Address, World's Dispensary
Medical Association, Buffalo, N. V. ; or,
send 31 stamps for a heavy, cloth -bound
copy. :' •':" -,".. '
The unfailing, never -griping cure for
constipation— Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets.
IV9AKE PERFECT MEN
JjUBBL-' bo SOT DESPAIR ! Do not Su-
ffer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
JCs?*'"*Q6sa lite can be restored to you. The very
HI «*3 worst cases of Xervou* IJebllityar*
a absolutely DESPAIR ! Do not Suf-
ffr Longer: The juys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst esses of Sicrvou* Debility ara
:l bsolut«lv rured by PERFE('TO
■AS. -tLFWk TABLETS. Uive prompt relief toin-
*Bff "^fiwHsoiniiia, falling; memory and the waste
«lV\»i<~SwSjr anddrtln or vital powers, incurred by
<*1 i awOSB* indiscretions or excesses of ear 1 ;, years.
t-^JS?^*"^ Impart TiKOT and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Hive yg^Bw bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /~f»"\ young or old.
One Me box renews vital energy. JJllie boxes nt
ri.hOn complete uiiainntn.-d cure or money re-
funded. Can I).- carried in rest -*mr pocket.- Sold
everywhere. or mailed in rlnin wrapper on receipt of
y-***« .— - "■"' .*" "' ~' ' '- ill.
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. 8. F. and Oakland.
-- - 1
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great k
visit DR. JORDAN'S great*
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
§ C% lCilili2SSl:T.tet.C±4"ti,S.r.Cil. i
\ q The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
a —jf^—- World. Wealcnewes or any contracted A
V jfeJ^SA disease pmiliv^lycurrdliyihc oldest T
# I wl Specialist on the Coast Est 36 years. 9
i $*¥» I OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
A i^nE]bH Consultation free and strictly private. \
I ' D ic^lL U ~ rrl! "'<:iit personally or by Irttcr. A A
I\fi W vll Positive Cur» in every case undertaken. W
ill IIA Write for I'll ll.Osol'Jl Vof A
1 'II II >S IHAHItIACK. MAILED FREE. fAf
I- <J {J. ■ ' valuable book for mpn) . A
I ' DR. JORDAN *«.:<>.. 1051 Market St., S. F. ¥
drmcnultyT
'PHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABf.EOLD
i Specialist cm/j Private, Nervous, ami Blood Dis-
eases 0/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and ,
Weaknesses of Mei:.free. Over2oy'rs' experience.
Pa tieiitscurwi nt Home. Terms reasonable. Hours!)
to3dnlly to 8::» ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
. tation free and sacredly confldcatfal. Call.oraadreaa
P. KOSCOE MfMLTY. M. D.
26}, Kearny St., San Francisco. CaL
34
BOY ACCIDENTALLY
KILLS HIS FATHER
Whjile the Lad Is Cleaning a
Rifle the Weapon Is Dis
charged.
0 RED LANDS, May I"..— Joseph West of Santa Ana Canyon was shot and %
.• mortally wounded by his U-year >ld ion yesterday. The boy was attempting •*"
$ to extract a cartridge from a rifle. The father cautioned him to he care- ft
V ful. No sooner had he given the warning than the rifle was discharged. S
V The ball entered the father's side under the left arm and pierced the body, £
» passing through the left lobe 'of the lung and coming out below the shoulder £•
0 blade. Mr. West attempted to reach the telephone in his residence, but was 'Q
i* unable to do bo. Mrs. West was at a neighbor's place four miles down the £*
□ canyon, and it was some time before she returned and aid was summoned, £ :
fc> Drs. Sanborn and Blythe of this city were called, but could do nothing to x"
~ prolong Mr. West's life. He expired at midnight. The body was brought to r ,
V this city this afternoon by Undertaker Rohrer. An inquest will be held to- i 3'
M morrow morning. '•
w Mr. West was in charge of the head works of the Southern California q>
£♦ Power Company at Santa Ana Canyon, twenty miles from this city. He was si I
<5 bout 45 years of age. He loaves a widow and live children. O
• v>:«v:>\ovo.\v •. o\v\o\c^o\vv:\vov:-v;>\v\v \ ov:».%o\o*.v\o%#
INSANE JEALOUSY
LEADS TO MURDER
Double Tragedy Near
Santa Maria.
Special Disraeli to The
SANTA BARBARA, May L 5. A sad
double tragedy was enacted yesti
afternoon about ten milea from Santa
Maria, in a Becluded and unfrequi
spot j. m. Hamilton, a painter by
trade and In the employ of the Union
Sugar Company, cut his wife's throat
with a rusty pocketknife and then
killed himself. It is believed he was
n his right mind and was Jealous
of his wife.
Hamilton and his wife drove over to
visit their daughter, Mrs. James 011
--vera, who lives on the Dutard ranch,
ten miles from the Union Sugar Com
pany's factory. They Bpenl yesterday
afternoon with her. Mrs. Olivers noticed
nothing unusual In the conduct of her
father, and he seemed to be In th.' best
of spirits. At 5 o'clock Hamilton and
h;s wife start. d for home A half hour
later the team came back to the Olivers
ranch on a dead run. hauling an empty
buggy. Rancher Olivers and a party
• •! .i v n the road to search for Mr.
ami Mrs. Hamilton. Wh< n aboui three
miles away, in a little hollow secluded
lU Bides by trees, thej found Mrs.
Hamilton lying beside the road dead.
I !•. : thn at bad been cut from ear to
ear. Hamilton was sitting some dis
tance away, with his hack against a
knife in his
hand. Olivers yelled at Hamilton,
whereupon the latter turned upon him
self th<- same rusty knife with which
he had destroyed his wife, cutting his
OWI throat and dyii instantly,
without a word for his son-in-law.
Near \ty was found a note, unlntelligi
ept for these few words:
• I do this because it "
He had addressed It to no one appar
had he finished it. The sus
n is that he was writing the note
as ;h>- party came upon him.
Shortly after perintendent of
County Schools Edwards and Mr. Mar
but drove by. These e> ntlemen watche 1
th<- bodies while the Olivera party
drovi Santa Maria, a distance
of ten mil.-s. over a rough country road,
and at midnight Acting Coroner L. J.
Morris was notified. He went to the
• of the murder and suicide and
returned with the bodies. To-day the
Coroner's Jury rendered a verdict t
"murdt r and suit
Hamilton was 49 years of age and his
wife 3^. They were natives of Georgia
and had resided on this coast fifteen
years, living ai different times at Pasa
dena, Los '- ukiar. i. Ban Fran
cisco, Lompoc, Bakersfield and Santa
Maria. He had been In the employ of
the Union Sugar Factory only three
weeks. He leaves three children— Mrs.
era and tw.. sons, one of whom
lives at Santa Maria. Hamilton and
his wife will be buried tv-morrow by
the ' >dd >'■
For five years Mrs. Hamilton know
that her husband was not balanced
mentally. Although his employers
never noticed anything wrong with
him. yet at times he would become very
brutal about th^ house. He was known
to be insanely jealous of his wife, al
thouch without caus( .
BISBEE MINER'S PICK
STRIKES DYNAMITE
One Man Killed and Two Injured by
an Explosion in a
Drift.
RIPPEE. Ariz.. May 15.— An explosion
rred In one of the drifts of the
South Hisbee Mining Company's mine at
midnight last night, killing one man and
Injuring two others. The dead man was
James McNeall, who was drilling a
to lead a charge. His drill hit an old
Ich had been left |>y some other
miner. He was directly over it. and when
point of his drill struck it was shot
to pi' ' left arm was blown off,
both eyes shot out and bis body muti
lated.
rl ftteCluteheon and J<">p O'Hara were
badly brulsefll, but ■ • roualy in
|ured. O'Hara was struck by a flying
rock on the ■ f the h< id and knocked
McClul aped with
?nly a slisrht injury, but was stunned.
He soon regained consciousness, ra:.
t h»- ofiß>-. ami. putting McNeill .[) and
Og O'Hara, brought them to th(
McNeill had many friends here. He was
an old-timer.
MURDOCK NOTE CASE
NEARING ITS CLOSE
WILLOWS. May 15.— Attorney F. C.
Lusk concluded his two days of argu
ment in the Murdock case this after
noon. General Barnes will to-morrow
n!?h the argument for the defense; then
Grove L. John* i has two days In which
:o close for the plaintiff.
The trouble between E. Saftig, a Plnk
erton detective, and ■ O rove L. Johnson
was settled on Saturday night by Saf
tig being discharged by Mr. Lusk.
?aftig admitted h'- was in the wrong to
a certain extent, but says he never at
tempted to draw a pistol on Mr. John
jon..
Pears'
Only they who
use it know the
luxury of it.
LIVELY EIGHT ON
DEAD MAN'S ISLE
Workmen Driven Off by
Police.
I l>iFpatoh tv The Call
VANCOUVER, H. C. May 15.— The
Htru:ri:l>' for the possession of the alleged
la] naval reserve known as Dead
Man's [sland, betwen the Chicago cap
italists, Stuart & Wells, and the pro
vincial government, culminated in ;t
fight on the Island to-day. Theodore
Ludgate, who is acting for the Chicago
men, although arrested a short time
ago at the Instance of the city, took
over sixty men before daybreak this
morning and commenced to fell all the
magnificent timber on the island. He
(red a message last night from the
Federal Government, which had grant
ed him a lease of the island, giving him
1 permission to go ahead with the work
ol erecting an immense sawmill.
The men had been at work at. out two
hours when all the provincial police
men in the city and a squad of city
policemen landed. They were accom
panied by Attorney General Martin,
Major Garden and Magistrate Ander
son. Ludgate was told to stop work
at once. He said:
"1 am empowered by the Dominion
Government to go ahead and I defy
\ ou to stop me."
The Attorney General then ordered
his arrest. Ludgate. who is a young
: Hercules, standing six fVet three, coolly
Folded his arms and waited for the ap
proach of Officer Campbell. The latter
advanced with a pair or handcuffs, but
in a trice was thrown on his back by
the mm l.ian. lit- called loudly for the
city police to help him. Several re
sponded and a desperate hand-to-hand
encounter ensued. Ludgate was thrown
to the ground and badly cut about the
face. Captain rates, who is working
with him, called upon th.- nun em
ployed in clearing the Island to as
sist their leader.
In groups of five and six the men
hurried to the Bpot, armed with axes.
j'irks and shovels. While Lutlc.it!',
bleeding and covered with mud. strug
gled with the officers, Magistrate An
derson mounted a slump and as the
sixty employes were ai"'ut to make an
attack on the Government officials and
police officers he read the riot act.
"Say the wurd. captain." said the men
to Ludgate, who was by this time hand
cuffed, "and well throw the officers
Into the st-a."
"Mi-n. I don't want to see any blood
shed." replied Ludgate. "We will have
to give in to the law this time.
The Attorney General then addr
j the infuriated workmen and said if
they did not leave the island in thirty
minutes he would order them shut
down. The men hold a hurried confer
ence and finally decided to leave. Lud
gate was driven to the city. Becurely
Ironed, with two policemen guarding
him. When he reached here he was
surrounded by a large crowd of promi
nent citizens, who offered him every
support in his fight. This afternoon
Ludgate was brought before Magistrate
Anderson on a charge of unlawfully
cutting timber on crown lands. The
case was adjourned uptil Thursday.
A serious oonflict is now imminent
Viet ween the Dominion and Provincial
governments. That the imperial Gov
ernment also is taking a hand in the
matter is evidenced by the fact that
the warship Egeria arrived in port
In response to a hurried message this
afternoon, and is now anchored off the
island. Ludgate is free again, and it
is reported to-night he will land 150
men on the island early in the morn
ing.
SHOUP SAYS QUAY
WILL BE SEATED
Appointees From Other States, He
Thinks. Will Also Be Admitted
to the Senate.
BOISE. Idaho. May 15.— Senator Shoup
returned from Lemhi County to-day. He
| was asked what his altitude was respect
ing the seating of Senator Quay on the
■ Governor's appointment. He said he was
not prepared to announce what he would
do, but it was his opinion that Quay
! would be seated. He based his opinion on
the fact that in the Mantle contest the
Republicans largely voted for seating the
applicant. He did not know how the new
' men felt, but it was his opinion that the
large Republican majority would be suf
ficient to carry Senator Quay in if the
; vote remained divided anywhere near the
same as before. The Corbett case, he said,
was not a criterion, as the surrounding
conditions were much different.
The s-f-iitiiiff of Quay, he said, would
carry with it the yeatir.p; of appol
from other States. The Senator voted for
Mantle and the others that year whose
hinged on the Mantle decision.
WILL TEACH AT STANFORD.
T. F. Huntington Engaged as an In
structor in English.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. May 15—
Dr. Jordan has long had the Idea of mak
ing those departments which interest the
men of the University as strong as possi
ble. A short time ago the law depart
ment was added to, and before long some
new additions will be made to the eco
nomics department. To-day Professor
Lathrop announced the appointment of
T. F. Huntineton as an instructor of
English.
Mr. Huntlngton graduated from the
classical course at Cornell College i.i 1898,
and was for two years a graduate stu
dent at Johns Hopkins and Harvard Uni
versities, taking the degree of A. M. at
Harvard. After leaving Harvard he
taught English for two years, one year
as instructor and one as acting profes
sor, in Lake Forest University. From
Lake Forest he went to the headship of,
the English department in. the South Side
High School at Milwaukee, where he
still Is. .--.-> .
Mr. Huntington took high rank as a
student and has been a successful teach
er. He has been for some years a con
tributor to various magazines and period
icals, and is the editor of some texts of
English poets published for school use.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 10, 189J>.
MR . HUNTINGTON'S
CHANGE OF TONE
Ellwood-Surf Line Wil
Be Built.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, May 15.— The
determined stand titkon by Louis ( !.
Dreyfus and the trustees of thn Hollla
ter estate, through whose ranch the
roast mad will lie for a distance of
twenty-seven miles, has made Collis
I. Huntingdon back down to a certain
extent, and he has now apreed to oo
operate with the people of this county
in their endeavors to dear the diffl
i culty. The following letter will appear
I In the Morning Press to-morrow:
sax FRANCISCO, May 11, iw.
Mr. Edward Ivison, Santa Barbara-
Pear Sir: Yours of the 10th, with news
paper clippings inclosed, is received, for
j which you have my thanks. I think you
In Santa Barbara and those living along
the line of the road know as well as we
do what is required, and. as I wrote you
[ before. I would like to have the right of
way cleared up as soon as it well can be.
1 will endeavor, and l think I could get
my co-associates to pay something
toward the accomplishment of this
end. but I would like to know just
what it will cost to g-et the free right
of way bo that we could cover the gap
with workmen. I have given orders to
the contractors not to put on any greater
force until this matter is settled, and of
I course we shall jrive a reasonable time
! for this right of way matter to be cleared
up. It is quite true that we did not agree
to build the road until all the rights of
way had been furnished, and we are,
therefore, in a sense technically blame
less, having dime what we agreed t" do.
At the same time I do not feel satisfied
with what we have done, thinking that
we have come a little short ourselves of
doing the best we knew how toward
I building this road, and bo I shall speak
with in >• people and get them if I can to
agree to pay a part of the expense of
clearing up thosi' rights of way, only we
must know just what the expense will be
and know as soon as the information can
be given us. We cannot wait very long
for it. and we cannoi afford to push the
work ahead until the question of rights
of way is entirelj cleared up and closed.
I hope i: will be done promptly. Yours
truly. C. P. HUNTINGTON.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed: lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall In Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable. Gentle Saddle Horses
and Ponies.
OVER SO KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician In attendance; superb climate:
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer and
small game plentiful: magnificent drives;
baths in variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route Into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland, IS: via Cnllstoga. $9.
Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland. or
S. P. R. R. to Calistoga. For Illustrated pam-
phlet or further information address J. CRAIO.
Highland Sprites. Lake County. Cal. or see
L. D CRAIG IK Montgomery st. ■
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Poda Water Co.. Thirteenth
and Webster sts.. Oakland. ■'"
AHRENS. PEIN & BCLLWINKEL.
620 Post St.. San Francisco.
FREE CAMPING
Ideal camping spots all along the main
line, Sonoma and Guerneville branches of
: the California Northwestern Railway
(lessee Ban Francisco and North Pacific
Railway), the picturesque route of Calt-
i forma. While parties can camp any-
where, close to or remote from the rail-
road, a few picturesque spots especially
adapted for campers have been selected
on account of tneir easy access to San
Francisco.
Glen Ellen Park and four miles along
Sonoma Creek, beautifully .shaded. Excel-
lent fishing and bathing. Mr. C. E. Ilar-
vey, a 1 Glen Ellen, will show locations.
Mirabel Park, on our Guerneville
' branch adjoining the railroad, and skirted
by Mirk West Creek, which is now
dammed affording line bathing, boating
for two miles, and good fishing. Man in
charge How boats ai reasonable rental.
Guernevill< . In the midst of the redwood
' country, and on the Russian River, is
practically the terminus of the Guerne-
ville branch. The people of the town and
vicinity und< r the name of the Business
Men's Association, of Guerneville, offer
free camping Bites throughout the whole
. section. The Russian River will be
damm<d. affording a magnificent sheet of
: water for bathing and boating. Mr. D.
■ 11. proprietor of the livery stable at
'< Guerneville. representing the association,
will meet all trains, and without charge
will show prospective campers the various
locations.
To and from all these points double
daily train service.
Supplies delivered on the grounds by
the merchants of the adjoining towns.
Tickets for camping parties are to be
procured at Ticket Office. 650 Market st.
For .let ailed information apply at Ticket
Offio<\ 650 M.irket st.. Chronicle building.
General Office, Mutual Life building,
Sansome and California streets.
H C. WHITING, R- X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
VICHY SPRINGS?
THREE MILES FROM L'KIAH. MEXDO-
cIno County. Natural electric waters,
' champagne baths. Only place In the world of
: this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing and hunting.
■ Crystal Spring?. Accommodations and table
first-class. 3 A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
Th« Place for f\T^ i^U A DTV n tfc « FOOT-
REST and ORCHARDhiIIs^.
HEALTH SPRINGS *£%$&
Im»x "i^vw the C. P.R.R.
; Plain. Quiet Retreat; Finest Scenery, Water,
Mountain Air. Fruit nnd All the Tear
Arouni Climate in California.
! Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs. Chicago Park, Cal.
/Etna Springs
cures . •
many things.
I trains daily— a. m.. 4 p. m. Round trip
$7. Includes private carriage to Springs. W. L.
MITCHELL, Aetna Springs, Napa Co., Cal. ;
OPENS MAY Ist.
ROYVARDENNAN,
Santa Cruz Mountains of San Lorenzo River, i
SH hours from S. F. ; 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electricity; ten-
nis, bowling, boating, bathing, fishing and golf
links; elegant hall and dining room; club, bil-
liard and smoking rooms; new hard-finished
and elecantly furnished; telephone. OPENS
MAT 1: round trip, »3. Address. W. E. VEA-
-7.1 K. Lessee. South Ben Lomond.
HOTEL- BENVENUE
And cottages. Lakeport, Cal.— Large grounds;
r.»w dancing pavilion, 80x40; fronts lake 200 ft. ;
fine bowling alley and shuffleboard: swimming,
boating, elegant yacht free; children's play-
ground; good table; no Chinese help. F. A
[A. M. SCALES. Proprietors. W-xyZJ ■
SUCCESS BY THE
SOUTHWELLS IN
A DOUBLE BILL
"Pinafore" and "Cav
alleria Rusticana."
"ORPHEUS" AT THE TIVOLI
BRACE OF GOOD VARIETY ACTS
AND A BAD ONE.
The Held-Over Farces Continue in
Popular Favor at the
Columbia and
Alcazar.
Rather a weird double bill, this of
"Pinafore" and "Cavallerla Kusticana,"
but not half so unpalatable as you
would think. In fact, it sounds much
better than it looks in type, and the
good sized audience that turned into
the Grand Opera House last night re
warded the efforts of the Southwell
company with many premeditated bou
quets and, what was better still, much
spontaneous applause. That this clever
company would make easy work. of
"Pinafore" was a foregone conclusion,
but there was a deal of speculation as
to the outcon f "Cavallerla," the first
serious opera of the Southwell season.
And be it said at once to the credit of
all concerned that the Mascagni pro
duction was distinctly admirable. The
choruses were alert and vigorous and
they .sang richly and in tune; the or
chestra, under Mr. Simonson, was in
sympathy with the tense, sultry spirit
of the score; the stage pictures and
stage direction w«»re competently ar
ranged, and two of the five principals
scored signal victories. These were
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full informal
regarding special advantages, rates, manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
SKAGGS'HQTSPRINGS
Sonoma County; only 4<4 hours from San
Francisco and but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
! In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery 1 ; good trout streams at door; pho-
tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
mall and express; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
■: STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
stages; round trip from San Francisco only
$£ 60 Take Tiburon ferry at 7: JO a. m. or 1.30
p. m. Terms, $2 a day or $1S a week. Ref-
erences, any guest of the past four years.
Patronage constantly Increasing— last year un-
precedented. J. F. ML'LGREW, Proprietor.
Mark West Springs,
MOST ri'TUHFSgt'K RESORT. VARIETY
of mineral springs. Soda. Sulphur, Magn»-
Bla. Iron and Arsenic; phiiig.* hath; swimming
: pool, billiards, phuffleboa-d, oroquet and uther
: games. Accommodations fln»t-cla.«.«; tab!. -
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip, $3 75. Stage
' meets morning trains ami Sat. eve. FRESE &.
JTrERGENSEN, Mark West Springs, Sonoma
! Co., Cal. City Office, 912 Larkin Bt.
> n r p r c TOCALOMA. M §g. lN
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
, datlons: reasonable rates; fishing; beautiful
, drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BER-
! TRAND, or Winchester Hotel Dining-room,
! first floor. 58 Third st., San Francisco.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS!
TWO TRAINS DAILY; 7:30 A. M. AND 4
p. m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
KENiLWORTH INN,
; MILL VALLEY-A most delightful summer
■■ home. Every modern convenience. In and
; out door eports. Forty-five minutes from San
Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS.
M. MERRY. Proprietor.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner, * 'th one of the best
tables in the county: $10 to $12 per week. Round
I trip. $9 DO. S. F. and N. P. to t'klah; thence by
j stage. Address J. WIL' ON. Bertha. Lake
County, Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland. Unequaled soda and
1 magnesia springs; batV.s; furnished cottages
, Terms, $10 to $12. Buy through tickets. Send
for circular. O. HOWELL, Hopland. Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
Good fishing, hunting, bathing; fresh
! milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terms,
17. E. M. SHELFORD, Cloverdale. Cal.
I Free carriage.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
! VALLEY ; now open for guests. For terms
j and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
j Ross Valley, Mann County, Cal.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS; FIRST-CLASS
family reßort; cottages, tents, hunting and flsh-
j Ing; artificial lake for boating and swimming;
j long distance telephone; campers' return tlck-
I ets, $2 50; hotel open the year round. S»nd for
! circulars to J. H. HAKSTERS, Glenwood. Cal.
RftT 4 HftTFl Thp grandest resort in the
DUtA lIUICL Bierra Nevadas for the
; hunter and fisherman; pleasant sunny rooms.
! good boating on lake; boats free to guests;
! prices reasonable. $S to $10 per week; special
rates for families. The celebrated Truckee
River trout are unequaled In California. W. J.
McDonald. Manager.
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
I On N. P. C. R. R.. the place to go for sum-
mer; board or camp cottages; Sunday excur-
; slona, $1. For circulars address H. ii. MAR- ,
I TIN. Camp Taylor, Cal.
Miss Mason and Mr. Persse. She di
vulged unheralded dramaisms that
were nothing short of a sensation in
the strenuous role of Santuzza; her
singing was even and pure and she
brought out a great deal of the pas
sionate color of the part. Mr. Persse,
I too, separated himself effectively from
| his comic opera personality and gave
Turridu with convincing vehemence. His
voice, so delicately tender in the lighter
operas, finds a surprisingly congenial
vent in the excitement of this one. Hat
tie Bell Ladd played Lola with a cer
: tain Carmenesque flavor that was not
! out of keeping, and Bertha Ricci was
lan uneventful Lucia. Most Lucias are.
! A somewhat stuffed Alfio was Mr. Goff ;
I but all in all the performance deserved
its flowers and applause.
In "Pinafore," which came first, the
; staging was copious and good and the
; ensembles notably free and strong. All
the satire that is in Gilbert's libretto
' was not squeezed out, but the acting
I was, on the whole, much better than we
: are accustomed to in local productions
; of this musical comedy. Mr. Wolff was
'■ fully as good a Dick Deadeye as I can
I recall, and he sang the part as I never
remember to have heard it sung by
any one else. Mr. Wooley presented the
ruler of the Queen's navee with a fas
tidious elegance that was very tit. and
gave an attractive characterization
throughout, although he did not con
trive to get quite the best humor out
of his lyrics. Daisy Thome was the
proud, glacial Josephine in just that
way, arid Winifred Goff was fairly
pompous as the captain. Little Buttor
cup was an amiable phase of Miss
Ricci, and Miro Delamotta made a good
ligure of Ralph Kaekstraw and Bang
with urgent charm in all but the top
notes of his voice.
The more I think it over the more I
like this eccentric double bill. It is not
as hearty a feast as when the "Pagli
j acci" is Siamized with the "Cavallerla,"
but that is rather an advantage these
vaudeville days.
ASHTON STBVENB.
JiVoli.
Offenbach's spectacular "Orpheus and
Eurydlce" was presented ai the TlvolJ
; last night to a crowded bouse. The opera,
I which haa he»-n before the public for halt
I a century and ran for two years con
m< utively on its first production, lias lost
i none of its charm and went quite smooth
ly last night. Edwin Stevens was Jupiter;
William Pruette, Pluto; Phil Branson,
Orpheus; Willinm Schuster. Styx; Anna
Llchter, Eurydlce; Ynez Dean. Juno;
I Tillte Salinger, Public • >pitiit»ii ; Annie
Myers, Diana; Charlotte Beckwith,
Venus; Little Hazel ( 'alia li:> n. Cupid, an>l
Master Arnold Qraser, Ganymede. Miss
I Beckwith made her debul and took the
opportunity to display her somewhat
p'linst charms to the best advantage, her
i costume being brief hikl airy. Bh« is
' possessed of a good voice am! sh'- m«-t
j Route to Paso Robies is <[
I down the coast through j>
. Santa Clara Valley — i]
j prettiest part of Cali- [i
i fornia. \
Pullman Car |:
Paso Robies |:
i
Pullman car service San ]>
1 Francisco to Springs, \
\ passing Stanford Uni- ;
: versity and Lick Ob- ■!
; servatory, relieves the !|
: . trip of traveling tedi- Ji
■j cusness. <[
Otto E. Never. Prop. City Office, l!
Paso Robles, Cal. 636 Market st. i
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
\ Opening of new hotel; all modern improve-
' ment?: running water and gas in every room.
. A most picturesque spot and charming climate.
Mineral springs without their equal in Ameri-
ca, ' Easy staging, telephone and daily mail.
Rates, $10 to $14 per week. Special reduced
rates for small cottages. Write .1. MARTENS,
I Prop., or F. A. BUSSE, 416 Pine st., city.
HARBIN'S HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
The. Best In the U/orld.
HOTEL. COTTAGES and GROUNDS light-
i ed with ACETYLENE GAS. Open the year
round. Sulphur, Iron. Magnesia and Arsenic.
All kinds of baths. WONDERFUL CURES
I of Rheumatism, Catarrh, Dyspepsia, Paraly-
I els. Skin Diseases and Kidney, Liver and
I Stomach troubles. Long distance phone.
: Terms, $10 to $18 per week. Dally sta£,e from
Calfetoga. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS,
Most Popular Resort on the Pacific
Coast. Take S. P. Ferryboat, Foot Of
Market Ft.. 9 a. m. or 5 p. m. Only 3
hours" ride. No staging. Carriage
meets you at the train. Fine Hotel.
Hot Mineral Baths cure Rheumatism
Address A. BETTENS, Manager,
Byron Hot Springs, Cal.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April l. Ample accom-
modations In Hotel: also in new cottages, Just
I completed.
MRS. f\. T. MoORE,
' BELVEDERE.
THE HOYA RETREAT f^c-ii/oV mUM
Mineral water; fine hunting: finest climate
] in California; magnificent location; plenty of
'■ eggs, milk and fruit; summer boarders ac-
commodated at reasonable rates; good cheer
: and home comforts; good board with all th»
delicacies of the season. For terms, addresi
MRS. PORTER T. PEABODY. P. O. box 17
Gllroy. *
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
i Sanitarium and Mineral Springs, Glen Ellen
j Sonoma County: also 20 completely furnished
6- room cottages; good boating, fishing and
hunting; finest summer resort and mineral
•water for all diseases In America; camping
I -ground and mineral water free. Apply to Dr
I C. C. O'Donnell, VMM Market at., bet. Sixth
and Seventh, San Francisco.
I with a flattering reception. She was
i somewhat nervous, owing possibly to the
scantiness of her attire. Master Arnold
Grazer made a hit in his danse dv diable,
and Schuster was encored five times for
his song-. "When I Was Monarch of
! Arcadia." The scenery was striking and
the costumes were elaborate.
Orpheum.
Three new turns at the Orpheum— two
successes and one failure. The former are
contributed by the Montrose troupe of
acrobats and th* 1 Escamillos. equilibrists;
the latter by Miss Edna Aug. who is
j gently billed as "America's leading char
acter comedienne." According to report,
Miss Aug is under contract to play next
J season with Augustin Daly's company.
i If this be true, Mr. Daly has his life's
i work ahead of him. Miss Aug at present
shows the smallest amount of talent and
training that may be exposed with safety
on the stage. Her imitations of Anna
Held, a Bowery girl, a Dutch dialectriclan
and a "coon" songstress are the most
dismal in the history of the Orpheum.
Some things on the stage are so bad that
they are funny. This act is worse than
that. The Montroses— five men and a boy
—are the best yet in their line. Their
acrobatic work is swift and graceful, and
some of the boy's feats simply incredible.
The Escdmilloß— a man and a boy — do
reckless feats on the tight wire. In this
act, too the boy is the star. And Baby
Lund still lends the holdovers, so the'
juveniles have everything their own way j
this week.
Columbia
Charles Frohman's Interesting produc
tion, "<>n and Off," continues all the week
in the Columbia, Seldom have we en
joyed such admirable acting as Fritz
Williams. Ed Holland and the others con
tribute to this farce. The tasi perform
ance takes place on Sunday night, and
then at last, after months of opera and
farce, a real, real plaj Clyde Fitch's
••The Moth and tin Flame." played by
the Herbert Kelcey-Effle Shannon com
bination.
/\lcaza-.
Several alterations have been made in
Clay Greene's new farce, "I Us Japanese
Wife," which commenced the second we< k
In tho Alcazar last night. It is the most
talked-of play in town anfl C( rtalnly orig'
nal and clever. Miss Crews has made ;t
distinct hit in the part of the Japanese
girl. Mr. Green will have to look a long
way to tinri a better actress for the part,
when he arranges for the New sTork pro
duction. A revival of "In Miszoura" fol
lows, with Ernest Hastings In the famous
Goodwin part.
0 vjnrpia.
Way and Maitland at the Olympla last
night scored a hit In blackface special
ties. Their work Is of the knockabout
mcd to please. Miss Malt
land's "coon" songs were delivered with
vim and gusto.
Jhe Ghutes.
At the Chutes Antonio Vargas sang the
GO TO
Hotel del
Coronado
Fop youp summer outing.
Best golf grounds in the State.
Unequaled fishing, sailing, cycling,
hunting, bathing, etc.
Reduced Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Chanse of Management.)
R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paraiso Springs). Prup. and Manager.
The h^tel and cottages have been thoroughly
! renovated— new furniture, beds, carpets, etc.
The Table the best the market affords. The
Baths refitted and Improved— competent at-
tendants and masseurs. Grounds and walks
beautified. Fine hunting and fishing. Trains
! leave Third and Townsend sis., S. F.. at 9
■ a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gilroy for
; the Springs.
For Illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON. Gilroy Hot Springs. Cal.
Yosemite Valley and Big Trees.
Superior accommodations and lowest rates
via the "Valley Road" route. For full par-
ticulars address JOHN MOSS, Traffic Dept.,
?,.l Market .^t.. Saa Francisco.
M EN DEN H ALL MINERAL SPRINGS.
Open under new management, on cottage
, plan; 2000 feet above sea; average heat. 75
i degrees Stage connects with trains at Ltver-
' more at 2:15 p. m. Entire fare from San Fran-
; Cisco, $2 50. For particulars address DR.
; FRANK PITT, Proprietor, Livermore, Cal.
IN MENDOCINO COUNTY
Beautiful secnery and drives; unexcelled
hunting; best trout fishing in California; excel-
! lent table. $7 50 per week; fine rigs for accom-
-1 modation of guests: dally mails. Get full par-
: tlculars from A. H. YORDI. 809 Call bulld-
i Inc. San Francisco.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswlek. SiPKiyou County, Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on the coaat.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply :o ED-
SON BROS.. Proprietors.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
Climate, scenery, entertainment: none better
In Lake Co. : gas indoors and out.
H. WAMBOLD.
HOITT'S,
MENL.O PARK, SAN MATEO CO. ONE
hour from San Francisco. Ten daily trains
each way. Open to guests during June and
July. Address IRA O. HOITT.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via Tib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Water, gas. electric bells. Kates $10 to
{12 per we«k. $2 per day. Address Aqua Call-
ente Springs. Agt'a Callente. Sonoma Co.. Cal.
BROOK.SIDE.
The beautiful new resort at the head of
Napa Valley Is now open. First-class ac-
commodations, hot and cold water, Kas, baths,
mineral springs. For health, scenery climate
and beautiful drives -It Is unsurpassed. Write
for pamphlet. LOKKIN BOOTH. Prop., Cal-
lstoga, Cal. '
SAMUrL KODA •PRINQB.
J R. Morris, I'rop.. Napa County. Cal. Sure
cure for dyspepsia, Intlltcntlnii, rhrumattsm
and constipation; hot mineral baths. These
springs arv locafd In Nairn (minty, 20 miles
east of Ht. Helena. Tin; wat*r Is bottlad at
the springs and rnntnlns Its own natural gaa.
Btag* leaves Ht. Helena
wTs large lm rmnity. The attendance
Jhe Kr\eiseis.
The Kneisel quartet will give two cham- t
ber concerts at the Sherman & Clay Hall
Friday night, May 88, and Saturday af
ternoon, May 27. A number by Smetana
a dead composer wit)) a romantic and
tragic history, will be i>layed for the first
time here.
SOUGHT TO CUT OUT
HIS PARENTS' HEARTS
Notorious Manuel Davie Runs
Amuck and Lands in
Jail.
OAKLAND, May 13.— But for the timely
Interference ol Antanaeia Madriaga and
Policeman Keefe, Manuel Davie might
have executed his threat to cut out the
hearts of his aged mother and step
father to-night. The Davits reside at
Forty-fifth Btreei and Shattuck avenue
and young Davie acted queer when he
arrived home. After picking a miarr»l
with his step-father he finally whipped
out his bi| pocketknlfe and declared he
would cut out his parents' hearts. They
ran from the house and Manuel cave
chase, and was intercepted by Madriaga
and Officer K< •
At the City Prison the bloodthirsty
young man was booked simply f<>r dis
turbing the peace. Davie gained consid
erable notoriety some months ago. when
he was twice Knot by Horatio Paul, whom
he said Intended to kill him because he
refused him ten cents with which to pur
chase some i r. Paul was discharge*! >>n
a trial (or Intent to murder and recently
slii>i>e<! fr'>m a stepladder. broke bta a
ankle and died at the Receiving Hospital.^
CADETS READY TO COMPETE.
The final practice drill of League or th«
Cross Cadets was held last night In th«
armory of the First Regiment, Market
and Tenth streets, in preparation for the
tifth annual drill to be lv id in Mechanics
Pavilion Friday night.
Chiel interest cent< rs in the competitive
drill between the f,,ur crack companies of
the regiment. The cad< tS have drillfd as
siduously for this. Company D has haa
the benefit of instruction by Bergeant-
Major A. .1. Caughran of th. Third
United States Artillery, who has rr
returned frum Manila. Other companies
have also had the benefit of professional
coaching, hence an interesting competi
tion is expected.
neral W. R. Shatter will re
's. Th.> programme will
consist of a concert from 7:30 to 5:4.» **.
M saber drill. Company O: skirmish
drill. Company D; first aid to the injured
by Hospital Corps; four companies in
competition; mustering in of regiment
under new Incorporation and regimental
par. iii>- under command of Lieutenant-
Colonel T. F. Kvan.
SANTA GATALINA
ISLAND.
354 Hours Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for Information about Catallna's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod and
reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1 to
Sept. 1, auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY, 222 South Spring St.,
Los Angeles, Cal.
niniinn hot springs. — This
UjlUjj IV" I I beautiful summer and
iHilr&lBlll winter resort. now
I mini W W owned and managed by
DR. J. PERRAULT. who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well, is situated
150 miles south of San Francisco, In the Coast
Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 ' feet.
The climate is soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths: delightful grounds;
comfortable hotel; annex and cottages; good
hunting and fishing; grand scenery: lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or invalids or others
remaining more than one month. Trains daily
from Third and Townsend st. depot. 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad, thence seven miles by
stage to Paraiso.) Round trip. $8. For further
Information address J. PERRAULT. M.D.. Pa-
raiso Springs, or city office, 33* Sutter st.. 8. F.
Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CRUZ, CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT^ Lo-
cated on a flowering slope from the beach.
Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains.
Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
dress J. B. PEAKES, Proprietor.
J. T. BROOKS. Chief Clerk.
LAKE COUNTY.
NEW 19-PASSENGER -OSEMITE STAGES,
all outside seats, direct to the most pictur-
esque portion of California. Best, equipped stags
line in the State. Leaves Calistoga dally (Sun-
days excepted) at 11:30 a. m.. direct to Harbin.
Belgler, Adams, Howard Anderson. Astorgs
and Glenbrook: half an hour for lunch at Calls-
toga; also to Middle town. Lower 1 ke, Kelsey-
vllle and Lakeport. W . SPIERS, Prop.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES; SALUBRIOUS
climate; picturesque scenery; mountain
walks: pure spring water: beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort,
rest and health culture in a short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM, St. Helena. Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stage tine.
Good trout flshlne, plenty fruit, cream . and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand redwood scenery. Address ■J.
LUTTRINGER, Seaview. Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front st.. S. F.. for par-
ticulars.
r DI CD in-Most beautiful spot in Lake
vAnLODAU County. The mineral springs are
famous for marvelous cures when all ' else
failed, especially in stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
$10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN. Carls-
bad, Lake County.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State: the water Is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes: table unsur-
passed: fine fishing and hunting; stage dally
from Calistoga direct to springs; round trip at
Southern Pacific offices. $10. DR. W. R. PRA-
THER. Adam Spring. -\ .
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
• LAKE COUNTY.
Thl* delightful watering place is located in
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation:
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. $10.
JOHN SPAULDINO. Proprietor.
GLENIA/OOD HOTEL.,
AMONG THE REDWOODS. SANTA CRUZ
M't'ns; 5 minutes' walk from depot; mllkr
poultry, fruit. Iron springs: cas throughout:
telephone and telegraph. Round trip. $2 50: I- to
$10 per week. Free carri to and from trains.
Write WILLIAM MARTIN. GJenwood. Cal.
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
In the midst of the . Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder. 8100 feet. Large lake, boating. swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms, $6 to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERO
RESORT, Oakvllle. Napa County, Cal. ;
WPITF W. H. MILLER, Ukiah Stable?, for
IT Hi Ili economical and best way and ac-
commodations to Springs in Lake and Meqdo-
cino counties. Stage for Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell, Saratoga Springs. Witter Springs asd
Upper Lake.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet footWU
ranch, located In Blackburn Gulch. 5 mi!**
from Santa Cruz; delightful summer hosae fa
the redwoods, running water, abundaac* ft
fruit: good table; terms. $.". per week; chi'i^w.
under 10, $3. Address W. CKANDELL, j^n**
Cruz, Cal.
PARK HOUSE and cottages at Bea fetfftßJtSj.
10 miles from Santa Cruz, with vxmtyV»*&*i
climate, presents th« best to b* '"" ••■ %
summer resort: best drives It '" >»••.*•.•:
special rates to families: chare** <WH£»fisep":
_crate, T. H. PETERSON. Ben l^tmm^Uir^
any one looking for nlco, quiet. <{gg/iRfi t <Bii&
farm horn* to «i.<-nil vacal *<WI«Wh . . 4*.
QUIEN, Glen Kllen. lonon dv» <+%>?._
CIIEAPKHT and i.op( i" Americ*-V>r*
Cull, It pnß»-», orni to any si.' ■•*«» ■' ■:'•'
United Mlnlno ... I'nliuda OZ.i j-»>w •''« *•
I'.'C.t il^n l ulil.GROEZINGER
WILL GET NO
MORE CASES
His Reign Is Nearly
Over.
. — ♦_ —
TO TAKE DRASTIC MEASURES
i
JUDGES MOGAN AND GRAHAM
STIRRED UP.
i
The Recent Decisions in the Race j
Track and Slot Machine Cases
Are the Cause of the
Trouble.
Trip discredit brought upon the Police
Courts through -the decisions of Acting
Police Judge Groeslnger in the racetrack
. and nickel-in-the-slot machine cases has
* ed up Judges Graham and Megan to
definite action.
Yesterday Judge Graham, as presiding
Judge, called upon Judge Mogan and
asked him if he would be willing that all
SceQes ar)d Characters at the Aqquol Police "Old
Moss" Sale.
b should be assigned to Departments
which would put an end to any
a being assigned to Groezinger until
Judj a oil had sufficiently recov
■ in the court again. Judge
Mogan expressed his willingness to take
: If he should be compelled
to h at nights so as to get
through his calendar.
Judge Graham thereupon called upon
chief Lees and notified the Chief to in
s tru - aid to assign no
mor< Department 4. The Chief
consulted with th< Bergeant, and came to
the conclusion that he could take no such
an order to that effect was
in^de in 'ipen court and spread upon the
minutes, and no action will be taken until
that Is done.
The two Judges will probably sit in
bank to-day and formally make the or
der They will also draw up a petition to
Judge Treadwell. begging him to return
to duty as soon as possible and agreeing
If necessary to bear the expense of a
physician to be in constant attendance
him.
.!udge Graham said tnat as far as he
was concerned he would not bear the
irflium cast upon the courts by Groezln
decisions and he was determined to
put a stop to it. Like Judge Mogan. he
would willingly hold court at nights to
• his calendar till Judge Treadwell r
-d to duty. Ihe Judge had 'eft the
hall before Chief Lees decided that he
must have a written order.
Acting Judge Groezinger said later that
aas quite willing at any moment to
holding court if either or both of
the other Judges would take over the
cases on his calendar. He had no desire
llsplease anybody.
■•Tt said Groezinger. that I
ide mistakes in these cases, and
Ibly I have; but we are all liable to
(O. I simply decided them according
A -i, my convictions, and that Is all.'
NT AID OF THE SCHOOL.
Parishoners of St. Rose's Church
Planning an Interesting Enter
tainment for Saturday.
The Young Ladies' Sodality of St.
Rose's Church and many of the promi
nent members of the parish have ar
ranged an Interesting entertainment
which wiil take Saturday even
ing at Metropolitan Hall. The affair
promises to be well attended, ns already
there has been a large demand for tick-
The main feature ol the evening's
tinmen* will be an exhibition of the
American biograpb eeriea ol moving pic
ol bis Holiness Pope Leo. The pic
tures are perfect likenesses of the Pope
and they show him In various positions
In and about the Vatican garden.
The Young Ladies' Sodality has taken
particular pains t.i arrangi m exception
■ musing vaudeville and musical pro
gramme. Among those who have prom
isi.-d to participate are Messrs. Hynes,
.i l onneu, Floyd. Vargas and Lane.
Tickets can be had at the office of the
Monitor. :Tt Flood building; Holden's
tore, ISO Fourth street; Gallagher
■ McAllister street, and at the
parochial residence at Fourth and Bran
nan ft: ■
The proc< i dS fit the entertainment will
the school fund, which is
n'dlv (!.!,!< tf -d.
■ m ■ ' —
Must Stand the Consequences
Mary Louise O Ilearn, 302 Clementina
street, swore 'to a complaint in Judge Mo-
ran's court yefeterday for the arrest of
V Kldon Berry. alias Botts, a bellboy in the
'irand Hotel, on the charge of betrayal!
under promise of marriage. She said
they bad known each other from infancy.
«♦ ■ ■ . ; '•
Th« best or ail Pills are Beecham'B. J
AN "OLD HOSS"
SALE THAT DID
NOT MAKE GOOD
Slim Pickings for the
Pubiic.
AFTER THE POLICE, NIT
OFFICIAL CLEAN-UP FOR xHE
CITY TREASURY.
Bidders Were Shy of the Specious-
Looking Packages and
Competition Was Not
Thought Of.
The annual "old hoss" sale of the Police
Department was conducted yesterday at
ms if !■:. B. Spear & Co.,
:m Sutter street. It attracted a crowd
noticeable for Its discrimination
than for its artistic qualities. This was
by reason of the fact that there was a
ling of "bunk" in the air. By
■bunk" the initiate meant bunko, and j
they realized that, when it was handed
to them by the Police Department, there
was no rebate.
In consequence, when Auctioneer
Arthur Spear announced that he was not
taking any "mahulah" money the bidders
who had got closest up experienced pangs
like the ungodly, but resigned themselves
to the inevitable in the hope of doing the
greatest good.
There were a thousand lots that had
passed through the hands of the police
during the year, and still there were in
dividuals credulous enough in the crowd
to believe that a good chronometer or a
first-water diamond had been overlooked.
"A combine against in'-." said the auc
r. as he started off the first I-; .
"Don't let me catch you at It. He dhin t.
and maybe he didn't want to. They had
gathered around him closely and tnere
wasn't the flash of a stone or the glimmer
patch case that escaped them, no
bid ol less than two bits was accepted,
and no bid was made unless more than
two bits profit was in sight.
\r times, of course, the clever auctlon
o worked upon the cupidity ol m*
ii <■ that some member of it would
ree or four dollars for a watch case
nl nf works. The laugh, bpw«ver,
was always on the victim, who, in each
event, was a shrewd manipulator that
took bis medicine like a soldier and j
•■ : the next opportunity.
At this particular "old boss' sale that
opportunity never came. By the time the j
auctioi r and his helpers had gone
through the lot, which was well into the
day, the "wise" crowd had come to the
conclusion that the bargains were few
and far between. Clean through the lot i
t!i<r. was nothing offered worth the can- j
die. Watches without faces, purses with
out filling, chains that were mockeries !
of brass, pawn tickets thai were only in
ducements to suicide or worse, were
passed before the faces of the credulous
throng. Some bit and some did not. and
out of the whole performance the City
and County Treasury realized less than
a thousand dollars. Both sides were bit
and neither Hide was satisfied. The sale :
was a holiow mockery, also a sham.
KNOCKED A WAITER DOWN
George Gillick in a Precarious Condi
tion From an Asault by Two
Young Men.
George Gillick. <-i waiter in a restaurant |
on Fourth street, near Minna, is in a pre
carious condition at the Receiving Hos- |
pital from a beating he received yester
day morning from two young men, J. E.
Flynn and W. H. Frietts.
Flynn and Frietts were amusing them
: clv. s about 5 o'clock in the morning by
tearing down barbers' signs and other
freaks. When they reached the restau
rant they began to throw around some,
milk cans that were on the sidewalk, and
Gillick came out and remonstrated with
them. They knocked him down and his
bead struck against the curbstone. He
was taken to the hospital, where he
vomited blood, and besides being in
ternally injured it is thought that his
skull is fractured.
Flynn and Frietts were arrested by Po
lie, man Tuite and will be held pending
the result of Gillick's injuries. They are
said to be respectable young fellows.
A Wife-Beater Punished.
Albert Schultz, 129 Twenty-second ;
street, was sr-nt to the County Jail for
six months by Judge Mogan yesterday
for brutally beating his wife. Marie. She
testified that aifl chief pleasure was to
knock her down and kick her.
■ ■» «
Ladles' tailor-made aulte, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter, rooms 6-7.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 16, 1899.
RECEIVES THEIR
DIPLOMAS, THEN
DINED IN STATE
Dental Graduates at
the Palace.
FOUR WERE YOUNG LADIES
ENTERTAINED BY THE XJ. C.
ALUMNI ASSOCIATION.
Eighty Guests Gather at the Festal
Board, Including the Faculty
of the College of
Dentistry.
A banquet was given last night at the
Palace to the graduating class of 1899 by
the Alumni Association and faculty of
the College of Dentistry of the Univer
sity of California.
Eightj guests sat down at table, of
which forty-live were this year's grad
uates. Of these four were ladies— Miss
May Blossom, Miss Belle Croall, Miss
Leonora Herrmann and Miss Edith Tur
ner. Miss Anna Sawyer, '96, and Miss
Helen Rublson, '97, were also present.
Dr. Allan H. Su.Rgett of Marysville,
president of the association, was toast
master, and called upon Drs. L*. 1,. Dun
bar, Maurice Sullivan, J. D. Hodgen and
A. Lewltt for responses to toasts on sub
• f interest to the dental fraternity.
During the discussion of an elaborate
m<nu a string orchestra furnished some
excellent music. A vocal quartet com
posed of Drs. Walter K. Scott, Harry
Carlton. H. D. Noble and Gilbert F. Gra
ham rendered selections which were well
receive d.
Among the other honored guests were
Drs. M. Kerr, B. R. Swan, R. Beverly
Cole. J. Uuntington of Sacramento, Har
ry M Sherman. M. yon Hoffman and A.
A. d'Ancona, who represented the medi
cal faculty.
The association now numbers 330 tnfra
tw r« ami is In a flourishing condition. It
was organized in 1881, and this makes its
eighteenth annual gathering.
A HOLD, BAD ROBBER.
Fred Meyers Arrested Sunday Night
and Held to Answer Yesterday.
Fred Meyers is a bold, bad young man,
and swift justice was meted out to him
yesterday morning by Jjdge Graham. He
was arrested Sunday night in the Cafe
Royal, where he had been in the habit of
placing poker.
He was accused of robbery. According
to the evidence in court he went to the
saloon of Fred Wolfe, 32 Fourth street,
last Friday night and told Wolfe a pitiful
story of being hard up. Wolfe treated
him to two or three drinks, and, as he
said he was perishing from hunger, Wolfe
put on his coat and asked him to accom
pany him to a restaurant to partake of a
meal.
No sooner had Wolfe stepped outside
the saloon than Meyers forcibly put his
elbow under his chin and choked him, at
the same time relieving him of his gold
watch and chain. Then he threw Wolfe
to the sidewalk and disappeared. Wolfe
notified trie police, and Sunday night
Meyers was found in the Cafe Royai.
Judge Graham held him to answer before
the Superior Court and fixed his bonds in
$3000.
■ ♦ ■
DR. GALLWEY IMPROVING.
Will Take a Long Rest on the Ad
vice of His Physicians.
Dr. John Gallwey has almost entirely
recovered from his serious illness. Yes
terday he took a short ride through the
park and returned considerably re
freshed. Upon the advice of his physi
cians he will not at present engage In
professional duties. Dr. Gailwey was
very anxious to go down to his office and
get in harness again, but he concluded to
adopt the advice of Drs. Dodge, Hutchfns
and others who have been attending him
and will go to the country to-morrow
with Mrs. Gallwey and allow the "rest
cure" to operate in his case. His profes
sional engagements will be, fulfilled by
Drs. Morrissey and Hart during his ab
sence. ....•■
Dr. Gallwey's sickness is ascribed to
the fact that for over eight months he
acted as Health Officer in place of Dr. A.
I. O'Brien, who went to Manila. Besides
performing the duties of that office he at
tended to his private practice with the
same energy that has always character
ized him. The consequence was that his
constitution was ■ unable to stand the
double strain and he was compelled- to
succumb.
f.: » ♦ ■ —
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt I
water direct from ocean.
THE SCOT RAN
VERY LOOSE IT
150 TO 1 ODDS
Unexpected Win of a
Rank Outsider.
DREARY SPOR". AT OAKLAND
MAY W SHOWS A RETURN OF
HER OLD FORM.
Two First Choices Led Their Fields
Out— Con Dalton First at
Juicy Odds — Romany
a Winner.
Thr Scot, a two-year-old, owned by J.
Hutchison, caused a ripple of excitement
at Oakland track yesterday by winning
at odds of 150 to 1. Neither the youngster's
owner nor the public thought he had a
chance, and his victory was welcomed by
the books. The distance was live fur
longs, and after leading almost from the
fir3t jump the two-year-old finished the
distance out in 1:02 flat, a very fair per
formance. Giga, the second choice, took
the place, while the favorite, Jennie
Riley, was not in the money.
Of the six favorites sent to the post but
two were returned winners. The sport
was dull and uninteresting.
Semper Leon, trained and owned by
Jimmy Coffey, was the warm one in the
opening scramble for maidens. Sent to
the post favorite, the gelding showed
some speed, but was unplaced at the end.
Panimint, the second choice, ridden by
Jenkins, won all the way, beating Pom
pino a length, ridden out.
Dr. Rowell's Mack gelding, Con Dalton,
furnished the surprise in the third event,
a mile selling run. Practically running
loose at odds of 15 to 1, Macklin had him
in front when half the route had been
traveled, and driving hard at the end
downed Jennie Reed over a length. The
favorite, Rey Hooker, was away poorly,
never appearing to have a chance.
Cnrrigan's Alaria captured the six fur
long dash next decided. The mare went
to the post a 7 to 10 favorite and, leading
from the start, disposed of Highland Ball
at the wire in a mild drive. Peixotto,
lacking in speed, ran an indiffefent third.
A sprint over the Futurity course fol
lowed, which was annexed by Romany,
backed from 6 to 4. Macklin had the
mount, and, outriding Amei on Solstice
the last part, won by a length. Anchored
was third.
The concluding number, a mile and a
sixteenth run. went to the favorite, May
W Three to flvewas laid against the mare,
rind after cutting out the running she dis
posed of Olinthus quite handily at the
wire in 1:47%.
Track Notes.
Starter J. B. Ferguson left for Ken
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Monday. May 15, 1899.— Eighty-third
day of the winter meeting of the Paciric Coast Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Trr.ck fast. \
E-DWIN ¥ SMITH, Presiding Judge. JAMES F. CALDWELL. Starter.
1101 FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; maiden three-year-olds; purse, $400.
I lot*
— : — ■ T" " ~~~ ! Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight. |St. Km. %m. %m. Sir. Fin. Jockeys. ,Op. Cl.
1ft a Fanlmint lisl 1 ... 11 14 - 11 Jenkins 2 I
iri Pompto :: .....119 4 ... ;> l 2 3 14 ... 2 3 Glover 3 5
Il3o SylvSn La,, "7 7 ... |% 7 1 ... ; 3h Romero 6 12
r-j Mv Dear 110 2 ... 2 ': 2 3 ... 44 .Ames 8 1,
1191 £■_*_, Islington 116 8 ... 9 1 '■» 1 ... 6 3 Robinson 20 50
1 H Semper S "..'.....m 3 ... |tt 8 1 ... «4 Macklln 3-2 2
io^ PnrnlaJi .::::::: 112 9 ... 6 1 4% ... 7h Dingley 8 15
urn B?and ..115 10 ... 10 8 1 ... 8 Vi vogt 10 50
10W Ed a iiniganV.-........llo 6 ... J« 10 ... 9 1 Tul.ett 10 20
fiin riarello 110 5 ... 4 1 5 K ... 10 1 J. Ward t> 2J
SSti!;E=Hffl ... 13 12 ... 12 1 J. Murphy;... 30 SO
»3 A hah 119 12 ... 12 13 ... It G.Wilson 10 to
so 3 Hafon::::::...:u2!H ... » M ... M .5as S in B er •••• l. } 20
Via Thp Minister 115 15 ... 15 15 ... '■' W . Jsarvaez.. lo SO
1067 5raCo"a!.::......:il0 16 - 1« - 16 - ... 16 i Cole 50 100
me _-v, - 13" % :3T; %. 1:02%. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. c. by Fellowcharm-
Paloma. Fair start! Won easily. Second and third driving-.
Panimint most speed. Sylvan Lass weakly ridden. My Dear short. Semper Leon proved
a false alarm. Bland away badly.
• Scratched— Somis 113.
. — —
I |Q1> SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
~ I — — ] Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight. ,St. 14m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. f Jockeys. Op. Cl.
1096 The Scot ....... .....1081 3 ... 14 13 114 12 O'Brien 30 100
monGlKa ..:.!. 10S i 7 •■• 2h 2 5 2 2 21 Jenkins 9-5 3
1119 Flush 'of Gold 107 2 ... 31-33 3 2 3 1 Cole 3 4
1005 Aborigine 105 4 ... 4 ii 4 2 4 >4 4 1 Ruiz 8 7
110? Jennie RUey 108 5 ... 5 Vi 5 2 61 54 Ward 3 2
1113 Hindoo Princess 107 1 ... 7 2 6 6 Ml 6 1 Kinsley 6 10
1107 Sam Dannenbaum..lO6 6 ... 8 i 7 1 7 1 7 1 Haslett 30 100
1119 Surfeit 108 8 ... 63, 8 2 82 83 Coburn 15 SO
1113 Jolly Briton 108 9 •-. 9 9 ? 9 Basslnger ■■■■ 2H 60
Time— -12%- % :3614: %, 1:02. Winner, J. Hutchinson's br. g. by Imp. St. Andrew-
Briar Rose.' Good start. Won first three driving
The Scot entirely overlooked. Giga ran a awell race. Flush of Gold wretchedly piloted.
Nothing doing Hindoo Princess.
Scratched— Palapa 108.
IIqq THIRD RACE— One mile; selling: three-year-olds; purse, $400.
llOOi : _
. — ■ I I Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight. St. lira. 14m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
1110 Con Dal ton 107 2 3 Mi 4 1 11 1% UK Macklln ...... 6 8
1110 Jennie Reid 100 3 4 1 3 14 2 114 2 3 2 8% Glover 2 5-2
1110 Festoon "0 6 5 1 5 M; 5h 3*4 3h Jenkins 5 5
1110 Faversham 110 7 7 14 7% 6 2 ■ . 5 14 4 6 Ruiz 15 40
(10S6) Glengaber 110 5 8 3 6 14 7h 6 4 5 3 J. Ward 8 10
11*8 Vinetnra 98 10 10 10 10 8 4 66 IWainright .... 20 40
1110 Rev Hooker 110 9 fin 85 S3 9 73 Kutherford ... 2 2
1126 Peter Weber 107 8 2 1 In 4 1 4-% 8 10 W. See 15 20
1121 Watossa 107 i 4 92 0 2 9h 10 9 2 Tullett 15 15
1125 Kootenal 107 1 1 Mi 2 14 3 14 7 1 10 Dlngley 10 20
Time— li, :-•"■'«• 14. :60VL; %• 1:17 '. mile, 1 : 43Vi - Winner, Dr. H. E. Rowell's blk. g. by
Imp Watercress-Everglade. Good start. Won first thre* driving.
Jennie Reid should have won. Glover lost the race through carelessness. Rey Hooker
away badly and had no speed. Peter Weber frightfully ridden.
Scratched— C. H. Harrison Jr. 107. Oralbee 107. • .
||q4 FOURTH RACE— furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
~ . i Betting.
[ Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. %m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
I 1124 Alarla. 3 :...1O5 1 3 ... - lh lh 114 1 2'» Jenkins 3-5 7-10
i 1124 Highland Ball. 4. ...122 7 ... 3h 3 114 3 114 2 2% Holmes 6 5
'■ 1122 Pelxotto. 6 121 4 ... 5 3 4 2% 4 4 3 1 Dlngley 4 7
1121 Yaruba 3 107 1 ... 2 214 2 3 2 3 4 10 Glover ....... 4 8
1123 Ann Page, 3 106 2 ... 4h 5 h 63 5 2 Hahn ......... 15 40
932 Don Luis, 4 119 5 ... 63 6 5 5 2 61 Tullett 15 25
1125 Tobey, a 121 6 ... 7 7 7 7 Vogt .......... loo 300
1 1 22 Ma o_r_( feok. »••• ; ; ; 121 » ,j_. ... G. Wilson 20 60
' *Left. 1
Time— Vi. :25>,4; %. :49%; %. 1:1514. Winner, E. Corrigan's br. f. . by imp. Watercress-
Alary. Poor start. Won ridden out. Second and third driving.
Alaria was best. Ball ran about his race. Pelxotto still slumbering.
Scratched— Genua 105, Montallade 121, Defender 121.
line FIFTH RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
~ J I Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight. St. 14m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. Op. Cl.
9S6 Romany . 119 2 ... lh lh 24 11 Macklin 6 13-5
ll"0 Solstice 110 1 ... 2 Ms 2 3 lh 2 h Ames 8-5 2
1103 Anchored 115 4 ... 5 4 6 5 5 3 3 2 J. Ward...... 8 6
1121 liacebud ............110 3 ... 4 14 43 31 4 2 Dingley ...... 2 3
1125 Judge Wofford 112 6 ... 6 G 6 .52 Tullett 15 25
110S Antloch 119 5 ... 3 3 3 14 4 3 6 Jenkins ....... i 3
Time— To. 14. :2214: to 14, :47; last %, 1:02%; short %, 1:1314. Winner, J. Givens 1 br. g.
by Imp. Ben Strome-Gypsy. Good start. Won first three driving. . . .
Romany was the good thing. Solstice a "mackerel." Racebud nearly put over the fence
on backstretch. \ : . . . '
HO/2 SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; three-year-olds and upward; purse.
I lOO* $400. . ... ..,..- ■.■.■■---• ■ • . - /
\ " ~^C~ Be*Hng.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. /Std. %m. 15m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
(1100) May W. 6 .....106 4 lh 11 1 14 11 12 11 IDlngley 1-3 3-5
1108 Olinthus, 3 ........ 91 6 62 5 14 5h 53 31 2 1 I.I Ward....;. 4 5
1126 Limewater. 3 91 5 3 3 2 14 2 14 2 2«A 2 Mi 3 2 Holmes ...... 5 9-2
1102 Coda. 6- 10611 24 3 114 3 h 4h '61 4 3 Jenkins 15 30
1130 Ringmaster, 5 1081 2 54 6 3 * 6 3 6 5 5 14 51; Ruiz 15 25
110S Bernardlllo. 5 .....lOSf 3 4h 4 n 4 1 3 114 4 li 6 14 Macklin ...... S 10
1129 Billy McCloskey, 6..111) 7 7 7 ,-7 -7 7 7 Roulller ...... 60 100
Time— 1-16, :06',4: 5-16. :3114: 9-16, :56; 13-16. 1:22; mile, 1:41%; 1 l-16m. 1:47%. Winner.
D. Cameron's b. m. by imp. Eagle, Plume-Frolla. Good start. Won easily. • Second and
third driving. :." . .. .• , :• • ; . •
■Winner was about all out. Olinthus ran a fine race. Limewater badly bumped by Ber-
nar^'ilo at stretch turn. Latter was attacked with the staggers.' ' ■
* •■' " ' ■ ■■ Oare II 111. New Moon 106. f
tucky last evening. He has no engage
ments this summer.
Jenkins and Macklin divided the riding
honors, each piloting two winners.
Some members of the Haraorer Wield
ers 1 Association started the rumor a day
or so ago around the track that the Den
ver meeting had been declared off. The
report was entirely unfounded, as Secre
tary Roberts of the Overland Racing Club
states that Denver looks forward to the
coming meeting in June as promising to
be the greatest ever held In that city.
To-Day's Entries.
Following are the entries for this afternoon s
running events:
First Race— Four furlongs; maiden two-year
olds; selling.
1113 Racetto 10SI 993 Kolena MS
1107 La Roma 10S 1059 The Buffoon.... 10S
964 Sisquoc 11l 1113 Glissando 11l
... Fragrancy 11l 1113 Juletto 103
1029 Castiso 108. 1113 Tanobe 108
1016 Candlelight II. .111! 1059 Big Horn 11l
... Callina 10S . 11)73 Bogus Bill 11l
927 La Amiga 1081
Second Race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward; selling.
112S Melkarth 104 110S Cavallo 106
1134 Pelxotto 106 1123 Cabrillo 109
112 ft Dolore 104 1124 Har. Thoburn..lo6
1123 Montallade ....106 1127 Benamela 106
1093 Opponent 104 1129 Dare II 109
1134 Highland 8a11. 107' 1130 Lost Girl 104
Third Race— One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; maidens.
1131 Clarello 101: 1123 Somis 103
1127 Ledaea. .101 1125 Mpreelles 117
1090 Chispa 101 1067 Florence Fink. lol
109S Averlne 117 112" Henry C 122
10C0 Master Lee 103 1131 Stone L 103
1117 Flacon 122 1131 Alhaja 101
1117 Catastrophe ...123 10$0 Gold Baron 1«3
1090 Bid Me 101 1090 "Wheat King. ...106
1131 Sylvan La 55....101! j
Fourth Race— Seven furlongs; handicap.
(1130)WyominB 112 1116 Los Medanos.. .lo3
1130 Rosormonde ...lit (1124) Tony Licalzl...loo
1100 La Goleta 11l 1129 Inverary II 90
(1123) February 109 1126 Einstein 90
1106 Horton ". 103 1089 Formella 85
1123 Cabrillo 105 1112 Brown Prince.. 85
Fifth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
j upward: selling.
! 1114 Horatio 112 1099 Widow Jones .^o7
1120 Valencienne ...105 1126 Potente 109
1124 I Pon't Kn0w. .109 (1098) Sleepy Jane. ...107
(1124) Saintly 95 1123 Amasa 107
(1122) El Ralado l n 7 10.54 Naranja 107
1109 Socialist 107 1121 Royal Fan 93
(1114) Sly 113 1114 Sir Urian 95
Sixth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
986 Fellclte ..1011 1128 Scintillate 117
1129 Earl Cochran.,l23 1129 Grady 126
1125 Twinkle Twinkl2l' 1128 Rosemaid 117
1065 Sea Spray 123 1111 Una C010rad0. .123
ni2s)Queen Nubia. ..l2ll 1128 Gllberto .......103
1129 Tempo 122 1019 Rainier 103
1123 Elidad 122 1102 Rapido 123
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Glissando, Big Horn, Juletto.
Second Race — Cabrillo, Opponent, Highland
Ball.
Third Race— Ledaea, Catastrophe, Somls.
Fourth Race— Horton, Wyoming, La Goleta.
Fifth Race— Sly, Horatio, Potente.
Sixth Race— Elidad. Rainier, Earl Cochran.
May Build on Blythe Property.
The story that a magnificent modern
building will soon grace the Blythe prop
erty on Kearny, Geary and Market
streets has been revived again. It is ap
parently founded on the prospective visit
of John A. McCall, president of the New
•■ York Insurance Company, who is credited
with being the most likely purchaser.
Charles Newman, who has an extended
lease on a portion of the required prop
! erty has apparently the key to the situa
-1 tion. A building cannot be erected until
j terms are made with him. Inquiry at the
1 office of Mrs. Florence Blythe-Hinklcy
elicited the information that the title to
the property is still vested in her name.
~*~
Harvester King Binders and Headers.
Hooker & Co., San Francisco. •
MUNYON'S TRIUMPH!
Grip, Catarrh, Asthma, Bronchitis and All
Throat and Lung Diseases Posi=
tively Cured by
■ ■ . ) ■ ■ -.
Better than Medicine. it reaches the sore spots.
! „ u-i rv , It heals the raw places.
Better than Doctors. It goes to the seat of diBeaBe .
Better than going tO It penetrates obscure places,
FlOPida where drugs, taken into tho
Better than anything tT^'XrJi «<.„.< to
you have ever tried, the whole system.
It Vaporizes the Diseased Parts.
It Clear. ses and Soothes the Inflamed Organs.
Every pore in your body drinks in these life-giving agents.
Every inhalation enriches the blood and gives new vitality to the
whole system.
Thousands Have Been Cured.
If you have a Cold, try it. If you have the Grip, try it.
If you have Catarrh, try it. If you have Sore Throat, try it.
If you have a Cough, try it. It you have any Throat or
Lung Trouble, try it. For sale by all druggists, or
MAILED TO ANY ADDRESS FOR $1.
This Includes All Necessary Medicines.
Special Demonstrations at the Following Drug Stores:
No Percentage Drug Co. The Owl Drug Co.,
_ 1128 Market St. San Francisco.
DRUCCISTS. Broadway and 10th St.. Oakland.
949-951 Market St., next to Hale Bros. 320 South Spring St., Los Angeles.
G. Leipnitz & Co., S. A. McDonnell's
r 7 PHARMACY.
Druggists, Deutsche Apotheke. Drugs, Wholesale and Retail,
250-252 Sutler St., cor. Grant Aye.. S. F. 106, 108 and 110 Grant S, F., Cat.
Geo. Dahlbender & Co., o Edw n A W. Joy, ,
7 Druggist and Analytical Chemist.
■ DRUCCISTS, • cor. California & Kearny Sts.. S. F.,
214 Kearny St., San Francisco, Caf. Successor to L. R. Ellert.
Ferry Drug Co., H. G. Gerdes,
Cut Rate Druccri«?t«; Druggist and Chemist,
The Grant Drug Co., The Baldwin Phcy,
38 and 40 Third St., cor. Stevenson. I 119 and 121 Ellis St.. Press Club Building.
; Wakelee & Company,
Under Occidental Hotel, Bush and Montgomery Sts. Branch, Suffer and Polk Sts.
IN OAKLAND:
Osgood Bros., Owl Drug Co.,
852, 854, 856, 858 Broadway, cor. 7th. Broadway and Tenth Street
. Polite attendants will be on hand to answer all questions. Everybody Is In-
vited to give the inhaler a free trial. You are welcome to a treatment whether
you purchase or not.
MUNYON" REMEDIES. TREATMENT RV IWAIf
If you have Rheumatism my Rheumatism 1 RCA 1 JflCl" 1 Dl ill AIL.
Cure "will cure it in a few hours; my Dyspep- w.it* p rO fp<=«=nr Hnnmn fnr '£? v.h\rh la
sla Cure will cure any case of indigestion or A^V, T r^i v t^ f' ht. t!
stomach trouble; 90 per cent of kidney 'com- ABSOLUTELY FREE. The most obstinate
plaints, including Brieht's Disease, can be cases successfully treated In the strictest con-
cured with my Kidney Cure: nervous affections ndence. "Guide to Health*' free,
and diseases of the heart are controlled and 4 tap i tl-'irj. j. n«_*i J 1 !-•
c T t d aV^^^rr t ,y I Tc t^, e a l . 1505 Arch Street, Philadelphia.
POKER-PLAYERS IN COURT.
The Case of L. H. Hansen of the
Metropole Saloon Called Before
a Jury.
The case of L. H. Hansen. proprietor of
the Metropole saloon, 773 Market street,
charged with permitting a percentage
game of poker to be played in his saloon,
was called before a iury in Acting Police
Judge Groezinger's court yesterday after
noon. Prosecuting Attorney Carpenter
conducted the prosecution and the de
fendant was represented by Attorney
Sanderson.
No objections were offered to the spell
ing of names or the venire of jurors in
ereneral. but it took all afternoon to finish
the panel of forty and only ten jurors had
been selected. Their names are: J. Neus
tadter. G. L. Morgan. \V. T. Dunn, E. \V.
Strange, I. Mensor, T. Lubbe, George
ADVERTISEMENTS.
oO«oe®9®«»oeoe«9«9oo6e^e&eeee9ogo
1 $3.so= Electric Belts s3.so •
V " """*>^^ Same as certain druggists and quack doctors ™
A /?^' fe " at nl ? n prices- Puch dealers don't MAKE Qj
/^ electric belts; v they SELL 'em! BUY them gJ.
% A ,^^k • CHEAP and sell them HIGH; that's the way "
a M, they do it. Of course the ■ poorer- the quality ©
■ I'- £!!!!& fIS^ 1 the cheaper ths COST, and the higher the
3 By'/ s^s^ «r*jra price sold for the larger the PROFIT, and, In-
9 (rj>. "**' * K*-»$B ci dentally, the greater the "SELL." Do you Q)
.^* j^tfJß&JJg see the point? If so, you will obtain YOUR
w *^^ & "_^^!h *"'* from a reliable manufacturer. We MAKE
£ . \ '->»».?? >^ electric belts; make 'em by' thousands, at all ©
ss4y il\ ' '^ '^ry Wi 4 prices, and, what Is more, we are the sole a
• <!^^ makers of "DR. PIERCE 1 S PATENT OAL- ]
• ifPw*^' ; \>i4, » T'<>;%3r : VANIC CHAIN BELT"— BEST electric •
II t^MW^^^V^iMS^a* belt on *arth! Buy no belt til! you see DR.- A
9 iIWW^MI PIERCES . lET Call at office or send 2c In ]
© \v^l>\W^^^^^l^^ft HVs V »tamps for our "Booklet No. 2." Address ©
I PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., i
s^-^ U * CO Market street (opposite Palace Hotel), a
DR. PIERCE. Inventor.' BAN FRANCISCO.
•O•O••9•*-••••OO•• • • • • 9 • 6 A 9 9 9 9 • O O®
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Vincent, James Price. T. Broderick and
J. Cavanaugh. An additional venire of
fifteen will be issued and the case will be
continued this afternoon.
The cases of H. A. Hornlin and others
arrested in the Cafe Royal were called in
Judge Mogan's court yesterday and con
tinued till to-morrow to be set.
■ ♦ ■
Suspected of Grand Larceny.
E. Raible. a carrier employed by the
Chronicle, walked into the California
Street Police Station Saturday morning
and said that he had been assaulted and
robbed of $75 in the Montgomery Theater,
a well-known resort on Montgomery ave
nue. The matter was reported to the up
per office and last night Detectives Mc
i Mahon and Wren and Officer Friel ar
rested Arthur Dixon and James Triton,
' bartenders in the house, and Nellie Mor
gan and Maggie Smith, charging all four
i with grand larceny. All are suspected of
' having a hand in the robbery.
56
■ I_^ ! .
TUESDAY. . . . . . ........MAY 16. 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS," Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE ...... Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 18CS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson StreeS
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 TENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copiea, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
fc>AILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year $0.00
frAILY CALL (Including Sunday Cain. 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL including Sunday Call), 3 months 1 -M» '
t>AILY CALL— By Single Month «'.(! I
FUNDAT CALL One Year 1.50
V.'EEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
: ample copies' will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room IBS. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE-. Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay
cpen until 9:30 o'clocK. 367 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK,
IS4i Mission street, open uotil 10 o'clock- 2291 Market :
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 251^ ;
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
etrcct. open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an<
Kentucky 6trtat&. occn until 9 o'clock. '
AMUSEMENTS.
imbia— "On i: 1 Off."
.^p — -Tinafore" and ■•Cava'.ieria Rusti-
can;i "
• Wife."
■ . c."
urteville every afternoon
streets— Specialties.
Eighth— Bat-
U(
Monkeys "
mmencement Exer-
■
ttal. Thursday Evening,
y Hall— Kn ocerta, Friday even
AUCTION SALES.
his day. at 11
.;. , Real Estate, at 638
■
.. Furniture, at
Lt 11 a. m., at 230 Valen-
<
THE REGULATION OF TRUSTS.
I I ARDLY ' can be expected from such a
1 sttc law against trusts as thai adopted in
* * ■ tn fact, i icl legislation is more likely
; od, for if enforced it is sure to pre
inations of capital which .ire
. tries in this a.^
exc< pnpetii
i re harmful, however, it doc? not
ai'.l not be some restrictions upon the
of trust?. Evils of portentous magni
have developed in the formation of such enter
nd these it is the duty of governments to
■ as far as possible. Legislation to that end
ed which would materially guard the
t of the public without interfering with any
ing for the promotion of vast 111
--g the evils properly subject to legislation are
ver capitalization of stock companies of all kinds,
and arrangements with railway companies by which
advantages in shipping over
From these two sources
many of the worst offenses of trusts, and if they
ed there is reason to believe the eco
■ ■ lie law which has brought about the development
of large ■ ■ ons of capital could be left to its
>n without danger to the general wel
:
extent to which over capitalization has been
carrii i by the fact that since the beginning
•■ear tin re have been orpanized in New
Jersey alone 51 with an acizreeate capi
m .500.000,000. The figures are
im a recent review of the subject in the Now
York Tribune. This sum exceeds all the sold, silver.
irculation in the United
■5. The capital therefore could not have been
paid up. I it. indeed, represents not money
d, such as land, buildings, machinery
and other I manufacturing plants, but al
lowing a liberal reduction from the total for that kind
:ins an enormous sum. which rep
its nothing but speculation. Yet upon the whole
I endeavor to pay dividends,
and in the endeavor will not be scrupulous as to the
ning revenu< s.
■v by any m the Government con]*]
ns from expanding their business
with so much would be
in protecting legitimate business from cut
mpetition. [f tn ■■ Id bi made to repre
sent nothing but paid up capital their number would
be less and their temptation to unfair business meth
»hed.
This, while true of all corporations, is particularly
hat are known as public util-
Fn uiqsl - panics and water compa
tion fully double ilu- investment,
one portl . I rtds of stockholders and
the other in those of I lers, and they extort
from communities revenu i pay dividi
to th( • • • - est to ilie other. Thus there
is taken from the public by Mich companies just about
twice a c . much as they should be legally permitted to
take.
The Government is. already seeking to prevent rail
way corporations from making unfair discriminations,
a itli an increasing understanding of the complex
ity ci the problems involved ii is likely will succeed.
'1 ' c of the time, therefore, in dealing with
h iver capita I f a law could
be enactfd requiring the enterprising men who have
• 1 .500.000 .000 of Stock in New Jersey to
rolls mi <-r quh business there would be a
■■ .'.ii+.
An enthusiastic jingo suysje^ts Roosevelt and Funs
ton as a Republican Presidential ticket for kxw. but
there are two serious objections. In the first place it
1- premature, and in the second place Kansas would
prefer to have the names revc :
The the beef inquiry court seems to be
rded as final by nobody. The beef contractors
it should be followed by the retirement of Gen
-. while the country is of the opinion Alger
- l.oftUß
have advised her to marry again, it
101 ks as if he were standing in with divorce lawyers
and wished to provide another case.
THE HEAVENLY TWINS.
THE nearest approach to a classical immortality
that Governor Gage and Daniel M. Burns will
ever make is conveyed by the ironical use of the
phrase, "par nohile fratrum," or "a noble pair of
brothers." Their intimacy is as close, if not as pure,
as that of Jonathan and David. It is quite likely that
they will be as inseparable hereafter as they are now.
The State is filled with narratives of their relations to
each other, which unite them as intimately as the
Siamese twins.
It may be presumed that the people can still identify
Daniel M. Burns. He cannot be remembered by any
great deed he has done, by any noble word he has
■-jH.ken, by any sound principle he has advocated or
:by any statesmanlike measure he has originated. His
achievements in petty municipal politics or in his
former official connection with the State, though oft
en threshed over in the press, were not in themselves
enough to rescue him from oblivion. But, as the rail
road candidate for the Senate of the United States,
without a single intellectual or moral qualification,
with a record, to use David C. Broderick's celebrated
phrase, "dripping with corruption," and in hardened
disregard of popular sentiment, he stands upon a pin
nacle of unenviable notoriety, miry and slippery, yet
distinguishable amidst the fetid exhalations of the
class of politicians with whom he is most intimately
associated.
And this is the selected adviser of the chief execu-
i tive of the State of California, who stood on a high |
during a long canvass and roared his independ- J
ence of railroad influence and of every form of hos- i
tility to the public till he became hoarse and his j
listeners stunned! He sounded his own immaculate
purity through the gamut of a bugle, with the under
tone of a trombone. A mere interrogation that even
g< sted the possible existence of a suspicion among
those who did not personally know him that his tem
perature toward C. P. Huntington was not below
i xcited in him as much indignation as the honest '
parrot felt when he admitted he could talk but
denied the right of his interlocutor to ask him if he j
wanted a cracker. The aureole through which he 1
shone as a candidate while the railroad was "out of
politics" transfigured him into the semblance of a
party saint, whom the people could proximately wor
ship while the common wirepullers glared and tore
their hair in the dista
An archangel and Sal m with locked arms would
not have been a gn I cism than the individual
fraternization after the ■ the Governor that i
i? and the Senatorial candidate that was. There is no,
accounting, however, for personal tastes, which may
excite curiosity or surprise, but nevertheless belong '
to the region of undebatable privacy. So the affec
tionate blending of rancid oil and muddy water thus
personified was wonderingly observed and mutely tol
erated. But when the legislators had dispersed and
• in their scattered homes in the midst of their '
relieved constituencies the plot thickened until the;
State was involved and a private anomaly became a j
public nuisance.
For it was - rent that these heavenly twins
not the mere victims of an unaccountable and an i
engrossing tenderness, but that they had an engage
ment together, with Mr. Huntington as proprietor
and William F. Herrin as manager. The Governor,
who had quickly anmasked when the railroad carnival
began and who stuck out his tongue at the duped
■ rs who had registered his victory, eagerly prom- :
to caricature Net-", who appointed a horse to a!
sulate, if the example of Pennsylvania was rati- ■
tied at Washington. Meanwhile the regards of the
clashing mercenaries were to be distributed, and who
could be so repn sentative an intermediary as his alter
I ego. or his other self?
The frequent rehearsals were over and the parts
duly memorized- Up went the curtain, gently tinkled
the prompter's bell and the open spectacular drama
began, which, like a Chinese play, is apparently in one
act and never to end. All the interested spectators
can see is rapid changes of scene, with the same crowd
tumbling over each other from one point to another. :
And. amidst the general tumult, the only fixture is the
receptive Gage and the whispering Burns.
Gage is discovered in the orange groves of the
South. Burns is there. A rapid shift is made to the
; recesses of the executive chambers in the State Capi
! tol. Burns is there. The rush of steam is heard and
■ ears in the portals of the Palace. Burns |
is there. Gage vanishes into one of the dim recesses i
c architectural hostelry. The coat tail of Burns 1
■ s from the faithful crowd. Gage reappears on the
Sacramento bank of our California Tiber. Burns is
| there. Shaded nooks, obscure corners, open porticos,
festive grill rooms. all the resorts and all the refuges of
the haunted purveyor of political viands, follow each
other in prompt though irregular procession. But
amidst all the transmutations the prompter is tin
| changed, there is otic vociferous gang, one hypno
i tized Gage, and one eternal and indescribable Burns.
The audience is numerous and respectable. It in-
eludes Republicans who will have to participate with
their means, with their influence and with their labor
in the realistic performance of the coming year. And
their chief interest now is to in whether the
worst actors they ever saw will finish their disrepu
table parts ard allow genuine stars and a pood stock
company t>> take possession of the stage.
SELF-GOVERNMENT.
THE report of General Stephen D. Leo, chairman
of the history committee, to the Confederate re
union at Charleston contains'the following sig
nificani passage.: "The reception given our benevo
lent intentions in the Philippines is certainly of a char
r to inspire a wholesome respect. We are not
; likely in the future to hear so much about the right
■ of men who have not yet learned to govern them
selves to govern others by their vote.-. The doctrine
of the Declaration of Independence, that governments
i derive their just powers from the consent of the gov
\ crned. had something of a shock in the war between
| the States, and the island subjects of the United States
| will find little comfort in reading that celebrated in
strument by the light of subsequent history. The dif
! ficulties of the race problem abroad ought to bring a
charitable judgment of the same thing here at home.
and we may reasonably expect our Northern brethren
to meet us hereafter rather in a spirit of inquiry than
of rebuke. The recent movement to put the su
premacy of the more educated upon a constitutional
and legal basis, thus banishing the .-pecter of misrule
from our borders, is steadily gaining progress."
It will be observed that this is a deliberate assertion
■of the righlness of the ethical basis of slavery. It is
difficult to disagree with the conclusions reached by
the Confederates if the premise of subject races is ad
mitted. The statement is a renewal of the academic
discussion that was brought on by Lincoln when he
said: "If a man govern himself, that is liberty, that is
self-government. But if he govern himself and an
other man. that is tyranny, that is despoti-m."
The nature of the government given to the other
man. its goodness, its benevolence, did not enter into
the question at all. The fact that it was government
without consent made it despotism. The joint state
ment of Seward and Lincoln that the republic could
THE SJ\N ri^ANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 16, 1899.
not endure half-slave and half-free, for between the
two there was an irrepressible conflict, applies with
still greater force to a republic ruling without their
consent twenty millions of "island subjects."
Men who look beyond politics to the principles of
government, which are the foundation of all politics in
a free State, will readily apply the principle of the ir
repressible conflict to a republic which governs citi
zens at home by their Consent and subjects abroad
against their consent. The meaning of General Lee's
statement. is painfully plain. It is an expression of
Confederate assent to imperialism, to the permanent
subjugation of our island suhjects, because it will
compel the same civil and political subjugation of the
negroes at home.
This deepens and darkens the problem and must
?dd to the anxieties of all who thoughtfully consider
it. It means the control presently of nearly 25.000,000
of subjects at home and abroad. No Northern im
perialist can find fault with General Lee's Confederate
repudiation of the Declaration of Independence nor
with the tone of contempt in which he refers to it.
Nor can any such resent the air of exultation with
which the Confederates hail what they properly regard
as the early triumph of the principles for which they
stood in 1861. There is a very faint trace of political
difference between a government owning "subjects"
and a master owning slaves, and there is no moral nor
ethical difference at all. The whole issue is illuminated
by its statement to the Confederates. The battles
fought abroad are for the subjugation of 13.000,000 of
blacks at home, for a constitutional change denying
to them self-government, for repudiation of the Decla
ration of Independence as an absurdity.
In this view it stands the Republican party in hand
to examine its ancient charts and see whither it is
drifting. If the premise and conclusion of the Con
federate leader are admitted the Republican party has
no further reason for existence. If it affirm the right
to hold subjects it cannot deny the right to hold
slaves, and all the terrible and glorious history it made
in the first four years of its power fades away like the
morning mist. •
The view of General Lee is that of General Wheeler.
Senator Morgan and the whole list of most influential
Southern leaders. They see in conquest and empire
and the owning of subjects not only a positive his
torical vindication of their position in 1861, but a
present and future advantage of the first order. It
■ makes them again masters of the negroes. It puts
their heels once more on the neck of the blacks. It
advances forever the principle that the weak have no
rights except by the will of the strong. It forever
.loses against Jefferson's doctrine that strong and
weak, high and low, all men are born equal and with
i certain inalienable rights. It overthrows finally and
destroys that protection of inherent right in which
Jefferson believed. Inalienable right disappears from
the world. None will make its fight, none respect its
expression. The weak and humbie will be born into
! the world unequal and with only such rights as the
i strong choose to give them.
Surely Mr. Moorfield Storey spoke with the voice
I of prophecy when he said in 1806 that "our form of
government and our free institutions can endure any
vicissitude and misfortune, but they will hardly sur
vive victory in a foreign war."
THE FIGHT AGAINST MILES.
lIHJROM the manner with which the report of the
court of inquiry lias been received it is evident a
strong movement has been started, seemingly by
the meat packers of Chicago, to hopelessly discredit
General Miles and force him from the army. The at
tack has been maintained continuously ever since the
report was made public and has been pushed forward
under as many forms as ingenuity can give it.
One of the most cunning of the devices to injure
the general was put forth a few days ago in a report
that "General Miles is observing the letter but not
the spirit of the obligation to accept the report of the
army beef court of inquiry as final. He still talks to
friends about a packed court, and they are quietly
working for Congressional investigation. William J.
Bryan's influence has been sought." It is said in the
same precious rumor the silver agitator was told that
by upholding Miles he could discredit the administra
tion and thus help his own party.
From this story, told with repeated assertions that
it emanates from "good authority," it would appear
the general of the nrmy is engaged in a political in
trigue against the President and the War Department,
that he has formed an alliance with the noisiest agi
tator of the country for the purpose of fomenting dis
cord and gratifying a personal spite. If such a story
should find credence among any considerable number
of people it would seriously injure the general's repu
tation, and to that extent aid the angry beef packers in
their efforts to deprive him of his rank and force him
into retirement.
Fortunately the concoctor of the report, the Wash
ington correspondent of the Chicago Inter Ocean,
was led by excess of zeal in the cause of the beef con
tractors to go too far and betray the animus of his
story. By way of making a contrast to the alleged
insubordination and intrigues of Miles, the report
says Secretary Alger is well satisfied with the situation
and will continue to do his duty as heretofore with
out fear or favor. The report then goes on to say:
Should there mmc a timo in the future when
Miles shall attempt to have the Secretary overruled
by the President, then Secretary Alger will refuse
to submit to intimidation and will maintain his
pplf-rr'srw^-t ny surrendering thr> portofolla He has
stood between tho President and enemies of the ad
ministration for many months and taken abuse that
w.-is meant for and in fact applied to the President.
Rut ho will not submit to being used as a means of
reconciling Miles and creating harmony with an In
subordinate Official. If the Provident wishes a Sec
retary ..f War who will truckle to the discredited
major general in command he will have to find an-
Other man, as 'ioneral Alger will not do so.
It will be seen the story concludes by speaking of
General Miles as a man already discredited, and holds
out the hardly veiled threat that the President must
ignore the general or Alger will resign. It is a fair
supposition that all the first part of the story about the
intrigue with Bryan was about invented solely to
make occasion for the closing passage. The fight
against the general has clearly become one of ex
traordinary bitterness, and it would be worth while
to have a Congressional investigation if for no other
purpose than that of disclosing the men who arc
backing it.
It is announced that certain prominent men in New
York arc arranging to welcome Dewey to a banquet
which will cost $100 a plate, and if they do the dinner
will not be any too good for the admiral, but at the
same time it will prove there are some millionaires in
the big city who can make even patriotism take asi
nine forms.
The British continue to talk of the advisability of
keeping an open door in China, but it is noticeable
that whenever Russia shows a desire to walk in the
British hasten to shut it with a ban)?.
Senator Mason's pure food commission is not living
up to its title by any means. It has found plenty of
adulterated foods, but the other kind eludes pursuit.
RANCH AND RURAL LIFE
The use of wood pulp for paper has not entirely obsoleted rag paper.
Many a housewife on a ranch has wondered what to do with old clothes
that are past wearing. Formerly the "'rag man" used to make his rounds
and trade tinware for garments that had served their time and been dis
charged as clothing. In London there is a paper mill that makes a special
kind of paper. Near by is a flat, barren piece of ground where old clothes
are buried to undergo a ground sweat in preparation for use in the paper
mill. A corner of this grave yard is set aside for old linen goods. The
linen is placed in boxes, called coffins, in layers, with finely pulverized soil
between each layer, and the coffin is then buried and limewater is sprin
kled over the grave. At the head of each grave is a wooden headstone bear
ing the date of the interment. After a fortnight the coffin is raised, the
linen is taken out, put in a warm blanket and rushed to the paper mill. This
supplementary retting produces some chemical change in the flax.
The average wheat yield in the United States is thirteen bushels and in
Europe thirty bushels per acre.
A Clydesdale horse recently exhibited in New York is the biggest horse
in the world. He weighs 3000 pounds, is 20^j hands high, 32 inches around
the arm, 45 around the stifle, and is 11 feet 4 inches long, and his head is
three feet long.
An inquirer wants to know the wealth of nations. Mulhall's tables give
it ac follows: United States, $81, 750,000,000; Great Britain, $59,030,000,000;
France, $47,950,000,000; Germany, $40,260,000,000; Russia, $32,125,000,000; Aus
tria, $22,500,000,000; Italy $15,800,000,000; Spain $11,300,000,000. These compu
tations are based upon values of real estate, buildings, railways, merchan
dise and the circulating medium in each nation.
Experiments are on in Europe with new feedstuffs as a dairy ration.
The stuffs tried are cocoa-molasses, molasses distillery refuse, blood mo
lasses and bran. They all gave good results In milk except molasses distil
lery waste.
In a life of 70 years a man spends 25 years in bed, 12 years in work and
12 in play, 6 years in eating and drinking, 6 years in walking, 3 years in
dressing, 1 year and 5 months in illness and wastes an equal amount of
time. It takes him 12 weeks in putting on his shoes, and he spends 2 yeaxa
in making his toilet.
The wild rose grows all over the world except in Australia.
ADVICE.
Th^re was some one or other who had a quaint way
i )f merrily saying "Furgit it!"
Don't keep on bewailing your I< >t day by day.
It isn't your duty, so quit it.
There's no use complaining of how things are run.
This earth has its sorrow and likewise its fun.
If you find you can't right any mischief that's done,
"Furg-it it! Furgit it! Furgit it!"
Grim winter has lingered, but gnarly old trees
Strive for blooming and murmur "Furgit it!"
And the echo is caught by the whispering breeze.
Regret? They would never permit it.
Our troubles we've had, and we'll have them again,
But when solace invites only folly peeks pain.
Let us grieve when we must and till then sound the strain,
"Furgit it! Furgit it! Furgit it!" —Washington Star.
STATE NOTES.
The Tulare Times says a farmer down there was offered 50 cents an acre
for his wheat crop for pasture by a sheep man. The farmer was just start
ing for town and told the sheep man to call next day. That afternoon the
farmer drove home In the rain and his wheat crop is now worth $20 per acre,
due to the shower.
The Alta Advocate says that seines will be needed to harvest the wheat
sown on the dry bed of Tulare Lake last winter, for the lake is refilling with
water.
The Sacramento Bee reports the net profits on twenty acres of sugar
beets at Courtland to be $634, or $31 70 per acre.
An Eastern poultry raiser is looking for a location in Contra Costa
County. He puts the net profit of the business here at $2 per hen per an
num, and intends to keep 8000 hens.
There is complaint of fruit dropping, and it is wrongly ascribed to the
dry weather of last year. Quite to the contrary, it is due to the wet
weather in March of this year. The orchards that were in bloom when the
heavy rains came were injured by washing the pollen from the bloom so
that fertilization failed. Especially peaches will grow to a certain size with
out fertilization and then they wither and drop. It is no sign of any dis
ease in the tree, and the only injury is the present loss of the crop to the
extent to which it drops.
Mr. Alden Anderson of Polano County has shipped cherries already to
New Orleans, Kansas City and Chicago.
Solano County is to the front this year with great crops of hay, grain,
sugar beets and fruit.
All the men in Vacaville who were idle have been put at work thinning
peaches. Thorp was no dropping there, and the crop set is so heavy that
thinning is a necessity.
Tho Government crop report puts the condition of California wheat at
93 per cent, the highest of any State.
The new winery at Geyserville has contracted for grapes at $10 and $12
P<=>r ton, >»ri basis of 22 per cent sugar. The Zinfandel on that basis will bring
512 and the Mission $10.
WILL INSPECT THE
CITY'S ARMAMENT
ENGINEERS WILL ESTABLISH
RANGE-FINDERS.
Officers Arrive From Governors Isl
and, New York, Charged With
Important Duties.
Major J. P. Storey and Captain H. L.
Harris, of the Engineering Department
of the United States Army, arrived yes
terday from Governors Island. New York,
and registered at the Palace. They will
immediately proceed to the inspection of
the fortifications and armament at points
around the bay.
The visit of the two officers to this city
is in line with the plans of the Depart
ment to put San Francisco and the pen
insula on » modern war footing. During
the past year the antiquated guns that
have been used for years for no other
purpose than an occasional salute have
been displaced by the more powerful and
effective engines of recent invention.
Mortar batteries have h<>en put in until
the swales of the foothills back of the
Presidio bristle with them.
Range finders for the new guns and the
batteries have not yet been installed,
and this duty is the primary object for
the visit here of the two representatives
of the Engineering Department.
They have already inspected the port
at San Diego, where they established
range finders at Point Lntna, and after
completing their work here will proceed
north and lnppect every fortification
along the coast as far as Vancouver.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
POLICE PENSION A. S.. city. No act
of the Legislature has affected the pay
ment of pensions to police officers.
GUTDE OF SAN FRANCISCO-Reader,
Vallejo, Cal. Any flrst-ckiss book store
will procure for you a San Francisco
street guide.
COLONEL OF THE FIRST— J. F.. New
York, N. Y. There is no Mich officer as
"tho colonel of tire First National Guard
of California."
EUCHRE— A. F., City. In a game of
euchre, four handed, if A plays alone
against B and A takes three tricks and B
two, A scores one point.
THE SAN FRANCISCO— H. F. M.. City.
On the Tith of April, 1898, the cruiser San
Francisco was out of commission and was
at the Norfolk Navy-yard.
HUNTTNGTON'S AGE— F. K. G.. Oak
land, CaL Collie P. Huntington was horn
October 22, 1821. at Harwlnton, Lltchfteld
County. Conn., so last October he was 77
years of age.
CHAFING— J. P.. Ben Lomond, Cal.
Persons who are troubled with chafing of
the armpits find great relief by wearing
absorbent cotton between the parts which
rub together.
TO MOUNT HAMILTON— City Sub
scriber. The most convenient way to
reach Mount Hamilton from San Francis
co Is via San Jose, from which place there
is a line of stages to tne top of the moun
tain.
MARRTAGE LICENSES— A. S.. City.
A marriage license issued in A!ame<ia
County could not be used in Mendocino
County. Such a license is valid only in
California, in the county In which it Is
issued.
NICK CARTER— A. S., City. "Nick
Carter, the Detective," who has been
writing a number of detective stories, is
not known in police circles as a detective
who ever figured in the annals of crime
and those who apprehended criminals
STOCKING TUB" CARDS— G. W. R.,
City. By a process known to sporting
men as "stocking the cards" a deck of
cards can lie so arranged that even after
the cut all players would not have an
equal chance for a good or a bad hand
DIVORCE-I. H. R., Sanger. Cal. A di
vorce that is valid in the United States
is valid in Canada. Such a divorce is.
generally, also valid in (Ireat Britain hut
there are some Instances where it would
not be valid in the latter country. hf>
for instance, relating l<> British subjects
when a question of residence is involved
THE PYRAMIDS-A. S.. City. The
Pyramids of Egypt all have an entrance,
generally from the north. This depart
ment would advise you to call at the Free
Public Library reference room, and in
the cyclopedias there read very interest-
Ins and instructive accounts of these
structures.
EXAMINATION AT MARK ISLAND—
T. R., San Mateo, Cal. A person desiring
to take an examination under civil service
rules for the position of mechanic at the
Mare Island Navy Yard should request
an application blank and information
from the secretary of the Board of La
bor Employment at that place.
ANTS-G. H. J., City. An easy way to
f xtrrminate ants is to smear a plate with
lard and place it where the insects do
most congregate. Tho lard will attract
the insrcts. they heing very fond of it.
They will he caught on the lard and when
there are a number caught that way hold
the plate over a hot stove and the lard
will run into the fire with the ants and
cremate them. Then prepare the plate
anew.
AN TMPERSOXATOR-Subscriber, Sali
nas. CaL If you are possessed of "a fal
setto voice— mezzo-soprano— some knowi
ng*- of music and would make a good
female impersonator," you had better of
fpr your services to some reputable man
ager of a vaudeville theater, and if you
have the gift you claim for yourself you
will he engaged. Before you send your
picture for publication as an impersona
tor you had better wait until you are
acknowledged as such.
INDIVIDUAL PROPERTY-G. F. X.,
T.os Angeles, CaL If a husband or wife
owned property before marriage, never
made it over as community property, the
exclusive ownership rests In the one who
owns it. If the party difs without having
made a will the property is distributed
according to the law of succession. As
you do not state what relatives the dece
dent left it is impossible to tell the man
ner of the distribution. This department
refers you to that law, which is quite
lengthy.
PERSONAL PROPERTY — P.. City.
Personal property is not exempt from
taxation in the State of California. The
constitution of the State says: "All prop
erty in this State not exempt under the
aws of the United States shall be taxed
In proportion to its value; provided that
property used for free public libraries,
and free museums, growing crops, prop
erty used exclusively for public schools
and such as may belong to the United
States this State or to any county or
municipal corporation within this State
shall be exempt from taxation "
PERFI'MES-E. P. A.. City. Perfumes
are extracted from flowers by enfleurage.
absorption or masceration, from the roots
by tituratlon, and from the seeds by dis
tillation. The process is divided into
lour distinct operations, viz.: m Exnres
sion (2) distillation, (8) masceration and
(4) absorption. At the Free Public Li
brary you will find books that will give
you information as to the application of
these methods for the extraction of the
odor from the tuberose and other flow
ers. This department has not the space
to give the several processes.
EASTERN ADEPTS-G. E.. Pacheco,
Cal. This correspondent asks a number
of questions in relation to the powrr of
the Eastern Adepts, existing at present
principally in the north of India and Thi
bet, who, to establish beyond the shadow
of a doubt that man possesses a soul,
separate it from the body and rejoin it
at will, and so forth. The questions were
submitted to one who has made a close
study of the matter and his reply is:
These questions call for the expression of an
Individual opinion, since they concern matters
thnt In the Western world at least do not
comn under the head of exact science. Rofore
exact science admitted the rotundity of the
earth any statement whatever upon the sub
ject could have bften considered mereiy an opin
ion. So it Is to-day with these subtler forces
of nature The Theosophists, who affirm as
proven hypotheses these occult forces so en
tertainingly described by A. Conan Doyle and
other writers, disclaim either authority or di
vine revelation for their doctrines and Insist
that each Individual can only prove or disprove
th«ni for himself and for himself alone.
There are extant many well antln>ntlcated
accounts ot the Adepts and Yogis of India and
Thibet ond their remarkable knowledge of
natural forces, but there are also many who
discredit them. From the standpoint of the
Theosophist all the questions asked should be
answered In the affirmative. The materialists
declare them all moonshine or Imaginative.
The agnostics decline to answer. However, one
of the greatest of agnostics. Huxley, once wrote
that it was reasonable to suppose that there
were beings as superior to men as men are to
Mack beetle?. In the Eastorn philosophies
there are Infinite grades or beings on both
sides of man and somewhere alont In the
ascent from the ordinary man there must be,
of course, those who can accomplish all the
occult feats referred to in "The Mystery of
Cloomb«r," providing only that the Eastern
philosophies are the true ones, and that Is a
question that no person has a right to de
cide lor another.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Judge A. P. Catlln of Sacramento Is a
guest at the Lick. fc
J. Maginnis. a railroad man of Los An- '
geles, is Btaying at the Palace.
T. J. Eager and wife of Boston, Mass.,
are registered at the Occidental"!
W. W. Chapin, an Iron pipe manufac
turer of Sacramento, is at the Palace.
J. M. Striening. a fruit packer nf Snnta
Rosa, is making the Grand his headquar
ters during a brief stay in this city.
Joseph Simon, who broke the deadlock
in the Oregon Legislature and was elected
United States Senator, is at the Palace.
Henry C. Davis, United States M
Corps, arrived from Washington, D. C,
last night with his wife and took quarters
at the Palace.
Dr. A. H. Suggett, a prominent dentist
of Marysville and a member of the Alum
ni Association of the Dental Department
of the University of California, is spend
ing a few days in this city.
Assistant Superintendent J. C. Fraser
of Pinkerton's detective agency, who re
cently traced Samuel M. Findley. default
ing Tax Collector of San Luis Obispo, to
Lima, Peru, and caused his arrest, will
leave Callao with Findley on the steamer
Santiago on Saturday, due to reach Pan
ama May 20, and expects to arrive in San
Francisco on or about June 19.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, May 15.— William Lund of
San Francisco is at the Savoy. D. F.
Garretson of San Diego is at the Man
hattan. ..^l
4P
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, May 15.— J, H. Hazzard
and wife of San Jose are visiting friends
In Washington. H. Osgood of Los An
geles is registered at the National.
READY FOR A NEW TERM.
New Rules for Admission of Pupils
to the Lick School.
The new term at the Lick school will
open July 31. Pupils will be limited to
seventy-five boys and thirty-one girls.
The school will be free of charge for
tuition, and will be open to any boy or
girl of this State who has completed the
eighth grade of the grammar school* ,
upon the following conditions:
Applicants will be admitted upon satis
factory recommendation from their for
mer teachers, principals or school super
intendent. Ip to June 1 of each year
places are reserved for qualified appli
cants. Applications received after June
1 are not acted upon until July 10. and it
the number of such applications exceeds
the number of places remaining, then
competitive examinations will be held
for those whose applications were filed
later than June 1. This examination will
be written, and the applicant's qualifica
tions will be judged by his auiUty to ex
press him*. M clearly and correctly by
means of simple English sentences; by
his knowledge of the processes of arith
metic and by his acquaintance with the
leading facts of United States history and
descriptive geography.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Phoebe M. White from Michael White on
the ground of infidelity; Alexander J.
Hepburn from Alice Hepburn on th 9
ground of willful desertion: Eva F. Suy
dam from William H. Suydam on the
ground of desertion. Suits for divorce
have been filed by Fanny Wright aeains.t
John A. Wright for failure to provide;
Fanny S. Beardslee against Frederick M.
Bejinislee on statutory grounds, and
Manuel Faustino against Maria Faustino 1
for deserti"n.
The Martha Mulcted.
I'nitcd States District Judge de Haven
decided for the Government yesterday in
the suit of the United States vs. the Mar
tha for J2OOO damages alleged to have been
sustained by the United States coast sur
vey steamer Patterson. During 1 a heavy
gale on the bay about a year ago the Mar
tha drifted into collision with the Patter
son. The master in chancery was author
ized to fix the amount of the damage.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepnone Main 1042. •
Cigar Smuggler Held.
"William Clay, driver of the donkey en
gine on the steamer Queen, was held to
answer yrpt^rday by I'nited States Court
Commissioner Heacock on the charge of
smuggling. He was < aught at 4 o'clock in j
the morning spiriting a valise filled with J
Mexican cigars from the steamer.
Y. JA. C. A. Excursion via Burlington
Route.
Leaving San Francisco Thursday, May 18, 8
a. m., the Burlington route will run through
tourist cars to Chicago, In charge of a manager
for those desiring to attend the Biennia'
vention, Y. M. C. A., to be held at Grand
Rapids, Mich., May 24.
Tourist cars will also run from Chicago to
Boston for those desiring to extend their jour
ney to Eastern points. Full information given
and reservations made at 32 Montgomery st.,
San Francisco, or 972 Broadway, Oakland
Bock Island Route Excursions.
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via
Rio Grande and Rock ißland railways. Through
tourist sleeping cars to Chicago and Boston.
Manager and porter accompany these excur
sions through to Boston. For tickets, sleeping
car accommodations and further information,
address CLINTON JONES. General Agent
Rock Island Railway, 624 Market St.. S. F.
Ask for Allen's Foot-Ease,
A powder to shake into ycur shoes. It rests
the feet and makes walking easy. Cures Corns
and Bunions, Swollen, Callous and Sweating
feet. Sold by all drusrcists and shoe stores. 25c.
Ask to-day. Sample FREE. Address Allen S.
Olmsted, Le Roy. X. Y.
If you lack appetite try half a wine glass of
Angostura Bitters half hour before meals.
Made by J. G. B. Siegert & Sons.
John Duenberger Drowned.
The man whose body was taken from
the bay alongside the steamer T'matilla,
near the Broadway wharf last Sunday,
■wa? identified yesterday aa John Duen-i
berger. a paperhangsr. He vms lasi Jl.
on Saturday night and was very much in
toxicated.
feoKS
THREE
MINUTES
I ffl 111 IIJUMPED FROM
THE DECK OF
THE BERKELEY
Captain William Yorke
Ends His Life.
WAS SICK AND DESPONDENT
THE UNFORTUNATE MAN HAD
BEEN AILING FOR MONTHS.
The Captain Was Well Known
Throughout the City. Being Both
a Veteran Fireman and
Pioneer.
• ' -m R. Yorke, a pioneer,
c In
■ ■ ler E Fled Men. '
i ci al • thi •■
c mmitted suicide bj
can
CAPTAIN YORKE, THE FERRY-BOAT SUICIDE.
, certain by tying a bas
■ Qatirons around
taking the fatal pi.;;
master mariner
an«l : I Tayloi treet. n
l long Tin'
been ■ ; . His money gave
ie was in ■' : th all his
lodges, and, to misery, !
eufferlrg fmni an incurable sk
Aboul ' ' mmit sui
cide by Jumph '--•■ of
•
The old man made pure that he would
not be rescued this time. He carried the
basket with him to the ferries rind then
purchased a ticket for Oakland. When
the rry-boat gut well out in the stream
York- took off his coat and placed it on
the seat. Then he made the basket con
taining the flatirons fast around his nock
and, climbing over the railing, jumped
into the bay. The cry "A man over
board!" was at onre raised and the
Berkeley's engines were quickly reversed;
A boat was lowered in very fast time,
but it took several minutes to get back
to where Y/orke had disappeared. His
hat was found, but there was nothing
]=e to show that a life had gone out. The
boat was rowed over and over the spot,
but not even a bubble came up to show
•where thp •Id man had gone down. "When
the Berkeley reached this Bide the hat and
coat were turned over to the Harbor
police.
Th« widow of the deceased keeps a
lodging-house at 109 Taylor street. She
pays her husband left the house early in
the morning and at thai time ]-■ was very
despondent. He had been suffering from
rheumatism as well :is other ailments and
•was treated at a dispensary last Thurs
day.
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy,
Stbui of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
Is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAXi. ' .
LOUISVILLE, K7. NEW YORK, V. T.
«ar Bale by all Druggists.— Price 50c. per bottle,
NO JOVIAL
BUTCHER WILL
BUY OR SELL
One Day of Rest for
the Meat Men.
PREPARING FOR THEIR PICNIC
GAMES AND RACES TO SUIT THE
MOST ENTHUSIASTIC.
Special Interest Will Center Around
the Track Events — Valuable
Prizes to Be Awarded
the Winners.
Among the meat handlers there is noth
ing thought "f but the coming r>f Butch
ers' Day, which will oe along here next
week. Every knight of the, cleaver and
B preparing to lay down the tools nf
his office for that day at least and let
the world live on what it ordered the day
before or take to embalmed beef until
the festive butcher comes home from his
■
There Is a fine of $50 provided for every
butcher who so far forgets himself as to
buy or sell upon that day, so there will be
no lack of attendance at the picnic— an
event that has become a feature of the
summer outings.
A list of frames has been prepared that
promises to hold the interest of every one,
but the talent of the committee on ar
rangements Is best shown in the pro
gramme of races. There are races for
everybody and to suit everybody, And
there will be everything from the farce
comedy of a steer race to the strictly
business speed of the real fliers. The speed
races will be open this year, and this fact
will add much to their interest and un
certainty. The programme is as follows:
First race, trotting, one mile, open to all:
three starters or more; entrance fee 15. forfeit
110 First prize $50, second prize- $:'.", third
prize $10.
Second race, free-for-all pacing race, open to
all; three starters or more; entrance fee to,
forfeit $10— First prize $50, second prize $25,
third prize $10.
Third race, free-for-all running race, catch
weights; one mile; open; entrance fee $150,
forfeit $s— First prize $30; second prise $20, third
prize SI".
Fourth race, butchers' trotting 1 and pacing
race, butchers to drive; no ownership of horse
required: three or more starters: entrance fee
$5, forfeit $10— First prize $50, second prize $25,
third prize $10.
Fifth race, steer running race; a fifth of a
mile; three starters or more; entrance fee >;,,
forfeit $10 First prize $40, second prize $25,
third Drlze $15.
Sixth race, butchers' special cart race, horses
to be owned thirty days prior to day of race;
three or more starters; entrance fee $2 50. for
feit $:>— First heat, first horse first prize, and
then pi. off the track: second heat, first horse
second prize; second horse third prize; horses
hitched to llcht carts, drivers to wear aprons
and gowns; only horses used in the delivery of
meat to start, and not horses that are used
In bujrples for collecting, etc: first prize $50,
second prize $25, third prize $10.
Seventh race, vaqueros' running race; a
fourth of a mile; for vaqueros; only Mexican
saddles to be used; entrance fee $I— First prize
$20. second prize $10, third prize $5.
The entries for the races will close to
morrow evening and until then entries
may be made wi\h any one of the mem
bers of the committee on the racetrack.
The committee reserves the right to re
ject any horse that so far outclasses the
others as to rob the race of its interest.
PRAYERS AND FLOWERS.
The Native Daughters Observe the
Memorial Day of the Order.
yesterday the various parlors of the
Native Daughters of the '"olden West
throughout the State observed what
is known in the order as memorial
day. In this city the several par
lors, by committees from each, vis
ited the cemeteries, where they cov
ered ?.Ith flowers the graves of deceased
members.
In the evening several of the parlors
held appropriate services, consisting of
prayers, music and addresses of a char
acter suited to the occasion. Alta and ],rt
Estrella parlors held BUCh exercises in
Native Sons' Hall, the lattfr holding the
ceremonies in public.
Ministers' Weekly Meeting 1
Rfv. S. K. xarrow read a paper IWon
the Congregaup" "wta yesterday morning
en, "is thp !•:• ' Passing?" He dis
cussed the suM". -.a length and believed
H should I O»t!ntt< Rev. C. C. Marriott
read a paper tiefore the Presbyterian
Ministers' Union on "The Minister of the
Body of Christ— the Church." A.l the
Baptists' meeting Rev. a. m. Petty's
n;ii»' r was on "something Accomplished
by the Bondage and Pilgrimage of the
Israelites." Chaplain Drahms of Ban
Quentin prison discussed ■■crime and
Heredity" at the Methodist ministres'
mi ciing.
Buckley's Pal in Poverty.
".T.-irk" St^ed. an Old-time spurt and as
sociate of Cbristophpr A. Buckley nnd
others who, in days gone by. made Wash
and itontgomery 1 streets hum with
the noise of their glasses and the mirth
Of their voices, was removed from a
squalid hovel at l."90 Fifteenth stre,?t last
night by Officers A. B. Ri^hl, Robert Gra
ham and WalW and taken to the City
and County Hospital. He was formerly
well to do, but had been existing upon
rharltv for some time DasL
THE SAIs T FRATs CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 16, 1899.
MME, CURLEY
WAS TOO FOND
OF DIAMONDS
Grave Charge Against
a Clairvoyant.
DISAPPEARED WITH THE GEMS
HEB DUPES SAID TO BE NUM-
BERED BY SCORES.
Police Asked to Arrest Her if She Is
Still in This Country— Left
the City in Great
Haste.
Two la die? called at police headquarters
and also upon Acting Police Judge Groez-
Inger yesterday to secure a warrant for
the arrost of Mme. E. Curley, the
spiritualist and clairvoyant, and her hus
band, on charges of swindling and lar
ceny. The ladles admitted they had been
duped by the medium, and said Mme.
Curley'e victims In this city are numbered
by scores.
Mrs. Gray, one of the ladies who seeks
to set the law officers upon the medium,
keeps a lodging house on Geary street,
and it was there that Mme. Curley and
her husband held forth up to the 6th of
this month, when they hastily departed
from the city, taking with them some
silverware anil jewelry belonging to the
landlady, bo she alleges, besides several
thousand dollars' worth of diamonds be
longing to other ladies, as well as large
sums of money.
Mrs. Gray bluntly accuses the Ourleys
of being frauds of the first water. She
says they came to her house about two
months ago. engaging the parlors. A day
or two later large advertisements ap
peared in the local papers, announcing
that Mme. Curley had come to town and
was prepared to give seances at $1 per
scar.cc. She did a rushing business from
the start, and day and night her rooms
were inronged with women. But it ap
pears Mme. Curley was not satisfied with
her legitimate business, and proceeded to
gather in all the wealth belonging to her
patrons she could get her hands on.
Mrs. Gray says the woman's scheme
was ingenious. First, she would tempt
ingly display a satchel full of gold, which
she claimed she had won for a customer
in a lottery. She also had a letter pur
porting to be from the manager of the
lottery, intimating that Mme. Curley was
particularly favored in getting winning
tickets. Many women were thus separated
from their dollars, but the scheme that
netted the largest dividends was as fol
lows: lime. Curley would tell her vic
tim that some evil Influence hovered over
the customer, and would ask if she had
any diamonds. Receiving aji afflrmatitve
reply, she would go on to say that the
diamonds were the cause of the evil In
fluence, and would ask for the gems, in
order that she mi-ght work a charm on
them that would dissipate the bad spell.
The dupe would readily hand over the
diamonds, or If she had no diamonds, thru
any other jewelry that she might pos
sess, and that was the last of them.
Two weeks ago Curley notified the land
lady that they were going away. They
got n.ew trunks and new clothing, while
the man shaved off his mustache. They
departed that day while Mrs. Gray was
out, and she says they took a quantity of
her silverware with them. The woman
had her hair combed entirely different
from the way she wore it ordinarily, in
order to change her appearance as much
as possible. Mme. Curley' 8 advertise
ments, however, were continued in the
papers for two or three days, Mrs. Gray
says, for the purpose of leading her dupes
to believe she was still here.
Mrs. Graj says that since the Curleye
went away her house has been besieged
by women who mourn the loss of coin and
lewelry they had intrusted to the me
alum. One woman from Oakland, she
Bald, lost $7f> In money and $4f«> worth of
diamonds; another lost a gold watch, a
pearl ring and nearly a hundred dollars:
still another was out $700 in money, while
all had been fleeced to a greater or less
extent. It was the woman who lost 1700
that went with Mrs. Gray to get the war
rant. The landlady is of the opinion that
the Curleya have gone to Honolulu. They
catne from San Antonio. Texas, here, and
an- well known in many Southwestern
cities. Their real name is Featherman,
<"iir!'-y being an alias. The woman's
father is a photographer in St. Louis. She
Is about 24 years of age and hn,« a beauty
spot on her fain worker 1 in India ink.
M'NAB WANTS TO END
THE WAR IN LUZON
WANTS WELBURN TO SETTLE
THE MATTER.
Judge de Haven Decides That the
United States May Fight the Fil
ipinos a Little Longer
Without Him.
Much has been said concerning the
neatness of the colored troops of the
Twenty-fourth United States Infantry
stationed ;n the Presidio, but none could
; boast of a neater appearance, eleanrr uni
form or brighter brass buttons than ex-
Internal Revenue Collector O. M. Wel
burn when he stood before the bar in
United States District Judge de Haven's
I court yesterday morning.
Qavin McNab appeared for the pris-
J oner.
"We plead not guilty, your Honor." said
i Mr. McNab, "and prior acquittal on each
and every count in the present indict
ment."
Then he asked for a speedy trial and
added, "If he is acquitted he wishes to
rejoin his regiment and go to the Philip
pines, if permitted."
Notwithstanding the double "if" In his
statement. Mr. McNab put on an expres
sion of ferocity which. If it could be seen
. in the Philippines, would put an end to
the rebellion at once.
United Slates Attorney Coombs did not
; appear so eager to go to war as did the
; chieftain of the Clan McN.'ih. He wanted
! to wait until the papers in the case came
back. He was not familiar with the case
: and wished to familiarize himself with
| the record before entering upon the" trial.
Judge de Haven evidently thought it
; would not hurt the United States if the
I war in the Philippines were continued for
a month longer, for he set the trial for
i June 15.
FOSTER RELEASED.
j Owing to a Faulty Complaint He
Secures His Liberty.
Fred Foster, charged with having oh
tainnd money under false pretenses hy his
fadng partner, A. Howard, was releasfd
yesterday by Judpe J,awlor on a writ of
habeas corpus. The prisoner was dis
, charged :m<i his bonds pxonorated.
The court held that the writ for the re
i lease of the prisoner Bhouid be granted
on the ground that the complaint did not
State sufficient facts upon which to hold
the accused and also that there was a
lack of probable cause.
Poster, with Howard, owned a string of
race hrtrses, including Yellow Tall and
other valuable animals, and a short time
ago h,' removed the animals from the
I State. }{>> was arrested, and instead of
| being cj,iarp-H(] with embezzlement for 11
--! legally removing the animals from the
1 Oakland track, was brought to this city
j and charged with having obtained money
under false pretenses out of certain
! transactions surrounding the purchase
| and keeping of the animals. There was
j a misjoinder of act and Intent, and as
the complaint was faultily drawn. Judge
Lawlor had no option but to release the
prisoner on habeas corpus.
IN REVENGE SHE
THREW VITRIOL
ON HOTOP
A Betrayed Woman's
Crazy Act.
HE HAD MARRIED ANOTHER
SHE SOUGHT TO MAR HIS FEA-
TURES FOREVER.
Maggie Magee Emptied a Glassful of
the Deadly Fluid Over Fred
Hotop in a Hyd#-
Street Car.
Thorp was nlmost a tragedy in a Hyde
ptreet car yesterday morning. It was an
attempt at disfiguring a man by vitriol
throwing. The woman in the case is now
in the Harbor Hospital and the man has
several burns on his l;ands and neck; the
MAOGTE MAGEE, betrayed and
(!• serted, tried to throw a glass
ful of vitriol over Fred Hotop
in a Hyde-Street car yesterday.
Miss Miigic asserts that she is the
mother of Ho top' a 3-year-old child
; c:ir looks us if it had been charred by
fire.
The woman asserts that the man is the
father of her 3-year-old child and that
he lias repeatedly pr tmised to marry her.
! Now. she says, he has married another.
Her name is Maggie Magee and she sup
ports her child by going OUt to service.
Her victim is Fred Hotop, a conductor
on the Hyde-street cars, and the alleged
father of Miss Magee' s child. He had
his woundfl dressed :l t a drug store on the
corner of Hyde and California streets,
while Miss Magee was put on a car and
! hurried to the California-street police sta
| Uon. There her face was found to be
i burned with the vitriol and she was sent j
to the Harbor Hospital. Her wounds
were dressed by Dr. yon der Leith. but it
will lie several days before she Is able to
be about again.
Miss Magce willingly told the story of
her betrayal. She is a prepossessing
woman and her hands show she is a hard
worker.
"I was employed by a family who lived
on California Btreel when I iirst met Fred
Hotop," she said. "One night when i
was out with him I overstayed my leave
and went to a friend's house. My friend j
came to the door and when she saw Fred j
and me she said half-past 11 was no hour
i for a respectable girl to be out and she
refused me admittance. Hotop then
found lodgings for us downtown.
"He repeatedly promised me marriage
and when my child was born he went i
with me to the house on Natoma street
where the little fellow Is now living and
introduced me as his wife.
"For a year I continued to keep com
pany witli Fred and continually impor
tuned him to marry me. Finally he left
me and I attempted to kill myself. He
had me taken to the City Receiving Hos
pital, where he told the doctor and the at
tendants that I was his wife. When I was
able to be moved he took me away and
I cared for me a few days. Then he left j
me entirely and I didn't see him for two j
years. Last Friday he wrote to me say-
Ing all kinds of nice things and asked me I
ADVERTISEMENTS
®>®4® ♦ ®4® 4- ®4@XS>- ®4®4® >®4<s>f® >-®> ®>$ -f ®>®-f®-f®4®-f®-f®4{?
! MAKES MEN! !
I , , — I
t Electricity Restores Health and Power to Weak Men Because It |
I gZ\. WARMS THE BLOOD ! k
1 v GIVES SNA L AND VIM! I
«> Wy^rS%^ *Zf Ma l' It 4 s tne great man builder. Dr. ®
* '\rlW >-. ■•» V t sl«T ! i^ Mclaughlin's Electric Belt pours +■
£. y^Jt W /V« A ' £ Trva^Vfffl^ , Klectric life into the nerves' and (J)
i- • • ■■■ /B^«— • — --*>~^ A; 1 .- / -iy ?*■ vifl ** vital parts while tht; patient -f
* BBTr^is^^^^^ '^'j^ w : "<rT°lnH Pleeps. Its effect is magical. It •)
2 «?i>[^«"slr r ' 'SS,-*^ V-.>T i J^rlill quickly gives am 'them and In +
X TS&' >L' XJ*TKIP^^V^J f J t illii' nerves, developing in them and in a)
® 'WM^a^t^^^^^fflF^ the blood a grand force of life. '^
X T6 «Vv' "Tv^T-^-^ •--. "irirr^rr: - . '. i l *^ It will cure all those ailments of X
® . x^JiWi^WllJPW\^ l 'vS men. It makes life worth living. V
* : '< ' " ///"i'v \ " v If you have drugged and failed A
® /■ ; f 1 to get relief you should try this y
4- /! famous Belt. It supplies new life, 4-
fa and that Is what you want. Call or send for my book about it. Closely ®
V sealed, free. 4.
f dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, sewd FOn MY BOOK . %
.^_vi/n. . iv. a. luisixfiuunijiiN, se/vd for ' Mr. .book,-. >■
® 702 Market St.. cot Kearny. S. F. " THftEE CLASSES OF MBit." ?
X And Cor. Spring and Second Sts.. Loa Angeles. _„ __ — _ '^
® Office Hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m. : Sundays, IT IS MAILED FREE, ®
4- 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. " 4-
®> ■'•■>: '■ •" ■ : ■ '. --.'. - ®
L ®4<5)4® 4- ®4Ks>f® 4- ®4^S) 4- ®4® 4® 4- ®4®4® 4- ®4®4® 4-®4®4® 4- ®4® 4- ®4-®4«
to meet him. I went and he promised to
make everything all right. Sunday I went
to see my child and the woman who takes
care of him showed me in The Call where
Fred Hotop had secured, a license to
marry Matilda Leonhardt of 221 Eddy
street.
"When I Paw that I almost went crazy
and started for tlih City Hall to have
Fred arrested. About two years ago 1 ,
i Bwore to a warrant for his arrest on a |
: charge of seduction, but he got away and
| I thought I would put the officers on his
! track. Then I changed my mind and de
termined to make aim so ugly that the
woman who calls herself his wife would
loathe him. I secured the vitriol and hid
it under my cape. I got on the car and
j after we had ridden a few blocks Fred
came for my fare. I then asked him if it
was true that ho was married and he said
yes. Then I took the glass of vitriol from
under my cape ami attempted to throw it j
on him. He warded it off with his hand
and only a portion of it struck his neck.
' He rubbed it off with his hand and then
j put his hand on my face: that is how I
: come to be burned.
"Now the whole thing is out and I hope
Fred Hotop will be made to suffer. He
; has made, my life a hell upon earth for
three years and now he must go and
marry an innocent woman. He has never
i denied being the father of my child and 1
! have a dozen witnesses to prove that he
, has acknowledged the paternity. Now I
! will make him pay for its support."
j Hotop called upon Acting Police Judge
I Groezinger yesterday afternoon and swore
to a complaint charging the woman with !
a felony in throwing vitriol in his face. I
I Both of his cheeks, his right ear and neck j
and left hand are burned severely.
Hotop's version of the affair is that the |
■ woman boarded his car at California and ;
I Hyde streets and took a seat on the roar i
1 dummy, where he stood. After grating i
I each other, .she said: "So you hav<> got (
] married?" and Hotop replied in the af
firmative. She continued to talk to him,
off and on, until the car, which was going
to the beach, reached Greenwich street.
She was carrying a cloak under her arm.
i but he did "Ot suspect any evil design on
1 her part. Just as the car was passing
i Greenwich street she lifted the cloak off
i her arm, and he noticed that she held a
I jelly glass with a tin top in her hand.
I She raised her arm, and, intuitiveiy di-
and when she hoard last Sunday that
he had married another she 'deter
mine! to spoil his gon<] looks. Mips
Ma gee is under arrest oh a charge of
"attempting to do serious bodily
harm," and Hotop is also under ar
rest charged with seduction.
vining. her purpose, he grasped her arm
and the acid struck the top of the car' !
but a portion struck him on the face and
neck. Some of it also went int.. her face
he top of the ear looked as if it had
passed through a fire.
"She rode on the car" said He. top "till
it reached the end of. the track and came
back on it to Grant avenue. I thought
she would got off, hut when she made no
motion, to do so I asked her what she
Intended doing, and she said she was go- i
ing to tide on the car with mo, and she
tendered me a nickel. When the car
ached California and Hyde streets I was
relieved, and went Into a drugstore on the
corner and had my face attended to. The
pain was severe, but I was determined not
to leave the car. She followed me into
the drugstore, and in a minute or two a
policeman came in and I told him what
had happened and asked him to arrest
her. He did so, and under the officer's
advice I came here to swear out the war
rant.
"I have known the woman for some
years, but I had not seen her for three
years till about two weeks ago, when [ac
cidentally ran against her. She wanted
me to make a date with her, and I put
her off. Then she wrote me a letter and
1 replied that 1 would see her some night
and explain matters to her. I was mar
ried two weeks ago to a sister of Charley
Leonhardt of Leonhardt & Haggerty of
the Pabst Cafe, and that is what I wanted
to explain to her. The woman had a child
about three years ago and blamed me for
being the father of the child, but her
charge is not true."
As soon as Hotop had sworn to the com
plaint he was arrested by Policeman Ran
klne on a warrant sworn out September
25. 18%, by the woman for betrayal under
promise of marriage. For some reason or
other the warrant had not been served. It
was sworn out in Judge Conlan's court.
■ ♦ ■
Lectured on African Nations.
George K. French, a Fellow of the
Geographical Society of Kngland, lec
tured in the hnll of Academy of Sciences
last night before a large audience. His
theme was th<> nations and races of West
Africa, topics upon which he is an au
thority.
BEFORE DURING AFTER
Spring Fever, Malaria, Wasting Diseases
USE
ft FAMOUS IV j N
1▼ H rSi M % .-I '
""Sj^Tj MARIANI^WIN£,.TONIC
•3|££J Braces body and brain and soothes, strength-
ens and sustains the system. YIN MARI-
ANI has been endorsed . by the medical profession and
press since 1863 on both continents. Write to MAR lAN I
& CO., $2 W. 15-th St., New York, for book of endorse-
ments, portraits, etc., free.
.
Sold by Druggists Everywhere. Avoid Sabstitn'es. Beware of Imitations.
That Beer /«Bsjr»iEB|
1 111! oli • 9 •
HAPPENS WITH THE
BEST OF PEOPLE.
(9 $Sla&u MSTW IW
BfflM always fills the want. A
Juggl few words might explain
gPlSfrfeß^ cellence—a
&£zZ^^j£jsff BOOKLET ABOUT
-XAILED FREE..
LatestVktop>- Diploma and Medal at
International exposition, 1898.
Val.BlatzßrewingCo.
MILWAUKEE, WIS., U. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
WHOLESALE DEALERS,
416 to 418 Sacramento Street.
<>o<B>o<$ > o<s-os>o'e > o'sos>o<S-03>0<S>0<£0^0«'
*¥ICHY IS HEALTHFUL ! I
♦ CjM A Natural Mineral Water %
O KB with medicinal qualities* O
0 lWt or Indigestion and °
0 ' 4^^^l- ■ Stomach Disorders, o
I Mg&k So-called vichy |
% jaBHK IN SIPHONS %
1 '15l- « IHCHYI
<•* §?s^wj| riet the Genuine %
sSffll YIMI ■
♦ o
o savßPippwMni
'** O
A. VIGNIER, Distributing Agent
4>o<*o^o<s'o'«>o^>o^o<«>o's>o<a>o<S>o«'o<fcO#
Strong Drink is Death
' OR. CHARCOTS TONIC tablets
1 are the only pO6ittvely guaranteed remedy for the
j Drink Habit, Nervousness and Melancholy caused
I • by strong drink.
WK «CARAWTEK FOUR BOXES
! to cure any case with a positive written jnar-
Hnio.> or refund the money, and to destroy tiia
appetite for intoxicating liquors.
HiE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
CTBriUf* rtDIUI/ causes Misery, Poverty
OlnUnb UnlßNand Death. Upon receipt
»f 810.00 rvo nil: mall you four [4] boxes and post-
We wrKiMi BTimr»nte«« to euro or refund
• r.-.-v- mm Sine lr< •>----♦•' 00.
'' GEORGE) DAHLBENDER & CO., Sol* Agf^
tli Ketrny St.. San Francisco.
' At Auction!
THIS DAY
TUESDAY MAY 16, 1899
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market St.
TRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
North ride (2002) Washington st. , 33.6 ft.
went of Fiilmore, 25:6x102; elegant house of 10
rooms and bath; sunny side of street, near
Alta Plaza.
MARKET STREET PROPERTY.
. Northwest side of Market St., 26S:4>£ ft.
northeast of Castro, 25x120; one of the few va-
cant properties on the main thoroughfare; this
property always retain" its value.
'•PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
South side (2517) Union St., 213:10 ft. west of
Baker st., 27x150; two-story bay-window house
of S rooms and bath; well built; fine marine
view.
MISSION COTTAGE.
. South side (3325) Twenty-first Ft.. 137:6 ft.
west of Valencia," 2.1x114; a cozy cottage of 6
rooms, bath and high basement; good condi-
tion.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southwest side (60-62) ZV>e Ft.. 120 ft. south-
east of r Welch, 20x60; two flats of 6 and i
rooms and bath; plastered basement; rents $29
per month.
TWENTY-NINTH STREET RESIDENCE.
North side (12S-30) Twenty-ninth St., 175:6 ft.
east of Dolores, 54:2x114; two-story house of 11
rooms, arranged for three tenements; always
rented at $35.
MISSION PROPERTY— FRONT- i
AGE.
North side Dorland, St., 110 ft. east of Do-
lore*, through to railway, 135x115; a good loca-
tion for teamster, dairyman or laundry; oppo-
site Mission Hleh School.
MISSION CORNER.
Northeast corner San Bruno aye. and Twen-
ty-fifth St.. 25x100: large store with 3 rooms In
rear and flat nhove; stable.
SHIPLEY STREET INVESTMENT.
Northwest side (254-58) Shipley st., 350 ft.
northeast of Sixth. 25x75; four nice flats of 3
rooms each: rents $35; In Al condition.
, RICHMOND BUILDING LOT.
"West side Second aye.. 150 ft. south of Point
Lobos aye., 25x120; good lot; ready for building.
" ' EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
Auctioneers, €33 Market Street, j
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LOOK TO IT
LAST 6 NIGHTS AND MATINEE SAT.
WHICH i I |\|
?y vrU
C ISIT - and " 99
FROH MAN'S I IN H _
FROHMAN'S \§ I ■ m
MOST *
amusing LAST TIME
farce SUNDAY....
Next Monday— Shannon Company la
"THE MOTH AND THE FLAMES."
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
CROWDED NIGHTLY.
THIS EVENING,
The Famous
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
"H.M.S."~PINAFORE"
AND
"CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA."
2— DISTINCT CASTS— 2
Calls, recalls and encores demanded by th«
enthusiastic audience last night. Singers and
orchestra accorded a perfect ovation.
PRICES:
Reserved Seats 25e and M>c
Gallery 15c
Branch ticket Office at Pacific Graphophone
Parlors. 724 Market St., opp. Call Building.
ALCAZAR 1™
IT'S UP TO YOU
FOR A HEARTY LAUGH.
LAST WEEK OF
Clay M. Greene's Farce Comedy.
HIS
JAPANESE WIFE!
! PRICES Isc. 25c, 35c, 59c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
Next Week- MIZZOURA.'*
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
| Mrs. Ernestine Krellng Proprietor and Mgr.
AN IMMEDIATE HIT!
SUPERB PRODUCTION OF
Offenbach's spectacular work,
"ORPHEUS
...AND...
EURYDICE
"WHEN 1 WAS MONARCH IN ARCADIA!"
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
-NEXT
"the MA-isro.A.:R,i3sr.»
De Koven and Smith's new opera.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 800
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
"A BOX OFJONKEYS,"
AN ENTERTAINMENT
To be given at the
ALHAMBRA THEATER
ON
TUESDAY EVENING • - ■ • May I*.
At 8 o'clock.
Under the auspices of the MASK AND GOWN
CLUB OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CAL-
IFORNIA AND THE U. C. WO-
MAN'S GLEE CLUB.
TICKETS 50c, ADMITTING ONE.
The proceeds to be devoted to educational work
among young boys.
j The /VIOINTROSE TROUPE
(Six in number),
WORLD'S GREATEST ACROBATS.
THE ESCA/VIILLOS,
Marvelous Equilibrists. •
EDNA AUG. Versatile Comedienne.
ZAZELL AND VERNON, LA PETITE LUND,
HUGH STANTON. JAMES RICHMOND
GLENROY. JOHN LE CLAIR.
Last week of the beautiful SISTERS HAW-
- THORNE In "THE WILLOW PATTERN
PLATE."
Reserved Seats. 2'ie: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, f.Oc.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
The Medical Department
Of the
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
Will hold its t
COMMENCEMENT EXERCISES
In conjunction with the
ACADEMIC DEPARTMENTS,
•'.- — At— ; V
BERKELEY.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 17, at 10:15 a. m.
' ~ '■
BUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 3A. M. TO 10:30 P. M. •
ADMISSION. 1 ■■■•: CHILDREN. sc.
; Bathing. Including admission. 25c; Children. 20c.
000000000000000000
%™.f LACE *■"■!' l
ZGRANDmm&s*
1 o SAN PKANCISCOr I?
" Connected by a cover—l passageway. "
®i4ooWoom- — 900 v; h "nth Attached. O
I O All Under One :.i~ni;Kement. O
j 0 NOTE TEM PRICES: O
0 European Plan. fl.<X> j-»r day and upward Q
■ ~ American Plan.JJ»3.fK» per day And upward A
I V Correspondence Solicited. V
I 0 JOES 0. CBKPATRICK. SUntgtr. O
OXSOQOOOOC Q
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Grain market very dull.
r.ran and Middlings advanced.
Hay still In the dumps.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
New Potatoes firm. Onions unchanged.
A car of Eastern Poultry sold,
liuttor and Cheese weak. Eggs steady.
Currants appeared.
Cherries Foiling higher.
Mexican Limes lower.
Dried Fruits unchanged,
Provisions rule firm.
Veal lower. Other Meat* unchanged.
WEATHER REPORT.
flSOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 15—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
rfate, as compared with those of same date
last eeason. and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:  _
Last This Last
Stations— ** Hours. Season. Season.
■r-nrekß 0.00 32. 54 31.
Re" Bluff". , 0.00 IS.SO 20.00
Sacramento 0.00 14. M »»S7
Ban Francisco 0.00 M.W 52
Fresno 0.00 7.03 4.93
Ban Luis Obispo 0.00 16.4« : v .
Los Angeles O.M 4.M -•'">
San Diego 0.00 4.91 4.80
Yuma 0.00 I.M 163
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum. 44; mean, 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen over Utah and the de
pression central there on Monday has moved
eastward out of the limits of observation. The
temperature ha? Jailor about 10 donees ii Salt
Lake City, but will rise to-morrow. Over the
Bacran Valley there has been a rise of
from 9 to 12 degrees but the temperatures are
still from ! to « degrees below the normal.
Snow turning to rain was reported over the
northern portion of Nevada, Rain is falling
along the extreme northern coast. A maximum
wind velocity of thirty miles per hour from the
north Is reported at Eureka.
Forecast maue for the thirty hours ending
mi.lnicht. May X 1889:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; warmer;
lipht, northerly wißiis. W-OS
Nevada— Fair Tuesday; warmer.
Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday. •
Utah- Showers; warmer Tuesday night,
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
warmer in forenoon; north, changing to fresh
west winds. ALEXANDER McADIE.
Forecast Official. .
EASTERN MARKETS.
ST.W YORK BTOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 15.— Opening quotations in
the stock market were a vigorous notice served
on all parties that ample capital was forthcom- |
ing to take up all offTincs which timid hold- j
ers of the 80-called Flower stocks choose to
offer and also to the bears that powerful wea
pons were in hand to resist any onslaught by
them. The different member* of the lower
group were opened up 1 to 3 points above Sat
urday's close, the favorites of the late finan- i
cial dealer. Brooklyn Rapid Transit and Peo
ple's Gas leading the rise. New York Airbrake
in its usual volatile manner made an excep
tional rise of 11 points in the first few minutes.
These aggressive tactics served to dissipate any
uneasiness in the speculative mind remaining
after the violent fluctuation? in Saturday's
market. Early quotations from London also
made it evident that there were large reserves ■
of capital prepared to take advantage of any
further sympathetic declines in the general list
of securities. The buying there be: ore the
opening here was not only for New York ac
count, presumably with the purpose of sup
porting values, but also on orders from Beat
lam!, Germany and Holland, as well as a local
English demand. The high opening here, es
pecially in the Flower stocks, invited a con
siderable volume of offerings, but these were
absorbed without the slightest hesitation, and
in a short time they materially decreased. The
pressure of liquidation being relieved, the vigor
of the efforts at BUDport was somewhat re
lax. J. Prices having failed to break, the bar
gain hunters were deterred from buying, and
the market fell into a quiet state. A brisk
upward movement in Sugar to 154% and a lively ;
demand for the Pacifies and the Grangers
caused a general stiffening again throughout
the list. Hut the smallness of the transaction^
discouraged a continuance of the bull specu
lation and the market fell to a condition of
comparative Inactivity. The movement of
prices became decidedly Irregular, some of the
more obscure specialties fluctuating quite
widely, but in the contrary directions. This
was notably the case among the Iron and steel
stocks. Tennessee Coal, Colorado Fuel and Na
tional Steel referred being notably weak.
American Smelting and the coalers were also
consistently weak. This "tendency and the ap
parent withdrawal of supporting orders Invited
a raid by the bears late in the day. directed
particularly against Metropolitan Street Hall
way, which was raided down 3 points. The
Grangers and Pacifies also suffered In the de
cline, except Central and Southern Pacific,
which were consistently strong. Metropolitan
Street Railway rallied very strongly I points,
the local traction shares responding in sym
pathy. The bear traders covered, making the
closing firm. The conspicuous changes were in
the Flower stocks, which all closed higher,
though below the highest of the day. Other
wise changes in the prominent stocks were not
lartse. Net gains predominated.
In the bond market there were some very
heavy taking of Baltimore and Ohio fours
when issued. Dealings elsewhere w,ere mod
erate and changes irregular. Total sales, $4.-
ISO.Of/O.
United States threes advanced '* in the bid
price.
The total sales of stock to-day amounted to
f.92.."0S shares. Including: American Smelting
3200, American Bteel and Wire 22,200. American
Supjar 3H.600, American Tobacco 6T>on. Anacondas
43.10. Atchison 2JCO. Atchison preferred 39.'.i00,
Baltimore an.l Ohio 7:>n<). Brooklyn Rapid Tran
sit 127.7 M, Central Pacific 7400, Burlington
■rights 8600, Chicago Consolidated Traction 3200,
Chicago Ter. Tr. preferred 4100, Continental
Tobacco 9700, Federal Steel 8.600, Federal Steel
preferred 11,400, International Paper 3100, Louls
ville and Nashville :200, Mannattan 1500, Met
ropolitan Street Railway M"0. Missouri Pacific
4000, National Stet! 1400, New York Central 4800,
New Jersey Central rights 6700, North American
Company 4<V.fl, Northern Pacific 12,100, Northern
Pacific preferred 41<>0. Ontario .and Western
4100, Pennsylvania 3200, People's Gas 27 W0
Reading first preferred :.»00, Rock Island 8500,
St. Pa L'^.SijO, Southern Pacific C6OO, Southern
Railway 6200, Southern Railway preferred 5000.
Tennessee O>.!l and Iron 7300. Union J'h mc
910". Union Pacific preferred 8500, United States
Rubber 8500.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison \i\ St Louis & S W... 13
Do prefd r.O'a Do .... ;.,-
Baltimore & Ohio. 65% St Paul 122^.
Canada Pacific... 'jV., Do ; ,., i ..].!'..".!16y'
Canada Southern.": U St P& Om 93*4
Central Pacific 4v^ Do prefd .• 170' ,
'■lies & Ohio 25 So Pacific. '.'. ">')'.',
Chi & Alton li« So Railway lisl
Chi B &- Q 1M ; Do prefd 50%
Chi & E 111 70 ITexas. ft Pacific... 19% ■
Do pr»fd 122 Union Pacific... 42Vi
Chi G W 14%! Do prefd. 75
Chi nd & L 9 'Wabash 7%
Do prefd 37 I Do prefd . 21
Chi & N W 152 W & L E, new... 10
D o prefd 191 Do 2d prefd 29
C C C & St L 54 Express Companies—
Do prefd 93 Adams Ex 110
Del & Hudson 116 (American Ex 140
Del L & W 164% United State 47%
Den & Rio i>.... ::% Wells Fargo 125
Do prefd 76% Miscellaneous —
Erie (new) 12% A Cot Oil 35
Do Ist prefd 33' i Do prefd 90
Ft Wayne iM Am Spirits 11%
Gt Nor prefd l!>0 , Do prefd 32 !
Hocking Val 10 Am Tobacco 100' i
Illinois Centra 1... .113% Do prefd ill
Lake Erie & W.... 16%' Cons Gas 183%
Do prefd 67 jizom Cable Com 179
Lake Shore 198 j^ol F & Iron 44
Louis & Nash 64% Do prefd 103
Manhattan L 109 Gen Electric 115%
Met St Ry 225% Haw Com Co . ... 122%
Michigan Central. .ll3 Brooklyn ii T vu%
Minn & St L 56% Intl Paper 45 i
Do Ist prefd 100% Do prefd 79 I
Mo Pacific 43% i Lac!ede Gas 53
Mobile & Ohio 40 i,.ad :;iii
Mo X & T 12 j Do prefd Uzvi
Do prefd 33". Nat Lin Oil 4
N J Central 110 Pacific Mall So
N T Central 131% People's Gas 114%
NYC* St L 12% Pullman Pal 1:7 : -
Do ls>t prefd 65 3Uver Certificates. Cl%
Do 2d prefd 31 * -Standard R & T... 8%
Mot West 19% Sugar 151
No Amer Co 11 Do prefd 1111 1
No Pacific 49 r C & Iron 55%
Do prefd 76% v S Leather 6
Ontario & W 24',i| Do prefd 6'JVi
Or K& N prefd... 67 U S Rubber 47
Pac C Ist prefd.... S3 i Do prefd 113
Do 2d prefd M Western Union »1?»
Pittsburgh I*4 Pao -ast 3S
Reading 19% Nor & W prefd.... 69%
Do Ist prefd MVi Colo Southern 5*
R G w 84 j Do Ist prefd 45
Dp prefd 76%J Do I'd pr»fd is
Rock Island 110% Am S & W Co €1%
St Louis & B F... 11% Do prefd I"".:.
Do prefd 68% Federal Steel 56%
Do 2d prefd 36% Do preM 7S
CLOSING BONDS.
D 8 2s re* 39% M X & T 2ds 65%
.Do 2? 108% Do 4s 14%
Do coup LW% N V Cent lsts 1i:,.,
U B new 4s reg 129% N .1 Cent gen is... 120
Do coup .120% North Carolina Cs .187
V B old 4s reg 112% Do 4s 104%
Do coup 113% JT I' Ist! 120
US 5s reg 113% Do 3s 48%
Do coup 112*4 Do 4s 104
District 3.65s 117% N V C & S L 45. .106%
Ala class A 110 Nor & W con 45... 94%
Do B 110 • Do gen 6s I.U
Do C 100 Or Nay lsts ill
Do Currency 100 Do 4s 103
Atch gen 4s 101% O S Line 6s 131%
Do adjt 4s 81% Do con 5s .111%
Canada So 2dn ....111 Reading Gen 45.... 87%
C & O 4%s 941.4 R G\W lsts 100
C & O 5b ll c % S LTt-JI M Con a 5 ..110
C & N Con 7? 148% BL&8F Gen 65. 124
Do deb 5s 121 ; * fit P Coo 198
Chicago Terra <a...101 St PC & P 1et5....123H
I' &R G lsts 105% ! Do us 123%
Do 4s 102% So Ry 5s 110%j
E T Va & Ga 15t?. 105 Standard R & T 63 87
Erie Gen 4s 70-74 Term new set 35... U7%
Ft \V &D C Ists.. *6 Tex & Pac Ists. . ..Hi'- j
Gen Electric 6s IIS I Do 2ds f>4%
GH&S A6s 114 DP 4s 106%
Do 2ds 111V4 Wabash lsts 115
H & T C Es 113 Do -Ms 9914
Do con 6s 112% West Shore 4s 114
lowa Cent Ists 114 Wis Cent lstß .... 7014
X C I' ft <; lsts.. 66 |Va Centuries 83%
La new con 4s 110% Do deferred .... 6
L &. N Unl 4?.... 99 Colo Bo 4s 85% j
MIXING STOCKS. '
Chollar 30 Ontario 7 00 I
Crown Point 17 Ophir 1 -"■
Con CaJ & Va 1 55, Plymouth 10 |
Dead wood 50 Quicksilver 2 2.">
Gould & Curry 30 Do prefd 750
Hale & Norcross.. 20 Sierra Nevada — 90
Homestake 56 00 Standard 2 70
Iron Silver 5S Union Con *4 1
Mexican 50 Yellow Jacket SS
BOSTON STOCKS AND BOND&
Money— West End 92
Call loans 3%@4% West End prefd ..117%
Time loans 3%54 Westingh Elec 49
Stocks — Do prefd *>'■" 2
A T & St Fe 18% Wls Cent 1
Do prefd tl% Bonds —
Amer Sugar 161 Atch 4s 100%
Do prefd 116% Wls Cent Is 70
Bell Tel .-..34S I Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany.. Adventure 11
Boston El 106 Allouez Mm — 9%
■ Boston & Maine... Atlantic 32
Chi Bur & Q 129T4 Boston & Mont — 350
!M Elec 198 ißutte & Boston S9
Fitchburg prefd ..116 Calumet & Hecla..S3o
I Gen Electric 115% Centennial 36%
Fed Steel 56% Franklin 22
Do prefd 7S Humboldt I*4
! Mcx Cent 13% Osceola P0
Mich Tel 9S Parrott 62
Old Colony ... 209% Qulncy 161
I Old Dominion 41% Santa Fe Copper.. 13%
Rubber 41 Tamarack 220
Union Pac 47 7 * Winona 14%
! Union Land 8 'Wolverine 44 «
THE LONDON MARKET.
LONDON. May 15.— The break in Wall street |
! Saturday, together with a lack of support here, |
, tended at first to check American securities, !
but the market quickly recovered and became
fairly strong on better advices from New York.
The "final tone was firm. Spanish 4s, 62%; gold
at Buenos Ayres. 116.
NEW YORK. May 15.— The Commercial Ad-!
vertiser's London financial cablegram* says: j
! The markets here were fairly brisk and tirrn ,
to-day. Americans opened strong, -.veil above
parity aDd the professionals talked quite op
timistically about them. New York refrained
from buying, but kept steady near the top to j
the close. Nevertheless, the best houses here ]
d" not feel reassured by the reported com
bination of bankers and insurance people to
support the market. London still buys Can
adian Parities. »
Coppers were hard, Anacondas. 12 3-16; Tin
toe, 49%. ''■Silver closed at 28 3-16 don small
Indian buying.
CLOSING.
LONDON, May Canadian Pacific, 101%;
Northern Pacific preferred. 7 *; Union Pacific
preferred. 77»i; Atchlson, IS!*; Anacondas, 12%:
Grand Trunk. 7T»; bar silver, steady, 28% d per
ounce; money, lit®!*? per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, May 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19,43 barrels; exports, 15.225. Inactive but
steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 197,000 bushels; exports,
62.859. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 83 Vie spot f. o.
b. afloat and 7r>c elevator. Options steady on
cables. There was a subsequent sharp rise on
bad crop news from the Southwest, supple
mented by a liberal visible supply decrease and
St. Louis buying. Local shorts covered (freely
and the close was firm at %@2%c net advance.
May, 76%@77%c, closed 77% c; July. 74%©
75 H-16c. closed 75*81'; September, 73%@74SigC,
closed 74V4c; December, 74 9-164f75c, closed Too.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— departments of the market ex
hibited more or less inherent strength to-day.
Tin and iron showed pronounced firmness, but
ruled generally quiet. News from all quarters
was of a favorable average. At the close the
Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants quiet but firm at $11 50
nominal. " . •■•
LAKE COPPER— Quiet at $19.
TlN— Firmer but quiet, with $25 75 bid and
$2."« 85 asked.
LEAD— with $4 45 bid and $4 50 asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 25 and for cop
per $19.
SPELTER— Steady, with $6 73 bid and $7
asked. •_■■. . •■
COFFEE— Options closed dull, unchanged to
r. points lower. Sales, 4750 bags. Including:
June. $5 05; October, $5 45: December, $5 6.<;
February, $ > 75; March, $5 SO. Spot coffee—
Rio, dull and nominal; mild. dull.
SUGAR — Raw, steady: refined, steady to firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 10.855 packages. Firm;
Western creamery, 10615 c; factory. 11%@1Sc.
EGGS— Receipts, 15.67S packages. Firm; West
-1 crn, 13%@14c; Southern. 12<f{13c.
DRIED FBOTTB.
NEW YORK, May California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7©B%c;
prime wire tray, B%@9c; choice, 9Vi@9%c; fancy
9%<gloc.
PRUNES— 4«;®oHc
APRICOTS— 13%@14c; Moorpark, 14®
ISc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9%@11%c; peeled, 25@
28c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 15.— The opening strength
in Wall street securities and light damage
claims by Hessian flies in the Middle West
started wheat higher. There was temporary
.ness shortly after the opening owing to
• bearish statistics and a hitch In the settlement
01 the strike at Buffalo, but the offerings were
quickly absorbed and the market ruled strong j
the remainder of the session. Reiterated j
claims from- the .Northwest of decreased acre- i
1 age in North Dakota added to the buying
movement. July opened %@^4c higher at 70%
(fi7GVic, declined to 69% c, advanced to 70^c and
closed at 70% c.
Corn opened firm. influenced by light re
ceipts and a report that the Buffalo strike had
been settled.' The advance was checked by
heavy liquidation. July closed unchanged.
Oats- ruled steady within narrow limits. July
closed a shade higher.
Liberal receipts and lower prices for hogs
started provisions weak. Buying by packers
brought about a recovery, and Improved cash
demand had a strengthening Influence. Pork
and ribs closed a shade lower and lard un
! changed, i |
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
; May 6Svi 69% 65% 69%
July 70% 70% 69; i 70%
September 6<<% 70% 69% 70%
Corn No. 2—
May 32% 32"& 32% 32 ; ; i
July 33% 34% 83% 3:?%
September 34>i 34% 33% 34
Oats No. 2—
i May 26 26' i 26 26
: July 23% 234 2;; : 4 23%,
September 21 21 20% 20 1%
Mess Pork, per barrel— .
July 815 8 42% 835 840
September 855 8 57% 850 556
Lard, per 100 pounds-
July 6 07% 510 r, 03 510
September 5 17% 3 22% 5 17% 5 2"',2
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
July 4 67% 4 72% . 4 67% 4 72%
September 4 82% 485 4 £2% 485
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet and steady. No. 2 spring wheat,
C9ig'7oc; No. 3 spring wheat, 66{|69c; No. 2 red,
72@74c; No. 2 corn, 88% c; No. 2 oats, 2<!%@34c;
No. 2 white, 29%&30 c; No. 3 white, 2SV.< I ,Ac;
No. 2 rye, 60c; No. 2 barley, 35@40c; No. 1 flax
eeed. $106; Northwest, $108; prime timotny
seed, $2 35: mess pork, per barrel, $g 30< 35;
lard, per 100 pounds. $5 02%@5 05; short rib
1 sides. loose. $4 50©4 SO; dry waited shoulders,
boxed, 4 1 ,iQ'4%c; short clear sides, boxed, $1 ! .1
6; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon
$1 26.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 9,000 9,000
Wheat, bushels 31.000 72,000
Corn, bushels 122,000 671.000
Rye, bushels 4.000 6,000
Oats, bushels 307,000 344;O00
Barley, bushels 11,000 1,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, ]3i@l7%c; dair
ies, 10(ijl5e. Eggs, steady: fresh, U%®ll%c.
Cheese, weak; creams, 9<glO%c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— . May. July. Sept.
I Opening .5 8% 6 6% 5 6
Closing 5 B>4 6 6% 5 5^
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 85 20 30
Closing 20 75 20 30
Flour-
Opening 43 30 27 75
Closing 43 25 27 75
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, May There was a lively de
| mand for cattle and prices ruled strong to 10c
higher. Fancy grades brought $5 40Q'5 !j0;
choice steers, $5 15®5 35; mediums, $4 6." '•: ! S5;
beef steers, $4 15@4 GO; stockers and feeders,
$4@5 15; bulls, $2 70@4 15; cows and heifers.
' 13 GO'S* £5; Western fed steers. $4 40@5 25; Texas
steer*. $3 90@4: calves, $4 50@7.
There was a good local and shipping de
i mand for hogs, but the supply exceeded most
; expectations and prices %ere 2%@5c lower. Fair
; to choice. $J82%©3 97%; heavy packers, $3/65©
■S SO; mixed, $3 60Q3 67%: butchers'. $3 70ffyB2U"
--; lights. «3 60(g3 87%; pigs. $3 8588 70. --*^ "
There was an active demand (or sheep and
, lambn. prices ruling fully 5c higher. Colorado
: wooled lambs, $6 6006 70; shorn lambs, $4 76a
; 1 6; clipped sheep, $4 25{f'i 30; yearlings, at the
! top: spring lambs, $7@9 50 per 100 pounds.
Receipts— 17,000; hogs, 36,000; sheep,
17,000.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, May 15.— statement of the
| visible supply of grain In store an afloat, on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 16. 1899.
Saturday. May 13, as compiled by the New
York Produce Kx change, is as follows: Wheat,
26,018,000 bushels, decrease 1.435.000 bushels;
corn 19 180 Wic lmshels, decrease 2,255,00fl bush
.,-_ : 1, bushels, decrease 217,000 bush
el^ 1 ... usbels, decrease Wfl.Of'O bushels;
barley, 1,157,000 bushels, decrease 55.000 bushels.
I
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
at auction to-day, realizing the following
1 CHICAGO, May 15.— Royal Anne, average
J2SS; Advance, average $2 45; Black Tartarian.
tSO, average $2 11 : Governor Wood, $1 Wit 1
I; X -kport. average, $1 25.
NEW YORK, May 16.— Royal Anne, average
! I 3 62V&: Black Tartarian, average I2AS SO; Black
Republican, averaKe. $2 20; Centennial, average
i J170; Cherry Plums, n-lb boxes, average $1 3o;
! Pringle Apricots, 2-ib boxes, average 45c; Rock
port, s!:il2', average $107.
Ft IREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May 15.— Consols. 110%; sliver,
French rentes, 102f BZVac; wheat cargoes
off coast, quiet and steady; cargoes on passage,
rather easier, 3d lower; No. 1 s-tandard Cali
fornia. :i"s; English country markets, generally
6d cheaper: imp r >rts of . wheat into United
Kingdom, 294. mi0: imports of flour into United
Kingdom, 177,000; wheat and flour on passage
to United Kingdom, 3.440, 000; wheat and flour
on passage to Continent, 1,670,000; Indian ship
ments of wheat to United Kingdom. 14.000; In
dian shipments of wheat to Continent. 130.000.
LIVERPOOL, May 15. — WHEAT — Easy;
wheat in Paris, easy; flour in Paris, quiet;
French country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. »%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red winter, easy, 5s
lOd; No. 1 red Northern Duluth, easy, 6s 2d.
Futures, easy; May, 5s SV«d; July, 69 6%d; Sep
tember, 5s 57gd.
COUX — Spot American mixed new, steady. 3s
6d; American mixed old, steady, 3s 6Vsd. Fu
tures, quiet: May, 3s 5%d; July, 3s aVtd; Sep
tember, 3s s&d.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, May 15.— The attendance at the
j wool auction sales to-day was good and the
i number of bales offered was 13,367. Me
rlnoa were well represented and realized fully
; the highest rates of the series, especially
greasy, the bulk of which was taken by for
eign buyers. Scoured was briskly competed
for, the majority going to the home trade.
I The home buyers also purchased cross-bredfl at
I a full advance. The total withdrawals to
: date number 29,000 bales. The general tone
was firm.
THE BUTTER MARKET.
ELGIN, in.. May 15.— BUTTER— Firm. Of
ferings, 223 tubs. Holders refusing bids of IS%C
on all lots. Official price. ISc.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. May 15.— Exchangee, $308 883;
balances, $23,660.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, May 15.— Wheat is very quiet.
There was a flight improvement in the East,
but it met with no response abroad, and as it
is almost impossible to secure tonnage at a
rate that will a Imit of business at Portland
dealers are all holding off. Walla Walla la
easy at 57c, valley at 58Uc and bluestem at 60c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 15.— The week opens with
wheat showing no improvement. Club Is quoted
at f.7e, bluestem 60c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 ss>i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 s7' 2
Sterling Cables — 4 . "
Mew Y.>rk Exchange, sieht — m
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 1214
Mexican Dollars — BO
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61V6
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The markets were dull and fea
tureless all over the world, and this market
was flat.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05<51 06>4; milling,
CALL HOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May— 3ooo ctls, $1 13H).
Regular Morning Session— December— GOuo
ctls. f! 13%; 4000, II 13-:..
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls
SI 13%.
BARLET— Previous prices rule, with a dull
market. There is nothing doing on call.
•1 t'J _ .Jl Hi: Brewing, *1 07V4©1 12*4 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Sest>ion — No sales.
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new — ctls,
S7%c: 6000. 87% C. December— 2ooo, 91% c.
OATS— There is nothing new to report, the
market being very dull. ,
Fancy Feed, $1 f.O per ctl; good to choice,
*1 4501 47%: common. Jl 37%@1 42%: Surprise,
%l 50: Gray. $1 4»"al 45; Milling. $1 45@1 50 per
ctl: Red. *1 40; Black. $1 32%f(il 35.
CORN— The demand continues light at un
changed prices.
Small round Yellow. t\ 2.'@l 40; Eastern,
large Yellow. $1 12%@1 15; White. $1 15@1 17%;
mixed, $1 12% per ctl; California White, nomi
nal.
RYE— SI®I 02% Per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40@3 45 per bbl for extra,
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 30@2 50 for super-
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 Ids; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, 12 50; Rice Flour. $7; Oornmenl, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50&4 75;
Oat Croats. $4 75: Hominy. $3 2i<33 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $404 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 7.'.;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 65@6 95; in sacks. $6 3566 75;
Pearl Barley, i'>: Split Peas, {4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran and Middlings are higher.
Hay shows no change, being still dull and at
the mercy of buyers. A car of choice wheat
was bid In at $12 50. .
Sale on call of 2000 ctls Bran, seller '99, at
$12 62%.
BRAN— sl6@l6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 6 50@18 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $22 50023 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25i5>26 50; job
bing. $27 50; -Cocoanut Cake, $216:22: Cornmeal
$23 50624 50; Cracked Com, 824935; Mixed
Feed, $15!516.
HAY-Wheat, $10*- 11 50 'or good to choice and
$7 50® 'J for lower grades'; Wheat and Oat, Vie
11; Oat, $6-510; Barley, $6@B; Alfalfa, $4@G 50
STRAW— £S©SOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is no further change In quotations
BEANS— $1400160; Small White. $1 90
©.2 10; Large Whites. $1 50@l 60; Pinks, $1 Tog)
180; Reds, $3 BO; Blackeye, $4@4 10; Him.-™
nominal; Limit.-. $4'y4 10; Pea. $2 25(g2 40; Red
Kidneys. $2 »©2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 2»i@3c; Flax, $2<g'2 10; Canary .Seed
2»ic per lb; Alfalfa, B>£®9V<.c; Rape, 34»3>* c '
Hemp. 4@4Uc; Timothy. 4*i^s'-ic. '
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75<§2; Green, $2 100
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 957 boxes Asparagus, 186 boxes
Rhubarb, ESS sacks Peas, 140 boxes and 150
sacks Beans and 543 boxes and 714 sacks new
Potatoes.
New Potatoes In boxes were firm. Old were
unchanged. Onions stood about the same.
Cucumbers appeared from Marysvllle, selling
at S3 per box.
Vegetables stood about as before.
POTATOES— SI 25@1 50 per ctl for Early Rose
»1 401U CO for River Burbanks; Oregon. $1 lfiffi
1 30 for seed and $1 50© 1 SO for larse; New Po
tatoes, T;il-\c per lb In sacks and $1 50@l 85
for Rivers in boxes.
ONIONS— 4OSjSOc for fair and Cotfj;7sc per ctl
for good to choice;/ new, 35@40e per sack for
Red. '.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 50c©$l 25 per box
for No. 2, $1 30)9176 for No. 1 and $2®2 25 for
fancy: Rhubarb, 35@60c per box for common
and 7Gc@isl for good to choice; Green Peas iv
@2c for common and 2'uL" 2 r for Garden; String
Beans from Los Angeles, 4@sc for green and
6£iSc for Golden Wax; String Beans from Vaca
ville, sif?7c for Green and 6@Bc lor Wax; Cab
bage, $1 40; Tomatoes, $1 50<3:2 per box; Egg
Plant, 12% c per lb; Garlic, s© 6c for new; Dried
Okra, 15c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c- Green
Peppers, 10® 15c; Carrots, 25@35c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. 40cJf$l per dozen; Sacra
mento Cucumbers, 40c; Summer Squash, $1@
1 25 per box.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at $6@6 50 for Hens and
$.*■ 50 for old Roosters. Local stock. was nomi
nal, as none of any consequence came In.
POULTRY,— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
51 50@l 75; Goslings, $1 7S®2; Ducks, $5@6 for
i old and %6<ft& for young; Hens,' $455; young
Roosters. JTifrS 50; old Roosters, $42595: Fryers
J6®6 50; Broilers, $4 50<gf, 50 for large. 12 Go@3 50
for small: Pigeon.", $1 75@2 per dozen for old
and $25? 2 25 for Squabs. -
GAME -Hare. Jl; Rabbits, $126 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter and Cheese are weak at the quota
tions, with liberal supplies. Eggs are steady
and unchanged.
BUTTER— - v'> : • •
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 16Vi@17c; sec
onds, 16c.
Dairy— Fancy. 15c; good to choice, " 13@14%c;
Btore. ll@l2c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice m4ld new. 9'*<ffloc: old. 9c;
Young America, lOQllc: Eastern, 14^.® 15c. -
EGGS— Quoted at 15<?16c for store and 17@18o
per dozen lor ranch; Eastern, 16V4@17c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 1123 boxes Cherries and 555
chests Strawberries.
Cherries did better again, and some extra
fine black sold at $1 60 per box. Some miser
able small red, suitable only for pie fruit, sold |
at 2V4c i per lb. In ordinary seasons it would
be left on the tree.
The first Currants came in from San Leandro,
selling at $2 per crate.
All Berries were steady for Monday and ar
rivals cleaned up well.
Apricots still hold back, none being received.
Gooseberries are in light supply and steady.
There is no change In Citrus Fruit.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. $1 50f?2 60 for fair to good and $333 50
for choice to fancy.
BERRIES — Gooseberries, 25c per drawer and
2©'3 c per lb In bulk; Blackberries, $2412 25 perl
crate: Strawberries, $4<ff6 per chest for small !
and J3ig3 CO for large berries; Raspberries, $lisj) I
1 25 per drawer; Newcastle Raspberries, $1 50® I
2 per crate. •
Cherries, 25©50 c for red, KO7Sc for white and
75c@$l 25 per box for black; black, in bulk, 70 |
8c; white, 3@sc per lb.
Apricots, per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 2503 75
per box; Seedlings, $1 25<g>2 25; Mediterranean
Sweets. U 500-2 25; Lemons, $1 25@1 50 for com- i
men and $2@2 50 for good to choice; Mexican i
Limes, $4 50*55; California Limes, 50#75c perl
small box; Grape -Fruit. $1 50®2 50; Bananas,
$1 5092 per bunch; Pineapples, $3@4 per
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50' a. 6@
5%c for 50-60's. 4®4',4c for 60-70's, 3%@3%c for
70-80' s, 2%i@3Vic for 80-90' s 2<^@2^c for 90-100' s
and 2@2V 4 c for 100-110's; Peaches. B%Q'9V4c for i
good to choice, 10@10*4c for fancy and 14®15cfor
peeled: Apricots, 12%@13c for Royals and 14g15c
for Mocrparks; Evaporated Apples, 9@9Hc; sun
dried, out; Black Figs, out; Plums nominal,
IVic for unpltted and 4H<B'6c for pitted; Pears, ,
3?f9c, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4\c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 44(i?6c for Seedless j
Sultana?, SV»c for Seedless Muscatels and 51 20 \
for Lor.don Layers; Dried Grape.". 2% fit 3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb; Walnuts. s@Bo
for hardshell, 10@llc for softshfll; Almonds, 8@
9c for hardshell, 12*rl3c for softshell. 14@16c for I
papershell: Peanuts, 6S7c for Eastern and 4Vi® :
5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50©5.
HONEY— Comb, ICfillc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, ~t l St)
7 1 4 c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, s@6^c
per lb.
BEESWAX— Der lb.
PROVISIONS.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
Hams continue firm.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, Sc per lb for heavy.
SVi@9c for light medium, 10H@llc for light, 12c
fcr extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Suear-cured Hams, HiSll^c; California
Hams, li-KglO^c; Mess Beef, 113 per bbl ; extra
Mess Beef, $14: Family Beef, $15@15 50; extra
prime Pork, $12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
— Tierces quoted at 6%@5%c per lb for
compound and 7V4@7^ic for pure: half barrels,
pure, 8c: 10-lb tins, B^4c; 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%(56%c; packages. ;
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls. 60 in a case. 9^4c;
3-lb palls. 20 in a case. B%c; 5-lb pails. 12 in a
case, B>^c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, B%c: 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, ~%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, BHc; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c: half
barrels, about 110 lbs,7>ic.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c: medium. 9@9%c: light, B^c; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags. 6@6%c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, la<&\mc; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 105? each; short
Wool. 35©60 c each: medium, 70@90c; long Wool.
Wc*i}l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 25 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— 1 rendered, 4<g4%c per lb;
No 2. 3Vi"?T3&c: refined, ; grease, 3c.
- WOOL— Spring Clips— San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months, 7®9c: year's staple, 6@Bc;
Foothill and Northern free. 10@12c; Foothill
and Northern defective, S@loc: Nevada, 9ij#l2c;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, ll@l2c.
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain » 7 (3>Bc
Southern sV4'ff
Plains 5 <g.60
HOPS— IB9B crop, 10<glle per lb for ordinary,
12@12V4c for good and 13@15c for choice to
tancy from first hands.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The only chancre in quotations Is a decline
In Veal. Hogs are as firm as ever, and in
small supply.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7Vi@B>4c per lb for Steers and «@6>£c
for Cows. '-'.;■ j/\
vV. A T 9^ic per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. ."'f?7 l Ewes. 7c per lb.
LAMB— Sprinp. 8V a @9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, sVi@r,%c for small, 5%@
fie for medium and 5@5%C for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, 4%@5c; dressed Hogs, 7
@mc
T3ENERAL, MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Baps, 5%c for June
and July; Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San Quentin
Bass, $4 95.
COAL-Wellington, $<! per ton; New Welling
ton. $3; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle. $6;
Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. JS 50 in bulk and 13 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14,
Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100- Ib bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6*ic;
Powdered. 5*ic; Candy ■ Granulated. 5 : V; Dry
Granulated, bV*c; Confectioners' A. 5%c; Cali
fornia A, ."<■: Magnolia A. 4 ,c: Extra C, 4>ic;
G'Mden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels.
Uc more; boxes, %c more; 50-lb bags, >»c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, May 15. :■.'.-!-;■;
Flour qr sks 11.463, Wool, bags 841
Wheat ctls 980 Straw, tons 12 I
Barley, ctls 1.518 Hay. tons 603 1
Corn, East, ctls 600 Sugar, hi. is 125
Corn ctls 25 Sugar, sks 3,300
Tallow, ctls 23S Lime, bbls 1S2 i
Butter, ctls 202 Quicksilver, llks. 193
Cheese, ctls 56 Middlings, sks .. - 540
Pelts, bdls CIO Bran, sks 1,31.3
Wine, gals 83,0W> Onions, sks 335
I Leather, rolls ... 52 Potatoes, sks ... l,2 >0
Hides, No 3'1 Beans, sks 13
Eggs, dor IS. 570 ■..,;•!;
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .... 1". Lfl Wheat, ctls 1,044
Oats ctls 1,021 Potatoes, ska 1,327
■ Bran, sks »0" Onions, sks 30
1 Wool", bale? 1-
THE STOCK MARKET.
There were few changes in securities on the
morning session. Contra Costa Water declined
to $71 62 T = . Oceanic advanced to $92 75 and Los
Angeles R Ulway r,s to $107 62>/2.
On the afternoon call Contra Costa Water de
clined to $70 and Giant Powder to $77 75.
Mmmx stocks wore rather lower than on
Saturday. The telegram from the pump said:
"Second elevator has been running: since 10
a. m. yesterday, since then lowering tha^water
49 feet. At 6:30 this morninc the water was
164 feet below the 1750-foot level and 190 feet
below the Sutro tunnel drain boxes." A later
telegram said: "The second elevator Is work
ing steadily. The water was down 167 feet be
low the 1750-foot level and 193 feet below the
Sutro drain boxes at 10:30 this morning. When
the first elevator is uncovered we will hold the
water at about that point."
The Marguerite Gold Mining and Milling
Company of Placer County has levied an as
sessment of 10 cents per share, delinquent
June 12.
The Badger Hill and Cherokee Gravel Mining
Company of Nevada County has levied an
assessment of $3 per share, delinquent June 7.
The Gwin mine has declared its fifth divi
dend amounting to $5000. and making a total
in elate of $61,500. The stockholders have elected
the following directors and officers for the en
suing year: F. F. Thomas, president; C. S.
Benedict, vice president; J. J. Crawford, sec
retary; directors, E. C. Voorheis, I". Jl. Bel
uhaw David McClure Jr. and Dion C. Hyland.
At the Osblston shalt of the Best & Uelcher
and Gould & Curry mines they have been re
pairing the hoisting engine and building brick
work for the boilers. Sulro tunnel level— The
water has fallen in the shaft 3 feet 7 inches
the past week; tptal depth below the station,
76 feet 1 Inch.
In the Sierra Nevada mine on the 140-foot
level the north lateral drift was advanced 6
feet; total length, 257 feet; face in quartz show
ing clay strips through it. Started a west
crosscut In the north lateral drift at a point 231
feet north from the switch and advanced the
same 10 feet; face In porphyry and quartz. 900
--foot level — The north drift started from the
west end of west crosscut 2 has been advanced
10 feet: total length, 50 feet; face in poryphyry.
In the Consolidated California and Virginia
mine during the past week on the 1400-foot level
the west drift was extended 15 feet; total
lencth. 520 feet. The face is In harder and
dry hanging wall rock. For three shifts no
work has been done in this drift, as the men
were taken to repair a cave in the Sutro tun
nel. 1650-foot level— Repairs to airway above
this level have been completed. On this level
there are several drifts that will have to be
kept open, as they lead to winzes and raises
that are used for airways. These drifts and
connections require extensive repairs. 1750-foot
level— The south drift from the west crosscut
p*.«sing the winze has been clearpd out and re
paired for 92 feet. This Is the drift referred to
in last week's report as leading to the winze
from which the 1800-foot level was first opened.
Work has been continued from the winze sta
tion. The water in this winze has fallen during
the week 12 inches. The work of repairing the
waste chutes from the 1650-foot level to the
Sutro tunnel level has been continued.
In the Ophir mine, in the old Central tunnel
ground, the second crosscut from the north
east drift has been extended 3 feet; total
length. 52 feet. At this point the crosscut was
stopped, leaving the face in hard footwall rock.
Before reaching the hard footwall the cross
cut passed through a clay seam dipping east.
On the east side of the clay there is an B
inch seam of quartz carrying Iron sulphides of
an assay value of less than $1 per ton. The
northeast drift has been advanced 9 feet: total
length, 2.-,6 feet. The drift is being turned tv
the north, the face now being In the han^-iiiß
wall (a mixture of clay and porphyry), and will
continue turning to a northerly course until it
enters the vein, and then will be run north in
the vein. The Sutro tunnel connection was ex
tended I feet; total length, 123 feet: face is in
banging wall rock showing irregular day
seams and the rock breaking better. Work
iias been continued on th<' quartz stringers, the
\vinz.> extenOf-d ;. feet (total depth 13 ftet), and
a southwest drift started and advanced 3 feet.
The quartz continues in the winze, showing
n. vein of 12 inches in the bottom. The south
west drift In the same stringer run on the tun
nel level shows 12 Inches of quartz with spots
of ore. The mass of the quartz in the wltuta
and In the southwest drift is of no value. All
the work in the Ophlr was delayed for thrte
shifts by a cave in the Sutro tunnel that has
since been repaired.
In the Hale & Norcross mine the old tunnel
at the hoisting works has been cleaned out and
repairsd 65 feet from its mouth.
In the ("hollar and Potosl mines on May 11
they began grading and laying track from the
mouth o^ the Chollar and Potosi joint wtat
tunnel to the dump. Sutro tunnel level— on
May 12 a force of men began clearing out and
repairing the Zadig drift.
The Parrott Copper Mining Company of Mon
tana has declared a dividend of $1 50 per share,
payable May 31.
The Portland Mining Company of Cripple
Creek, Colo., paid a dividend of 2 cents per
share, or $60,000, yesterday. This makes $2,100.
--ono returned to stockholders.
The Osceola Copper Mining Company of
Michigan has declared a dividend of $3 per
share, payable on June 15. This is $1 per share
over previous dividends. It is the fourth divi
dend on the new capitalization (91, n0n out
standing), prior dividends being $2, declared
November 11, 1S98; $1, May 27, 1898, and $1. De
cember 31, .1597. Two dividends of $1 each were
paid in 1857 on former capitalization of 50,000
shares. In 1896 $2 50 was paid.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. May 15—2 p. m.
Bid.Aßk. I Bid. Ask.
Bonas— Eqult G L Co. 1% 7%
4s quar c0up.. 114 - Mutual El Co. lfi — |
4s quar reg...— Oakland Gas.. 45"^ 46^
4s quar new.. — 130 Pac Gas Imp.. — 73' i
3s quar coup. .loß — p a c LCo — —
Miscellaneous— S F G & E 71' i 72
Cal-st Cab 55. 117 — San Fran 3^ :i\
Cal Rlec L 65.125^127"->iStockton Gas.. — 13i4
C C Wat 55.... 112 112% | Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — - iFlrem's Fund. 222 —
E L & P 65....130V413l Bank Stocks-
F& Cl Ry 6s. — 118 Anglo-Cal .... - 67%
Geary st X SS.5 S . — — Rank of Cal.. 261 265
H C<t S 5Hs.m2H _ ?al S D & T. — —
LAKy 5s 107'/iIOS First Natlonl.22o —
L A LCo 6s.lolVj - Lon P & A... — 131%
Do gntd 65..101>* - |Mer Exchange - 16
Market-st 65...12S 129'ilNev Nat 8k..150 190
Do Ist M ss.U7',illS'.i| Savings Banks—
N('X G X Ts.lUa - Ger S & L. — 1630
N Ry Cal 65. .115 — |Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 55.. 114 — 'Mutual Say.. — 41H
N P C X R 6s. — 108 is F Say U.. 500 —
NP C R R 05.103V4 — :S & L So — 92
N Cal R R Ss.HO — j Security S B 300 350
Oak Gas 55.... 11 l — ; Union T Co. — 1465
Om C Ry 65..126<4 — j Street Railroads—
P & Cl Ry 65. 107 — California 116 —
PAO 6s 117 — Geary M% —
Powell-st 65... - 122H Market-st 63ft 63'^
Sac El Ry ss. - — |Oak S L&H. — —
SF& X P 55.116^i - 'Presidio — 17
S F & S JVis.lls 116 Powder—
SlerraßCal 65.108H — California 160 187H
BPof Ar 65.. 113 — E Dynamite... i f «i
|SP C6s (1»U5) — 112 Giant Con Co. 77% 78
SPC 6s (1906) — — Vlgorlt 4'/S 414
SPC 6s (1912) — — ' Rupar—
SPCIs eg ss. inn - liana P C 0.... IVi 17%
S PBr 6s 122}; — Haw C & SC. — 117
: B V Water 6s. in; U6% Hutch S P C. 35% 35%
. S V Water 45.104 — Kiauea S Co.. 32 32%
S V W4s(3<lni).lu2>ilo3 Onomea S Co.. — 46
Stktn Gas 6s..lul^j — (Paauhau S P. 42-^ 42%
Wnter Stocks— ilis ( .>llaneous—
! Contra Costa.. 70^4— Al Pac Assn. .ll2 113
| Marin C" .... so - Ger I^l \Vks..25U -
Spring Valley. 101^4 — Mw Ex \ssn.. 90
<Ja:> and Klectrlc— Oceanic S Co.. 91% 93>4
Capital Gas... — — ipac A F A.... 2 —
rertrnl.O m.. — — | Pac C Bor C0.117Vi —
Cent L & P... — 8 ll'ar Paint Co.. 7H —
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Central Light & Power 7 00
105 Contra Costa Water 72 00
120 Contra Costa AVater 7175
SO Contra Costa Water 71 62>/i
i"" Equitable Gas 7 ir-j
14.". Giant Powder con 78 26
1" liana Plantation Co 17 62Vi
40 liana Plantation Co 17 50
150 Hutchlnson S 1' tv> 33 87V4
$li\ooo Los Angeles Ky 0 per cent bonds.lo7 >,-''-.
50 Oceanic S S Co 92 50
110 Oceanic S S Co ■.<:.• ?;,
60 Onomea Sugar Co 45 50
75 Paauhau S P Co 42 75
ISO Paauhau S P Co 42 50
10 Spring Valley Water 10175
180 Spring Valley Water 101 50
100 Vigorit Powder 4 00
jl) Vigorit Powder 4 12V4
Afternoon Session.
Board —
45 Contra Costa Water 70 75
:<' Contra Costa Water 70 50
3.'. Contra Costa Water 70 00
20 Contra fnsta. Water 70 25
25 Giant Powder Con 77 75
100 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
■ Hutchinson S P Co 35 s7
$10,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds. lo7 50
10 Oakland Gas 46 00
50 Paauhau S P Co 42 37'/i
475 Vigorlt Powder 4 12 ' a
Street—
6 Giant Powder Con 78 25
50 Oceanic S S Co 02 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Central Light & Power 7 00
150 Equitable Gaslight 7 25
50 Hutchinson S P Co 3". sT'i
300 Vigorit Powder 4 25
25 Oceanic S S Co 92 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
175 Vigorlt Powder 4 00
60 Paauhau S P Co 42 50
75 Paauhau S P Co 42 :!7' 3
100 Equitable Gaslight 7 26
25 Contra Costa Water 71 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
! Cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
i 100 Caledonia 40; MM) Mexican 54
100 Chollar 34i600Potosi 23
| 250 Con Cal & Va.l 70 1 500 Sierra Nevada. !>5
100 Crown Point... 30 100 Union Con -ifi
100 Halo & Norcrs 37 200 Yellow Jacket. 42
100 Kentuck 06
Afternoon Session.
! 100 Best & Belcher 53 2^o Overman 19
500 Caledonia 51 100 Overman IS
100 Caledonia 50'200Potosi 28
LOO Chollar 31 l.'O Savage 25
100 Con <"al i- Va.l 55 KOO Sierra Nevada. 91
sft Gould & Curry 35 300 Sierra Nevada. 90
300 Mexican 50 ion Union Con 44
600 Ophlr 1 20 ICO Union Con .... 45
3l)0 Ophir 1 15
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session
300 Alpha Con .... 07 600 Con Cal & V...1 65
200 Alta 09 200 Mexican 53
200 Belcher 38 400 Ophir 125
300 Best & Belcher 56 300 Overman 15
3iK) Caledonia 4" 300 Overman 18
300 Caledonia 50 200 Potosl 29
200 Chollar 3411500 Seg Belcher.... 03
400 Chollar 35 200 R<*rra Nevada. 97
200 Con Cal & V.I 67'^! 200 Yellow Jacket. 43
Afternoon Session.
600 Best X m - ; ••''■■•- '< 300 Crown Point... 29
400 Best & Belcher »J .100 Crown Point... 28
200 Bullion 07 80 Gould & Curry 32
WO Caledonia 61 50 Justice 22
600 Caledonia 60 25 Mexican 46
rui) Caledonia SB 325 Ophir 1 22Va
300 Caledonia 54 300 Ophlr 1 20
200 Con Cal & V.I 62.. . 700 Ophlr 115
200 Con Cal & V...1 60 25 Ophir 1 27Tfe
200 Con Cal & V.I 52U 300 Overman IS
300 Con Cal & V...155 500 Potosl 28
200 Con Imperial.. 02 3<h> Savage » 25
200 Con Imperial.. 01 500 Seg Belcher ... 04
200 Crown Point... 30 40 Sierra Nevada. 88
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, May 15—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha 06 07 ! Kentuck 05 07
Alta 07 09 Lady Wash 01 02
Andes 08 10 Mexican 4S 49
Belcher 37 38 Occidental 34 —
Best & Belcher 52 58 1 Ophir lisi 20
Bullion 06 08 .Overman IS 19
Caledonia 55 56 Potosi 2S 29
(hollar 30 31 Savage zi 26
Chalenge Con.. 34 3.". Scorpion — 03
Confidence 1051 10 Seg Belcher 03 04
Con Cal & Va.l 50 166 Sierra Nevada 89 90
Con Imperial... 01 02 Silver Hill — 03
"niwn Pomt — 2S 20 Syndicate 05 —
Con New York. — 02 Standard 275 —
] Exchequer — 03 St Louis 05 —
i Gould & Curry 34 35 Union Con 44 45
llnle & Norcrs 3fi 37 Utah 17 ls
j Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket. 41 43
1 Justice 21 22!
The Debt of London.
The Finance Committee of the London
County Council have just prepared a re
turn showing for the year 1597-8 the
charge on the rates of each parish in the
County of London and the amount of
loans outstanding for which each parish
is liable in respect of parish loans union
loans, district loans, and central and coun
ty loans, together with the equivalent
rate in the pound of the charge and the
percentage of the loans outstanding to
the ratable value of the parish. A mem
orandum is prefixed to tin- return which
summarizes the detail and shows for each
class of local authority and for all Lon
don the total charpe In respect of loans
and the total amount of loans outstand
ing, tog-ether with a division of the total
charge between interest and repayment.
The total debt of London secured on the
rates is now £40.870,639. and involves
charge on the rates of £2,596.244, of which
£1.185.560 is interest and £1,407 ,654 repay
ment. The total debt is equivalent to 113' i
per cent of the ratable (annual) value,
and the charge is equal to an average
I rate over all London of Is sV*d in the
: pound. The debt of the City Corporation.
i not being secured on the rates, is not in
cluded in the return. At the end of 1597
; it amounted to £4.929.300, and involved a
I charge of £289,140 in the year.— London
; Times.
Getting Even.
"Why should 1 marry you?" she asked,
coldly. . .
"Well, of course." he replied, viciously,
"you can he an old maid if you wish. —
Philadelphia North American.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrcgraphlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regardins
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published
Ip the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. IT. P. N.. In charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Ccast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
' Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the . city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
jw, height of tide is th» Fame at both places.
TUESDAY, MAY 16.
Sun rises 4:"S
Sun sets T:!4
Moon rises 0:00 a. m.
O Titnel ITimel ITimel ITimej
» Ft. I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. I Ft.
!» H W| JL W H W| L Wj
16 ... 3:32] 4.21 M:X6] 0.8 B:44 4.9! 11:23 3.0
17 ... 4:34J 3.8| 11:01 1.1 6:24 5.01
LW| IH W L W H W
18 ... 0:30 2.6! 5:541 3.6 11:52 1.4 7:00 B.I
19 ... l:20| 2.0| 7:10| 3.6 12:36 1.7| 7:34 5.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early mnrnlne tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to ttm*. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand 'olumn gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are soundings to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus Fljm f— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by t*ie charts. The plane of
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. . I Due.
L,uella iTillamook 'May IS
Signal iColumbia River [May 16
Fulton 'Portland May 16
B. Hernster....!Coquille River May 16
Corona Pun Diego May I*
Washtenaw Tacoma IMay 17
Pomona Humboldt IMay 17
Queen Victoria & Pupet Round 17
Empire Coos Bay May 17
Bonlta Newport May IS
North Fork Humboldt May 13
Orace Dollar... 'drays Harbor May 13
Point Arena 'Point Arena 'May IS
A. Blanchard.JCoos Bay.. |May 19
Gaelic China and Japan 'May 19
Willamette 'Departure Bay [May 19
Bristol 'Departure Bay IMay in
Mackinaw 'Tacoma May 20
Weeott iHumboldt May 20
Columbia 'Portland May 20
Santa Rosa.....|San Diego May 20
Colon (Panama May 20
Czarina IPupet Pound IMay 20
Wellington ....IDeparture Bay 'May 21
Titanla ...'. |Nanaimo .....[May -1
Coquille River.. rays Harbor IMay 21
Crescent City.JCrescent City [Mar 22
Arcata ICoos Bay iMav "'
Coos Bay [Newport |May II
Walla Walla... I Victoria & Puget Sound > M ■ v i.'
Alliance lOreeon Ports IMay 22
Australia 'Honolulu 'May 23
State of Cal.... IPortland May 25
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Coos Bay... Newport May 16, 9 am Pier 11
City Peking: China *.Tapan May 16, 1 pm PMSS
Tmatl'la .. : V1r * Prt Sd. 'V.qv 1«. 10 anvPter *
We«-itt ....IHumboldt 'May 16. 2 pm'Pier 13
Aloha jPoInt Arena.. IMay lfi, 3 pmlPler 2
Moana jSydney May 17, in rim, Pier 7
Arcata (Coos Bay IMay 17, 10 am;Pier 13
State Cal. .. 'Portland. .....JMay 18. 10 am Tier 24
Corona |San Diego 'May IS, 11 am'Pier 11
Pan Juan. ..'Panama IMay 18, 11 m TMSS
Pomona ... ! Humboldt IMay 19, 2 pm!Pier »
G. Dollar . Oregon Ports. 'May 19, 1 pm Pi»r 2
A. Klanch'd|Humboldt i May 20, 5 pmjPier 13
Bonita Newport ...'May 20, 9 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena. .IPoint Arena. IMay 20, 3 pnrPier 2
Queen iVic & Pgt Sd. 'May 21. 10 am Pier 9
Santa Rflsa'San Diego IMay 22, 11 am'Pier 11
Columbia ..'Portland |May 23. 10 amPier 24
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
COLUMBIA RIVER. MAIN SHIP CHANNEL,
FROM TONGUE POINT TO JIM
CROW POINT.
Notice is hereby g^ven that from and after
May 15, 1599, the fixed white lantern lig-ht will
be discontinued on beacon 1 in the main ship
channel from Tonirue Point to Jim Crow Point.
SANDS BEACON POST LIGHT— A fixed
white lantern, suspended 15 feet above the
water from an arm on a single pile, will be
established on May 16, ISP9, on the Taylor
F.-ui'ls, abreast of and close to beacon 1, In the
main ship channel from Tongue Point to Jim
C'p'nv Point.
This notice affects the T.ists of Lights and
Fog Signals. Pacific Coast. 1599. No. 76. page 22;
also the List of Beacons, and Bouys, Pacific
Coast. 1899, page 50.
By order of the Liehthouse Board.
GEO. C. REITER. Captain. U. S. N,
Inspector Thirteenth Lighthouse District.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
SAN FRANCISCO LIGHT VESSEL XO. 70.
CALIFORNIA.
Notice is hereby Riven that on May 14, 1899,
San Francisco Light Vessel No. 70, stationed
outside the bar off the entrance to San Fran
cisco Harbor, California, parted her moorings
and is now in San Francisco Harbor. She will
be replaced in her position as soon as practica
ble when due notice will be given.
This notice affects the Lists of Lights and
Fop Slcnals. Pacific Coast. 1599, page 12. and
the List of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific Coast.
IS9B, page 17.
By order of the Lichthouse Board.
U. SEBREE. Commander, U. S. N .
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydmgraphic Office, U. S. N., Mer
''hnnto" Fvchange, San Francisco, Cal
May 15, 1899.
The time ball was dropped about three (3)
seconds too early to-day, on account of a
fault of the signals. C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. T\ S. N.. !n charse.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, May 15.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, 45 hours from Coos Bay
etc. »
Stmr George Loomis, Bridgett. 42 hours from
Vent >ira.
Stmr Valencia, Lane, 27 days from Manila
via Nagasaki 19 day?.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson, 62 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Newburg, 61 hours from Grays Harbor.
Stmr State of California. Goodall. o2'j hours
from Portland, via Astoria 384 hours
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 93 hours from New
port (S). etc.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 40 hours from Moss
Landing.
Schr Maxim. Olsen, 18 hours from Caspar.
Bark Fermanla, Pearson, 8 days from Se
attle.
Haw bark Diamond Head, Ward. 35 days fm
Honolulu.
Brig Gallilee, Dinsmore, 30 days from Ta
hiti.
Schr Mary C. Madsen, 9 hours from Fort
Ross.
Schr Nettie Low. Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
CLEARED.
Monday. May 15.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins. Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Centennial. Eagles, Manila, via Hono
lulu; it s Government.
lir ship Brenda, Thomson, Queenstown; Ep
pinger & Co. '
Bktn Wrestler, Nielsen, Kahului: Alexander
& Baldwin.
SAILED.
M'>n.la}. May 15.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Hueneme. Johnson, I* sal.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson.
Stmr Tillamook, Walvlg. Cnos Bay.
Stmr Centennial, Eagles, Manila, via Hono
lulu.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagorlund.
Schr Carrie and Annie, Schultze, Galovln
Bay.
Schr Mayflower, Olsen, Coquille River.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. May 15-Cablegram reports Br ship
Selkirk, from Baltimore for Manila ran
reef, NeKros Island, Philippines, and became
total loss. No lives lost.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 15. 10 p m-^ eatner
hazy; wind Xff; velocity SO miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND-Sailed May 14-Br ship
General Roberts, from Port Ludlow, for Cape
'PORT LUDLOW— Sailed May 15— Schr Ban
g< COOS r BAY°-Arrived May 14, at 6 p m— Stmr
Empire, hence May 10. r^*tt»
SAN DIEGO-Arrived May la— Schr Lottie
Canon, from Eureka. *.•«,„.,
Sailed May 15-Tugr Kelief, for San Fran-
SEATTLK- Arrived May 15— Schr Nellie O
Thurston, from . • . ,-. „_
I May 15-Htmr City of Topeka. for D>ea.
i ILLE RIVER - Sailed May 14— Scnr
ra Hernster, for San Franelsco.
NEAH HAY Passed in May 16— Br stmr Wel
lington, hence M;:y 11. f<ir Nanaimo.
Passed out May 15— Br ship General Roberts,
from Port Ludlow, for Cape Town.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 15— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka; schr John A Campbell,
from Tucoma.
REDONDO— SaiIed May 15— Schr Llla and
Mnttie, for Coquille River.
EUREKA— Arrived May 13— Stmr Pomona,
hence May 14: schr Eva. hence May 7.
PYRAMID HARBOR- Arrived May 2— Ship
Two Brothers, hence Aoiil 9.
WHATCOM— SaiIed May 13— Stmr Brunswick,
fnr St Michael. May I'.— Schr J M Colman, for
St Michael.
ASTORlA— Arrived May 15— Stmr Columbia,
hence May 13.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 13— Ship E B Sut
ton. hence Jan 19.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FAL MOUTH— Arrived May 12 -Br ship Per
severance, from Portland, and sailed for Ant
werp,
• JERALTON — Arrived March 17— Br ship
Spinaway, from Fremantle.
PANAMA— Arrived May I— Stmr City of
Sydney, hence April s.
CARDIFF— SaiIed May 13— Br ship British
Isles, for San Francisco.
QUEENBTOWN— Arrived May IS— Br ship
Matterborn, from Portland, and sailed for
Antwerp. May 13— Danish bark Sixtus. from
I 1 n iland.
SHlELDS— Arrived May 12— Br ship Cambus
kenneth. from Hamburg.
VALPARAISO— Arrived April 7— Chil bark
Hindostan. from Vancouver.
SWANSEA— SaiIed May 12— Br ship Valkyrie.
for Cardiff.
TAKU— Arrived prior May 12— Bktn Echo.
from Tori Blekeley.
AX.TATA— SaiIed May 15— Schr Joseph Rusi,
for San Fran
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— Arrived May 16— Stmr Nord
land, from New York.
NKW roßK— Arrived May 15— Stmr Buenos
Ayres, from Glasgow,
GIBRALTAR— Arrived May 15— Stmr Ems.
from New York, for Genoa and Naples.
Sailed May 15-Stmr Aller, from Naples, for
' CHERBOURG— SaiIed May 16-Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grouse, from New York, for
Southampton and liri-men.
BREMEN— Arrived May 16— Stmr Bremen, for
Xcw York, via Southampton.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived May is— Stmr Kai
fp r Wilhelm der Grosse, from New lorH. lor
Bremen.
OCE-xIT TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
1^ Steamers leave Broadway
';^te^_ wharf. San Franoisco:
I jrilllh For Alaskan ports, 10 a- m.,
5 tSlßSlSssk May 1. 6, 11. 16. 21. 28. Si.
1 HT KS9I June 5: change at Seattle.
1 iS^lSul For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
1 HoS^eSl c ->. Port Townsend. Seattle.
(/'"■VffGsßflA Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
\i and New Whatcom (Wash.),
"* 10 a. m.. May 1, 6. 11. 16. "•
2«. SI: June 5. and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; a*. Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. nv. May 4.
9. 14. 1?. 24. 29; June 3. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cm*. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayuco*. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Oavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura. Huenem*.
Pan Peero. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 4. 8. 11 1«. 20. 24. 28:
June 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego. Hopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. May 2. 6. 10. 14, 18. 22. 26. 30; June S. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Enr»enada. Mngrdalena Bay. San Jose del
ratio. Ma-zatlan, Altata, La Pass. Santa Rosalia
and Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to Changs
without previous" notice steamers, sailing dates
ar A »,. ,„ nf 111^
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Arts.,
10 Market «t.. San TYanelseo.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
-r,icr\Trn FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
**Tifi Pp»ar-*tr*et Wharf at 10 a, m.
CAPE *' 2 First Class Including Berths
IAnC SS Second Class and Meals.
Columbia calls April 23: May 3, It, 23.
ate of California sails April 28; May S.
IS, 2*.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C WARD, General Agent.
610 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintend sat.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW rOBK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PAKI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. ■
From New York Even- Wednesday, 10 a. m.
f?t. Louis May riPt. Lor>ls May 34
Paris Mar Paris May 31
St. Paul May 17 |St. Panl June 1
RED STAR LINE,
New York nnd Antwerp.
r-r^r" .Vow York Every Wednesday. 12 n«v*n.
Noordland May 3Westernland ....May M
Frlesland May 10 Kensington May 31
Scuthwark May 17Noardland June 2
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawsori City.
For full information regarding freight and pa*.
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery »t.. or any of Its agencies. -
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and'Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Tuesday, June 27
AMERICA MARU Saturday. July 23
HONGKONG MART] Thursday, August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. R. CURTIS. General Agent.
fMHBMMSfI 8. 8. Mo ana sails
lafllllE vla Honolulu and
i*fc " SH " Auckland for Sydney
y™ _, L: Wednesday. May if.
JSfMnMine) The S. S. Austral!*
CylUllllJlliy^ g& s for Honolulu
(O01B(llZ£i~ Wednesday. May 31.
yvnijjviiw^ a^ 2p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc.: $610 first class.
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— HAMBURG.
• Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For sailings, etc., apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE. 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agents Pacific Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome. and
lIS Montgomery st., San Francisco.
COMPAONIS GENERALE TRANSATLANTIC^.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. f-fjjrr
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <CIC^S
from Pier 42. North River, foot of ** ■-''- -
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE, May 20; LA
TOURAINE, May 27, LA GASCOGNE, June 3:
LA CHAMPAGNE. June 10; LA BRETAGNE.
June 17. First class to Havre. $65 and upward.
6 per cent reduction on round trip. Second class
to Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction on round
trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green,
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. ft Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER ST^AM-SBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m,
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m. '
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular ttteamers
leave Washington-street wharf at I p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA N'AV. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 806.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Men., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 3:45 a.
m.. 8:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays.
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office. Mission-street ' Dock. Pier
No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
; FARE... , ,N.REV. MARSHALL LAW
ASKED TO RESIGN
Defies the Vestry and Will Act
to Please Himself.
Says Big Pills or Little Pills Figure in
the Controversy— His Statement
Denied Any Use of Drugs.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Tall,
:wis Broadway, May 15.
Rev. Victor Marshall Law, rector of the
Church of the Advent, has been asked by
the vestry to resign, and this an: -
ment has startled every Episcopalian In
the State. 1j is not unlikely thai
Rational church trial may be the r
The n. trotiations have reached this
stag* I—that1 — that the rector wants
ths 1 vacation and may resign at the
end of that time: the vestry will give two
months, but require a resigi I
one©.
Thfc whole matter was plai
Bishop Nichols to-day and ..
Justment is expected. F, •
diocese has been interested In 1 »r.
V. Marshal! Law, D.D., M. D.
career, and it Is eagerly awaiting the
finish of the controversy.
The polity of the Episcopal church in
America provides that it rector can hold
office for •■■ unless proved to be a heretic
or guilty of gross misconduct. Dr. Law
will not resign, the vestry is at a loss to
induce him -to do so and at present it ; s
probable that the rector will take a long
vacation— just how long nobody knows,
Several months ago one of the vestry
men suggested to Rev. Dr. Law that it
would be in the interests- of harmony if
he resigned. The rector indignantly re
fused to consider any such proposal and
it was agreed that matters should be left
as they were until the return of J. J.
Valentine from his Eastern trip. Mr.
Valentine is senior warden of the church
and rector-vostryman. His colleagues are
Messrs. Pope, Jones, Stalder, Read, Burr
and Foote. Of these seven all but two,
it is said, have expressed a desire for a
new rector.
Th« matter was thoroughly discussed
GRAPE-NUTS.
MAKING BRAINS
IS NOW AN ACCOM-
PLISHED FACT.
AN ART OF THE FOOD MAKER.
New and Sturdy Brains to
Order.
Th^re certainly is money to be made
and every 'lay in good sized quantities
in this busy w ■
But the opportunities are seen and
the work done by men with good
brains.
It is brains and not so much muscle
that ~ ■ :. t., tlie front. Now :hen
for a conclusii
You use your thinking machinery
every day and "break down" slight
ins of it. <a thoroughly natural
pro< ■■
We know from analysis just what it
is that leaves the brain under press of
work, and that little element should
be replaced each day from food. Often
the food does not supply it as rapidly
as the daily work uses it. Th< i
have brain fag, nervous prostrat
etc. Would you goad th" tired and
underfed ox with a stimulant to
It to desperate and unnatural exertion
to be followed by total collapse?
Call in your common Bense, Vv*hen
you find this condition exists Belect a
food heavy in Nature's Phospjrate of
Potash and Albumen, that combine to
and rebuild the gray matter of
the brain; these are not drugs, but the
delicate preparations nature stores in
parts of her cereals and intends for
man's use.
A food expert has dug out these facts,
and when one uses Orape-Nuts, the
most skillfully made food now in ex-
istence, he or she takes advantage of
t) ■• knowledge, and certainly can and
does rebuild brain in a manner that is
unmistakable and most satisfactory.
if you have use for active planning
and successful money-making brains,
build them and nourish them with the
delicious food, Grape-Nuts.
firlce 15 cents per package.
at the regular meeting of the vestry la.=t
lay, and a special committee, of
whom Vestryman Pope was one, was ap
. ili upon ]>r. Law and discuss
th him. Two conferences
held, but so Car nothing has
been done, the rector being obdurate,
derable mystery surround
why tli-- vestry is anxious
for It Law t'> resign. Several months
■ • • time when he was first
about a resignation, he pre
. laborate defense of certain
ite, and in his little church
tr and Nave, he Invited a
Lnce on Sunday morning to
• : -u< lit r. ad. In the interval
•., w; - i . rsuaded by some of his friends
to wh 'in tli<' statement was Bubmltted
read it. and on Sunday morning h.
announced that he hail changed his mind
ding the information he had to im
"H is certainly a reflection on the
i that our rector should be a led to
pay a bill of $2 90," said Vestryman Dr.
1s : i. : 1 1 Jon< b. ' 1 know from my persona]
knowledge that Dr. Law was paid his
Balary up to the Ist of April and i have
ibi he has been paid Blnce. 1
annoying and it would certain
ly add to ill- harm inj of the church if
we had a new rector, w. have not de
manded his resignation that 1 know of,
although some of the vestrymen may
have that it would be ac
able. l>r. Law is In ill health and is suf
fering from heart trouble. He Is not phy
sically able ai present to attend to his
duties and I, if 1 were a physician, would
mend a long rest. 1 did not attend
him during his several illnesses, but I
.;:- heart is weak."
Law will not resign. He is in
. r position oi being master of
tin situation. "1 shall stay where I am. "
said lJr. Law. "The laws of our church
: limit of a vestry to demand
■;' tli>- rector. When prop
■; In- is a rector as loiiK a- .•
jes ;■■ stay, and 1 choose to stay.
i.- a little trouble at present, per
haps due t" myself. When I first came
;.• i" I should have caused to be entered
in mj agreement witn the vestry an un
derstanding that I should have a month's
holidaj each yar. This was not done.
tend that I am entitled now to
months' vacation. This unpleasant
: the beginning of the trouble, over
my vacation. 1 can easily understand
why Dr. Jonea is not entirely pleased
with ■ they are— the position is
easily explained. It. Jones is of the al
lopathic school of medicine; 1 am a pro
mt j.it h. This is all that n< ■• d
l 'Mi that point. 1 have had a eon
witli some of the vestrymen about
this vacation, and 1 contend that 1 am
entitled to be at liberty till the end of
. n"t having taken a va-
I .. • ar. 'rii" vestry does not
With rii" :w!<i we are to meet again
to try to straighten the matter out."
Tb were 1 ivored with a look at
tlie rector's statement declared that it
have created a big sensation in
account ol various suits brought
tor in Us-- Justices' Courts
!'■:■ small bills, the rumor was circulated
that Dr. Law wan not being paid his sal
ary with regularity. His friends declared
no otner reason was necessary to
bills were not paid.
This simile story regarding the rector
of the church of which the wealthy J.
j. Valentine and Beveral other rich men
v-.is not believed, and
when referred to these gentlemen was
flatly d< nied.
All declared that the rector received his
. with re gularity the Hrsl of
It is not a princely Balary for
the lectcr of a fashionable chui
bare Si 1 *" a month but with an additional
aid his wife for officiating at the or
gan and with the rent ( I the rectory
paid. it. was thought Dr. Law was fully
care of.
Rector Law baa frequently diverged
from tne routini I ministers. ||.
is a graduate "t the allopathic school f
and prai jfully for
ten years in the East before going to
. In his Choir and Nave he lias
frequently surprised his parishioners. On
on" occasion lie startled tin.- bar of Cali
fornia by announcing that Attorney W
s. Goodfellow had refused a bribe of ;<
quarter of a million in the Fair estate
litigation, which statement was prompt
enied and laughed at by Mr. Good
fellow.
Three months ago this little magazine
mi.de more enemies by appearing in the
of a political pamphlet advocating
anti-Republicanism, it invited all the
church members to vote for a Dem.,
candidate tor the City Council, and a lit
tle investigation showed thai th< Repub
opponent of this Democrat was for
m< rly a pillar of the Church of the Ad
vent who had left because he could not
agree with Dr. Law.
The rector is also the inventor of a
hygienic communion chalice anil also of
patent lips for holding the mustache up
while drinking from a coffee cup.
Vestryman Pope says that Dr. Law has
not yet handed In his resignation, but
that be will probably go on a vacation.
The rector's friends in the church de
clare that Vestryman Valentine, in view
Of al! tlie fnvors shown him by Dr. Law.
should cause it to be known that he
is by the rector and approves of his
course. Dr. Law has always appointed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 16, 1899.
Mr. Valentine his special representative
in the vestry, which is the greatest honor
in the gift of the rector in the Episcopal
church. The Choir and Nave, of
which the rector is editor, has never lost
an opportunity to heap eulogies on the
wealthy Mr. Valentine. He has been
thanked generously and oft for donating
carpets, windows and the means for thor
oughly renovating the church, all of
whi.h has made Mr. Valentine a very
prominent member of the Church of the
Advent, and also throughout this dio
cese. While Dr. Law was away on a va
cation two years ago Mr. Valentine
planned a happy surprise for him. When
the rector returned the church had been
made to look almost new in every par
ticular, and the next number of the
c noir and Nave was facetiously referred
to as "a Valentine."
In this hour of Dr. Law's trouble Mr.
\ alt-mine has not yet given him the as
surance which his friends think he de
serves. They also say freely that for a
church with such a wealthy membership
JIOO per month Is a very paltry salary.
They compare it with the $6000 per an
num paid to Dr. Coyle of the Presbyte
rian church and the $4000 paid Dr. Brown
of the Congregational church. For the
work that Mrs. Law does training the
choir and playing the organ $25 per month
is also thought to be very small.
The statement prepared by Dr. Law,
but which he did not read, would have
hern one of the most remarkable docu
ments ever heard from the pulpit
of an Episcopal church. It was
not read because Attorney W. S.
C.oodftllow advised the rector to
refrain. It was a denial of cer
tain rumors that had gained currency
that Dr. Law was using drugs more than
was necessary. Dr. Lair vigorously de
nied this slander and offered to stay with
any member of his congregaiion for any
time, from a week to a year, to satisfy
him of the utter falsity of the rumor. He
also defied any one to discover any store
where he had ever purchased drugs in
thi^ State. The rector stated that he was
led to make such denials l>y reason of a
conversation over a telephone between
certain parties known to him. It was rep
resented to Dr. Law that such a state
ment would provoke iinncc -ssary pub
licity. He was assured that the rumors
were not credited and not worthy such
refutation.
FINAL PREPARATIONS
FOR THE CONVENTION
OAKLAND STREETS GARLANDED
FOR THE ENDEAVORERS.
The Concluding Rehearsal of the Four
Hundred Voiced Concert Well
Attended Last Night.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 15.
The State officers of the Christian Kn
deavorers held an executive session at Y.
M. C. A. Hall to-night and completed the
final arrangement? for the big convention
which opens next Thursday;
The final rehearsal of the concert of 400
voices was also held this evening at Ex
position Hall, and there was a large at
tendance, since it is customary to give
out tickets to the final rehearsal to sat
isfy the throng that might not have the
good fortune of securing seats at the con
cert to-morrow nleht.
Work "ii the interior of the Exposition
building commenced In earnest this
morning under the personal direction of
Messrs. John C. Suhr. F. A. Webster and
E. C. Lyon of the '98 committee. The
m wall of the building, which has
been moved back twenty feet, was hung
with purple and sold, the Endeavorer's
colors. In front of it are the tiers of
seats to be occupied by the 4" (| singers.
The ceiling is decorated with red, white
and blue bunting, and beneath this can
opy about 2000 Beats have been arranged
to accommodate the audience for to-mor
row night's con' rl
Many of the booths In the western hall
Just deserted by the Native Sons and
ghters at the golden carnival are to
t..- utilized as committee headquarters
during the Endeavorer convention.
Street decorations were also commenced
to-day, and Broadway is garlanded from
sine to side with flags of all kinds. Wash
ington street and many of the cross thor
oughfares will follow suit.
it is now estimated that about 5000 dele
rates will Invade Oakland on Wednes
day and Thursday next to attend the con
vention.
DEVINE TIRED OF LIFE.
A Hero of the Oregon Quarrels With
a Woman and Takes a Dose
of Opium.
OAKLAND, May 15.— Richard Devine.
the gunner's mate who won distinction on
the battleship Oregon during the engage
ment at Santiago, when he remained un-
HAWAIIAN BARK DIAMOND HEAD,
SHE reached port yesterday after an unusually long passage of thirty-five days from Honolulu. Other ves
sels that left after her made the run in from fifteen to nineteen days, so fears were entertained for the safe
ty of the Diamond Head. During the last nine days of the voyage a succession of north-northwest storms
were encountered.
relieved for four hours in the magazine,
attempted to commit suicide to-day at
the Oakland House on Seventh street.
Devlin was sent from the Oregon to a
New York hospital last September a
physical wreck and suffering from heart
trouble In particular. Recently ho was
ordered to Ban Francisco for examination
and about two weeks ago attempted to
,-n.I his career by taking carbolic acid.
On that occasion Miss May Cons pre
vented his death. Since then he has be
come infatuated with this young woman
V.d last night they had a quarrel, which
fa "believed to have been partly responsi
ble for his attempt at .suicide to-day,
when he took a dose of opium. llos
, was taken to the Receiving Hos
nltat for treatment, and late this after
noon rallied somewhat. Devine is a na
.', o [Virginia, aged 37 years, and claims
he has a wife residing in Los Angeles.
He declared to the hospital attendants
that he was sorry his attempt had not
proved successful and that he will yet
make a sure job of it.
Alameda County News Brevities.
OAKLAND. May I. -Judge ■ Ellsworth to-day
granted Annie Dougherty a divorce from Dan
iel J. Dougherty on the ground of desertion,
with $22 50 a month alimony and custody of the
Cl The e funeral of the late Mrs. Margaretha
Denke was held this afternoon from the
family residence, 1727 Webster street.
The sensational trial of Mrs. Jane bather
against William J. Dingee. brought for there
covery of $113,000 she claims is being withheld
or has been misappropriated by defendant, will
not come oft until November 1 at the earliest,
Judge Greene to-day having granted a con
tinuance until then on Dineee s affidavit of
11 Stanley, administrator of the estate of
.liiin-s Stanley, administrator of the estate of
\Y \V NiCkalS, has been cited, on petition of
Mrs. M. Manlon and Mrs. H. Kearney, to ap
pear before Judge Hall on May 22 and show
why he has not paid the claim of J. S. Capron
for $1538, whloh they hold on assignment.
THE VALENCIA
RETURNS FROM
THE PHILIPPINES
Brings Back a Num
ber of Volunteers.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC ROBBED
QUANTITY OF FREIGHT STOLEN
FROM ITS WHARF.
Battleship lov/a Getting Ready to Go
on the Drydock — The Overdue
Bark Diamond Head
Reaches Port.
The transport Valencia arrived from
Manila via Nagasaki yesterday after a
good passage of twenty-seven days. In
the cabin she had the following passen
gers: Mrs. T. H. Mead and child, Captain
F. E. Buchan, C. S. Parker, J. H. Heister,
Dr. James McAdory and John W. Taylor.
The Valencia also hrouglit up the follow
ing discharged soldiers: William T. Al
len, Walter S. Mcßrlde, James E. Calvey,
W. J. Manning, Samuel Harvey, W. L.
Phillips, Hi. ward H. May, Bert D. ('ai
rier, James K. Fritter, Austin O. Sims,
Robert O. Wright, J. D. Dixon, Thomas
Quirk, Francis W. Johnston, John John
sun. Albert Ross, Michael Hulub, W. B.
Walker, Herbert lfonson, F. D. Sweet,
F. D. Brown, A. A. Dorn. C. H. Wallace,
J. C. Tucker, James Walsh, Thomas M.
Farmer, Ed. Arnold, J. F. W. Kreyer,
Benjamin Ohman, W. K. Shank, Rudolph
Blauer, John Fellows, Phil BaUard,
James W. Cunnell, F. M. Wilson, G. y.
Btryker.
Captain P. E. Buchan is of the Twen
tieth Kansas Regiment and he accom
panies the remains of his wife. She suc
cumbed to the climate of Manila and the
body will be taken to Kansas for inter- |
ment. J. H. Heister was formerly fore
man of the Report pressrooms, but went j
to Manila to assume a position in the
Government printing: office. He did not
like the climate and came back to San
Francisco.
The Valencia experienced fine weather
throughout the trip except on Sunday '
night, when she was caught in a heavy
gale off the Farallones.
Some wharf rats made a good haul at
the depot for the Sacramento River boats
last Sunday. They got under the wharf I
in a boat and then clambered up a pile.
A large quantity of wine and canned
goods was secured and passed down into
the boat. When all that could be com
fortably carried away was secured the
thieves departed in peace. Strange to say,
about the time the robbery is supposed
to have been committed Agent of the
Steamers White was within a hundred '
yards of the depot talking to some !
friends. The harbor police are now on
the trail of the stolen goods.
The battleship lowa is being made
ready to go on the drydock. The schoon- >
ers Shasta, Alpine and Solano were in
spected yesterday and to-day they will go
alongside the battleship to receive 450
tons of ammunition. They will then sail
up to Mare Island and discharge their
load. After the lowa has been cleaned
i and overhauled the munitions of war will
be brought down from the navy yard and
■ put aboard again. Everything possible is ■
being taken out of the battleship in order ,
to lighten her so that there may be no I
difficulty in getting her into the dry
dock. •=> '
An experiment that has proved a great
BUCCess in Hawaii anil Manila is to be
tried in Fiji. In the former places all the
work on the plantations is done by mules,
but in Fiji the horse i-s still employed.
The nobler animal does not stand the cli
mate well and the cost of horseflesh adds
considerable to the price of sugar in Fiji.
The planters are now going to try the
mules and thirty-two of the animals will
leave here on the Moana to-morrow.
They WHI be taken as far as Auckland,
X. '/.., where they will be. given a week's
rest, after which they will be put aboard
another steamer and sent on to Suva.
Fiji. Should the experiment prove to be
a success the shipment of mules by the
Australian steamers will become a regu
lar thing.
Captain McLeod of the brig Lurline and
Captain Nelson of the barkentine Wrest
ler are not satisfied as to which com
mands the fastest ship. The Lurline made
the run hen- from the islands in nine
teen and one-half days on her last trip.
while It took the Wrestler twenty-three
days to come up. Captain Nelson blames
the light winds he ran Into, and Bays the
Wrestler can easily beat the Lurline.
Hoth vessels sail for the islands to-mor
row, and as they are in good trim th.v
should, make a fast run down. The bet
ting is all in favor of the hrlg.
The long-looked-for hark Diamond
Head made port yesterday. She left Hon
olulu on April 10. and while the Consuelo
and Alice- Cook, which arrived on the.
10th inst., made the run in fifteen and
seventeen daya respectively, it took her
thirty-six days to cover the distance.
Captain Ward reports light winds and
calms to May 6. after which he had a
succession of north-northwest gales. The
Diamond Head went direct to Oakland to
discharge.
The steam schooner Lakme ran amuck
at Howard street wharf yesterday. She
came in from Tacoma, and while mak
ing a landing the tide swung her around
and she crashed into the pier. The iili
boom went through the shed and a num
ber of piles and stringers were carried
away. The vessel was not damaged.
Child Falls Fifty Feet.
OAKLAND, May 15.— Little Edle Marr,
the five-year-old daughter of William
Man', a letter-carrier, fell from the upper
deck of the vessel City of Dawson this
morning into the black mud below,
miraculously escaping a horrible death.
The City of Dawson is anchored near
Hay & Wright's ship yard in the estuary.
She is a three-decked vessel, and this
morning while Mrs. Marr was visiting
Captain and Mrs. Smith on the craft the
child slipped under the railing of the
upper dock and fell into the mud. a dis
tance of fifty feet below. The child was
recovered from the suffocating mud and
its apparently lifeless body taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where the little one
afterward revived. Not a bone was
broken, and save a contusion on the left
cheek which closed the eye on that side
and a few abrasions on the lower limbs
the little girl is sound as ever.
■ ♦ «
THE WHEELMEN'S BULLETIN.
Riders Who Will Be Eligible to Com
pete in Open Races After This
Month.
The Racing Board of the League of
American Wheelmen has issued the fol
lowing important bulletin:
Racing men, -with the exceptions hereinafter
stated, shall not f>e eligible to compete in open
races after May 1, until they have registered
with the racing: board and have been assigned
a number, which they must insert in entry
blank, and must exhibit certificate of registra
tion to the clerk of the curse before starting,
and to any other proper official on demand.
Entrants to novice races, closed races nnd
boys under 16 years of age need not be reg
istered.
The registration fee for professionals shall
be $2 per annum.
The registration fee for amateurs who are
members at the L. A. W. shall be 50 cents;
non-members. $1 50; riders 16 and 17 years of
age, SO cents.
All applications for registration must be ac
companied by the fee and must uive the full
name, number, street, city and State address
of the applicant. Applications of members of
L. A.-W. must be accompanied by membership
ticket. Riders 16 and IT years of age must fur
nish a proper statement from their parents or
guardian certifying to their age.
One object of registration is to enforce proper
discipline and to protect racing men from
"ringers," schemers «nd ineligible parties at
tempting to compete against them under as
sumed names.
Death of William C. Allen.
ALAMEDA, May ir>.— William C. Allen
died late Saturday night at the home of
his daughter, Mrs. G. W. Bateman, 1577
Railroad avenue. He was a native of
Pennslyvania, aged SI years.
PSYCHOLOGY CANNOT
OVERLOOK THE SOUL
SO SAYS PROFESSOR DEWEY
OF CHICAGO.
A Noted Eastern Scholar Delivers the
Annual Lecture on Philosophy
at the University of
California.
BERKELEY, May 15.— Harmon Gym
nasium on the university campus was
i filled with a large audience to-night at
| tracted by the name of Professor John
| Dewey of the University of Chicago.
Professor Dewey came to California at
the invitation of the Berkeley Philo
sophical Union to deliver the annual
I public lecture on philosophy during the
! university commencement week. In the
East he has gained recognized standing
as a scholar of note, his fame resting
| upon several philosophical treatises of
| which he is the author. In the l.'niversity
of Chicago his position corresponds to
■ that of Professor George H. Howison at
Berkeley as head of the department of
philosophy.
Professor Howison introduced the dis
tinguished visitor. Professor Dewey had
chosen for a subject "Psychology and
i Philosophical Method." His address was
a somewhat technical discussion intended
to point out the limits and proper meth
! ods of procedure of psychology as a
science. The lecturer took exception to
two prevailing views current With regard
to the subject. The first, termed sensa
tional psychology, he criticized as utterly
disregarding the value of the soul and
the dignity of human life.
"The scientist Who regards the soul
merely as states of consciousness Of
such." he said, "is like a man who would
study the eye without ever recognizing
that' the eye was made for sight. He
imight make an exhaustive analysis of its
1 cells and of its parts with their relations
i to one another, but unless he proceeded
I upon the basis that all these cells and all
! the various and intricate parts were only
1 significant in their bearing upon the func
tion of seeing, he would be lost in hope
i less and useless details. These, while
valuable from a scientific standpoint.
i could have no interest for actual human
; life. He would be studying the eye as
such, disregarding its connection with
I the complete experience of actual vision."
Spiritualism, the opposite extreme to
j this view, Professor Dewey pronounced
las equally false. They were both, he de-
clared, the source of all the scandals con
nected with psychology, the one leading
to the denial of the sou!'/ existence and
hence to agnosticism and skepticism, and
the other supporting theories and conclu
sions' rejected by common-sense,
As against these two extremes Profes
sor Dewey favored a middle course de
signed to take into account all the deeper
issues of life, the loving, doubting, striv
ing, the searching aft*?r ideals and living
up to them, which constitute the basis of
an unseen yet nevertheless eternally real
existence. Along these lines, he conclud
ed, psychology ought to proceed in an at
tempt to study the individual as spirit
ually related to God and to humanity.
France's New President.
President I^oubet, the new President of
■France, i?, if anything;, calm, sane, a trifle
bonrgeola and utterly devoid of sense of self
importance. But there is a strong and irre
sistible will behind his bland faoe, and he
looks like a man who would infuse into run
down French politics as much vigor and new
life as Hostetter's Stomach Bitters will into
the run-down system of any one who uses it.
It is an absolute cure for the worst of all
stomach disorders.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For. sale by druggists.
Writ's Indian VesetaDle Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
■who have used them for forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTI-
PATION. Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pim-
ples and purify, the blood*
: ADVERTISEMENTS.
; £§|§| CARTERS.
SICK gfEADAG§.E
! Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
I Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
-1 ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
! Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
i Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose. \
' Small Price.
r^^V»"\ If *& JNo KNIFE or PAIN \
' \ \ ° Pay until GUBED
rsssssßHßsth*^i woman' s breast is !
*ua^^^^^^|3 cancer. Faceandlip
kEB also common places j
S. R. CH AMLE V, M. D., 25 Third St., S. F.
j SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
Ijg^^Dß. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
M£J|T«ffi Five hundred reward for any
I™' case we cannot cure. This secret
H^^ bw^B remedy stops all losses in 24
**" Blfi hour?, curry Emissions, Impo-
7«ni 7hl tency, Varicocele, Gonorrhoea,
TJB3H 3HT O'eet, Fits. Strictures. Lost
jPSLJBbK Manhood and all wasting effects
Fa.. i"i ■■-« 0 ( self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle: •' bottles. >■"•: guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
tor sale at 1073% Market St.. S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
C.E. Festival Concert !
400. VOICES. SPECIAL SOLOISTS.
EXPOSITION BUILDING, OAKLAND
14th and Webster sis., nr. Narrow Gauge depot. j
TUESDAY, MAY IG.
ADMISSION 50c. I
— I
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, :
(»!i."» KEARNY ST, Established !
In 1854 for the treatment of Privato
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
d isease woaringun bodyaad mind
Skin Diseases, The doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low
CnrrKsuarnnlrrd. Cullorwrlte. '
JJr. J- t? «iIBBOS- Hi>*l i*J57. Sri; Francisco
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California
i Limited
! Connecting 1 Train Leaves San \
I Francisco via Los Angeles at 5 ,
■ P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES- '
i day. Friday.
, Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following- Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1:3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob- ;
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is in Addition to the Daily !
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKETTFFICE— 628 MARKET SI, i
TELEPHONE MAIN 1 1581.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St. ;
j
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
AMUjMiMAaB VIA THE
■ lilt Union Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
* •
, BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
' PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
I ONLY Pi DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco daily at 6 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1899, trains will run as follows]
South-bound. " North-bound.
r Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
j ger. I Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
i Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pmi 6:00 pm
9:10 am) 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:36 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:?S ami 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
.. 2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakerslleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
I 11:09 am 6:25 pm Vlsalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
" 12:15 pm I 6:5$ pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pm
L" Stopping at intermediate points as required.
1 For particulars of stage and other connections
. Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 821 Market
. \treet. San Francisco.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saiualit* Ferry.
* Commencing April 23, 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALL~ .
1 AND SAN RAFAEL.
I WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, *8:00, »9:30. 11:00 a. m. ;
. '1:45, 3:20, 4:00, X 15, *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
, Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
' and Sund_vs, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
! SUNDAYS -*B:' »9:00 *10:00, 11:00 11:30
' a. m. : 1:00. »1:45. *2:30,- »4:00, 5:30, 6:15 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does r.ot run to S'n Raf'l Sundays.
: 6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
1 Trains marked <*) run to San .entin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
; WEEK DAYS— S:2S, *6:40 7:55, 8:40. »ie:2o
a. m.: 12:30. 2:45, *3 " 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 r 1 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, »8:00. *9:45. *10:45. »11:45
a. m., 1:00. 2:20, »3:30. *5:15. '6:00, 7:00, 10:15
p. m.
, Trains marked <*) start from San Quentln.
' FROM MILL VALLKY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:43, 6:50. ' 7:55, 8:55, 10:S5
a. m. : 12:35, 2:45, 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 1G.:20 p m.
• SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00.- 11:10 a. m. 12:05.
I 1:20. 2:40, 3:55. 6:30, iSO, 10:20 p. m.
) THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and wav sta'ns.
> 3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
> 5:15 d. m. week .days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
• 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
i 1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta' tie.
AUCTION SALES.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
EMPORIUM HORSE MARKET,
220 VALENCIA ST..
FRIDAY, MAY 19, AT 11 A. M.,
We will sell
Sixty head of horses from Santa Anita Ranch.
Holllster, from 5 to 7 years old, weighing from
1100 to 1600 pounds.
We call the attention of all parties wishing to
get first-class sound horses to call and examine
this stock, as. they are the best lot of horsea
ever offered in this State.
Among the lot are several first-class driving:
%nd livery horses sired by Benton Boy; also
heavy draught, truck and carriage horses. Cat-
alogues will be ready Tuesday.
No reserve or limit.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE,
Livestock Auctioneers.
Office 327 Sixth st., San Francisco.
FURNITURE 16 ROOMS.
THIS DAY (TUESDAY), AT 11 A. M.'.
212 SECOND ST., NEAR HOWARD.
FRANK W. nUTTERFIELP. 667 Market st.
TJATTYftOrVD TBAYZL. »t <$•]
«OIT1IM;> I'A( IH< (OllfAM.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train* leave nnd are due to arrive at
MAN FRAHCIMCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From Mat 7, 1839. — areit*
7:OOa. Benicia. Suignn and Sacramento.. . . 5:45p
~M»\ Marysville, Ororillaaud Kedding tl»
Woodland v 5:45p
?:<M»a. rimlra, Vacaville and Rumsey 8:43»
7:aoA Martinez, San Kamon, Vallejo. Napa,
Caltstoga nud Santa Rosa 6:15p
»»:<»««. Atlautic Express, Ugilen and Kaat.. tt:43p
UtIWA Han .luge, Ltv-rmore, BUKkU)ii,
lone, .Sacramento Placerrille,
Mnrysvllle, Chico, Ke<U!luir 4il3r
8:»Oa *Milton, Oakdale and Konora 4:15p
»:OO\ Hay wards, Niks and Way Stations. 11:13 a
O:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 12:13»
• :O«a Fresno, lialierslieM, Santa llarlmra.
Los Angeles, Demlag, Xl Pago,
New (Means and East 6:4.1p
1O:OOa Tall. Martinez and Way Htationa ~:13r
1 1 :OO.\ Haywards, If iles and Way Stations. 14: 1.1
1 2:00 ii Hlles, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalla,
PcrterviUe 4:lBp
"IrWOr Sacramento Uivet Steamers *Bsoop
3:OOp Haywards, Nilea and Way Stations. 8:45r
4:<li)r Martinez, Han Ramon, Vallejo,
Hapa, Callfttnga, SttUtaltnoa 11:15 a
4i»«p Benicia, VaoaTille, .Sacramento,
Woodland, Knighta Landing,
Maryaville, OroTille 1O:4I»A
4:3opNlles, San Jose and Stockton 7:13p
4:30p Yosemita Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13p
0:OOp Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:13p
O:O«tp Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
M. javo and J.os Angeles 8:43 a
5:0« - .Santa Fo IJniite, Atlantic ICxprew
for Mojave ami East C:43p
6:00p Tbo Owl. Fresno, rstield. San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles »:43a
8:OOi« Kiirnpeaii Mall, Ogden and Hast 9:43 a
6:00p Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7:43 a
•0:OOi- Vallejo 12:15p
7 :OOi> Oregon Kxi>reßS,Hacraniento, Marys-
\lll-. Bedding, I'l.i-tlKini, l'uget
fjoiindwid East 7:43 a
{H:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and "Way Sta-
tious , 1 1 o:r>Op
(OAST DIVISION (SnrroTT (Janjre).
(Foot of Market Street.) '
J7:45a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Station! :»iO3»
8:15 a Newark.C-enterville, San Jose, ton.
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3:30»
*3il3p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Houlder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "10:30 a
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions :20a
Mi 13p Felton, Bant* Cruz and Way Bta-
tioiis / 9:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN FIUKCISCO— Feet or Market Street (Slip 8) —
*7:15 f.-OO 11:00 A.M. U:00 *2:00 t3:0O
•4:00 J5:00 -J5.00.-.M.
ftomOAKUSD— Foot or Bro»dw«j.—-tKOO 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tIS:QQ ■ '1:00 t2:CO «3:00 t*:C3 *5:00iMI.
COAST DIVISION (Broad fiauge).
(Third and Townaend Hti.)
•6:1Oa Ocean View, South San Francisco. . »6:30»
*7:OOa Han Josa ami Wny Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:30»
J7:30.\ Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz,. Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations {8:33*
»:OO* Man Jose, Tre.i Pliioa, Hants Cruz,
Pacillo Ornve, Paso Ilohles. Kan
' l.nisOliiKpn. (liiada'ui'P, Surf and
Principal Way .Stations 4ilOp
10:10* San Joss and Way .Stations «9:OOa
11:80 a San Jose and Way Stations S:UOP
*»:43pSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .Inge,
Qilroy, Holiister, Saute Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey ami PaciQc
Grove *10:36 a
•BiSOp San Jose and Way Stations *9:0Oa
•4:15p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations »: 15a,
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
3:»0r San Jose and Principal Way Stations "S:3sa
San Jose and Way Stations 7::i<»p
t11:45i- San Jose and Way Stations.. ** 7:»0p
A for Morning. P for A fternoon.
• Sunday excepted. t Sunday only. t Saturday only.
bSaturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday
:
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 8:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a, m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays Extra trips at
1:56 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40, 5:06.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
came schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
■ April 16, >
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, '10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pni| 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:0". pm 10:25 am
6:10 inn 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. ■ 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Oeygerville,
3:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pro
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am
3.30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and I
6:10 pm| 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm 6:20 pm
[mI i i
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm! 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaßgs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's.
Bucknell'?. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville,
Booneville, Philo. Christine. Soda Springs,
Navarro WWtesboro, Albion. Little River,
Ott'" Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Brags.
Westport. Usal. Wlllitts. Laytonvllle, Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bids;.
II C WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
MEXICAN INTERNATIONAL RAILROAD
•EAGLE PASS ROUTE."
The shortest standard-gauge line and fastest
time between principal cities la the United
States and Mexico.
No chance of cars at the frontier. Through
Pullman buffet sleeping cars dally between San
Antonio. Texas, and the City of Mexico and
Monterey. Direct line to Monterey, Durango.
Zacatecas, Aquas Callentes. San Luis Potosl.
Guadalajara and City of Mexico. All trains
met at frontier by representative of general
passenger department to attend to Inspection
of baggage, exchange of money, etc.
For further information call on or address
any agent of the Southern Pacific Company
or C. K. DUNLAP.
General Freight and Passenger Aprent.
Eagle Pass. Texas.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry, * i
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1- '.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m. -■ -
SUNDAYS, 8, 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2: JO
and 4 p. m.
Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agts., 621 Market sb
910
A NEW SCHEME
TO CIRCUMVENT
THE SCAVENGERS
Monopoly Wanted by
Reduction Works.
I
ASK SUPERVISORS TO ACT i
A FAR-REACHING ORDINANCE j
PROPOSED.
Gas Bills Laid Over for Another •
Week Other Business of a
Purely Routine Char
acter.
♦
The proprietors of the Sanitary Reduc- !
tion Works have asked the Board of Su- !
pervlsors to pass an ordinance requiring
oil persons to pay 20 cents a cubic foot
for the destruction of fuse and garbage
of every description. The proprietors of •
the reduction works had drafted an or- '
finance, ami his was presented to the
board at its meeting •-■■;■ afternoon. |
Hy its provisions the proposed ordinance I
makes i: a misdemeanor punishable by !
line and imprisonment for any person to i
deposit on the ground or in the water
over which the city has jurisdiction any
kind of rubbish: garbage or offal, includ
ing ashes, tin cans, broken crockery and ;
so on down the list of such things that
may or may not be considered under the
Kciicral head of ''garbage.'.' Having so j
ordained; the proposed law requires that,
articles arid matter of the kind and de- j
scription enumerated shall be transported
to the plant of the Sanitary Reduction
Works and there deposit^ for incinera
tion) the owners of the garbage being re
quired to pay not less than 20 cents per |
cubic yard to the owners of the reduction '
works for the garbage thus deposited.
The proposed ordinance was referred to
the Health and Police Committee for con- j
slderation. Jt will, no doubt, be mad( the !
basis of a vigorous protest from the j
garbage men, scavengers and property |
owners, for by Its provisions it makes j
every householder, storekeeper and. in i
fact, almost every adult person in the j
city an involuntary contributor to the
business of the Sanitary Reduction Works j
at a price iix-Mi without apparent refer
ence to the cost of the service offered in
return;
At the suggestion of Mayor Phelan, an i
amendment to the proposed ordinance was '
offered in the shape of a specification i
making ii incumbent upon the City Engi- ;
neer to measure all scavenger carts and \
certify as to their capacity, which ( erl I- \
ricatlon shall be taken by the reduction
works as official and final.
A resolution was adopted directing the j
City and County Engineer to make a sur- i
vey of Holly Park and pare plans and ,
specifications for the improvement of the I
park. ;
The contract for furnishing fresh beef
to the City and County Hospital and the
Almshouse for the next fiscal year was j
let tii F. Pat< !; & Co. at a contract price
of 0 63-100 cents per pound. The contract
for supplying mutton to thtse institu
tions was let to Hoffmann & VS'oenne at
7!; cents per pound.
Permission was granted the Central j
Light and Power Company to use crude j
petroleum for fuel and to store the same
under proper conditions.
Perrault's motion 10 reconsider the vote
by which the resolution to provide the 1
bum of $50,000 in the next tax levy for im i
proving certain districts in the Mission j
was passed at the last meeting of the I
board was lost. Perrault stated that i:' j
the amount asked for were granted it I
would be impossible to keep within the |
dollar limit to which all the. members of !
The board were pledged.
The several motions made by Super
visors I .ackmai and Perrault to recon- j
shier the vote by which the bills of the |
San Francisco Uas and Electric Com- j
pany for December, January, February
and March were ordered paid were lost,
und he bills again came up. They were j
passed to print by a vole of 7 to .'., Super- j
visor Lackmann giving notice of a motion i
to reconsider ii. each i as. . The vote j
stood: Ayes— geltinger. Attrldge, Black,
Collins. Holland. Kalben and Phelps. |
Noes— Deasy, Bylngton, Hi-yer, Lack- ,
mann and PerraultJ
The matur of reducing the March bill '
of the Spring Valley Water Company on ■
account of surplus payments made on ac- j
count of Alia Plaza and Alamo square j
was laid over for one week for further ;
Investigation.
A permit was granted the firm of Gray i
Bros, to make certain alterations In their J
rock-crushing plant on Army street, so
as to conform with commendations
made by the Street Committee.
The City and Count Attorney was In- ;
structed to appear for the board In the I
suit brought by the Evening Post to re
strain The board from granting the. con
tract for printing the. delinquent tax list
to the Star.
Supervisor Bylngton introduced an ordi
nance making It necessary for property
owners to put such devices upon sidewalk
elevators as will insure against accident
and loss of life.
A permit was granted the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club to conduct a boxing
exhibition this evening.
Supervisor 1 lever introduced an ordi
nance providing for the dumping of the
contents of cesspools In the bay at some
point to be designated jjj; the State Board
of Harbor Commissioners.
PETITIONS REFERRED.
The following petition: were received md re- '
frrn il to the proper committees: Mary Eliza
beth Ottens, fur h confirmatory .|.-.-.i to a por
tion of Mission block 138; Michael Ilannan for
permission to extend steps on sidewalk 8 10-12
feet in from of premises un the southeast side j
of Bryant street. feet southwest from Har
riet; estate of Egbert Judson. deceaseO; for the
refunding of the Bum of 1238 5", duplicate pay
ment of taxes on real estate; property-owners,
for the repaying of Folsom street, between
Third and Beale; Dr. Shapiro's Herb Institute,
for permission to maintain an opening In the
sidewalk for purposes of ventilation at 1207
Market street; Lewis i rat;/, for permission to
extend show window in front of premises 32
Stockton street twelve Inches over the Bide
walk; property-owners; for a water main and
a gas main in Walter street, from Thirteenth
to Fourteenth, tire hydrants at the corner of
Thirteenth ami Walter and at the cornel of
Fourteenth and Walter and two additional)
strret lamr>s In the same street; Charles B.
Tldball, for $-.'• damages sustained by the
bursting of the sewer in Height street, between
Gough and Octavia; W. S. Covy, for permission
to- move a building from Washlnetoin and
Devlsadero streets to Broadway and I'Yanklln;
property-owners, asking to be awarded dam
ages caused by changing the official grade of
Henry street, between Noe and Sanchez; Cen
tral Loan Company, for permission to place a
pole and electric light In front of premises hi
129 Powell street.
PROTESTS RECEIVED.
The following protests were received and re
ferred: M. P. .Tones, against the construction
of a sewer In York street, between Twenty
sixth and Army streets: property owners
against the construction or ■ sewer In Grove
street, between Scott and Devlsadero; property
owners against any change of Oh- grade on
Henry street: Peter J. Flnley against award-
Ing the contract for the grading of the cross-
Ing of Leaven worth and Francisco streets.
CONTRACTS AWARDED
The following contracts were awarded: Grad
inK southerly half of the crossing of Leaven
worth and Dovisadero streets, William Price
49 7-10 cents a cubic yard; paving with bitu
men crossing of Spruce and Clay streets.
Pacific Paving Company, i.V cents a square
foot; paving with bitumen the crossing of
Spruce and Washington streets. Pacific Pav
ing Company, 15% cents a square foot.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS AWARDED.
The following private contracts were award
ed: Williams. Baker & Co.. to construct an
eight-Inch Ironstone pipe sewer in .1 street,
between Seventh and Eighth avenues, and In
X street, between Eighth and Ninth avenues;
fame to construct an eight-inch, twelve-inch
and fourteen-lnch Ironstone pipe sewer in ths
crossing of Eighth avenue and K-«treet; John
Oreeley, to regrade, remacadamize, etc., Ninth
avenue, between Point Lobos avenue and Cle
ment street.
RESOLUTIONS OF INTENTION.
The following resolutions of intention to per
form street work were passed: Grading Denial
Park to the nftli'ln! line and grade; laying stone
Fldewalks on the easterly side of Scott street,
between Fulton and Hayes; laying basalt block
WAS WOUNDED
AT CALOOCAN
Frank P. Barbee Accompanied John A.
Gibbon to His Death.
6 X MONO the wounded at Cajoor-nn
* j\ was Frank I. Barbee, a San
* h\ Francisco boy. Tie and John A.
* ■*• ■*- Gibbon belonged to the Hospital
1 '"rps. and while they were removing
* a captain of the Montana regiment
£ from the battlefield Gibbon was shot
.. through the heart and killed Instantly,
* while Barbee was wounded In the leg.
f In a letter to bis brother Barbee tells
: . : . of the battle and the killing of his
g comrade. He says:
f> "When we lay down we were told
9{c not to take our shoes off. About 2
;, in we were railed out and sent
■ after some wounded men and brought
£ them in. <mi was wounded In the
loulder and the other in the hip.
* Then we were Bent to Block House n,
: a long, narrow road, through rice
elds, where they were fighting like
* . I tell you the Fourteenth in
fantry did light. They lost a lot of
' men. but they kept on like heroes and
trried the point. They did not even
♦• get thanked for what they did, simply
because they were regulars. I don't
'; think those boy.B were treated right.
. When they charged that block hous*
ii ought to have seen the niggers
They piled oui of there thicker than bees, and maybe the boys didn't
* cut them down. * * •
A i ,;uple of days after that we were sont out with the Kansas and $
" Montana boys, the day they made their charge and captured Caloocan and *
* nil the railroads. John Gibbon of San Francisco and I were sent out to
„;.' bring a wounded Montana captain across the field. A rain of bullets was
<§> falling around US, and one of them struck John in the breast and went clean *
* through his heart, lie was one of the best boys in the hospital corps and we Q
'.*' fell his loss terribly. • • • *
"1 was shot in the leg;, but am getting along all right. Don't tell mother %
* or any of them I was wounded. They would worry terribly. You know how 4>
*' they are when anything happens. * * • 1 just poked a fellow in the jaw an *
.';'. H.mr ago, bo you Bee I am not very bad. He got too fresh about our camp, 2
1 let Mm ha\ c It." <•>
foung Barbee threw up a good position with a San Francisco company #
: tv go to the war and the place is open for him whenever lie. returns. '.*
■'.-
M . . . . . . -■ . . . • . it ... ■• .. ...-. . .v . • . . at . .-. . tk
gutterwaya en Kearny street, between Clay
and Washington, and paving roadway with
bituminous rock; paving Washington street.
between K-ani' and Montgomery, with bitu
minous :■..;, Merchant street, between Kearny
and Montgomery, same: laying sidewalks on
fifteenth Btreet, between Noe and Castro; also
vu Noe, between Henry and Sixteenth; also on
Colllngwood, between Eighteenth and Nine
teenth; also on Ashbury, between Frederick
and Waller; also on Broadway, between Fill
more and Steiner; also on Colllng-wood, between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth; also on Seven
teenth, between Noe and Sanchez; paving the
crossing of Jackson and Lyon streets with bitu
minous rock; laying granite curbs on Sixteenth
street, between Noe and Castro, and paving
the roadway with basalt blocks; paving the
roadway of Seventeenth, between Douglass
street and Clara avenue, with basalt; grading
the crossing of Bennlngton and Newman
streets and sewering the same with a ten
inch sewer: also grading and sewering- cross-
Ing of Bennlngton and Ellert streets; construct
ing a twelve-inch sewer in the crossing of
Cortland avenue and Benntngton street; laying
an eighteen-lnch sewer in Castro street, be
tween Twenty-sixth and Army, to connect with
the Twenty-sixth-street sewer; laying a ten-
Inch sewer in Grove street, between Scott and
1 isadero; laying a fourteen-lnch sewer in
Twenty-third street,, between Rhode Island and
1 ..■ Hiiro; paving Beaver street, between No*
and i 'astro, with basalt; paving Burritt street,
from Hush to the southerly termination of Bur
ritt, with bituminous rock; paving Central
avenue, between Fulton and McAllister, with
bituminous rock; paving Liberty street, be
tween Valencia and Guerrero, with bituminous
rock.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED.
The street Superintendent recommended the
performance of the following street work:
Stanford Heights avenue, grading between Cor
bett avenue and Twenty-seventh street, red
wood curb and macadam: Twenty-seventh
street, between Stanford Heignta and Stanyan
avenues, .grading roadway and sidewalks mac
adamized, redwood curb; Stanyan avenue, be
tween Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth
street?, grading, redwood curb and macadam
izing: Twenty-eighth street, between Stanyan
and Twin Peaks avenues, grading, redwood
curb and macadamizing; Twin Peaks avenue,
between Twenty-eighth and Valley streets.
grading, redwood curb and macadamizing; !
Valley street, between Twin Peaks and Glen
avenues, grading, redwood curb and macadam
izing; Stevenson street, from Tenth to termina- I
tion of said street between Ninth and Tenth.
eight-Inch Ironstone pipe sewer to connect with
sewer in Tenth street; Eighteenth street, be
tween Church and Noe, artificial sidewalks;
Sanchez street, between Market and Eigh
teenth, artificial stone sidewalks; Sixteenth
street between Church and Sanchez, artificial
stone 'sidewalks; Worth street, between Twen
ty-second and Twenty-ilrst. eight-inch iron
stone'pipe sewer to connect with sewer in
Twenty-second street; Burrlt street, between
Bush and southerly termination of Hurrit
street ten-inch ironstone pipe sewer to con
nect With sewer In Bush street, and construc
tion of culvert at end of Burrlt street; A
street between Sixth and Seventh avenues,
grading, redwood curb and macadamizing: Cal
ifornia street, between Nineteenth and Twenti- j
eth avenues, grading, redwood curbs and mac
adamizing: Chapultepec street, between Earner
alda and Coso avenues, grading, redwood curbs,
macadamizing and eight-inch ironstone pipe
sewer.
WORK FINALLY ACCEPTED.
The following street work was finally ac
cented-Page street, Ashbury to Clayton, bitu
men: crossing Page and Ashbury streets, bitu
men: crossing Golden Gate avenue and Lyon
street- Greenwich street. Pierce to Scott,
basalt- Eighteenth street. Church to Sanchez,
ftumen- Kansas street. Alameda to Fifteenth,
la «H: Kansas street. Fifteenth to Sixteenth
basalt; crossing of Kansas ana Fifteenth
streets, basalt.
ACCEPTANCE RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
for acceptance the following street work:
Spruce street, from Clay to Sacramento, paved
with bitumen and basalt, private contract : 1 a
cific Paving Company; Twenty-third street,
from Folsom to Harrison, bitumen, private,
City Street Improvement Company.
TIME EXTENSION RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
the following extensions of time for the per
formance of street work: Berkshire street,
'™ng of Southern Pacific Railroad ninety
.lavs to Quinby & Harrison on contract to con
struct a concrete arch bridge.
COMMUNICATIONS REFERRED.
The following communications were received
and referred A. O. Walsh, favoring the order
prohibiting Tine sprinkling Of bitumen-payed
hi reels- City and County Attorney, that the
repaying of the nine-foot strip in the center of
Bush street must be done by the city, the Sut
ter-Btreel Railway Company being relieved of
' th« 'obligation by the forfeiture of Its franchise
I in wad street; same, advising that the pur
chase of the property on Howard street near
Third, for the use of the Fire Department, has
been completed.
MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS.
A resolution was adopted requesting the
Spring Valley Water Company to lay a main
or not less than eight Inches and place hy
drants In the following places: Corners Dia
mond and Castro streets, Diamond and Sussex,
Diamond and Surrey. Diamond and Cnenery,
1 Diamond and Berkshire, Martin and Sussex
and Douglass and Sussex. *
All bids for artificial stone sidewalks on the
northeast corner of McAllister and Buchanan
streets were rejected.
The California-street Cable Company was or
dered to repair the pavement on California
street between Montgomery and Battery.
The' city Engineer was directed to survey
Dewey boulevard and to file a plat of the same
with the Almshouse Superintendent; Rlso to
make a diagram of fences about the Baldwin
Hotel for use In court: also la plan construc
tion of coping about Holly Park; also to pre
pare plans for the improvement of Holly Park.
The' Superintendent of Streets was directed
to cause Flinn & Treacy, contractors for con
structing the sewer in Eighteenth avenue, be
tween Point Lobos avenue and II street, and
the Sutro Railroad Company to put said street
in good condition.
■ A resolution closing Camillo place was passed.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Laura P. Roe to Klrkham Wright, lot on NE
corner of Pacific and Scott streets. E >vj by N
127:8%; $10.
Mary Naciuieall to M. Salomon, lot on W
line ol West Broderick street, 55 feet N of Post,
N 27:f. by W ii'»; $i«.
M«y E and Frederick W. Bridge to Duan.
L Bliss, lot NE corner Broadway and Bakei
Btreet B 40 by N 13C; $10.
Daly & Hawkins (by John 11. Grady, Tax
I Collector) to John .1. Bonner, lot on E line •>
Baker street, S4 feet N of Broadway, N 01!, 1
63". SE r,:i:6. W Tn. tax deed; |6.
jdhn J. Bonn»r to William Levlston, .'.l-rnt,
lot 3 In Western Addition .'.47 (.Fame), grant.
James H. Johnson to UciUa E. Cook, lot on
W line of Noe street, 123 N of Twentieth, N 2
by w IS: $10.
Batata Of Mlehael J. Ueaphey (by NelUe A
Heapnej administratrix) to William C. Ham
merton lot on S line of Day street, ISO feet !
Ol N.e.' X T- by .s 114: $2635.
Clara C. Simpson to J C Rogers, lot on N
line (jf Twenty-first street, .'.O feet E of Eurekn
E 25 by N !i7:C: $1000.
ly.uis Burnstine vs. Amelia M. and Henn
Radln, K\ a M. und A, Kamp and Ida Mar. v
ib\ Samuel P. Middleton. referee) to ("atheilr.
Johnstone, lot on \'W line of Polsom street,
NE of Ninth. NX LT, by NAY 90; $37.10.
Louis Bumstine. Ida Marcos, Amelia M. Ka
din and Eva M. Kamp to same, name: $10.
ilurgarct A. and P. J. Martin to Alexander
THE SA>i FK AX CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 16, 1899.
P Morrison, lot on E corner Japan and Moscow
Btreets, NI-: 150 by SE iw, lut 4, block So, Ex
celsior Homestead: $m.
Joseph N. Atherton hm.] Thomas F. Chatfield
to J, A. Miller, lot SO, block 6, and lot L' 3, blot-li
15, Lake\iew Tract, qultcluim deed; JlO.
Charles H. Maddox to Alexander Warner,
lot on S line ox Lombard street, 110:8% E of
Van N,-^ avenue, E 159:3%, S lu-!:S, SW 20:2,
SW 75, SW ST. N 166; SH».
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to William
Jones, lot commencing 60 s of Halght street
and 18( W ol Broderick, W 110, i~E to point,
X 6<\ S 60; $10.
Alameda County.
Alfr.-.l and Elvina Wood to E. C. Thurber,
lot on NE line of Glen avenue, £05.79 BE of
Webster Btreet (or Piedmont avenue}, NE
142.12, 4S, thenoe at right angles 13^ to NE
line of Glen avenue, NW 19.58 to liesinnin^.
being lot 20 and portion of lot 19. nn Map Of
Subdivision lota 2, :i 4 and 42, Glen Kcho Tract
Map 2, ' Oakland; $10.
Same to Sidney M. York, l"t on NIC line of
<;u-n avenue, 32n:7 SK of Webster street (or
mt avenue). NE 106.40, NW ij'j. SW
132, SE 64.72, to beginning, being SE portion
of lot l*. .in Map of Subdivision lots 2, 3. 4
and 4L\ Olen Echo Tract Map J. Oakland: $10
Jacob and Jeruah Browning to F. H. Rice,
lot on E line ol San Pablo avenue, 308.24 s
of Porty-flret Btreet, s 124.44 by E 249.70, being
lot 2 ..r H. C. Dohr's Ilomestead, Oakland
Township; $10.
Mrs. A. M. Remington to Maty M. Brock
liate (wife or J. P.), lot on N lin>- Of Fortieth
street, IS2 E ■■: Gi ive EC 32 bj N II". being l"t
10, Resubdivlsion of Montgomery, Oakianl;
pift.
Alice M. and A E. Wilkinson to George n
Barrett. lot on SE orner of East Fourteenth
street and Eleventh avenue. !•: 50 by S '". block
41, Clinton, East Oakland; SI".
Fletcher A. and l>lle Flaherty to Margaret
I. Grant, lot on NW line of Jones street, 4:.;.
sw from SW line ot county road known us
Pennlman avei ue, SW 26 by NW 126, being por
tion <jf Allendale Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$lv.
Fred and Mathilde Hartung to Anne Deblcke,
lot on SB corner of Pacific avenue and Pros
treet, E ts:l% by S 160, Ix-ing lots 11 and
12, block IJ, Map of Property of E. B. Mastick,
Alameda; $10.
Laura A. I'irney tn Arthur L. Wlnkler, lot
on SE line of Lorentz avenue, uim;:s NE from
]■; line d San ' andro road, NE 50 by SE 125,
t.eing Idls :i7 and 3s. mat) of resurvey of lln
f.ih's subdivision, lots 22, 23 and -4. Kingsland
Tract, Broi id; n Township; ■
• jlllH-rt L. i urtlas to Bert L. t'urtiss. lot ..n
W line ..f Campbell street. 2« N of Lincoln, W
115 S :'•;. E 115, N 26 t>> beginning, tukland;
gift.
The...i..re Wagner (administrator ..f the es
tate ..i Ellen Boyle. Timothy Boyle and Frances
Hall) by o mmlssloner, to Ciaudlne Wilson, lot
on E line of Fifth otreet, 14V N of Allison, N
94 by E 136, being lots 20 and 21, block 106, Sls
terna Tract, Berkeley; $636.
Louis and Bridget Selby to Mary Matthews,
lot on W line of Brush street. 51:10 V& N of
Seventeenth, S 51 10H by W 110, b*Mng lot 1".
block K. Oakland Kninn Homestead Associa
tion lands. Oakland; $3000.
Pauline Bockelmann to Robert Bishop, lot on
E line of Tw.-ifth street, 150 S from s line .-f
land* of Baxter, thence i: 50, S to N line of
avenue il'h feet wide traversed by Berkeley
branch railroad, thence W to E line of Twelfth
Btreet, N 105.12 to beginning, bi< . k it. Beaudry
and Peladeau property, Oakland; $10.
Christine C. Ryden to Axel it. and Hulda E,
("ahlinn. lot on W line of Hollis street. 200 S
of B, s 5Q by w 183. being BUbdlvislona C and
I), in lot 9, block 791, Watts Tract, Man 2,
Oakland'; $10.
Builders* Contracts.
Mra. Hannah Maloney (owner) with John
Keneally (contra. -tori, architect G. H. Ratch
elder—All work for a one-story and basement
cottage on E line of Lucky street, 150 N of
Twenty-fifth, in rear of 1126 Treat avenue.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
P L Hanscom, Cal B Dowdell. S Selena
A J Holcomb, Cal :J M I'hlllips&w, Wash
Q Rueger, Benlcla w Jenson, s Diego
A Werthelmer, FresnolC E Hale. \, Ana
w Jacks & w, Montrey W Hancock <s- w, Mi.-h
G Weinberger, La W P Dwyer, Sacto
W s Pugh, Plttsburg X J Burton. Leadville
.1 Landgon, Stanford (i Tinker A w. Mo
C B Strolin. Stanford B X Knight, B cruz
r, Goodell, Stockton !G A Stone. L Ang
D Falconer, Nevada |H Hart, fkiah
W F Adams. Ogden Mrs Maltland. S Jose
<; B McCord, Hanford Mrs Place S Jose
G i: ifiddlemass, «'ai IE J Isham, Cal
M FloVshelm, Chicago F I{ Boßgs, colusa
W A Scheller, S .lose j h Glide. Sacto
c A Halght, Alameda <; H Stewart, S Jose
H Chapman, L Ang |W H West, Cal
Dr Swlggett, cal Q w Green, Cal
.! Churchill. Yreka T P Split. -r, Cal
R A Booth, Oregon L Renhardf. Spokane
U L Benson, Chicago I- W Dalrd, rtah
C Conrey, IfandsbuiK .1 W nid.lle, Cal
C H Purvis & w. <"al w Seacnm, Cal
r, h Hooper, Salt Lake J Struning, S Rosa
H J Twist. N V T Fisk & w, Sacto
Dr Ford, Roeklin X Ferguson, S Jose
(" H Smith, Boston ,T Bragni & w, T.a
V W Morse Cal Oddep & w La
F Risser, NY D w Spangler. L Ang
H C Walter &w. Cal 0 H Olufs. Fresno
<; X Maaasa, Peking IF Chittenden, Fresno
F Grainnier, Reedley i
l'V. PALACE HOTEL.
A F Stoeger. Slaaons J Simon, Portland
Mrs Sonnerman, Wash R C Studwlck. Seattle
A \\ Burnett, N V A II Hoefer. Phila
Mrs McLaughlin, Cal II L Harris, USA
Miss McLaughlin, Cal .1 P Story. IT S A
5 N Rucker, Sn Jose E T Cboke, Cal
H Knipplng. Berlin \V Torrance, N v
A N Gray. Chicago T Ewing & w, Le Ang
It 8 Buchanan, Chicago Mrs E Chllds, Ls Ant;
J W Kirk & w. N V Miss II Child. Ls Ang
C A Sherwood. N V F Mondel] & w Wyo
0 E Small, Portland I W Dagall, Utah
H E Kennedy, DC 1.1 Daggett, Cal
A Rugg. Cal F E Buchan, USA
<! Harton, Cal R T.wksbury A w, O
A Harton, Cal ■ E r Raynor A w, N V
1! Beabrooke & w. B C i W Peyton & w Wash
F Marble, New York Miss II Peyton. Wash
c Wlckwlre & w, Cal Miss M Smith. Wash
'• n ■•■•.■'<"•>->. '--l T Connell. Boston
F R Wlckwlre, Cal I "*. V Markham. Wis I
II R Rouse & w. Cal 'I R Shirley. N V
EL Farmer, Stanford '■ S M««-innlf» L- A"«r
.1 T Day Jr. Portland W X Bates, Davlsville
5 Warburton. Tacomalß II Stewart, Boston ■
R Melnclke, Milwaukee D D Black, Salinas
E C Potter. Chicago E P Silvermier, USA 1
6 II Shoninger, Chieag
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J ill &w. L Ang Mrs Prescott. Stockton
B F Rice. N M : W (5 Howard, Cal
T C Oman, Pa ' C W owartland &. w,
H A Brown. L Ans N V
J Mallory, Sacto II Frledlandpr, ill
w B Duncan. Truckle I C W Went worth, Pa
P Rogers, Marys L J Crowley, Mass .
c, Elliott, Fresno ! W H Cutter, Memphis
3 King, Ltedwa d City W S Mcßrlde, Wash
J X Suttor.. S Jose !
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVE! >.
Monday, May 16,
Stmr South Coast, Zaddart, 4ti hours from
'entui •■
Gem, Nelson. M hours from Cooa Bay
CM (MESTIC PI HITS
■1 May IS Bchr
Newark, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed May 15-Stmr Humboldt,
for Jjyea.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
vi til 12 o'clock every nifrht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; op-.n until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; oppn until 9:30 o'clock.
€21 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
fiir, Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; cpen
until 9 o'clock.
)0C Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2S2C Mission Htreet; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. coiner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until S o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M., ft
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- w^V_
ING, May 16, at 7::! ii o'clock. SiafdTTJf
meeting and R. A. degree. By order A^r y
of the 11. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and m
A. Called meeting THIS (TUES- i^i
DAY) EVENING, May 10, at i:]')SX
o'clock. D. 1. W>
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79 R. A. M.— m
Special meeting THIS (TUESDAY) ..ML.
. EVENING at Mission Masonic Temple, T& If '
2668 Mission st., 7:30 o'clock. P. M. f^T y
and M. E. M. degrees. By order of the H. P.
JNO. R. lIILLMAN. Secy. J
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. «
121 Eddy st. Meets THIS EVENING, JV.
7:30 o'clock. 2 D. KkJ^
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. ry\
ORIENTAL Ledge No. 144, F. and A. A
First degree THIS (TUESDAY) _/V-
-EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Jtl?
A. S. HUBBARD, Sec. J_^__
PARKER" Lodge No. 124, .1. O. <$<$&!&%■,
O. F.— Regular meeting THIS cgr* **£=
(TUESDAY) EVENING. Inltia-
tion. .1. A. WELLS, N. G. '^//iWv-
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board to be held on FRIDAY, Hit second day
of June, A. D. ISS9, at 11 o'clock in the fore-
noon of said day, at the principal place of
business of Bald Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the olifce of said Company,
number 327 Market st., in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of Bald meeting is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded Indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,50i>,00U), in
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of. the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. 11. SHELDON,
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt Water
Company will be held at 327 Market St., San
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the 22d day of
May. 1599. at the hour of 3 p. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Fri-
day, May 12, 1599, at 3 o'clock p. m.
, CHAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
fVfj.'e "■?' Market St.. San francisco. Cal.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
~ DIMDEND NOTICES*.
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No. 07 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the HatChinson Su-
gar Plantation Company will be payable at
the office of the company, 327 Market st., on
and after SATURDAY, May 20. 1599. Trans-
fer books will close on SATURDAY, May 13,
1699, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
i : . —■
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, Chi-
nese. 42* Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
i CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years: tel. Main 1997. RrVidley & Co.. 61" Clay.
SITUATIONS WASTED- FEMALE.
NEAT young Swedish girl desires situation;
assist in cooking and housework; $10 per
month; or nurse. MISS CUI-LEN, 325 Butter.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau number of first-class girls await situ-
! ations. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH houseglrl; good cook and laundress;
best references. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter,
YOUNG girl wishes place to assist housework,
second work or care of children. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
TWO German Becond girls wish situations; city
or country; references. MRS. Norton. 313
Sutter si.
MIDDLE-AOEi 1 German woman, g.^.d cook
and housework, r, 11! to Jl5; City or coun-
try MRS Norton. 313 Sutter st.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS
LAMBERT, 41 V Powell st.. tel. Main 5332,
help of all nationalties desire \arious, posi-
tions.
ELDERLY woman. 7 months in last place,
wishes place as housekeeper or light general
work. MRS LAMBERT, 418 Powell st.
LADIES We take pains to select for you a
first-class Bervant when you leave your or-
ders with us. J. F. CROSETT <£ CO., 316
Butter st.
WOMAN with a little child wishes work.
Sixth st.
GERMAN woman wishes a position by the day
as house. -leaiu-r. 3 Marcy place, off Jackson
St., near Mason.
AMERICAN widow with a child would like
situation as housekeeper; city or country.
Box 244. Call office.
GIRL wishes situation for general housework
and cooking; wages $25. Call or address 1436
Folsom st.. near Kiev. nth. from l to 4.
STEADY sober woman wants position in small
family; good plain cook: neat housekeeper;
good nurse In confinement 230V4 Fulton st.
TWO girls, just arrived from Europe, 1 of
whom is a good seamstress, want situations
to do housework. Call at 1912 Larkin s.t.,
between 2 and -t p. m.
RESPECTABLE lady, good < k. kind to chil-
dren wishes position as housekeeper; city ir
country. Call bet. in and 2, Golden U. it
H.t.l ' Ellis st.. room 23.
POSITION In a private family by a first-class
cook, $35. $40; no cards, liox 331. Call.
YOUNG girl wants a position to do housework.
Call 315 Natoma st.. near Fourth and Howard.
YOUNG woman wishes situation at housework
or cooking. l'j:n Market st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like a
good respectable place as working house-
keeper; thoroughly experienced In hotel and
boarding house cooking. Address 101 First
St.. southeast corner of Mission.
Woman wants work by the day; houseclean-
lng. Applj at 880 Folsom sf, upstairs.
WANTED— Hy an American cook, flrat-dasa
baker and thoroughly reemmenued; under-
stands her business; country preferred, short
distance. ti3:i Stevenson st.
YOUNG Swedish girl to do housework. Please
call at 609 Locust aye.. off Laguna st., be-
tween McAllister and Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG girl would like situation In small fam-
ily; good cook; would do second work; loud
of children; good references. 1013 York St.,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third.
LADY wants plain sewing and repairing to do
at home. Room 1, 821 Mission st.
AN experienced person wishes a position; thor-
oughly understands French and American
coking; excellent references. 929 Pine st.
COMPETENT woman wishes a position in
country to do general housework or cooking
on ranch. 132 Sixth st.
LADY wants plain sewing and repairing to do
at home. lr.'J Fourth st.. room 12.
AN elderly German woman wishes position as
housekeeper or do upstairs work. Call 2%6
Twenty-second st.
Woman wants situation to do light house-
work or to assist. Call for 3 days at 1127 Ellis.
YOUNG ylrl wants to do light housework; $10
a month, liox 337, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like a position
lo tnke care <rf an invalid or middle-aged
couple; city or country. 243 Minna st.
GIRL wants situation to do second work In
private family. 214 Linden aye., near Hayes
and GoUsth st*,
WASHING or cleaning, no windows, from 9
till 3, 75c. 3333 Twentieth St., near Folsom.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general
housework In small family (American); ref-
erence given. Call or address 203>£ Bartlett
st., near Twenty-third and Valencia.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do general
housework and plain cooking In American
family. Address 1309 Stockton St.
GERMAN - ■ : •■ ■ I ■ K. « h ■ a
Munition in a private family: willing to
leave the city; wages $23 to $30; city refer-
encet, Box 7W. Call.
V »»»■■»• ■«.,.,!« \ir. T U In- the day washing and
houseclpanlng; $1 a day and " carfare. Box
784. Call.
; SITUATION'S WASTED — Continued, j
; WANTED— By woman, plain sewing by the j
I day; grand darner, lace curtain and fine Hnen
repairing a specialty; prompt reply to all or- j
ders. Call or address MRS. CLARK, 730
__O" Farrell st. . !
AN experienced woman going to England
would like care of invalid or children either
whole or part of journey; good city refer-
ences. MKS. 8., 2120 Hush St.
WELL-EDUCATED lady, speaking three lan-
gmifrps, musical, wishes engagement in good
i family as housekeeper or companion govern-
ess; good references. Box 791. Call office.
WANTED— Sewing by the day; children's !
clothes; family sewing; will go with dress-
maker: quick sewer; terms, $1. Address H.
W.. box 24i. Call office.
! SHORTHAND, typewriting and fnvelcpe ad-
dressing. Apply room 400. Examiner bid*.
LADY wishes situation as housekeeper, coun-
try or mining town preferred. Room 9, b6s'i
Market st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c tn $1 ;.n night; SI 50 to $6 !
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus j
nnd bajreagre to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Erap. Agency; all Kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.: tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE Emp Office; help; farm hands;
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary St.; tel. Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell stj tel. East 424.
POSITION as bookkeeper or office work: city
or country; references given. Address G. E.,
box 823. Call office.
Vor.Nii man, handy about plar.\ desires posi-
tion in city or country; good references. Ad-
dress X., box 242, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS baker on bread and cakes wants
(situation; city or country. C. & 11. MEYER,
Klinhurst.
MARRIED man, age 40. 13 years with one firm,
speaks German, wishes outdoor position as
collector or agent; best of references; bonds
if necessary. K. X., box 2.V.', fall office.
MEAT cutter, hotel or restaurant; city or
country. 631 Ellis st. ___________
COOK and chef, IS years' experience, American
and European references, would like position;
hotel preferred. BV>x 335. Call office.
MAX would like a steady position us tinsmith
in soldering department; considerable experi-
ence with Eastern firms. 772 Mission st.
YOUNG Danish cuachman and gardener wants
situation; city Or country; steady, sober and
industrious; can milk and repair harness:
good references. Address P. LUND. 360 Sev-
enth st., Oakland.
GROCERY clerk wants position, city or Oak-
land; best references. 110'j San Jose aye.
GERMAN desires a place as coachman; under-
stands care of fine horses; good careful
driver; also good gardener: make himself
generally useful: city or country; references.
Box 319. Call, Oakland.
ENERGETIC business man. with excellent ref-
erences, will be in San Francisco on or about
May 22, and will be pleased" to hear from re-
liable firms who wish to be represented in
Great Britain or France for California prod-
uce; or from firms Importing goods from Eng-
land or France. Address box 79y, Call office.
PAINTER, paper hanger and whitener, handy
With carpenter tools, would like to work for
an estate or hotel; can take full charge of all
repairing: no objection to going In the coun-
try. Box 240, Call office.
BAKER— First-class on bread or cake; city or
country: American preferred. Box 265, Call.
MARRIED man. age 40. 15 years with one firm,
speaks German, wishes outdoor position as
collector or agent; best of references; bonds
if necessary. K. X . box ?:._. <\ill office.
YOUNG man. IS years of age, living with his
parents, wishes employment. Address F. _>
3S6S Army st.
GARDENER of practical" experience will take
charge of gentleman's private garden; under-
stands laying out of new grounds; renovation
of old grounds; also greenhouse fruit and
vegetable culture for pleasure and profit.
Box 842. Call office, Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by optician with case;
first-class engraver; city or country. Address
box 793, -Call office, Oakland.
JAPANESE wants place a.s plain cook; $3 up.
K. SHIGYO, 1606 Jones at.
GARDENER of long experience wants situa-
tion; thoroughly understands greenhouse,
rosnhousp. flower garden, pruning, budding
and propagating fruit nnd vegetable grow-
ing; best of references. Address box 253, Call.
YOUNG man. 26 years old, will do housewoak
i r any kind of work; recommendations; $1000
bond given; city or country. Address 7238,
Call office.
YOUNG Frenchman. honest, good recom-
mendations, desires a place in an American
family; wages no object; wants to learn the
language. Address A. C. 843 Pacific St.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
"nited States, postpaid, for $1 p»*r year.
HELP WASTED- FEMALE.
2 RESTAURANT waitresses, $5 and $6 a week:
French second girl. $2,".; French nurse. $25: 2
hotel waitresses, t2>' each: 3 chambermaids
and waitress. $15 each. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, $10 per month, Sonoma;
fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 32.". Suttrr st,
NURSE $10 sleep home. 1 child: neat second
girl, $15 per month. MISS CULLEN, 525 Sut-
ter st.
BECOND work and sewing, $1'" per month. 2 in
family; nurse girl. $15, 1 child 3 years old.
Miss CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN 4 CO I 'hone Grant 185
First-class hotel housekeeper with experi-
ani'.' In large first-class hotel. J4u; a head
waitress am! stewardess for summer resort
who is used to handling a large crew, $00: 10
waitresses for springs, water and summer re-
sorts, }:'": waitresses for commercial hot. -is.
Bakersfield, Stockton, Quarts, Visalia, Duns-
mulr, Colusa. Fresno, $20 and $25; chamber-
maid, to wait, Bakersfield, Si'", fare paid.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Nurse girl. MO ,
60 girls for general housework, city and coun-
try. $15, $25. C. K. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary sr.
2 MOUSE girls for Colusa; J2.~. and $20; see
party here at 9:30 a. m. Tuesday; fare paid.
C H HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Laundress, private family, $25;
nurse and second Rlrl, youne woman. $'2.'.;
young woman to attend baths. $20; dress-
maker, Jl 75 a day; German cook, no wash,
$30; 10 girls for housework In country, $20 and
$25; 4" eirls for cooking and housework in
City, $20 and $2:.. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _
CO., 31fi Sutter st.
HELP of all nationaltlep to fill various posi-
tions. $12 to $26. MKS. LAMBERT, 41S
Powell st.
2 GERMAN girls, nurs" and second work. $15
an>l $20, Oakland, see lady 2 p. m. : 3 German
housework girls. $20 nnd $26. Oakland: Swed-
ish second girl. Berkeley, $20. MRS. LAM-
HKItT, US Powell st
3 OKRMAN cooks. $LT. and $30; 4 German
housework girls, $20 and $25: nursery gov-
erness, French. English and music, $2~>.
Ml'.S LAMBERT, 4is Powell Bt
TWO < ks $::0 and $25; 2 second cirls, 525
each; houseglrl, family of 4. $26. MKS.- NOR-
TON, SU Butter rt. __
with a child as housck.'.-p<T, oak-
land. $10; young girl to assist, $1". MRS.
NORTON, 813 Butter st.
HOUSEGIRL, San Rafael, $20, see party here
10 o'clock: middle-aged woman, country, $.0.
MRS. Norton, 313 Sutter st.
2 COOKS, $25 each; :: houseglrls, $25; 6 house-
s,-irls $20; woman with ii child. $10: boarding
house cook. $25; middle-aged woman country,
$20- young nurseglrl, $10. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter Bt.
WAITRESsTor hotel, wnges $25; chambermaid
for city, wait one meal, wages $20; cook for
boarding-house. J2S; young girls tor house-
work, good wages; also a number o t M >ung
girls to assist, wages $15. Mlbt. DILLON, 010
Sutter St.. phone Main SO4.
WAITRESS. $20; country hotel. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Koarny st.
O K>K and general hoiTsewnrk In a small fam-
llv reference wanted. Apply bet. 10 an 1 3,
IM2 Butterrtl: German or Swede preferred.
WANTED- Girl for gfiiernl h-uspwork; Gor-
man or Swedish preferred : must understand
< king: references required; wages $-0. I<lS
<>' Farrell st^ .
WOMAN for general housework In exchange
for room and board; pleasant hum-. Box
80, Call office^ _
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 1049 H
St., Sunset^
WANTED— German or Swedish girl for house-
work and cooking. , 2007 Devtoadero st. ; apply
between 2 and 5 o'clock.
W \NTFTD^Y^ung"glrl for light housework.
1036 Clay St., corner Mason.
WANTED— Young woman for light housework.
10M Noe st.. near Twenty-third.
1 WANTED^A~TIdy girl to assist with second
work. 2110 California st.
WANTFoIIAged i a ay" to keep house; more a
home. 337 Fourth st .. Srocer y. .
QUICK neat skirt hands; store or take home;
piecework. 1939 _Market_e_
WANTED— Improver on skirts. 1281 O'Farrell
street.
• YOrNG~~German _irl for uystalrs work and
1 mending." Call at -207 Buchanan .st. from 9-l_.
GIRL trood cook, in small family, near San
Leandro; wages $15. Address box 332. Call
"ciltL to set type; state experience and wages
, wanted. Box 336, Call.
HELP "WANTED— Continued.
NEAT competent . girl wanted for general
housework and cooking; German or Scandi-
navian preferred. Apply at 1626 Grove st.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co., 535 Market.
EXPERIENCED tailoress wanted on custom
coats; need not make button holes. 935 Mar-
ket, room 16.
BRIGHT business -woman, middle-aged pre-
ferred; call 10 to 4. Room 350, Phelan bldg.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats. 1036
Howard st, wHs,"
SMART girls to learn tailoring; pay while
learning. 13S Russ st.
GOOD feller hand on custom coats; steady
work. 40 Ellis St., room 52. ■
WANTED-German girl for general housework
at 710 Haight st
YOUNG girl to assist with children. Call at
828 Turk St. _
YOUNG girl, very light housework, $2 50 per
week. Call S to 9 a. m., 1922 Howard st.
NEAT housekeeper for one; wages $8 monthly.
Box 333. Call office.
GOOD girl wanted to do general housework.
731 Green st., near Mason. ,- __^
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
801 Hayes st. '• " -■-"■'-■
GOOD girl wanted for light housework; good
home. 133 Russ st.
GIRLS to learn halrdresslng and manicuring.
240 Stockton st. _ _
Al PUPILS for select millinery school ; trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed: terms easy; evening classes. 506
Leaven worth st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework and
cooking: one who has lived in German lam -
ies preferred. 1303 Octavia St.. near O Farrell.
WANTED— tailoresa on coats;
steady work; good wages. 528 Jessie st.
WANTED— First-class coat finisher; good
wages. 520 Kearny St.. room 1. first floor.
AT 52 Second— furnished single and dou-
ble light housekeeping rooms. $1 to $3 weeK.
PLEASANT gunny rooms; day or week; re-
spectable ; moderate rate. 192 Seventh st.
OPERATORS on overshirts and i underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36H Fremont at.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9 30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. ____^—
HELP W ANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE boy. housework and cooking, $20
per month, country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sui-
ter st. .
MURRAY & READY Phone Mail SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
..WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M...... .... •
94 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, .or
different places, $20, $25 and $20 and found;
14 milkers, $30, $25 and $20 and found, dit-
ferent Jobs. TO THE MINES ...• ...
2 drillers fora mine $3 10 day
12 laborers, no experience required.... *2 day
10 men to handle timber in mines $2 day
"° C TO ™HE%AWMiLI7s "AND W00D5....
26 laborers for mills and yards. .s26 and found
15 laborers for woods $26 and found
•> Bpooltenders for sawmill co — $30 and found
Man for logging, see boss here, $30 to $4., and
tOU T* hay" fields' "and pick' ' fruits '
10 fruitpickers $20 and $15 and found
12 haymakers $1 25. and $26 and found
6 choremen and boys, different jobs, $20, Sl;>,
$8 and $10 and found; 5 young men, no experi-
ence required, to work on a hay ranch, etc..
fare $1 $20 and found
.. TO TIE AND WOOD CAMPS
156 woodchoppers $2, $1 50 and $1 cord
I!>4 tiemakers Be, 9c, We and 12c each
." Tools furnished
2 setters. Steams block, sawmill company,
$52 and found.
J IN SAN FRANCISCO
26 two-horse teamsters, $26 and found and
31 7." day; 35 laborers, board yourselves home,
$1 75 day.
RAILROAD COUNTRY WORK
555 two and four horse teamsters, $2 and $1 75
day; 555 laborers, different jobs, $2 and $175
day.
Free Fare ,
6 stablemen, city and country, $30 and $25
and found.
...FOR A GREAT COMMERCIAL BANK...
16 men to work on ranch, pick fruit, work in
hay field and do any class of work put to <lo;
no experience required; different work, differ-
ent wages.
.. ..BLACKSMITHS AND MACHINISTS
7 blacksmiths and horseshoers, shops, camps,
ranches, etc., $2 and $2 25 day and found, $50
and $40 and found.
Machinist, country shop $2 50 day
Cement finisher, near city $3 50 day
2 machinists, large factory
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
$3 TO $1 75 day Free fare
2". laborers $2 and $175 day
15 stonemasons $3 and $2 50 day
64 two-horse teamsters SI 75 day
55 four-horse teamsters $2 day
Free fare S. P. coast division
$1 Office fee only $1
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
19 cooks tor hotels, ranches, boarding-houses,
camps, etc.. $50, $45. $30, $25 and found; 7
waiters, different jobs
$30, $25 and $20 and found
14 dishwashers.. s2s, $20, $15 and $10 and found
3 Choreboys for restaurants $10 and found
MURRAY & READY, 631-636 Clay st.
BAKERS LAUNDRYMEN
Maker, country shop $50 and found
3 second and third hands, $25 an 1 $20 and
. found; hand hotel laundry. 2 men. $25 and
$20 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
HARNESS-MAKER, $30 and found, ranch;
man and wife, small resort, $40; German nor-
ter, city, $10 week. MURRAY & READY,
634-630 clay st.
C. It. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
500 RAILROAD MEN ANTED
Teamsters, coast road, $1 75 and $2 a day.
Laborers and concrete mixers, $1 75 and $2 day.
Tunnel men $2 25 to $2 50 a day
Ship Daily Free Fare Free Fare
Free Fare. Office Fee $1 Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
25 TWO and 4 horse teamsters for other new
railroad work, $8 a day; ship to-day. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FARM hands...." $1 a day and found
Laborers for a vineyard. $1 a day and found;
choreman, ranch, $25; milker, $25. and others;
machinist, $2 50
Blacksmith, country shop. $2 50 a day,
steady; blacksmith for a ranch. $2 a day and
found; blacksmith, country, $45 and found:
helper. $30 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary Bt. '
FRENCH broiler, country hotel. $60; second
cook, plain hotel, $30; third. $25; pantryman,
$20; silver-man. $25; potwasher. $30; dishwash-
ers, hotels and restaurants, $25, $20, $15. and
$4 and $3 a week: boy to learn waiting;
French cook and wife. $40; porter, $10; ironer,
run Tyler machine, $30: elevator boy with ref-
erences, $15: 3 waiters, $23. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary St.
CARPENTER, country hotel. $35 and found;
engineer, country hotel, $45 and found. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
.WANTED— 3 quartz miners. $2 50 day; timber-
nan for mine. $2 75 day; blacksmith for mine.
$" 50 day; 5 laborers for mine. $2 day. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Woodsmen, $30 and $40; laborers
about mill, $26; 10 laborers, pick and shovel,
$2 day; 15 tunnelmen. $2 20 to $2 75; 5 four-
horse teamsters, fare paid. $2 day; 6 tie-
makers. 10c each; 6 woodchoppers, 75c to $1 35
cord, tools and provisions advanced. J. F.
CROSETT & C,0., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Milkers, $25, $26 and $30; American
dairyman for small dairy. $30; farmers, $1
day; wagonmaker. $35 and board; blacksmith
and woodworker, .-2 25 day and board: 3 job-
bing blacksmiths and horscshoers, $40 and
board and $60; and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED Cook, small country resaurant, $30:
cook and wife, country hotel. $65; butler, $35:
restaurant waiters $30: kitchen men; and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED
3 brick laborers for mining. $3 per day and
board and free fare both ways; blacksmith
helper for ranch. $30 and board
2 miners $3 per day
Blacksmith for shop, near city. $40 and
board
2 carmen for mine, no experience required,
$45 per month; 10 laborers about mine, $2 per
day, sec boss here; 15 laborers about saw-
mill, $150 per day
Milkers $25 and $30
10 farmers $25 and $26
cook for lunch counter $35 and found
country Job; waiters, and others
W. D EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
BARBER wanted; steady job. Call early. 54
Third st.
BOY in planing mill. Corner Market . and
Dolores st.
MAN to work in lodging house; room, board
and laundry. 5 Market st.
BOY, one who has worked in a picture store
preferred. JONES. 547 Mission st.
GOOD barber for evenings. Corner California
and Devlsadero sts. -
LIVELY second cook wanted at 24S East st.
GOOD tailor on custom coats; steady work.
40 Ellis St., room 52.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 138% Eighth St.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats; steady
work, good wages. 528 Jessie st.
STRONG boy: one who has had some expe-
rience at b'lacksmithlng. 537 Brannan st.
YOUNG man to work on pieced tinware. Ad-
dress box 334, Call office.
GOOD coat maker for country, passage paid.
Apply H. DAVIS, 119 Russ Et.
HELP WANTED— Continued^
GOOD tailor wanted for busheling. 625 Com-
mercial st.
WANTED— Steady man, $15 a week; permanent
place: light business; must have small capi-
tal. Western Inv. Co., 9 Geary st.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 662 Mission st.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open r . a. nn. to 9 p. m.
150 MEN for cleanest houses in city, "Central
H "is.-." 871 Market, and "Branch Houite,
861; 15c to 50c night; all dally pi
STEAM laundry— Wanted good ironer and pol-
Isher; good wages. P. O. box 536. Witson-
ville.
HARNESS makers at MAIN & WINCHK3-
TER'S. 214 liattery st.
PRESSMAN on pants. 83 Third st.. upstairs.
TO tailors— Busheiman wanted Apply CHAS.
LYONS. London Tailor. 7:'! Market st.
GET o hoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 33
years, who are citizens of the United States.
or th se who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such: must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4>
inches and t; feet 1 inch in height. For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
flce. San Francisc . Cal.
CAPABLE man to represent us as general
nth and expenses. Address,
with references, TONTINE SAVINGS AND
IN*" . Chicago.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; constant practice; catalogue free.
Moler's Barber College, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— 2O men to occupy rooms: 10c per
night. 60c to $1 per wk 105 New Montgomery.
3UO SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 250
per night. Lindell, 6th ai I Howard; read. rm.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMANS. 26 Steuart st.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can,
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
coal mines, Alameda County, Cal.: sufficient
new ground has been opened up during tha
past r.incty days to make room for forty coal
n.mers; no other class of lab >r Is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN ''OAL CO., R. H. Nor-
ton, superintendent.
MEN wanted— Teamsters, shovelers nnd drill-
men on railroad work, being built by Camp-
bell and Buckman, between Sonora and Sum-
merville. Tuolumne Co. ; take boat to Stock-
ton then train to Oakdale and Sonora: fara
$1 ' Oakdale to Sonora. will be refunded If
men work one month. Apply at room 4. 302
Montgomery st.
X! LIS. 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day.
week or mo.; rates. 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers: reading room.
250 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
House. Gl4 Howard, cor. New Montg.: single,
10c. loc night: 60c. 90c week: reading room.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys
. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
in' t. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila, Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent, 504-506 Davis St.*
WAN TED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St. ; 150 larga
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; frea
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
: per week^
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night: 75c. $1
to $2 50 wk. Eleho House. 563».£ Market st.
WAITED— To collect wages due laborers anrl
•]. rks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
! TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth.
for » room: 25c » night: ?1 a week.
AGENTS WAHtBO.
AGENTS— Something entirely new: best propo-
siti.n ever offered on coast. 24. Sixth st.. r. 1.
PARTNERS WANTED.
$5000 REQUIRED to enlarge profitable commis-
sion business. P. C. M. A., box 231. Call.
PARTNER wanted for business in country anl
city; good proposition: $200 to $300. Address J.,
box 109. San Maten. <"al.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
PIANO, safe, carpets, curtains, etc., also sur-
i.v and team, etc., for board fit summer
hotel near Col fax. A. T.. room 200, Safe De-
I" sir bldg., San Francisco. Cal.
IF you have lots that you wish to sell north
of the Park, from First aye. to the ocean,
then call on W J. GI'NN. 410 Montgomery st.
IXPERT OPTICIANS
UEO. MAYERLB, German Expert Optldan;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071 K Market St.. S. F. ; examina-
tlon free; open evenings.
MED!' AL.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return Home the
same day; no Instruments used:,cure at office.
$5; home in conrinemer'' skillful medical at-
tention; all can save tii.ie and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS DR. WYETH. 942 Post st.. bet.
Hyde and I-arkin: hours, lf> to 5 and 7 to I
P." in.: Sunday, .10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SIRE, safe and Bpeedy cure for all female
diseases; all th..se who are sick or discour-
age.; should call on the doctor and state their
i efore ""inm elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment, $5; no instruments
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWTER, 510 Eddy st.
bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to 12. 2
to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near and far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and. sure; cure in
"1 hours guaranteed: any time: maternity
home: best medical attendance: pills, $1 ; cure.
J5. IXH2 Market, bet. 7th-Mh; tel. Howard 424.
This well-known ladies' physician will leave
for Europe May 25, in order to gain knowledge
which is to be derived at that central point
of medicines, for the benefit of her many pat-
rons on her return in August.
IMPORTANT— A progress in medical science
tor female troubles, from whatever cause.
which saves trouble and misery: every woman
her own physician, always and at any time,
no matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consultation,
free. The well-kown, celebrated specialist
and ladies' physician, practice 37 years, DR.
POPPER, 818 Kearny st.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice: safe and iiuick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy nnd aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home.
etc ; babies adopted: travelers treated; no de-
lay self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVTES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong. $2.
\ TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
c; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St., between
Mason and Taylor: office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to B p. ni.: Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A— DR G. W. O'DONNELI/, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated suci essfully more cases of irreeulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure: consult him first, save time and money;
tment can be use.! al home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023% Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye Private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best cur.- and attention: terms mod-
...lar physician in attendance: '••n\-
sultatlon free: infant-- adopted Into good
homes; euli before consulting others _____
DR WONG WOO. herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St., San Fran-
red exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice tree; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 r. «
and 7 to 0 P. m.
\I 1, n-.arricd ladies know "Seguro." the gre.qt-
eat 1 ito them. Richards A Co.. 406 Clay
st ■ J! 50. Semi 2c stamp for circulars I
guro Mftr. Co., 53] X si . Sacramento. Cal
\l.i'KAl"S French pills, a ! ito ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 ">0;
expressed C O. D.: don't delay until too la:e.
OSGOOD BROS.. tnts. Oakland, Cal.
DR and Mrs. Wise, ins Market st Instant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; ss up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human li.hlv. !'■' Muson st.
LOST.
LOST— A bundle of laundry and a pair of
pants. Apply 23 Kissling st. and receive re-
ward of $5: no questions asked.
LOST— In El Campo, pair of cuffs and buttons.
Return to 22 East St.; reward. F. ARNOLD.
$10 REWARD— Vicinity of Third and Mission,
Friday morning. May 5. 8-cornered locket con-
taining old lady's picture and lock of gray
nalr. Return to 211 Minna si* BUSINESS CHANCES.
f
A— $:■'■ . corner grocery and bar; living rooms;
> one-half block from Wielaml's Brewery; dally
T receipts about $26; cash trade only; a rare
chance. Call K. G. WILKE, '.'OO Market st.
A— s7X); corner loon with 3 entrances; cstab-
'■shod 30 years; doing a rushing business;
Vlarge stock; very best location, about one
f 1 lock lrom The Call. R. O. WILKE, 908 Mar-
■f ket st. .
A — $15i»; restaurant with 9 furnished rooms in
Contra Costa County; 00 steady boarders be-
Bldes large transient custom; meals 25c; rent
$45; clearing above $175 per month. Call R.
G. WILKE. 606 Market st.
A COAL and wood yard doing a splendid busi-
ness; 3 horses, 2 wagons; ofiiee. coal sheds,
barn, including lot 2.".x137; very best location;
idre=t chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
l'O6 Market st. ■ ■■■.
A— s32 OLD-ESTABLISHED and paying
saloon, including 17 furnished rooms and
branch bakery; rent $34; '.ease; kept by own-
rrs years; a bargain. R. G. WILKE, 906
Market st.
A— sl2so; SALOON, doing a splendid paying
business: pstablis-hed for years; close to Mar-
ket and Fifth sts; a good bargain; investigate
at once; no better location In the city. K.
G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
$200— CORNER saloon: rent $C 3; California .-• :
Market sts. ]'. G. WILKE, 906 Market st..
A-s:(hi: SALOON, doing a first-class business;
osiab!. years: 10 feet from Call blilg. ; partners
can't agree. Particulars 11. G. Wilke. '.•"'j Mkt.
JI7."— BARBER shop; five chairs; laundry
agency included. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777
Market st.
S.SOO— LAUNDRY near the city; this is a good
paying business and must be Bold on account
of departure for Europe. LAUGHL] &
CO.. 777 Market st.
TO sell your business promptly for cash apply
HEALY & HIMMEL. 917 Market st.
S"SO — HOME biikery and lunch room: make
.fTer. HEALY & HIM Ml-:;, 917 Market st.
DELICATESSEN store; must sell; great sacri-
fice. COWING & CO., 995 Market st. j
CANDY store, $75; complete; great bargain this
, Cay. COWING & CO., 995 Market Et.
- fiOO— RENT $10: ..... nice place for man
and wife: make a good living; 2 living rooms.
.TONES. Sfir. Market st.
SCO')-- PARTNER wanted in good-payir.g busi-
ness; too much for one to do; no experience
required; trial given. West. In. Co., i< Geary.
DRUQ storo; complete; handsome fixtures and
now stock; in thriving town in San Joaquln
Valley; reason for selling, ps-oprietor not a
druifgitit and has other business. Box 243,
WELL-PAYING Jewelry store, established 17
years, for sale on account of departure for
Ktirope: watch repair work a specialty. Ap-
ply to GEO. STEAD. 31CU Third st.
_— _
SALOON for sale. SO Jackson st. ; good place.
RRA-VCH bakery and confectionery; 3 living
rooms; re.ir $12; very cheap. 413 Valencia st.
OYSTER and chop house doing good business
for pale, account sickness. Box 335. Call.
BARKER shop for salt': the owner went to
Vancouver. ArplyJ"* 1 * Howard st.
FOR sale — Good sukor. in wholesale district;
condition* favorable. Apply liquor store, 112
WANTED Man with mechanical ideas to in-
troduce new machine and sell stock for com-
pany. Bux 239. Call office.
$:>o— Elegantly furnished dining parlor; this is
a rare opportunity. Apply. 827 Mission St.
ANY kind of property or business bought or
sold; fair dealinc assured; see our saloon, $75;
lodging house. $S00; cigar store, $500. Room
2i'9, SC7 Market ?t., opp. Mason. •
JJOO-^-WANTED; working partners; Lower Cali- !
fornia enterprise after abalone shells and
curios. For particulars address for two weeks
G D. C. box 24n, Monterey, Cal. j
w HOTEL for rent; modern improvements: new
™ 3-story brick: central location In city of
Stockton. Address 'S., box 7422. Call office.
GENERAL blacksmith shop for sale: good
reasons for ylling. Thirty-eighth and San
Pablo ay.'?., Oakland.
STORE— Costro nd Twenty-second Bts.; new
building; fixtures for groceries and saloon.
Key 1254 Mission St. •
GROCERY and bar, well established, first- '
class outfit. Inquire OWEN KENNY, 1601;
Devisadero st.
SHOE stop? and repairing shop for sale, on ac-
count of sickness. 4102 Nineteenth st., near
t'astro. . ,
,' BLACKSMITH shop to let or sale; Mission
road, near 7-Mile House. Inquire Greyhound
saloon. •
SEE TbaSILE, S73H Market St., to buy or sell
your business; lodging- houses a specialty.
FOR sale at a bargain, delicacy store: receipts
ill to Ha per day. Box 325. Call office.
1300— FOR tale; good paying saloon. Inquire at
Call office.
PARTNER with small capital in good paying
business. Box 12. Yountville. Cal.
WELL established custom tailoring business. ;
Inquire ZIEGLER BROS.. 527 Montgomery.;
LOAN office; 15 years established: no time to
attend to it. Particulars at 231 Third st.
RARE chance; a No. I saloon, centrally lo-
cated, for sale cheap. Inquire at Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO
W. CASWELL & . CO.'S, 415 Sacramento at.
ROUTE en this paper for sale. Apply, this
office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
/ Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the •
" United States or Canada one year for $1, |
" postaco paid. I
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO <fc CO - 224 GEARY.
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
64 rooms; best corner Fourth st $2400
3- rooms; Market St.; best In city 1200
35 rooms; Post St.; all new carpets 1400
24 rooms; Geary st., near Plaza $00
20 rooms; best block Eddy st. ; a snap — 900
16 rooms: Post st.: always full 775
10 rooms; O'Farrell st., clears $50 300 i
6 rooms; 3 rooms pay rent 200
A few special bargains. Call early. KREDO.
A— 1600; 46 ROOMS: prominent business corner:
cheap re-it, worth 12000; the chance of a life-
time; this week only. KREDO & CO _2>,i
Geary at. I
24.-ROOM HOUSE, NEW. ELEGANT FURNI-
TURE. NEAR GEARY AND POWELL,
COST $4ino. PRICE $lS00; WHAT WILL
TOT" PAY?
15-room house on Howard st $600 ■
22-room; new; cost $4500 1?' V)
24 rooms on Geary st 623
26 rooms: corner house . 850
14 rooms on O'Farrell st 850
12-room bouse; large yard; downtown.... W0
15 rooms; clears {100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
f,4-room house: clears $300 l«00
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market Bt. opp. nth.
R H WINSTON *.• CO.. 1026 Market st.
26 m«; rent $41: corner $750
32 rooms; (600 cash; payments 950
40 rooms; rent II 0; $1000 cash 2000
£2 rooms; ent $17! downtown 2650
LODGING of 14 rooms; centrally lo-
cated; muft be sold. Box ~ .<l. Call office.
FURNITCRB FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 5-room flat for sale; bargain.
1617 Devlsadero St.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton at.
4 ROOMS furnl«h-d In oak for $48 50, with No.
A 7 range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil . .id mining; as-
Baying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, cor
Btructlqn. mechanical drawing, mathematics
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
fhcrthand, typing, lancuages, English: 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALIVS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post at.
AYR Business College, 723 Market ft.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy.
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates, day,
even. : San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, rr."ch. survey, assay, urchi.: day & ev-. ;
est. ISM. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
X KEEPING; the only place on the coast
to learn it practically; rapid calculation.!;
short time. TAJIK 57? Parrott building.
SPANISH taught at 1316 Brod*rlck st. . thor-
oughness guaranteed; wend postal for terms.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night ; correspondence.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College, 205 Larkin st., opp. City Hall.
HORSES.
(0 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
cart?, harness: Grand Arc-ado Horse Market,
327 Sixth Ht.; auction sales every Wodnebday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught ims ; all
kinds of business horses Cor sale. CHASE &
>MENDENHALL'S sale yard. 1732 Market st.
fOR sale— 4o horses and mules at old Turk-st.
car stables. 1301 Turk st. '? ■- ■
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SETS tecond-hand harness; wagons, carts,
.'.i buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom at. 1
PERSONALS.
LEDERER~7iTat~tne bead of his profession;
hairdresslng only 25c; hair rolls, 10c; longest
ear to ear only fee; great sale of wigs at half
price. 123 Stockton St. ,
LEDERER'S Quint nic 1 Is beneficial used daily
an a hair wash, 35c bot. ; Lederer's Foama
Shampoo. 5c pkg. G. LEDERER.I23 Stockton.
CEMETERY fences; best work; lowest prices.
DOUGLAS, Central aye., bet. Bush and Pine.
LINCOLN BROS.
Sell picnic hams. 7.- Ib ; good flour. roc sk.;
cornmeal. 20c sk. : hams, l^c lb. ; butter. „-"'
roll. tomatoes. 90c doz.: Jelly. $1 doz. ; coffee.
8 lbs.. $1; rice, 20 lbs., $1: prunes 25 lbs.. Jl.
LINCOLN BROS., cash grocers, 226 sixth st.,
above Folsom. .
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mous- remedy for Irregular and painful periods
of ladies: are never failing and safe, rejuv-
enate th- system: brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the faded: French Tan-
f v Wafers are the only reliable female rem-
edy in the world: Imported from Paris: take
nothing else from druggists, but Insist on
genuine: in red wrappers with crown trade
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER * CO. • drug-
gists. 214 Kearny st H. L. LADD & CO..
druggists. NW. cor. 4th and Howard, agents.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at LaW, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st., »-*w a Specialty.
San Francisco, a l. American and Foreign
Bend for Circular; _ Patent* Solicited. _
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bub and baggage to and from the ferry.
1000 ENVELOPE.sTbUIhe:i'Is. cards noteheads
or statements Drinted. $1 50: send for sam-
ples. BLEY, Printer. 511 Sacramento St.;
phono Main 1886.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
ceons und private individuals. 1516 Guerrero
et., near Twenty-fifth: -Guerrero-st. cars.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S terms for singing lessons:
Classes $2 $3 and $5 monthly: single lessons,
♦6 (V 'weekly: $10 (2 W.); $15 (3 W.)j $20 (4 w.)
and $25 (every day a lesson). 1236 Market st.
V Z. BUSAKI & CO.. manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order: all kinds
of Japanese crockery, basketware. 488. Halght.
T. BRILLIANT, 335-340 Post st., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments. .
COMPLETE line ladles' taller-made suits: low
prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co., cloak and suit dept., 1306 Stockton st.
MRi. DR. E. J. WILLIAMS, moved from 967
Mission st. to BO) Jessie, corner Sixth.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
or K. YOSHITARI, 313 Butter st.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order. $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO.. ISI4 Market st.; open evenings.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED — OIJ gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE. Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no Injec-
tion; {ruarntd. Dr. Gordln. 614 Pine. ab. Kearny.
FOLDING beds $S 50; bedrm sets $S;bed lounges
$4 Fin- rren eye's L. J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 357 Geary St.: dresses made, $5
up: perfect fit. MMX, GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. 605 McAllister St.; come skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
S p. m., 2,'ic. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. S. SIEP. psychometrist; 11 to 5: 50c:
circles evenings except Sat.. 10c. 1724 Market.
MRS. MENA FRANCES. Independent »lat»
writing medium. lIS Halght at.
MRS. ELLIS tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. S: ?se: sittings, 51. 233 Valencia st.
MRS B BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an ofnrp at 31' O'FarrPll.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant' and
card reader; born with double veil and second
tight; diagnoses disease; full life reading; la-
dies, 50c: gents, $1; sit. $160. 126 Turk st.
MISS A. 1. CARLSON, fortune teller by card?,
palmtst and planets. 2S Sixth st., rooms 2-3.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
pa?t, present and future; 25c. 14S 6th. r. 12.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, 10c; ladles only.
543 Natoma St., bet Sixth and v.-nth.
MME DR. THOMAS, renowned reveaier. first
in her profession; never fails. 325 A Sutter st.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary st.. rooms 1 and 2.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st . rooms 9 and 10.
MISS BAY, returned, has voodoo charm from
Africa. 223 Post St., room 6.
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist,
1065 Market St., room 2.
JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader,
removed to S6OV2 Market st., rooms 8-9.
MISS OLLIE LAKE returned, palmist and
card reader. 118 Grant aye, r. 15, second floor.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MISS A. FAURE. card reader and palmist. 405
Kearny St.. r. 34: French and English spoken.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis Ft., parlors 6 and 7.
MISS GRACE HAYS, card reader and mag-
netlst. 207 Powell St., rooms G and 6.
MME. ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom-
etrlst; parlors 2 and 3, 995 Market st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. BYBILLE. cradle to gra'-e; future hus-
band'g picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger.
main*.. 615 Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Kyda
2621; reading by mall. $1.
A-MME. BUSHNELL. the famous palmist.
516 Bush Ft., between Taylor and Jones.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are Belling good upright pianos for $6
cash ■.-. I $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
Fame as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Bteinway dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.,
San Francisco, and Thirteenth and Broadway,
Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
GOOD piano for practice will be sold at once
for $50 cash. Room 12, Flood building.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents, *2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
A— sBs: UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
A NEW Chiekerlng and 3 Stelnways. Keeffe's.
1019 Van Ness, nr. Geary; tel, Larkln 706.
i: a. DANIELS Ih now with BYRON
MAUZY, 308 to 312 Post Ht.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post at.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. S.CHMITZ,; 16
McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bar.!:.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LKR & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
$55— ELEGANT piano for sale on $5 install-
ments: cost $400. Call 111-. Post st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN ycu become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.: tel S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'g 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. 1. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
Et. ; cleaning 8c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
V. B. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn. 30? Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 233 Golden
Gate ttv*.: tel. East 126.
PHY9ICEAJVS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1C21V4 Market St., between 6th and 7tb
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 16, 1899.
HOCSBS TO LET.
HOUSES. FLATS.
1010 Leavenworth; S4n Gutter; 7 r $40 00
9 r $40 00.2328 Fillmore; 6 r.. 25 00
SOS Jones; 7 r 35 0912214 Fillmore; 6 r.. 20 00
1012 Geary-; 7 r.... 32 50|524 Fell (new) 6 r. 19 00
1320 i.aßuna; S r.. 35 00|123 Cedar ay. ; 5 r. 15 00
1287 Ellis; 7 r 27 SO 431 Fourth ay. ; 6 rl5 00
132 Tremont aye. ;
7 r 25 00!
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
A B-ROOM bouse, lust cleaned; reduced from
$20 to $14. 230 ft Third st.
A 7-ROOM elegant Queen Anne, bath; reduced
$35 to $23. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
FINE funny pleasant house, 7 rooms, in per-
fect condition; SSB6 Twenty-first St., near
Guerrero; very desirable home; electric cars;
low rent to good tenant. Key at corner.
GREENWICH. ! 12, NW cor. of Taylor— One
House of 7 rooms and bath; yard: basement;
sunny side; rent $2.*>.
HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath; large grounds
and stable; entrance on Golden Gate aye.;
r?nt $1S 50. 2127 Turk st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
LAGL'NA, 1717— House of 8 rooms, bath; base-
ment; yard.
RENT US; house of S rooms and bath, garden
in front and back, at 3474 Nineteenth st.,
near Valencia,
SEX the sunny 9-room house. 26 Franklin st..
ofi Market; cheap rent.
SUNNY house 7 n ■■• B a id bath; rent $22 50.
TU Broderick Ft., nqfar McAllister.
TWENTY-THIRD, J758, near Hampshire— «
ro ms; bath; yard; rent $16.
VERY pleasant sunny house; corner Twenty-
first and Guerrero sts.; 12 rooms; large gar-
den; lawn; flowers; stable; electric cars; low
rent to good tenant. Key at corner opposite.
VERY pleasant sunny house, 7 roome, in per-
fect condition; r.: v < Twenty-first st.. next to
corner Guerrero; electric cars; low rent to
good tenant. !<■>• at forncr.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
A RARE chance: an elegantly furnished mod-
ern ]•-!■■ • B rooms, bath; lovely yards;
close to San Kateo :i:id Mission cars; 30 Val-
ley st.. bet. Twenty-iighth and Twenty-ninth;
rent $30.
6-ROOM upper fiat; very sunny; nicely fur-
i nished; reasonable; adults; references. Apply
from 1 to 4 at 314 Waller St.. near Webster.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A COTTAGE ol <■ rooms and bath; all im-
provements; water free. 242^ Geary st.
BAY-WINDOW cottage; 5 rooms and bath.
L7la Polßom st.
FOR rent— Cottage house; 2 large sunny rooms,
with good yard and basement. Apply at 622
Minna st.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and E rooms, basement;
large yard; tiat. 6 rooms, bath. 1576 ISth st.
FLATS TO LET.
ADELAIDE pi., f>. oft Taylor, near Pout— Flat
sni.ny rooms, 113; good order.
FIVE rooms, bath; new; $16. 2121 Point Lobos
aye., near Tenth aye.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
, LEAVENWORTH, 1619— Flat of I rooms; gas,
bath; modern Improvementa; rent $16.
MINNA r.21. In rear. bet. 6th and 7th— 6-room
house; $10 mo. Apply 1021 Mission, near 6th.
MODERN lower flat, 3316 Sacramento st. ; 6
- and bath; must be rented. MADISON
I & BURKE.
NINTH, 243 v idem bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and 1-ath. J1."..
SUNNY fl&t of 4 rooms and bath: modern im-
provements. 3442 Twentieth st, corner Capp;
- :iable ront.
SUNNY upper fiat, 3 rooms and bath, com-
pletely furnished. $22 50; lower furnished Oat,
$17. 2110 Bakei Bt
■ ess promptly for cash apply
HEALY <t H.IMMEL. 917 Market st
modern new flats; 6 and 7 rooms.
orner of E> n si and G ild< n gate aye.
UPPER flat 3 choice sunny rooms: pantry;
. .- lay st.. near^ Fill more.
UPPER flai • bath. M_. Lewis s-t., oft
Taylor, between
• 6 rooms and bath. Apply
 cor. 24th and Florida sts.
f : . LOWER flat :- ; large sunny rooms; marble
mant'ic. bnth, yard and cellar; 7S Elliot Park,
off Stelner at, near Geary. Apply 1911 °*_f__
? d tenant; flat. 6 rooms, bath, yard.
!_:■: Fell ■ ; ' handle.
lEW modern Bunny bay-window flat. 5
rooms and bath. 917 Golden Gate aye.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mntUng. S! PT year.
BOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
comfortable clean housV-
keeplng rooms; delightful place: private res
EIGHTEENTH, 3438 Sunny furnished bay-
wind keeping: J7.
i. L3th and 14th 3 furnished house-
keeping rooms; neat; convenient; garden.
FIFTH, 322 Large sunny front housekeeping
room; complete; bath; private; $8, or 2 $10.
FIFTH, S4S A suite ol rooms furnished for
keeping; rent cheap.
FIFTH in furnished housekeeping, 3
$13; also single, i up.
FILLMORE, 618, neai Hayes— Adjoining fur-
nished rooms for light hsekpg. from <s to $12.
FILLMORE, 2212, near CJay 8 large sunny
unfurnished rooms, nice yard, water. $10.
GEABY, 1917 $18; fi r adults; 4 comfortable
a and bath; 2 beds; 2 stoves, gas and
coal; every convenience.
GEARY, 512 . 3 large sunny housekeeping
rooms: all modern improvements; no chil-
dren; $18.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—2 well-furnished
sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
Bat- stove; use of tek-phonp.
HICKORY aye.. 181, near Gough— Tjro furnish-
ed housekeeping rooms. $».
HOWARD 040, nr. 3d-Punny bay-window rms;
also single; 2:,. 76c night: $1. $2 50_week.
- i:l . 704, Nicely furnished
single, double and hkp. rms.; reas:; transient.
HOWARD, SOs'/s. near Fourth— Sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
HnWARD 1068— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete: all conveniences; $1 25 per week ujjl
HOWARD, U2BA— Sunny front suite complete
for houpekpg. : $3 per we.-k ; Ameri'-an family.
JESSIE 178, near Sixth— Two or three rooms
furnished for housekeeping; parlor floor.
Me ,M I.ISTICH, 714 '.'. sunny unfurnished houee-
keeplng rooms, with use of bcth; rent $13.
MINNA 546— 2 or 3 nicely furnished sunny
ro, ms, complete for housekeeping; convenient.
MINT aye., H Middle or lower flat. 4 and 3
rooms. Inquire premises.
MISSION.! v;j: ' Emmy suite complete housekeep-
ing. 12, Large rooms, $2.
MISSION, 1241-2 furnished rooms; lower floor;
-t. ye; yard; reasonable.
MISSION, DM 3 large sunny rooms, com-
plete for h-usekeeplng.
OAK 21—3 large sunny front rooms, complete
for housekeeping; newly renovaledL
pERRY 166— Nice sunny bay-window front
room; use of kitchen; very convenient.
BIXTH, Ll'.'j- Ni'-ely furnished housekeeping
rooms' and single; reas.; sunny; pleasant
SIXTH, tW> B*T»wlndOW housekeeping rooms,
single and en suite; bath; reasonable.
THIRD, MO— Two rooms complete for house-
keeplng. $1 50 p<*r week.
TURK IMB— l or 3 sunny furnished or unfur-
nished rooms suitable for light housekeeping.
TWENTIETH, 3t">22. near Valencia—2 sunny
furnished connecting rooms; bath; sink.
UNFURNISHED— Large alcove parlor and
housekeeping rooms. 603 Eddy Bt.
VALENCIA. 834Vi— 2 or 3 furnished rooms for
housekeeping; bath; yard; $12.
Van nes I, (00 Elegantly furnished corner
flat; 3 rooms and bath; gas range; NE cor-
ner: reasonable to responsible parties^
VAN NESS aye.. fi2o— Sunny front suites and
single rooms, with kitchen; reasonable.
I LARGE sunny furnished rooms; complete for
ekeeplng; 2 folding beds, one in klt'hen,
n bedr 10m; $11 per month. $2 ~:> per week.
Apply at shoe store. r,«2 Mission st.. between
First and Sw,,mi street*.
ROOMS TO LET.
AKLl^ilTON^House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
6unny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT H.,tei Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service: elevator;
bath; rooms, We to $1 60 day. mis. J. kinu.
AT U Stockton st., "The Pup"— Nicely fur-
I nished rooms for gentlemen.
BUSH, 421. near Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas ■ ■■ ishst m<i. $1 up.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
, nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD, 104 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 8, -corner r.. well— Furnished front sunny
rooms, bay window, $2 to $3 iO week.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
EDDY. 473— Bright sunny single room; well
furnished; rent low. ■
ELLIS, 595— Fine suite of rooms, newly fur-
nished; board of needed.
FOLSOM, 776',.— Nicely furnished room, $4.
GEARY, 556 — Elegant | sunny parlor; piano,
phone; suites; other rooms light housekeeping.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
GRANT aye.. 1 309— Bay-window suite or single
rooms; transient.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $150 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 761%— Nicely furnished bay-window
and other double and single rms.; reasonable.
IF you want a room see our fully described
' list; saves time and trouble. If you want
roomers register here. MATHESON'S Agency,
room 209, 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
MCALLISTER. 726, above Gough— Furnished
front or back parlor; cheap.
MINNA, 687. corner Eighth— furnished,
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
OCTAVIA 1403, corner Geary— Sunny bay-
window, $£; with kitchen, gas stove, $12.
O'FARRELL. Sunny rurnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month. :
O'FARRELL, 271 — Elegant modern sunny
rooms, suite and single; convenient; reason-
■able.
POWELL, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room; reasonable.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis Incandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room per night, 35c to $150;
week. $2 to $8; month, $8. to $30; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth at.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON. 403. corner of Fifth— Large front
room, suitable for 2; rent cheap.
SUTTER. 1111— Clean and comfortable fur-
nished rooms, single and en suite; also hkpg.
TAYLOR, 1532—3 unfurnished sunny rooms;
Closets, hot and cold water, bath; telephone;
suitable for couple or 2 or 3 gentlemen.
TEHAMA, 473. nr. Sixth— Single sunny room;
private family; $5 month.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3345, corner of Bartlett—
Sunny front rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
VAN NESS aye.. 901— Elegantly furnished suite
and single room; also unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; sun all day; reasonable^
1 LARGE sunn" furnished room suitable for 2 I
gents or man ami wife, $5 per mo. Apply at
shoe store. 562 Mission St., bet. First and
Second sts.
$1 A WEEK— Large sunny single room; closet;
bath: private. 322 Fifth st.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
A— HOME comforts for gentleman or lady »In
respectable family; no objection to aged per-
son or invalid; German preferred. 3550 Nine-
teenth street, near Valencia.
AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $4 a week up; Swedish home.
BARTLETT, 102— Sunny front room with
board; terms reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 807. "The Bingham"— California
and Powell-st. cars: neatly fur.: home comfts.
HYDE. 1344— Rooms, with board, or light house-
keeping; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; gool
home cooking: single, $25; double, $20.
PLEASANT sunny rooms; single and en suite;
home cooking. 712 Van Ness aye.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
pultes and single roo. .s; excellent board.
ROOM and board cheap. 546 Howard st.
SELECT Market-st. suite; connecting bath;
board optional. Hotel Las Palmas, IS2O Mkt.
EUTTER. 1128— Lovsly home; sunny rooms;
overlooking garden: home cooking.
THE Longworth. 622 Geary— front suite
elegantly furnished: single rms.: table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
FED— Little girl to board, from fi to 10
years old, by Protestant lady; will have good
home and discipline; rates reasonable. Ad-
dress 450 Minor aye., San Jose, Cal.
GOOD home for children, $8; infants, $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
RESTAURANTS.
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau-
rant. 44-58-68 Third St.; take elevators; French
dinners. 25c: also a la carte; tel. Red 2951.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market ft.: popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
FINE store fixtures to lei Show cases, 5 Hv-
Ing rooms: bath: cheap. 2848 Folsom St.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. Id-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BEAUTIFUL sunburst containing 10 pearls;
original cost $125; $50. At UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant aye.
TO campers— Foldlt* tents for sale from $1 50
up. Room 24, Flood building.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
A— FINE suits, $10: stylish pants, $2 50. Misfit
Clothing Parlor. 513 Montgomery st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, offlftce -furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures: new and second hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
A AN OVERSTOCK
St. Germain Billiard Co., 409 Market St.; all
styles, new and 2d-hand tables, bar fixtures,
supplies; best beer pumps; cheap; installmls.
FOR sale cheap — Furniture, carpets, looking
glass and divans; every afternoon. 2007 Fill-
more st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, scrap iron and
metals bought. S. F. I. V., 204 Mission st.
NATIONAL cash register and fire and burglar
proof safe for sale cheap. 42 Main st. ;
FOR Bale— Wagon, business, 2-se'at, and har-
ness; cheap. • 12S Twenty-ninth st
FIRST-CLASS billiard table In best of order.
625 Pacific st.
COMBINED punch and shears; medium size
screw cutting lathe. 64S Mission st
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S, £16 Mission St.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
SAFES— All sizes, new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
POLYPHONE. $35; attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl. 931 Mkt.
FES— Bargains In new and second-hand, all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
DENTISTS.
BrTtT S. hTggTnS' Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Market Bt.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without rain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum: thin and strong: much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
PENT A PARLORS. 24 flixth fit.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free. $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings, 2."c up; gold
crowns, $3; gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission st., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
A FULL set of teeth. $5: teeth wltout plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY PEN-
TAL PARLORS. 8 Mason St.. corner Market.
NEW YORK dentist. 969 Mission st., corner
Sixth. .
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling. 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open ev'gs. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
SET of teeth -without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNO. 1841 Polk st.
" SEWING MACHINES^
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;'
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic. Singer, White cheap:
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 16th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rate*. 205 Fourth it .
CITY RK%I KST.4TB.
PATS OVER 10 PER CENT.
$8250—3 handsome new flats, close to the Park;
up-to-date In every respect; marble steps, etc.;
sun in every room; best bargain in the market.
S7&Mo— Rent iti6; splendid new 2-slory and
basement building on Hayes st., not far from
town, containinc 2 handsome sunny fiats of 7
rooms each; lot 25x137:6.
$5250— Washington st., near Powell; 2-story
brick building, containing 10 rooms and base-
ment; large corner lot, 40x77:6; building covers
only portion of lot.
$8500— Rent $72; Mason St., near Clay; 3-story
house. 10 rooms and bath; also double cottage
of 6 rooms each; tot 40x60.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
OCTAVIA STREET RESIDENCE.
$4250— Worth $6500; Octavia, near Broadway;
nice bay-window house, 7 rooms and bath; lot
25x107:6; It commands a superb marine view.
A PARTIAL LIST OF CHEAP LOTS.
$S5 per front foot; lots any size; Guerrero,
between Twentieth and Twenty-first sts. ; in
the heart of th>* Mission warm belt.
SISS0 — Stunyan St.; fronting Golden Gate Park;
25x100:3; mortgage of 1800 can stand.
$4000— A good business corner; Bryant and
Harriet st?., near Sixth: 25x75.
$1500— Union St., between Franklin and Gough;
27:5x137:6: this lot will be cheap at' s2ooo.
$2250— Haight St., between Central and Ma-
sonic ayes. ; four fine building lots.
BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE LOTS.
$SOO to $1000— Lots on Eighteenth, Nineteenth,
Texas and Mississippi sts. ; all ready for build-
ing: street work done; terms, $60 cash, bal-
ance $50 monthly; car lino on Eighteenth sts.;
close to the Union Iran Works, sutar re-
finery, etc.
$1200— Great bargain: Harrison st., near Twen-
ty-fourth; lot 26x100, with cottage of 3 rooms.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
A— $10,000; LARGE corner on Pine St.; lot 57:6 x
82:6, with good improvements; rented for $100;
an offer wanted; bargain.
$2Soo— Pacific st., near Hyde: store and flat
above; also rear house; lot 26x75.
$3500— 51000 cash, balance monthly; 2-story
hnus.' of 8 rooms and bath and basement; large
lot, 25x115, with 2 frontages; rents $27; Doriand
st., near Guerrero.
$11,500— Leavenworth St., near Clay: 40:6x137:R;
improvements in good condition; rent $90; al-
ways rented.
PATS OVER 7 PER CENT.
$13,550— A substantial investment close to
Geary and Larkin sts.; 3 bay-window houses;
always rented; lot 50 feet front.
$3000— Nice home in Sunset District; bay-win-
dow cottage of 6 rooms and bath; lot 50x100,
with stable.
$3250— Rent $27; Clara St.. near Fourth; lot
25x75, with improvements consisting of 2 flats
of a rooms each.
$2400 — Pays $27; good Investment: close to
Third and Bryant sts.; 2 houses; both rented.
PATS 12 PER CENT.
$9000— Handsome new building, close to the
Park panhandle; splendid neighborhood; 3 mod-
ern flats; all rented; lot 50 feet front.
$2200— Clement st., near Fifth aye.; modern
bay-window cottage; 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x
100; stable in the rear.
$7000— Folsom st., near Sixth; lot 37:6x90; 2
houses of 7 rooms each; rent $50.
$2800— Nineteenth st.. near Noe: lot 25x114:
rent $26; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms each.
$6500— Mason st., near Jackson; 2-story brick
residence of 12 rooms; also flat of 5 rooms in
rear; extra large lot; 35x127:6.
HANDSOME NEW RESIDENCE.
$50fi cash, balance same as rent; $4750, re-
duced from $5500; up-to-date house In every re-
spect; contains 8 rooms, bath, etc.: beautifully
decorated; hardwood floors; Noe St., close to
Haight st. cars.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
AUCTION AUCTION
MAY 17 OF May 17
CHOICE PROPERTIES!
A. M. SPECK & CO.
HAIGHT-ST. LOT.
Lot 25x120 on south line of Hatgrht St., 155
west of Broderlck; a fine residence lot.
MASON-ST. COTTAGE.
Two cottages of 4 and 5 rooms and bath _re-
spectlvely on west line of Mason 6t. (Nos. 1706-
-1707). 34 feet north of Green; renting for $9
and $10 25.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
Lot nfixSHi. with 3 stores, 2 flatß and 4 two-
story houses; renting for $110; on NE. corner
of Twenty-fourth and Shotwell sts.
MASON-ST. CORNER.
Lot 82:6x82:6 on SE. corner of Mason and
Washington sts.. with large 12-room residence;
(mortgage of $5000 can remain.)
22 AND 24 TURK ! T.
Lot 84:4^x137:6, with 3-ptory frame improve-
ments; Nos. L' 2 and 24 Turk Ft.; renting for $200
a. month: this is only $l!u6 feet west of Mason
anil look* into Market St.; this property will
surely increase one-third in 5 years; mortgage
of $19,000 can remain.
RICHMOND BLOCK. LESS 5 LOTS.
Block 195. bounded by Point Lobos aye.,
Clement St.. Fourteenth and Fifteenth ayes.; 5
lots sold out of this block at $750 to $775; this
block fronts on propospd boulevard.
GRAND DOWNTOWN CORNER.
Lot 50xlO» fe.>t. with frame Improvements, on
the SE. corner of Fourth and Mission sts..
rpnting at reduced rates for $434; mortgage of
$35. W0 can remain at 6Vj per cent with the Hl-
bernia Bank; paying 6 per cent net on invest-
ment of $75,000 by leaving mortgage; this is a
chance of a lifetime- to get a corner in the very
best business center of our city; only short
block from Ellis, Stockton and Market Bte.;
must be sold to settle estate.
MAY 17 GOOD PROPERTIES MAY 17
MAY 17 MUST BE SOLD MAY 17
AT SALESROOM OF
A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market St.,
AT 12 O'CLOCK M.
A. J. RICH & CO 112 Montgomery Street
Cost $13,500; price reduced to $10,500 if pur-
chased within 5 days: pays over 11 per cent;
rents $1122 per annum; Baker St.; 3 elegant
modern improved flats: every convenience;
nrar Golden Gate Park Panhandle.
For further particulars and order to ex-
amine apply at our office.
A. J. RICH & CO.,
112 Montgomery Street.
BARGAIN; offer wanted; almost new cottage,
4 large rooms and basement; street complete:
$100 cash. $10 monthly: best part of Mission;
If you don't secure this you should be without
a home. P. A. DOLAN, 40 Montgomery St.,
room 7.
$5000 EACH— Worth $7000; for sale, 2 elegant
dwellings 'on Ashbury Heights, just com-
pleted, each containing 14 finished rooms and
bath with nttic and hasoment; finest marine
and 'park view; lots 26x100; take Hatght-st.
or any park electric cars to Masonic aye., 1
block south of Frederick st. Particulars at
premises.
$7roo— HOUSE R rooms and bath; lot 25x125.
Call between 7 and 12 a. m., 429 Douglass st.
$100 CASH, $25 mo.; $1900-$2400; 4-5 rm. cottages;
H block from cars. 524 Eli/Hh.Mh, or 11XA 11th.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law;
sixth floor, Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees: call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
NO charge unless successful; advice free; of-
fice open evenings from 7 to 10. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604. Emma Spreckels bldg.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. H27 Market St.
iICYCLES.
NEW triplet cheap; must soli. JOE HOLLE,
Twentieth and Folsom sts.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE.
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice Is
hereby given that on the 17th day of April.
1839, the Bakersfleld and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed its application in writing.
In the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfield and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April. 1899, called for the purpose of
passing upon the question. It was resolved to I
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora- j
tion and that such resolution was passed' by j
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders, and 1
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and de-
scription, have been fully paid and dis-
charged.
Wherefore, It was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition
and application that th» undersigned, as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication In some newspaper
published in the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days.
Therefore, all persons bavins; any interest
In the matter of said application or desiring
to oppose the granting of the same are here-
by notified to file in my office, on or before
the 22d day of May, 1599, any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of
said petition.
In. testimony whereof, I have hereunto set
my hand and the official Eeal of said court
this the 17th day of April. 1599.
(Seal) WILLIAM A. DEANE.
County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Clerk of the
Superior Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court-
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
MERRY HILL property, sVfe acres, overlooking
city of Paso Robles, in western suburbs; fin.
mineral water; excellent location for resort
or summer residence. For full particulars
address box F, Paso Robles, Cal.
EIGHT acres; chicken ranch; 4-room house
stable; chicken houses; brooder house; or-
chard, In hay, vines and berries; 1 mile to
liostrffiee and school; finest location. Call at
3378 1 * Twenty-fourth st., or address M. E. M.
$1000, WORTH $1500— House, 3 rooms and base-
ment; newly painted; chicken house, barn;
well of water; lot 60x125 feet; southeast cor-
Washington and Clara sts., Colma, San Ma-
teo Co. CHAS. C. FISHER. 624 Market st.
$500—75x100; HOUSE, barn and well at Colma.
C. C. FISHER, 624 Market st.
FOR sale, cheap — Charming summer residence
and large grounds on Cowichan Lake. Van-
couver Island; unexcelled salmon and trout
fishing and hunting: owner leaving eountrj-.
Apply to DR. FOOTE. Duncans, Vancouver
Island.
NEW rich land near city; small and larg*
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of !mmense crop*
raised In dry season of 1597-98 addiess THK
COTATI CO.. SO2 California it. S. F.
RANCH of 15 acres; within 2 miles of Peta-
luma; In orchard and garden land. Address
J. C. WISEMAN, box 174. Petaluma.
$350 — IN SAN BENITO County; 160 acres home-
stead abandonment; 60 acres cultivable: 12
acres tn wheat. Address box 803. Call.
$6 TO J3O an acre; list free, crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County, Ca!.
FRUIT, grain and ock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM & CO.. «0 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, K. pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year
PROPERTY • TO EXCHANGE.
FIRST-CLASS Improved Chicago Income prop-
erty to exchange for California property, city
or country. J. P. MYERS, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Stxth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6^ per cent on real estate. 2a
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg.. chattels,
undiv'd lnt'ts. etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Ex-
aminer building.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing,
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save Inter-
est Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
10 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. H per year.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE <fc TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
Ing, advance, etc. 73" Market: tel. Black "il.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATB.
$25 CASH. $5 60 monthly till paid for: a new
3-room cottage; high basement; lot 50x254
feet: price all told $42.',: Westall Trnct. in
tropical Frultvale. adjoining East Oakland:
rich soil: grand view; superb climate; n
winds nor foes here: electric cars ani
foot wide boulevard near; not far from a fine
3-story schoolhouse; there are quite a number
of S. F. merchants now located In tbil
tion. Call or send for circular to (58 B(
st. near corner Broadway, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
OAKLAND FURNISHED COTTAGE-
FURNISHED cottase of 6 rooms: to adults
only; references. Apply at 75S Eleventh st.,
Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE F6R SALE).
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, nth and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
$800— LOT 50x120; fine northwest corner.
$1100—50x150; west side Lafayette st.
Lot 70x125 on Central aye.; only $10 per
foot.
$850—25x150: house, 7 rooms.
J2.*)00— 50x125; cottage, 6 rooms; all street
work done.
$3500—50x150; elegant S-room house; Morton-
et. station.
All the above can be bought on small pay-
ments down and the balance can remain on
flat mortgage.
AXAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park st. and 18 Post St., S. F.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
$1000— LOT 50x150. with small cottage; on mac-
adamized street: near station and school.
$1600— Lot 30xl.'i0, with 7-room cottage; near
station and High School; easy terms.
$2600— Lot 40x207, with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$25 per month.
$3200— Lot 43x138; fine new modern 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one of the
main avenues; near station; $500 cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month; great snap.
Houses to let in all parts of the city.
H: P. MOREAL « CO.,
1423 Park St., Alameda.
WANTED— To exchange, a desirable lot In
Alameda for one in San Francisco north of
Market st. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park St.,
Alameda.
ALAMEDA ROOMI
NICE sunny furnished room to one or two gen-
tlemen, 2 blocks from Grand st depot. 1606
Pacific nve.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies In delicate health: large
grounds; private. MRS. FI'XKE. 1416 Sth st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MONEY to loan for building artistic homes In
Scenic Park. Berkeley; directly adjoining uni-
versity grounds; view unsurpassed; all
agents in Berkeley have my property for sale
except where loan is required. Apply in per-
son or by letter to F- M. WILSON. Berkeley.
ELMHURST REAL ESTATK.
A VERY choice business corner store, with 5
living rooms adjoining; large barn, shed and
chicken house and yard.
A large lot, well Improved, situated on the
Oakland and Haywards electric road; will
sell at a great bargain: everything In fine
condition: see It and make us an offer. PIT-
TOCK, Real Estate, opp. power house, Elm-
hurtit.
~MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage license? have bepn issued as follows:
Ludovico Foletta and Maria Camanini...
Henry W. Brantenberg and Marthn Geary. 3l-31
James A. Maguire and Etta Sehletenberg.. 34-32
John W. Hatch and Angellne K. Allen U-tl
William H. Henderson and Grace Compton. 4o-26
W. P. A hern and Mary O'Neill ;■• gj
Peter Brandoni and Ida Harsottt ::i is
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at eith«r of the DUbllcatlon offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
KOTELMAN— In this city. May 15, 1899. to the
wife of F. W. Kotelman. a son.
McPHEDRAN- In this city, May 12, 1899, to
the wife of James McPhedran. a sun.
MACLURKIN— In this city. May 12, 18M, to
the wife of Alfred R. Maclurkin, a daughter.
STBWART— In this city. May 7, 1599, to the
wife of William Stewart, a .sun.
DIED~
Boden, John F. Dunning (infant)
Boehm, Herman Harris, Charles P.
Bowen, Jam.-s Hartman. Joseph
Brarens, Henry Hedden. Mary A.
Brennan, Hazel T. Lee, William 11.
Buchanan. Julia Markham, John J.
Carroll, Hlldegard Michelson, Margaret
Carter, Rebecca T. Morales. Nicholas
Cassidy, John Pierce. Fred A.
Coin. Cecile Regan, William I.
Conran. Thomas Vailes. Lucy
Cook, John Valiant. Charles
Crouch, Annie Vincent. James B.
Delano, Charles M. Wallace, P. J.
BODEN— In this city, May 15. 1899, John F.,
beloved husband of Petra Boden, father of
John F., George A. and Fred C. Boden. and
brother of Penelope A. and John H. Boden.
a 'native of Hamburg, Germany, aged 65
years. - -• ' ■
t^Funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2
o'clock, from his late residence, 1341 Powell
street. Interment private.
BOEHM— In this city, May 1.", 1899. Herman
Boehm, father of Charles, Herman and Alber-
tlna Boehm, a native of Germany, aged 51
years and 9 months.
BOWEN— In this city. May 15, 1899, James
Bowen, a native of the City of Cork, Ire-
land, aged 28 years. (New York papers
please copy.)
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington
. street, thence to St. Francis Church at 9:30
o'clock for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BRARENS— In this city. May 14. 1899, Henry,
beloved husband of Anna Brarens, father of
Hattle, Harry. Ella, Mabel and Arthur Brar-
ens, son of Hannah Brarens, and brother of
Peter and Fred Brarens and Mrs. C. Seifert.
a native of Island Fohr, Schleswlg-Holstein,
Germany, aged 3S years 8 months and 13 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 120 Dorland street, between Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth, Church and Dolores.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Dolores
streets at 10:30 o'clock.
BRENNAN— In this city. May 14, 1899, Hazel
Theresa, beloved daughter of Thomas F. and
Sophie M. Brennan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 years and 11 days.
C^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 232 Laussat avenue, off
Stelner street, between Waller and Halght.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BUCHANAN— In this city. May 13. 1899, Julia,
dearly beloved wife of James E. Buchanan
Jr., sister of Hannah, Maggie, Patrick and
Timothy O'Leary, daughter-in-law of James
and Johanna Buchanan, and sister-in-law of
William and Joseph Buchanan and Mrs. W.
J. Stafford, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 28 years S months and ,'. days.
Ct^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 213 Ninth street, between Howard and
Folsom, thence to St. Joseph's Church, Tenth
street, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cros3
Cemetery.
CARROLL— In this city, May 14. 1899, Hilde-
gard, wife of James Carroll, and sister of Dr.
Park O. Niel and Mrs. F. S. Ingram, a native
of San Francisco, aged 37 years 5 months and
14 days.
IT^Funeral this day (Tuesday), at 2:30
o'clock, • from her late residence, northwest
corner of Twenty-fourth and Mission streets.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CARTER— In this city. May 14, 1899, Rebecca
■Titcomb Carter, a native of Newburyport.
Mass., aged 56 years and 14 days. (Boston.
Mass , • and San Diego, Cal.. papers please
copy.) •
C^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services at her late resi-
dence, 116 Turk street, this day (Tuesday),
at.l o'clock. . Interment private.
CASSIDY— In this city. May M. 1559, John, be-
loved husband of Jane Cassidy, and father
of John J., Charles F. and Virginia A. Ca»-
sidy, Mr . Q. 11. Wiegner and Mrs. M. A.
Greely, a native of Dublin, Ireland, aged 61
years.
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3104 Point Lobos avenue, thence to
Star of the Sea Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o clock.
Interment private. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
COIN— In Oakland. May 14. 1899, Cecile. beloved
wife of the late Raymond Coin and mother of
Albert R. Coin and Mrs. D. F. O'Connell, a
native of France, aged 55 years 7 months and
24 vs.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1370 Broadway, thence to St. Fran-
cis de Sales' Church, where a solemn requium
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
CONRAN— In this city. May 14, 1899. Thomas
Conran, a native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
COOK— In this city. May 15, 1899. John Cook,
member of the Exempt Fire Company, Cres-
cent Engine Company No. 10. S. F. V. F. D.,
i and the Veteran Volunteer Fire Association.
[ a native of New York, aged 67 years.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S ASSO-
ciatlon— Officers and members of the associa-
tion are requested to assemble at headquar-
ters. Pioneer building, to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 1 o'clock, to attend the funeral of
our late fellow member, John Cook.
STEPHEN BUNNER. President.
JAMES PENNYCOOK, Rec. Sec.
! CROUCH— this city, May 13, 1899, after a
long and painful illness, Annie, dearly be-
loved wife of Thomas Crouch, mother of
Alfred, Lee, Percy and Tom Crouch. Mrs. J.
Scheuer, Mrs. W. Sullivan and Mrs. W.
Tucker, grandmother of Fred Scheuer. daugh-
ter of Mrs. A. Davis, and sister of James
Davis, a native of London, England, aged
52 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, corner of Miguel and Arlington streets.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DELANO— In this city, May 14. 1599, Charles M.
Delano, a native of Vermont, aged 68 years.
(Boston, Mass., papers please copy.)
ETFuneral services at 3 o'clock this day
(Tuesday), at his late residence, 2522 Clay
street. Interment prtvate.
DUNNING— In this city. May 14, 1899. infant
son of Edward and Maggie Dunning, and
brother of William and Agnes Dunning.
HARRIS— In this city, May 15, 1899. Charles
P., dearly beloved husband of Mary E. Har-
ris, a native of Suffolk County, New York,
aged 53 years S months and 2 days.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
HARTMAN— In this city, May 13. 1599, Joseph,
beloved son of Jacob and the late Paulino
Hartman, and brother of Moses. Simon. Max
and Hannah Hartman and Mrs. Ida Gleich-
man, a native of San Francisco, aged 13
years and 11 months.
(T~TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, hi" Cough street. Interment New
Salem Cemetery by electric car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
HEDDEN— this city. May 15. 1899. Mary
Ann, widow of the late James Hedden.
and mother of Mrs. Harriet E. Minor of
Arcata. Cal.. Mrs. M. D. Evans of De Witt.
lowa Mrs. W. H. H. Hart, Mrs. George M.
Wood, ; Mrs. J. F. Fassett. Mrs. W. E. Pol-
lock and Mrs. C. D. Watson of San Francisco.
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 72 years 7
months and 7 days.
(C?' Funeral services at Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery Chapel to-morrow (Wednesday), at 3
o'clock. No flowers.
LEE— In this city, May 15, 1899, William Har-
ney Lee, son of Dixon L. and Rosetta .Siedg-
ley Lee, aged 6 years 8 months and 4 day?.
[^Funeral this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock,
from northwest corner of Seventeenth and
Bryant streets. Interment private.
MARKHAM— In this city, May 14, 1899. John
J. Markham, a native of England, aged 66
years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at I. O. O. F.
Hall corner Market and Seventh street, un-
der the auspices of Encinal Lodge. I. O. O.
F., Alameda. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery-
MICHELSON— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. May IS, 1899. Margaret Michelson. a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 60 years. •
MORALES— In this city. May 14. 1899. Nicholas
Morales, a native of Mexico, aged IS years.
PIERCE— In this city. May 14. 1 99. Fred Ar-
thur, son of F. C. Pierce, and nephew of the
late Joseph Pierce, a native of San Francisco,
aged 16 years 7 months and 4 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respe<«t-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Chapel of
the Good Samaritan, Second street, near
Folsom.
REGAN— In South San Francisco, May 14.
1899, William 1., dearly beloved son of Jere-
miah and Hanorah Regan, and beloved broth-
er of John and Joseph Regan, Mrs. M. Lov-
ett and Mrs. J. D. Barry, a native of San
Francisco, aged 24 years 3 months and 15
days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1441 Seventh avenue south,
thence to All Hallows' Church, N street, be-
tween Fifteenth and Sixteenth avenues south.
South San Franicsco, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
VAILES— In this city. May 15. 1599. Lucy,
youngest daughter of Richard and Ann
Vailes, and sister of John and James Vailes.
Mrs. Lizzie Parker and Mrs. E. A. Williams
of Napa, Cal., a native of Bands Lake, Cana-
da, aged 33 years. (Canadian papers please
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents. 2014% Stockton street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
VALLANT— this city. May 15. 1899, Charles
Valiant, a native of Paris, France, aged 59
years.
VINCENT— In this city. May 14, 1899, James 8..
beloved husband of the late Annie M. Vin-
cent, and father of Hazel Vincent, a native
of Massachusetts, aged 3 years and 10 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WALLACE— In this city, May 13, 1599. P. J.
/Wallace, a native of Ireland, aged 81 years.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMSIUt
. 20 Fifth it., opposite Lincoln Scttoat,
Ttltphon* 6cfuih W.
1112
TRIED TO BLACKMAIL
AN ARMY OFFICER
Unsuccessful Attempt to Extort Money
From Major Matthews of the
Presidio Hospital.
During His Absence a Discharged Soldier Opens
His Desk and Steals Valuable Papers.
Arrested by One of His
Comrades.
THROUGH the effort? of Sergeant
of Police Baldwin and J. J
:m attache of the general
.il at th<> Presidio, a clevi r
h. heme to blackmail the Govern
m< in has; been brought to light.
As the result ,1. A. Weed, a dis
charged soldier, is under arrest charged
with grand larceny. The police are
searching for another man who it is,
claimed assisted Weed in his abortive
attempt to blackmail the Government
,:id incidentally the officers at the Presl-
Aboul a week ago \Wid. who was then
Hospital Corps, during
the temporary absence of the officer in
charge, broke open the Instrument case
tracted about $80 worth of instru
ments. After placing the stolen imple
ments in a sack winch lie had provided
for the Durpose. it is alleged he forced
open the private desk of Major Mat
thews, who has charge of the Presidio
hospital, and appropriated some valuable
documents. He also confiscated the .cor
respondence of the officer in charge' and
general memorandum books belonging to
Major Matthews' private secretary.
The robbery was discovered a short
time afterward and at once reported to
th* police. Chief Lees detailed Sergeant
Baldwin, who enlisted In the arm) of
volunteers during the war with- Spain
and was afterward promoted to be cap
tain of the regiment, to arrast the cul
prit. Discarding his uniform, Baldwin
went among the attaches of the hospital
and by dint of investigation he learned
that Weed was the man he wanted. As
the correspondence was sent from Wash
ington and was of vital importance to the
Government, Major Matthews instructed
Sergeant Baldwin to do all in his power
to arrest the culprit and primarily to re
cover the stolen letters.
Not knowing Weed the astute police of
ficer took J. J. Cooke, who is connected
•with the hospital staff, Into his confidence.
After apprising Cooke of the loss of the
documents Baldwin asked him to assist
him in running down the suspected thief.
Cooke promised to lend his efforts in
catching the discharged soldier, but was
•warned to be on his guard, as Weed
■would not hesitate to shoot if necessary.
While Baldwin and Cooke were scouring
the city for Weed Private Detective Lu
cas visited the Presidio hospital and
asked Major Matthews If his private cor
respondence had been stolen. When an
swered in the affirmative Lucas said that
he could get the stolen letters and anx
iously inquired if a reward had been of
fered for their return. Suspecting, as he
claims, that Lucas was endeavoring to
extort money from him Major Matthews,
to whom he had addressed his conversa
tion, ordered him to leave the hospital.
"Get. out of here," angrily retorted the
major. "Your leg is as black as your
whiskers."
Lucas attempted to explain and was un
ceremoniously hustled out of the hospi
tal.
In the meantime the police were again
appealed to by Major Matthews not to
spare any time in finding Weed and the
stolen documents. As the documents con
sisted of private communications sent to
him by the Secretary of War and told
of the movements of the American troops
at Manila and other hostile places Mat
thews was extremely anxious to recover
them.
Willie Sergeant Baldwin was scouring
the city for Weed Private Cooke of the
hospital corps encountered him on Ellis
street last Sunday morning. He was ac
eompaned by another man, for whom the
police are now searching.
Acting under instructions 4(om Ser
geant Baldwin Cooke proceeded to get
Weed and his accomplice ; intoxicated.
After they had become inebriated Cooke
broached the subject of the robbery at
the Presidio Hospital.
"Don't 'say a word," remarked. Weed in
a maudlin tone; "they must come up with
the stuff or something Is going to happen.
I have been to the newspapers ana the
editors are crazy to get possession of the
documents." One of them offered me ten
thousand dollars to give him the papers.
Poor old Matthews mu3t be sore. We
have communicated with the authorities
al Washington and nave given our price.
They must come to nir or then- will be
trouble. If the contents of the docu
ments were published there would be a
hot old time at the Presidio."
Cooke managed to wring from the dis
charged .soldier that the documents were
lr. his room '>n Mission street, together
with the books belonging to Major Mat
thews' private secretary. After getting
the number of the room Cooke slipped
away from Weed and his friend and went
to th place.
With the aid of a skeleton key with
which he had provided himself he entered
the room, and in a burvau drawer he
found the precious documents,. Placing
them in his cdat pocket lie started to
leave the house, when he was confronted
by Weed and his accomplice. The for
mer, evidently suspecting that he had
got away with the papers that he had
stolen, asked him what he was doing in
' Is room. Cooke explained that he was
visiting a friend and was about to walk
G. C. WEED, the Supposed Thief, Arrested by One of His Former
Comrades at the Point of a Revolver.
way, when Weed announced his deter
mination to search him.
"I guess you won't," answered Cooke.
placing his" hand on his revolver; "I'll
send you to tho morgue if you make a
move."
Evidently mindful of the warning given
him by his superior officer, Cooke drew
his revolver, determined to protect him
self in case Weed attempted to shoot him. •
At this Juncture a citizen named H. 11.
Iveach happened to come alonp. and Bee-
Ing the revolver In Cooke's hand, asked
him what the trouble was. Cooke whis
pered to him that Weed was wanted for
stealing valuable Government documents !
and asked him to induce the discharged
soldier to accompany him to the City \
Leach then spoke to Weed, and after ;
listening to the story as to how he h:id
been "robbed" by Cooke. suggested that
they go to police headquarters to settle
matters. _ _ .
After reaching the City Prison Cooke
ha.-tily Informed Corporal Parrote of the
robbery at the Presidio hospital and the
efforts of the police in trying to run down
Weed. The latter, at this juncture, ac- ;
costed Parrote and demanded that Cooke
be arrested for drawing a revolver on ;
■rnme inside and tell your stories to
Sergeant Brown," advised Parrote
through the wicket of the door leading
to the City Prison. :
As the door swung open Cooke entered, !
followed by Weed and Leach. The lat- \
ter to.d how he had 'seen a revolver in i
Cooke's hand and his apparent determina
tion to shoot Weed if he attempted to as- |
Huult him. . . . .
Cooke repeated the story of how he had ,
recovered the stolen documents and asked |
that Weed be detained until Sergeant
Baldwin could be notified. As a precau
tionary measure Desk Sergeant Brown
charged Cooke with carrying a concealed |
weapon. Weed's name was registered on |
the "small" book, pending further inves- ;
tigation. -..-_.
Yesterday morning Sergeant Baldwin
learned of Cooke's predicament and rush- j
ing to Judge Mogan'a court he had the ;
case against him dismissed. Subs<- j
quently Weed was formally charged with
grand larceny. When seen in the City |
Prison he refused to make a statement, j
except to say that he would "get even"
on Cooke when he is released from jail, j
The police expect to apprehend Weed's !
accomplice to-day.
The documents zero in the possession of
the Property Clerk of the Police Depart
ment, who refuses to reveal their con
tents. Major Matthews is equally reti
cent, but he admits he is extremely anx
ious to have the documents restored to
his keeping.
MORE YOUNG DOCTORS.
Graduating Exercises of the Califor
nia Medical College Class. '
The commencement exercises of the
graduating class of the California Medi
cal '1 College- will be held in Golden Gate
Hall to-morrow evening. The following
doctors of medicine will be launched in
to the world: Albert J. Atkins, Lucian
A. Banter, James Board, Manzanito B.
Bolton, Elmer Clyde Bond, Carl E.
Gurdts, Will Andrew Lavery, Emma A.
Lewis, Flora Cecil Maclean. Edward Mul
lally. Rudolph J. Schmledel. Waldemar
Herbert V. Scholtz, William P. Scott,
Kazumasa Shimizu. Amy Florence Tem
ple, William T. E. Warren Jr.. Roger W.
Webster and William V. Wucox.
After the graduation exercises are over
the relatives and friends of the gradu
ates will be entertained by an interesting
programme in which Mrs. S. P. Blumen-
I . il'. Rev. William Rader, Miss Nellie
Shipley, the Knickerbocker Quartet.
William M. Ogilvie. Eugene Deuprey and
others will take part. The degrees will
bo conferred by the president, Dr. D.
Maclean.
- — '■ ■ ♦ ■ .
One of the surest cures for ulcers and
old sores, burns, etc., is Dr. Sarsfleld's
chronic ulcer salve. For sale by all drug
gists. Three sizes— sl, 60c and 25c,
TIIE SAN FRAKCTSCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 16, 1899.
PUPILS MOST
PASS WRITTEN
EXAMINATIONS
Promotions to Be on
Merit Only.
IMPORTANT ACTION TAKEN
BOARD OF EDUCATION MAKES
STRINGENT RULES.
Report of the Committee on Elemen
tary Schools Adopted at a Spe
cial Session — Check Placed
on the Principals.
The Board of Education made a great
stride toward raising the standard of the
public schools of this city last night when
it adopted the report of the committee on
elementary schools, in referen.ee to the
examination of pupils for promotion to
higher grades. Heretofore there has been
a great deal of laxity in the matter of
conducting examinations fur promotion;
In fact, in many of the schools the cus
tom has been to promote whole classes
simply on the recommendation of the
teachers through the principals. This an
tiquated method Is to he done away with
completely and the principals will here
ai'trr be held strictly accountable for the
efficiency and qualifications of the pupils
under their charge. Those pupils who fall
to attain the degree of perfection re
quired for promotion to a higher grade
will not be able to secure advancement
through the good offices of their teachers
as heretofore.
The board met in special session to re
ceive the report of the committee, which
was presented in the form of a set of res
olutions prepared by Superintendent Web
ster by request, as follows: .
Resolved— First— That written examina
tions for promotion of pupils in all grades
from the fourth to the eighth, both inclu- \
sive, be held at dates to be designated I v
the superintendent, in the following manner,
to wit:
Teachers of succeeding (trades under the
supervision of principals shall examine and
credit the papers of the pupils of the grades
next preceding on questions submitted from
the superintendent's office in the following
subjects of study, to wit:
(a) Spelling, defining, word analysis;
standard 100 credits.
fl>) Grammar or language lessons; stand
ard 100 credits. »
(c) Arithmetic (written); standard 100
(d) Arithmetic (mental): standard &0
credits.
(c) Geography; standard 100 credits.
(f) History; standard 100 credit*.
Second— That pupils of the ninth grade
report to the high schools at dates to be
designated by the superintendent, and there
be examined by the faculties thereof in
questions to be submitted from the super
intendent's office on subjects specified in
the first.
Third — That a minimum percentage of 60
in each subject and a minimum average of
70 per cent be required for promotion.
Fourth— That the scope of the examination
for each grade be as indicated by the
schedule of work dated July 28, IS9S.
Fifth— All ■ papers submitted by pupils
shall be credited and placed in the custody
of the principal on the morning following
the day on' which the examination is given,
and by him forwarded through the secre
tary's (ice to the superintendent before 10
o'clock on said morning.
That class reports stating the names of
pupils, the percentage secured by each on
each subject and on the average shall be
sent to the superintendent on the day fol
lowing the date of the final examination.
The board went into committee of the
whole to consider the report. After a
long: discussion the committee arose and
reported in favor of the adoption of the
report, which was at once none.
"I regard the adoption of the report of
the Committee on Elementary Schools as
the most important action the board has
taken in months," said President Ber
gerot after adjournment. "There will bo
no more promotions without proper ex
aminations and the principals of the va
rious schools will be held strictly ac
countable for the enforcement of the new
rule. Our purpose is to put a check on
principals and to raise the standard of
the schools, which has been seriously im
paired by the lax methods of the past,
and it is expected that this result will be
largely attained by the enforcement of
these resolutions."
RECORDING MINING LOCATIONS.
An Important Opinion Relating to
State Laws and District Rules.
Mining locations was the subject of an
opinion rendered by Attorney General 'ii
rey L. Ford yesterday. It was in reply
to a letter from James W. Bartlett of
Weaverville and bears upon the duties
of County Recorders with reference to re
cording mining locations and the fees for
the same. After setting forth the laws
bearing upon the question Mr. Ford
writes:
From the foregoing provisions I conclude
that a notice of a mining claim is entitled to
be recorded in the county in which the claim
is situated; that It is the duty of the County
Recorder to keep books for that purpose and
to record the same, upon the payment of the
fees, in the same manner as he Is required in
recording other instruments.
As before seen there is at present no State
law requiring such notices to be recorded and
their recordatlon Is not necessary. If the dis
trict mining rules should require such notices
to be recorded in the office of the County He
corder then it Is my opinion that the notice
should be so recorded, and. it would be the
duty of the Recorder to record it In the proper
books. Heretofore a great many of the min
ing districts in this State had rules requiring
notices of location to be posted and . recorded
in the office of the County Recorder.
That such notices, when bo recorded, might
constitute a good and legal record of the pos
sessory claim seems to have been the object
the Legislature had In view in making pro
vision for their recordation. Such notices, how
ever, are not required, to be recorded with the
County Recorder in the absence of a district
rule or custom requiring the same. Out when
there is a district rule or custom requiring the
notice to be recorded with the County Re
corder, then, as before seen, the -Legislature
has. by the sections of , the code referred to
made provision for their recordation. » • • '
• m • ,
ELITE FRENCH AW ARE DAY.
Some articles cut GO per cent.
Some articles cut '50 per cent. ■
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
• Stores 'Every "■
PATRICK TIERNEY WAS
A WELL-TO-DO BEGGAR
He Lived in a Ten -Cent Lodging House and Had a
Hoard of Money in Bank.
PATRICK TIERNEY was a professional beggar and lived in all the filth,
squalor and privation that are supposed to be the lot of paupers, but he had
$900 in the Hlbernia Bank and real estate in this city valued at $40u0.
A little more than six months ago he was convicted of being a profes
sional healthy beggar, and was given a sentence of six months' imprisonment in
the County Jail. His term of imprisonment expired a fow days ago and he re
sumed his old avocation; but his system had been undermined by the unwonted
cleanliness and the good board of the jail and he emerged from prison a sick
man.
Yesterday morning the bedmaker. an ex-prize lighter whose duty it is to
arouse late sleepers among the '■bums" who patronize the Empire Lodging House
at 639 Clay street, found that Mr. Tiarney had got more than his 10 cents' worth
out of the house, for he couldn't get out of bed without the assistance of the
Coroner's deputies and a black box from the Morgue.
Tierney was an old man and death was undoubtedly due to natural causes.
DEATH CLOSES
A USEFUL LIFE
MRS. REBECCA TITCOMB CAR
TER, who for many years has
served faithfully and well in the
public schools of this city, passed
away on Sunday afternoon at her resi
dence, 116 Turk street. Her service in
this city covers a period of over thirty
years, and during that time she made a
host of friends, both among her early
pupils— many of whom are now lighting
the battle of life for themselves— and
-»-<»> -»-<?>.-♦-'»-♦-■?>-■»-<;>-"»-■.'?■-♦-$>-♦- 0
among the parents of those who have lat
terly been under her care. She held
(hisses in the South Cosmopolitan School
for a long time, but had since been trans
ferred to the Fremont Primary.
Mrs farter was born in Newburyport,
Mass. lifty-six years ago* Her death
was caused by the shock from a surgical
operation performed on her in the Latie
Hospital a few days ago. She loaves two
children Mrs. Frank Roller and George
A. Carter.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST
Grand Circle Organizes and Transacts
Preliminary Business — Pro
posed Amendments.
The annual session <>f the Grand Circle
of the Companions of the Forest was
called to order yesterday by Supreme
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Sarah Bev
erson. There were present all- the su
preme Rrand officers, Past Supreme
Grand Chief Companions John Falconer,
Mrs. A. Phillips and Mrs. Minnie Asher
and forty-two delegates.
The committee on credentials, Mes
daraes Bacon. Phelps and Murdock, pre
sented their report, upon which the dele
gates were seated.
The supreme grand chief companion
read her report, which showed a member
ship of 1700 and an increase in finances in
all the circles as well as in members.
The following committees were then ap
pointed: Distribution— Miss Seleman, Mrs.
Furgeson and C. Ball; Mileage—Mes
dames Plunkett, Ayling and Polk; Press
—John Falconer. Mrs. Page and Mrs.
"Wagoner; State of the Order— J. Zimmer
man. Mrs. Kenke and Clara Stevens;
Finance— Mrs. Sweet, Mrs. Fernandez and
Mrs. Kleigel.
A number of matters were discussed in
an informal way and an adjournment was
taken until 9:30 o'clock this morning.
In the evening the supreme grand offi
cers, the delegates and members of the
order to the number of sixty formed a
theater party ami went to the Alcazar.
To-day there will be presented a num
ber of proposed amendments affecting the
right of past, grand chief companions to
vote in the Grand Circle, biennial ses
sions, mileage and honorary membership.
ALUMNI BANQUET.
Will Be Tendered to President Kel-
logg, Professor Le Conte and
Regent Pardee.
The Alumni Association of the Univer
sity of California will tender a banquet to
President Kellogg, Professor Joseph Le
Conte and Dr. George C. Pardee. '?), in
the rooms of the Merchants' Club, 222
Sansome street, to-night. President Kel
logg and Professor Le Conte are members
of the original faculty of the university,
and as the former Is about to retire the
alumni thought it but fitting to tender
him a banquet while he was still with the
college. On account of his many y-2ar.-;'
faithful service Professor Le Conte was
also included, and the invitation was ex
tended to Dr. Pardee, as he was the last
Regent appointed to the board. The
toasts will oe responded to as follows:
The Alumni Association, Dr. A. A..
d'Ancona, president of the Alumni; ■Uni
versity Growth, President Mttrtin Kel
logg: Student Awakening. T. S. Eds ton,
'99; The Regent Alumni. Dr. George C.
Pardee. '79; The Associated Alumni. Pro
fessor \V. E. Ritter. '88, president of the
Associated Alumni Council: Our Sphere
of influence, Hon. John R. Glasscock,
'68; The University of Political Reform,
Professor Joseph Le Conte.
The committee of arrangements consists
of P. H. Dam, 'M: Professor George M.
Stratton, '86; Louis de F. Bartlett., '93;
Miss Jessica Piexotto, '94, and l'resident
A. A. d'Ancona.
CONFIRMATION RITES
FOR JEWISH CHILDREN
IMPRESSIVE CEREMONIES IN
TWO SYNAGOGUES.
Children Received Into tho Faith of
Their Fathers by Rabbi Jacob
Voorsanger and Rabbi Nieto.
.Tcmplos Kmanu-Kl and Sherlth Israel
were beautifully decorated yesterday In
honor of thp children of Jewish faith who
were to receive the rite of confirmation In
their houses of worship.
The. ceremony proper commenced In
Temple Eraanu-El at 9:30 o'clock and
concluded at 12:30, one-half hour later.
Ten o'clock was the hour fixed for the
ceremony at Sherith Israel. At these
hours both places of worship were
thronged with the parents of the chil
dren and their numerous friends, who
came to witness the ceremony and ex
tend a welcome hand to those who on this
occasion accepted additional stimulant to
the promises made for them by their
parents at an earlier stage of their ex
istence — that of walking in the faith of
their forefathers and obeying the com
mandments as laid down by Moses.
At the Temple Kmanu-El the Rev. Ja
cob Voorsanger, D. D., officiated, while
the Rev. E. J. Stark, cantor, conducted
the musical portion of the service. The
children, who were accompanied to the
body of the synagogue by their parents,
were as follows:
Linda Clara Bachman. Bertha Baden. Hulda
' Block, Helen Marion Hremer, A'iola Frances
Bunzi, Teaale Cohen, Alma Gloria Davis, Ethel
Jessica Davis, Vera Ellon, Fanny Fay Epp
steln, Hilda Alice Flyshaker, Jeannette Groe
sehel, Florence S. Guggenheim, Hazel Gertrude
Isenburpr, Amy C. Kahn, Fanny Strau.ss Kalni.
Essie Kron, Motile Levy. Miriam Meyerfleld,
Miriam Alma Myers, Ethel Rosalind Newman,
May Newman, Rita Gertrude Newman, Ida
Rothschild, Edna Hrirt Schweitzer, Beatrice S.
Scheeline, Ella Sondheim, Irma Sarah AV. df-
Bteln, Raymond Solomon Cerf, Joseph Frank.
Mhx Kahn, Ben.l. Naphtaly Nordham, Berthold
Nordham. Harold l'lumas Scheellne, Mervyn
Strauss, I>avld Garficld Wohlner.
At Sherith Israel the Rev. Jacob Nieto.
D. D., officiated, assisted by the Rev.
David S. Davis, who conducted the mu
sical portion of the service. In this taber
nacle also the parents and friends of the
little ones were present in numbers. The
following children were confirmed: Milton
Badt, Theodore Friedlander, Estelle Har
ris, Celia Lewis, Julia Posener, Sanford
Samuel,- Sylvain Samuel, Monroe
Schwalbe, Theresa Summeriield, Willie
Summerneld, Ella Thall. Ida Young.
At the homes of the children last night
there was open house for all who saw tit
to visit them irrespective of religion or
nationality. The children will never for
get their fourteenth birthday, the age In
the Jewish faith at which the rite of con
firmation is administered.
WORKMEN'S REUNION PICNIC.
Final Arrangements Made for a
Grand Annual Outing at San
Jose.
Walter Malloy, chairman of the picnic
committee of the A. O. U. W., has about
concluded all the arrangements for the
annual outing of the order at Agricul
tural Park in San Jose to-morrow.
The committees have all worked hard
and the results are manifest in the larpe
number of prizes secured for distribution
ns gate and game prizes. Fourteen games
have been carefully arranged and will
be under the special supervision of a
competent committee. Four special con
tests by ballot have also been devised, as
follows: Most popular past grand mas
ter, gold-headed cane; most popular dis
trict deputy, handsome badge; most pop
ular past master, past master's certifi
cate, handsomely framed, donated by
Frank S. Poland, grand recorder. Also
a guessing contest for ladies for which
four prizes will be given to • the four
ladles making the best guesses.
An important feature of the programme
has been prepared by the manager of the
park— an open coursing match.
Bicycle Order Delayed.
OAKLAND, May 15.— The City Council
to-night again postponed action on the
bicycle ordinance. A delegation of wheel
men, headed by Seth Mann, appeared be
fore the Council and made a plea that
cyclists who respected the law should not
be ordered off the sidewalks and that the
law-breakors should be arrested and pun
ished. Other petitions asked that the
cyclists be kept off the sidewalks entire
ly, and the matter was again sent back
to the street committee. It also passed
a resolution ordering the Board of Works
to paint the City Hall steps, as the En
deavorers are to gather here Wednesday
for the State convention.
TO EXCLUDE JAPANESE
FROM PUBLIC SCHOOLS
The Western Addition Improvement Club
Will Institute a Crusade.
Strong Resolutions Adopted by Three Hundred
Prominent Citizens Urging That the $1.10
Gas Rate Be Recognized.
THE Western Addition Improve
ment Club, composed of over three
hundred of the leading citizens^ and
principal taxpayers of San Fran
cisco, has commenced a crusade
for the exclusion of Japanese chil
dren from the public schools. This is the
first move which has been made in this
matter, and the club proposes to press
its import on the citizens of this city by
a stringent resolution, which will be in
troduced at its next meeting.
Dr. Charles V. Cross, the president of
the association, brought the matter to
the. attention of the members present.
He urged that it was not within the prov
ince of the United States to educate these
foreigners and that some action should
be taken as early as possible toward clos
ing the doors of our educational system
against them. The doctor stated that he
had many instances in mind where par
ents of girls attending the public schools
of this city were obliged to apply to the
school authorities for the seating of their
children away from the Japanese boys,
and that their presence was distasteful to
American children generally. In part he
said:
"We should appeal to the Board of
Education to exclude Japanese from our
schools. They are not only objectionable
In school rooms, but they occupy seats
which should be reserved for white chil
dren. In many cases children of our own
birth are required to wait months for a
place in the schools, notwithstanding that
hundreds of these foreigners are daily ab
sorbing the advantages which they are
losing. Like the Chinese, they return to
their own land with the money they inter
out of American trade, and never advance
themselves or enhance their surround-
ings.
"Japanese take undue advantage of I
education. They are at present em- ]
ployed by families in positions which
could well be filled by daughters of Amer
ican birth, who need employment, but i
who to-day are obliged to walk the i
streets. Our schools exclude Chinese, and I
1 can discover but little difference be- |
tween the two nationalities, either in in
tellect or manners."
The club then passed a significant reso
lution condemning the excessive rates of ;
the gas monopoly and urging its members
to abide by the rate of $1 10 us fixed by '
the Board of Supervisors early last
month. The resolution was the outcome
of much discussion, in which both sides
of the question were givr-n a proper air
ing and expert testimony offered as to
the cost of the production of gas. The
resolution, introduced by Joseph Nash
and seconded by Charles M. Ingram, was
passed as follows:
Resolved, That it is the sense of
the Western Addition Improvement
Club that the rate of SI 10 for gas, as
made by the Board of Supervisors, is
a fair price and the only legal rate
the gas company can collect; and be it
further
Resolved, That we recommend our
members to pay their bills on that
basis only.
Since the passing of the resolution by
the Supervisors the club has had in con
templation a move by which it could sc
j cure concerted action on the gas ques
; tion. Leading members of the organiza
; tion proposed that it be made the special
S subject for deliberation last night and a
I general notification was sent out. Men
responded t" the roll-call who had not at
i tended meetings for months but who. as
I they expressed it. were anxious for an op
| portunity to strike a blow which might
secure what they believed be a fair and
just price of illumination for the resi
dents of Western San Francisco. M'h»-n
the resolution came to a vote there was
not a dissenting voice.
It was universally the sentiment of the
members present that the gas company
I has been paying large dividends on about
i three times as much stock as it should
possess, and that the combustible could
be manufactured at a figure far less than
the dollar mark.
The speakers denounced the excessive
rate as an outrage on the public, and
urged that the association institute a
crusade which would result in the tear
AD* ERTISEMENTS.
Mackay is
Selling Out
to Quit
Selling out furniture, carpets and house-
hold goods to quit business ; everything in
the store has been reduced in price to close
out at once.
That means household furnishings lower
than you ever got them before. New carpets
for less money than the old ones cost to take
up and clean. Brass bedsteads — th£ kind that
lend beauty and health to the sleeping room —
cheaper than wooden ones.
Provident people appreciate an honest
sale of household necessities, and this is one.
First come are first to pick.
ALEX. MACKAY & SON,
715 MARKET STREET,
Near Call Building:.
Painless Dentistry.
AflSTjfl\ see ° uk new
j^^^^Flesh = Colored
Bjf\ IS . Cannot be detected from
■B-XV B9 the natural teeth and sum,
TQ^A V thin and etronger than
7* ■ rubber.
Crowns «3.50. Plates. »B. Filling. 800.
ALL WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth St., Cor. 6tevcn.on.
ing down of rate? to a basis which would
permit an equitable margin of gain for
the producer, and protect the rights of
the consumer. Those present, who were
conversant with law. declared that a rate
fixed by the Supervisors could be changed
but once during a year and that for that
period of time at least the people of San
Francisco have been unburdened of a
flagrant hardship.
While radical changes in the education
al system were being discussed it was
suggested that the playgrounds surround
ing schools be increased. The following^
resolution for a new high school, to 1^
erected at the corner of Sacramento ana
Gough streets, was passed:
Resolved, That a committee of throe be ap
pointed to carry out the resolution of the club
favoring the appropriation of $250,000 for a new
building for the Lowell High School, the com
mittee to be instructed to confer -with other
clubs in the city and urge thfir co-operation In
the matter, and that the Board of Kducation b«
requested to recommend to the Supervisors thnt
the said appropriation be incorporated in the
proposed bond issue.
The committee named was composed of
Frank H. Gould, A. Sbarboro and N. B.
Greensf elder. *
POLICE MAY STOP IT.
San Francisco Club Determined ta
Pull Off Its Big Fight.
The friends of the colored heavy-weight
champion pugilist of the world, Peter
Jackson, will meet on Friday evening in
the Alcazar building for the purpose of
arranging for a testimonial benefit to be
given to the retired puncher, who in his
heyday of prosperity befriended many a
well-deserving person. Among the pa
trons of tistic sport who have taken an
interest in the affair are James Gilleran,
Young Mitchell. Jim Dunne, Billy Akers,
Jack Walsh, Jack Stelzner and others.
I'nless the San Francisco Athletic Club
will have secured a license from the Su
pervisors it is doubtful if the Chief of
Police will permit the entertainment,
which is booked for this evening, to take
place.
The principal event will be a contest be
tween the heavy-weights, "Jack" Stelzner
and "Jim" Jeffords, and unless Stelzner -m
has gone back very much since his last
appearance in the ring he should have
little difficulty in whipping Jeffords, who
is a big, husky but awkward fellow with
very little experience. The. preliminaries
will consist of four and eight round bouts
between young bo-xers, and so far as pit
ting youngsters for contests which re
quire the contestants to be in flrst-clas.i
condition the club should be careful in its
selections, as only those who are physi
cally sound should be accepted.
ROBBED THE SHERIFF
Sneak Thieves Break Into His Office, ,
but Secure Little Loot.
Sneak thieves robbed the office of Sher
iff Martin Sunday, and now that official,
!In conjunction with the police, is en
| gaged in a vain search for the mis
i creants. "Of course, I do not wish them
i any harm," he says, "but all the same
I I would like to have them for my guests
i at the County Jail."
'. The thief or thieves were not, apparent -
I ly, experts in their business. By walk
i ing along a cornice over the basement
! story of the building, to which a<
I was had from one of the windows open
| ing out of the Larkin street corridor, the
I thieves gained a window opening into the
i room set apart for the use of the Deputy
■ Sheriffs. The window was open and they
| had but to raise it to gain access to the
i interior. Once inside, they set about the
i task of looking for valuables.
They pried open all of the lockers and
j the drawers of all the desks, but all of )
value they could find was a couple of r
! second-hand and almost worthless revol
! ' vers and a pair of handcuffs.
The thieves next tried to get into the
\ Sheriff's private office, but the connect
ing door proved to be an obstacle they
| could not overcome. After damaging the
■ door to some extent with the chisel they
| had used to pry open the drawers, they
gave up the attempt and departed. The
I police are of the opinion that the work
I was done by a couple of petty sneak
| thieves.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisine and specific tonio
for the sexual and urinary oreans of both
texes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its owrl
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary
NABKR. ALFS & BRUXE. Agents
322 Market stieet. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)