VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 63.
STAYED WITH THEIR ENGINE
THOUGH DEATH WAS THE PRICE
Heroism of Two Men
Saves the Narrow
Gauge Local in
• Alameda.
The Hoodoo Engine of the Narrow Gauge System Has Made Its Last Record of Blood.
It Is Unlikely That It Will Ever Be Repaired,
DEAD.
Engineer H. H. Jonas.
SERIOUSLY INJURED
Fireman E. F. Colson.
ALAMEPA. Jan. 31.— Hoodoo en
gine No. 19, drawing the narrow
gaußf tmin which connects with
the 4:40 boat from San Fran<-is<-n,
jumped the track on Enclnal
avenue, near First avenue, and as a re
sult of the accident Engineer H. H.
Jonaf is dead and Fireman E. F. Colson
Is. hovering between life and death. The
■ train -consisted of dent cars, full to
overflowing with passengers, returning
home. Fortunately no further casual
ties than thop«-> mentioned occurred.
. After eight hours' terrible suffering
the unfortunate engineer died at
Fabiola Hospital about 1:30 this morn
ing.
With Impending death before them
Engineer Jonas and Fireman Colson
i Pturk to their pr.pts and did every
thing in their pownr to save the lives
of the several hundred passengers on
the train. In all probability both
r n!d have escaped with perhaps only
a broken limb by Jumping had they
not been bravo men.
After the doctors had swathr-d Fire
man Colson in soothing bandages he
tv«s itFkod how the accident happened,
but he could not tell. He paid he first
became aware that something was
• amiss when he felt the Jolting. He saw
Engineer Jonas set the air brake and
reverse the engine and the n»xt instant,
feeling the engine raising rrom the
= track and toppling over on the side on
which he was seated, he th<-n endeav
ored to save his life by jumping. He
did not remember anythine more.
Firrman Colson is married and re
sides at 3105 Encinal avenue.
The smoking car next to the engine
left the track and the lnmafeH received
a shaking up and a bad fright. B.
Ghilieri, a car cleaner, who lives at 2112
Ban Antonio avenue, was thrown over
a seat and jarred severely, but not in
jured.
The accident occurred just after the
train left the trestle south of the oil
works at a point about 200 yards west
of Second avenue station. At the lo
.cality there are double tracks connect
ed by a spring switch. The railroad
t men advance the theory that the disas
ter was caused by a defect in the
pwitch. The train was running on the
northerly track, with the tender ahead
of the engine.
The San Francisco Call.
- Just as it reached the switch the
tender shot over toward the southerly
tracks. The engine, which was run
ning at a lively speed, kept on the main
line for about 100 feet, when the trucks
left the* track, throwing the end of the
engine nearest the fmoker in the di
rection of the sidewalk. In another in
stant it rolled over on its side, while
the smoker was thrown sideways par
tially on top of it. The tender stood on
end and fell to the south side of the
street.
Engineer Jonas was pinioned beneath
the boiler and was enveloped by blis
tering steam which enshrouded the
Wreck. Hf suffered in that position for
half an hour before the dismantled lo
comotive could be lifted sufficiently to
release him. He did not lose conscious
ness, and with extraordinary fortitude
directed the work of the wreckers who,
with jackscrews and levers, were en
deavoring to get him out of the hiss
ing, scalding torment which was slowly
torturing him to death. Finally, when
he was released, and realizing that his
Injuries might be fatal, he asked first
that his family be taken care of and
his next words were:
"I hope none of the passengers Is
hurt." Then his overtaxed nerves col
lapsed and he sank into a semi-coma
tose condition.
The wounded engineer was taken to
the home of George B. Okerlund, near
the scene of the wreck. His Injuries are
a broken leg and external and internal
burns. whl<*n eventually caused death.
He was literally cooked from head to
foot while imprisoned beneath his en
gine and his lungs are also scalded by
Inhaling steam.
Fireman Colson Is as badly burned
externally, but he has no broken limbs
and did not inhale any steam. He has
an even chance for recovery. The two
wounded men were taken In an ambu
lance to Fablola Hospital at 9 o'clock
last evening. Drs. Lubbock and Keys,
who dressed their wounds, accompanied
thorn. Mrs. Colson also went to the
hospital to remain with her husband.
Mrs. Jonas was so shocked that she is
all but prostrated and was obliged to
remain at her home, where sympathetic
friends are giving her every care.
Among the passengers in the wreck
ed smoker were R. E. Parr, a commer
cial traveler, residing at 1193 Park ave
nue: W. W. Ooggin, 1719 Santa Clara
n venue; P. A. Kearney of the San
Francisco Mint. wHose home is at 2125
Ran Antonio avenue, and E. S. Clark,
a jeweler, of 2525 Central avenue. These
gentlemen agree in the opinion that
the smoker left the track a moment
after passing the switch.
THE TENDER TURNED
A SOMERSAULT
I* H. Brink, conductor In charge of
SAIST FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1899.
the train, as quickly as possible noti
fied Road Master R. W. Baxter, and a
wrecking train was immediately dis
patched to clear the wreck. Before the
wreckers arrived every effort was made
to release Engineer Jonas, but there
were no adequate appliances at hand,
and he continued to suffer in sight of
hundreds of nerve-wracked passengers
until the wreckers got heavy jack
screws under the engine and raised it
up.
When the tender left the track Jonas
stuck to his post and set the air brakes,
but the momentum was too great, and,
after jolting and careening for a hun
dred feet, the tender turned a complete
somersault and the engine tumbled
over in the opposite direction. The en
gineer fell with the cab and was caught
by the rear of the boiler across his legs.
Fireman Colson attempted to jump
when the engine was in the air and was
also caught in the wreck, but was able
to pull himself out. He was terribly
scalded, but managed to get up and
walk to the curb, where he sank down
unconscious.
HELPED RELEASE
THE ENGINEER
Martin Kaney, a fireman on the
steamer Newark, was one of the first
to reach the stricken engineer. In an
interview he said he was seated in the
first coach, and when he recovered from
the shock he hurried forward to the
overturned locomotive and climbed over
the cab and found Jonas pinio-ned at
his post. Pausing a moment to comfort
his friend he ran back some hundred
yards and obtained a jackscrew, which
was used to advantage In releasing the
injured man.
"While the willing volunteers strug
gled with the weighty mass of steel,"
he said, "Jonas directed their efforts,
cautioning them to be careful and beg
ging those he recognized in his semi
conscious condition to look out for his
family.
"While he was suffering agony from
the numerous burns he had received
from the scalding water his one thought
was for the safety of his passengers,
and he repeatedly asked how they had
fared. When told they had escaped
with a shaking up he was greatly re
lieved."
CHOPPED THE CAB
TO RESCUE JONAS
L. Li. Schuler, Frank Thompson and
Henry Burn, employes in the brewery
near the scene of the wreck, were the
first persons to reach the engine. They
saw the tender bouncing In a different
Locomotive and Tender a Wreck, the En
gineer Dead and the Fireman Badly
Scalded — All Passengers
Escape Injury.
direction from the engine and when the
crash came they seized axes and ran
to do rescue work. These men saw the
peril which hung over Engineer Jonas
and without regard to the blinding,
suffocating steam they began chopping
away the cab to get at the suffering
man. With mighty and rapid strokes
they sent splinters sailing across the
street and in less time than it takes to
tell it they had all the wood work
cleared away.. Then they discovered
that nothing could be done to release
the poor man until hoisting appliances
were secured.
- One jackßcrew was obtained, but it
was not sufficient to remove the mass
of hot steel under which Jonas was be
ing parboiled and roasted at the same
time. By this time hundreds of agitated
men and women were running about
frantically calling for some one to re
lease the engineer, but nothing could
be done. Hundreds of passengers who
had been shaken out of their wits by
the shock forgot their fright and vain
ly endeavored to assist in the work of
rescue.
Finally the relief train arrived. Then
Jonas' great courage and nerve were
shown. When the men set about to ad
just the lifting machines, he, in an al
most inarticulate voice, told them
where to place the jackscrews, giving
explicit directions how he was held
down. When success was apparent and
the boiler began to rise, slowly, then
more rapidly as the anxious laborers
bent all their strength on the levers, a
sound, half cheer, half moan, showed
the intense tension on the nerves of the
spectators. In another instant Jonas
was pulled from the jaws of death and
carried into tho nearest house. Doc
tors were at hand and everything possi
ble was done to save his life and alle
viate his agony.
CROWDS WATCH THE
WRECKERS AT WORK
Traffic was suspended on the narrow
gauge for two hours, in which time the
workmen succeeded in clearing the
south track so trains might pass. A
large crowd gathered to watch the work
Of removing the demolished engine; the
people remained until late at night.
When the ambulance came to take the
wounded engineer and fireman to the
hospital several hundred people surged
about the vehicle and when Jonas was
carried out of the house, groaning piti
fully, though every effort was exerted
to handle him gently, a sympathetic
murmur was heard from all sides. This
scene was repeated when Fireman Col-
Bon was removed from the house next
door. He was followed by his weeping
wife. She wished to go with him, but
there was no room in the ambulance so
a kind-hearted neighbor hitched up his
horse and took her in a buggy to the
Fabiola, where she sat In agony beside
her pain-ton ured husband.
MRS. JONAS PROUD
OF HER HUSBAND
Seated in her comfortable home at
1342 High street, the wife of the un
fortunate engineer waited for tidings
from the bedside of her husband. She
saw him for a mome ;t after he had
been extricated from his perilous po
sition and was taken home by friends.
Innumerable acquaintances of the fam
ily poured in immediately after the
news of the accident to express their
regrets and to cheer her. Surrounded
by her three children, Stanley, a boy of
14; Alice, a sweet little maid of 9, and
with a babe in arms, she listened to the
sympathy of her friends. The news of
her husband's ultimate recovery did a
great deal toward dispelling her anxiety
and she sent her little ones to bed.
Mrs. Jonas is proud of her husband
and has the utmost confidence in him.
At no time in his long experience as a
locomotive engineer has she feared he
would be injured, well knowing his
coolness and carefulness.
In speaking of Mr. Jonas, she said
he was about 46 years old and had han
dled a throttle for nearly half that
period without a mishap. For eighteen
years he has hauled trains over the
narrow gauge line and during that long
period has never been away from his
duties more than ten days. She spoke
of his great popularity in Alameda
County and the confidence every one
felt when they knew he was guiding
the swift moving train through the
county.
Mrs. Jonas also stated that her hus
band had never been injured previous
to this catastrophe. "The nearest he
came to being hurt," she said, "was
while firing for E. L. Reese, many years
ago. He was working on a mountain
division and the engine crashed into a
boulder, throwing wood on top of him.
A few bruises were all he received."
The lady also told of a similar inci
dent wherein he fortunately escaped
injury.
The first news she received of the
accident that befell her husband to
night was when a strange lady called
and told her that there was a little ac
cident, and she immediately surmised
that her husband was hurt. The ar
rival of her mother, who was a pas
senger on the train and who was badly
shaken up by the derailment, prevent
ed her from hurrying to her husband's
side.
While speaking of the injured engi
neer's love for his children and the de
light he took in his home-life, Mrs.
Jonas could not restrain her tears. She
expressed a hope that when her hus
band recovered he would no longer fol
low his dangerous calling, but she re
marked that, like all railroad men, he
would not give up the exciting work.
NUMBER NINETEEN
THE HOODOO ENGINE
No. 19 has long been known as the
hoodoo engine of the narrow gauge line.
It was always getting out of repair,
breaking an eccentric, dropping a bolt
or doing some other malign thing
which gave it a hard name among all
the railroad workmen.
Six months ago No. 19 ran off the
trestle at Alameda Point, and Fireman
Hickey was killed and Engineer Bald
win so badly scalded that he was laid
up for many months.
Now to this unenviable record is
added the death of brave Jonas. As
the engine lies wrecked on the Alameda
street it seems extremely probable that
the last bloody incident in its history
is now written. The cab lies in splin
ters all over the street: the smokestack
rests against the fence, and with her
working parts twisted and bent it is not
at all likely she will ever run again.
She will find a dishonored grave In the
junk pile.
BURNS REACHED
THE LIMIT OF
HIS STRENGTH
All His Efforts Fail to Pull One More Vote
to Him.
A "HAS BEEN" IN GENERALSHIP NOW
Fat-litted and Clumsy Schemes Worked That Not Only Fail
of Their Object but Serve to Bring Their
Author Into Disrepute as a
Leader.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— Three ballots in joint
assembly to-day registered ro change
in the Senatorial situation. The Grant
men are still solid. General Barnes 1
eleven immortals are as steady and
confident as ever. Bulla's thirteen
stand together and Burns is holding his
twenty-five supporters. The wiies have
been pulled by the colonel to bring to
Sacramento all the scattering local in
fluences that can be brought to bear to
T'-rsuade Republican Senators and As
semblymen to enter a caucus to settle
the Senatorrhip.
The Call is not making an error In
predicting that Burns has practically
reached the limit of his strengm in this
Senatorial struggle. Two weeks ago j
the colonel might have named the next
Senator, but he has since wasted his
strength and displayed his weakness in
a selfish and hopeless struggle to gain
a place for himself in the United States
Senate. Since the colonel is making
such a great effort to line up Repub
lican County Committees to aid his
cause it is well to refresh the memory
of California's Republicans with the
truth that Burns' disloyalty to the Re
publican party gave to California the
Democratic Legislature of 1893 which
elected Stephen White to the Senate.
As a political boss in San Francisco he
went to the front as a rank non-parti
san. In every sure Republican district
he put up a Republican non-partisan
candidate to divide the Republican vote
and in the safe Democratic districts he
did not interfere. He cast the weight
of his influence then to divide the Re
publican party and give the Legislature
to the Democrats. He is now asking
the support of the Republican County
Committees to help him get a dark
lantern caucus.
The touts have again deferred the
date for the display of Burns' in
creased strength. Last Saturday they
designated Wednesday as the day of
the uprising of the Burns hosts. To
night Friday is mentioned as the day
for the grand rally to Burns of the
members who are staked out in the
camps of Barnes, Bulla and Grant. No
particular Friday is mentioned, so one
may infer that it will be the first Fri
day after the adjournment of the
Legislature.
The announcement of the death of
Thomas Reynolds in San Francisco
caused some commotion in the camp of
Colonel Burns. Reynolds was former
ly County Clerk of San Francisco.
When Burns was elected Secretary of
State in 1879 Reynolds was called to
Sacramento to take the chief deputy
ship in the office of the colonel. What
occurred in the partnership of Burns
and Reynolds is written in the court
records of this State. Each charged
the other with wasfing, squandering
and stealing the public money of the
State. Years later Burns came back
from Mexico rich, according to com
mon report, but he never made good
to the taxpayers of California the
money stolen in his office and for which
he was directly responsible. Now he
asks to be elected to the high and hon
orable office of United States Senator.
Immediately after the announcement
of the first ballot in joint convention
to-day the touts demanded that a sec
ond ballot be taken. At first It was
fancied that the colonel had taken in
another deserter and was about to
parade him for moral effect, as Wright
was paraded, but after the second and
the third ballots were taken the Burns
scheme was exposed. It was found to
be nothing more than a fat-witted ef
fort to interrupt the regular routine
JOHNSON CONVICTED
AS A MALICIOUS LIAR
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 31.—Assem
blyman Grove L. Johnson has failed to produce a copy of The
Call in which there appears the charge, whether direct, indirect or
intimated, that all of the twenty -five men who are voting for
Dan Burns for Senator were bought to do so. He therefore
stands convicted of being a malicious liar who has insulted the
members of the Assembly by taking advantage of the honorable
privileges of that body by giving utterance to a deliberate false
hood for the purpose of influencing the minds of his associates.
This is not the first offense charged against Johnson, and it
is not the first of which ne has been guilty. Once upon a time he,
knowing full well that evasion and falsehood would not avail him,
confessed the commission of a crime. That crime was forgery.
That was years ago.
His later career is a part of the infamous history of Califor
nia's thralldom under the yoke of the giant corporation which
claims him as its willing tool. Such is the man who seeks by
falsehood to influence the members of that * onorable body which
his presence fails to honor.
PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
of business In the Legislature and srive
the. colonel's touts an . opportunity to
claim a caucus on the ground that the
Senatorial" contest was blocking the
wheels of legislation. •
A few more clumsy efforts like the
one put forward to-day may compel the
organization of the anti-Burns party in
the Legislature. Men who have been
active in Burns' fight reluctantly ad
mit that the colonel is not displaying
that superior generalship which was
expected of him by the touts when he
opened the campaign in this city. In
the light of events it is now clear to
the blindest partisans of the colonel
that he made a grievous mistake in
forcing Wright's hand. He will embit
ter the Legislature against him if hl9
touts attempt to interfere with the reg
ular business of considering bills.
The touts are saying to-night: "The
colonel gives out the word that he can
not lose." There is some truth in this
assertion. The colonel cannot lose
what he does not possess, but the le
publican party can lose and the ritate
can lose a representative in the upper
house of Congress.
Irving M. Scott, surrounded by his
friends and flanked by his supporters,
Senator Davis and Assemblyman Dun
lap, is discussing? the Senatorial
struggle at his headquarters in the
Golden Eagle Hotel to-night. He is
net depressed or confident, but Is In the
field to get whatever may come hia
way when the inevitable break comes.
Ex-Mayor Ellert is Mr. Scott's political
adviser and guide.
BURNS MAY SPRING
REYNOLDS' CONFESSION
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— The story goes to
night among the touts that there will
be found in the papers of Thomas H.
Reynolds, deceased, a confession excul
pating D. M. Burns from any complic
ity in the theft of public funds when
the latter was Secretary of State. This
is not the first time that the confession
has been mentioned. It is known to
many of the Masonic fraternity that
Reynolds received during his long ill
ness sums of money from Burns. In
one contribution Burns gave Reynolds
$500. It is further known that Pacific
Lodge of San Francisco contributed to
Reynolds' support for fifteen years.
It makes no difference now what kind
of a deathbed confession may be
brought forward to vindicate Burns,
because the court records show that D.
M. Burns testified on the witness stand
that he (Burns) falsified the records of
his own office to conceal the defalca
tion. The falsification of public rec
ords is as great a crime as the mis
appropriation of public money.
The people of this State need not be
surprised if the Mexican colonel should
now produce a certificate of character
obtained from Reynolds on his death- ■
bed. This would be in keeping with the
past career of the colonel in this State
and in Mexico. Besides the facts brought
out during the trial showed that the
stealings in the Secretary of State's de
partment were carried on for seven
months after Reynolds left the office.
MORE MONEY FOR SAN
FRANCISCO'S JUDGES
CAIAj HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— The salary the Superior
Judges of San Francisco receive at pres
ent was a subject of discussion in the
Senate this afternoon, and if the bill that
was finally passed to third reading goes
successfully through its various stages2
INCIDENTS OF THE DAY AT SACRAMENTO.
DICKINSON WANTS NEW
HARBOR COMMISSIONERS
■f CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRAMENTO, Jan. 31.— A Democratic
O Legislature and ; Democratic Governor in the year 1883 legislated out of
♦ office the Republican Board of Harbor Commissioners of, the City and
T County of San Francisco. i
q Now Senator Dickinson of San r'rancisco proposes t^ even up the
+ score. He wants the present Democratic Board of Harbor Commission
© ers legislated out of office and he introduced a bill on the Senate to
> day ..hich will have that effect.
O Senator Dickinson's bill creates a board of five Harbor Commißsion
£ ers instead of three, as at present. They are to be named by the Gov
+ «rnor and , n firmed by the Senate. The first oommiss' -.- is to hold
© office as follows: One for one year, one for two -ears, two for three
q yearss and one fo: four years. Put after the terms of the appointees
•♦ for the i.. board :iava expired the term of future appointees is for
O four years each.
rt Upon tho passage of this act th*-> Governor is authorized to appoint
> i:\-o persons to nstitute the board at least one day prior to the ad-.
© journmont sine die of the Legislature. But in case the Senate does
not confirm, the Governor's appointees shall hold over until the next
.+ regular Session ( the Senate.
O The bill chai »es no salaries and cuts off no patronage. It simply
-f eliminates a Democratic Bcford of Harbor Commissioners and opens the'
O way for the Governor to name a Rej übllcan board.
Senator Dickinson frankly admits the purpose of his measure, and
® adds that the present Board of Harbor Commissioners in ULu Francisco
q ought to be ousted.
the salaries of the twelve Superior Judges
of the city will be raised from $-1000 to
$5000 per year. It was by a • narrow
margin, however, that a clause was
added to the Curtin bill, which was under
iSEion on second reading, making this
increase. The vote was 15 to 14.
ator Curtin had a bill increasing the
Balary of the Superior Judge of Tuolumne
County to $3500 per annum.
An amendment was proposed to increase
the salary of the San Francisco Judges to
$5000, and upon thi3 amendment the light
whh made.
The San Francisco Senatorial delegation
Is seldom united on any proposition, hut
upon this it stood as a unit. Democratic
and Republican Senators vied with each
other in, securing votes for the amend
ment.
Senator Davis nf . Amador County and
Senator Simpson of Los Angeles were the
only two interior Senators who talked in
favor of' the amendment.
Senators Wolfe, Braunhart, Bettman
and Stratton. who offered the amendment,
nil spoke in favor of it, .on the plea that
$5000 was not too' large a salary for a man
competent to serve on the Superior bench
of San Francisco, but, on the other hand,
it was only fair and equitable compensa
tion for the service rendered by an honest
man acting in the high capacity he did. ■
Senator Bulla opposed the amendment
of natcr Stratton, and when the vote
was taken it carried, receiving 15 ayes to
14 noes.
The bill was then advanced to ' third
reading.
PATRONAGE CAUSES
AN ASSEMBLY ROW
Johnson, Valentine and Wright
Monopolize the Good
Things.
'■ALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— A royv of ample pro
portions nearly broke up the Assembly
patronage caucus this afternoon. As it
is Grove L. Johnson, Valentine of Los
Angeles and Howard E. Wright are
going to have a whole lot of squaring
to do during the next week.
The bill that killed off Belshaw's anti
attache law let the bars down in front
of the horde of job chasers that has
been here since this session opened, and
upon the verbal authority given by
Howard Wright before he ceased to be
Speaker a number of the members why
had been made chairmen of committees
went ahead and put their clerks at
work.
Johnson, as chairman of the Judi
ciary Committee, attached to himself a
Berseant-at-arms, clerk and stenog
rapher. Valentine o£ the Ways and
Means Committee did the same thing.
Sp< aker Wright doled out jobs right
and left, but from all accounts he
charged them up to members on the
Hoar.
Under the new bill the patronage
pro rata was $ti, but when the matter
was brought up in caucus to-day it was
discovered that Grove L. Johnson had
gone the whole ;s wine and appointed $14
worth of patronage. Valentine was
with him, and as the heads of the two
must Important committees in the As
sembly they were able to make their
demands good. The other members on
the floor had to give way, and as a re
sult of it two or three eo-mmittee clerks
lost their jobs. Even Dibble was frozen
out. He haU appointed Ed Smith and
w. C. Gyrey t" jobs at thy clerks' desk,
and by the deal of to-day he was forced
to give up both of them. The Judge
was so- mad when he left the caucus
chamber he failed to recognize his best
friends.
Wright made a bold bluff, but was
promptly called down. He had $14
worth of appointments he wanted rati
fied and had the nerve to ask for $1
more. He was allowed the original
amount, but his $4 amendment was not
adopted.
After an hour and a half of warm
squabbling the matter resolved itself
into the following list of appointments,
which will be ratified to-morrow toy the
Assembly in open session when Dibble
hands in the resolution:
H. T. Smith, assistant clerk, $6 per
day; John Mott, lile clerk, $6 per day;
•ant enrolling and engrossing
» l'-rks at $5 per day. J. J. Breen, E. J.
Flemin, M. J. Hallahan; clerk to ser
geaTft-at-arniß, $5 per day, W. J. Kirk
patrick; committee clerks at $4 per day s
J. J. Hijlard, B. EL -Miller, William F.
Kriorp, C. W. Alherton, "Miaa Ella Mo-
Keen, -Mrs. Eddy, Mrs. R. F. Fleming,
R. P. Russell, W. (Jaffney, Thomas
O'Donnell, F. D. Branch, C. W. Curtis;
A FREE MARKET
FOR SAN FRANCISCO
O CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 31,-7-Senator Doty O
O has introduced a bill in the Senate to establish and maintain a free O
O public market on the water front in San Francisco. The bill authorizes O
O the Board of Harbor Commissioners to use such blocks or parts of O
O blocks of land for the purposes of a free market. The Harbor Com- Q
O missioners are to fix the regulations for running the market. Vessels O
O loaded with perishable products are to have the preference in reach- ©
O ing the piers contiguous to the free market and car tracks are to be O
O constructed to make connection between the piers and free market. O
O No rental is to be charged for a stall in the free market. Q
O The officers of the free market are to be superintendent, assistant O
O superintendent and secretary and such other employes as the oßard of ©
O Harbor Commissioners may see fit to appo-int. Q
o o
00000000 00000000 oo ooooo" oooooooooo©
sergeant-at-arms to Ways and Means
Committee at $3 per day, G. Kimberly;
to the Judiciary Committee, George
Dougherty; porters at $3 per day, Jesse
R. Dorsey, Charles Prince.
TO CONTROL GRASPING
GAS AND WATER COMPANIES
[ Sena or Feeney Introduces Three Bills
That Will Greatly Benefit
The Public.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— Senator Feeney of
San Francisfco is introducing some very
good bills affecting gas and water com
panies, but the trouble is that some of
them are worded in language which
makes the intent and purpose of the
measures a trifle dense. Still Senator
Feeney seems to be on the right track.
To-day he introduced three bills in
the Senate touching gas and water
companies which are of particular im-.
portance to the residents of San Fran
cisco as well as those of every other
city in the State.
One provides that In case an appli
cant whoee building Is not more than
100' feet distant' from any main of the
corporation, and payment by the appli
cant of all money due the comDany
from him, the corporation must supply
the gas for the said applicant. All con
tracts for the deposit of money as se
curity for gas meters are void, and any
corporation holding such deposits is re
quired to return them on demand. A
failure to return the deposit when de
manded means a verdict of -$100 to the
paTty demanding a return of his de
posit, with costs, interest and damages.
Another bill of Senator Feeney's pro
vides that no company shall in the fu
ture manufacture water gas or force
air through mains which are being used
to supply illuminating gas. A viola
tion of the act is punishable by a fine
of $100 and each day's continuance
shall constitute a separate offense.
The third bill introduced by Senator
Feeney to-day provides that all water
meters shall be so adjusted as to per
mit of the meters being examined at
any time, and they will then Indicate
the amount of water used to the date
•of examination. A corporation not
complying with this act cannot collect
a water tax from the party it refuses
to furnish with the open meter, nor can
it cut off his water supply.
All three bills have gone to the com
: mittee on corporations.
A MOVE TO BRING
OUR BOYS HOME
Senate Fasses Unanimously a
Pertinent Joint Resold
tion.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— The Senate to-day.
by an almost unanimous vote, adopted
the following Joint resolution, which is
of particular interest to all readers who
have friends or relatives in the First
Regiment of California Volunteers:
Whereas, The First Regiment of Cali
fornia Infantry of United States Volun
teers were the first troops to leave the
United States for a foreign port during
the war with Spain, having left San Fran
cisco on May 25. 1898, and have been con
tinually in service away from home longer
than any other volunteer regiment; and
whereas, many of the men who volun
teered are detained in the service in a
tropical climate, with danger to their
health, and at a great sacrifice to their
personal interests; and wjiereas, the said
First Regiment of California Volunteers
have conducted themselves during the
late war in a manner highly creditable to
their patriotism and bravery; therefore
be it '
Resolved. That our Senators in Congress
bo Instructed and our Representatives re
quested that when, in the opinion of the
military authorities, troops can be spared
from operations in the Philippines they
use their best efforts that our boys be
of the first to return to their homes and
families.
Senators Morehouse. Bulla and Row
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1899.
ell opposed the, res.ohitio_n upon tbe
ground that it would not be the proper
thing for the State to interfere with
the military arm of the Federal Gov
ernment.
Boyce and Smith also opposed the
resolution on the ground that other
California regiments desired to go to
Manila, but had been denied the privi
lege and made to give way to the First
Regiment.
Senator Braunhart spoke at length
in favor of the bill, and attacked the
War Department for the way it had
treated soldiers in the recent war.
Senator Shortridge said that he had
"first opposed the resolution, afterward
favored it, and at the time of speaking
he was on the fence." He asked that
tho resolution be re-read, and an
nounced that he was in favor of -it.
Senator Smith was opposed to the
resolution if it In any May reflected
upon the administration of President
McKinley.
Then the resolution as printed above
was adopted, Senator Davis having of
fered an amendment which made it ac
ceptable to all.
THE SHEEP TAX BILL
CONTAINS A JOKER
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— The general county
government act, introduced in the As
sembly by O. H. Huber, and known as
Assembly bill No. 3b3, contains a Joker.
It was supposed that the bill was an
exact reprdouction of the present county
government act. It was put in that
shape so that it could be amended in com
mittee to suit the interests of each county
in the State.
But the bill as introduced is not a re
production of the present law, which
gives to the Boards of Supervisors in each
county the power to fix the license tax
to be placed on sheep raising, and pastur
ing at the sum they consider to be just
and right for the damage done to the
roads and forests by the sheep. In some
ASSEMBLYMAN DALE RESUMES HIS SEAT.
cases the license Is 4 cents per head now
and in others 6 and 7 cents per head, ac
cording to the damage the herds do. Now
If Assembly bill 363 was a reproduction
of the present county government law it
would contain a clause to the above ef
fect, but instead of that on page 20, line
407, of the bill commences a clause read
ing: . ■ •
' But no. license tax on the business of
raising, pasturing, grazing, or herding
sheep shall exceed the sum. of 2 cents per
annum per head and no license tax
shall be imposed on unweaned lambs."
This appears in section 25 of the act and
refers to powers of Boards of Supervisors
to put a license tax on certain industries.
It is not a part of the present 'aw and
in that respect is a misrepresentation.-
STATE WILL PAY FOR
DUTCH FLAT FIRES
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.-The Assembly Commit
tee on Claims met this afternoon and took
up the consideration of the claims of the
people of Dutch Flat, who lost consider
able property through the act of a ue
mented youth named Wedgewood, who
had a mania for burning buildings.
Wedgewood, it is claimed, was released
from the Napa Insane Asylum without
being properly-discharged according to
law, and the people of Dutch Flat hold
the State responsible for the acts of the
boy. The claims were vested in seven
bills— numbers 76, 77. 78, la, 80. 81 and 82.
Bill 76 was the claim of the Dutch Flat
School District for $4000. This was cut
down to $3000 and reported favorably
upon. Bill 77 went through for the en
tire amount, as did also bills 78 and 79.
Bill 80, the claim of Mrs. J. Uren for $1000
was made to read $850. Bill 81, of W. B.
Sowden, was cut from $500 to. $200. BJU 82
that of Patrick Carroll, was cut from $300
to $150.
The other bills passed favorably upon
by the committee were 279, 67 and 26. Bill
279 was the claim of Major Jose Ramon
Pico for $8111 15, which he claims he ex
pended In equipping and organizing two
companies at the time of the War of the
Rebe' ion. Bill 67 was the claim of Clem
ent Bennett for services as witness in a
case in which he appeared for the State.
Bill 2G was for the claim of William Sulli-
TO ADVOCATE
THE ELECTION
OF I.M. SCOTT
Call for a Merchants'
Mass Meeting.
TIRED OF BURNS' TACTICS
ALAMEDA COUNTY BEPUBLI
CANS HAVE TAKEN ACTION.
Their Members of the Legislature
Petitioned to Work for the
Election of the Big
Shipbuilder.
Friends of Irving M. Scott are striv
ing to bring to bear every reputable
influence in behalf of that erentleman's
candidacy for the United States Sen
ate. A petition was in circulation
among the down town business men
yesterday, calling for a mass meeting
of merchants for this evening to urge'
the members of the Legislature to con
centrate upon Mr. Scott. His friends
argue that the other candidates have
been struggling now for three weeks
without one of them having made any
gain; that the existing deadlock bids
fair to continue throughout the session,
with the result that California will be
left with only one member of the upper
house for the next two years — the most
critical period in the history of thf
State. The other candidates having
failed, after all this time, to make any
showing beyond the strength they de
veloped at the start, it is time for them
now, in the best interests of the State
and of the party, to turn their strength
to Mr. Scott, he being the only man on
whom all factions could unite.
The idea of holding a mass-meeting
in Mr. Scott's interest seems to have
found favor with many prominent busi
ness men, and it is hoped to have at
least 100 signatures to the petition by
the close of business hours to-day. It
is- the intention to have a meeting of
the signers to-night, at which the Re
publican members of the San Fran
cisco delegation will be called upon. to
fall in line for the big shipbuilder, and
the legislators from other parts of the
State will also be urged to give him
their allegiance;
Those who have the matter in charge
say the meeting will be representative
of the very best interests in the com
munity, and will carry such- weight
that the legislators will not care to ig
nore it.
Alameda County, too, Is falling into
line for Scott. Influential Republicans
on the other side of the bay have grown
tired of the long wrangle, and they now
call upon their representatives in the
Legislature to do what they can to put
an end to it. Yesterday the following
petition, signed by fifty well known
business men of Oakland and Berkeley,
was forwarded to the Alameda County
delegation at Sacramento:
"January 30, 1899.— We, the under
signed Republicans of Alameda County,
in the interest of good government,
urge your earnest support in the nomi
nation of Hon. Irving M. Scott for
United States Senator."
The candidacy of Dan Burns seems
to have aroused the decent element in
all sections, and his determination to
prevent ap election, if he cannot be the
choice, has had the effect of .setting on
foot the apparent movement to save the
State from the lastin" disgrace of
Burns.
IN MEMORY OF
SENATOR BOGGS
CALL, -HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— 1n the Senate to-day
Senator Boyce offered a resolution direct
ing the president to appoint a committee
of seven to attend the funeral of the late
Hon. John Boggs, which is to take place
to-morrow.
The resolution prevailed and the follow
ing- delegation was appointed: Senators
Boyce, Bettman. Morehouse, Maggard
Sims, Chapman and Dwyer.
The deak formerly occupied by Senator
Boggs was appropriately draped to-day.
In the AM&mßly Speaker Anderson
named Assemblymen Dunlap, Belshaw
Sanford, Camlrietti and Glenn as a com
mittee to represent the Asseembly to at
tend the funeral.
The sergeant-at-arms of the Senate will
attend the Joint committee while it is
performing its sad duty.
To-morrow another joint committee will
present resolutions of respect, which will
be adopted by both houses. •
Three Important Bills.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— Senator Jones has in>
troduced a bill to appropriate $259,595 30
for the maintenance of the Southern Lali
fornia asylum for idiots and insane at
Highlands for the next two fiscal years
Senator Langfordhas introduced a bili
\vhich_ confines the traveling expenses of
any-kind of a State employe exclusively
to railroad transportation. Nothing is to
be allowed as traveling expenses.,
Senator .Taylor has introduced a bill
which provides that no clerk or deputy.
Under Sheriff or Deputy Sheriff related in
any way, by marriage .or business, with
the Judge of the court, shall be appoint
ed to act as a commissioner in any action
pending before the court.
Senator Morohouse has introduced a bill
which may have the effect of requiring
"fake" mining companies with large
"fake" capital stock to pay from $10 to
$25 additional tax for filing articles of in
corporation with the Secretary of State.
CONREY WANTS TO
EXTEND PATERNALISM
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— Assemblyman Conrey
of Los Angeles wants to establish in
eveTy county in the State what he Is
pleased to call "truant schools." What
the bill he has introduced will really ac
complish is the rehabilitation in every
county that will stand for it of the old
Industrial School, the "Ref" that flour
ished on the Ingleside road in San Fran
cisco during the earlier and palmier days
of Chris Buckley's regime.
Mr. Conrey's bill gives authority to
county school boards to either buy or rent
buildings and grounds, which shall be set
aside and used solely as a place for the
incarceration of youths of both sexes, be
tween the ages of 6 and 16 years, who
shall be adjudged to be truants. The bill
classes as truants not only the pupil who
habitually plays "hookey," but as well
tho6e who are insubordinate, refractory
and of general poor deportment.
These truants are amenable to arrest
by a truant officer, whose position is cre
ated by the bill, and upon arrest shall be
taken before a committing magistrate
and either released on bonds or commit
ted to the truant school for the rest of
the school year.
The. school may file execution upon the
child's estate or upon the estate of its
parents for the cost of maintenance dur
ing the period of its incarceration.
Inmates may be paroled or released at
any time and no child convicted of a fel
ony, or immoral offense shall be received
at the school*
THREE BALLOTS, BUT
NO NEW VOTES
: ;
• ; GALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 31.— The adoption O
by the Assembly of the findings In the 'case of Howard Wright, that +
was to have resulted in so many things anent the Senatorial fight, has *J.,
1 resulted in nothing but two more than the usual, number of ballots, q
When the first one was finished to-day and no change in the condition +§
. of affairs resulted Senator Leavitt of Oakland moved that another bal- q
1 lot be proceeded with forthwith and his motion carried. The vote showed +*
no change. O
Then he tried it again, but a kick went up and the roll call was q
.called for. The result was a third try, which turned out as had the 4.
other two. . Then Senator Cutter moved adjournment and every one ac- . 0
quiesced and further voting went over to to-morrow noon. "• , rt
The first ballot of to-day, which was as the two th;at followed it, +
was as follows: '• * . • : . ..■' ' '■$ '
BARNES 11 / O
ESTEE ......:....... 1 '£■';
BULLA 13 - 9
BURNS'.. ...... ..!.. ..'.....• 24 . ©
FELTON ." ; . .". . .'•- 1 ' -f .
GRANT ........... 26 V ©
scott :....:.........:.:.... 2 ±
DE VRIES 1 T.
ROSENFELD ' '. 2 q
BARD 2 -vi
WHITE : 28;, ..©
GRANT MEN WILL
WORK TOGETHER
A Steering Committee Will
Hold the Legislators on
Vital Votes.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31. — The twenty-one
legislators who are voting for U. S.
Grant in the Assembly on every joint
ballot are not satisfied with the results
they effect when questions have come
up which do not and have not directly
involved the Senatorial problem. While
they have all stood as a solid phalanx
on the proposition of voting for Mr.
Grant on every joint ballot, still on
other questions not involving directly
the Senatorial question theyhave nev
er at any time voted as a unit.
The object of the meeting to-night
was to bring about a better organiza
tion so that on an important matter,
indirectly having some bearing upon
the Senatorial question, they will be
able to castt twenty-one votes for or
against it, as it may affect their inter r
.eStS. -' ' } ■■' .' . '•' .';• '
This is the kind of an '■ organlzafion
that was perfected, and art -agiee-men,t
was further made that Assemblyman
Radcliff should act as the head of a
steering committee of five which was
elected and agreed upon at tne meet
ing. The members of the committee
are Radcliff of Santa Cruz, chairman;
Crowder of San Diego, secretary; Mc-
Donald of Alameda, Greenwell of Ven
tura and Chynoweth of Orange.
The claim has been made that some
members- of the Assembly have been
told that if they desired to, get. any
legislation of their own through at this
session the wise thing to do would be
for them not to rote for Grant. But
the Grant men have stood firm, de
spite any and all of these threats.
What they have done now places them
in a position where they will be able
to retaliate if any of the Burns leaders
attempt to enforce their threats to
defeat the legislation in which any of
the Grant supporters are interested.
Grant has twenty-one votes in the As
sembly and Burns has only nineteen,
so it will be seen that the Grant men
are able to defeat just as many bills
with their Assembly votes as -Colonel
Burns is with his.
"V What brought the Grant people ut> to
this action was the manner in which
they lost the contest over the Speaker
ship. Assemblyman Belshaw was elect
ed in caucus when the end of the roll
call was reached, and the result turned
over to Chairman Dibble to announce.
' But he failed to announce the result
for several minutes, so the Grant men
claim, until a change of one vote was
effected, which made the result a tie
vote and a second ballot defeated Bel
shaw.
The Grant men felt very sore. They
admitted in their caucus to-night that
Judge Dibble, for the Burns contingent,
had outgeneraled them, but they do
not propose to have it done again.
They propose to work under the direc
tion of a steering committee and vote
together at aIL times.
In the Senate there are only seven
Grant men, and the> are generally to
gether on matters that involve the Sen
atorial contest in any way. Senators
Smith and Cutter generally outline the
course for them to pursue.
CHURCH TAX AMENDMENT
PASSES THE ASSEMBLY
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— Constitutional amend
ment No. 6, Introduced by McDonald of
Alameda County, passed the Assembly
to-day after it had precipitated a good
bit of windjammlng, and if it Bhall go
through the Senate with as much noise
and little trouble and the people agree
the churches of California of whatever
sect will be no longer required to pay
taxes upon their immediate property.
McDonald's amendment has pursued a
windy course despite the fact that the
Assembly was generally favorably inclin
ed toward it. Mr. Johnson led in the
spellbinding this morning when the
measure came up on the special order,
and he was followed by McDonald. Mr.
Dibble also spoke, and only Feliz of Mon
terey talked against it. He said that to
exempt the churches from taxation would
be to again wed church and state. Mr.
Feliz spoke at some length and eloquently.
Assemblyman O'Brien of San Francisco
settled the question consistently by ar
guing that the only course for the As
sembly to take was to pass the amend
ment as the people of the State would
have to vote on it before it could
become a law. When it came to a roll
call there were only a fpw scattering
minority votes against it. The debate on
the proposition occupied the greater part
of the morning, and when the Joint ballot
was over the patronage caucus was an
nounced and adjournment taken to the
usual hour to-morrow.
A SMALL ARMY OF
CLERKS SWORN IN
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— A small army of men,
women and girls surrounded the desk of
Secretary Brandon «f the Senate this
morning to be sworn in as employes of
the Senate.
For a time it was thought that it would
be necessary for the Senators on the floor
with their desks nearest to the Secre
tary's stand to move out to make way for
the crowfl'.
The appointees "under the authority
given by the amended Belshaw act who
were confirmed this morning were as fol
lows:
Sol I>. Rogers, P. M. Gregg, J. P. Dick
son, L. E. W. Preda, J. L. Ballentine,
11. Bradbury, H. S. Henton, E. J. Mc-
Mamion, K. Hoey, Morris Levy, J. S,.
Brown. Q. E. Matthews, P. N. Trout,
John Jones, B. J. Flood, A. D. Severn, C.
Mantalen, O. Scribner, J. W. Crossland,
W. H. Dickinson. J. E. Hall, B. Poor,
George Hall. R. Lane and William Stan
ford, committee clerks . with salary of
$4 per day; C. E. Foy, clerk of the Com
mittee of Finance. A. S. Longley of the
Judiciary Committee at salaries of $6 per
clay; J. G. McOall and Joseph Mann, as
sistant sergeants at arms, $o per day; A.
C. Pratt, bill clerk, $4 per day; A. Bernal,
doorkeeper, $3; D. Doody, Irwin Field;
messengers, $3; A. C Busteede. sten
ographer. $5; L. Taylor, watchman. $.'!;
Ried Baxter and Door Eddy, pages, at
$2 50 per day.
The following, appointees speciflcially
provided for in the statutes as amended. ■
were announced in a resolution offered by
Senator Cutter and adopted: Assistant
minute clerk, (ieorge F. Hatton. $8; ser
feant at arms of the Finance Committee,
3. A. Bulles, $5: D. McCarthy, same of
ficer for Judiciary Committee, $5; as
sistant sergeant at arms, Nat Kennedy,
$5: assistant journal clerk. F. H. McCon
nell, J5; assistant enrolling and engross
ing clerks, George Heustis, L. L. Shaw,
F. H. Hutton, Miss E. Atkins. $5; assist
ant history clerk, G. F. Mack. $5; Mil
filers, J. V. Tryce and Frank Kelly, $4;
mail carrier, W. W. Curnow, $3; cloak
room, W. C. Rogers, J4; watchmen, J.
Schnell, J. Tyrell and J. O'Leary, $3;
ladies' cloakroom attendant, Mrs. C.
Neidlein, $3; press mailing clerks, G. E.
Williams, Ben Gray, $4; stenographers.
A. C. Unsworth. T. H. Lombard, Mrs. E.
J. Niles. Nora Andrews, $5.
The following porters were appointed:
A. Noble, ,D, Brown. H. Clark, H. S.
'Clay. Or Brown and O. Walton.
• And the end is not yet.
' To Suppress Feet-Binding.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— 1s Assemblyman Henry
of San Francisco attempting a social '
revolution in the rankas of San Francisco's
Chinese aristocracy of is he trying to in
veigle to the Capitol a plethoric Celestial
sack, well filled with tinkling yen, to be
spent in an endeavor to prevent the
White Devil from encroaching upon that
holiest -of holy heathen custom,s-~tha
binding of the feet.
One of the two things he is Strongly
suspected of since he introduced his new
est bill in the Assembly this morning. It
provides against the binding of any por
tion of the body of a child of 12 years of
age or under with thongs or bandages
for the purpose of stunting or bringing
about a malformation of any member of
the body. It classes a violation of its
provisions as a felony punishable by a
*********
* v 1 n v v |
■* HUIiiAN j ;;:
******************
\ CURES \
{ LUHtO },
, " ■■v™**| Mill, \
*********
THERE ARE SOME MEN WHO BELIEVB
themselves so- strong that they can. resist
the powers of the Creator. . These men are con-
stantly flghtingf nature. They overload their
"stoiriachs;" overharass their nerves. drink to ex-
cess, smoke to excess, or abUße themselves ir»"
some form or other. The—result is the samo
in the end. Abuse, yourself. and you are sure to'
pay the penalty. It is this abuse that destroys.
Now, if this suits you take the advice of ex- .
perienced men and eeek a certain cure. Hud-
yan is the great Remedy treatment.;.. Hudyan ,
Is certain. Hudyan cures varlooeela, partial
lmpotency, hdyrocele, failing manhood. It haa 1
been used by many, many men. and they ha.v»
sent in their testimonials. . If you wish to read
them
WRITE FOR TESTIMONIALS. p
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
BLOOD POISON, — — The first, seoondarjr; or
BLOOD POISON, tertiary form of blood
BLOOD POISON.— r-^-potson means much. If
BLOOD POISON.— — -you are so afflicted th«
BLOOD — ■ — SO-day <ure is what v yoa
BLOOD POlSON.—^need; ' SO-day . circulArm
BLOOD POlSON.— —free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Junction Stockton, Market and Mis Sts.,
% Ean Francisco. Cai.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free. ,
Consult Hudson Doctors I Free. ■
Consult Hudson Doctors Free. : .
Consult Hudson Doctors Free. :
Consult Hudson Doctors Free. < '
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
JgjflrJllfr-IW • I will • guarantee
■jiJilikiHaflNfSw that my Rheumatism
J|apMBM|MML Cure will relieve lum-
J&2 iHb ba ?o, sciatica and all
XJ& ,2pmß rheumatic pains in
fjjf S®CiSEsfi& wo or tarpe hours,
> "') :'. y *!!?• &&&r and ". cure' "in a few
At all druggists,
i •ftfj^sTzSaHHW 25c. a vfal. Guide
I \^ >i S^EarsP/. to Health and mcdi-
I J 01':. pal advice free.
' : - '.'■ ! "' ; '-'''■ * ■■ 1505 Arch st.. Phila.
jijiljijiTMHa
IA/. T. HESS,
10TAHY POBUO AND ATTORNKT-AT LAW,
Tetun Floor. Room 10A6, Claua Spreckel» Bldr.
~-" *?,''-' Telephone Brown 931.
6»* 4 Fr"anct sc £ 21 Cam ° rala *" bel °* *•»•"•GRANT'S FORGES DECIDE TO
SAVE THE STATE'S HONOR
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan.
31.— One of U.S. Grant's closest advisers informs
The Call late to-night that the Grant forces will
remain firm as long as D. M. Burns is a candi
date for Senator. To save the honor of the State
they propose to stand between D. M. Burns and
the United States Senate.
flne of not less than 5500 nor more than
$1000 or by imprisonment for not less than
one nor more than three years, and it
further provides that any Child found
■with any part of its body so compressed
shall beprima facie evidence of the guilt
of- the parents or guardian.
Mr. Henry's I'M * s aimed directly at the
"•barbaric and cruel practice indulged in
by the higher ra^to Chinese of binding the
feet oi tilt- Ir daughters so tierhtly during
the. younger years that when maturity is
■ r<»aohpd nothir.fr hut ;i bit of a ball is left
. .for them to totter round upon. It's the
■ iriark of rank and wealth and breeding
■amonp tie Celestials and they will dmiht
fesi flight as hard to maintain their In
:. lieriteri right to practice the custom as
■•.they have to cling to their dope and
haml>'"> pipes. Tup Judiciary Committee
has Mr. !!-!%"y's bill for consideration.
A WAR OF WORDS
OVER WAR MONEY
CALL HKADQUARTERS. SACRA
MKN'To. Jan. 31.— Quite an exciting and
nmusing war of words took place this
afternoon at the meeting of the Assem
bly Ways and Means Committee. The
principals in the contest were ex-Surveyor
General Janus W. Shanklln and Thomas
M. Nosier. The circumstances leading up
to the argument related to the existence
<jf two bills which were introduced re
epectlvelj by the participants.
It seems that Nosier was one of the
agents employed by the State to collect
certain moneys which were due the State
for funds advanced by California during
th.^ war of the rebellion to the United
States, ami which has not as yet been re
paid in full. The bill which Nosier has
before the committee Is for his relief, as
lio <l:ums th;it there is some accrued com
mission which he has not yet received.
Shanklin also has a claim against the
State for services rendered to Nosier,
claiming that he was employed by him In
his work of collecting the money. Shank
lin also hris a substitute bill which he
rlaLms will fft both cases and this was
the bone of contention. After listening to
the arguments of both parties the com
mittee, very much to the disappointment
of both the gentlemen interested, decided
to lay the matter over until some future
meeting. Bill 159, an act making an ap
propriation to pay the claim of the State
Board of Horticulture for moneys ex
panded in behalf of the State, was re
ported favorably upon by the committee.
STRATTON'S ELECTION BILL
GOES TO THIRD READING
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MKNTO, Jan. 31.— The Stratton primary
election law, which has for Its object the
purification of primary elections, to pre
vent fraud and repeating, was to-day
passed to third reading by the Senate.
A determined effort to defeat the bill
waa made by Senators Cotter and Short
rldge. but it was without avail.
Si nator Cutter endeavored to bring
nhniu the undoing of the proposed law I
by attaching an amendment to it to the
effect that all the expense incurred under ]
the law be borne by the State. The orig
inal bill provided that this expense be
borne by the several counties, each coun
ty paying for the expense of Us own pri
mary.
:tor Stratton vigorously opposed the
amendment, as did also Senator Bettman.
Th<- amendment was defeated by an over
whelming vote.
Several other -amendments. In no way
affecting the general purpose of the Dill,
were ado] I
Senator Rowell of Fresno made a gen
eral argument for the bill, stating that
It' was one of the most important matters
1.. be considered at this session.
On rolicall the bill was advanced to third
reading 1 .
Making Druggists Easy.
;.!. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— Considerable opposition
Is !.. iiiK mad.' against Assembly bill 7,
which is an act privileging employes of
drug stores to !" come practicing pharma
cist^ after having been in the employ of
a pharmacy four years. The bill was re
am< tided 1 to read. "Having ten
ynirs' experience in pharmacies."
William Searby, dean of the California
fee of Pharmacy, together with Sam
iiH Waller, a trustee of the said college
and a prime mover in pharmaceutical
matters, appeared before the Assembly
Committee on Public Health and Quaran
this afternoon and spoke against the
measure. Assemblyman J. J. Crowley of
San Francisco is very much opposed to
ill, Anting that the act would allow
ttle-washen in drug stores
■ on a par with graduated pharma
«ists who have Bpent considerable money
lining th<- knowledge they possess,
and also place the public in a position to
their warns administered to by ig
• people who, by virtue of having
Bcrubbed Boors In drug stores, have be
come practicing pharmacists.
Th>' committee took no action upon the
matter and concluded to meet in joint
Besslon with the Senate < »mmittee and
discuss it further.
Civil Service for the State.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. m.— Senator Bulla
to-day Introduced In the Senate the bill
providing tor n civil service commission,
which Is to consist of three persons to be
ram<-<! by tlu- Governor. The bill seeks
to bring about competitive examinations
in tli* matt.r ol Intmentfl to tne
Ftate service. It I pra itically the same
ns the bill introduc, <i some days ago in
the Assembly by Mr. Conrey of I_o9 An-
To Protect Young Criminals.
CALL HEADQTIARTERB, SACRA-
IfENTO. Jan. 3L— Secretary of the
Lunacy Commission Cariere haa formu
lated a bill whlcb will be Introduced in
tho Assembly to-morrow, it provides for
putting aalde Bpcclal apartments in oitv
and county lafla tor juvenile prisoners
under iho age of 16 years. The object of
the act is to prevent the younger prison
ers from sc<-liik or communicating with
adult prisoners, as it i.^ claimed that
numerous diseases are communicated to
V ;._ ADVERTISEMENTS.
f-K *♦:■♦: ♦♦♦♦♦ +♦+ + + ++ ♦ + ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦-♦■♦♦♦♦♦♦
| WEAK MEN j
* '/T \ ' Young or Old, :
• • .- : * * \Who would speedily regain their former vigor "^
•'.' ■ ■ j''' / /S3^ C should wear "♦"
ft 1 " V DR. PIERCES FAMOUS %
j| H£3 x ELECTRIC BELT AND SUSPENSORY! ♦
•4- 2&MS V\*Ti r° dru 9 8 necessary. Electricity does the > .a;
v. WM'™vMJmSt work Thousands have been cured. Buy no .
I HBmME; bel< till rou see "DR. P/ERCE'S."
I SIBiMHI \tr Call at ihe office or send 2c in stamps X
™^^m^MW for "PAMPHLET No. 2." Address ■ t
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., t
1 : ' r^*slilslP^ 620 Market StreM (Opp. Ptiwe H.tiD San Francisco. +
hk>" -♦- -f ++++ -f -f +V+ >+ + rA> ♦♦ ♦ .-f ♦♦♦♦+* + 1 + tWy"
the youthful by the older ones in various
ways. It is also claimed that it tends to
contaminate the juvenile prisoners by
coming In contact older ones, and
that many an Innocent boy or girl at the
time of incarceration has left his or her
confinement with the instincts of hard
ened criminals.
BRAUNHART'S PET BILLS
ALL TURNED DOWN
CALL HEADQUARTERS, . SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 31.— Senator Braunhart of
San Francisco is this evening consoling
himself with the thought that he Is a
much abused man, for without exception
the. Senate Judiciary Committee turned
him down upon every one of the pet bills
that he has been to so much trouble form
ulating and which, If they had become
laws, Mr, Braunhart would have made a
record for himself that would have made
him an object of envy to many of his
fellow-Senators.
The bills upon which 'the committee de
clined to pass favorably were those re
lating to the cutting down of fees now j
received by Public Administrators and i
also giving the heirs to estates of the de- |
ceased the power to choose any attorney
they wished to. act as administrator, i
whereas at present It is the duty of the j
court to so do.
Mr. Braunhart spoke at some length |
upon the bills as they came up, and gave
as the reason for formulating them the
fabulous fees now received by Adminis
trators, which in many cases eat up the
l entire estate.
He also contends that the heirs of the.
deceased should have the right to choose
their own attorney, as In many cases, un
der the present regime, the court appoints
unscrupulous attorneys, who make it a
point to divert to their own use as much
of the estate as possible. AC a*f Charles
Snook of Alameda County fcppvvred for
the Administrator of that county, Abra
ham Ruef for that of San Francisco and
Elwood Bruner for the Administrator of
Sacramento County. They all spoke In
decided' terms against the measure, and
met with very little opposition except on
the part of Senator Braunhart.
ELKS GIVE A RECEPTION
TO FREDERICK WARDE
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— The Sacramento lodge
of Elks to-night gave a reception to
Frederick Warde and Louis James, the
tragedians, who are prominent members
of the order. A carload of Elks came
down from Chico by special train, and the
visitors joined the Sacramento Elks in
filling the larger section of the Clunie
Opera House at the presentation of "Mac
beth" to-night. Following the perform
ance a serial session of the local organiza
tion «as held at the Elks' Hall, Frederick
Warde presiding. Several hours were
passed In Jollity and good-fellowship.
Among those present was General W. H.
■ L. Barnes, who enlightened the event with
some characteristically clever bits of
! oratory. All of the male members of the
I James-Kldder-Warde company were like-
I wise guests of the Elks.
Good Work in the Senate.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— The Senate this after
noon broke the record and held an after
noon session, at which considerable busi
ness was transacted.
Senator La Rue's bill to prohibit the
sophistication and adulteration of wine;
to prevent fraud in the manufacture and
sale thereof; to provide a penalty there
! for and to appropriate money to enforce
the law, was passed on third Reading.
A bill to pay F. P. Otis $127 for the ex
pense of foreclosing cases of delinquent
purchases of State school land was passed
on third reading.
It wa# 5 p. m. when the Senate ad
journed. Before adjournment the San
Francisco harbor bond 'issue bllU intro
duced by Braunhart, came up on third
reading. It was at the request of the
author that the bill was passed over until
! it was printed, and it will retain its posi
tion on the file.
Tired of Delay.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— There have been a num
ber of bills of immediate Interest to the
mining sections of the State introduced in
the Assembly during the first two weeks of
I the present session and ever since that
'■■ time have been waiting some action by
the Committee on Mines and Mining. The
chairman of the committee has so far
failed to call a meeting, and upon being
requested to do so at different times, has
I failed to comply. .„«__,_.
The other members have finally tired of
I his dilatory tactics and In view of the
urgency of a number of the measures
waiting their consideration, have about
decided to offer a resolution in the As
sembly calling upon that body to issue a
peremptory order for an immediate meet
ing.
To Test Voting Machines.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
i MFNTO, Jan. 31.— A bill practically a
i duplicate of that Introduced in the Senate
i by Stratton of Alameda a week ago was
' offered in the Assembly this morning. It
• provides for a commission of three mem.
i bcrs whose duty it shall be to inspect all
voting machines that shall be brought
! before them before the next general elec
tion. Machines which they consider
worthy of trial will be given a test at the
I next general election. They will be tried
in San Francisco, Los Angeles and other
towns throughout the State. Ten of them
in all will be selected for the test. The
commissioners shall be the Governor, one
each of the faculty in mechanics In the
State University and of Stanford.
Money for the Harbor.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MKNTO, Jan. Sl.— At a meeting of the
' Assembly Committee on Commerce and
> Navigation this afternoon, bill 334 and
! Senate joint resolution 12 were reported
, favorably upon. BUI Xii is- an act nuthor
! izing the Treasurer to transfer to the San
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1899.
Francisco harbor improvement fund
money now in the San Francisco depot
sinking fund. Senate joint resolution 12
relates to the improvement of San Pablo
Bay.
To Relieve the Farmer.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— Senator Sims to-day
presented a petition to the Senate from
the Sonoma County Grange asking that
all farm property be exempted from tax
ation. The resolution created considera
ble merriment. It was as follows:
Whereas. The prosperity of agriculture is in
dispensable to the prosperity of all other legit
imate industries of our State and nation; ana.
Whereas.- Agriculture is languishing under
the grleveus burden of taxation; and.
Whereas. The' Legislature now In session, is
being flooded with petitions looking to the ex
emption of other classes of property from taxa
tion, the effect of which would be to Increase
the taxation on agriculture;. now, therefore,
be it ■' _
Resolved, By the Sonoma County Grange
that the Legislature be hereby petitioned to
submit to the people a constitutional amend
ment exempting all farms from taxation.,
The petition was ordered printed in the
journal. . . .^ . .-. •':.
The Committee Will Jleet Again.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.—The Assembly commit
tee having, the United States Senatorial
investigation in hand will hold a session
Friday if Milton <J. Green is able at that
time to appear before the bar of the
House to answer to the charge of con
tempt, and if after so appearing he is
willing to answer the questions the com
mittee asked him and upon which he was
silent. But if the committee finds out to
morrow that Green will not be able to ap
pear before Friday, they will hold a ses
sion on Thursday, at which Assemblyman
Dale will appear and testify >as to the,
man who it is asserted he stated offered
him $3000 to make Bulla his second choice
for Senator after he left Grant.
♦
Bills for More Than a Million.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan.3l.— According to the report
of the Committee on Ways and Means
there had been introduced in the Assem
bly up to January 28 bills carrying appro
priations aggregating $1,519,078 31. Or
these, appropriations aggregating $367,0>0
had been reported favorably, $77,000 un
favorably; bills amounting to $198,845 have
been referred to other committees and ap
propriations amounting to $876,233 31 are
still under the consideration of the Ways
and Means Committee. The report was
handed up in the Assembly and was read
Senate Action.
CALL HEADQNARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— 1n the Senate this
morning petitions from Auburn and Long
Beach were presented asking that the
Sunday law be enacted.
Ex-Governor J. H. Budd's message was
referred to the Committee on Executive
Communication. The joint resolutions
relative to subsidizing American steam
ship lines and the one asking Congress to
pension survivors of the Indian wars were
adopted. They have heretofore been
printed in detail in The Call.
OFFICER ;BUSH A DARK HORSE
Will Be Appointed Sergeant of Police
to Fill Nash's Vacancy.
Policeman Charles D. Bush •will be to
moted to the position of police sergeant.
For over twenty years he has worn the
officer's star, but now he will go one bet
ter and don the sergeant's cap. He Is
slated to fill the vacancy caused by the
recent promotion of Sergeant Nash as
lieutenant of police.
For some time there has been much spec
ulation as to who would be the chosen
one, and at least fifty applications have
been made Bush has not figured promi
nently among them, but he will receive th#
honors at the next meeting of the Pollc«
Commissioners. His name has been de
cided upon In appreciation of the efficient
service he has given to the department,
and his friends are congratulating him on
his prospective promotion.
ARRESTED ON
SUSPICION OF
INCENDIARISM
Wm. Sargeant May Be
Charged With Arson.
William Sargefcnt, rooming at 230 Clinton
Park, who was arrested early yesterday
morning by Officer Samuels for disturbing
the peace, may have the more serious
charge of arson placed against him. His
case came up in Judge Mogan's court yes
terday morning, and at the request of the
arresting officer it was put over until
Thursday and Sargeant was held without
bail pending an investigation of the fire
at his lodging place early yesterday morn
ing.
Officer Samuels, who lives across the
street from the house at 230 Clinton Park,
was awakened about half-past 2 o'clock
yesterday morning by the cry of fire.
Hastily dressing he rushed into the street
and saw a blaze in the house owned by
a man named Hadsell and occupied by a
family named Thompson. The blaze was
in the basement, and the policeman, see
ing that the flames had not gained much
headway, sought to extinguish them with
out turning in an alarm. As he ran
toward the house Sargeant stopped him
and sought to keep him from entering
the basement. After a short struggle
Samuels threw Sargeant from him, and,
finding no buckets about the ijlace, se
cured some from his own home and put
out the fire. After the blaze was ex
tinguished Samuels arrested Sargeant for
disturbing the peace.
The neighbors who were' present at the
fire were of the opinion that it was a case
of Incendiarism. Mrs. Thompson was the
first one to discover the fire, and it is said
that Sargeant, who had not been to bed
up to that time, sought to keep her and !
others from giving the alarm. No one
seems to know what obiect Sargeant
would have in setting the place on lire.
The blaze started In the basement
among a pile of old rubbish, which had |
been scraped into a corner next to a |
wooden partition, and had not Officer
Samuels Deen so prompt in getting water
on th<? flames it is probable that the house
would have been burned to the ground.
The police have notified Fire Marshal
Towe and an investigation will be made
to-day.
"KID" LAVIGNE AND
"MYSTERIOUS" SMITH
They Will Box Twenty Rounds Be
fore the Excelsior
Club.
The Indications are that the lovers of
boxing of this city will have an oppor
tunity of seeing "Mysterious" Billy Smith
and "Kid" Lavigne meet in a twenty
round contest during the latter part of
| February. In fact, the match is all but
made. It only remains for Smith to ar
« rive here and sign articles. He has
agreed to come and Managers Kennedy
and Collins of the Excelsior Club, under
whose auspices the mill will be brought
off. telegraphed him expense money last
night.
Smith, who is at present in New York,
will probably arrive here Monday night.
As Lavigne has been in the city ever
since he fought Tracy, he will commence
training at once.
"I am glad that Smith has agreed to
come out here and meet me," said "Kid"
Lavigne when seen last night. "I con
sider him to be the best man In the wel
ter-weight division. His style Is some
what similar to my own. When he en
ters the ring with a man he seems to
have an object in view other than see-
Ing how many times he can run around
the ring without being hit. ■ I have seen
him in several of his battles, and I believe
I can beat him. Since my fight with
Tracy I have taken excellent care of my
self and I will have little trouble in con
ditioning myself for Smith. However I
intend to" start training immediately, for
I realize that Smith is hard game. I
will train at Blanken's Six Mile House."
Jim Kennedy received a telegram from
Smith late last ni#ht stating that he
would leave New York for this city to
day.
ARMY BILL
IS PASSED
HOUSE VOTES TO IN
CREASE THE FORCE
TO 100,000 MEN.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— The bill to
reorganize and Increase the standing
army to about 100,000 men, but giving
the President authority to reduce the
size of Infantry companies and cav
alry troops to sixty men each, thus
fixing a minimum of about 50,000 en
listed men, passed the House to-day
by a vote of 168 to 125. This was the
result of a week of hard and often
picturesque fighting on the floor, dur
ing the progress of which the opposi
tion compelled those In charge of the
measure to give this discretionary au
thority to the President and to make
other modifications, among which were
■ a reduction of 331 In the number of
staff officers. In consequence of these
modifications the Republican opposi
tion practically vanished, and on the
final vote but six Republicans voted
against the bill— Messrs. Barber of
Maryland, Connolly of Illinois, Loud
of California, Johnson of Indiana, Mc-
Ewan of New Jersey and Wadsworth
of New York.
This Republican defection was, how
ever, almost offset by five members of
the political opposition, who voted In
favor of the bill — Messrs. Berry of
Kentucky, McClelland of New York.
McAleer of Pennsylvania, Taylor of
Alabama, Democrats, and Skinner,
Populist, of North Carolina.
The galleries were crowded through
out the day and every member who
could possibly be there was on the floor
to record his vote on the final roll (call.
The programme to-day Included pro
vision for two hours of general de
bate, which was to be occupied by
MATCH APPLIED
TO HIDE MURDER
Tragedy on a Ranch in
1 - • -Wash n
FARMER SLAIN FOR HIS GOLD
. : >.\" '. .* ■ ,
. ~~~~ . '\~ ,■-:'
HIS CABIN FIRED TO COVER
THE CRIME. . ]
Officials Find That the Dead Man's
Body Was Dismembered Before . U
: . r ßeing -7 Inciner- ._ 4
V".-- .: : y.^"-.-~.ated.^; r :'-'- "■■: : -; - ; -. ; "
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
TACOMA, Jan. 31.— Boisfort, a small
town In Lewis County, has supplied
more sensations than any other com
munity of this State during the past
sixty days. Within that time two citi
zens — father and stepson — have been
accidentally killed by the same rifle
while hunting. Another hunter has
been lost In the mountains and is now
mourned as dead. Yesterday a trag
edy-came to light, when the charred
remains of V. A. Faddaugh were dis
covered among the ruins of his cedar
log cabin, eight miles west of Chehalis.
It was first believed Faddaugh had
been burned to death while asleep in
his cabin, but later discoveries indicate
that he was the victim of foul play.
This belief is strengthened by the
fact that Faddaugh drew a sum ot
money out of the bank at Chehalis sev
eral days ago. His friends have come
to the concluaion that he was murdered
for his money by some one who Knew
he had it in his poss^sion, and that
his cabin. was afterward fired to Rhow
that he had been burned to death while
asleep.
Neighbors noticed a fire at Fad
daugh's place on Sunday night, but as
brush tires are common where land is
being cleared, they thought nothing of.
It. Yesterday morning, however, John
White went over to see Faddaugh and
found that his cabin had been burned.
In the ashes the body was found, burn
ed almost beyond recognition.
As soon as this news reached Cheha-
Hs an Investigation was commenced un
der the auspices of Coroner Mead and
Prosecuting Attorney Harmon, who
was a cousin of Faddaugh. Accompa
nied by Deputy Sheriff Fourot, they
proceeded to Faddaugh's ranch and
impaneled a Coroner's jury. They dis
covered that the dead man's head and
limbs had been severed from his Dody.
What are thought to be bullet marks
were found on his watch case, and evi
dence of violence is said to have been
found on the breast of the corpse.
A young man named William Tay
lor testified at the Inquest that I> ad
daugh had brought to the ranch the
money he got from the bank. Taylor's
actions were deemed somewhat suspi
cious and to-day he was brought to
Chehalis in custody on suspicion of be
ing implicated. Coroner Mead refuses
to give out further details of the evi
dence at the inquest, but since Taylor
has been held there Is little doubt that
more evidence that Faddaugh was mur
dered was obtained.
Faddaugh was over 50 years old and
came to Chehalis last fall from Polo,
Mo. The farm on which he was killed
was homesteaded by his son, who was
killed in September near Walla Walla
by the turning over of a traction engine
belonging to a threshing outfit. Soon
after this the father came out to settle
his son's estate and look after his prop
erty. He had spent most of his time
in Chehalis until last week, when he
went out to Boisfort to sttrt spring
work on the ranch. Before going he
drew the money in question out of the
bank, Intending to use It to buy an ad
joining forty acres of land which he
was very desirous of obtaining.
Faddaugh was a nephew of Rev. A.
A. Harmon of Chehalis and a cousin
of Prosecutor Harmon, both of whom
are determined that his murderers shall
be hunted down. Young Taylor, who ts
held on susolclon. was an acquaintance
of the dead man in Missouri.
BACK TO CIVIL LIFE.
VANCOUVER, Wash., Jan. 31.— The
first battalion of the Eighth California
Volunteer Infantry, consisting of Compa
nies D, G, I and H, which has been sta
tioned at Vancouver Barracks for the
past three months, was formally mustered
out of service to-day. The majority of
the battalion left to-night for California
in a special train over the Southern Pa
cific.
Mesßrs. Dalzell of Pennsylvania and
Hopkins of Illinois, in closing for the
majority, and Messrs. Bailey of Texas
and Settle of Kentucky for the oppo
sition. This programme was smashed
owing to the failure to complete the
debate under the five minute rule be
fore 3 o'clock, the hour set for the vote.
Among the important amendments
adopted before the vote was taken to
day was one to exclude the appointment
of civilians to positions in the Engineer
Corps, one to abolish canteens and the
sale of liquor in camps and one to
strike out the provision for additional
pay for commands serving in the West
Indies and Philippines and Alaska. The
amendment of Mr. Cummings of New
York to prohibit the use of troops in
the several States to suppress riots,
etc., except upon the applications of
the States was defeated by a large ma
jority. The motion to recommit with
instructions to report back the minority
substitute only commanded two Repub
lican votes, and was lost, 117 to 170.
The bill as passed provides, in ad
dition to the general officers and staff
departments, for twelve regiments of
cavalry of twelve troops each, 144 coast
batteries, twenty-four field batteries,
thirty regiments of infantry of twelve
companies each, a corps of engineers
and one regiment of engineers, an ord
nance department and a signal corps,
the latter with 625 men. It also gives
the President discretion to recruit the
organization serving in Cuba, Porto
Rico and the islands of the Pacific in
whole or in part from the inhabitants
thereof.
Before the House adjourned to-day
the river and harbor bill was formally
called up in order to make it the un
finished business in the committee of
the whole.
FOSTER SUCCEEDS
SENATOR WILSON
Tacoma Lumberman to
Don a Toga.
VICTORIOUS IN A CAUCUS
NAMED BY REPUBLICANS AT
OLYMPIA.
At the Close of a Bitter Fight the In
cumbent Throws His Support
Against His Own
County.
Special Dispatch to The Call. *
SEATTLE, Jan. 31.— Addlson G. Fos
ter of Tacoma, one of the best-known
lumber men in the Northwest, was to
night elected United States Senator to
succeed John L. Wilson, after one of
the most bitter political fights in the
history of the State. There were two
other candidates in the field — Senator
Wilson and Levi Ankeny. J. T. Humes,
Mayor of Seattle, was in the fight at
the start, but last night withdrew and
threw his strength to Ankeny, a banker
and one of the wealthiest men of the
coast.
The one great desire of the three can
didates — Humes, Foster and Ankeny —
seemed to be to defeat Wilson, who, it
was alleged, disregarded the welfare
of the Republican party of the State
for the purpose of building up a per
sonal organization. Wilson to-day was
compelled to realize that his chances
of being returned to the Senate were
very poor. He was very bitter at King
County, first for putting up Mayor
Humes as a candidate against him,
and second in later throwing Humes'
strength to Ankeny. Realizing that his
political future was a wreck, and for
the purpose of "getting even" with
King County, he to-night, during a
caucus of the Republicans, threw l his
strength to Foster, making him the
caucus nominee.
There was much excitement over the
result. King County claiming that sev
eral of her delegates betrayed her in
terests by first voting for Wilson and
later going with the Foster forces.
Wllso'n had the support of Mark Hanna
In his fight.
HUNTSMAN MISSING
NEAR HEALDSBURG
HEALDSBURG, Jan. 31.— About a
month ago two men with horses and
wagon laden with provisions passed up
Mill Creek and stopped at a cabin locat
ed at the head of Pena Creek. A few days
later one of the men returned with the
rig, the other presumably remaining- for a
hunting and fishing vacation.
Last Sunday Messrs. Hayes, Corbell and
others happened to pass that way and
stopped for a chat with the stranger. No
response was received to their knocks at
the door and they entered without invi
tation. The cabin was found unoccupied,
but well stocked with provisions of all
kinds. The men searched in the neigh
borhood of the cabin, but found no trace
of the missing man.
The residents of that section believe
that the man met with foul play at the
hands of his companion or accidentally
shot himself while hunting in the wilds
of that region.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 31.— Pacific Coast
patents were granted to-day as follows:
California— Anthony Bink, Stockton, tubular
boiler; James Cameron and W. E. Link, San
Francisco, trunk lashing; Andrew V. Chapln,
Ferndale, fishing reel tension attachment; John
E. Harvle, Los Angeles, machine for making
popcorn gems; Espiridlon Hinollto, Los An
geles, window; Edgar A. Holloway, Gilroy
(assignor of one-half to F. U. Reeve, San
Jose), signal controlling track In Instrument;
William McCall. San Francisco (assignor to
McCall's Slldlng-hlnge Window Company),
elldable hinged window; Ellsworth D. Mlddle
kauff, San Francisco (assignor to W. D.
Bowen, Fresno), can opener; Emma E. Miller,
Sacramento, mop wringer; William F. Murray.
San Francisco, adjustable fair leader; William
G. Reed, Los Angeles, feather renovator;
Philip Somervllle. Bishop (assignor to Califor
nia Agitating and Leaching Machine Company),
apparatus for extracting metals.
Washington— Abner A. Pelton, Spokane, sand
papering machine.
Nevada— Charles A. Lagrave, Carson, bi
cycle driving gear.
K. M. Caldwell was to-day appointed
Postmaßter at Hamburg, Slsklyou County,
California, vice Daniel Caldwell, deceased.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Additional— Eugene K. B.
Rlghtman, Diggs-, $6 to $12. Increase-
Allen Minnlear, Modesto, $8 to $12. Re
issue—William Quinlivant, San Francisco,
$12.
Oregon: Additional— Constantine J. Mc-
Laughlln. Applegate. $2 to $8. Original
widow, etc.— Mary Murphy, Monument, $8.
PANIC FOLLOWS
A MINING BOOM
Excitement on Denver's
Exchange.
ISABELLA STOCK DECLINES
FALLING AS RAPIDLY AS IT HAD
GONE UP.
Reached fl 80 a Share After the Re
cent Remarkable Gold Strike,
but Has Now Receded
to $1 30.
Special Dispatch to The Call. *
DENVER, Jan. 31.— The recent dis
covery of wonderfully rich ore 'in the
property of the Isabella Gold Mining
Company at Cripple Creek has caused
the greatest excitement on the mining
stock exchanges of this city, Colorado
Springs and Cripple Creek that has
been witnessed in a number of years.
The stock of this company, which six
weeks ago was quoted at 22 cents a
share, sold on the exchanges yesterday
at Jl 80, having jumped from 90 cents
in two days.
This morning signs of a reaction were
apparent when the exchange opened.
The first sale of Isabella was at $1 60
and at once the panic began. There
were many buyers, but offerings were
too heavy for them and the price grad
uallyl sank to Jl 49 and 51 50 at the
close of the first call. When the sec
ond call opened there was a further
decline and the panic continued, the
last sales bringing $1 29^@1 30. The
sales to-day were 127,000 shares.
To-night there is a great diversity of
opinion as to the action of the stock
to-morrow, many declaring that the
bear movement has done Its worst and
predicting that the next upward turn
will carry the stock to 52. This is based
on the claim that the mine has $5,000,000
worth of ore running $1000 In gold to
the ton now in sight. The company Is
capitalized at $2,250,000.
The excitement on 'Change, which
has been entirely due to the Isabella
strike, has been largely confined to
that stock, though several other gold
stocks have been Influenced sympa
thetically. The fluctuations were for
the most part within narrow limits.
RAILWAY BOUGHT BY
A SUGAR COMPANY
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 31.— W. H. Hola
bird. now in San Francisco, han just
closed the sale of the Santa Ana and
Newport Railway to J. Ross Clark, the
vice president of the Los Alamitos Sugar
Company. The exact sum paid is not
known, but it is about $500,000. The rail
way has three terminals— Newport, San\a
Ana and Westminster. The original main
line runs from Newport to Santa Ana and
the other branch runs from Newport to
Westminster. The total length Is twenty
two miles.
It is aald that W. H. Holablrd is to oe
general manager under the new manage
ment. Whether the road is to be extended
any great distance is not known. That it
is to be extended into the town of West
minster is certain, the present terminus
being in the celery fields two miles south
of that town.
TEN THOUSAND REBELS
BESIEGING SHU CHAU
LONDON, Jan. 31.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says: Ten
thousand rebels are besieging Shu Chau,
the third most important city in the
province of Anhoui. If Shu Chau falls all
the northern and central portions of An
houi will be at the mercy of the rebels.
An imperial general, while trying to re
capture Kuyan, was defeated on January
23. losing 2000 men.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Have You Been Cured?
If Not, Why Not?
When electricity falls to cure, when medicine fails to cure, go to the State Electro-
Medical Institute and let its Electrical and Medical Specialists prove to you tnat
by their combined electro-medical treatment they can cure you even when all
else has failed.
WEAK MEN AND WOMEN and those on the verge of despondency are re-
minded that the Specialists of this Institute have had large an 3 varied experi-
ence in their particular line of treatment.
Effective as either medical or electrical treatment has proven to be when used
separately under proper advice, the combining of these two great curative agents
by these eminent Specialists produces a curative power never before obtained, and
Impossible to secure by either medicine or electricity used in the old way alone
Does it not appeal to your Intelligence that the two combined will accomplish
more than when used separately? These able and progressive Specialists are to-
day achieving most wonderful results in curing NERVOUS, CHRONIC and
BLOOD diseases and all difficult diseases of MEN and WOMEN.
A cordial invitation is extended to all physicians or specialists having difficult
or stubborn cases to bring their patients to the institute for treatment under
their Improved system. Some doctors fail because of treating the wrong disease-
others from not knowing the right treatment.
NO MISTAKES HERE AND NO FAILURES.
Among the many diseases and troubles in which the State Electro-Medical Institute
GUARANTEES A PERFECT CURE
•ARE THE FOLLOWING:
UnOC Acute and Chronic Catarrh of
1 liuuLi the nose and air passages of tne
! head, polypus and other growths in tne
nasal passages positively cured without
surgical operation by this treatment
: alone.
TURRAT Catarrhal sore throat, acute
innUHli and chronic pharyngitis, en-
larged tonsils and palate, hoarseness,
loss of voice, paralysis of the vocal cords
and all forms of throat trouble.
I 1 1 UPC Consumption in the first and
LUIIUOi second stages, hemorrhages,
chronic bronchitis, dry or loose cough,
pains in chest, difficult breathing, acute
and chronic asthma, hepitization, etc.,
positively cured by this combined electro-
medical treatment.
LIE AFI Neuralgia, sick, nervous or con-
lILHUi gestive headache, dull, full feel-
ing at base of brain, loss of memory,
dizziness, softejiing of th% brain, tumors
and eczema of scalp. _
UP ART Palpitations, Irregular puisa- j
nCHnli tions, valvular diseases, weak!
and fatty heart, dropsy and rheumatism |
of the heart, languid circulation, etc.
innitlEYQ Inflammation of the kidneys,
MUHLIOi Bright's disease, diabetes,
congestion of the kidneys, uraemia, gravel
stone, all scientifically and successfully
treated by this combined electro-medical
treatment.
Dl AnnEß Inflammation, cystitis, cys-
DLMUUCIIi terrhoea. catarrh of the
bladder. These distressing diseases in- I
variably yield to this system of combined
treatment.
I IVED QDI EEN A disease of the
LIVCn OrLLLllilfver. jaundice, sci-!
erosis, gall-stone, congestion and all or-
ganic and functional disorders, bowels —
diarrhoea, dysentery, inflammation and all
nervous and reflex disorders, rheuma-
tism.
QTHMAPU Catarrh, ulceration and dys-
-01 UmHUlli pepsia. indigestion, weak-
ness, pain and fullness after eating,
heartburn, etc.
ALL DISEASES OF WOMEN most successfully treated and promptly cured '
by this Combined Electro-Medical Treatment. Consultation free.
»* RITEIf you cannot call. Letters confidential and answered in all languages
We have the most successful home treatment known to the medical profes-
sion, and thousands who were unable to call at office have been cured at horn*
by our combined electro-medical treatment. Call or address
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
TOLD TO ENFORCE
THE CITY'S LAWS
Los Angeles Police to
Watch Saloons.
MUST CLOSE AT MIDNIGHT
SUNDAY TRAFFIC IN LIQUOR
WILL BE STOPPED.
Restaurateurs and Drug-gists Also
Are to Be Made to Observe
the Letter of the Ordi
nances. ->
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 31.— Chief of
Police Glass was to-day Instructed by
the Board, of Police Commissioners to
enforce the city ordinances that are
designated to regulate the business
hours of saloons. Should the Chief car
ry out to the letter the order given he
will be compelled to see to it that no
saloon remains open for business after
midnight of any day, and not for a
minute on Sunday. He will also look
into the conduct of those places hav
ing a restaurant license, and will keep
a lookout on drug stores that cell whis
ky by the drink.
At a meeting of the board this morn
ing Mayor Eaton brought ud vhe sub
ject, which is fraught with much im
portance to liquor dealers. May Dr Eat
on said he had learned .that riome sa
loons were disregarding the ordinance
requiring the closing of saloons at mid
night and all day on Sunday. In view
of information that had come to him
he suggested that the board* instruct
the chief to enforce the law.
Commissioner Scarborough explained
that he knew personally that most, if
not all, drug stores sold whisky to any
person for ten cents a drink, and did
not demand a physician's prescription.
Commissioner Goss said if druggists
were in the habit of selling liquor at
ten cents a drink it was wrong and
should be looked into, not because it
was a violation of their rights, but be
cause it was hurtful competition of sa
loons that paid $50 a month license.
Chief Glass said the police depart
ment had been "up against" the res
taurant license proposition several
times before. He had found that some
places keep sandwiches until they are
worn smooth in their long continued
use as excuses for the sale of accom
panying drinks.
The commissioners ended the matter
by the adoption of a resolution instruct
ing the Chief to at once proceed against
any persons caught violating the liquor
ordinance, whether they are saloon
men, restaurant men or druggists.
FALLS HEIR TO AN
ESTATE IN IRELAND
KESWICK, Jan. 31.— W. J. "Wylle of
Mistletoe, this county, recently received
the news that he had fallen heir to $40,000
worth of property In County Antrim, Ire
land, consisting of linen mills and land.
He was poor, but succeeded in borrowing
$250 to make the trip to Ireland to settle
the estate. Between Sacramento and
Reno he lost his ticket and $140 in some
unaccountable manner. He wrote back,
asking a friend to loan him $300 more,
sending it by his wife, so that she could
look after him and his money. The friend
granted the Tequest and Wylie, accom
panied by his better half, is now speeding
across the continent to get the Irish for
tune awaiting him.
PRINCESS XAIULANI ILL.
HONOLULU,- Jan. 24.— Princess Kaiu
lani is seriously ill at Hon. Samuel
Parker's residence at Maua, Hawaii.
Her father, Hon. A. S. Cleghorn, left to
day for her bedside. While the sickness is
serious there is thought to be no imme
diate danger.
NERVOUS DEBILITY SB,- 1 Jg^S
of young, middle-aged ana old men. Th«
awful effects of indiscretions in youth
(self-abuse) or excesses in after life, ano
the effects of neglected or improperly
treated cases, producing lack of vitality,
weak back, sexual weakness (impotency),
chest pains, nervousness, sleeplessness,
weakness of body and brain, dizziness,
failing memory, lack or energy and con-
fidence, despondency, evil forebodings
timidity and other distressing symptom*.
Such cases If neglected almost Invariably
lead to premature decay, insanity ana
death. Cures guaranteed under thi»
electro-medical treatment.
VARinnP.EI E Hydrocele and all swell-
THnIuUbLLL- ings, tenderness and im-
pediments of the sexual parts quickly
and completely cured.
PRIVATE diseases of every nature, go-
rnif Ml t norrhoea, gleet, stricture,
quickly and permanently cured; weak
and shrunken parts restored to their nat-
ural vigor and functions.
Rl (mil AIM MIN d leases, sores.
DLUUU l\n\i OMll spots, pimples, scro-
fula, taints, tumors, tetter, eczema, salt
rheum, ringworm and acquired blood poi-
son (syphilis) in all its forms, thoroughly
eradicated, leaving the system in a
strong, pure and healthful condition.
RUPTURE Quickly cured without use of
nuiiunuthe knife or truss, without
detention from business. A painless, sure
and permanent cure.
RUFIIMATKM Acute and chronic rheu-
nilLUnlH I lOlfli matism in all its forms-
such as enlarged and stiffened joints, mus-
cular rheumatism, lumbago, sciatica etc
DISEASES OF RECTUM, %Z*o££
orrhoids). Internal or protruding, itch-
ings, excoriations, etc., positively cured
without the use of knife.
34
THE PARIS TREATY
IS LOSING GROUND
o o
o „! .„. . . o
I It Can Only Be Ratified by Permit- I
I ting a Vote on the Resolutions I
i Granting Filipinos Inde= , i
I pendence. i
o 2
NEW YORK. Jan. 31. — The Washington correspondent of the Herald telegraphs: O
O Resolutions declaring in favor of the ultimate independence of the Philippines will be voted ®
0 upon before the treaty of peace is ratified. To this extent the anti-expansionists have won a ©
victory. Whether they will be able to adopt that kind of resolution they want remains to be O
o seen. They cannot .prevent ratification of the treaty, nor have they votes enough to ®
0 amend it. ■ O
o On the other hand, the advocates of the treaty are not absolutely certain that they can °
O get the sixty votes necessary to ratify if they defy the anti-expansionists by preventing a vote o
0 on the pending independence resolutions. They have fifty-eight votes pledged for the treaty o
o unconditionally. By permitting a vote on the pending resolutions they are sure of more than O
O the necessary vote for the treaty, whatever may be done with the resolutions. ®
q Accordingly, the Republican leaders, after conference to-day, concluded to allow all the o
O pending resolutions to be voted upon. The programme will be to move reference to the For- O
0 eign Relations Committee of all resolutions as fast as they are brought up, until the one con- °
O sidered harmless — that introduced by Senator Sullivan — is reached, when a number of Repub- o
o licans will join the Democrats in voting for its immediate adoption. O
NATIVE ABUSE
OF AMERICANS
Apiial's Juntas at Various
Points (Mine to Show Their
Dislite to This Conntry.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
HONGKONG, Jan. 31.— The Fili
pino junta here publishes its
protest against the "refusal of
the United States to associate
with the Philippine Commission
representatives of the national govern
ment," adding that "the usefulness of
the commission will necessarily be
greatly limited by the exclusion of Fili
pinos."
The protest continues:
"It is impossible for the commission,
Pitting only at Manila, unaided by the
friendly co-operation of the national
government, to reach a proper Tinder -
Ftanding of the actual condition of af
fairs in the Philippines, the unanimity
«>f the aspirations of the 'people and
their capability for self-government.
"Colonel Denby's utterances in the
November Forum are too pronounced
to jnspire confidence."
PARIS, Jan. 31.— The Filipino Junta
here has received a cable" message from
Hongkong explaining the second proc
lamation of the Filipino republic. The
message says:
"The first proclamation in August
was the work of Aguinaldo and the
generals. The second is the unanimous
work of the Filipino assembly."
"Last week a Filipino boy was shot
by an American soldier in a suburb of
Manila because he was wrangling with
a Chinaman in the market. The soldier
was not prosecuted and the boy's
father, in revenge, attacked an Ameri
can outpost armed with a knife and
killed three of them. ' The rest fled.
The Filipino escaped.
"A Filipino officer was killed while
walking in Manila by an American sol
dier. There was no prosecution.
"The American army is daily provok
ing hostilities by acts of vandalism."
The Junta also assert that the allega
tions respecting the filibustering expe
dition and anarchy are falsehoods.
"The whole country," it is asserted,
"has declared its unconditional support
of Aguinaldo. whose authority has
never been defied. The public evidently
ignores the fact that every province in
the archipelago is represented in the
congress."
General Otis' action in prohibiting
code telegrams is a flagrant breach of
international law, but the truth is leak
ing out. The Filipino newspapers de
nounce alleged gross abuses at the Ma
nila custom house.
SENATORS TALKING
ABOUT THE TREATY
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— During al
most the entire morning hour to-day
the Senate had under discussion the
policy of this country to be pursued
in the Philippine islands. Mr. Berry
of Arkansas in a speech upon the res
olution offered by Mr. West discussed
the policy of expansion without a ref
erence to the constitutional point in
volved in the Vest resolution. He
spoke from notes, stating his objec
tions to the pending treaty of peace.
He declared that he would never vote
to place upon any people a policy
against which Lee fought and against
which Jackson gave up his life.
An attempt by Mr. Bacon of Geor
gia to secure a vote upon his resolu
tion, which, in brief, declared that tbe
United States Government will not
make war upon a people seeking for
their freedom, precipitated a lively de
bate, which was participated in by
Mr. Platt of Connecticut and Mr. Tel
ler of Colorado. Mr. Bacon declared he
would never vote for the treaty unless
some such declaration were adopted
by Congress. To this Mr. Platt took
exception and delivered a speech in
which he carefully analyzed the situ
ation which confronts this country in
the Philippines. No action on the res
olutions was taken.
When the Senate went into executive
session Senators Gray and Money oc
cupied the entire time in speeches on
the peace treaty, Senator Gray favor
ing ratification and Senator Money op
posing it.
Senator Gray was the third of the
Paris Commissioners to speak, and
while he gave some attention to the
published matter bearing upon the
treaty he did not go into this in such
detail as did Senators Frye and Davis.
He admitted that In the beginning of
the negotiations he had been opposed
THE DEAD
AT MANILA
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— The
War Department has received a
cablegram from General Otis,
at Mania, in which he reports
the following deaths since his
last report:
January B—Edward8 — Edward A. Roth
meyer, private, A. Twentieth
Kansas, smallpox.
January 9 — Powhattan T.
Hackett private, F, Twentieth
Kansas, smallpox; Eugene Mer
win, corporal, If, First Califor-
nia, cirrhosis of the liver; Lewis
R. Badger, private, F, Twen
tieth Kansas, smallpox.
January 11— A. Brent McClain,
private, G, First Tennessee,
smallpox; William H. Bell, pri
vate, C, First Colorado, small
pox; E. P. Blair, private, A,
Twentieth Kansas, smallpox.
January 14— Benjamin W.
Squires, private, L, Twentieth
Kansas, smallpox.
January 15— John D. Young,
private, A, Twentieth Kansas,
smallpox; Frank Brain, private,
C, Tenth Pennsylvania, small
pox.
January 16— Norman E. Hand,
private, L, Twentieth Kansas,
smallpox.
January 19— Harry C. Falken
burg, principal musician, First
Colorado, smallpox; David L».
Campbell, private, E, Twentieth
Kansas, smallpox.
January 20— Arthur W. Tilden,
private, X, Fourteenth Infantry,
smallpox.
January 21— Allen E. Carlyle,
private, I, First Washington,
typhoid fever; W. Hawthorne,
private, C, Second Oregon, diph
theria.
January 26 — John A. Moyers,
private, H, First Tennessee,
smallpox; Earl A. Jeans, pri
vate, I, First Washington, ty
phoid.
January 27 — Otto J. Berg, pri
vate, F, First South Dakota,
diphtheria.
to the acquisition of the Philippine
archipelago, and said that he had
frankly advised the President and his
fellow-commissioners of his belief that
it would be unwise to attempt to shape
its destiny. He had used his best en
deavors to bring them to accept his
views, but had utterly failed. He had
at last reached the conclusion that he
would either have to join with the ma
jority or see the treaty fail and the war
continue. In the meantime he had been
largely won over by the arguments of
his colleagues and by the logic ol the
situation and he had at last concluded
to sign the convention.
Having taken his position he was
here now to defend the treaty as a wise
conclusion of a most delicate diplomatic
undertaking. Many complications had
beset the commissioners in tljeir work,
and while he would not retract what
he had heretofore said as to the un
desirability of acquiring distant terri
tory as a matter of principle still there
were times when a nation, as an indi
vidual, might have to choose between
evils. There was danger of many com
plications of an international character
in case the United States should have
elected to pursue a different policy. He
reiterated that the ultimate conclusion
to take the entire Philippine group was
that of the commissioners rather than
of the President and also went into the
difficulties of getting the Spanish Com
missioners to come to a conclusion.
Senator Gray did not advocate per
manent occupancy of the Eastern is
lands, but said that the duration of our
exercise of sovereignty there should
be settled in the future and not at
present.
In reply to a question by Senator
Maron he said that he would not at
tempt to fix a time— that this only could
be done after we had had an oppor
tunity to study the situation, to know
the people and learn their capacities.
He had every confidence in the Ameri
can people and he believed that they
would not only give the natives their
freedom when they had shown a ca
pacity for taking care of themselves
as a nation of the world, but that they
would manage the affairs of the islands
wisely and well while they controlled
them. They would give the islanders
a fair start in civilization before turn
ing them loose to shift for themselves.
Senator Money attacked the acquisi
tion of the islands as contrary to the
spirit of American Institutions and as
unconstitutional. He said the Govern
ment of the United States could not af
ford to put itself in the attitude of a
Don Quixote in a vain effort to care
for and advance the interests of every
people in every land that appeared, ac
cording to our standards of civilization,
to need our help. He had been an ad
vocate of intervention in the case of
Cuba, but from this fact it did not fol
low that he was willing to transfer the
Philippines from Spanish vassalage to
a dependency of the United States. He
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY ■1, 1899.
did not consider that we were especially
concerned as to the future of the Fili
pinos, and so far as he was concerned
he would leave them to work out their
own salvation. This would be far pre
ferable to assuming responsibility for
them and making them citizens of the
United States, as they would inevitably
come to be if the treaty should be rati
fied. We had made allies of them in
the Spanish war by the acts of our own
agents and, in the interest of fair deal
ing should let them achieve their in
dependence if they could do so.
Senator Mason, in a few words, in
dorsed Senator Moneys position that
fhe Filipinos would be made citizens by
the ratification of the treaty and Sena
tor Teller, in a brief rejoinder, contro
verted this position, saying that an act
of Congress would be necessary to fix
their status toward the body politic.
Senator Hoar also indorsed Senator
Moneys position.
THE PRESIDENT'S
HEALTH AFFECTED
Illness Compels Him to l>ecline Into-
tations to Future Cere
monies.
NEW YORK, Jan. 31.— A dispatch to
the Press from "Washington says: The
President is so much interested In the
outcome of the struggle over the peace
treaty that he is constantly inquiring
about its progress. He has been so
worn by the shock of persistent oppo
sition in the Senate that his health is
affected.
For more than a week Mr.
McKlnley has been far/rom well.
To Intimate visitors amongpublic
men he has confided the condi
tion of his health as the reason
for not accepting their invita
tions for future ceremonies. At
the same time the assurance has
been given that his illness is only
temporary and certainly will
yield to medical treatment.
Believing that the rumor of his ill
ness might cause unnecessary concern
the President has desired to keep his
condition from the public, and until to
day this wish was respected. But a
New York member of Congress who
had been to the White House brought
the report to the Capitol and spread it
that the. President was far from well.
Friends of the President assert he is
improving and that he soon will be all
right.
AGONCILLO WOULD
CENSOR THE PRESS
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— 1n his let
ter to the Secretary of State yester
day, inclosing a memorial against the
ratification of the peace treaty, Senor
Agoncillo, the Philippine envoy here,
expressed regret that he had not re
ceived any assurance of the peaceful
intention of America toward the Phil
ippine Republic, and that his people
are left to fear the forcible destruction
by America of her late ally, the .more
so as additional troops had recently
been sent to the Philippines, while vio
lent expressions in the newspapers and
false accusations mentioned in them
against Senor Agoncillo, may serve, he
fears, to increase their fears. He re
grets to observe that these expres
sions and accusations have received no
official condemnation.
MONTEREY COUNTY
HERMIT'S DEMISE
Passing of a Peculiar Character
Whose Only Companions "Were
Dumb Animals.
SALINAS, Jan. 31.-Frederick A. Eken.
a veteran of the civil war, and for more
than twenty-five years a well-known ec
centric character of Monterey County,
died this morning on his small, rocky
ranch near Salinas.
Eken, who was 80 years old and a na
tive of Germany, enlisted on September
16, 1862, as a private in Company I, First
Regiment Washington Territory volun
teers, and was discharged on October 12.
1565. Although in receipt of a pension of
$17 a month, he lived the life of a hermit
in a ramshackle hut filled with all sorts
of rubbish, surrounded by no less than
thirty cats and six dogs, which shared
his couch and food. He owned a horse
and cart, but to save the animal's
feet, would walk to Salinas and back, a
distance of twelve miles, carrying a
heavy load. He would not speak to any
one unless angered and waa an inveterate
toper.
Death was superinduced by an attack of
pneumonia. He will be buried under the
auspices of the local Grand Army poßt,
of which he was a member.
FOXHALL KEENE TO
ENTER WALL STREET
NEW YORK, Jan. 31.— Wall street was
Interested in the news to-day that Fox
hall Keene, one of the best polo players
In the country, a leading horseman, both
as a jockey and a follower of hounds, and
an expert golf player, was about to enter
the "street" and become a special partner
In the firm of Talbot J. Taylor & Co.. Mr.
Keene's father, Jameß R. Keene, Is one
of the best-known men in Wall street.
Mr. Keene contributes $200,000 in cash to
the firm, !n which the general partners
are T. J. Taylor, who Is a son-in-law of
James H. Keene, and J. 6. Taylor,
NEGRO SOLDIERS
ON A RAMPAGE
Drunken Mob in a Riot
at Texarkana.
PEACE OFFICER ASSAULTED
ARREST OF RINGLEADERS PRE
VENTED.
Citizens Armed With Dynamite
Finally Succeed in Restor
ing a Semblance of
Ordsr.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Jan. 31.— A spe
cial to the Gazette from Texarkana,
Ark., says: There passed through Tex
arkana to-day eight trainloads of negro
soldiers, 1200 in number, composing the
Tenth United States Cavalry, en route
to San Antonio.. When they arrived
here they were a drunken mob and an
effort was made by them to "tear up"
the town.
A number of the colored soldiers
kicked in a door and entered a resort
and started to run the place at the
point of loaded rifles. Constable James
Rochelle was called to the place after
they had broken up the furniture. A
chase for the cars resulted and just as
they reached them Rochelle captured
the leader of the gang. As soon as he
did so a hundred rifles were leveled at
him and every negro loaded his gun.
Every car window held a drunken
negro with a cocked rifle and after the
guns had been thrust against the of
ficer's face the negro escaped into the
The news spread and every officer in
Texarkana and hundreds of citizens
flocked around the negro soldiers, who
seemed anxious for trouble. County
Attorney Horace Vaugnan placed him
self in communication with the Gov
ernor and as a result the trains were
held here for seven hours. The negroes
wanted were kept in a car with an
armed guard outside. The trains were
surrounded by irate citizens, who were
supplied with dynamite, ready to send
the entire horde to destruction. The
negroes learned of this and finally
agreed to hand over the guilty ones
upon identification, but as this was im
possible no arresis were made. Cool
heads prevented more serious trouble.
ADVERTISEMENTS. : . . -.
>o<><>o<><K><><>o<>oo^<XK><^
Don't Waste Your Money!
When You Buy Anything for Your Health the Best Is None Too Good. jj?
Be Sure and Get the Best When You Buy an Electric Belt. o
I J ?
To deceive a sick man is the worst kind of cruelty, yet it is being done day after day by drugstores and other conscienceless V
pirates, who offer for sale a cheap make of electric belt and make the bold claim that it is "as good as Dr. Sanden's." V
It is not. Do not be deceived blindly, but to satisfy yourself make comparisons. The fact that these belts are cheap is Y.
nothing in their favor. When they fail to do any good, as they always do, they are dear at any price. Day after day people call in V
my office with pieces of worn-out belts which they bought in drugstores for $6 and $8, and had used only two or three weeks T
when they fell to Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Is Warranted for One Year. I "
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Is Warranted for One Year. | *
It is guaranteed to give a strong current of Electricity, which can be felt by the wearer every day for a year, or will be I
replaced with a new one. You can feel its power all the time, and can regulate it while the Belt is on the body. T
DDirE tK 4MTI lIP Warranted stronger than any other Electric Belt; warranted to last longer than any other belt, and X
I I\ILC tPw Aiil/ Ul • warranted to be more expensively constructed, more convenient to use than ; any other, and to have A
more cures than all other electric belts in the world combined. It cured 10,000 men and women in 1898. It is the best, and the A
best cure is the cheapest. While all other electric belts which have any power at all burns holes in the skin, Dr. Sanden's has a q
patented regulator which will make the current mild or strong by the simple turn of a screw. It alone is worth a great deal in the A
comfort of using the Belt. No other belt has a regulator. I
A I JITrV ! ID ~ , SAN JOSE (Cal.), January 28, 1599. (S
; I .l\ I-P I I IKr . DR. McIiAUGHLIN: I was a sufferer from Lumbago for twenty years, and six weeks ago was laid up with it. A friend X
1-*** » *-* >^ *•*■* A *"■"• induced me to try your Eleotric Belt, and I felt relief within an hour. I got up from my bed, and In ten days I was en- O
tlrely relieved of pain. I have felt no trace of it since. When I got the Belt I was getting worse all the time, and tried various remedies without avail. It ±
cured me also of Indigeetlon and Constipation. I am very grateful to you, doctor, and will recommend your Belt to my friends. Yours truly, Q
a . . , ...... GEORGE W. LEE, 481 N. Eleventh St., San Jose. . V
Are You a Weak Man? Have You a Pain or an Ache? $
If so, let me show you this wonderful life-giver. . ; Let me explain to you how it is superior to every. other known method of V
treating disease. Let me give you the benefit of my 20 years' experience and study in cases like yours. My advice is free. I wili V
make a thorough examination; and tell you honestly whether or not you can be cured. If I say you can, and you will give your case V
into my hands, I will cure you. I give you- the evidence of 10,000 people to prove this. If you cannot ca'l, send for my book, with V
full information and prices, sealed, free. I A
f^P> • A/1 IX TVVr^I > AITfTI-fl Il\l 702 Market' Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisoo. 6 2*
JL#rC. 1 Y. /-V. / V *CJ^/-V<LJ*-* .l^-li-r 11^1 f Office Houra-8 A. M. to 8.00 P. M. Sunday. 10 to I. A ff&
i - »-" ■■ / NOT IN DRUG STORES- — — — - — */ ; I : •:.._ V
o<K><HXKKKH><>O<><X^^
.-■■•" ■ - ■ I j
THE PRINCESS OF
BULGARIA DEAD
She Was the Enemy of
Stambuloff.
AN OLD STORY RECALLED
A STATESMAN'S WIDOW KEEPS
HER VENGEANCE ALIVE.
Her Husband's Dead Hands Beached
Out to Drag Marie of Parma
Away From Happi
ness.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SOFIA, Jan. 31.— Princess Ferdinand
of Bulgaria died to-day of pneumonia.
She gave birth to a daughter last even
ing.
The Princess was dying last evening-,
but the fact was hidden from the popu
lation. She was still conscious this
evening and bade farewell to the chil
dren. Prince Ferdinand remained at the
bedside throughout.
Princess Ferdinand of Bulgaria was
Marie Louise, eldest daughter of Duke
Robert of Parma. She was born on
January 17, 1870, and was married on
April 20, 1893, to Prince Ferdinand, the
reigning prince of Bulgaria. Prince
and Princess Ferdinand of Bulgaria
have four children, Boris, born January
30, 1894; Cyril, born November 17, 1895;
a daughter, born in January, 1898, and
the daughter born last evening.
The enmity that existed between the
Princess and the late M. Stefan Stam
buloff, the Bulgarian statesman, is now
recalled. M. Stambuloff's friends al
ways attributed the murderous attack
made upon him in July, 1895, to the
Princess, and his widow, who still keeps
her husband's hands in spirits to show
her children and to prevent them for
getting how their father died, once
said: "These hands are outstretched
to grasp Marie Louise of Parma to drag
her away from happiness."
The late M. Stambuloff was returning
home from the Union Club on the even
ing of July 15, 1895, accompanied by a
friend, M. Petkoff, when the two men
were attacked by four persons, armed
with revolvers and knives. The assail
ants compelled M. Stambuloff's coach
man to stop the horses. Stambuloff
jumped out and received immediately
a cut which almost severed his hand
from the wrist. He tried to escape.
WEALTHY QUAKER
COMMITS SUICIDE
No Reason Can Be Given by His
friends Why He Should Y\ave
Shot hjimself.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 31.— George Towne, a Quaker and one of the
pioneer settlers of the Quaker town of "Whittier. committed suicide in
his barn with a 22-caliber revolver at an unknown hour yesterday.
Towne, who was 45 years old, disappeared from his home after break
fast, was found at 4:30 o'clock in the afternoon and died at 11 last night
without regaining consciousness. Towne had lived in Whittier from the
founding of the colony and was highly respected. No one seems to be
able to give a reason why Towne should have committed self-murder.
He was supposed to be wealthy, owned two ranches and some prop
erty in town and &s far as can be ascertained ha*d no domestic troubles.
No recent illness had caused him to take a morbid view of life. The
only explanation given by his friends is that he had grown despondent
over the failure of his ranches on account of a possible drouth.
but was followed and stabbed in the
heart, receiving also a revolver shot.
When he fell his assailant continued to
stab him, almost cutting off the other
hand. M. Petkoff, who did all in his
power to assist the fallen man. was
also severely stabbed. M. Stambuloff's
left eye was gouged out, the other was
also destroyed, and he received In all
fifteen terrible wounds. M. Petkoff
afterward declared that he saw five
gendarmes near by when the attack
was made, and saw them run away,
without giving the least assistance.
MODOC'S DEFAULTING
TREASURER CAUGHT
New Orleans Detectives Arrest a Man
Believed to Be "Honest John"
Madden.
REDDING, Jan. 31.— A report from Al
turas announces that John Madden, the
defaulting Treasurer of Modoc County,
has been placed under arrest in New Or
leans. Photographs of the suspect are
now on the way from the Crescent City
to Alturas for identification.
About two months ago the authorities
of Modoc were notified that a man an
swering Maddens description was being
shadowed by detectives in Louisiana and
the Board of Supervisors of Modoc appro
priated $200 and sent the money to New
Orleans to assist in running the defaulter
to earth. Word has now been received
that the man is under arrest and await
ing extradition as soon as his identifica
tion shall have been established.
Madden fled from Modoc County about
$30,000 short in his accounts. By the aid
of powerful friends he got beyond pur
suit before the discovery of his crime was
made public or before decisive action was
taken looking- to his apprehension. It was
supposed that Madden had fled to the
Orient, as he was seen once in Honolulu,
but this was doubtless a mistake, as the
man now locked up in New Orleans is
thought to be the defaulter beyond a
doubt.
SMALLPOX INCREASING
IN THE ANGEL CITY
Three New Cases Reported to the
Health Office in a Single
Day.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 31.—1n spite of the
precautions taken by the Health Depart
ment to prevent the spread of smallpox,
the disease is increasing in this city.
Three new cases developed to-day, mak
ing fifteen cases since the disease was
first discovered here several weeks ago.
Health Officer Powers said to-day ha
considered it necessary that everyperson
take all precautions possible and not ex
pose himself to contagion of any disease.
He recommends immediate vaccination
as a precautionary measure. He says the
situation is not necessarily alarming at
present, but it is such as to require every
possible precaution to prevent a spread of
the disease.
Shows a Handsome Gain.
NEW YORK, Jan. 31.—The Manhattan
Life Insurance Company's forty-ninth an
nual statement, just published, shows a
very handsome gain in assets, surplus,
new business written and total amount at
risk.MILES HAS
PLENTY OF
TESTIMONY
He Says Now He Can Prove
That the Beef Was
Embalmed.
-Canned Roast Beef" the Refuse
Left After the Juices Had
Been Boiled Out.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, Jan. 31.— General Nel-
Bon A. Miles gave out a statement to
night, after denying several published
interviews attributed to him. He pre
faced his statement by saying:
000000000000000000
O o
O "I have been most freely quot- O
O ed without authority from me or Q
© without any utterance on my O
O part. It has been a source of O
O great annoyance to me." O
O ■■■:■: '■':.■':•■ O
00000000000000000
His statement is as follows: "On the
20th of last September I Issued an or
der to regimental commanders to report
to me concerning the beef which had
been issued to their men. At the time
that I went before the War Investigat
ing Commission I had only received re
ports from fourteen of the command
ers. Now I have thirty reports. They
all tell the same story. •
"The evidence proves the truth of the
statements I have made. In addition to
the report of the regimental command
er? I have a great mass of evidence.
consisting of communications and affi
davits from officers, soldiers and civil
ians. Every part of the country has
contributed to the mass of correspon
dence which I have received In refer
ence to the beef served to our soldiers,
and the evidence is all corroborative of
what I have said. The great publicity
which the press has given to the mat
ter has brought all the correspondence
of which I speak upon me.
"I have overwhelming evidence that
the embalmed beef was treated with
chemicals in order to preserve it, I
have affidavits from men who saw the
beef undergoing the treatment or em
balming process.
CONTRACT LABOR
FOR THE ISLANDS
Portuguese Immigration
to Hawaii.
HONOLULU, Jan. 24.— 8y arrange
ment between Special Chinese Agent
Brown and the attorneys for the Chi
nese who have been denied a landing
here, all these Chinese will be held
here pending the determination of the
appeal to the Treasury Department. As
to the others who may arrive and be
refused a landing it has not been de
cided what shall be done. The expec
tation is, however, that if they also ap
peal to the Secretary of the Treasury
they will be permitted to remain at the
quarantine station until their appeal is
heard and decided. It is not expected,
however, that many more will come.
The Rio brought only sixteen. Evi
dently word has reached the Chinese in
China holding permits that the permits
are not recognized.
Of permits issued to Chinese to enable
them to go from here to China and re
turn there are still about 600 outstand
ing. Of these there are many that
probably will never be presented. Some
have been practically outlawed by lapse
of time. Some have been lost or de
stroyed. Others were issued but never
used, those to whom they were issued
never leaving the islands. It is be
lieved that the bulk of the permits
which will ever come to light to raise
an issue have been presented.
Of permits to enable Hawaiian-born i
Chinese residing in China to return to
the islands there is no controversy as
to their validity. They are accepted as
evidence of the right to land upon proof
that the person presenting them is
really Hawaiian born.
More Portußu-se will be brought at
once to the Hawaiian Islands to work In
the cane fields. They will come from
Madeira, the Azores and the mainland.
One and perhaps two steamship loads
will be sent from the other side as soon
as they can be engaged and collected.
The first steamer should leave the
Azores in about two months at the la
test. Mr. Hoffnung, at London, is act
ing for the planters in engaging the
labor. He is in a better position than
any one else known here to negotiate
direct for the men. By a mail about
three weeks go he wrote that an in
definite number of. Portuguese could be
engaged. It was a reply to a question
along the line a few days ago that the
Government gavo the planters. The lat
ter wanted to know if thore were an
objection to the importation of more
Portuguese, and the authorities replied
that there was none. A cable was at
once sent to Mr. Hoffnung to engage
the number required immediately.
These immigrants will sign contracts.
Just what their status will be after the
United States laws are in full force here
it is impossible to tell. It is almost cer
tain that the contracts will not have
more than civil force, if that. Assist
ing the immigrants with passage money
will also be a thing of the past.
Joseph Marsden has written to the
planters' association representing Ital
ian laborers. He feels sure that all the
plantation help required may be en
listed among the peasant class of Italy.
There is something in the contracts
that have to be made with the Italians, '
however, that will make it impossible
to import them in numbers, it is re
quired by the Government at Rome
that, under certain circumstances, the
laborers are to be returned to Italy at
the expense of the Hawaiian planters.
A letter requesting further informa
tion concerning the Russian colony pre
posed for Hawaii has been sent for
•ward.
John T. Campbell has petitioned the
court for a writ of mandamus to issue
against F. B. McStocker, Collector
General of Customs, to compel the res
. + "Now, as to the canned roast +
•f beef, that was different from em- +
■f balmed beef. The canned roast +
♦ beef was the beef after the ex- +
■f tract had been boiled out of it. -f
i + You have seen the advertise- +
I + ments "Beef extract; one pound ♦
; + contains the substance of from +
! •♦■ four to five pounds of prime +
|-f beef.' Well, this is the beef after -f
! ♦ the extract has been taken from +
, ♦ it. They put this beef pulp up in -f
;-f cans and label it 'Canned Roast ♦
!-f Beef.' The soldiers report that -f
| + the canned beef was nauseating. +
♦ If swallowed it could not be kept ♦
•♦■ on the stomach." +
It was pointed out to General Miles
j that he had been quoted as having said
, that if the men who supplied the beef
would deposit a thousand dollars in
such a way that it could be made to pay
' the cost of the proceedings he would
furnish absolute proof of his asser
tions.
He was asked what tribunal he had
! in mind, or to whom he would furnish
this proof, and in reply said: "I made
that statement in response to the offer
of the beef men to pay $100,000 for evi
dence of the truth of my allegations
: against their product. I took their
i offer as a bluff and took that way of
: answering it. I have no tribunal in
; mind. I have the greatest abundance
of evidence to support the charges I
1 made and do not think that any part
I of the thousand dollars need be spent
Jn mere investigation."
General Miles has received a tele
; gram from Co-lonel A. A. Pope of Boston
i requesting General Miles to draw on
: him for $1000 to prove that chemicals
1 were used to embalm beef furnished
to soldiers, but this offer will not be
accepted for the reasons already given.
DANGER OF TROUBLE
IN SAMOA AVERTED
NEW YORK, Jan. 31. — A Washington special to the Herald says:
In reply to the representations of Embassador White, Germany has
assured the United States that she will investigate the conduct of
her representatives in Samoa, and should it be shown that they have
acted in violation of the treaty of Berlin she will recall them. By
this assurance Germany has removed the Samoan question from the
dangerous position it occupied.
The authorities had anticipated that Germany would decline to
accept responsibility by representations recently made by Embassa
dor Yon Holleben. the German representative here, who informed
Secretary Hay that he felt satisfied the German Consu; and Herr
Raffael had acted without authority from Berlin.
Sacretary Hay is quite willing to give Germany all the necessary
time to investigate, and it is expected that by this time she has
taken action. That there may be no doubt of the facts, and to pro
tect the American representatives, Commodore Kautz, who left San
Diego, California, on board the Philadelphia to-day, will make a thor
ough investigation and report the facts without delay.
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 31.— Shortly before 11 a. m. the flagship Phila
delphia sailed out of this harbor, headed for Samoa.
istry of the Star of Russia under the
Hawaiian flag. Petitioner claims the
right of registration under Hawaiian
laws; respondent denies having any
right to register vessels under the Ha
waiian flag since the country was for
mally annexed on August 12 last.
The United States gunboat Torktown
arrived on the 22d, ten days from San
Francisco. She will resume her voyage
to Manila to-morrow.
The United States transport Tacoma
left for Manila on the 21st with a cargo
of horses and mules. The animals left
here In good condition.
MONSTER COMBINE OF
WHISKY DISTILLERIES
Includes All Kentucky Concerns Pro
ducing the Bourbon
Article.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Jan. 31.— A1l bour
bon whisky distilleries in this State have
been at last brought under the control of
one central organization. The deal was
closed to-day in New York after months
of negotiation. The new combine or trust
Is capitalized at $32,000,000, of which $12,
--000,000 is preferred and $20,000,000 common
stock. The treasury will reserve $1,500,000
each of preferred and common stock and
cash to the amount of $1,000,000 to meet
immediate demands. The combination in
cludes sixty distilleries in various portions
of the State, with all outstanding bonds,
and acquires between 9,000,000 and 10,000,000
gallons of whisky now In bond.
All Cincinnati firms owning distilleries
in Kentucky have signified a willingness to
enter the combination. These include
Freiberg & AVorkum, Senior & Son Elias
Block & Son, James Levy & 8r0.,' Hoff
helmer Bros., the Peacock Distilling Com
pany and Lomaddux. Atllla Cox, presi
dent of the Columbia and Trust Company
of this city, will be at the head of the
concern.
The Melwood and Runnymede distil
leries, two of the largest, were the laßt
establishments to be taken Into the com
bine. The James E. Pepper distillery at
Lexington, Ky., is not yet In, but the
promoters are confident it will come into
the fold.
The first move of the trust will be to do
away with the present expensive methods
of disposing of the output and to that end
will form a central distributing agency
with headquarters in this city. All trav
eling representative now employed by
individual distillers will be called in, the
i best of them retained in the service of the
i combine and the others l«t go. The out
put will be restricted and prices, now said
to be ruinously low, advanced to a living
basis and kept there.
Funeral of Father Hynes.
WOODLAND, Jan. 31.— The latp Father
Hynes was buried here to-day. The
Church of the Holy Rosary was not large
enough to accommodate one-third of the
people who desired to attend the impres
sive ceremonies. Father Vaughn sang the
mass, and Bishop Grace pronounced the
blessing. Nearly all the clergy of the dio
cese were present.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1899.
FOUR PERSONS
FREEZE TO DEATH
Woman Dies in Her Own
Dooryard.
STILL PENETRATING COLD
IT ENTERS THE VERY BONES
OF THOSE EXPOSED.
This Is at St. Louis, While in Colo
rado a Blizzard Sweeps
Across the Mountain
Ranges.
Special Dispatoh to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 3L— Four deaths
from freezing occurred in this city to
day and one in East St. Louis. The
fatalities are:
GEORGE A. CLARK, aged 45, a
candy maker.
CHARLES FARLES, aged 30, la
borer.
MRS. MARY DANIELS.
AUGUST BENSON, aged 35, colored
laborer.
MRS. M. JENKINS, colored, East
St. Louis.
Mrs. Daniel slipped on the ice in her
dooryard and was stunned by the fall.
Half an hour later she was found al
most dead from exposure and died soon
after.
Farles and Benson were both con
sumptives and succumbed while
searching for work. Clark was over
come by the cold while going to his
place of employment. The day was
clear, but the cold was of the marrow
penetrating variety. At 10 o'clock to
night the thermometer registered one
degree above zero.
DENVER, Jan. 31.— Telegraphic ad
vices were received at the headquar
ters of the Colorado road to-day that
at Breckinridge it was still snowing
and blowing, with no indications of
cessation. Since January 26 there has
been a total snowfall of forty-five in
ches on top of a previous fall of six
feet. At Como it is snowing and blow
ing a perfect gale, drifting the light
dry snow very badly. The freight train
with provisions aboard is still on the
sidetrack at Wheeler. The crew has
worked its way to town, leaving only
an engine tender and guard.
The Colorado Midland is snowbound
from Arkansas Junction to Ivanhoe.
Trains were run from Leadville to
Newcastle over the Denver and Rio
Grande tracks. Advices from Ivanhoe
and Burk report the weather fine, and
a rotary plow is working hard to clear
the snow.
Trains on the Denver and Rio
Grande road have been delayed to
day, but the road is now clear.
Trains on the roads east of Denver
are running practically on time.
PORTER GOES
TO VISIT GOMEZ
Said to Carry Letters
From McKinley.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, Jan. 31.— Robert P. Por
ter, the representative of President Mc-
Kinley and SenorGor.zales Quesada.the
Cuban commissioner, who recently left
Washington on a special mission to
Cuba, started at 6 o'clock this morning
for Caibarien, province of Santa Clara,
in order to see General Maximo Gomez.
Mr. Porter's mission to General
Gomez is of a twofold character, to
discuss with him fully the position of
the Cuban army and to invite him to
Havana. The Washington administra
tion desires an immediate and friendly
settlement of the Cuban army ques
tion. As the military chiefs decisively
refuse to accept $3,000,000 in complete
satisfaction of the claims of the sol
diers, the Washington Government has
determined, it is understood, to offer a
much larger sum, even as high as $15.
--000,000, if less will not be accepted.
Whatever is agreed upon is to be a
charge upon the revenues of the island
until it is paid.
The Cubans, civilians and military,
are aware that an engagement of this
sort may prolong the American occu
pation, but as it seems to be their
earnest wish that the army be paid a
large sum, the administration at Wash
ington will yield, it is understood, and
open negotiations with this ultimate
object.
Mr. Porter is said to carry letters
from President McKinley ana Gover
nor General Brooke. The scope of hia
instructions is not disclosed, except
that it is known that he has rather full
preliminary powers. Senor Quesada
did not know them until he and Mr.
Porter were aboard ship.
STEAMSHIP ASHORE.
LEWES, Del., Jan. 31.— An unknown
steamer is ashore north of the Fenwlck
Island life-saving station, but the night is
so dark and thick that it is impossible to
learn her identity. It is thought that it la
a tramp steamer. She lies in an easy
position, well up on the beach. The north
bound patrolmen of the station late to
night saw the steamer's lights through
the driving snow. They signaled that
assistance would be sent and notified the
station. Keeper Long harnessed a strong
team of horses to the apparatus, and with
the life-saving crew made for the strand
ed ship as fast as the deep snow would
permit. At a late hour they had not re
turned. „ _
SAN JOSE BANK
CLOSES ITS DOORS
Union Savings Institu
tion Suspends.
MADE DISASTROUS LOANS
PRESIDENT SAYS DEPOSITORS
WILL NOT LOijE.
Collapse Caused by the Advancing of
Large Sums to a Fruit Ship
per Who Could Not
Repay.
Eperial Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. Sl.— The Union Savings
Bank of this city suspended business this
morning, and the Bank Commissioners
will arrive here to-morrow to assume
charge of the institution. The failure was
caused by the bank making advances to
E. B. Howard, a fruit shipper, amounting
to about $100,000, and from the fact that
it has been unable to realize upon the se
curities given.
The doors of the bank were opened as
usual this morning, but all checks were
refused and depositors turned away. News
of the failure spread rapidly, but no great
excitement was created. A small crowd
gathered at the place, but all expressed
confidence that the depositors would be
paid in full. There was no run on other
banks. At 3 o'clock it was announced
that the doors would remain closed un
til matters were straightened.
For over a year rumors have been in
circulation that the bank was shaky
and many deposits were withdrawn.
Lately it became publicly known that the
bank was carrying Howard along and"
this made people wary. During the past
few days acceptances in the shape of time
drafts deposited by Howard were re
turned protested. These amounted to
about $30,000. The Union Savings Bank
had to meet these and it took all Its
working capital. This morning, it is
said, there was less than $10,000 on hand.
H. Ward Wright, president and manager,
went to San Francisco to try to raise
some money yesterday afternoon, but was
unsuccessful. It was then decided to
close the bank.
T. R. Weaver, president of the Berry
essa Fruit Growers' Union, on Saturday
attached Howard for $2059 for fr>-' <*old
to him by the union. Before doing so
Weaver went to the T'nion Bank and
drew out $2900 belonging to tne Fruit
Growers' Union. This atachment con
vinced the bank that Howard's failure
was certain and would involve the insti
tution. Efforts to raise money were
futile and the only alternative was to
close.
The stockholders of the bank are all
rich men whose wealth aggregates $7,000,
--000. Among them are C. H. Hopkins, J.
O. Hirschfelder, E. Mandel and the De
Laveagas of San Francisco. The deposits
amount to about $780,000. The securities
are nearly ample to meet these. The San
Jose Building and Loan Association,
which has its office in the bank, has $8000
on deposit, but otherwise will not be af
fected.
This morning an absolute deed of the
bank premises on First and Mountain
streets to Myra E. Wright, wife of Wil
liam H. Wright, one of the stockholders,
was filed in the Recorder's office. The
deed was dated June 15, 1898. Revenue
stamps on it to show the consideration to
have been $60,000.
This afternoon a whole batch of assign
ments from the Union Savings Bank were
filed. These were mortgages that had
been transferred about two years ago.
The assignees and the amounts were:
Union Trust Company of San Francisco,
$4900; I. W. Hellman, president of the Ne
vada Bank, $22,500.
The Union Savings Bank was organized
ten years ago with a capital of $1,000,000,
of which $300,000 was paid up. The re
serve fund is given as $40,000. The officers
are: H. Ward Wright, president and man
ager; Henry Edwards, vice president; An
tone Friant, cashier; directors— N. Bow
den, A. Friant, W. H. Wright, H. W.
Wright. Thomas Johnson, E. A. Wheeler,
H. C. Morrill.
President Wright said this evening:
"The Union Savings Bank will reopen
within three months. The depositors will
be paid in full by assessing the stockhold
ers. The bank nas good securities. The
deed to. Myra E. Wright, filed to-day, was
for security for $60,000 borrowed last
summer. Thirty-five thousand dollars of
this loan has already been paid. The
bank's failure is due to carrying Howard
along. He became so deeply indebted to
us that we had to keep advancing him
money, and some of his securities in the
shape of drafts were not good. His in
debtedness of nearly $100,000 is probably
secured for two-thirds."
E. B. Howard, who succeeded Howard
& St. George, has done an extensive busi
ness in dried and green fruits. He prob
ably is indebted to orchardists for nearly
$100,000. The failure of the bank will force
him into insolvency.
In the last report of the Union Sav
ings Bank of San Jose to the State
Bank Commissioners as to its condition
on the morning of January 1, 1899, the
following data appears:
RESOURCES.
Bank premises s $ 95.000 00
Real estate taken for debt 64.935 04
United States bonds 2.893 03
Loans on real estate 345,481 00
Loans on personal security and over
drafts 653.412 49
Money on hand 27,253 17
Due from banks and bankers 26,491 07
Furniture and fixtures $ 5,700 On
Expenses 8,102 87
Taxes 3.744 39
Other assets, safe deposit — 2,770 00
20,247 26
Other assets 15,881 78
Total resources $1,151,594 84
LIABILITIES.
Capital paid In coin $ 300,000 00
Reserve fund 40,000 00
Profit and loss and contingent fund.. 4,820 75
Due depositors 791,075 81
Dividends unpaid 123 10
Rents $2,861 45
Coin and exchange 3,820 15
Safe deposit 70 00
Interest collected 8,658 58
■ 15,410 18
Certified checks 165 00
Total liabilities $1,151,594 84
The report of President H. W. Wright
showed the capital stock to be $1,000,000,
all subscribed, and $300,000 paid In on
the 10,000 shares issued. The board of
directors held shares as follows: E. A.
Wheeler, 47; H. W. Wright, 520; A. M.
Friant, 315; William H. Wright, 100; N
Bowden, 25; H. C. Morrell, 100; T. E.
Johnson, 100; total number of shares
held by directors, 1207.
MRS. WELLS WANTS MONET.
Demands Ten Thousand Dollars From
Her Husband.
CHICAGO, Jan. 31.— The marital troub
les of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas J. Wells are
yet far from being settled. Mrs. Wells
wired to-day to her attorney in San
Francisco to tie up $40,000, which is in the
Crocker-Woolworth Bank in that city to
her husband's credit. She demands $10- -
000, which, she says. Mr. Wells promised
her as a marriage portion, and says that
while she forgives him she will not live
with him unless her attorney so advises
her.
MUTINY IN THE CONGO.
Belgian Troops Reported to Have
Joined the Rebels.
BRUSSELS, Jan. 31.— The Independence
Beige says the most alarming reports
have been received from the Congo State
It is rumored that the troops of Major
Lothalre' (the Belgian commander on the
upper Congo) have Joined the rebels and
that he himself is wounded and a pris
oner. The Congo State authorities have
received no definite news.
BURIED
BENEATH
A GLACIER
Men, Women and Children
Meet With Fright=
ful Death.
A Great Mass of Ice Sweeps
Down Upon the Line of the
Canadian Pacific.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 31.— Nine
men employed In the shops and round
house of the Canadian Pacific Railway
at Rogers Pass, two women and two
children were buried to-day under a
mass of snow and ice, which, without
warning, swept down the mountain side
with such force that it carried every
thing before It.
Two of the men were taken out badly
bruised, but alive, late to-night. Their
seven companions are still unrecovered
and are no doubt dead.
These are known to have been in the
round-house:
AGENT CATON, wife and two chil
dren.
OPERATOR CARSON.
ENGINE WIPER REIDLEY.
The names of the others are not
given, but one of them was a woman.
A gang of fifty men, gathered to
gether as soon as possible after the
catastrophe, have been at work at
tempting to save the Imprisoned men,
and will work all night or as long as
they can stand it in the effort to se
cure the bodies of the victims of the
avalanche.
The slide, which Is one of the worst
ever experienced on the line of the
Canadian Pacific, has buried or car
ried away fully half a mile of track.
For hours all telegraphic communica
tion was cut off by the destruction of
telegraph lines. Linemen were imme
HOSTILE TO THE
SHIPPING BILL
Memorials From Two
San Franciscans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— Charles
Nelson, president of the Chamber of
Commerce of San Francisco, and Hugh
Craig, ex-president, sent to Senator
Perkins memorials in favor of amend
ing the Hanna shipping bill by insert
ing an amendment providing for an ex
port bounty on agricultural products.
The Senator is surprised that the
Chamber of Commerce should thus be
placed in the light of advocating en
amendment which would be regarded as
hostile to the bill. The Hanna measure
is designed to encourage exports of all
kinds— agricultural included— by put
ting the influence of the American flag
behind the goods and pushing them In
old markets and opening new ones for
them. It is based on the principle of
payments for the distance sailed and
efficiency of service, which is quite dif
ferent from that of an export bounty
on certain products. The two principles
could not be combined in the same bill
with any hope that it could then pass
and an insistence upon such an amend
ment would be, therefore, regarded as
an act of hostility to the bill itself.
The question of an export bounty on
agricultural products can be brought
properly before Congress only in a sep
arate bill, which would then find hearty
support. Boards of Trade, Chambers of
Commerce, Granges of Patrons of Hus
bandry and other organizations of pro
ducers throughout the State have sent
to Senator Perkins resolutions and me
morials praying for the passage of the
bill as it now stands, all producers
realizing the great benefits they would
derive from the general expansion or
commerce through the extension of old
and the opening of new markets.
The Senator is. therefore, surprised
that the Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco should be put in the light
of insisting upon action that will
Jeopardize the bill.
The minority report on the Hanna-
Payne shipping bill was filed in the
House of Representatives to-day. It
was prepared by Representative Handy
cf Delaware and is a severe and some
what personal arraignment of the
measure and those who would receive
bounties under it. The report says.
The bill is one that was prepared and
brought to Congress by a voluntary com
mittee of ship-owners and ship-builders
representing the gentlemen who will re
ceive the bounty which the bill proposes
to give from the public treasury. The
bill as it is reported to the House is in
almost the exact form and grants to a
penny the bounties demanded by the gen
tlemen who are to receive them. The bill
is therefore, naturally and entirely satis
factory to the "interests" which have or
ganized this movement to secure the vast
sums carried in the bIU as a gratuity to
be used in carrying on (their private busi
ness and enlarging the profits thereof.
The bill provides not simply for boun
ties, but for bounties which, once granted,
cannot be thereafter taken away. If this
bill be passed the contracts will be quick
ly made, and, once entered into, no future
Congress can in honor break them or re
fuse to make the necessary appropriations
to pay them. To do so would be like re
pudiating a national obligation.
The twenty-year bounties provided are
put into the bill in the language of so
many cents, but when the arithmetical
computation is made to find how big the
bounties "by cents" will prove to be when
the time comes to pay them, we find that
they must be figured in tens of millions of
dollars. By careful and conservative esti
mates we find that the Government would
be obliged by the contracts likely to be
entered Into during the first twelve
months under this bill to pay bounties
amounting to more than $165,000,000. and
this includes only the shipping now In
sight, and the shipping which must be
built will cost probably not less than
$400,000,000.
Of this enormous bounty the lion's
share will go to the International Navi
gation Company. This company will re
ceive in the aggregate more than $57,000,
--000. This strikes us as a monstrous ap
propriation. In this bill it is provided that
a man who builds a great, speedy ocean
steamer shall be paid bounties In twenty
dlntely put to work, however, and late
to-night a single wire was up and in
vorkir.g order, but so burdened witn
Canadian Pacific business that corre
spondents have had little opportunity
to send out details of the havoc wrought
by the moving glacier.
From fragmentary messages sand
wiched between train orders, it is
learned that the men engulfed were
spending the noon hour in the round
house when a great mass of ice, loosen
ed by the soft weather of the last day
or two, swept down the precipice, at the
foot of which the buildings are located,
and crushed them as though made of
cardboard. There were several en-
gines in the roundhouse and a num
ber of cars in the yards adjacent.
The force of the slide was made evi
dent when the rescue party, in its en
deavors to reach the men, found a lo
comotive twisted and crushed into a.
shapeless mass of scrap iron.
Had the slide occurred before or after
the dinner hour the loss of life would
ha%-e been appalling.
Several large slides have taken place
during the morning and early after
noon, causing considerable damage to
the sheds east of Glacier. Trains are
held at Glacier end Donald until fur
ther advices. The company expects to
gret the line cleared during Wednesday.
Superintendents Marpole, Duchesnay
and Wilson are on the spot and using
every effort.
It is reported that a train ran into
the slide and was wrecked, but this
cannot be confirmed.
years amounting to twice the whole cost
of the boat.
It must be conceded that bounties are
repugnant to the spirit of our free insti
tutions, under which all citizens should
have equal rights and no special privi
leges should be granted. It is impossible
to give bounty to everybody and to all
forms of industry and it is manifestly
unequal and unjust to tax the farmers,
carpenters, blacksmiths, masons, mer
chants, railroad men, miners and woods
men of the country to pay a bounty to
ship-owners for every mile they sail upon
the sea. To build once more a great mer
chant marine should be one of the patri
otic ambitions of American statesman
ship. It can be done by taking off the
shackles and giving American enterprise,
American industry and American seaman
ship an equal chance. Everything needed
in building and equipping a ship should be
admitted free of customs duty. Ship sup
plies should also be on the free list.
Every American citizen should be free to
buy ships to use in the foreign carrying
trade wherever he can find them cheap
est and best. Tonnage taxes should be
abolished.
In conclusion the report says:
This bill is the offspring of mere bounty
beggars and should be repudiated by rep
resentatives of both political parties. It
is vicious in principle. It is not .necessary
for the rehabilitation of our merchant
marine to give hundreds of millions of
people's tax money. The bill is wholly
unjustifiable.
Mr. Fitzgerald did not concur in this
report.
HONOLULU GIRL'S
PLUNGE TO DEATH
HONOLULU, Jan. 24. — A young Ha
waiian girl named Kahea committed sui
cide on the 21st inst. by throwing herself
from the third story of the Kamehameha
School building. Relatives claim that the
girl's mind was affected by over study.
Last Saturday, accompanied by her sis
ter Violet, she went to the school to take
away her clothing, books, etc. In her
room while packing up were Miss Wond
ard and Miss Ahia, the latter a cousin.
Suddenly Miss Kahea uttered a scream
as if about to faint and asked Miss Ahea
to call her sister. At the same time she
ran toward the open window and went
over. Miss Ahia grasDed frantically after
her and caueht her dr^ss. The garment
tore loose, however, the weight of the
young woman being upon it, and the sui
cide plunged to her fearful death to the
ground forty or more feet below.
McLeod Wins From Hali Adali.
ST. PAUL, Jan. 31.— Danny McLe^od,
champion catch-as-catch-can wrestler of
America, won his match to-night with
Hali Adali, the gigantic Turkish wrestler,
and gave him sixty minutes of as hot
wrestling as has ever been seen. The
match was before the St. Paul Athletic
Club, the conditions being that Adali
should throw McLeod twice in an hour or
forfeit $1000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Disooven a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a homo
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness, resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss or
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where It is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success
in all cases. A request to the State Med-
ical Institute. 193 First National Bank
building. Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
Is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it Is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The In-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nervous Dyspepsia
To Gain Flesh, to Sleep Well, to
Know What Appetite and Good
Digestion Mean.
MAKE A TEST OP STUART'S DYS-
PEPSIA TABLETS.
No trouble Is more common or more misun-
derstood than nervous dyspepsia: People hav-
ing it think their nerves are to blame and are
surprised that they are not cured by nerve
medicinee. The real seat of the mischief Is
lost sight of. .The stomach Is the organ to be
looked after.
Nervous dyspeptics often do not have any
pain whatever in the stomach, nor perhapa
any of the usual symptoms of stomach weak-
: ness. Nervous dyspepsia 6hows itself not in
the stomach so much as in nearly every or-
gan. In some cases the heart palpitates and is
irregular; in others the kidneys* are affected;
in others the bowels are constipated, with
headaches; still others are troubled with lou
PROF. HENRY W. BECKER. A. M.
of flesh and appetite with accumulation* ot
gas, sour risings and heartburn.
It Is safe to say that Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets will cure any stomach weakness or dls-
ease except cancer <M the stomach. They cure
sour stomach, gas, loss of flesh and appetite,
sleeplessness, palpitation, heartburn, constipa-
tion and headache.
■ Send for valuable little book on stomach dis-
eases by adclreseing F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall,
Mich. All druggists sell full-sized packages at
60 cents. Prof. Henry W. Becker, A. M., th«
well known religious worker and writer of St.
Louis.
Secretary of the Mission Board of the Ger-
man Methodist Church. Chief Clerk and Ex-
pert Accountant for the Harbor and Wharf
Commission. • Public Secretary for the St.
Louis School Patrons' Association, and the
District Conference of Stewards of the M. E.
Church: also takes an active part In the work
of the' Epworth League, and to write on relleT-
ious and educational topics for several mag-
azines. How he found relief Is best told in his
own words:
"Some weeks ago my brother heard me sajr
something about indigestion, and taking a box
from his pocket said, "Try Stuart's Tablets.'
I did, and was promptly relieved. Then I in-
vestigated the nature of the tablets and be-
came satisfied that they were mode of Junt
the right things and in Just the right propor-
tions to aid in the assimilation of food, I
heartily endorse them in all respects, and I
keep them constantly on hand."
CCGQGGeOOQCGQOaCQeOOOO
S THE LYON AND I
: BEALY COLLECTION I
; s ••••<"-•••• s
: FINE old:
VIOLINS
; £ Will Be on Exhibition and Sale at the 5
■ « PALACE HOTEL g
• S —FROM— 5
i • February 3d to 13th, 1899. O
2 MR. JAY C. FREEMAN in charge. J
© The attendance of everyone Interested 0
| a in a violin is cordially invited. g*
: 0 A very unusual ' opportunity Is here A
i gk offered to select a fine Instrument at 2
5f the lowest Chicago and London prices. 3
g\ Time payments may be arranged. 2
2J Some. beautiful specimens for students' J
w use will be shown. O
Doctor
' jSgf *s^^9\ Specialists for Men
V %l 9 ■ oaring weakn«s* and con-
\V WSk. r traetcd atlmenU aince 1881.
1 V 3 VNrr. Aft/^j They bare the larnst and
i^WiwKY^-^no'trtll'shooldVritetora*.
"Zzt lltvV L_y^Su^^ »;ce aad private l»x)k—
• ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. _ Illj I"RKE.
Tnonsuids cured at hornet
All letter* confidential. No Charge for Consultation.
' 73! SAX I'BAXUSCO I Elevat-r Entraoc^
i .
POUeheater's KocUah DUnaad Braa«. •
ENNYROYAL PILLS
— —^ ' Original and Only 6eanlne. A
m ifWZS. «»'K. always reliable, ladies atk M\
< J*jl\ V'iW Druf riit toT'Ckicheittr'i JtngUik D.a-£jX\
> B**iSß&sg3\m<>nd B'i:d In Kcd anil Gold metalllc^M?
T-v seaUd with b'.ue ribboa. Take Vir
ffl *^¥iV}no other. Rcfuit dangrrtniM mlftifu- V
I"/ ~ fWtiom and imitations. At DragjUis,ert«4€«.
1 ■ I Cs» tlf '■ stamps for particulars, leitimooiali aa<
\ SO* B " BeUef Tor Lad tea." "> Utur, »r ret arm
: aJk /r MaiL 10,000 TVitisooials. JTosm Pmptr.
I - v — — rOkt" I >eJterChe»le UCo..MadUo«Bq«ar%
■ali kj all Local Urasilsts. FJiTL \Ux^ V*
SlcSSi VITALIS
THE NEW
WDar. SOU<X»x » 7* l^ TM CDCE9PM
t3TOr iothD.j. •i»«>«L, ( Tt sTnCSlbllll
VITALIS 2Oihßsy • *1 '■ DCIICnV
PRODVCKB THI IBOTB JOth Day. It bffl C II 111
■ISILT9. It qukkly surely remoT«»NenrousneM, Impotener,
Hi«hUy Emiuions, ly : ,\ DTeams Waatln» Dltrases and all tffecU
self-abase or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Yttalitr,
Power and Falling Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
tion. Cures when all others fail. Insist en Juiriii* VITAI.IB.
no other. Can be carried in the Test pocket. By nail $1 00
per nackafe or six for sJS.OO wilh a roarsntee to C»re or
Befniia the Mraej. CLrenlar Free. Address
»JALCMET CUKE CO., 884 Dearborn St., CUeaf*
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
I DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I B LOOP, LIVER. LUNGS.
dr;Mcnulty:
ri^HIS wAI-kxowiN AND RELIABMSOLD
X. Hpeci»list curr.3 Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases Oi Men only. . -Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Slen.free. Over 20 y'rs 1 experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3daiiy;6.3o ev'gs. Sundarn, lOtoi:. Consul-
tation freeand sacredly confidential. or address
P. ROSCOE McXULTY, *.9I.D.
26^ Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodislne and ; cpeclfla tor.io
for the • sexual ■ and - urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of tha
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invlgora'tor and -Nervine. Sells °on 1U own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary,
i NABER, ALFS tt BRUNE. AgenU,
*U Market street, . S. F.— <Send for Circular.)
56
DNESDAY ; . FEBRUARY i, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. s
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. .....Market and Third Sts-. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS.. .217 to 221 Stevenson Str«et
Telephone Main 1874.;. -Y- ;. "„.:•
PELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Sirgle Copies. . 5 centi •
Terms by Mall. Including: Postage:
PAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year f6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
PAILT CALL (Including: Sunday Call). 3 months 1.50
6UNDAY CALL, one year 1-5O
WEEKLY CALL, one year , 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlfcfe* House-
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE M«rqnette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, ODen until
8:30 o'clocK. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 LdrKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK- 2291 Market
Ureet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
P Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Elevantlj
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second cna
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUbhMtNTi,
Columbia— "The Idol's Eye."
California— "Why Smith Left Home."
Alcazar— "Peaceful Valley."
Tholi— "La Perichole."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Chutes and Zoo— Pianka. the "Lady of Lions."
Olympia — Coiner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties,
Centra! Park— The Steeplechase.
Oakland Race Track— Races To-day.
Metropolitan Temple— Piano Recital Monday erenln*. Feb-
ruary 8.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. rsuttprflWd-Thls day. at 11 o'clock. Furniture
at }'nst stn-et, near Mason.
SUSTAIN Tr^E SCHOOL BOORD.
rROM the way in which the new Board of Edu
cation has begun the work of retrenchment and
reform good auguries can be drawn for the fu
ture. The board has started well and is making an
earnest effort to reduce expenses in spite of an ag
gressive opposition from those who have profited by
the extravagance of former boards.
It was inevitable that this opposition and antagon
ism should confront the board in its efforts at re
form. There is no kind of abuse of public trust that
4oes not benefit somebody. Wherever there is
waste there are people who profit by it. Extravagant
and dishonest officials place upon the payrolls of the
city a far larger number of employes than are needed
for the service; they purchase supplies that are not
•' required, and pay tor them prices above the market
rates. In that way there is formed a considerable
company of persons _ to whom municipal extrava
■ gance is a valuable t>oon.
When a reforming administration comes in and
sets about reducing expenses to an economical basis
. all the crowd that have drawn incomes from the
abuses find themselves shut out from their former
profitable business, and then a storm breaks forth.
These people gather their friends around them and
rai.-c a howl to heaven. They circulate petitions
nmong good-natured citizens, who will sign without
reading it almost anything except a check, and pro
ceed to work up something that looks like popular
indignation against the administration that has turned
them down.
When such attacks are made upon officials who are
honestly trying to protect the public interests it is
the duty of all pood citizens to stand by them and to
speak out in their behalf. That duty, however, is
but rarely performed. When an official does wrong
all are prompt to denounce him, but when he does
light he is generally left to fight his battle alone
"against the host that has been fattening on the spoils
■ of municipal patronage. Not infrequently the very
persons who have been most clamorous for reform
turn in hostility upon the men who undertake it and
rage as fiercely as the spoilsmen themselves.
Much of that sort of injustice is now being done
toward the Board of Education in its earnest begin
ning at an economical administration of the school
fund. Instead of making use of the office as a means
of distributing patronage the new members of the
board have set about the task of placing the schools
upon a strictly business basis. The work is one
which the public has long desired, which the people
have frequently demanded — one to the performance
Hi which every political party has pledged its candi
dates in each successive campaign. Why, then,
should the citizens and taxpayers stand silent when
the spoilsmen array themselves and attack the offi
cials whose only offending is that they are keeping
their pledges and acting with fidelity toward the
. people?
The Republican party of San Francisco has a just
reason to be proud of the record which its represen
tatives on the Board of Education are making. The
; Republican board is a striking contrast to the Demo
cratic board that preceded it. The party will be
strengthened in future municipal elections by the
faithful work- now being done by these stalwart sup
porters of economy and honesty in their administra
tion of the schools. For Republicans, therefore, as
well as for independent citizens of all parties, the
duty of the hour is to sustain the board.
After Judge Hebbard had denied divorce to a
young wife the mother of the plaintiff sought out her
son-in-law and smashed him on the jaw. Possibly
this will afford opportunity for a reopening of the
case. Certainly a man with a mother-in-law of that
style could win the sympathy of the court if he were
to try.
While the human race is not lacking in sympathy,
it has difficulty in mustering up any of it for a man
who answers the advertisement of a mairiage bureau
and gets put on exhibition as a sucker.
Assemblyman Burnett may not be trained in the
.trick of oratory, but there is no doubt that he recog
nizes a square deal when he sees it, and thinks it a
pretty good thing. #
There is beginning to be a suspicion that Dan over
trained a little for his contest, and with the handi
cap of his record he is not making much progress.
Perhaps Tom Williams is at Sacramento for the
purpose of promoting legislation for the discourage
ment of horse-racing.
Tf Gomez has really demanded $60,000,000, his
chances of not getting it are good enough to bet on.
Wright's vote as a member will be exactly as valu
able as it was as Speaker.
REPUBLICANS SHOULD REFLECT.
THE CALL is battling for the integrity and the
future of Republicanism in California.
It is not a far cry backward to the beginning
of the last campaign, nor forward to the opening of
the next. Looking backward, every man in the party
recalls the fear of defeat that hung over the opening
days of the last fight. The fusion of all opposing
elements presented an imposing front and a most
powerful and threatening line of battle. When the
shock of conflict came, The Call did its full Repub
lican duty and rallied to the party ticket all of the
elements in the State which look to its welfare, prog
ress and purity of reputation. We did not then pre
tend, nor do we now make claim, that honor and
honesty are the peculiar characteristics of all Re
publicans, and that their opposites are to be found
only in the opposition. But we did and do claim
that upon the public issues presented the Republican
party represented the average aspirations and prin
ciples of the best citizenship, and therefore the party
won. It triumphed because the best citizenship felt
that it would not need to be as closely watched and
tended in power, to keep it in line with those aspira
tions, as the fusion party would require.
We here record our deep and lasting protest
against the claim that the party owed its success to
the designs and devices of any boss or bosses. That
such were around, watching the chances of the battle,
we do not deny. They were followers of both camps,
but our fight gained no vote by their presence or
their practices. It was won because the people were
with us, and to them The Call addressed itself in
ceaseless urging, as it addresses itself now.
When bad faith, corruption and immorality ap
peared at Sacramento, regardless of the effect upon
itself this paper took means to purge the party of
evil, and those means have prevailed, against more
opposition than we like to see. We are unable to
conceive how any party can expect to gain strength
by sheltering and protecting the classes against which
we have been doing battle. Does not every Repub
lican know that his party raises itself in public esti
mation by running them out of it?
Do Wright and his defenders represent California
Republicanism? If so, God help the party, for man
won't, and it can depend only on that divine mercy
which is extended to sinners.
In the Legislature a few men fret and fume and call
names and utter strange cries about us. They for
get that they are in a representative position, that
they are not there to feed their greeds or grudges or
use a position of public authority to carry out their
personal aims. They are there to so uprightly dis
charge their high public duties as to honor
the party that passed those duties to them. Can any
of these say with his conscience that he is doing this
in supporting unfit men for the Senate, in defending
the discredited and dismounted Speaker, or in doing
any of the nasty things which occupy them, to the
exclusion of the things required by the people and
honorable to the State?
We would have much preferred to have been spared
the doing of what has been necessary to expose and
punish the chief betrayer of his public trust. It is the
first case in "American politics where a party news
paper has been instrumental in elevating a man to a
legislative Speakership, believing in his honor, and
in a fortnight has been instrumental in deposing him
from his office upon knowledge of his dishonor. It
was no pleasure for us to make this public admission
that we had been deceived, that our confidence had
been betrayed, but it was a duty to arrest his career
of betrayal that he be disarmed of the power of
treachery to ot?hers.
If another paper had assumed this duty and had
discharged it as well, it would not have waited a mo
ment for the backing and approval of The Call, as
we are sure we have not lacked the support of all
right-thinking citizens of all parties.
We plead again with this Republican Legislature
to obey its highest sense of duty, and to all officers
chosen by the party to stand for the best service and
with the best aspirations of the people, and the favor
of California will not cease nor its shining face be
averted from the party of Lincoln and McKinley.
THE STOTE NOT RESIGNED.
THE resignation of the Speakership by Howard
E. Wright will not be followed by the resigna
tion of the people. They will believe that the
proceeding was a trick of Dan Burns, and they will
be quite correct. The revelations of the investigation
were bad enough on the surface, but they were worse
as they pointed to the deeper infamies, of which
there was moral but not legal proof. Dan Burns
had posed as a philanthropist who, for the benefit of
Assemblyman Merrill's friend, had bought railway
tickets from the law department of the railroad and
paid for them on the street. The ex-Speaker had
also secured transportation by the same eccentrical
method. With his soul transfixed by sharp-pointed
and jostling pledges, he had temporarily deceived
The Call by a vulgar lie. But the support of Dan
Burns and his friends had also been secured, ,pre
sumptively, by the promise that he would lie to every
one else, but not to Dan Burns. And this pledge,
which swallowed up all his other pledges, was ac
tually redeemed.
The report was as guarded as the finding of a
court, which usually expresses just enough to sus
tain the decision, but often implies a great deal more.
In the present instance, the implications were damn
ing to Dan Burns, and the situation for him was de
cidedly embarrassing. The problem before him was
how to appease the Legislature and the public, and
yet padlock Wright's tongue and hold his vote. This
was done by a coup de theatre. The shell, which was
the Speakership, was sacrificed in order that the ker
nel, which is Wright, might be preserved. After a
deadlock of weeks it was easy to speculate upon the
inclination of the other candidates, especially Grant,
and their legislative adherents, to seize any oppor
tunity to avoid the disturbance- that just punishment
by a popular body usually causes. The temporary
end crowned the work. Wright, as an innocent
bribe-taker and pledge-breaker, abandoned by some
cf his fellows, who were wondrously unkind, yielded
up the ghost as Speaker and came down to the floor,
where he was retained by a vote, unaccountable
upon principle, but politically comprehensible for rea
sons already mentioned and to prevent dynamitical
intrusions into Senatorial combinations. The argu
ment of Mr. Dibble to the effect that he who was
without sin should cast the first st6ne, and that the
Speaker had been sufficiently punished, was a re
flection upon his fellow-members that was probably
unintended. It sounded like the terse appeal of a
man charged with crime, by which he supplemented
the efforts of his counsel when he said to the jury,
"You know how it is yourselves." Wright can be
more serviceable now behind the shield of the muni
cipal Achilles. As Speaker he was handicapped. As
a floor manager he will be more in his element, and
his chicaneries overspread by a deeper shadow.
This trick may tend to load up Grant as the scape
goat and to array Wright in the toggery of a Pavian
hero who has lost all but his seat and his honor to
Daniel Burns? It may avert further disclosures and
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1899.
possibly deeper investigation. But it will not adorn
the shirt of Nessus with the toga of a Senator. The
people are not resigned. The candidates who have
clean skins and decent friends have not surrendered.
j The legislators have not recast their divergent judg
ments and flocked to the camps where votes may
I command from sixteen hundred and fifty to six
thousand dollars apiece. They have not yet been
wheedled or bullied into the elevation of lawless com
petition and ignorance to the seat where greatness
may represent a nation, but where even mediocrity
is the voice of a State. Still, for all concerned there
is a future, although it is growing short.
In the bright light of the Union California ob
serves and waits. To Burns and Grant she excTaims,
"A plague on both your houses." Of the Legislature,
with kindling eyes and in ominous tones, she re
iterates her demand for a Republican, a statesman
and a gentleman.
IN the case of Ball vs. Putnam et al., appealed from
the Yolo County Superior Court over a year ago,
the Supreme Court the other day handed down a
decision which possesses more than ordinary interest
at the present time.' Indeed, it is especially applic
able to a condition which often prevails at Sacra
mento, involving, as it does, the corruption of an en
tire Legislature by an entire community.
In 1889 the people of Willows, Colusa County, con
ceived the idea that they could attain to the dignity
of a metropolis by dividing their county and creating
the county of Glenn. A bill was introduced into the
Legislature with that end in view, and subscriptions
were taken up at Willows for the purpose of paying
what was denominated the "legitimate expense" of
passing the measure. A committee was appointed,
of which J. C. Ball was made chairman, and the fund
raised was placed in his hands.
On arriving at Sacramento Ball found that one
Christopher A. Buckley had control of the Legisla
ture, and after various negotiations he agreed to pay
that famous manipulator $15,000 if he would interest
himself in the Glenn County bill. Buckley did in
terest himself in the bill and it passed both branches
of the Legislature. In the Senate a motion to re
consider was made, and .while this motion was pend
ing Buckley informed Judge Ball that $6000 more
would be required to defeat it.
The additional money was raised by negotiating a
promissory note signed by J. E. Putnam, K. E. Kel
ley, F. G. Crawford, August Henning, W. H. Kel
ley and Joseph Muller, all of whom were residents of
Willows and interested in the passage of the divi
sion bill. It was represented to these men that the
$6000 would be contributed by the Willows bank
and that putting their names to a negotiable note
meant merely an accommodation. In this way the
money was raised and paid to Buckley. Subsequently
the makers of the note refused to pay it, and Ball
began suit to recover.
This action was tried in the Superior Court of
Yolo County, whence it had been transferred by stip
ulation, and in which Ball obtained judgment for the
full amount. In his testimony at the trial Judge Ball
explained the financial part of the transaction as
follows:
My memorandum shows that I got at the Cali
fornia State Bank on March 7, $14,500, which was
paid over the counter and put in carpet sacks. Our
draft for $6000 was drawn there in the bank and
handed to the bank before the money was paid out.
It was for $6000 and $7500 was drawn on what was
known as the Glenn note and $1000 was furnished
by K. E. Kelley. I was present when the money
was paid over. The memorandum I have shows that
there was paid to Buckley $14,550, paid back to K.
E. Kelley $250 and a balance of $100. My recollection
is that all the money I got from the bank in the
morning was paid over to Buckley. I went along
with the parties that took the money from the bank
—Mr. Crawford, Mr. Hill, Buck Kelley and myself—
and interested myself in seeing it paid over to the
party. That was part of my business to see that the
proper amount was paid over on whatever was yet
unpaid on the contract that was made by Mr. Kel
ley. Mr. Buckley received what he claimed to be
due, but what statement he made I have no recel
lection of. I had heard that there was an obligation
to be met but the exact amount I did not know. I
went there to see that he did not get more than
was due him. I did not have anything to do with
placing the money in the carpet sacks. I may have
carried one of the sacks part of the time. I did'tiot
carry both of them at any time. I have a distinct
recollection that Buckley's men did the counting.
Buckley handled It. I think he counted it. Buckley
is blind, but he can feel money. I know that he
became satisfied when he felt it that the amount
he claimed was paid to him. I think Steppacher or
Rudolph was there. When the money was paid
Steppacher, Rudolph, Buckley himself and Mrs.
Buckley were present, and there was Crawford, Jim
Hill, Buck Kelley, and there may have been others
that I have now forgotten.
This testimony is contained in the transcript on
appeal, and when the Supreme Court came to con
sider the case it of course perused it. The judgment
of the Yolo County Superior Court was reversed on
a technicality, but the Supreme Court took occasion
to say that the contract upon which the promissory
note to Ball was made was evidently against public
policy, good morals, or the express mandate of the
law, and as such that it could not be made the basis
of any action, legal or equitable; moreover, the
court added that neither silence nor the consent of
the parties justified the court in retaining jurisdiction
of such an action.
Probably this reversal will settle the litigation for
ever, but the case is interesting at this time because it
throws a side light upon the way in which some leg
islation is procured at Sacramento. Here an entire
community conspired to corrupt a Legislature, and
in doing it their authorized committee openly and
in the presence of a large number of persons paid
$15,000 to a political boss for his influence in passing
a bill. The interesting question is, how much did
Buckley pay the Senators and Assemblymen for their
votes? Another interesting question is how often
has this process been repeated, and is it being re
peated at Sacramento at the present time?
According to Expert Yale, California has many
as rich mines as the one in which a wonderful strike
of gold has been made in Colorado. This is good
news, and confirmation of it through mint returns
will be welcome.
Works and Johnson seem to lack the sense of
humor so utterly a^ not to be able to discern any
fun in the situation they have devised for themselves,
and they even begrudge the fun the artists are having.
Dibble's allusion to the attitude of Christ toward
the Pharisees, was most irreverent and unseemly. An
orator should have some regard for his environment.
Among other things, the Board of Education has
won the disapproval of the Post. While this is not
much, still in a small way it is a triumph.
The Senate has elected about two score clerks
since the passage of the Cutter bill, which is probably
at least four times more than needed.
Matters at Sacramento are* rather quiet, since a
week has passed without any statesman having spat
in the eye of another.
c RECORD OF BRIBERY.
HEALTH BOARD
MAKES MANY
REDUCTIONS
Salaries and Expenses
Curtailed.
HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS SAVED
EFFECTIVENESS OF THE DE
PARTMENT IMPAIRED.
Nine Employes Dismissed From the
Service and Sweeping Reduc
tions Made Wherever
Possible.
The Board of Health has followed the
example of the Board of Education and
has revolutionized the department over
which it presides. At a special meeting
yesterday five food inspectors were dis
missed, together with the cigar factory
inspector, bath and laundry inspector, as
sistant vaccinating officer and assistant
to the bacteriologist.
This, with the reduction of the allow
ances for incidental expenses of the at
taches of the department and reduction,
in wages of others, will result in a sav
ing of $835 per month. Without reducing
the effectiveness of the officers who con
serve the health of the city it will per
mit of the present board retiring from of
fice without the deficit which has in
variably marked each change of adminis
tration.
An executive session of the board was
held at 11 o'clock, at which the proposed
changes recommended by the Finance
Committee were dismissed. An hour later
an open meeting was held. The report of
the Finance Committee, which consists of
Dr. R. W. Baum and Dr. J. W. William
son, was read as follows:
In accordance with instructions Issued at
the last meeting of the board directing the
Finance Committee to take steps necessary
to expunge the deficit at present existing
in the funds of the department, the com
mittee herewith submits for your approval
the following proposition:
First— Reduction In transportation account
as follows: Chief Food Inspector Dockery,
allowed $55, should be reduced to $25; Chief
Plumbing Inspector Sullivan, allowed $30,
should be reduced to $25; Chief Market In
spector Ben Davis, allowed $30, should be
reduced to $25; Veterinary Surgeon I. W.
O'Rourke, allowed $25 per month, should be
reduced to $20 per month; Police Officer
Butterworth, reduced from $30 to $25.
Second — Reduction in number of assistant
food Inspectors: Five inspectors, each re
ctlvlng a salary of $75 per month, should
be dropped from the pay roll of the depart
ment.
Third — The following: reductions in salaries
of employes at Park Emergency Hospital:
Two drivers, each receiving $75 per month,
ehould be reduced to $60; two matrons, each
receiving $60 per month, should be reduced
to $50. This will effect a saving of $50 per
month In the Park Hospital alone.
Fourth — The salary of Veterinary Surgeon
I. W. O'Rourke should be reduced from $150
to $100 per month.
Fifth— The salary of Bacteriologist Pr.
John Spencer should be reduced from $150
to $100 per month.
Sixth — The position of assistant vaccinat
ing officer should be abolished; amount
saved, $50.
Seventh— The position of bath and laundry
Inspector, salary $75, be abolished.
Eighth — The position of cigar factory In
spector, salary $75, be abolished.
Ninth— the salaries of two assistant plumb-
Ing inspectors, receiving $100 per month, be
reduced to $75.
Tenth— The salaries of the two Inspectors of
garbage transportation:, at $100, be reduced
to $73.
Eleventh— The position of assistant to the
bacteriologist, salary $35 per month, be
abolished.
The report was accepted, and in keeping
with its recommendation the following
men were dismissed from the department:
Food Inspectors W. Hrennan, IT
O'Donnell, W. McHugh, P. A. Cadogan J.
J. Sullivan.
Cigar Factory Inspector R. B. Porter.
Bath and Laundry Inspector P. Lydon.
Assistant Vaccinating Officer Dr.
Phipps.
Assistant to Bacteriologist Andre Des
soulavy.
Two appointments wore announced— J.
Cabal was made garbage inspector, vice
Frank Corbett, resigned; John Thomas
was appointed assistant food inspector.
Salaries were fixed at $75 per month.
The bill of C. H. Taylor, a special nurse
at the Pesthouse, for $150 salary and $33 35
clothes destroyed, was allowed. It was
determined that hereafter no allowance
will be made for clothes destroyed.
The changes in the department take
effect to-day.
PUNISHED AS
HE DESERVED
LOCKWOOD DISTRICT. Jan. 30, 1899.
An article appeared in The Call of
Saturday, the 2Sth inst., in reference to
the principal of the Lockwood School
punishing a child. The only truth in the
article was that he punished the child
deservedly and not unduly. He simply
performed his duty in preserving the or
der of the school, as the facts will show
when his trial comes off. They need only
to be known to completely exonerate him.
G. W. HAZELTON,
J. TYRREL,
C. H. SILVA,
Trustees Lockwood District.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE OLD HOMESTEAD-Subscrlber,
Victoria, B. C. Denman Thompson ap
peared in the "Old Homestead in San
Francisco.
THE CITY OF CHESTER— M.. City.
The teamer City of Chester sank in the
bay of San Francisco as a result of a
collision with the steamer Oceanica, on
the 22d of August, 1888.
A MISDEALr-H. E. D. Oakland, Cal.
In playing seven-up, if both players have
an equal number of points and in the next
deal the dealer, after turning trumps,
discovers that he has made a misdeal, he
loses the deal and the other player deals.
THE DOME OF ST. PETER'S— X. C,
City.— Michelangelo was the architect of
the dome of St. Peter's, Rome. It was he
who gave it its magnificent dimensions
and beautiful profile and arranged the
Bpacinga of the pilasters as they appear
to-day.
THE CALIFORNIA LECTURER-J. T.
W., City. Up to the beginning of the
current week Miss Helen Kelleheri the
California lecturer, had delivered lectures
on California in Chicago, 111.; Kenosha,
Wis.; Milwaukee, Wis.; Waukegan, Wis.;
Appleton, Wis.; Oshkosh, Wis.; St. Paul,
Minn.; Winona, Minn.; Oak Park, 111.;
Cleveland, Ohio; Grand Rapids, Mich.;
Peorla, 111.; Streator, 111.; Lincoln, 111.;
Bloomlngton, 111.; Lafayette, Ind. ; Kala
mazoo, Mich.; Springfield, 111., and Co
lumbus, Ohio. Her itinerary then included
the following named cities: Albion, Mich.;
Sandusky, Ohio; Dayton, Ohio; Lockport,
N. V. ; Albany N. V.; Rochester, N. V. ;
Syracuse, N. V.; Utica, N. V. ; Buffalo
N. V.; Schenectady, N. V. ; Pough
keepsie, N. V.; Yonkers, N. V. ; Mount
Vernon, N. V. ; Troy, N. V. ; New York
city; Brooklyn, N. V. ; Providence, R. I.-
Philadelphia, Pa.; Baltimore, Md. ; Wash
ington, D. C; Plttsburg, Pa.; Beaver, Pa.-
Wheeling, W. Va.; Louisville, Ky. ; Kan
sas City, Mo.; Topeka, Kans.; Denver,
Colo. In many of the larger cities she
has already delivered several lectures,
and will give two or more in other cities
she is to visit, making in all about 100
lectures during December, January, Feb
ruary and March. These lectures are de
livered under the auspices of the Southern
Pacific Company, the State Board of
Trade, the Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association and the Los Angeles Chamber
of Commerce.
IN THICK FOG
THE NOYO RAN
AT FULL SPEED
Her Captain Suspend
ed for One Year.
HE HAD NO DEVIATION CARD
NEGLECTED TO CAST THE LEAD
OR TO VERIFY COMPASS.
Although Warned That the Surf
Could Be Heard Ahead He
Nevertheless Drove Upon.
the Reef.
Captain William F. Daniels, late of
the coasting steamer Noyo, will for the
next year to come take his bearings and
lay out his course on dry land, and the
briny deep will know him no more save
as a passenger or a swimmer.
United States Local Inspectors Bolles
and Bulger yesterday published their
findings 'accusing him of being respon
sible for the wreck of the Noyo by rea
son of gross negligence.
The steamer, with twenty-seven pas
sengers and a cargo of lumber, went
ashore on January 17 on Duxbury Reef,
about nine miles from the northwest
entrance of San Francisco Bay. She
was damaged to the extent of $4000 and
her passengers and crew were saved
in the. lifeboats and were transferred
to the steamer Henrietta,
Just before the Noyo was run upon
the reef the report states that she was
running at full speed in a thick fog
and her whistles were sounding at reg
ular intervals. At 4 o'clock in the
morning the second mate informed the
chief mate that he heard the roaring
of the surf. The chief mate called up
the captain, and the captain said the
mate must be mistaken, that they could
not be that close to the shore according
to the course they were steering. In
spite of the doubt the captain allowed
the steamer to go ahead at full speed
through the fog, nor did he change her
course, or take soundings. At 4:50 a.
m. the steamer ran upon the reef and
was saved from sinking only by the
buoyancy of the lumber with which she
was loaded.
Captain Daniels was convicted on his
own testimony principally. He swore
that there was no deviation card on
board the Noyo and that he had never
"swung" the vessel to get the deviation
of the compass. On the previous trip
he had ascertained the deviation on
south by east, south-southeast and
southeast-by-south courses, but he
could not be sure that they were cor
rect as there was quite a swell on at
the time. He had never got the devia
tion by courses east of southeast by
south.
The report goes on to say that the
inspectors are of the opinion that Cap
tain Daniels was negligent and unskill
ful in navigating the steamer.
First— ln leaving the deck in charge
of the second mate when so near the
land in a fog, especially as he did not
know the deviation of the compass on
the course steered after passing Point
Reyes.
Second — In running at full speed in
the fog.
Third— ln not taking 1 soundings when
he came on deck at 4 o'clock.
The report goes on to say that had
he taken a cast of the lead at that time
he would have seen that the steafrner
was near the land and he would have
averted the disaster.
His license as master was therefore
suspended for one year.
The sentence would have been much
more severe had it not been for the
admirable manner in which the captain
acted in getting the passengers and
crew into lifeboats and saving them
from further accident.
CORRIDORS.
J. C. Skiff of St. Louis is at the Grand.
J. E. Ward and wife of Modesto are at
the Occidental.
Attorney O. J. Woodward of Fresno is
registered at the Lick.
H. B. Shackelford and wife of Red
Bluff are at the Grand.
Morton B. Hbwell Jr. of Nashville,
Term., is at the Palace.
James Douglass, a miner from Virginia
City, Is a guest at the Lick.
Superior Judge Erskine Ross and wife
of Los Angeles are guests at the Palace.
P. W. Holmes, a Chicago merchant, ac
companied by his wife, is at the Palace.
James Fleming and wife of Nevada are
spending their honeymoon at the Califor
nia.
Thomas R. Bard of Huenerae, who is
one of the candidates for the United
States Senate, is at the Occidental.
W. T. Lewis and wife of Racine, Wis.,
are registered at the Occidental. Mr!
Lewis is a large wagon manufacturer.
Mr. and Mrs. Jules C. Weiss of New
York are at the Palace. Mr. Weiss is a
large cloth manufacturer. He and his
wife are here for pleasure.
The committee appointed by the Legis
lature to attend the funeral of the late
Senator John Boggs arrived here last
night. They are: Senators Bettman,
Boyce, Dwyer, Lanpford, Moggard, More
house and Sims, Assemblymen Belshaw,
Caminetti, Sanford, Glenn and Dunlop.
Lieutenant Governor Neff is also with the
committee.
Lieutenant Donald R. Green, Battery |
B, California Heavy Artillery, which was
mustered out of the service on Monday,
has returned to his old home at Colusa. |
Battery B, it will be remembered, was
stationed at Angel Island. Lieutenant
Green ia the son of Will S. Green, ex-
State Treasurer and editor of the Colusa
Sun.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Jan. 3-.— L. Stern and wife
of San Francisco are at the Savoy; H. O.
Teft of Oakland is at the Hoffman; the
Misses Montgomery of San Francisco are
visiting their mother, Mrs. Arthur J.
Rodgers. at the Netherlands M. J. Kauf
man or San Francisco is at the Imperial;
\V. 11. Moloney of San Francisco is at the .
Manhattan.
A Union May Strike.
Argument for a nonsuit in the case of
Fred Hess Jr. against the Typographi
cal Union of San Francisco, in which the
plaintiff seeks to recover $25,000 damages
by reason that he was forced out of em
ployment by the union, he being a non
union man, was heard by Judge Dainger
fleld yesterday. On the motion for a non
suit a case, recently decided by the
highest court in England, was cited, in
which it was held that union labor has a
right to order a strike and that those
who might "rotect themselves by taking
advantage of the organization and re
fused and were Injured thereby had no
action for damages. It was also held
that a conspiracy entered into having no
illegal object in view was not an illegal '
conspiracy, and a conspiracy among
unions to legally further their in- ;
terests would not render them liable
to an action for damages. Judge Dain
srerfleld will decide the motion to-day.
SPRING VALLEY
SUBMITS ITS
STATEMENT
Shows Loss on Year's
Business.
TELLS OF EXTRA EXPENSES
A LABGE SUM FOR PERMANENT
IMPROVEMENTS.
Spent on Construction of New Pipe
Lines and Pumping Plants at
Milpitas and Crystal
Springs.
Spring Valley Water Works rendered
its annual statement of receipts anu ex
penditures with the Supervisors vesteriay
as required by law. The report is an im
mense bound volume, and contains the
name of every householder in the city who
has paid for water during the past year.
The report shows that after paying $766,
--500 ir. oiviclonds the disbursements exceed
the receipts by $56,800 04, which amount
appears in the statement as a loss. The
figures as given are:
RECEIPTS.
From -water . rents of private con
sumers $1,490,921 55
From water rents of city and
county 245,165 50
From water rents of shipping 51,523 95
$1,757.611 00
From other sources 50.75105
Total Income .." $1,838,362 05
DISBURSEMENTS.
For operating expenses — $ 458,750 80
For taxes 131, 24- ,
For interest .; 538,629 05
j.:, ■■ . $1,128,662 09
Dividends paid (11 months) 766,500 00
$1,895,182 C 9
I*ss $ 66.500 04
Paid on account of new construction
and permanent improvements $1,174,973 13
(Signed.)
SIPRING VALLEY WATER WORKS.
By CHAS. WEBB HOWARD, President.
PELHAM W. AMES, Secretary-
Acompanyingr the bound volume con
taining the list of persons to whom wa
ter was supplied was the following letter:
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors
of the City and County of San Francisco
. Gentlemen: Herewith is presented to your
honorable board the annual report of the
Sprine Valley Water Works for the year
1838. As you will observe from the report,
the year has required more than the aver
age annual expenditure for permanent im
provements — the total sum amounting to
$1,174,973 13. This has been required in the
necessary construction of the new San
Andreas pipe lines, the new Locks Creek
pipe line, the Milpitas pumping plant, the
Crystal Springs pumping plant and other
permanent Improvements, all made neces
sary by the demands arising upon the com
pany during the year. You will also ob
serve an Increase in the operatlne ex
• pensea, occasioned by the extra amount of
pumping necessarily done on account of the
■ dry season, to meet the demand ror water.
This extra expense amounts in round num
bers to $85,000 more than for the preceding
year— the total for the year 1898 being $458,
--750 SO, and the total for the preceding year -
but $388,364 27. The difference between\these
; last two sums is less than the extra cost
of pumping, such difference being $24,514,
thus showing that the operating expenses in
the aggregate in other departments was that
much less during the year 1898 than In 1897.
The particulars called for by resolution
, No. 2212 (Fourth Series) of your honorable
board will be ready and furnished to your
committee at its first meeting: to consider
the question of fixing rates. Respectfully
yours,
THE SPRING VALLEY WATER WORKS.
. By CHARLES WEBB HOWARD.
President.
Cal. glace 'ruit 50c per lb at Townsends.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Restaurant Men Indicted.
The United States Grand Jury yesterday
indicted G. Pouchau and Louis Schlatter,
proprietors of the St. Germain restau
rant, for not stamping bottles of wine
served to patrons at meals.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty ears by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething wits
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is tr.i ':est remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from- teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. Including fifteen d3ys' board at
hotel; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply ac
4 New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
ACKER'S ENGLISH REMEDY IS BEYOND
question the greatest of all modern remedies.
It will cure a cough or cold immediately or
money back. At Owl Drup Cn.
Look out for 65 4th st., nr. grocery store. Best
eyeglasses, specs. 15c to 40c. Open 9 to 6. •
In the Divorce Courts.
Emma Esterberg- has sued Gustav
Esterberg for a divorce, alleging failure
to provide. Arthur Seheles asks for a
divorce from Adele Scholes on the ground
of infidelity.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLOSES
FEB. 4. I
ANNUAL I
CLEARANCE
SALE Eg
AT
GUMP'S
ART STORE. I
Discount on every I
article. |
113 Geary Street. |
Use f^% >Use
; Woodbury's j^^a Woodbury's
Faoial Soap. Facial Cream.
The complexion speedily and permanently
cleared 4of blotches, liver spots, moth, tan,
freckles an! the skin rendered soft, smooth
and white by JOHN H. WOODBURT. M "W.
23d St., New York, and 163 State St., Chicago.
Send 10 cents ■' for Beauty Book, ■ and receiv*
sample ea^h of Soap and Cream. (m.MONTANUS WAS
BACKED BY THE
EDUCATED SET
Then Finished in
Third Place.
OTHER UPSETS AT OAKLAND
TOM CROMWELL BEATEN OUT BY
MISTLETON.
Romany Left the Maiden Class.
Abuse Romped In After Miss
Rowena Had Run Away.
Four Choices Downed.
Horsemen from the State of Montana
are rapidly acquiring an enviable reputa
tion in local turf circles for sending good
things to the post. Perhaps after the de
feat of Montanus in the third event a,t
Oakland yesterday, longer odds will be
obtainable against thoroughbreds from
the silver and copper regions. It was a
seven furlong run, and Montanus, the
entry of Billy Randall, was heralded far
ar..l wide as money from the old folks. He
was "father's horse" and make no mis
take, so his price when the betting opened
was rapidly slashed from 2 to 1 to even
change. Builman was the driver, and
managed to get his mount away fairly
well. In front for a few inches In the
run home, the Montana colt could not
etretch it out, finishing third. Whaleback,
ridden by Spencer, came from nowhere
and led Ranier out a head. The winner
was second choice in the betting. It is safe
to predict that longer odds will hence
forth be laid against horsea from the
northwestern country.
It must have been that the cold north
ern wind that blew over the course froze
the blood in the veins- of more than one
favorite. Six heavily backed ones were
Intrusted to the care of Mr. Ferguson,
and but two managed to come back in
front with the money. The attendance
was not as large as on the preceding day.
Romany, at odds of 5 to 2, carried off
. the laurels to be gained in the opening
sprint at the Futurity distance. The geld
ing was ridden by Cash Sloan, and in a
drive downed the 12 to 1 shot Glengaber a
head. Master I.cc, the favorite, was
 third.
■ The favorite Bet up to win the five fur
• long scramble that followed proved a very
: unreliable one. It was Campus, and not
. unlike many other first choices fell Into
.. third place. Espirando, a 7 to 1 chance,
.•with Thorpe In the saddle, won all the
.way. Anchored at odds of 25 to 1 was a
, handy second.
' ■•' In the mile and a furlong selling affair
Mistleton. also ridden by Thorpe, made a
■I remarkable run. At the head of the
' Ftretch, looking hopelessly out of it,
- Thorpe lueexed through next the rail
'.".ana in a hard drive overhauled and down
ed Tom 'romwell, the favorite, a lengtn.
. Guilder finished a close third. The win
. ner was really second in demand in the
:rihg. though the price offered against
Guilder was almost as short.
• .-Pat Dunne's useful performer David
: Teriny found the mile and a sixtenth run
:'q.uiti easy for him. Ruling an even
/money chan< in the ring Martin took the
'..lead with him at will, defeating Moringa
' .nearly a length. Captive disposed of
..•Bernardillo for the show.
Th. ■ -liii not pan out
w.-11. There was a long and tedious delay
at tli' 1 post, during which Fly and _M:.-
way with the "kids" on
their barks. AVh-n the barrier was flnally
\ruse, the favorite, was away in
and won a "oity block." Pelxotto
■ ad of Sly for the place.
Entries.
To-Day"s
• Rare—Or.- ' -enth miles; four
! upward: selllne.
been US 679 Eppinger 114
I VA .; ' I'eixotto II 116
■ 16 y>'- Fleming 11l
• ' ■••• Pe.cond Futurity course; three-year-old
•/••'fillies.
"." '^Sl Wing 110 EC9 Royal Fan 110
■'".. ... Humholdt Maid. llo, SSS Juva 110
• ' . "&TS Clarello 110 5&5 Crossmollna ....110
' •.. .. Xl Furia HOi ... Odd Eyes 110
■•■"- Third Race— furlongs; two-year-olds;
':"■ : -.telling.
" • &S3 ■-.-.teau 105 ... Ovando 105
■••• ■• ... G ene 105 589 Champion Rose. los
■■."■' ES9 Jennie Riley 105 5M Pidalla 105
... Tar.obe 105 ... John MlUin 108
■ *.-* . ■ '
. : Fourth Race— One mile; three-year-olds.
" 591 Gauntlet 1081 597 Senora Caesar... 97
• ! I Survivor 117 i 531 liallista 117
: Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell
•-..• ing; three-year-olds and upward.
•" 698 Topmast 107 <604) David Tenny 10*
■ 590 Dare II 104 6S« Satsuma 104
.•■ • s*l Dunpralae 97 591 Rosebeau 77
6>3 Faveraham $2 580 Morinel 93
: ' Sixth Race— Six furlongs; selling; four-year
olds and upward; mares.
593 Silver State 105; 470 Bessie Lee 108
. 328'Homestake l ■■■"• ... Xl Salado 102
339 P?lore 105: 581 Amelia F0n50...105
•••.'. ISS Miss Dividend. .lo2 440 Spry Lark 105
873 New Moon ....MB 594 Averine 102
. 601 lonial Dame. .lo2 29S Lost Girl 108
 - ttl Manranlllo 105 ... Claudiana 105
Selections for To-Day.
Fir*t Race— Two Cheers, Eppinger, Fleming.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ECZEMA"
ON HANDS
■.v So Bad That Water Would Ooze Out
: • ;•■ and Drop on the Floor. Hands
•V Full of Water Blisters. Doctor
+:] ■ .Could Not Relieve. First Applica-
.••;; • tion of CUTICURA Stopped Itch-
ing and Induced Sleep. Cured in
One Month.
• I had eczema on my ham's so bad that when
\ .- I 6hut them the matter would ooze out and drop
* on the floor. My hands were full of water blls-
'ters of a white color. I wai under the care of
"i« docU»-for about a month, but he did me no
good. I was advised to try CUTICUIIA reme-
\J dies, ana did so, and It was wonderful what
effect they had. The first application stopped
that dreadful itching. 1 slept t>t once, was
eared In four weeks.
M. A. COSORIFF. Emerado. N. D
March 21, ISS3.
BABY'S FACOasS OF SORES
- •. When my little sister was four months old her
cheeks became red and Inflamed. Email pimples
broke out over her face and it was one ma»n of
•" pcata, which almost closed her eyes and reached
•• into the corners of her mouth. For Beveral
weeks a physician attended her. but Phe de-
rived little or no benefit from his treatment
' We bousht a cake of CUTICURA SOAP and a
box of CUTICURA (ointment). Her face/healed
ehe grew healthy again.
ROSA BURGER. Solomon. Kan«.
M BEGIN WITH THE BLOOD
CUTICURA TREATMENT begins with the
' blood and ends with th>' skin, sculp and hair
That i» to say. CUTICURA RESOLVENT, the
new blood and skin purifier and greatest of hu-
■"■ * mor cures, purifies the biood and circulating
. fluid* of HUMOR GERMS, and thus removes
the cause, while warm batha with CUTICURA
• SOAP and gentle anointings with CUTICURA
. '(ointment), greatest of emollient skin cures
-leans* the skin and scalp of crusts and scales,
'•illay itching, burning and inflammation, soothe
»nd heal, thus completing the cure.
Sold throughout the world. POTTER DRUQ
•^ AND CHEM. CORP.. Sole Props.. Bostoif
f . fjr "How to Cure Eczema," free.
KARV'C CFTW SCALP and HAIR Beautified
DAD I J 3KW by CUTICURA SOAP. i ,
Second Race— Juva, Wing, Croesmolina.
Third Race— Jennla Riley, Galene, Ovando.
Fourth Race — Survivor, Gauntlet, Balllsta.
Fifth Race— David Tenny, Dare U, Morlnel.
Sixth Race— Amelia Fonso. Lost Girl, Bessie
Lee.
Applejack Wins a Handicap.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 31.— Cloudy and cool;
track slow. Results:
First race, selling, one mile— Henry Launt
won, Dalgretti second, Evanatus third. Time,
1:46.
Second rare, seven furlongs— Hardy Pardee
won. Our Nellie second. Dandy H third. Time.
l:3l'i.
Third race, mile and a quarter, over five
hurdles— Partner won. Laura May second, Jim
Hogg third. Time, 2C3 1 *.
Fourth race, handicap, six furlongs— Apple-
Jack won, Sim W second, Jim Gore third.
Time, 1:15.
Fifth race. Belling, one mile— Tenby won,
Bar.quo II second. Everest third. Time, l:44tf.
Sixth race, selling, mile and three-quarters-
Double Dummy won. Babe Fie'.ds second. Rock
wood third. Time. 1.-flMl-
THE CALIFORNIA SOPRANO.
Mme. Agnes Fried s First Appear
ance in This City.
A large and very friendly audience
greeted Mme. Agnes Fried, the San
Francisco soprano, who has been abroad
for sirae years, at the Sherman &. Clay
Hall last evening. This is the first time
she appeared professionally in this city
and the nervousness that marked her
work in the aria from "Sanisoi and
Delilah" wore off as the concert pro
gressed.
She Is embarrassed - her enunciation
by a slight lisp, but her voice has the
great merit of being true. In ballads
she appears to better advantage than in
arias. She was given two encores and a
profusion of beautiful flowers.
Hilda Newman, who has been studying
in Europe for some time, has a few
mannerisms when at the piano, but she
played Chopin's "Polonaise" in E flat in
a way that won the house. She also ap
peared to good advantage in Beethoven's
Sonata, Op. 30, No. 2. for violin and
piano. Giulio Minettl was the violinist
of the evening. He Is heard so often hls_
playing requires no comment.
Mm*. Fried assisted by the same
artists, will give her last concert at the
same hall Saturday afternoon at 2:30
o'clock, when a new programme will be
rendered.
■ m ■
MARTIN SKOUGLUND ARRESTED
Believed to Be the Leader of the Gang
of Bay Pirates Which Has Been
Robbing Mare Island.
Martin Skouglund, alias Martin Lund,
who is believed to be the ring
leader of the gang which has
been systematically pilfering copper and
brass castings from the navy-yard at
Mare Island, was arrested yesterday and
lodged in the City Prison. He will be
turned over to the United States Marshal
and tried with other members of the gang
in tho I'nited States District Court.
Theso pilferings at Mare' Island have
been going on for a long time, and the
goods stolen aggregate thousands of dol
lars in value. John Helm was captured
•in Mare Island Sunday morning-, and
through his confessions Arthur Daught
was also taken In charge by the police and
suspicion was thrown on Skouglund. who
escaped in a boat when Helm was caught.
It is said that the men became acquainted
with the location of the stores when
working on the quay wall extension. The
authorities are confident that they have
a perfect case and will secure conviction.
Whipping Post Wanted.
James Lyman, a shoemaker from Wat
sonville who deserted his wife and three
children and came to the city with an
other woman, was convicted by Judge
Mogan yesterday of failure to provide.
Lyman's conduct to his little crippled
daughter was so brutal that the Judge
denounced him roundly and expressed the
hope that before the legislature adjourn
ed a bill would be introduced and passed
providing the whipping-post for wife
beaters and men who desert their families
and give their earnings to some other
woman.
■ ♦ .
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakesis. New York. •
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Tuesday, Jan. 31, 1899.— Forty-third
day of the California Jockey Club meeting. WeatLer fine. Track fast.
3. a. MURPHY. Pr— Min» Jndge JAMES~B FERGUSON. Stan»r~
course;
purse, $350.
Horse.
Weight. [
1
1
4
! 3
2
6
i 5
I. .
8
•'•IL 12
3 h . 4 2
4 4 * 5 1
2h 2 h
65 3 1
5h 6 4
72 7 4
8 8
4m.
3 4 m.
1 1
4 4
5 3
2 h
3 4
6 2
7 4
8
Str.
Fin.
lh J
' 2 24 j
3 K.
4 4
5 4
6 2
710 i
8 '
_____
Jockeys.
C. Sloan
H. Martin....
i 0n... ......
5-2
6
2
5-2
6
8
6
60
5-2
12
2
4
8
6
20
200
676 Romany l:
640 Glengaber 1'
654 Master Lee i:
597 Sidelong 1]
676 Nilgar 1!
... Guatemoc 11
565 Fortls 11
476 The Minister -
Spencer
[Thorpe '.......
iPiggott '
Jones
Bullman .....
IKnlghten ....
Time— 4. :224; to 4, :47K: last 4, 1:02%; short K. 1:13. Winner, J. Givens' br.- g.
by imp. Ben St'rome-Gypsy. Good start. Won first three driving.
Glengaber at the weights was best. Master Lee likes a longer route. Nilgar Is a clumsy
traveling brute. ■'" '^ " - : V .•
Scratched— Rey del Rio 122. '_ n*
£>f~l| SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St.
Km.
4m.
Km.
Jockeys.
577 Espirando, 4 113 3
538 Anchored. 3 105 1
682 Campus, 3 186] 4
(676) Racjvan, 3 101 i 9
549 Grandezia, 5 115 2
655 Don Gara. 6 120 5
693 Yaruba. 3 106 11
577 Colonial Dame, 4.. 11 l 10
594 Schnitz. a 120 7
694 Cyaro. 4 113 8
535 Melvln Burnham, 4.116 6
1 1
4 b
2 1
5 4
32
8 2
64
7 h
11
8 1
10 2
1 1
44
3 4
5 1
2 2
8-4
61 \
7 2 \
9 3
10 3
11
11
2 2 I
3 ns j
4 h ;
62
6 h
7 1
8 1 I
9 4 I
10 3 I
11
i norpe
Butter
E. Jones
H. Martin....
Bullman
Plggott ......
. ... _
8
8
8-5
5-2
6
10
5
5-2
10
30
100
7
25
6-2
7-2
9
20
6
10
30
100
100
Spencer ■
C. Sloan !
I Hennessy ....I
Flint
E. Cochran...
lE.
Time— 4. :124; 4. :37; 4. 1:02. Winner. J. Noglee Burkes blk. g. by imp. Brutus-Ar-
dente. Good start. Won first three driving.
Espirando had the speed of the outfit. Anchored is regaining his winning form. Campus
Is a cranky running horse. With less weight up Grandezia would have been dangerous.
Scratched— Beau Monde 116.
CtC\C9 THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Index. Horse. Weight. St.
5*2 Whaleback 112! 9
555 Rainier 109 j
... Montanus 112 6
(583) Sir Urlan 109 4
588 Espionage 107 11
453 Stromo 109 2
... Monda 109' 8
584 Dlara 112 5
676 Bid Mc 107 10
652 Ocorona 11l 1
679 Peter Weber 109 7
Weight.
Km.
8 4
3 h
4 4'
1 h
11
51
7 1
> 4
10 1
2 1
6 4
4m.
7 h
4 4
3 4
5 1
10 4
14
6 1
9 4
11
2 h
8 1
4m.
Km.
5 4
3 4
2 14
4 2
7 4
1 h
6 1
10 2
11
8 2
9 1
Km.
Str.
4 h
3 14
1 4
64
6 1
2 h
7 1
8 2
9 2
10
11
Str.
Fin. Jockeys.
1 h Spencer
2 3 W. H. Martin
3 4 Bullman
4 4 H. Martin....
5 6 Hennessy ....
6 3 ' [Thorpe •.;
7 2 L Bennett...
8 3 W. Narvaez..
9 3 Fallehy
10 E. Cochran...
11 Jones .........
7-2
12
- 2
3
4
8
100
12
60
30
10
Time— 4. :13; 4. :3S; 4, 1:04; 4, 1:29. Winner. J. B. Dyer's br. c. by imp. Duncombe-
Orange Leaf. Good start. Won first three driving.
.As the race was run Whaleback was best. Espionage could have walked In. She is
ready money again. Stromo grew weary the last part. Monda will bear watching. Mon-
tagus needed a race.
Scratched— Gilt Edge 109. - -■' .
/jag FOURTH RACE— and an eighth miles; selling;
QUO* purse, $400.
Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
4m. 4m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
..- Jockeys.'
(565) Mistleton. 5.. ........109 6
(547) Tom Cromwell, G...1U 2
581 Guilder. 4 100 4
670 Alvero, « .••• 93. 5
535 Robert Bonner. 5... 11 l 7
586 • Nonchalance .....11l ,
(570) Billy McCloskey. 6.114[ 3
7
44
i 4
6 1
64
2 1
3 1
7
4 h
1 h
64
3 1
2 4
62
7
54
lh
6 24
3 1
2 h
4 h
6 2
4 h
1 h
2 h
3 14
6 24
5 2 11
22 2 1
14 31
6 4 2
SI 53
414 6 3
7- 7
i norpe
Jones » .-.I
Spencer '..
Holmes .......j
tr A «««- —
3
8-5
3
20
6
30
20
Hennessy ....j
E. 'Cochran...!
C. 510 an.......
Time— 4. :13; 4. =374: 4. 1:044: ?4>. 1:304: mile. 1:434: 14 miles. 1:554. Winner, William
Boots & Son's eh. h. by Imp. Brutus-Mistletoe. Good start. Won first three driving.
Getting through next the rail won for Mistleton. Tom Cromwell was best. . Robert Bon-
ner was ridden the overland. He should have been inside the money. Will run faster at
'^Scratched— Lady Hurst 109. , ■ ; /
ritx a FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
OU4. purse, $500. '
selling;
four-year-olds and
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.]
Std.
Vim. 4m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
| Jockeys.
H- Martin
574," David Tenny, 5..... 112 4
65f Morlnga. 4...........M8 I
(581) Captive. ........ 108, 3
556 .'■rnardlllo, 5 HV 2 .
670 Thyne. 4 .: 1081 °
5
14
3 4
2 h
4 14
5
1 2
3 2
2 h
4 b
4 « 4 10
12 11
2h 2 4
314 3 4
5 5
3 2
12
2 h
4 10
6
I*l
24
8 5
4 10
6 1
Spencer
Bullman ..:.;.
TV....
' 1
5-2
5
6
no
Thorpe
Time— 1-18, :06V4: 5-16, :31; 9-16, :67; 13-16. 1:23; mile, 1:414: 1 1-16 miles, 1:47. Winner, P.
Dunne's b h by Tenny-Mamle B. Good start. Won easily. - Second and third driving; .
Tcnny won smiling. The vaqueros beseechingly implored players to back Bernardino.
The company was too select for Captive. .;--;.•
Scratched— Cromwell 112. _^ _■ ■ - .' ...
df\K. SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; four- year-olds and upward; Owners'
DVOt purse, $400. .-■' ■.' ', ■ ■.-■ ;.
. Jockeys.
Hal 8r0wn....
T D.l#
(ESS) Abuse, 8 80] 1 ... 15 110 18 18 Hal 8r0wn.... 3-5 1-3
(687) Pelxotto. «.:.".'.. :".'..-. 80! 4 ... 4 1 5 - 4 1 2 4 J. Reiff........ 4 3
. F6l Sly, 6 .'....... 87 3 ... 3142 6 314 Houck ........ 10. 12
871 Miss Rowena, >i..... 80 5 ... '6 8h 2 4 42 Fauntleroy ... 8 . 8
438 I Don't Know, a... 88 2 ... 2 1 214 3 4 6 Mounce 15 25
... Figaro, a..... 801 ... ... ; L. Da1y....... 100 100
. 677 Fly, a.:...;........., 85 * ... ... ... if. Da1y........ f f
•Left. fCoupled with Sly. ~~~ .: • -=•=..■ •'- '■ '-"'■: '.:' ..■ -.•?•*'.:•: :.!-•' ■ ■■'-,- .'
Time— 4. :13; %, :36K: 4. -I:oo4. Winner. Fred Foster's b. h. by imp. Plevna-Imp.
Abukru. Bad start. . Won easily. Second and third driving. - '.--"'-
Abuse won as far as he wanted to. Miss Rowena ran away the distance in a false
- breakaway. Fly accompanied her part way. ; 3__ft_M|puMl Wi'llfflHWiill T " ' i T ll r Pn ' MM ' I
.;
i
i 5
| <>
1 5
4 1
3 1
6
2 1
1 10
6 :
4 2
8 h
i 14
18'
4 1
5
.24
3 4
1 8
2 4
3 14
42
5
J. Reiff........
Houck .;'.;....
Fauntleroy:..
Mounce
3-5
4
14
3
15
100
t
L. Daly.
1 Daly .....|
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1899.
TO BRING THE
CALIFORNIA
BOYS HOME
Relatives Meet for
That Purpose.
ENCOURAGING REPORTS READ
WELL RECEIVE THE REGIMENT
ON ITS RETURN.
Father Doherty Delivers a Patriotic
Speech Urging Maintenance of
the Organization Amid
Great Enthusiasm.
There was an enthusiastic gathering of
the relatives of the First California
Volunteers at Native Sons' Hall last
night. Fully five hundred ladles and
gentlemen were present to voice their
sentiments in regard to the return of the
boys from Manila and to hasten, if pos
sible, the action of the Government in
bringing about the desired object.
After an introductory speech by Chair
man Moores, in -which he said he had
received positive assurance that the Cali
fornia Volunteers would be returned
home soon, W. A. Derham read the re
port of the executive committee. Ho
stated that Assistant Secretary Melkle
john sent a communication that six regi
ments would be ordered back and the
California Volunteers would be among
the first to reach home. He also read a
telegram from Senator Perkins, in which
Perkins said he would use his best en
deavors to help In the good cause.
Rev. Father Doherty delivered a stir
ring speech which roused his hearers to a
pitch of great enthusiasm. He paid a
beautiful tribute to the splendid spirit
and courage of the California boys and
said the regiment, from the colonel down,
were a unit in the desire to return home.
Father Doherty requested the assem
blage to do all !n Its power to facilitate
the return and advised the maintenance
of the organization until the day the
regiment was marching again in the
streets of San Francisco.
William Ehrenpfort and Joseph Binet,
whose boys are with their companies in
Manila, urged active co-operation of the
relatives. The former presented five
petitions signed by many prominent mer
chants of this city asking for the return
fo the volunteers, and these will be sent
to Washington to join the others now at
the department.
A motion was made by C. E. Mueller to
appoint a reception committee and the
chair appointed W. A. Derham, A. L.
Badt, C. Mueller, Mrs. Reay and Mrs.
Baird.
It was the sense of the meeting that a
register be signed by one representative
for each member of the regiment, as a
preliminary to permanent organization. A
roster of the regiment will be placed at
the Russ House and at the office of A. L.
Badt. on the northeast corner of Post and
Taylor streets, and the parents or
guardians of the absent soldiers may
sign the roll at these places. The
executive committee will arrange for an
other meeting when the register is com
plete. _^________
By the Way,
The place to enjoy a meal to the fullest extent
is the Cafe Zinkand. •
TANGLE OF
LOVE CAUSED
KNOTTED QUEUES
Servant Admired His
Employer's Wife.
THE LADY RECIPROCATED
YOU KEE DISCOVERED THE SE
CRET LOVE OF HIS SPOUSE.
He Discharged Wong Now, the Of
fender, and Withheld the Wages
Dve — Husband and Lover
Fight It Out.
Because Wong Now loved the young
wife of his employer. You Kee. he re
ceived no wages for the work he did and
lost his position in Kee's laundry. Late
yesterday afternoon the husband and the
lover met at the corner of Jackson and
Dupont streets, and an argument over
the situation ended In blows. The Celes
tial pugilists fought furiously until Police
man "Tommy" Naylor arrived on the
scene and arrested both for disturbing
the peace.
A large crowd had collected to witness
the fight, and when Naylor arrived on the
scene he had a hard time to niake hia
way to the principals in the disturbance.
When he finally reached them his work
was but half finished, for in the melee the
queues of the scrappers had become en
tangled, and so fierce was the anger of the
two Chinamen that they did not wish to
be separated.
The story of the origin of the trouble is
another tale of the marriage of May and
December. You Kee, who is well along
In years, some moons ago wedded the
woman who is now his wife when she
was but 20 years old. For a time You
Kee lived happily with hl3 young wife,
and she appeared to reciprocate the love
he gave her. She soon tired of her lord
and master, however, and while not seek
ing for one she could love, often thought
that her lot was a hard one.
Recently Wong Now appeared on the
scene. He was employed by You Kee, and
for a time all went well. The wife noticed
Wong Now, and found him fair to look
upon. Wong Now, for his part, admired
the pretty wife of his employer, but dared
not covet her, thinking she was too much
above him In station. As time went on
he became more bold, and. encouraged by
the glances of the lady, avowed his love.
The affection existing between the serv
ant and his mistress was concealed from
You Kee for a long time, but he finally
became aware of the unfaithfulness of his
wife Instead of visiting her sins upon
her head, he made Wong Now pay the
penalty for his own and that of his mis
tress. You Kee discharged the servan',
and, telling Wong Now the reason for his
dismissal, refused to pay him the wages
due him.
Wong Now disliked the idea of losing
both his money and hia love, and last
night, when he met You Kee, he upbraid
ed him for withholding his wages. You
Kee told his former servant that if he
would promise to cease attempting to see
his wife the money would be paid. At
first Wong Now agreed, hut his love over
coming his greed for gold, he haughtily
informed You Kee that nothing could kill
the love he had for the wife and that he
would not be bought off for the few dol
lars due him. The fight followed.
THE TWENTY-SECOND
ABOARD THE TRANSPORTS
THE MEN ARRIVED FROM NE
BRASKA YESTERDAY.
Ohio and Senator Will Be Beyond
the Golden Gate by Sundown
To-Night.
The Twenty-second Infantry arrived at
the water front yesterday morning and
immediately boarded the transports Ohio
and Senator. There was a dearth of senti
ment in their coming and going, and the
customary gathering of leavetakers and
sorrowing friends was not there. Except
for the police who were on deck, the men
might have believed that they had stolen
upon the city of San Francisco and taken
it unawares.
After a brilliant record on Cuban soil,
they sail to-day for the Philippines. They
are a body of well-behaved and trim-look
ing men, and their short stay at the docks
was without Incident. Two companies,
composing the First Battalion, were
marched on board the Senator at Broad
way dock, and four companies, composing
the Second Battalion, went to the Pacific
street dock. A number of recruits from
the Presidio marched aboard the Senator
yesterday afternoon.
The troops have been assigned to the
transports Senator and Ohio as follows:
On the Senator will go the headquarters
and band of the Twenty-second Infantry,
numbering 24 men. 100 men of Company A,
96 of B, 105 of D. 95 of H, 102 of K. 102 of
M, 19 officers, the wives of 10 officers, s
hospital men, 20 recruits of the Twenty
second Infantry, 1 officer and 20 men of
the Twentieth Infantry, making a total
of 682 enlisted men and 31 officers. Colonel
Egbert will be in command.
On the Ohio will go 92 men of Company
C, 98 of E, 100 of F, 90 of G, 105 of 1, 95 of
L, 13 officers, the wives of 7 officers, 6
hospital men and 170 casuals and recruits
from the Presidio, making a total of 760
men and 42 officers. Major L. O. Parker
will be in command of the Ohio.
The Twenty-second has distinguished
Itself in the Cuban campaign, and has lost
from its ranks many officers and men,
either in battle or by sickness. Colonel
Wykoff. who was In command, was shot
dead, and Lieutenant Colonel Patterson,
who is now second In command, was bad
ly wounded in the fight at San Juan Hill.
Captain Mozler, senior captain, was
AD VERTISI M E:, TS.
Want a
Bicycle?
This is the time of the year
when people begin to t*lk
bicycle. Are you gong to
buy one? If so, we sell the
most popular wheels in
America.
CLEVELAND-* .840 and $50
CRESCENTS—
Juveniles... $25
Chain Models $35
Chainless Models $60
ENSIGNS $25 and $35
LEAVITT & BILL,
309 Larkin Street . . City.
20 San Pablo Aye., Oakland.
wounded in the same engagement. Brig
adier General Egbert, the present com
mander, was shot twice through the body
while commanding the Sixth Infantry in
the assault on El Caney.
Companies D, G. H and I, Eighth Cali
fornia, were mustered out at the Van
couver barracks yesterday by Captain
Taylor, Fourteenth Infantry, mustering
out officer. They will proceed directly to
their homes. Company M, which was at
Alcatraz, and Companies F and L, which
■were at Angel Island, having gone
through their mustering-out ceremony on
Sunday, arrived at their respective homes
in San Jose, Oakland and Marysville last
night. The three companies at the Pre
sidio will be mustered out on Thursday
morning, and the headquarters and Com
panies A and X at Benicia barracks next
Monday, February 6.
Several female nurses were assigned to
the transports, and will report for duty
at Manila. Captain D. A. Smith of the
Eighth Infantry has been promoted as
captain of Company B. vice Captain Part
ridge. The customary monthly Teview
and inspection of the troops at the Pre
sidio took place yesterday morning.
FAVORS IMPROVEMENTS.
Advocates the Panhandle Proposition
and More Lights.
The Point Lobos Improvement Club
placed itself on record at a meeting last
night as being in favor of bonding the
city for the purpose of extending the
park panhandle to Van Ness avenue and
also the side wing crossing Richmond and
linking the two big- parks— Golden Gate
with the Presidio reservation. The few
blocks sought to be acquired by the city
crossing Richmond by way of Fourteenth
avenue can be purchased now as cheaply
as they ever will be; therefore the club
indorses the scheme unanimously.
For local Improvements the club passed
a resolution requesting the Park Commis
sioners to open a driveway from First
avenue into the park at Fulton street.
Also requesting the Supervisors to fur
nish the Richmond district with more
electric lights, particularly on the north
ern side along the line of the Bteamcar
route to the Cliff house and in front of
the Maria Kip Orphanage.
Indelagade on Trial.
Guiseppe Indelagade, who shot and
killed his brother-in-law, Antonio Scla
fina, on Fishermen's wharf a few months
ago, was pjaced on trial before Judge
Lawler yesterday. Reel B. Terry repre
sents the prisoner and is confident, as
Sclafina was found with a knife clenched
between his stiffened fingers, that he will
clear his client on the ground of self de
fense. It is well known that Sclafina
abused his brother-in-law on various oc
casions and at one time drew a knife for
I the purpose of ending Indelagade's life,
i He would have succeeded had it not been
] for the interference of bystanders. The
I Jury was secured and the first witness
put on the stand when the hour of ad
journment came and the case went over
until this morning.
Wife Brutally Beaten.
Mrs. Mary Zand, wife of August Zand,
735 Natoma street, swore to a complaint
before acting Police Judge Barry yester
day afternoon for his arrest for battery.
Her gave her a terrific beating with some
heavy instrument and she bore the marks
on her face and body. She had a baby
three months old. Zand is foreman in
the Teutonla Bakery. The Judge made
his bonds $1000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rupture_Book Free.
: Home Method That Restores No Matter
How Bad the Case.
Welcome Advice From a "Well-Known New
York Specialist.
A prominent specialist In the cure of rupture
has written a book on the subject and tells how
any sufferer can cure himself at home at slight
expense. And the best of it is that he has pub-
lished this book for free distribution. Printing
/- • MR. F. L. WILLEY.'
Is, nowadays, such a rapid art that it doesn't
cost a great deal to get out a neat book and
; give it away. The book is written by Dr. W.
S. Rice, 41S W. Main St.. Adams, N. V.. and by
merely sending your name and address he will
mail you a copy free of all cost. The portrait
above Is that of Mr. F. L. Willey, Shelton,
Wash., who was cured of rupture by Dr. Rice.
Mr. Willey says: "I sent to Dr. Kice for one
of his books on rupture and found it very valu-
able. The Information therein was the first
real knowledge I had ever received that could
convince me that rupture was a curable mal-
ady. I used his home , treatment and am glad
to say that my rupture was perfectly cured and
that I haven't had any return or noticed any
difference between the healed place and any
other solid part of me. I was cured sound and
well."
Readers are requested to write at once for
this free book. No matter if you are wearing
some kind of a truss that affords some relief
send at once and learn all about the new home
cure which Dr. Rice has clearly explained and
fully Illustrated. Write to-day and if you
know others who • are ruptured ask them to
write. It contains advice that may save your
life. . - .: - ■ ■
Oppression, bullocdiion, Neuralgia, etc., curea Dy
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Ptris, J. ESP ; New York. E. FOUGERA * CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
TJ "D TT C 11 17 r OR BARBERS. bak-
DAUu XI JL O • ers bootblacks, bath-
• * w .~* houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hansers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tnr-<-<v)fen>. tanner?, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 3t
1 ■isfti I wtWwCDv ft 1 1 a I ■ whl
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and V l&gr.
—EVERY. EVENING
Offenbach's Celebrated Comic Opera,
"LA PERICHOLE"
Presented with the Strongest Singing Company
■ In America.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
NEXT WEEK— By Request,
••SUZETTE."
Oscar Weil's Comedy Opera,
LOOK . OUT FOR. ; .
MAbBL.EINB,orTHt: MAGICKISB
By the tuthormd eoxposer of "The Wedding D»y." ■
' POPULAR ; PR1CE5 . . ..... .... 7.'. .25c and 530
N. B.— reserved seat for the matinee. ..2sa
■ Our Telephone, Bush 9.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
-B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— ■— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B
SPECIAL POR CHASE!
HTH B fc3 mB IS sSBSb H Ea EJ l« £3 rj Iv lEj fsEH vIA Q \jm
. - - . .-.;':•. . • . ;■/ ■ . B
Entire Stock of a Leading Cloak ■
Manufacturer on Sale "
TO-DAY!i
On to-day we present to the public 4000 garments consist- n
Ing of Ladies' and Misses' Jackets, Suits, Fur Capes, Cloth Capes,
511k Skirts, Woolen Skirts, etc. This stock was purchased from
the well-known manufacturer, M. Slminoff, at 45c on the dollar, °
and will be offered to the public at correspondingly low figures. ■
The goods will be found new and desirable. ■
LADIES' FUR COLLARETTES. \
At 95 Cents. V , Q
LADIES' FUR COLLARETTES, worth regular $2 75, sale p'Hce 95c each. -|
:■-.■•: . [*/ At"sl.sO. '.' f
LADIES' FUR COLLARETTES, worth $4, sale price $1 50 each. ■
LADIES' CAPES* «
At"sl.4s. ■
LADIES' CLOTH CAPES, regular price $3 50, sale price $1 45 each. B
: / >' At "$3.90. 1
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, wort $7 50, sale price $3 90 each. T |
At $5.00. f
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, value for $10 and $12 50, sale price $5 each. ■
LADIES' _JACKETS. f
At "$2^45. / B
LADIES' COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, regular price $5, sale ■
. price $2 45 each. ' :; , I
At $3.95. J
LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, good value for $8 50, sale price 7 ■
$3 95 each. ?;" ': •
At $4.90. ?
LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, faced with silk, regu- H
lar price $10, Bale price $4 90 each. I
At "$6.50. !
LADIES' COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, good value for $12 50, sale price W
$6 50 each. > H
BLANKETS. BLANKETS. ■
■■--'J- ■-*■ ■ - ' .- ■-'','■>"-.■= "t ■■■■'■"-■■•''-...'■' :"■■---■./- ' ■■ t
At $2.45. ■
95 pairs 11-4 WHITE BLANKETS, 72 inches wide, this is a good service- j.
able blanket, a small part cotton, and positively worth $3 75, will be |
offered special at $2 45 pair. I
At "$2.95. I
50 pairs 11-4 WHITE BLANKETS, 72 inches wide, made from a fine grade i
of wool, heavy and warm and positively worth $5, will be offered ■
special at $2 95 pair. |
At $8.30. °
25 pairs 14-4 WHITE BLANKETS, size 84x86, made from the finest grade ■
of Australian wool, handsomely finished and positively worth $15, will I
be offered special at $8 50 pair. B
.
[/(/ Murphy Bulldln*. J j Murphy Bulldln*. / ■
Martet ai Jones SlreeH Market anil Jones Streets. ?
AMUSEMENTS.
/*Tji3fj uj»»jljM HE CERTAINLY
George H. Broadhursfs Mirthful Plenitude.
A Great
/why\ Casti
SMITH lnc "*
I bWIITH \ mm
I LEFT AKBVCKLE.
\ HOME/" S ~"
\BI \0 IWI wmf Dorothy Usner.
.^^ ■■ Rose Stuart,
Blanch Chap-
. man, etc.
COLUMBIA^
LAST 4 NIGHTS AND MATINEE SATURDAY
NO SUNDAY PERFORMANCE.
FRANK "DANIELS
And His Comic Opera Company,
"THE IDOL'S EYE."
EXTRA!
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
LOCUS* JA/VIES,
K.A-THR"VN K.IDDER,
FREDERICK. WARDE.
First Performance NEXT MONDAY.
"THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
ALCAZARTHEATER.
• EVERY NIGHT £Fi! £
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
SOL SMITH RUSSELL'S
BEAUTIFUL COMEDY DRAMA.
PEACEFUL
VALLEY!
-2 Sc t^r<i^>oo soo
Next "Week— "A BAD LOT." ■ ■ '
...OLYMPIA...
j rddy St.. Cor. Mason.
' Most Beautiful Music Hall in America.
ONLY FREE THEATER ON PACIFIC COAST
r PLAYING : EASTERN STARS.
; * ■.:/ .'-'" Tremendous Hit by
VIOLETE DALE
The New York Favorite.
POSITIVELY LAST WEEK OF
KELLY AND VIOLETTE,
■': Greatest "Coon" Song Singers of the Day.
'■: '.'■-'■ \ —ALSO OF— .
• '-. The Wonderful Acrobats.
THE 3DE BOLIEN BROTHERS
■ TEN ALL STAR ACTS. '
ADMISSION i FREE. - MATINEE SUNDAY.
t NEW WESTERN'HOTHU
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD 4
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to 51 50 day;
S5 to $8 week; $S to 130 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire rrates In every
1 room; elevator runs all night. .
AMTJSEMENTa
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY, Feb. L
Parquet, any seat, 25c. Balcony, 10c. Chil-
dren, 10c, any part. ■
7— VAUDEVILLE STARSf— .7
The Hlgh-Claes Comedy Artists,
MILTON AND DOLLY NOBLES,
In the Roaring Farce, t'Why Walker
Reformed."
The European Concert Star, GIACINTA
DELLA ROCCO, Celebrated Viollniste.
DERENDA AND BREEN, Club Jugglers.
WILLIE OZEOLA. Balancing Acrobat.
Rice's Rag-time Opera. "CLORINDY."
WILSON AND LEICESTER, Operatic Stars.
MAX CINCINATI and MUSICAL AVOLOB,
Xylophone Wonders.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
CONCERTS AND EESOBTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO! "SggX".
PIANKA, the "LADY OF LIONS."
AND A HOST OF NOVELTIES IN THE
FREE THEATER.
TO-MORROW (Thar»d»yi-AJI ATECR NIGHT
AMATEUR AMAZON MARCH
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
Monday and Wednesday evening's and Satur-
day afternoon. February 6. 8 and 11. .
j&b*^ MADAME TERESA y^P*^
CarrenO
ARRENKJ
WORLD'S GREATEST PIANISTE!
- Seats now on sale at the San Francises
Music Co.. 225 Sutter street.
PRICES... $1. $150, $1
CHICKERING PIANO USED.
RACIM! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-89. beginning MONDAY,
Jan. 23, to SATURDAY, Feb. 4, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine. i
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Racea Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp. ■
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
12:S0, 1, 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the ■ entrance to thi
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:11
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
T H ED
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUGE SUCCESS. -
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO 11.
EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORBTE&
LI | A PERMANENT CURE 1
J i of the moat obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea c
I [ ■ and Gleet, guaranteed In from 3 to 6 C .
I J days ; no other treatment required. $
i ' 1  / SoJd by all druggists. >
WeeHy Can $1.00 per Year
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat lower Rnd depressed. Freights de
clined.
Barley futures declined.
Oats firm, but dull.
>'.irn and Rye neglected.
Beans inactive. Alfalfa Seed holier.
Hay quiat and weak.
Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Mllletuffs stand the same.
Potatoes and Onions weak.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Epgs still lower.
Another decline In Poultry and Gatn-
Fruit market well supplied and quiet.
Dried Peaches and Apricots firm.
t'ottolene advanced. Other Provisions un
changed.
Hops dul!. Hides steady.
Wool market Ktlll depressed.
Beef and Mutton firm. ."• '.
Hogs scarce and advancing.
Bags unchanged.
January bank clearings ishow a gain.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Iyorai bank e>aiinss In Januar- were $57,
--853.931. again*;. $65,466,574 (or January. ISSS.
Thin gain of nearly $2,000,000 for the first
month or the year tliowe that the new year is
Martin* off well.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 31. S p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of came date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka COS 17 38 18.71
Red Hluft Of* 13.05 6.62
Saoramento 0.00 7.85 f>.S6
tan Francisco 000 7.67 5 19
Fresno O.W 3.72 2.31
Snn Luis ilblspo 0 CO 6.92 2.86
Los Angeles 0.00 283 3.79
Ban Diego 0.00 3.41 3.12
Ttima 0.00 1.33 1.23
Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
5». minimum, lv, mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The storm which was central in Washington
this morning has elongated into a trough of
; reuure extending from Washington
LStward into Northern Arlcona. An area
of high pressure overlies Montana and the
COUUtrx to the east of the Koeky Mountains
:i -•• mjfc.nle<l hy temperatures below zto.
Light rain ur snow has fallen throughout
■U ashington, Oregon, along the California coast
jl« far south as I ■■■mo, Idaho and
the country to the oast of the Rocky Mount
ains
The temperature has fallen over the entire
Parlflc Slope. It will fall much more Wednes
day aiM "Ai!! be accompanied by high north
■u. «t wind.
Conditions are favorable for scattered show
ers with snow In the mountains in California
Wednesday.
Forecast made at San ". Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, February 1, 1899:
Northern California— PtobaWy light showers
Wednesday; much colder; high northwest wind.
Southern California — Probably showers
Wednesday: much colder; high northwest wind.
Nevada— Light snow Wednesday; much cold
er, with high northwest wind.
I'tnh— Snow Wednesday; much colder; a cold
wave; high northwest wind.
Arizona— Cloudy, with snow in th« north
portion AVeiJnesday; much colder; high north.
wind.
Francisco and vicinity— Probably show
ers Wednesday; colder; high northwest wind.
G . H. WILL-SON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 31.— The average recession
in stock values to-day was fractional. There
was no oronounced pressure to sell, as was
Ehr-iwti by the diminished volume of business.
There were transactions in about 750,000 sharps,
which formerly would have been considered
a large days business, but which is the small
est amount traded in in sometime for a full-day
■ London continued a moderate Belief
on balance and th» market showed alternate
spells of strength and weakness. There was
considerable telling for Chicago account; the
traders were free sellers at the opening and ;
prices ran oft fractionally except for declines i
of a point and over In Reading first preferred. !
New York Central and Tennessee Coal and ;
Iron. Buying orders appeared In various direc
tions and there were a number of recoveries
(ram "ne to two points. Including Tennessee
<val and Iron. A decline in Heading first pre
ferred was on rumors that the coal deal was
not developing as well as expected. Central
and Southern Pacific. Mobile ajid Ohio. C. C
C and St. Louis, Leng Island, Southern Rail
way preferred. American Cotton Oil and some
other specialties were consistently strong. A
us bear attack which was particularly
ri:r» teii against Sugar caused that stock to
drop off four points from the high price which
had attained on a continuance of the talk of
some arrangement with the Glucose Sugar Re
fining Company. The facts concerning the
company's intentions are, of course, known
only to insiders. New York Airbrake took a
dive of about seven points. There was activ
lt\ and strength among high-priced Invest
ment stocks. Including New York, New Haven
an.! Hartford, which touched 204; Great North
ern rrercrr^d. which made a new high record
of 176; Consolidated Gas, which touched 204Vj.
and Brooklyn Union Gas, 14SV*. The strength
of these two gas stocks was on various con
solidation rumors. In regard to the strength
of Great Northern stocks there was gossip
that there might be another '"melon" to b»
cut by the company perhaps in yhp form of
some distribution to the stockholders. The
time for such action was clothed In much mys
tery. Generally speaking th* market went
through the process of digesting recent realiz
ing sales, and speculation in them was largely
centered In the, sxjecialtles.
The bond market was very irregular, with an
easier tendency toward the close. Total sales,
|4 000; rnitpi states threes advanced H and
the new fours declined *» In the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 7SS 900
Bhares, including 6571 Atchison. 22.895 Atchison
preferred, »,630 Central Pacific. 8,315 Burling
ton. 14,064 C. '". C. and St. Louis, 6600 D & R
0., 19.125 Manhattan. 3200 Metropolitan.' 22 210
Reading preferred. 6390 Missouri Pacific 32'>0
North American, 41.076 Northern Pacific. 47f.5
Northern Pacific preferred. 6.">30 Rock Island,
7731 St. Louis and San Francisco, 33,753 9t.
Iv>ui» and San Francisco second preferred' 11 -
22C Union Pacific, 13,180 St. Paul, 24,185 South
err. Pacific. 14.830 Southern. 28.742 Southern
preferred, 6200 Texas and Pacific, 20,285 Union
Pacific preferred, 16.230 Cotton Oil. 7000 To
-20.V36 Steel, 24,787 Steel preferred 6430
)• • >"s Gas, ZO.KS Consolidated Gas. 3040 Gen
eral Electric, 7125 Brooklyn Transit, 9046 Pa
cific Mail, 47,3<-S Sugar. 17,950 Tennessee Coal
and Iron. 3150 Leather preferred, 4055 Rubber
5613 Western Union, 13,020 Chicago Great West
ern.
CLOSING BTOCKS.
Mchison 22% 6t L & S F 13%
Do prefd SI j Do prefd 73%
Baltimore Ohio. 71% Do 2d prefd 4314
Canada Pacific... 86%; St Paul 1254
Canada Southern.. 59 I Do pre M..... 163
Cent Pac 60VSt P & 0m.... " 93
Ches & Ohio 2«V Do prefd aeg
Chi & Alton 171% So Pacific 42
Chi B & Q 136 So Railway ! 13%
Chi & E 111 67% Do prefd ..: 6O'/4
"'■ Prefd 116 Texas & Pacific... 19%
Chi O W 111% I Union Pacific .... 46$
Chi Ind * L I Do prefd 7»£
Do prefd 30 U P D & G.... 13
Chi & N W 147>,i!Wabash S% i
Do prefd 191 I Do prefd 23%
CCC& St L sS%. Wheel & L E... 12
Do prefd 97 Do prefd .... 34
Del * Hudson 112% Express Companies—
Del L & \V 103% Adams Ex ........109
Den & Rio O nv t American Ex . 142
Do prefd 72% United States .... S5
Erie new 15% Wells Fargo 125
Do Ist prefd .... 40«4 Miscellaneous—
Ft Wayne 178 A Cot Oil ........ 37%
<;t Nor prefd 175 Do prefd yo«4
Hocking Val 2% Anin Spirits .... ii*i.
Illinois Cent 116% Do pr«fd 37
L«k<> .Erie & W.. 18% Am Tobacco ....:. 117
Do prefd (I Do prefd .. 137
Lake Shore 200'4!Cons Gas ........ 200%
Louis & Nash €B%|f'om Cable Co 190
Manhattan L 113*4 Col F & Iron . 3iU
Met St Ry 111% 1 Do prefd ... "93
Mich Cent 115 Ger. Electric lio«
Minn & St L 14% Haw Coml Co OHV4
Do Ist prefd .... 98 Brooklyn R T.... W
Mo Pacific 47 Intnl Paper 65
Mobile & Ohio .... 39% Do prefd .. <■*
Mo X * T 14%:Laclede Oa« ..I"! A
Do prefd 35% Lead 38
N J Central 101 : Do prefd ....:...113«
N V Central' 134 INat Lin Oil . . f
N T Chi & S L.... 15 Pacific Mail 53%
Do Ist prefd .... 72 People's Gas 115%
Do 2d prefd 37 Pullman Pal . 157
Vor West 19 Sliver Cert 55%
No Amer Co 7% Standard R & T . 10
No Pacific 62>4 Sugar 13.1%
Do prefd ...* — SO'i IDo prefd 112%
Ontario & W 22% T C & 1r0n........ 44%
Dr P. & Nay 49«j C S Leather f2
Or Short Line 42 1 Do prefd ... 73%
Pac Coast Ist pfd. So ( U S Rubber ....... 51%
Do 2d prefd 65 ■ prefd US
Plttsburg 180 'West Union .. 95%
R»-adin« 23%iFert St<?e! Co 52%
Da let prefd .... Sl% Do prefd »-il
R Q W *'> Of Nay prefd 76',?
Do pr»fd 71 Pac Coast 48V4
rioqk Island 11» I Colo Southern 8
St L& S W 10% Do Ist prefd .... 05
Do prefd 26%. Do 2d prefd. 22 '
, CLOSINO BONDS.
tj B 3a .' 107*»'N V Central lsts..H7V4
U 8 new 4a re*... .125% X J C 55....: m\
Do coup ....... 130 N Carolina' 6s 130
U 8 4« 112 % D 4s 104
Co coup 113H No Pao lsts ll«
Do 2ds. ex-lnt... 89 Do 8s 69%
U8 Gs re* XI2V4 Do *» 103H
Do Is coup U3V4 N V C & St L 45.. 107%
District 3.66s lNHilNor ft W «> 129
Ala L-'ass A -107 Northwestern ' oon.l44%
Do B ..-• —™1 Do deb 6s. m
Do C 1W O Nay ,lsts..-.......115%
Z» Cunww 100 P Nay 0...........1002,
Atchison 4s 101% O S Line 6s tr.....152
Do adj 45...:....: 83 O S Line 6s tr 111%
Can So 2ds 110%, Reading 4s SB l
C & O 4%s 95«>»|R G W lsts 94%
Chi Term 45... 96ii!8t L & I M con 65.111%
C & Ohio 6s 119 jst L& S F gen 65. 123%
C H & D 4H» 104% Bt P Con 162
D &'R G lsts lOSVi Bt P C A P 15t5....119
D & R G 4s 101 I Do 6s 121%
East Term 15t5....104H So Ry 6« IOC
Erie Gen 4s 74% I Stand R & T 65... 90
FW & D lsts tr... 87 Term new set 35... 95
1 Jen Eleo 5s 112% Tex Pac L G lsts..
(1 H & 8 A 6s 108 Do R* 2ds 49
Do 2ds 107 Union Pac 4s 104%
H4TC 5s 110 UPD & G lats... 01
Do con 6s 110 jWab Ist 6s 116 M.
lowa C 15t5.. ......110 Do 2ds 99%
La new con 45....108U'!CV Shore 4s U2Si
L & N Unl 4s 96V:Va Centuries f»%
Missouri P con 65.114H Do deferred 8
M X *; T 2ds 69%iWls Cent lsts 61%
Do 4s 93!« Colo Southern 45.. 66%
MINING STOCKS. jv|
Chollar 24iOntnxlo 560
Crown Point 14 Ophir 65
Con Cal & Va.'. 140 Plymouth ..:....... 10
Deadwood 80 Quicksilver 150
Gould & Curry 25 Do prefd 460
Hale & Norcross.. 20 Sierra Nevada 75
Homestake 60 00 Standard 2 10
Iron Silver Union Con 34
Mexican 32; Yellow Jacket IE
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Do prefd 63^
Call loans 2 @3 Ed Elec Tel.: 199%
Time loans 2%@4 Gen Elec prefd 156
Stocks— Atch prefd 61
Atch Top &St Fe. 22Vi Bonds— (
\mer Sugar 1Z2% Wis Cent 65. .'. 69%
Do prefd 113 Mining Shares-
Bay State Gas 3% Allouez Mln C 0.... 10%
t?ell Tel 310 Atlantic 43%
Boston & Albany. .2s3 Boston & Mont. 345
Boston & Maine. ..l7l Rutte & 805t0n.... »0%
Boston L: ES Calumet £ Hec1a..750
Thl Bur & Q 136V4 Centennial 34
Fltchburg 115 Franklin 28 ;
Ben Electric 110 Old Dominion...... 39
Uexlcan Central... 7% psceola ....103
NY & N Eng 100 VVinona '.. 18
Old Colony '..200 .Tamarack 246
Rubber 62 Wolverine 49
I'nlon Pac... 46*4 i Parrott 89
VVe»t End 92% Humboldt 2V4
Do prefd 11l Adventure 9)4
Westingh Eleo 44%! .
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 31.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London ' financial ' cablegram says:
There was less activity in the. markets here to
day. The tone was reactionary early, but the
clc>ee was firmer. 1 The movements were small,
however, except In specialties. Americans
were sold early and were very quiet until after |
hours in the street, when they turned .good. i
The only excitement was in Central Pacific, j
which was bought heavily by arbitrage dealers. |
It 'was said that the scheme of reorganization ;
has been decided on and would be out in a !
week or fortnight. An unnamed rumor has" it
that one Central Pacific share will get one j
Southern Pacific share and 20 per cent of 4
per cent Southern Pacific bonds to be iet-ued ;
and that there will be no assessment. This is |
regarded in good quarters as absurd, but the
market talks of Central Pacific at 65.
Copper Jumped a pound. TintOl were 37%.
Anacondas touched 9 3-16 and closed at 8!£.
The two large corporations organized last
week with an aggregate ' capital of ' $50,000,000 i
for 4 the purpose of making enamel ware In
Competition with each other are about to be •
amalgamated, - all the differences between the
organizers of the two corporations having, it is
said, been ' settled. The companies concerned
are the National Enameling and Stamping j
Company, capital $30,000,000, and the National I
Tin Plate and Enamel Ware Company, with a j
capital of $20,000,000. With the first-named I
company Is included in the arrangement the
St. Louis Tin Plate Company, with a capital
of $1,000,000.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, BS%: Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 53%; Union Pacific preferred, 82%; Grand
Trunk. ~\; bar silver easy, 27 7-16 d per ounce;
money, 1% per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Jan. 31.— FLOUR— 22,
--893 barrels; exports, 15J9. Moderately active,
but weaker and lower. Winter patents, $3 85@
5 10; winter straights. $3 65@3 75; Minnesota ;
patents, $4 10®4 60; winter extras. $4 17 1 - : 34 50.
WHEAT— 415.600 bushels: exports. ;
202.601. Spot weak; No. 2 red, 83% c f. o. b. |
afloat to arrive. Options opened weak under j
bearish cables and,. the Government crop report, j
Liquidation began early and continued all day. i
supplemented by local and foreign short sell
ing, bearish Liverpool cables and light clear
ances. The cash trade was neglected by ex
porters. March, 81%<§82%c; closed, 81% c. May,
78ty5'80»-.ie; closed, 78% c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL-Steady. > ■
METALS — As the week progresses the market
for metals dally gains strength and exhibits
activity. To-day the upward movement was
most pronounced. Copper led. with a rise of
25 to 50 points; tin jumped 25 points, and lead
17^ to 25 points. Spelter was slower of action,
but at the close had Bcored a gain of 6 to 10
points. Strong news from the West, very fav
orable English advices and pressing demand
were again the chief cautes for the better feel
ing. At the close the metal exenange called
pig iron warrants firm »t $8 50 nominal; lake
copper strong and higher with $16 50 bid and
$17 asked; tin strong and higher, with $24 E0
bid and $24 75 asked: lead strong and higher,
with $4 25 bid and $4 75 asked; spelter strong
and higher with $5 70 bid and $5 80 asked.
The brokers price for copper is $17, and for
lead $4 25.
COFFEE — closed barely .steady, un
changed to 5 points lower. Sales, 19,750 bags. 1
Including March. $5 SOA6 65; April. $5 70; May.
$5 75@5 SO; September. $6 05®6 10: October, $6 10;
November, $6 15: December, 6 25@6 30.
SPOT COFFEE— KIo. steady No. 7 Invoice.
6%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 7%c; mild, steady; Cor
dova, 7V914c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm: fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal. 4%c; molasses sugar, 3 ft- 16c; refined
sugar, firm: mold A. 5%c; standard A. 4%c; :
confectioners' A, 4%c; cut-loar, 6%c; crushed,
6%c; powdered, 6%c; granulated. sc; cubes, 6%c.
BUTTER— 7723 packages. Elglns
19c: factory, 12@14c.
EGOS— Receipts, 7242 packages; steady. West
ern, 19% c; southern. 17>i@18%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 31.— California dried fruits
steady. •
EVAPORATED APPLES-Firm. 7<fßc; prime,
wire tray, B%@9c: choice, 9%@9%c; fancy, 9%@
10c.
PRUNES— 3%@IOc.
j APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll@14c; Moo^park, 139nc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9#llc; peeled, 22@25c.
■ CHICAGO MARKET.
1 CHICAGO. Jan. 31.— The Government report,
! which showed a yield of 375,000,000 bushels of
t wheat last year, gave wheat a weak start.
j May opened %®%c lower, at 76%@76%c, and as
] the outlook was rendered more unfavorable by
I a sharp slump at Liverpool; May declined to
■ 76c. The extremely cold weather, with the
! unprotected condition of the winter wheat,
! caused more or less apprehension of damage !
to the plant, and as there were many reports I
to that effect buying became quite general,
while May advanced slowly to 76% c. As the
session advanced foreigners were reported to
be selling at the seaboard, while New York.
St.-' Louis and the Northwest had liberal selling
orders here. That discouraged holders and a
season of active liquidation set in, which car
ried prices off pretty steadily. Bradstreet's vle
lble showed 272,000 bushels decrease in stocks
of wheat in this country and 400,000 decrease in
and afloat for Europe. Longs abandoned their I
holdings and the selling became so aggressive
that May Flld off to 74%@74?ic, where it closed,
a decline of 2%@2>/ic for the day.
Bearish Government figures and the low Liv
erpool cables started corn weak. A good de
mand from commission houses sprang up and
the market developed a good deal of strength.
The radical weakness In wheat near the close
displaced all other considerations and the de
cline was rapid. May closed Vi6%c lower.
There was considerable liquidation in oats,
and as the buying was scattered the market
ruied weak and lower. May lost %c.
There was nothing in the provisions situa
tion to disturb holders, but the opening de
cline 1n wheat and subsequent much heavier
loss in value of that commodity demoralized
weak holders and a decline set in all around
Pork declined 17Hc, lard 10c and ribs 7V4@loc.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 76%' 76% 74% 74%
July 73% 74% 72% 72%
Corn No. 2— |;; "
January : >« 36^ 35% 3514
May S8 88% 37% 27%
July 38% 3S# 37% 37%
Oats No. 2 —
May 28 28% 27% 27%
July ...- 26V4 26% 26% 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May ....10 40 •10 47% 10 35 10 36
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 585 6 87% 580 6TO
July 600 600 6 92%- E 92%
• t Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 615 5 17% 6 12% 6 12%
July ...... ...... 525
Cash quotations were as follows: .
Flour, easy. ■ moderate demand; No. 2 eprlngi
wheat, 72»4.<573Vic: No. 3 fiprlng wheat, 67©7''Hc-'
No. 2 red.,74H<275c; No. 2 corn, 37c; No 2 oat
27'4®28c; No. 2 white, 30@31c; No. 3 white 2)«
<g3o%c; Na. 2 barley. 42@51%c; No. 1 flax's-edS |
$1 14%: prime timothy seed. $2 35@2 40: fnfsa i
pork, per barrel. $10 10310 15; lard, pef noo i
pounds, $5 60@5 65; nhort rib sides, loose. »l.va
t 05; dry salted shoulders, boxed. 4%@4%c- Wiort
clear sides, boxed,- $5 10<3>5 15: whisky,' distillers'
finished goods, per gallon. $1 27.
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments'
Flour, barrels 20.000 20 00(
Wheat, bushels ~. 74.000 11 000
Corn, bushels...: ;....... 640, 000 , 332000
Oats, bushels.'.... 359.000 '26»000
Rye bushels..... 20,000 37 000
Barley, bushels ........ 59\000 18,000
On the Produce Exchange, to-day the. Butter
market was steady; creameries, 13® 18% c: dair
ies, 10%®l«c. E«frs, firm; fresh, iSc Cheese,
steady; creams, BJi®Uc.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBKUARY 1, 1899.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Reoeipts. Shipment*.
Cities— , Bushels. hels.
Minneapolis 181.500 39,010
Duluth :.. ....;. 130.238 ■:
Milwaukee . 46.200 5.500
Chicago ....;........ 74.280 11.150
Toledo 24,204 32,000
St. Louis 12,000 18.000
Detroit 13,489 1,944
Kansas City 65,500 62.0«0
Totals .......687.401 159.604
Tidewater —
Boston 52.183
New York 249.600 202.601
Philadelphia 53.489 3.944
Baltimore 48,507 32.000
New Orleans
Galveston : ... —
Totals .447,627 238,545
LIVERPOOL. FUTURES.
' Wheat— • March. May.
Opening 5 11% 5 10
Closing 5 10% 5 9%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour — . : .-; . Jan. -June.
Opening 45 15 45 65
Closing 45 35 45 80
Wheat-
Opening 21 55 i 21 70
Closing 2160 2175
AVAILABLE GRAIN. SUPPLIES.
NEW YORK, Jan. 31.— Special and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreet's indicate the
following changes In available supplies lost
week : -,-•.;-
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
Rocklee, -decrease, 299,000 bushels: afloat for
and In Europe, decrease. 400,000; total supply,
decrease, 699,000.
Corn. United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increase, 664,000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, returns incomplete.
The aggregate stocks of wheat held at Port
land, Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., de
creased 217,000 bushels last week.
THE RAISIN OUTLOOK. ,
NEW TORK, Jan. SL— Th« Journal of Com
merce pays:
It Is said by a number of local distributors
that the Rai6ln Growers' Association has been
a success so far as It has shown Its ability to
maintain prices, yet there Beems a good doal
of dissatisfaction expressed In EaHtern trade
with the methods employed by that organiza
tion, the chief of which appears to be that
there ■ was so much of ungraded goods sold at
a compratlvely low price that it prevented the
holders of graded stock disposing of their
goods as freely or as at full prices as they
thought they should. As a large percentage
of loose muscatel raisins now- go Into con
sumption in seeded form, the fact of there
being two grades loose, is said to have thrown
the bulk of the trade, of .seeders lately to the
Pacific as being cheaper and apparently in
seeded form as acceptable 'to consumers as
graded goods. The best trade,' however, has
always discriminated . between the two, with
the result that while seeded stock prepared
from graded raisins has found a .good outlet
and loose graded muscatels have sold well, un
graded or Pacific, on account of comparatively
low prices, has curtailed consumption of the
former to a considerable extent. Some specula
tion as to whether the, association will be able
to maintain Its position for another season or
• not in view of the -antagonism -'to its methods
developed In Eastern markets during the past
few months is being Indulged In.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
1 CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Jan. CATTLE ruied strong at
yesterday's advance. Sales were on a • basis
of }4@'4 75 for common beef steers up to $5 60
(go 60 for better grades, with prime beeves
bringing $656 20; bulls, $2 70@4 25; cows and
heifers, $3 30@4: Western fed steers. $4 10®
5 S5; Texas steers. $3 75@5 10; calves, $3 50<g>7.
HOGS averaged fully 10c lower. Fair to
choice, $3 £0(83 95: packing lots. •' $3 60@3 75:
mixed. $3 60®3 75; butchers. $3 624<<?" 87%; light,
$3 55@3 S5; pigs, $3 25@3 67-,. . ■
SHEEP and lambs soid decidedly higher than
yesterday. Inferior to prime sheep, $2 60^4 20;
Western feeders. $4 35; ewes. $3 75@3 90; year
hns:s. J4 10f?4 50; lambs,' $4!?5 05.
Receipts— Cattle, 3000; hogs. 35,000; sheep, 13,
--000. „ ■
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Jan. 31.— The wool market here
holds steady, with a rather firm undertone
apparent, but the volume of sales continues
moderate. Territory wools hold steady in
price and moderate lots are being picked up as
wanted. Australians are firm, but sales are
somewhat slow. Quotations: •
Territory wools— Montana, fine, medium and
fine, 14'al6c; scoured price, 43c; staple, 476'48c;
I'tah. Wyoming, etc., fine, medium and fine,
13(S?15c; scoured price, 43c; staple, 47@48c.
Australian wools, scoured Combing, su
perfine, 70@72c; good, 60@6Sc; average, 60@65c.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, Jan. 31.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day consisted of a good all
round selection. There was extreme competi
tion for good medium wool, especially by the
continental buyers. Scourwl Merinos clothing
was sougnt by Germany, and the French buy
ers purchased some combing at higher . rates.
The American operators were small buyers.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jan. 31.— Consols. 11l 8-18; silver,
27 7-16 d; French rentes, 102 f@lo2f.l6c. Wheat
cargoes off coast, buyers Indifferent operators;
cargoes on passage, quieter.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 31.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
standard California, 6s 9%d@88 lOd; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, firm; French
country markets, quiet. -
COTTON— Uplands, 3 9-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures closed steady. March. 6s
10% d: May, 5s fi\d. . .
WHEAT— Spot steady; No. 1 California. 6s
r^dt/lOd; No. 2 red western winter, dull 6s
3'» d: No. 1 red northern spring. 6s l%d.
CORN— Spot quiet: American mixed, new, 3s
lOd; old do, 3s 10% d; futures steady: February
(new crop), 3s B%d; March, 3s B%d; May, 3s
7 vfid.
FLOUR— Louis fancy winter steady.
7s 9d.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days
255,000 centals, including 340,000 American.
Receipts of American corn during ■ the past
three days, 143,000 centals. v
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 31.— Clearances, $328,
--241; balances, $52,380. " ;r .
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 31.— Locally there
were sales of Walla Walla wheat made at 60c
in the morning, but there was more offered
than was taken, and most of the exporters
were inclined to name 59c as a top figure
with some •indifference about doing business
even on that basis. Blumstem. 62@63c.
CLEARED— Ship Merienth, with 76.542 bush
els wheat, for United Kingdom; ship Queen
Elizabeth, with 99,062 bushels wheat, for Ant
werp.
The total wheat shipments for January, flour
included, were 1,179.171 bushes, compared with
2,025,652 bushels in 1898. ,
WASHINGTON. •' '
TACOMA, Jan. • WHEAT— CIub, 69% c:
bluestem. 62%@G3%c.
. CLEARED— British steamer Tartar. for
Hongkong, with R0.9C0 sacks flour; British ship
Westgate, for Cape Town for orders, with
102,070 bushels wheat. .
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION. V;-~
Sterling Exchange. ■ '■ days "... — ■ $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight '.....— 4 Bf>
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 17V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — * 20 ■
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 59<4
Mexican Dollars — • 47V4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— lower and dull on
the spot at the nnmlnal quotation of 255, usual
opttonß. The chartered wheat- fleet In port has
a registered tonnage of 11,500, against 35,300
tons on the same date last year; disengaged,
33,150 tons, against 19,500; on the way to this
port, 143,300 tons, against 189,700. -. . .
■ WHEAT — is no more boom. The East
ern markets have quieted down and quotations
are lower. Selling Is the order . of the day.
This market shares the depression and prices
are lower all around. ■
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 12V401 15: milling:.
$1 17 1 ,4@1 20 per ctl.
CALL. BOARD SALES.. .
Informal Session— 9:ls ■'• o'clock— May— l6,ooo
Ctlß, $1 17%; 4000, $1 17%. . ■
Second Session— May— 26,ooo ctls, U 17%; 4000.
$1 f3%\ --.000. 17; 10,000, $1 17H. .
.Regular Morning Session — May — ctls,
Sfl6%; 40.000, $1 17; 10.C00, $1 17H: 2000. $117%.
/Afternoon Session— May— 4ooo ctls, Si 16%; 16,
- U 16%. .-■ -• .- ■' - ■--. -V v:
BARLEY— Futures declined again. Dealers
still hold the spot market up hv main strength,
for there Is little demand. ' ■<■'<-. -
Feed, $1 27V.f(il 30; Brewing, mlnal. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls ' o'clock— Seller '99,
new— ctls, SS^c. ', • '• '
Second Session — No. sales. ...
Regular Morning , Session— Seller 599,S 99, new—
4000 ctls, 89% c;. 8000, 89% C. . ..
Afternoon Session— '99, new— l2,ooo ctls,
88% c: 2000, 88% c: 4000. 88% c; 2000. 88% c. ....
OATS— Though the market Is extremely dull,
holders do not give way. I for it | Is well under
stood that stocks up north are greatly reduced.
Fancy Feed, $1 35@1 37V4 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 30@l 32Vi; common, $1 27V4 ; Surprise,
»1 42%@1 50; Gray, $1 30@l 85; Milling, $1 32V4®
1 35 pcr ■ ctl: Red, $1 55@1 65; Black, U 60@l 75.
. Receipts from < the East continue in
excess of the demand, and > the , market rule*,
dull In consequence. Prices are unchanged.
. . Bmail round XcJlow, (1 U; Eutna Urs* Xai-
T in niHiii iMi'wminmii fii<rini»r'iii i ir rr^iii n nm ';
low, $1 10; White. $1 10; mixed, $1 074@l 10 p«r
ctl: California White, $1 I'2'i. ■
RYE— .and nominnl i- .; M ir,'.?i 1«i per
ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI
FLOUR' AND MILLBTUFFS..
Prices remain without change. In spite of
the many fluctuations in the raw products
aJonR back.
FLOUR — Family extras, $4 IS@4 26; bakers'
extras!; $3 90@4. .:"-•.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are aa fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flo/ir, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 E0; Hominy, $3 2S@3 60; Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina,
$4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 85©6 25; in Backs, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $1 50
per 100 pounds. : ■ '
J HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Haj. continues weak In spite of moderate re
ceipts}. The prospects of more rain add to the
weakness. Bran and Middlings axe unchanged.
BRAN— S2O 50(g'2l 50 per ton.
MII*DLINGS-$22(§24 per ton. . iv.V-*
FEKDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26(g>27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50:
Jobbir.g. $82<S'32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@26; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal,
$23 60<524 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed,
$20 6OOZI.
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat, $16@17 50 for
good to choice and $14ff16 for lower grades; no
fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $14^16; Oat,
$13 50614 50; Island Barley. $13^14; Alfalfa, $12
<gl3; Stock, none; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13 50@14 50; Cheat,
$12<H12 60; Alfalfa, ; Oat, $13014; Clover.
$1150<g>12; Timothy, $12®13 60 per ton.
STRAW— per bale.. .
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Alfalfa Seed has again advanced, the demand
being good. Other Seeds are unchanged. Beans
stand' the same, with a light demand. '-;:■•.- •
BEANS— Bayos, $1 85@1 95; Small Whites, $2
@2 15: Large Whites, $1 75@1 86; Pinks, $2<3>
2 10; Reds, |3 30@3 35; Blackeye, $3 75; Butters,
$2 2o<g-2 50; Limas, $3 20@3 25; Pea, $2 35@2 50;
Red Kidneys. $2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Mustard. $4 50@4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard, $3 75@4; Flax, nominal: Canary
Seed 2%©2% c per 1b: Alfalfa. B@B%c: Rape,
2Vt@2%c- Hemp, 24@3c; Timothy, 6@54c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 65@1 70; Green. $2 10
per ctl. - >
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions are weak and dull at
the reduced prices. Vegetables are In better
supply. ;'.;*'" •■» ~L-£"±i
POTATOES-$1 15@1 25 per " ctl for Early
Rose; So®9oc per sack for River Burbanks;
Petaluma Burbanks, So®9oc; Oregon, 75c3>$l;
Sweet Potatoes, $1 75 for Merced; New Pota
toeß, I^rS2c per Ib.
ONIONS— 35<a 60c per sack; Oregons, 60®90c
per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 4®6c: String
Beans, 10@15c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes, $1®
1 75 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant. 10S12&C per
lb; Garlic, 4@6c per lb; Dried Okra, 15c per lb;
Green Peppers, 6@Sc per tt>; Dried Peppers, 7®
124 c; Marrowfat Squash, $25<i?30 per ton; Car
rots. 25@350 per sack; Mushrooms, 10@20c
per lb.
POULTRT AND GAME.
Poultry declined again, the free receipts from
the East thus far this week having depressed
the market. Game was also dull.
Another car of Eastern Poultry sold at $5 75®
6 50 for Hens, $6 60@7 for young Roosters, $5
for old Roosters, $5 So@6 for Fryers. $5 50 for
Ducks, $2 50 for Geese, and 12@124c per lb for
Turkeys.
POULTRT — Dressed Turkeys. 12@15c; live
Turkeys. ll®l2c for GobhlPrs and 12ij?124c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 60@l 75: Ducks, $4 50
@5 50; Hens, $4!g5; young Roosters. $5 60@8;
Fryers. $4 6005; Broilers, $4@4 60 for large, $3®
350 for small ; Pigeons, $I@l 25 per dozen for
old and $2ig'2 25 for Squabs. / . ■
GAME— Quail. $1 25<S'l 60: Mallard. $2 60®3:
Canvasback. $3@7; Sprig. $1 2.=1@1 50: Teal. $1 50;
Widgeon, 1 $I@l 25; Small Duck, 75c(S'$l; English
Snipe. $2 50: Jack Snipe. $1 25; Gray Geese.
J2@2 60; White Geese, 75c-Efsl: Brant. $1 25®
1 50; Honkers, $3@4; Hare. 75c(?f$l; Rabbits,
$1 60 for Cottontails and $I@l 25 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is no further change In ' Butter, but
fine goods- rule firm. Cheese is weak, but no
lower. Eggs are off again, with sellers making
concessions.
RUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 24®25e; eec
onds. 22-<j23c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 19@20c; common
grades, 14018 c.
Pickled Goods— 17@lSc; pickled roll.
17@18c for dairy and 19@20c for creamery
squares: creamery tub. nominal.
EastPrn — Ladle packed, ' 16®16V40 per
TT>; F.lgln. nominal.
CHEESE-Cholce mild new. ll%!?12c: old. 10
@llc; Cream Cheddar. • 12® 12V4c; Young Amer
ica. 130Uc; Eastern. 10@12c. • .. ■.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 26i@'27'4c per dozen; store
Eggs. 23@23c; Eastern. 21<g'224a
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Oranges are In better pupply again and quiet
er. - Lemons are not very active. Limes con
tinue scarce. Apples are In liberal supply and
quiet. **f- ::;.,, •.-..».
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 35@76c for common. $I^l 25 per box
for No- 1 and $1 &o®l 75 for. choice.
Pears— soc(f?sl per bo:,-.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $1 50@2 75
ppr box; SeedlinKs. $101 60; Mandarins. $1 25
ff?l BO; Lemons, 75c(35l 50 for common and $2^3
for good to choice: Mexican Limes, $6 50@7;
California Limes, ooc@sl per small box; Grape
Fruit. $I©2: Bananas, $1 26@2 60 per bunch;
Pineapples, $2<g4 50 per dozen.
PRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Apricots and Peaches are reported very firm
in Npw York, with. light stockß. Prunes are
steady and in moderate demand. Otherwise
there is nothing new.
DRIED FRUITS— 64c for 40-50' s, 44
@4%c for 50-60' s, 3Vi@3&c for 60-70's, 24@2%c for
70-80's. 2%@2%c for SO-90's, 2®2Vic for 90-100's
and l%@2c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, 24131
sc; Peaches, 6@74c for good to choice, 74@8c
for fancy and 10@124c for peeled; Apricots, 10
<Rl2>4c . for - Royals and 13V4c for Moorpark;
Evaporated Apples, 7*4@74c; sun dried, 4@4V4c;
Black .Figs, Backs. 2@2V4c: Plums, 4&@60 for
pitted and l@l%c for unpltted: Nectarines, 6®
7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6®Bc for quarters
and B@9c for halves. ' : ■
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown. 6%e for four-crown, 6Vi@6Hc for Seed
less Sultanas, 44c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2&'93c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per Ib; Walnuts, 7@Bc
for hardshell, 9®loc for softshell; Almonds,
7@Bc for hardshpll, 13@14c for softshell, 15@16c
for paper-shell: Peanuts, 65|7c for Eastern and
4%@5c for California: Cocoanuts. -$4 50®5. •
HONEY— 10@llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 64®
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, 6@64c
P BEESWAX- 24@26c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
Cottolene . In tierces has advanced, but re
mains unchanged in casea. The other descrip
tions' stand aa before, and the demand Is
nothing extra. C r )-?k\
CURED MEATS-Bacon, 74c per Ib for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light. 104 c
for extra light and • 12@124c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10(p'104c: Cali
fornia Hams. 9@loc; Mess Beef, $9 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $10; Family Beef, $12 60; extra
Prime Pork, $11; extra clear, $16; mess, $15;
Smoked Beef, lie per Ib.
LARD— quoted at 4%@5%c per Ib for
compound and 7@Bc for pure; half barrels,
pure, B%c: 10-lb tins, B>/4c; 6-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6%@6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb palls, 60 in a case, 94c:
8-lb palls, 20 in a case, h%c; 5-lb pails, 12 In a
case, B%c; 10-lb palls, 6 In a case, B%c: 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, 84c; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, T%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hops contlnuo dull, both here and in the
East. Hides are unchanged. A local circular
says of Wool: • "The ; Wool market. If any
change can be noted, Is somewhat quieter, de
spite the fact that there has been some scour
ing Wools bought on ri much lower basis
than they could have been had ror . two weeks
' ago. Reports from . the . East are •so gloomy
that they tend to keep, any would-be-specula
tors out of the market. Scoured Wools, are re
ported unsalable . in the Eastern market, and
until some business can be - done in scoured
Wool not much Wool will be moving."
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, B@B4c; Cowhides.
84@9c: Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf. 10c;
dry Hides, sound, 16c; >- Culls and Brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf,
17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@30c each; short
Wool,' 35@60c each; medium. 70@90c; long Wool,
Soc®sl 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 for
largo and $1 for small; Col ts, ■ 25@50c; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 25@1 75 . for / large and $1 for
small. ' •'
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3V4<!?34c per Ib-
No. 2, 24c: refined. 4%@5c; Grease, 2c. .
WOOL— Spring ' clips— Southern Mountain. ' 12
months, 7<S9c; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months, B®9c ; Foothill and Northern, ; free, ■• 12
<gil4c: Foothill and Northern, defective, 9iftlic;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14@15c; Nevada, 9®
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c. . ■ (
■ Fall Wools— . . ' . . •..-..■ • \ '
Humboldt and Mendocino 9©U
Northern Mountain B@lO
Southern ... l 6® 7%
Plains :.-... — v...... .:.."............ 6@ 8
HOPS— IB9B crop, 10@12o per Ib for ordinary,
124@13c for good . and 14@160 for choice to
fancy from first hands. r ••
. SAN : FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
I ; Everything on the list la firm and selling:
well at full figures. Hogs are scarce all over
• Urn £ta.U and aa «xts* g&oi lot would bring So.'
There haa been very little Spring Lamb re
ceived here thus far. Beef rules firm again. .
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 7c; second quality, 6(3
6Hc: third quality, 5@54c.
VEAL— Large, 7@Bc; small. 7@Bc per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. B@B4c; Ewes, 74@8c.
LAMB— B4@9c per Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4i-4@44c for large, 4%@
4%c for medium and 34^40 for small; stock
Hogs, 34®3^4c; dressed Hogs, 6@7c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 5Hc spot and
64c future; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San Quentin
Bags, $4 96.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 60; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 60;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, %& 60@9 in bulk and
$10@10 26 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg, $14; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs
and Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In
bulk and $14 in sacks.
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 9c; Sisal, B%c; Duplex,
7V4c basis.
CANNED FRUITS— $1 Ss@l 50 . for
black and $1 60@l SO for white; Peaches, $1 40@
1 75; Pears, $1 45@1 50; Apricots, $1 Ss@l 60;
Plums, 95c@$l 15.
CANNED VEGETABLES — Peas, 85c@$l 25;
Asparagus, $1 60@l 75: Tomatoes, 85@90c. ■
COFFEE — Costa Rica, 16@16c nominal for
prime washed; 134<g>144c J nominal for good
washed; 124(5'15c for good to prime washed
rcaberry; li@il%c for good peaberry; HH<ff'l3o
for good to prime; lOjTllc nominal for good
current mixed with black beans; ,9@lo^c for
fair; 64<£S4c for common to ordinary. Salva
ll@l3c nominal for good to prime washed;
B®loc for fair washed; 104<S'114c for good to
prime washed peaberry; B%c nominal for su
perior unwashed; B@B%c for good green un
washed; 94@10c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— B@B%c' nominal for good
to superior unwashed: 94®10c nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala
and Mexican— l64@l74c for prime to fancy
washed new crop; l*4@l6c for good to strictly
good washed new crop;' 114®14c for -good to
strictly good washed old crop; 9@llo for fair
washed old crop: 7@B%c.for medium old crop;
6@6 7 *c for inferior to ordinary old crop; 10®
114 c for good to prime washed peaberry old
crop; 94®10c for good unwashed peaberry old
crop; B@B^c for good to superior unwashed old
crop.
PACIFIC CODFISH— 4c: cases, se
lected, 44c; Imitation Eastern, 6\ic: boneless,
54c; strips, 5%@74c: blocks. 6% @7c; tablets,
74c; middles, G4©&4c per lb; desiccated. 874 c
per dozen; pickled cod, barrels, each, $8;
pickled cod, half barrels, each, $4 60.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 25@28c per Ib;
Sole Leather, medium, 24@25c; Sole Leather,
light, 23®25c; rough • Leather, heavy, 24@25c;
rough Leather, light. 23@24c; Harness Leather,
heavy, 32(g34c; Harness Leather, medium, ' 30®
32c: Harness Leather/light, 27®29c; Collar
Leather. 14@16c per foot: Kip. finished. 40@45c
per lb: Veal, finished, 60®55c; Calf, finished.
75c@$l: Sides, finished, 16#17c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits, 14@18c; Rough Splits. 8(3!0c.
OlL— California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1, 95c;
barrels. 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
I.lneeed Oil, In barrels, boiled, 54c: raw, 52c;
cases, 6c more: Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels, B6c; No. 1, 46c; cases. 6c more; China
Nut. 45@55c per gallon: Pure Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c: . No. 1, barrels. R6c;
cases, 60c: Sperm, crude. 60c; natural white,
40c; bleached white, 45c; Whale Oil, natural
white, 40c; bleached white, 45c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white ■. and • house colors, $125®
$1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2@2 25 per
gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water WhltP Coal Oil, in bulk. 124 c per
cßllon- Pearl Oil, In cases, 174 c; Astral Oil,
174 c; Star Oil. 174 c; Extra Star Oil, 214 c:
Eimne OH. 224 c; Eocene Oil, 194 c; Deodorized
Stovo Gasoline, in bulk, 154 c; In cases. 21c:
Benzine, in bulk, 15c; cases, 20c; 86-degree
Garollne. In bulk, 21c; In cases. 26c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz,
7!ic; Cs. 14 oz, 6%c: 6s, 12 oz, 6c; 6s, 10 oz,
5V;c. Ornnlte (Mining) Candles— 16 oz, 9^c;
6s. 14 oz, SVie; 6s. 12 oz, 74c: 6s, 10 oz, 6%c;
Paraffine Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s, 6s, white,
9Hc: 12s, 1040; colored, lc higher.
WHI'IE LEAD— Quoted at 6@7c per Ib.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 64c; In Iron barrels,
59c; in wooden barrels, 61c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 49c; raw, barrels,
47c: cas»s, 5c more. . «,
QUICKSILVER— S42 per flask ' for local use
and $r:;:<ST3S M) for export. - ; . ■
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Rpflnlng Com
peny quotef, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine CiuMied, 6 T ,f,c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c: Dry Granulated. 5%c: Con
fectioners'- A. 6?£c: California A, 54c; Magno
lia A, 5%c: Extra C, 6Vic; Golden C. 6%c; half
barrels, V t c more than barrels, and boxes 4c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or. its equivalent.'. ■.■;\'-y.#~ :
LUMBER.
I/UMBER — prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $15 50@18; extra -sizes, higher;
Redwood, $17 for No. l and $14®15 for No. 2;
Lath. 4 feet. $2 20#2 30: Pickets, $14; Shingles,
$1 35 for common and $2 25 for fancy; Shakes,
for BDllt and $10 50 for sawn; Rustic, Jls
®21.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, January H. .
Flour, qr sks 9,370 Pelts, bdls '522
Wheat, ctls ...... 110 Hides, No 987
Barley, ctls 1,360 Eggs, doz 9.540
Tallow, ctls 237 Quicksilver, flks. 163
Cheese, ctls 16 Leather, rolls .... 106
Potatoes, sks ... L 462 ! Wine, gals ...... 93,300
Onions, sks 212 j Lime, bbls 182
Shorts, sks 148; Chicory, bbls .... 10
Hay. tons 297 Sugar, bags 2,000
Wool, boles 60
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 1.6321 Shorts, sks 148
Potatoes, sks 87: Wool, bales E
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls ....... 3,5001 •'';■>
WASHINGTON.
Oats,~ctls S.OOOHay, tons 28
Bran, sks ....... 1,725 Hops, bales ..... 300
THE STOCK MARKET.
Speculation was again active on the Bond
Exchange. Better quotations ruled for Eqult
abl* Gas, Hana Plantation and Hawaiian Com
mercial. Gas and Electric was weaker. Mu
tual Electric was irregular and ranged between
$11 60@12 75. Oceanic Steamship rose to $73.
Mining stocks were Irregular, some selling
better and others falling off. Sierra Nevada
rose to 90c. but dropped back again.
At the annual meeting of the Investment
Board,' on January 30. the following officers
were re-elected: Frank Pauson, president; Jo
seph B. Toplitz, vice president; M. H. Gross
mayer, chairman; Fred Rodda, secretory; Nat
Boas, treasurer. -.s'■*'■,'':
At the annual meeting of the Belcher Mining
Company yesterday 78,000 out of 95,000 shares
of outstanding stock were represented. The
old management was re-elected, as follows:
James Newlands, W. G. Morrow, J. P. Martin,
George D. Edwards and James Newlands Jr.
James Newlands Sr. was elected president,
W. >G. Morrow vice president, F. E. Dettz sec
retary, W. E. Sharon superintendent and the
Bank of California as the depository of funds.
The following local incorporations disbursed
dividends during the past month:
Per
■■ .'-Xj -'• share. Amount.
American Bank and Trust C0...5l 00 $4,268
Bank of California.... 3 00 90.000
California Safe Deposit 150 15,000
Crocker- Woolworth Nat. Bank.. 4 00 40,000
Columbian Banking Co . . 3 00 1.800
First National Bank. 5 00 75,000
Nevada National 8ank..... 3 60 105.000
Wells Fargo & Co ...3 00 240,000
Fireman's Fund Insurance Co.. 3 00 30,000
Pacific Surety C 0............ 160 1,500
Gas Consumers' Association — 15 2,025
Oakland Gas Co 25 7,500
Pacific Gas Improvement Co — 60 15,000
Pacific Lighting Co 40 8,000
S. F. Gas and Electric 60 63.750
Stockton Gas and Electric...... 30 3,600
Marin County Water 75 > 4,500
San Jose Water 50 4,241
Spring, Valley Water. j 50 70,000
California-street Cable 60 6,000
Market-str.eet Rai1way........... 60 111,702
Sutter-«treet Railway 1 35 25,000
Alaska Packers' Association.... 75 36,000
Hutchinson Plantation ... 26 25,000
Natoma Vineyard C 0............ 05 3,000
Pacific Telephone 40 13.200
Sunset Telephone 25 7,500
Oceanic Steamship „ 60 12,600
Giant Powder C 0......:. 50 10,000
Alaska-Mexican Mining, Co..... 10 ' 18,000
Alaska-Treadwell Mining C 0.... 374 75,000
Apollo Mining C0'............ 40 80,000
Aetna Quicksilver Mining C 0... ' 10 10,000
Croesno Mining C 0.......... 15 35,000
Germanla Lead............. ' 75 8,750
G. V. Exploration M. Co ■ 25 7,500
Highland Mining Co 20 2o[ooo
Homestake Mining C 0...... 25 31250
Homestake Mining Co. (extra).. 25 31250
Morning Star Mining C 0......... 4 00 600
New Idria Quicksilver C 0....... 20 20 000
Napa Con. Q. Mining Co '.. 10 10000
Pennsylvania Mining Co 05 . 2 575
Plumbago Mining Co 15 ' 45000
Yellow A5ter........;............. 10 10,000
Total .$1,449,011
A summary of, the dividends 13 "annexed:
. ' ; . 1893. 1899. •
Banks... $461,800 $571,068
Insurance ........';......:.. 32,000 . 31500
Gas 99,875 99*875
Water... 76,241 . .78 741
Railroad 141,702 141702
Fish 36,000 , 36,000
Powder ....'.. 000
Sugar 20,000 000
Telephone '...... 20,700 20 700
Mining v 206,225 418 925
Miscellaneous 8,000 • 15,500
Totals $1,096,643 $1,449,011
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
. ' ' . ; TUESDAY, Jan. 31.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bld.A«lc
Bonds— ■ • lEqutt G L Co. 12 12U
4s quar coup.. 111*113^ Mutual El Co.' 124 13
4s quar reg... — — ; Oakland Gas.. 45% _
4s quar new. ..1294 — IPac Gas Imp.. 84U 84x4
3s quar c0up.. 107^107% 1 Pac L C 0...... 48 49
Miscellaneous— ,- - ,S FG & E..'.. 84% S5
Col-st Cab ss. .114% — ' San Fran...... 3"4 —
Cal Elec 65.-. 125^127^; Stockton Gas.. 11^ —
C C Wat 55.... 105 — ■ Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — — IFirem's Fund. 2124220
EL & P 6b.... 1104 — ':■ Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 65..111 — Anglo-Cal .... M — ~
Geary-Bt R 6s. — lot Bank of Ca1.. 267 4 —
-BOAS S*a- — 1M Cat SD ft T.. — 99
LALCo Bs.. — First Natlonl.2l9 —
Do gntd 65..101%102 Lon P & A... —
Market-Bt 65...126 — Mer Exchange — 1«
Do Ist M 55..116%117 Nev Nat 8k..175 —
N C N G R 75. 107 - Savings Banks— _
N Ry Cal 65..H3%114 Ger S & L...1640 1650
NRy Cal .112%114 Hum S & L.1050 ll«0
NFC R R Is.lH 106 Mutual Say.. — 41%
NPC R R 55.101%102 S F Say U.. 490 —
N C«l R R ss. 98*105 |S & L 50... - . 100
Oak Oas 55.... 109% — Security S B 300 350
Om Ry 6s 12:>%I!!»% .Union T C 0. .1375 1475
P&CI Ry 65. .104% — j Street Railroads—
P &.O 6s 109 — California — 110% —
Powell-st 65..,120 122% Geary 46 -
Sac El Ry 55.. — — Market-8t ..... o9 59%
BF4NP 55.110 — Oak SL& H. — —
SierraßCal 65.104%105% Presidio .......— 11
SPof Ar 66..111%111% Powder—
9 P C65(190;-fi)ll3^ — California 150 —
SPC 6s (1912)122V4 — E Dynamite... 87% —
SPCIs eg 55.104% — Giant Con Co. 61% 62%
S P Br 6s 123 123% Vlgorit  2% 3
S V Water 65.H9%120 : Miscellaneous—
S V "Water 45. 103% — ! A1 Pac A55n.,106%107
S V W45(3dm).101%101% Ger Ld \Vk5...170 -
Stktn Gas 65..106 — Hana PI C 0... 19% 19%
Water Stocks— H C & S Co.. 63 —
Contra Costa.. CO —. | Hutch S P Co. 34 34%
Marin Co 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. »0 —
Spring ■ Valley.loo% — Oceanic S Co. 73 —
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A.... 1 1%
Capital Gas... — — Pac C Bor Co. loo —
Cent GasllKht.los — Par Paint Co.. , 7 —
Cent L & P... 15 —
. ' • ■ Morning Session.
Board- 't.}.--
-40 Alaska Packers' Assn '. 107 00
100 Equitable Gas 12 00
, 10 Giant Powder Con 61 75
150 Hana Plantation Co 18 87%
225 Hana Plantation Co 19 00
15 Hana Plantation Co 19 12%
50 Hana Plantation Co, b 5 19 12%
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 61 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. 61 12%
40 Market Street Railway 69 50
120 Market Street Railway 59 25
62 Market Street Railway 59 00
60 Mutual Electric Light 12 00
60 Mutual Electric Light 11 75
60 Mutual Electric Light 11 50
60 Mutual Electric Light  12 50
100 Mutual Electric Light 12 75
$6000 North Ry of Cal 6 per cent bonds.. ll2 75
60 Oceanic S 8 Co 72 25
$10,000 Omnibus Cable 6 per cent bonds. 128 r»0
40 Spring Valley Water 100 76
2000 Spring Valley Water 103 75
26 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 75
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 10 84 87%
200 Vigorlt Powder 3 75
Street— :•' ?• .' --
$12,000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds. 123 00
• " Afternoon Session. • .
Board— -. ;: ; • ?■■' •■
25 Central Light & Power 15 00
50 Contra Costa Water 60 23
16 Equitable Gas 12 00
25 Equitable Gas.. 12 00
60 Giant Powder Con 6187%
100 Hana Plantation Co 19 12%
380 Hana Plantation Co IS 25
60 Hana Plantation Co. b 10....: 19 25
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 62 12%
30 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar G2 60
10 Hawaiian Commercial <Se augar 63 00
20 Market Street Railway .',!• 25
$6000 Oakland Gas 5 per cent bond* HO 00
25 Oakland Gas 4> .75
55 Oceanic S S Co 72 s<".
25 Oceanic S S Co 73 00
50 Pacific Gas Imp 84 25
60S F Gas & Electric Co. b 10 85 00
; 25 S V Water 100 75
Street—
50 Alaska Packers' Assn ..107 00
$5000 S P of C 6 per cent bonds 123 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
; ■ Board—
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 60 00
50 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 34 50
70 Equitable Gaslight 1125
60 Market Street Railway 69 50
Afternoon Session.
■ Board— %-> ; '-'•• ■;
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 60 57%
50 Equitable Gaslight 1175
50 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 10 84 76
35 Market Street Railway 59 37%
40 Hutchlnson S P Co 34 50
35 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 34 37%
25 Hutchinson S P Co 34 25
$4000 S F & S J V Ry Co 5 per cent bds.lll 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes H 200 Sierra Nevada.. 89
300 Bullion 03 600 Sierra Nevada.. M
300 Chollar ' 25 100 Sierra Nevada.. SS
200 Chollar 27 < 100 Standard 2 25
200 Con Cal & Va..l 65 200 Union Con 36
150 Con Cal & Va..l 60! 60 Utah 13
100 Gould & Curry. 28 300 Yellow Jacket.. 14
SOO Ophlr : 64 300 Yellow Jacket.. 15
Afternoon Session.
»0 Andes 15 800 Mexican 37
50 Andes 16 *00 Ophlr 61
150 Best & Belcher. 45 300 Ophir 62
150 Con Cal & Va..l B0 200 Sierra Nevada.. 84
200 Gould & Curry. 27 £00 Union Con 37
J OO Hale & Norcrs. 0» 800 Utah 14
800 Justice 11
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
j Morning Session.
500 Best & Belcher. 45 500 Hale & Norcrs. 08
JOO Best & Belcher. 43 fOO Mexican 35
tOO Best & Belcher. 42 200 Ophlr 61
200 Chollar 25! COO Sierra Nevada.. 85
JOO Con Cal A Va..l 6514C0 Union Con .... 36
800 Con Cal & Va..l 60J00 Utah 14
700 Con Cal & Va.l 67%i1000 Utah 13
fOO Gould & Curry. 27 TOO Yellow Jacket.. 15
Afternoon Session.
SOO Alpha Con 04 £00 Ophlr 61
700 Andes 14 SOO Sierra Nevada.. 84
400 Best & Belcher. 431200 Union Con 36
TOO Con Cal & Va..l 55 400 Yellow Jacket.. 14
200 Con Cal & Va.l 67% I
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Jan. 31—4 p. m. .
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con .... 03 or, Julia — 04
Alta 05 06 Justice 10 12
Andes .......... 13 15 Kentuck 08 10
Belcher 14 15 Lady Wash ... — 05 I
Benton Con .... 07 — Mexican 36 37
Best & Belcher 43 44 Occidental 24 —
Bullion — 03 Ophlr 61 62
Caledonia 22 24|Qverman 04 08
Chollar 24 Potosi 16 18
Challenge Con. 13 14 ,6avage 10 12
Confidence 66 60 Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va,l 55 1 60 Seg Belcher.... — - 03
Con Imperial.. — 02 Sierra Nevada. 83 84
Crown Point... 13 14 Silver Hill .... — 04
Con New York. — 05 Syndicate — 08
Eureka Con ... — 40 Standard 2 Ot) 225
Exchequer ..... — 03! Union Con .... 36 37
Gould & Curry. 27 28 Utah 13 14
Hale & Norcrs. . 08 09 1 Yellow Jacket. 14 15
"."-■ ':; ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
in the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
tan
ilia ]
ides j
lollar .
ivage
ale & Norcross. |
erra Nevada....
29
29
47
4 *
96
1
115
84
..Jan.
..Jan.
I ..Jan.
..Jan.
..Jan.
..Jan.
..Feb.
..Feb.
..Feb.
..Feb.
[..Feb.
..Feb.
..Jan.
(..Feb.
..Feb.
..Feb.
..Mar.
..Mar.
05
3.1
05
10
10
15
20
05
istlce !
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Blanche L. Weems (wife of James P),
Frances E. Burtis ,wlfe of R. W.) to Jean M
Taylor (wife of James I.), lot on north line of
Fulton street, 55 W of Webster, N 80 by W 40'
$10.
("hnrlos W. and Charlotte Decker to Western
Loan Association, lot on north line of Pace
street, 106:3 W of Pierce, W 25 by N 1376
--S6OOO.
Amelia Fatjo to John C. Meyer, lot on north
line of Fell street, 28 W of Masonic avenue
W X by N 100; $10.
Michael J. Sullivan to Mrs. M. J. Sullivan
(wife), lot on east line of First avenue, 100 S
of Point Lobos, S 50 by E 120; gift.
City and County oi San Francisco to Susan
Cumin, lot on southwest corner of Thirteenth
and Jessie streets, W 25:8 by S 95.
Thomas J. Walsh to Michael Condon, lot on
east line of Fair Oaks street, 160 N of Twenty
fifth. N 26 by E 125; $10.
Adam Swelgert to R. R. T. Thompson, lot on
east line of Kearny street, 22:6 N of Post, N 40
by E 60; $10.
Mrs. Peter B. Simons to Howard Presbyter
ian Society, lot on southeast line of Mission I
street. 237:2% BW of Third, SW 37:9% by SE 100, I
quit claim deed; $1.
Howard Presbyterian Society, by trustees, to
William Ehrenpfort, same; f>n 000.
Mary A. Ames to George E. Ames, lot on E
line of Thirty-seventh avenue, 13S:8 N of A
street, N 86:4, E 37:6, SE 25. SW 90:3; $10.
Josephine Worfot to Savings and Loan Soci
ety, re-record of 1023 d 185, lots 223, 225, 229 and
231. Gift Map 2; $5.
Charles McCarthy to the McCarthy Company
(a corporation), lots 1. 2, 3 and 5. block A; lots
9, 2S, 32, 35 to 44, block E; lots 28. 33 to 3y and
43 block 2; lots 6, 7. 12, 13, 32. 3S, 39. 47 and
48, block 15: lots 16. 17. 47, 4S and 49, block 23;
lots 3, 36 37, 38. 42 43. 45 to 50. block 28; lot
12, block 18; lots 7 and 3S, S % lot 33. block
21; lot 5, block 26; lots 1, 25 to 28. 32 and 33.
block 34; lots 1, 2 and 3, block 14: lot 14. block
24; lota 6 to 12, block 29. all In Lakevlew; $10.
William Wolfsohn to George S. and George
F Harmon, undivided % lot 9, block 484. Bay
View Homestead; $50. •
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
February. 1599.
Tu.
7 '•
1
8
Th
I
»
i
?r. sa.
T ,4
10 11
IT 18
24 25
Mooa's Phases
rfj-Last Quarter.
vi- February 3.
fis. ■ New Moon.
Vi/ February 10.
•m First Quarter.
■JF February 17.
©Full Moon.
February 26.
.12
21
28
15
22
23
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Oftlce, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are oordlally Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
lnr directions of the world are kept on hani
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building at the foot of Market street. Is hoists
about ten minutes before noon and dropped a
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal r^
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was droppo-i
on time or giving the error, if any, is publish---;
in the morning papers the <;? ll ° wln f T .^. a >'_c
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge
SUN. MOON AN DTIDE.
United States Coast and GeodMtc Purv-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to S-,
Francisco Bay. Published by official -
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— "The high nnd low waters occ;:r .
the city front (Mission-street wharf) ah •
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort P
the height of tide is the same at both pli
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1.
rises T:U
sets. .'. 5:34
1 rises 11:30 p. m.
1 ...
2 ...
3 ...
4 ...
5 ...
IH w
3:00
3:38
4:21
5:12
6:10
* XV
0:59
.2:02
Ft.!
I
5.5|
5.6
[Time I Time
Ft.
L W ' H W
| 9:291 1.2 3:34
I 10:30 0.9 4:52
11:36 0.6 6:23
12:40 0.2 7:54
1:40—0.3 9:00
H W L W
! 7:12 6.2 2:3.'
| 8:14 6.3 3:26
lime-
Ft. — ! Ft.
;,'„•-: L w
4.0 8:52:~il
3.7 9:42: 2?,
3.6 10:40 2 4
3.7 11:45 ! 3.0
4.0 .
H W
—0.6 9:50 i.i
-0.9 10:31 4.?
i'
6.0
6 ...
7 ...
3.0
3.0
NOTE— the above exposition of the tM<?s
the early morning tides are given In th< If-t
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tide . f
the day. the third time column the thir tM»
and the last or right hand column glv- t!v
last tide at the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heifth-3
given are additions to the soundings on the
.United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number givpn is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Offn-P, ;;. S. N., Mer
chants" Exchange, Pan Francisco Ca!
January 31. 1899.
The time ball on thp tower of the new Fprry
building was dropped at exactly noon tn-^ay—
1. c.. at noon of the I'nth meridian, or at 8
o clock p. m. Greenwich mean time
W. S HUGHES
Lieutenant. U. S. N . In charce.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
j Slue.
1 1
Wellington Departure Bay F^b. 1
North Fork lHumboldt [Feb. I
Corona ; ..ISan Diego 'Feb. 1
Queen [Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. 1
Pomona [Humboldt Feb. 1
Alliance [Portland Feb. 1
Point Arena.... Point Arena Feb. 2
Washtenaw Tacoma Feb. 2
Orizaba Newport Feb. 3
Coptic China and Japan | Feb. 1
Aztec China and Japan Feb. 1
A. Blanchard..[Coos Bay Feb. 3
Signal IWillapa Harbor Feb. 3
Willamette Seattle Feb. 3
Geo. W. Elder.. IPortland Feb. 4
Chilkat 'Humboldt Feb. 4
Empire Coos Bay Feb. 4
Wyefleld [Nanaimo Feb. 4
Weeott Yaqulna Bay Feb. 5
Santa Rosa San Diego Feb. 5
Areata Coos Bay .-. Feb. 5
Progreso Seattle Feb. 5
Leelanaw (Seattle Feb. 5
Curacao [Coos Bay Feb. 5
Walla Walla.... (Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. 8
Crescent City... ! Crescent City Feb. 6
Tltanla ;. Nanaimo Feb. 8
Coos' Bay Newport Feb. 7
San Jose ' Panama I Feb. 8
Moana Sydney Feb. 8
Cleveland Puget Sound Feb. 8
Columbia Portland [Feb. 9
>
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Coos Bay... Newport [
Aloha [Point Arena..!
Excelsior ..(Alaska j
Columbia ..[Portland 1
City of Rio China & Japan
Corona — San Diego
Pomona .... Humboldt J
| Alliance ... Oregon Ports.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena..
I C. Nelson.. ! Puget Sound.. j
A. Blanch'd'Coos Bay
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd. !
Orizaba ....[Newport
Chilkat ....[Humboldt
Weeott [Yaquina Bay. '
Santa Rosa San Diego
Areata Coos Bay
State of Portland.'.....'
Peru Chlna&Japan
Australia ..[Honolulu
Feb. 1, 9 am [Pier 11
Feb. 1, 3 pmiPier i
■ Feb. 1. 9 am[Pier 21
Feb. 2, 10 am Pier 24
Feb. 2. 1 pm PMSS
■ Feb. 3, 11 am Pier 11
■ Feb. 3, 2 pm Pier t
Feb. 3, 10 am, Pier V.
Feb. 4, 3 pm Pier i
[Feb. 4, 10 am Pier 2
Feb. 4, 5 pm Pier 12
! Feb. 6, 10 am Pier 9
Feb. .5, 9 am Pier 11
Feb. 5, 2 pm Pier 1."
Feb. 7, 5 pm|Pler 13
Feb. 7. 11 am Pier 11
Feb. 7, 10 am Pier 13
Feb. 7. 10 am Pier 24
Feb. 8, 1 pm PMSS
Feb. 8, 10 am Pier 7
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
;-.-•,'—. Tuesday, January 31.
Stmr Australia, Houdlette, 6 days 20 hours
35 minutes from Honolulu.
Stmr' Grace Dollar, Fosen, 68 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Newburg, Hansen, 68 hours from Grays
Harbor. ' : . ■ ■
Schr James A Garfield, Lewis, 8 days from
Columbia River.
Schr Sacramento, • Gruggle, 8 days from Til
lamook.
Schr Jennie Thelin, Holmberg. 7 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Emma Utter, Allen, 7 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman, 40 hours from
Iversens Landing.
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgensen, 6 days from
Coquille River.
Schr Wm Renton, Jensen, 20 days from Ta
coma.
Schr Sparrow, Dart, 3 days from Eureka.
CLEARED.
-...--"■ Tuesday, January 31.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanalmo; R
Dunsmutr's Sons Co. V- ..:•'
Stmr Ohio, Boggs, Manila; IT S Government.
Stmr Mlneola, David, Tacoma; Pacific Im
provement Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Senator, Patterson, Manila, via Hono
lulu; U S Government.
Stmr Ellhu Thomsen, Smith, Portland; Gray
& Mitchell. ••:•.:• .'■• .»•*•.
Whal bark John and - Winthrop, Macomber,
whaling; H J Knowles.
Bark Ferris S Thompson, Murk, Portland;
Hume Bros & Hume.
Fr bark Jules Verne, Hauman, Queenstown;
Epplnger & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, January 81.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins; Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Badger, Ventura.
• Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, . Nanalmo.
Stmr Areata, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr. Greenwood, Fegerlund.
Stmr Hueneme, Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Chllkat, Anderson, Eureka.
*X •>':■/ :' CHARTERS. ; : - ''5
The Archer . loads mdse for Hllo; Falcon,
mdse for Honolulu; Big Bonanza, flour for
Vladlvostock; James Drummond. redwood for
Cork, 555; Agenor, mdse for Sydney.
The Zampa loads lumber at Grays Harbor for
Noumea, 50s.
The King Edward loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 31s 9d. .- ■•*-'■'■
:.=.:' TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 31. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 30 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Jan Schr
Newark, for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Jan 31— U S stmr Phlla- ■*
delphia, for Samoa. • :./...•
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 31— Schr Halcyon, fm
San Pedro; schr Occidental, hence Jan 22.
Sailed Jan 31— Stmr Twilight, for San Fran
cisco; stmr North Fork, for San Francisco;
schr Vine, for Honolulu; stmr Scotia, for San
Francisco; stmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Jan 31— Stmr Willamette,
for San Francisco; stmr Progreso, for San
Francisco; Br ship Westgate, for Europe.
PORT BLAKELEY— Jan 31— Ship Flor
ence, for Sydney.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan 31-Schr- Maggie
C Russ, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 31— Schr Bangor,
from Port Gamble; bktn Willie R Hume, from
Port Blakeley. ' ,-V • ."-;- .--<
REDONDO — Arrived Jan 31— Stmr South
Coast, from Eureka.
Sailed Jan 31— Stmr South Coast, for .
FOREIGN PORTS.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Jan 30— Stmr Costa Rica,
for San Francisco. •
MAZATLAN"— SaiIed \ Jan 1 39— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco. . .
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Jan 27— bark Glenlee.
for Oregon. I '.-'.: .-■.,,■:
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 13— Br stmr Len
nox, from Yokohama; stmr City of Rio de Ja
neiro a from Yokohama. .Jan 14— Bark Oregon,
from Newcastle, Aus; stmr China, hence Jan
7. Jan , 15— Bktn Klikltat. from Port Town
send; bark Ceylon, from Tacoma; schr Bertie,
Minor, from Eureka. Jan Bktn Amelia,
from Seattle. Jan Stmr Australia, henca
Jan 11: Br stmr Aorangl, from Sydney. Jan
20— Br ship Falls of Clyde, hence Jan 2. Jan
21— Haw bark Mauna Ala, from Seattle; schr
Mildred, from Port Townsend; bark Martha
Davis, hence Dec 31. Jan 22— Br stmr Warrl
moo, from' Victoria; Haw ship Star of Russia,
from Tacoma; U S stmr i Yorktown, hence Jan
12. • Jan 23— stmr Doric, hence Jan 17. Jan
24— Hnwstmr Aztec, from Yokohama-
Sailed Jan 13— Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro,
for San Francisco. Jan 14— Stmr China, for
Yokohama; Br stmr Lennox, for Portland, Or.
Jan 16 Br bark Woollahra, for Eureka. Jan
18— Br stmr Aorangl, ■ for Victoria. Jan 19— Br
bark Dominion, for Royal Roads. Jan 20—
' Brig • Consuelo, for San Francisco. Jan 22— • ~L
Haw bark Diamond Head, for San Francisco.
Jan 23 Bark Alden Besae, for San Francisco"; "
G«r bark J C Pfluger, for San Francisco. Jan
84— stmr Doric, for Yokohama.
. .• . ■-"■•-.- - .-' ' ■:»■"..-■•■ ■..PARALYSIS ENDS
THE LIFE OF
T. H. REYNOLDS
Died at the Home for
Incurables.
WAS ONCE DAN BURNS' DEPUTY
HIS LITE WAS ONE OF VARIED
FORTUNES.
The Fatal Disease First Attacked
Him Ten Years Ago in
the City of
Mexico.
Thomas H. Reynolds, who had a long
and varied career in this State, died at
the King's Daughters' Home for Incura
bles Monday evening from locomotor
ataxia, or paralysis of the muscles. He
had contracted the disease in 1,^9. It is
said to have been the result of inhaling
foul gases while he was engaged In super
intending the building of sewers in the
City of Mexico ten years ago.
Mr. Reynolds was born In Buffalo, N.
T. on October 4. 1839, and In 1851 came to
California with his father, who had al
ready spent two years In the gold mines.
The elder Reynolds bought the old Union
Hotel, at Merchant and Kearnv .streets,
* , u ran lt unUl 1856 » when his connection
with the Vigilantes made him unpopular
and ruined his business. Then Tom Rey
nolds set out to care for himself.
He rode a ny express between Uklah
and eaverville until 1860, when he began
riding on the overland route. He was
married in 1860 to a young widow, sister
in-law of Charles F. Reed of the famous
Nevada Bank wheat deal. Two children
were the fruit of this union. The. daugh
ter, Minnie, still survives. The son,
Charles D. Reynolds, was on the police
force In this city for a long time, and is
now assaver of the Hidalgo mine in Chi
huahua, Mexico.
Soon after his marriage Reynolds gave
up express riding and came to San Fran
cisco to live. He worked as bookkeeper
for San Ravelley, the well known printer,
until 1565, when he was appointed Consta
ble. Two years later he was made clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and filled that
. position until 1875, when he was elected
County Clerk on the Democratic ticket.
In 1576 he was accused by members of
his own party of having stuffed the reg
istration rolls in the interest of the Repub
. licans. He strenuously protested his in
nocence, and one result of the charge
was that he left the Democratic party
and joined the opposition. The Republi
cans nominated him in 1577 and he was
elected by an Increased majority. He
served out his term and In 1880. when
Dan Burns was elected Secretary of State,
he appointed Reynolds his deputy.
He and Burns accused each other of
the embezzlement of that 530,000 of State
. funds. Reynolds' defense exhausted his
capital, but he began business again—
this time renting the' gas works at Val
lejo. There he made some money, and in
. 18SS he went to the City of Mexico, and in
partnership with ex-City Surveyor W. P.
Reynolds secure a contract to equip the I
'■.-■ city with a sewer system. There he was
. taken with the illness that ended his life.
'.. For several years he had been absolutely
'.: retired from activity of any sort, and was
'' an inmate of the hospital where he died.
Mr. Reynolds was a Mason, a member
of the A. O. U. XV. and a Pioneer. The
• : Society of California Pioneers will direct
■ his funeral. , .
THE KENNEDY MURDER.
Mrs. Sohnnan Testifies to His Desire !
to Be Rid of Mrs. Eagan.
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
Elizabeth Regan charged with the mur
der of Policeman Kennedy was continued
.before Judge Graham yesterday morning.
Only three witnesses were examined.
Policeman J. F. Sheehan testified that
Kennedy told him last October that he !
was to be married to the "artist girl"
and asked him to stand up with him.
Nicholas Mieholovlch, a restaurant keep
er at Sixtenth and Mission streets, tes- ■
tifled that Kennedy and Mrs. R«gan used
to eat there almost regularly about a !
year ago.
Mrs. Sohrman, mother of Kennedy's |
fiancee, testified that Kennedy was at her
house the night before he was killed. He
had a pistol which he said did not suit ;
him and that he had given his other one 1
to Mrs. Regan. Her daughter gave him
a pistol, and she identified it as the one j
with which he was shot. Kennedy wore !
hlfi gold watch that night. Kennedy
wanted to marry the daughter of the wit- ;
ness In San Jose on New Year's day. say- j
ing that was the only way he could get
rid of Mrs. Regan.
The case will be continued this morning.
Patriotism Appreciated.
Lincoln Post No. 1. G. A. R., evidently
appreciates the action of Judge Treadwell
in sentencing a foreigner to pay a fine of
%y) for cursing the stars and stripes. At
the meeting Monday night a resolution
■was passed thanking the Judge for the
patriotism shown by him in passing such
a p^vere sentence^
POSTUM CEREAL.
AT INEBRIATE INSTITUTE
Whiskey and Coffee Classed To-
gether.
"As manager of the Keeley Institute
of North Con way, N. H., for over three
yoars, during which time some 3000
patients were under my care, I can
pp.fak with a certain degree of positive-
n<=-sB as to the injurious effects of coffee
upon the nerves, and the beneficial ef-
fects of Postum Cereal Food Coffee,
. when properly boiled.
"We find, a? you say. that neither the
flavor nor the food value can be ex-
tracted until after 15 or 20 minutea of j
actual boiling. It does not answer to!
Pimply allow it to stand on a warm
ttove for a few minutes.
CXIFTON J. BAILEY,
Boston, Mass.
ROOM 7?, GLOBE fcULDING.
"I can most heartily indorse Postum
and advise nervous people to use It in
place of coffee or tea.
"Upon the nerves of many, coffee acts
■with the same poisoning effoct as
liquor, morphia and tobacco, and. while
acting as a stimulant, the reaction is
the same as liquor or morphia. In my
own case, I find great benefit from
using Postum Cereal Food Coffee,
•whereas I find nothing but harm In
.coffee." ->. J
AFXEET of coasting schooners took advantage of the change in the wind yesterday and came flying into
port. At 6 in the morning it was blowing six miles an hour from the southeast and at 2 in the afternoon
it was piping along at thirty-six miles an hour from the northwest. Old skippers say that when the
wind goes back to the southeast again it will rain. '
HAD TWO WOMEN
STOWAWAIS ON
THE AUSTRALIA
Beat Their Way to
the Hawaiian Isles.
FEARED THE ARCHER'S CREW
WEALTHY PASSENGER BY THE
BARXENTINE INSANE.
Licenses for Captains and Mates.
Man Drowned From Steamer
Australia — A Fleet of
Coasters Arrive.
The wind chopped around very suddenly
yesterday and brought a fleet of coasting
schooners into port. In the morning it
was blowing 6 miles an hour from the
southeast, and at 2 p. m. it was bowling
along at the rate of 3>3 miles an hour from
the northwest. Shipping men say it will
blow pretty hard for the next twenty-four
hours, after which we will get a southerly
breeze and rain.
Among the vessels that made an an
chorage was the schooner William Ren
ton, which for twenty days was beating
her way' against adverse winds. She sail
ed from Tacoma on January 11 and had
little else but light winds, head winds
and calms until she ran Into the nor'west
er. The schooners Sacramento 8 days
from TiHamook, Jennie Thelin and Emma
Utter 7 days from Grays Hardor. Ocean
Spray 4 days from Iverson's Landing,
Parkersburg 5 days from Coquille River
and Sparrow 3 days from Eureka also got
in.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia from Honolulu was also among the
arrivals. She brought up a very large
cargo, but not many passengers. Among
those who came up in the steerage were
Mrs. M. Butler and Miss C. Butler. They
came here originally from SaJita Clara in
search of work. They could not get any
thing to do in San Francisco, and hearing
that business was booming in Honolulu
they determined to go there. Mother and
daughter were without funds and how to
reach the Paradise of the Pacific was at
first a question they could not solve.
Finally they resolved to stow themselves
away on the steamer Alameda which left
here a month ago. They were soon dis
covered, and when the vessel reached
Honolulu they were turned over to the
authorities. When the Australia arrived
from San Francisco they were put aboard
her and brought back here.
The women are both honest and hard
working, and assert that they will stow
themselves away on some other vessel and
land in Hawaii again, no matter what
comes or goes. The mother gives her age
as 37 and the daughter as 17 years. They
left the Australia as soon as she docked.
"Xo one could have treated us better
than did the officers on the Alaroeda and
Australia," said Mrs. Butler yesterday.
"We expected to find everybody angry on
the Alameda when they found us out, but
they weren't. We proved that we had no
money and only wanted work, so the pur
ser said no more about it and gave us
quarters in the steerage. The purser also
told us that if we had no money we coulu
not land in Honolulu, and, sure enough,
we could not. They allowed us ashore,
but only to put us in jail, and there we
remained until the Australia arrived, on
that vessel we were unbidden guests also,
but everybody was kind to us, and the
passage has been a very pleasant one. In
spite of the setback, my daughter and I
are going to try it again, and we'll land
this time. JUBt you wait and see."
A man named Joseph Sylva was
drowned from the Australia while the yes-
Bel was at Honolulu. The deceased and a
young woman named Isabella Perry had
been uptown' and on returning to the wa
ter front wanted to boar 3 the steamer
Helene, lying alongside the Australia, as
they were passing from one vessel to the
other the woman stumbled and fell over
board. In her fall she grabbed at Sylva
and pulled him overboard also. She was
rescued, but Sylva must have struck the
side of the steamer, as he sank and did
not come up again. The body was recov
ered the next day by the Australia's crew.
The gunboat Yorktown reached Hono
lulu on January 22. She is to join the Ben
nlngton at Guam, and then both vessels
will proceed to Manila.
During the voyage of the barkentlne
Archer from Honolulu to San Francisco
Henry Heltmann, one of the passengers,
became insane. He thought the captain
and crew were conspiring to kill him, and
for the past nine days he has refused
food. When taken ashore yesterday by
Sergeant Bunner and Officer Ferguson of
the Harbor Police he was in a very weak
condition. When searched at the City
Hall a gold watch and chain, two checks
on the Claus Spreckels bajik of Honolulu
for $9750, a check on the Bishop Bank of
Honolulu for 1150. a certificate of deposit
on the Bank of Hawaii for $25 and $212 in
cash was found on him. Heltmann is
well known here. He is a musician, and
formerly played in the Baldwin Theater.
From there he went to Hawaii and Joined
the Royal Hawaiian Band, but latterly
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1899.
BEFORE A NORTHWEST WIND.
he has been Bick and was on his way here
for his health.
By July 1 all masters and mates of
Teasels over 70# tons burden must hold a
I nited States license. As there is not a
third of them in possession of the neces
sary document, the new law has, of
course, caused quite a flutter in maritime
circles. Captains who have sailed the seas
for years In command of vessels without
a license naturally want to know if thov
will have to pass an examination, and all
hand? want to know what the new rules
and regulations will be like. In answer to
a query on the subject, from Gardner &
Thornly. the Custom-house brokers. Su
pervising: Inspector General Dumont sends
the following reply:
Gentlemen: I am in receipt by reference of
your letter of the l?th Instant in reference to
the promulgation of the rules and require
ments to govern the license officers under the
new law relating to sailing vessels over 396
tons, and In reply would say that the Board
of Supervising Inspectors, now In session, have
under consideration the formulation of rules
and regulations governing the licensing of
masters and mates of sailing vessels, which
rules, when approved, will be published in a
circular, together with the laws to which the
rules apply.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
Stern Justice Meted Out to Frank
Cole, Who Was Caught in
the Act.
The practice of stealing 1 newspapers
from doorsteps after they have been de
livered by the carriers has become so
common of late that the proprietors are
determined to spare no expense to catch
and punish the thieves. Complaints are
constantly being received at newspaper
offices from subscribers all over the city,
but the thieves as a rule are too cunning
to be caught
A man or boy who would sfal a news
paper would st^al anything. It is one of
the most contemptible species of thieving
and nnlj- the meanest class of people
would indulge in it. It has a double effect
j as It injures both the subscriber and the
publisher.
Police Judges in the past have allowed
a feeling of sympathy to sway them in
most cases of newspaper thieves for the
sake of their families. Although some of
them have been lightly punished the ma
jority have been discharged with a repri
mand "not to do it again."
Yesterday Frank Cole, a boy 14 years of
age. was convicted by Judge Graham o£
stealing newspapers from stores and oth.
er buildings in the neighborhood of Post
and Kearny streets. He was caught in
the act last Sunday morning by Police
man Colt.'n. who saw him take papers
from the White House, O'Connor, Mof
i fatt & Co. and Dr. A. E. Phelan. 139 Post
j street. The boy is an old offender and the
I Judge sent him to the Whittier Reform
I School, where he will remain for several
years. The strict example of Judge Gra
ham will be followed by other Judges in
all cases of newspaper thieves.
The "Idol's Eye" All the Week.
"The Idol's Eye," Frank Daniels' suc
cess, is to be the bill for the remainder of
the comic opera engagement now on at
the Columbia Theater, and which is to
come to a termination with Saturday
night's performance of Smith and Her
bert's opera, In which the star is seen as
the amusing balloonist.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. >
THE SECEET OF A GOOD DISPOSITION.
Mrs. Pinkham Says a Careful Regard for Bodily Health Makes Women
Sweet and Attractive to AIL
The world is filled with sweet women who are held back from usefulness by
Some trouble of the female organs. -
Fretfulness and nervousness rapidly destroy sweet dispositions.
' 1 1 K*\s3 f&K. Sickly all-worn-out women cannot live happy
1 1 ispijv jJ&G&L yes - earl every woman may be well and
" " V-O MWs"%k ha PPy if she win follow Mrs. Pinkham's advice.
111 Zl _ a oik £mJ? cc wna^ Mrs. Craig says:
111 -C- - 'S3a 4 * > JT P "Deab Mrs. Pixkham:— l have taken Lydia Ei
-7^ ~"t~ ~111 I ' Is jM |"l I I'll P^ nknam ' s Vegetable ! Compound and .
fjg' g£?i~ Ij. IS "TjJLI think it is the best medicine for women
\*^j^l -|-j- y M^w ~ " ~ n tlie world. I was so weak and nerv-
I |'ij II XrV^r ' v^^ -- - ous that I thought I could not live from
X _ '7>"4r> ; '<yni^ V<x one day to * ne next> * na(^ prolapsus
~Y_ I~ j -^ /v^V v^i vSo> 111 uteri and leucorrhoea, and thought that
lIT Jl V^.^- : 7,\ \ jfvV 111 M I would die. I had dragging
rH^HHlr"*^ j'-flVJfrV^- -1 MM " pains in my back) burning sen-
LJ»rnirH ifciilV^MVV. •vV - 7VW h - sation down to m feet ' and so
\XH\\ \* ♦ \ W^W^f&tikr- many miserable feelings. Peo-
Wk \ \ \y^i^^BPsii TIvTSJ" pie said that I looked like a dead
y^\jf /^\^ IH^'S^JV Vp ~"" " ~ " woman. Doctors tried to cure
']\\y /f\ f*+^ Ha till 1 11 me, but failed. Ihadgivenup
\J I' \V c V\ kj - — when I heard of the Pinkham
-r-j| 1 1 <^ V-l?^ " " medicine. I got a bottle. \ I did
I 111 V\ . ~- - - not have much faith in it, but
- -J-sUn. \ V -x^ Pus\ - - thought I would try it, and it
- T|kV~N \ >l<^ * '-' ' . -T/ V™« ma<^ 0 a new woman of me. I
I^^flM > * l **»i^ s> »^^ \ wish I could get every lady in
-\^^^ - V *- \ the land to try it, for it did for
- j^-rj"' _y r^^T "^^ me what doctors could not do.
lIT "TT" IrJ^ C-s. —Mrs. ALLns: Cbaig, Baker's Landing, Pa.
- + ~\-\- - That Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegeteble Compound is a
' . a£s-»^ safeguard of woman's health is clearly proven by the
. msy *^ thousands of letters constantly being received. Here
is on» from Mrs. W. P. Vaxentete, 566 Ferry Aye., Camden, N. J.:
II Deab Mes. Pi am:— Before writing to you I felt very bad, had terrible
sick headaches, no appetite, gnawing pain in stomach, pain in my back and right
side; was tired and nervous, and so weak I could scarcely stand. I was not
able to do anything, had sharp pains all through my body. Before I had taken :
half a bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, I found myself im-
proving. I continued its use until I had taken four bottles, and f eli so well
that I did not need to take any more. lam like a new person,* ■ *
Ask Mrs. Pinkham's Advice-A Woman Best understands a Woman's Ills
A COLD WAVE COMES TO
THE STATE AT LAS!
SEVERE WINDSTORM IS NOW
PREVALENT HERE.
Professor Hammon Says It Will Be
Accompanied by Little if
Any Rain.
The backbone of the warm spell -which
has been with us for two weeks was
broken yesterday morning' about 10 o'clock
and a cold wind storm set in, which has
occasioned much discomfort and may
mean not a little damage to the products ;
of this State. At that time the tempera
ture began to fall and a northwest wind
blew at a rapid rate, and has been stead- !
lly increasing since then.
It was below zero from the southern |
boundary of Kansas as far north as the
Weather Bureau had reports, and Pro
fessor Hammon said it was safe to say
that the cold wave extended to the north
pole. At Dodge City the thermometer i
registered 6 degrees below zero, Denver
2 below, Lander 10, Chicago 12, Helena
zero, Bismarck 20 and just north of Mon
tana 28 below caused things to freeze gen
erally. In this city it was 30 above and
getting colder.
It has been snowing throughout the
country east of the Rockies and appar
ently was getting ready to do so on this '
side. The windstorm which has accom- !
panied the cold weather Is getting more '
and more severe. The wind is from the
northwest and blowing at the rate of
fifty miles an hour at Point Reyes, sixty
four at Winnemucca, fifty-five at Mount
Tamalpni* ami thirty-six here. At Eureka i
It was thirty miles, and a few hundredths
of an Inch of rain fell at that place.
Professor Hammon said he could not
offer any particular reason for the change
in the weather. "An area, of low press
ure." he said, "moved into Washington
early Tuesday morning, but from where
I do not know. It is moving southeast,
and will gn to Utah, Nevada and New-
Mexico. The wind blowing toward that
area of low formed a sort of trough, and
brings the wind from the Northwest to
us. The storm will be accompanied by
little If any rain. There may be a slight
precipitation In Southern California, fol
lowed by a norther which will do more
harm than good. The warm weather wn
have been having has done no appreciable
harm, though if it should be followed by
frost In the next thirty-six hours grave
consequences will ensue to the buds of
apricots and almonds which have formed
and we will have but a small crop of those
products. The prunes have not started
much, and so will not suffer."
The barometer- has been falling near
here and rising everywhere else. The
storm is not considered dangerous to
shipping.
George L. North's Will.
The will of the late Georpe L. North,
who died January 26, was fllpd for pro
bate yesterday. Decedent's estate, '
valued at $10,000, Is bequeathed to Annie i
C. North, his widow.
A NEW METHOD OF
MEDICAL SCIENCE
Facts About the New Slocum Treatment
for Weak Lungs, Consumption and
All Damp Weather Diseases.
OLD CONDITIONS MET IN A NEW WAY.
Consumption Cured and Weak Lungs Restored by
This Far-Famed Treatment, a Course of
Which Is Offered Free to Every
One of Our Readers.
HjnJfpj|||||nmJ&ijHMfl rait j i»tt J l^
THE NEW TREATMENT THAT CURES.
Worthy of all honor and respect is
i the studious physician who spends his
! life ln a continual combat with disease.
Through Dr. Slocum you may now
; consider yourself free from the dread
engine of destruction which threatened
i to carry away your life.
You 'need not fear consumption.
It can be cured.
And those diseases of weak lungs and
the respiratory organs, which pave the
way for the baneful bacillus, need not
be allowed to become chronic.
They can be cured, too.
The new Slocum System of Treatment
| charms away every symptom of these
j disorders, quickly, surely and thor-
; oughly.
The treatment fs simple, pleasant,
harmless and adapted to all ages.
It does not interfere with your daily
I employment or your food.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOQOOOQ
l vr PALACE M -' a l
IGRADID »oxi£so
q OA!t FitAKGtBCO.
"f Connected by a covered passr.geway. "
P MOO Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. *
D Ail Under One Management. £|
SKOTE THE PXICBS: Q
_. European Plan. Bl.oo per day and npward X
9 Amcrlcaa F!an.s3.oO per day and upward Vl
ft Correspondenoo Solicited. n
h JOKH 0. KIRQA7BIOK. Maatger. Z
uoooooooooacioooooe
lU|TD\/IT/i won* vitality
l>lfcr< VII A LOST VIGOR.
j^aSS^l ■ AND MANHOOD
S&$F" A Cure* Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
VHM9 M diseases, all effects of stlf-ibuse, cr excess and
t^S i»ll " I(^' scret ' oa A nervctsnic and b'sod'builder.
L vl w' Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re>
B-J^ia-r' * lorc> the fire c youth. By mail 500 per
WA^mL bcii 6 bciesfor $2.50; with c written
|^|||^|^suiriiittc to cure or refund the money.
lerrltt ltlfdlc»< Co., CHtitoa * 3ach«on st*., ebk»29.
WALLER BROS.. 33 Grant aye.. San Francisco.
§3)r.Jßibbon's Dispensary,
62OKEABNTNT. EstAbllsbed
in 1554 lar the treatment of Private
■^JtJ^W Dheiisen, Lost Manhood. Debility or
IWj^WHlMfcdlseasp wearing on bodyand mind and
J|i«H Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low
•^Bm ■('arpucuarantrrd. Callorwrlte.
Br. J. I. wIBBOK. Box £957. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and . HONQKOXO, calling at
I Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
i connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
lof sailing. ■
NIPPON MARU.. ...... .....Wednesday, Jan. M
AMERICA MARU Tuesday, Feb. n
HONGKONO . MARU .Friday, March 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
i Cl Market etreet. corner First.
' W. B. CURTIS. Qeneral Agent.
Compagnle Generate Transatlantique.
(French 'Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS _,-_
(FRANCE). Balling every Saturday <"***?&»
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North dIHHk
River, foot of Morton street. ' '
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb 11
LA BRETAGN*. Feb" 18
LA TOURAINE .............................Feb' 25
j LA NORMANDIE March 4
! LA CHAMP.GNB ........March 11
First class to Havre, $65 and upward, 5 per
cent : reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction round triD
GENERAL AuENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 twwllng Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. T —iflc Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery aye., San Francisco. .-.
PBPflUlfl 8 - S - AUSTRALIA
fIPMIIM Ealls for Honolulu
rfc W ; Wednesday. February
■ ,, j >> — >.* 8, at 2 p. m.
Oi^fl-L* Tne S. S Moana
nyMlllSn nt/ sails via Honolulu and
°>V»nihii Auckland for Sydney
(gjliP^RiJ* Wednesday. Feb. 22.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia! and CAPK
TOWN, Bouth Africa. . • .
J. D. BPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents, .
: - ■ . 114 Montgomery street. :
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
V BAY AND BIVEBV STiLOEBBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:46 a.'
m., J:l5, 8:30 p. m. (ex. . Thurs. night); Fridays
1 p. ■m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office, Misslon-st. Dock. Pier No.
X. Telephone, Main ISOS.
I FARI? ... t Wo
It consists of three remedies which
are used simultaneously and supple-
ment each other's curative action.
To those of our readers who wish to
test it a complete free course of treat-
ment will be sent them direct from the
Slocum Laboratories on request.
Merely send your name and full ad-
dress to Dr. T. A. Slocum, 98 Pine Bt.,
New York, when the three free bottles
will be forwarded to you, together with
; free advice on any case.
Every first-class druggist dispenses
■ the Slocum System of Treatment in
I large original packages, with full dlrec-
| tions for use.
If you suffer from any of the (Janger-
ous damp weather diseases, here is a
chance for you to test for yourself the
workings of a system of medicine which
has never yet failed. When writing the
doctor please tell him you read this in
The Call.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Je^ Steamers leave . Broadway
' tUTJBIi— . wharf, San Francisco:
Vjtrfflf*gfr. - For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
EKrvS^?% Jan. 11, 16, 21. M. 31; FeJ> - i;
• Kffk£3aTtf*3 chaise at Seattle.
[MfcgW^lfil For Victoria, VEncourer. (B.
fcES^fs?3o,i C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
' Taccma, Everett, Anacortss
and New Whatcom (Wash),
10 a. m.. Jan. 11, 18. H, ti. Si:
Feb 6 and every fifth day thereafter: chans*
at Seattle to this company's steamers tot
Alaska and Q. N By.: at Tacoma *o N. P. By.;
a Vor an Eure"'ka THumbild^Bay) 1 p. m -.w Jan
14, 19. U. 19; Feb. S, and every nfth day thert-
* f For Banta Cni». Monterey, Ban Btrr.eon.
rayucoe Port Harford. (San Luis Obispo).
Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huen*m».
Pan Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Anrele.) and
Newport. 9a. m.. Jan. IV I6. Vt. 14, tt; Feb.
1, and every fourth day thereafter. _ _ _
For Ban "Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (Ban Luis Oblspo). Banta Barbara. Port
Lob Aneeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m Jan 14, 18. W. 2«. 30. Feb. S, and eTery
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magda>na Bay, Can Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Bosalla
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Jan. 14, Feb. ».
Mar. 9, Apr. 8.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the rleht to chans*
without previous notice, steamers, salllnr date*
ar h«in of MlUne .
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New MontKomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. O«n. Acts.,
- 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N, CO,
DTPPATOI FAST STEAMERS -O
PORTLAND
From Rpear-street Wharf at 10 a. ra.
CADC SI 2 First Class Including Berths
IAnL S8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails Jan. S. 13, 23, Fab. 2.
! fiUte of California sails Jan. 8. 18. IS. Feb. 1.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butta,
Helena and all points in the North
Through tickets to all points East.
5. C. WARD. General Agent.
- CSO Marlut street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. •
Suoerlntendenta.
BATLBOAD TRAVEL.
Cili'nWiila
Limited
Santa feßouie
Connectina: Owl Train Leaves 3an
Francisco via Los Angeles at 9
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUEB.
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:32 A. M.tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at l:3O P. M.Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday. -
DININQ CARS, BUFFET' CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Eleotrlo
Llghtod Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
Ml FBAHCISCO IICKI QFflCE— f a MMICET ST.
• TELEPHOXK MAIM Utt.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacraaento Offio«— 2ol J Strot.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Olara Si
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Via Sausallto Ferry.)
' Leave San Francisco, - commenclajt Sunday.
Sept. 1L 1898:
week Days— »:W a. in.,' l:tf p. m, - ; . ' "
Bonday*— B:oo. l«: 0«, 11:30 a. m., 1:11 p. m.
■ Ronnd trip from Mill Valley, ft -
TROS. COOK * BON. Agents, «3 Maifeai
rtrwt. 6aa FraneUca
AUCIPJALES.
ELEGANT NEW FURNITURE
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY), at 11 a. m..
POST STREET. NEAR MASON.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market.
KA.LLHOA?) TBAVEL.
BOUTUBB9I PAlIKir fOJiPAST.
(PAOirio sTtrrKX.)
Train leni* nu<l nr« <!n« to arrlrc at
lIAil Fit AM (S<<>.
(Main Llpe. Foot of Market Street)
lsatx — Froh Deo. 18, 1393. — Annrrm
•6:00 a Nllea. San Jose and Way Stations... •»:4.1*.
7iooa Benicia, Suieuu and B&crnmento 3t43p
7:OOa MarysTille. OroTiUeand Ueddiuc tU
Woodland Si43r
TiOOa. Elmira, VaoatlHe and Rumsey Hiiir
7 :SOa »art4nez, Sanßamon, Vallejo. JS'apa,
Oaustof aud fianta Kosa 6ilSp
»:OOa AUautia Kxpress, Ogdon and Kast.. 6:13r
»iHOi San Joss, Urermore, Stuck ton,
lone, bacraiuento. FlaoervUle,
Marystllle, Chieo, l«ed Bl.ur 4<lSp
UsSOa 'Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown... 4ilSp
• iOOa Martin Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
m Kerced and Fresno lS:18r
»:OS>* Fresno, UakersiioM. "Santa lUrhara,
Los Angeles, Demi £1 Paeo,
Mew Orleans and But 6:43»
lOiOOa Tallejo, Martinez and War Stations 7i*sj>
IMtOOM NUes, Lfr«rmore, Btocktoo, Bacra>
I msnto, HendoU, Hauford, Vis&ila,
PorterrUle Mr. 4:19*
•li9opSaaamentoltt>erBt«kinerB *S:OOp
4iOOr Martiuei, Sau lUiuoii, Vallejo,
- Napa, C'alistog*. Santa llosa OilS*
4iOOr B«Dlci&, Vac&TUle, Sacramento,
Wooilland. Kulghts Land lag.
MarnTiUa, OroTllle 10:49 a
4iB«pKUes, Han Joae and Stockton 7>l3p
StOOrSan Francisco and Los Angeles
- limited. Fresno, Bakenfleld, Los
Angslss O:4Sv
S:»Or Stockton, Meiced. Fresno. 18sl5p .
*i3Or MarUnes, Tracy. Ifendota, Fresno.
Mojave, Santa ITarbara and I.os
Angeles 9U3A
1S:OOP Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Idtti* Rock. flt.
Louis, Chicago and East 19:45.4
■■•r iSaote Fe Route, At.«..i.)c I'.xurcss
for Moja»e and Kiut £ff»
OiOOr Kuropeaii Mail, (»»il«n and Kast.... oi43\
OiOOp HayVards, NOes and San Jose ,If2 A
•««O»r VaTie}p •■• 12i15p
tTiOOr Vallejo, Port Oosta and Way Sta-
ttons_ JB»4a»
SiOOp Oregon Kxttress,Baor»ineiito, Marys-
»ille. lU<l4iug, rortlaiiil, Puget
Botmda«d East •" SilSa
do:O3r Snnset Limited. Fresno, Los
ADgnles, El Paso. Kew Orleans '*$*?*
and&lit ..■■■■.. 61i45»
" Hklt LICAM»UO AjTll lIAYWAUIM LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Btreet.)
~" "\ Metros*. Jlemlsjarj Park, T~
■iOOa HtchU«r|r. Klmnarst, «i«sa.
<9iooa 8a» Leandro, Saa . (*9i43jl
lO.OOa Leandro, KsUdlllo, 12*12*
aiiOOA Larcnto, Cherrj « "•«*-2 p
!»•♦» sb.! *I S I' F
*«••» < Bm. tanrti* to MHss 7M '
J I From Nile*. I.
' tOkhi l>lVl«.<tN tf arrow Aa«ff^.
(Toot o< Market Street.) ■
" »il#A»jw^.6emiir.ul..BanJoae.Pelton.
BoulJf»Creek,B«n>UOrazaadWay
Sfifima. • 3tB4^
•««18p K«vark"Ceaternne,Jßao Jose, Now
Almaden. Venoa, Bonlder Creek.
Saota Crtti and Principal W»f M _*
Statlont MOtSO*
4i1.1r Rnrark. Saa and Los Oatcs. . . »:20a
tlli43p Hunters' Exeszsion, San Jose and
Way Btetfons t 7 '—'
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrunSil mJCISCO— ro«t t( >srkit Street (Ilii 8)—
•T:18 9:00 11:00*.*. tl:30 *2:03 13:09
■ *i:00 t8:00 *e:39F.M.
rrsa OtIURS— F»t »f Brssdwsj.— 8:00 10Mi.ll.
113:00 '1:00 |tt:00 *3:00 11:00 '"B.OQfJi.
- r ~ r ~' COAST lUVMION (Broad «*■§*>). "
(Third and Townsend Bta.) ■
7:00 a San Jose and Way HUtlous (New ""*
Almaden Wedneodan only) li3O»
•iOOa Hut Jose, Tras Finos, Hanta Cruz.
Paclßa U»i>»9, Paso Robles, San
Lnts Obtspo, Gnadalnpe, Surf and
Prinelpal Way SUtioua 4ilop
lOi4oi Bau Joss and Wajr Btattoiis •SittOA.
lIiSOa Baa Jose and Way Stations B<33a
•*i43r San Mateo, Redwood. Menio Park..
Palo Alto, Santo Clara, Hau .loss,
Otlroy. HoUlster, Saata Cms,
Salinas, Monterey aud . Pacific
Gro*e 'lOiJH
1 •SiaOrSaiiJoseandWairßlatloiis *9iOOa.
•4ilsp Baa Jose and Principal Way Stations 9i4Sa
•3rOOpBan Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:83 a
•lilOp San Joss aul Principal Way Stations si3or
«:aopBan Jose and Way Stations 7tBop
I tll:4ap San JoeeandWay 8t&-.loon 7:30p
i ' A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Nnndars eioented. t Snndays only. ♦ Saturdays only
' and Thursdays. aTu**dsys and Saturdays.
• *9atn-dars and Wednesdays. 6Thnrsd*T» and Sundays.
' CiIIfOLXU NORTSWESTESN RY. COL'
L3SSEE
- SAN FBANGISGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
; Slteroß F»rT7. Poet «i AUr kot St.
I -_*AN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAK&. —
WEEK DATS— 7:SO, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; U:*.
t:»0, 6:io. 6:10 p. m. Thursdays— Extrm trt»
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— £xtra trlpa at I:4*
and 11:30 p. m.
6UNDATS-«:00. 9:10. U:CO a. m.; IM. tM.
S:00, «:£» p. m.
BANRAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:60, 9:20. U:io a. m.: 11:45.
1:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Kxtra trips a*
IM and €::'* P. m.
SUNDAYS— U:IOV 9:«. 11:10 a. m.; l:4t, t:4t,
1:00 6.25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Ecbuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
T Leave Ajrrtvs
San Francisco. In Effect Ean Francisco.
— October I*. •
Week I Bun- 1593. Sun- Week
Days. I days. Destinatloa. days. Days.
T am 8:00 Novato, 10:40 S:49ant
1:10 pm 9:30 airM Petaluma. 6:lopm 10:25 am
l:l»pm W9pnJ Santa Rosa. ?:BSpm i:Upa
i Fulton,
fdtta Windsor, ■ l»J*aas
Healdsburc
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
S:Sopm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:13 pm f:a;n
" *■-» Bopland and
f:Mam 8:00 am Ulclan. 7:85 pm taapni
1:13 10:2 Sana
8:00 am Guernevill*. 7:Jspm
■:10 pm ■ - ___ 'jMpai
1:10 am 8:00 am Bonoma 10:40 am 8:40 an»
and
1:10 pm S-.eOpm Glen Ellen. <:10pm t:t»t>m
I I:toam 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am 10:25 aai
1 |:Sopm B:OOpra ) 7:35pm 6:2?pn»
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey.
•ervilie for Skagps Springs; at Cloverdals fop
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Sprints,
Bifbland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad!
prlngs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Baxtleti
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
; fprings. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley.
• Jobs Day's. Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell's.
lanhedrin Heights, Hullvtlle. BooneTUle. Orr'a
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragx.
; Wsstport. Usal. WilUtta. Laytonville. Cum-
mlnrs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dytr.
Scotia and Eureka. .
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all pclata
fctyosd Baa Rafael at naif rates. -
Ticket Offices. SSO Market at.. Chronlcfo bids.
H. C WHITING, R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Ckn. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SsuusUito Perry.
1 FROM SAN FIIANCISCO TO MILU-VALJJEX
AND SAN lIAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— I:2}. *9:ZO, 11:00 a. m. ; *1:45.
8:46, 6:15. •6:00, 6:30 p. m.
j EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •10.00, »ll:30 a. m.; *1:15.
i 1:00. *4:30. 6:15 p. m.
' Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. •6:35. 7:45. »9:30 a. m.:
•11:20. 2:20, *J:45, 6:06 p. ra.
i EXTRA TRIPS or. Mondays, Wednesdays
' and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:2O. *8:00, •10: CO, »:l:86 a. ra.;
•1:18, »3:10. 4:40. *6:tO-p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.;
! U:35, 2:45, 2:50, 5:20 p. m.
! EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
■ and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. 13:05. 1:20. 3:JB.
1:00. 1:20 p. m.
■■■,:■■ THROUGH TRAINS.
7:JO a.m. week Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:0* a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. •
From Jan. 28. 1899. trains wlllrun as follow*:
South-bound . I I North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. ( . 1 Mixed. I Passen-
ger. Sunday] | Sundayi ger.
Dally. Exo'ptd| SUtiona. Exc'ptdlDaily.
7:lo am 10:80 am Stockton | S:4spml 6:oopm
1:10 am 2:o6pm . Merced 12:40pm) 4:13 prn
10:40 am B pm Fresno I 9:3o ami 2:42pm
U:BSam 7:45 pm Hanford ■ | 7:4s ami 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am - BakersneTd j 2:COamill:ooam
11:5? am 6:25pm . Visalla [ 6:40 ami I:22pm
12:15pm 6:63 pm - Tulare ] s:soam| l:Cspm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required-
For, particulars of stage and other connections
j Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
street, San Francisco. -• - "
Weekly Gall, $1.00 Ber Year
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
DEMOCRATS
REPUDIATE
THE EXAMINER
W.B.English's Scath
ing Denunciation.
YELLOW PAPER A TRAITOR
SAYS IT WANTS PARTY MONEY,
WHICH IS SCARCE.
Dr. E. H. Wooisey Elected Chairman
of the Oakland Convention and
the Committeemen
Named.
OAKLAND, Jan. 31.— When Chairman
Con Brosnahan called the Democratic
convention to order to-night he reviewed
what he called the slaughtering of the
party in this county since 1896. He re
ferred to the two attempts at fusion and
6ald that on each occasion the party had
been sold out to the Republicans. When
nominations for chairman were called for
Charles IfcCleverty wanted to know why
the chairman of the City Central Commit
tee did not call the convention to order.
Chairman Brosnahan said that the city
committee had empowered the. committee
of twenty-one to act and that everything
was right and proper.
Warren B. English then took the floor
and denounced the Examiner. "The Dem
ocratic party of this county," he said,
"has been discredited by the Examiner,
which paper has been supported by the
Democratic party, I might say, since time
immemorial. The Examiner has no cause
for the charge that it has made against
the Democracy of Oakland. It should
have waited till it saw the personnel of
The convention and of the ticket which
It will nominate. The Examiner carries
on a business to make money and it is
hard just now to get anything from the
Democracy, so the paper that could do a
great deal of good for the party it pro
fesses to serve is now doing a great deal
of harm. All we want is a square deal,
«nd I say it is an outrage to assail us. I
hope the' Examiner will be advised of the
facts surrounding this convention. I was
a warm personal friend of the late Sena
tor Hearst, a noble man and a Democrat,
who made the Examiner and who gave j
everybody a square deal. We ask for a i
square deal on this side of the bay and !
that is all. I nominate Dr. E. H. Wool- j
Bey for chairman of this convention."
The doctor was elected by acclamation.
On assuming charge of the convention.
Chairman Wooisey named the following i
committees:
Order of business— Dr. P. S. Coke. W. j
H. Lemon, James Singen, M. T. Holland, |
Walter Laymance, Ernest Abraham, D. j
S. Parker.
Credentials— E. Murphy. W. J. Smythe. i
R. Armstrong, H. E. Hopkins.. John M.
English, J. J. Landregan, S. K. Lemon.
Platform and resolutions— F. Leonhardt, i
A. Bruenn, Harold Martin. H. D. Senram.
W. B. English, Martin Ryan, B. F. Stet- j
pon.
The reports on credentials and order of
business were perfunctory affairs and
were quickly adopted.
The convention then elected the follow- ,
Ing City Central Committee:
First Ward— J. C. Bullock, Fred Leon
hardt.
Second Ward— J. P. Smyth, Leslie Mc-
Killican.
Third Ward— J. F. Conners, W. B.
White.
Fourth Ward— M. J. Holland, Pat Gal
lagher.
Fifth Ward— J. W. Laymance, Con Bros
nahan.
Sixth Ward— P. E. Dalton, Hiram Lut
trell.
Seventh Ward— M. J. Laymance, J. W.
Baker.
As the committee on platform and reso
lotions wanted more time to report, the j
convention adjourned to Thursday night. |
MTAYDEN RELEASED
FOR THE THIRD TIME
JUDGE HALL DECIDES AN IM-
PORTANT POINT.
Klondiker Goes Free Because of No
Evidence That He Committed
Crime in Seattle.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 31.
D. A. McFayden. the Klondiker, who j
was arrested last Saturday on a telegram
from Seattle, was again released this af
ternoon on a writ of habeas corpus.
McFaydpn, according to the telegram,
is charged with "larceny by embezzling"
JI6SS belonging to Phil Hampton. Yester
day McFayden, by his attorney, T. F.
Garrity, sued out a writ of habeas corpus,
•which after a tedious hearing, was grant
ed by Judge Ellsworth on the ground
that there is no law authorizing a Jus
tice of the Peace in one State directing
the peace officers of another State to ar
rest any person. No sooner had McFay
den been released than Detectives Shorey
and Hodgkins rearrested him on a charge
of being a fugitive from justice, preferred
by Hodgkins.
Late last night McFayden was released
on a certified check for $1000 bail, fur
nished by W. W. Watson, Dr. F. J. Todd
and J. J. Carroll, and this morning Lin
Church, as attorney for McFayden, sued
out a second writ of habeas corpus be
fore Judge Hall, who in once more re
leasing the prisoner decided an important
point.
The telegram on which McFayden was
arrested stated that the latter was
charged before a Seattle Justice with the
crime of "larceny embezzlement," as did
also the affidavit of Detective Hodgkins.
Judge Hall decided, under citations of
fered by Attorney Church, that this is
not sufficient; that the prisoner cannot
be held even awaiting extradition papers,
unless there is some evidence that a crime
has been committed, and, moreover, the
crime must be actually charged. There
fore, since the affidavit declares that Mc-
Fayden i:; a fugitive from Justice and al
leges that he i.s charged with crime but
In reality does not charge him, he was re
leased.
It was stated from the District Attor
ney's office that no further effort will be
made to hold McFayden. The latter is a
resident of East Oakland, where he has
a wife and child. He returned recently
from Dawson City, where he owns one of
the largest saloons. He vigorously denies
Hampton's charge and swears that he
never knew his accuser to possess $1655.
Asks for Change of Venue.
OAKLAND, Jan. 31.— 1n the suit brought
last month by Lady Mary Lellah Yarde-
Buller, Ralph K. and Arthur K. Blair,
by their guardian ad lltem apainst Ernest
H Wakeman, for an accounting and re
moval of the latter as trustee of the
Yarde-Buller estate, defendant to-day
filed a demand and motion for a change
of venue. In an accompanying affidavit
Trustee Wakefield avers that he is not,
and was not at the time of the commence
ment of the suit, a resident of Alameda
rounty, and that he resides in San Fran
o'ifico where the suit should be held. His
attorneys, Dunne & McPike, also filed to
day a general demurrer to the complaint.
Principal Greenman Arrested.
OAKLAND, Jan. 31.-Pnncipal Green
man of the Lockwood School was arrest
£* to day on a warrant sworn out In
Judge &n's court by Mrs. Louis Corte
of Fruitvale, who charges him with beat
ingher 8-year-old son. He was released
on bonds. „ .
Th*. man who always says exactly what
>« mea^s IB more numerous than popular.
PRIESTESS IS
NOW FREE TO
MARRY AGAIN
Mrs. Yates Quietly
Divorced.
HER DENIAL A MYSTERY
OBTAINED A DECREE OVER A
MONTH AGO.
When the Lady Went East She Said
It Was to Be Reunited to Her
Husband, Who Was
Waiting for Her.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 31.
Mme. Ellse Montague-Yates is free to !
marry whomsoever she pleases. It was
discovered to-day that a decree of divorce
had been granted her, and that it was
filed a month ago, but so quietly was it
all done that the Oakland Psychic Society :
j was not aware that its high priestess was j
j an interesting divorcee.
The proceedings in this case have been
j mysterious throughout, and Mme. Mon
tague, who, it is now said, is in Europe,
could undoubtedly give an interesting ex- ■
planation of the whole matter.
When she left Oakland several weeks '<■
ago there was a very affecting scene at j
j the Sixteenth-street depot, and the
< madame was assuring her friends that j
i there was no truth whatever in the story !
! that she was anxious to be divorced. She
: said with tears in her eyes that it was '
; all a cruel, horrid statement- and tbat she
loved her hubby and anticipated no .
I greater pleasure than Joining him in the
| East. The madame denied that she nad !
i given her sensational testimony, which !
was partly published, and in her sweet .
tones with her attractive French accent j
she authorized one of her intimate ac- ;
quaintances to publish a denial of the
whole story.
Since going East the madame's attor
neys have followed out her wishes, one of
her influential friends has exerted his in
fluence, and there now stands of record i
a judgment showing that on December
23 of last year Mme. Montague Yatea was
j released from the bonds of matrimony
i for the reason that her husband for four
i years has not contributed to her support, :
| has not exercised the privileges and rights
' of his position, ana has practically been
a deserter from his wife's home during
all of that time.
The great pressure brought to bear on
j Mme. Montague to get her divorce, even :
j against her own wishes, as she stated to j
I her friend.*, has invested the Incident with
] much public interest, as the celebrated l
| lecturess has a State reputation among
i psychologists. The granting of the di- I
v< rce is all the more peculiar because the '
j report waa so industriously circulated at
! the time of her departure that her bus
band was in a lucrative position with a ;
I Oaisndlan railroad, and that they were to
ibe reunited. All of these tales were false, ;
! and the story of the madame's romantic ■
life and attempt to secure a divorce, !
; which extended over tr.ree years and
which were published in full in The Call
last December, are absolutely verified by
the records.
Since the madame's departure the Oak
land Psychic Society has gone out of ex
] istence, and the only remnant of it now i
to be found is when a few of the members
gather together and gossip about their i
j late leader's varied and mysterious ex-
I periences in this city.
REVIVAL OF GOLDSMITH.
Professor Syle Expects to Present an
Eighteenth Century Comedy Be
fore an Academic Audience.
BERKELEY, Jan. 3L— Professor Louis
Dupont Syle o.f the English department
of the University of California is prepar
ing to present an eighteenth century
comedy in the university town before
long. The drama selected is Goldsmith's
"A Good Natured Man," of which Pro
fessor Syle has made a special adaptation.
The presentation is intended principally
for an academic audience, the play having
never been given on the Pacific Coast bt
fore. It was presented two years ago at
Harvard under the direction of one of
the professors of the English department
there and proved quite a success.
Professor Syle has set Charter day.
March 23, as the date of performance. The
cast is composed exclusively of Universi
ty of California students and consists of
the following: Sir William Honeywood,
Harry H. Hirst; Charles Honeywood.
A. J. Elston; Mr. Croaker, F. T. Biolctti
Lentine Croaker, Victor Henderson; Mr.
Lofty. M. H. Schwartz; bailiff, J. B
Southard; postboy, F. G. Dorety; Jarv:
Lawrence. L. Green; Miss Richland. Mi;-
Lula J. Simpson; Mrs. Croaker, Miss X
Wolfenden; Olivia, Miss L. E. Moiler.
Old Railroad Employe Gone.
OAKLAND, Jan. 31.— William Willis
Judge, one of the oldest employes of the
Southern Pacific Company, died -nt his
home on Franklin street last evening.
Everybody in the employ of the company
has heard" of William Judge, who has been
a faithful servant for nearly thirty years.
For a long time he was employed on the
railroad's wharves in San Francisco, and
has been in charge of some very intricate
undertakings in the mechanical depart
ment of the company. The deceased was
59 years of age. ana had been an active
worker until a few weeks before his
death.
Held for Grana Larceny.
I OAKLAND, Jan. 31.— Paul Key was held
i to answer before the Superior Court on a
, charge of grand larceny to-day by Re
i corder Bradford of Emeryville, with bail
I fixed at $1000. Key was arrested a few
days ago at the racetrack on complaint
of John J. Wall, who accused him with
having stolen his pockctbook containing
pool tickets for the races. • Key was rep
resented by a San Francisco attorney,
who set up as a defense that the tickets
were of no value, since the horse on which
they had been played did not come in,
: but without avail.
Adelina Patti" has a fortune estimated
at $3,500,000, and it is understood that a
considerable part of it is /to be dedicated,
after her death, to the promotion of musi
cal education in various ways, and to
philanthropic undertakings.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
PREVENTS HEMORRHOIDS
and CURES CONSTIPATION
GET THE GENUINE.
WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION.
THE SAX FRAK CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1899.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
WATER WORKS
FILE REPORTS
Increase Is Shown in
Their Profits.
SIXTEEN THOUSAND TAKERS
CITY BATE WILL BE FIXED
THEREFROM.
Statement Made to the City Clerk
Yesterday by the Oakland,
and Contra Costa Com
panies.
Oakland Office San FranclFco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 31.
The water companies filed their annual
statements with the City Clerk this even-
Ing, giving the data upon which the City
Council must fix rates for the next fiscal
year.
The Contra Costa Water Company re
ports receipts and expenditures during
1898 as follows:
Water rents from all sources except
tor public uses and San Leandro,
as follows $167.438 54
Water rents from city of Oakland.... 14,136 60
Water rents trom town of Berkeley. 2,079 26
Water rents from town of Emeryville. 248 19
Water rents from county of Alameda.. 2.272 8u
Water rents from town of San Leandro G. 964 72
Total $192,190 16
Land rents 510 00
Total operating expenses $ 62.761 36
Total construction expenses 87,590 66
Hills receivable for note 56 50
Hills payable paid to reduce floating
debt ._ 39,736 23
Bond account proceeds
sale bonds $150.000 00
Cash on hand January 1,
189S 25.054 37
Cash on hand December SI,
1898 61,050 71
Total $367,754 63
The report of the Oakland Water Com
pany is as follows:
Total receipts $19?,5#3 88
raid fnr real estate and plant 66.842 81
I'ajd for operating expenses 48. "53 37
Paid few taxes 14,615 37
Paid for interest 55.4157 95
Paid account bills receivable 1,337 60
Returned overpaid water rents 526 10
Cash balance, January 1, IS9B 6.210 68
Total $192,843 S8 I
The Contra Costa Company Is serving i
7350 customers and the Oakland Company ]
6885. I
TO MANAGE THE
FOOTBALL TEAM
fJERKELEY. Jan. 31.— The election for
Da new football manager at the Univer
sity of California to-day resulted In
the choice of Irwin J. Muma, who de
feated his opponent by a vote of 237 to
140. The election was quite closely con-
tested and formed the principal topic of
interest among the Berkeley collegians
this morning and afternoon. Only mem
bers of the University Athletic Assocla-
IRWIN J. MUMA.
tion were entitled to vote. The Australian
ballot system prevailed throughout, the
polls being open from 9 o'clock in the
morning till 4 o'clock in the afternoon.
Shortly before 6 o'clock the result became
known.
Muma belongs to the Junior class at
Berkeley. He was assistant to last year's
football manager, Everett J. Brown
whose policy he will undoubtedly follow.
He intends to make every effort to secure
Garrett Cochran to coach the U. C.'s foot
ball team for next season.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 31.— The butchers of
Alameda gave a dance this evening at
Encinal Hall for the benefit of Henry
Farron, a disabled member. The com
mittee of arrangements consisted of
Erneat Probst. Richard Noy, Walter Mc-
Donell, Charles Ohme and Farmer San
ford.
The Catholic Ladies' Aid Society gave
an entertainment last evening at La
fayette Hall. The proceeds went to the
relief fund of the society. Those who
took part in the programme were: Col
onel J. J. Tobln, Hugh Gallagher, Mrs
Wilbourn, Mrs. V. Hutton-Smith. Miss
Augusta Fredericks, Mrs. L. K. Lipman
Arthur G. Burns, Master Will H. Rice'
THIS HAND MAY POINT
TO A BLOODY TRAGEDY
Two Theories of the Grim Relics Found in
a Boxcar in Aiameda.
ords discloses no missing man or
posed of In such a manner.
The authorities across the bay haven theory that the relics were placed
where they were found by some medical student, who took that means to din
pose of his "subject," and having formed that theory are quite content to
accept it without further investigation. In support of this theory they refer
to the fragments of flesh adhering to the bones, which have the appearance
of being partly rooked, as thouph coming from the caldron of a medical col
lege. Besides, they say, the flesh sh >ws evidence of having been cut as
though with a scalpel.
But those who believe that the unknown hand points to a trag
edy say that a student would never go to all that trouble; that the
cooked appearance of the flesh can readily be accounted for in other ways. •
Which theory is correct?
Miss S. C. Rice, G. A. Nissen, Miss Green
well, Miss Kmma Postel.
The graduating exercises of the class of
"63 of the Scjuiggsville Select School were
held this evc-ning at the Unitarian Church
and were attended by a large crowd.
The Squtprgsville Wind and String Band
had charge of the musical numbers on
the programme.
Gounod's "Messe Sollennelle" will be
rendered at St. Joseph's Catholic Church
next Sunday with full choir and or
chestra. , . ..
Some inhuman person jabbed a knife
into a setter dog belonging to the Sher
man-street fire house yesterday and the
animal nearly bled to death.
Altvater Contestants Win.
OAKLAND. Jan. 31.— The contestants in
the estate of the late David Altvater have
Avon an important point. Judge Hall to
day denied the petition of the widow to
set apart the property on Benton street,
Alameda, for her use as a homestead.
Ills Honor, moreover, said that he con
sidered the appraisement on the property
too low, it being appraised at $1500. The
execution and motion to tax costs was
also set aside.
LOONEY WAS NOT BADLY
ENSNARED BY GRACE
PARTED WITH ONLY $5 OF GOOD
COIN.
Humorous Witness at the Trial of
Marriage Schemers Bain and
Allison.
The trial of the Allison-Bain combina
tion in the United States District Court
for using the mails with Intent to defraud
was resumed yesterday before Justice de
Haven. The monotony of the proceed
ings was relieved by W. E. Looney, an
other prospective victim of the matri
monial schemers. He made a voluble
and facetious witness, and gave his an
swers to the attorneys in a short, snappy
way, as If he regarded the matter as a
huge joke. He is entirely different from
J. L. Duprey, the aged victim, who acts
in a fur.ereal, matter of fact way during
his examination. «-'•«.
Dupriy was a little forgetful about the
ifierviews he had with his fair charmer.
Several more of his letters were produced
in evidence, and one in particular, where
he answered the questions on the printed
circular, was amusing. He filled in the
blanks to the effect that he was consid
ered handsome- by his friends, was
healthy, not much of a singer, but could
dance splendidly. Considering that Du
prey is a man of sixty years this caused
a ripple of laughter throughout the court
room. He thought Mrs. Allison had too
much money— a little less would have suf
ficed. He had never made a personal ap
plication to get his presents back, but
his lawyers had done so. The piano was
returned to him, but the drapery cover
he had not as yet received.
In the afternoon Looney was placed on
the stand and did not mince words in his
replies. He testified to seeing the per
sonal in a Seattle paper in Skaguay re
garding Grace Allison, receiving a circu
lar in reply to his letter to Bain's matri
monial agency. In it the charms of the
fair Grace were minutely described. When
Looney came to this city in August last
he refused to treat with the agency, say
ing that he was competent to do his own
courting. After interviewing the lady he
informed Bain, who was known to him as
Curtis, that he must have stretched his
Imagination a little bit in describing her
beauty. Incidentally Looney parted with
$5 as a registratiqn fee in the matrimonial
concern, for which h^ received a receipt
produced in evidence. He asked Bain to
return the coin later, but this the latter
refused to do.
Looney said he was also in communica
tion with a New York agency in the same
line as. Bain's at that period, and had
also answered several personals of like
tenor to Mrs. Allison's. When he went to
see her in her apartments at 415 Jones
street. Bain desired to accompany him,
but Looney would not have it that way.
After he was ushered into the presence
of the lady, Looney said they had some
conversation, part of which was as fol
lows:
About the first Question she asked of
Looney was, "Are you a wealthy man?"
Looney replied that it did not matter,
since she had stated in her correspond
ON a banch in the rear room of Dep
uty Coroner Fowler's office in Ala
meda Is a pasteboard box containing
the human arm and shoulderblade
found In the recesses of a boxcar last Sat
urday night. All efforts on the part of the
authorities to unravel the mystery of
Brakeman Gentry's grisly discovery have
proved unavailing, and Mr. Fowler only
awaits an d^der from his superior to
finally dispose of the last evidence of —
possibly a hideous crime.
Careful inspection of the bones, and par
ticularly the fingers, indicates that they
are those of a woman; not a part of the
frame of a young, tenderly nurtured and
refined girl, but rather of a large, proba
bly hard-working woman, for the nails
which still cling to the shriveled parch
ment-like cuticle show few traces of man
icuring. It is quite possible, however,
that the bones are those of an under
sized man, but whose or whence they
came will probably never be revealed.
The car In which they were discovered
was loaded with coal at the Southern Pa
cific Company's mines In the Rocky Moun
tains and was switched direct to Ala
meda Point, where It was unloaded late
Saturday* afternoon. It was then swept
out thoroughly and switched over to the
transfer station. The bones could not have
been in the car then, but were undoubt
edly deposited there late that night.
There is only one person known in Ala
meda to whom the bones could possibly
have been a part. That is the Stanford
student, Adolph vjoetz, who so myste
riously disappeared one night last Novem
ber. Careful search of the Oakland rec
woman who could possibly have been dls-
ence that she had money enough for
both.
Then the slangy Grace said, "Well, I
wouldn't marry a man who was 'on the
I'Og.' "
After a little more talk, during wnlch,
the Allison woman became angry, she
flounced up and said, "I want you to
know that I am no red stocking." Looney
replied. "I don't care what color stock
ings you wear," and indulged in further
repartee which he gleefully related.
Looney denied the impeachment that he
was looking for a woman with money, al
though he had no particular objection to
her having a little. He also denied that
he had ever been in hiding to prevent
himself from being a witness in the case.
lax Collector Sheehan was put on tne
stand to testify as to Mrs. Allison being
on the assessment roll or not, but when
ho was interrogated on the point Attor
ney Crowley for the defendants inter
posed an objection, which was sustained
by the court, who held that the evidence
was framaterial.
The case will be resumed this morning
when F. Schenck, another gullible Indi
vidual, will go on the stand.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
B T Kelly. Courtland E H Wlnshlp. Napa
1} Mighavaeca. Napa R Raymond, Napa
J W Dunlap, Cal Dr B Gordon, Salinas
ii \\ Grave, Skaguay C Gishel, Honolulu
C C Dey, w & eh, Utah H Walters, Honolulu
U O Currey. Dixon ,Mrs P Rewman, S D
A Selder. New York |V Van Dike, Llvermore
E J Brlscoe, Cal |H McKee & w. S Jose
G H Green, Sn Rafael \V C Waters, Cal
J R Todd, Sacto |\v D Pinkston, Auburn
r Thoelfall,. Cnl ,W S Green, Colusa
J D Smith. Danville 'J W Laing, New York
A L Paddleford, Cal iM J Boggs & w, Coluea
W C Ames, Oakland jT W Bowen Los Ans
H H Halght, Oakland |E Brugagne, Idaho
r B Short, Red Bluff F Defendener & w Cal
J M Brown, Seattle T C Zuck, Gllroy
J Q Smith. Maine A J Larson, Lodl
(} Lauck, Santa Clara F G Cary, Lodl
J C Hall, Redlands F Meckel, Cleveland
W Lewis, Chicago jM Zlmmer, Mannheim
Ade Witt, Portland Ip Young, Seattle
PALACE HOTEL.
R D Davis. Sacto A B Butler, Fresno
L E Thayer, Chicago O P Barnes. Chicago
F H Figel, S Clara 3 H Gunn. N V
O P Moore, Omaha W Holablrd, L Ana
J E Clarke, Omaha E M Ross. L Ang
T (' Ryan, Kansas Mrs Ross, L Ang
E Wortmann, N V |M Howell Jr, Term
Mrs Wortmann V 'S H Merrill, S Cruz
\V G Tiffany. NT 'F Jennings. Salt Lake
\V H Llewellyn, N T J F Dunne, S Felipe
T. S r.«edy, Stanford ,Mrs Dunne, S Felipe
J Maclnnes, Benlcla IE W Cllnkman. Ind
V v. holmes, Chicago IH Bush. Stanford
Mrs Holmes, Chicago IA Wasson & w Sacto
T Johnston, Chicago I Newell & w, U S A
J F Duane, N V J McPherson, Mexico
F Patterson, Alasa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Cllne. Utah |A S Johnston, Montana
T H Kelsey, Petaluma JT Halamuda, Fresno
T Claussen. San Jose ;J E Hall. Sacto
J Mulroy, Vlsalia 'E J Moore. Eureka
C M Powers, Sta Rosa 'J Moore, Eureka
J D Hamilton, Los Ang >J Smart, San Antonio
S Bernard, R!o Vista W L Foley, Seattle
J F Swan, Sui sun J D Wilson, Portland
W P Howard. Buffalo F Kinsman, Stockton
E Williams & fm, 111 'C Jorgensen, Stockton
■ m ■
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Jan 31— Ship Flor
ence, for Sydney.
- ■ Arrived Jan Nor bark Fantasl, from Port
Townsend.* ...
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
. NEW..YORK— SaiIed Jan 31— Stmr Bovlc, for
Liverpool; stmr Sr^ile, for Bremen; stmr
Ethiopia,' for Glasgow. ■ ■■.■,-
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Jan Stmr Nomadic,
for New York. •■- .W*'a)att* m t*E&*ttuaM*seg%
' PHILADELPHIA-Sailed : Jan Stmr Co
rean, . for Glasgow. '•',• • '■'•'•'}
DIVIDEND NOTICL.S.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Notice is hereby given
that at a meeting of the oard of Directors
of the Central Light and Power Company,
held this day, an order was duly adopted,'
distributing by way of dividend, on or after
February 1, 1899, to the stockholders of said
corporation, the shares of stock of the Equit
able Gaslight Company, '~:longlng to said
Central Light and Power Company, subject
to the pooling agreement now In force.
Pursuant to paid order said stock will be
placed In escrow, subject to said pooling
agreement, in lieu of the certificate Issued by
said Equitable Gaslight Company to said
Central Light and Power Company. By or
der of the board.
J. W. PATISON, Secretary.
San Francisco, Jan. 21, 1899.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 89 (flfty cent*
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the com
pany, 327 Market St.. on and after Wednes
day, February 1, 1899. Transfer books will
close on Thursday, January 28, 1899, at 1
o'clock. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
KKETISG 'NOTICES:
MOUNT Moriah . Lodge No. 44, F. and jT~
A. M.— Stated meeting THIS (WED- _J%
NEBDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. JLJ?
: THEO. FROLICH. Secretary, /Y 1
CROCKETT Lodge No. 189, F. and A. ; ■ J
M., . Chapter ■' Hall, • Masonic Temple. _J\_
Stated meeting THIS (WEDNES- jCJt
DAY) EVENING, February 1. at 7:30 /^r >
o'clock. H. FORTRIEDE, Sec.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. • '<
M.— Stated meeting THIS (WEDNES-^\
IiAY) EVENING, February 1, at '^OTKJT
o'clock. /^r >
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
MASONIC Cemetery Association.— The Bt
annual meeting of lot owners ln the _J%^
Masonic Cemetery will be held at the jKJf
Masonic Temple TUESDAY AFTER- ' ▼
NOON, February 7, 1899, at 2 o'clock, for
the election . of three -. trustees and such
business as may legally come before It.
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. 6. O. r- g -fr ,
F.— There will be an Initiation on ggjoßßg.
THURSDAY EVENING, Feb. 2, a^P»S ?
1599. It Is necessary that all mem-
bers attend. Vißltlng brothers cordially In-
vited. JOHN STEVENSON, N. G.
DR. F. D. ASH.WORTH, Rec. Sec.
FRANCO-AMERICAINE Lodge <s»*U^».
No. 207, I. O. O. F., will meet at zs<g2gs£=
Odd Fellows' Hall, THURSDAY -^Zfi»*S^
EVENING. February 2. Initla- ' '' - •
tion. Members of sister lodges are Invited to
attend. ♦ E. BLANQUIE, N. G.
A. GOUSTIAUX, Rec. Sec. .
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- <f]
Cisco Bricklayers' Association will be PI
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- - A W*
ING., February 1, 1899. at B. B. Hall. j/k Wrf
121 Eddy St., at 8 o'clock. A full at-^-fj? ,
tendance requested. Business of lm-*^ IT*
portance. B
E. J. BRANDON, President.
REGULAR meeting Austrian Benevo- _j>.
lent Society will be held WEDNES- gfcSS?^
DAY EVENING, Feb. 1, 7:30 sharp. «jjtNs?
' All the members are requested to be Jpj?K£s
present • for Important busines- and *W^
appropriation. By order
J. L. RADOVICH, President.
A. CONNICH, Secretary. . -
NOTICE of annval meeting.— The annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the San Francl.<;o
and San Mateo Electric Railway Co. will be
held at the office of the company, at 327
Market, on the 14th day of February, at 11
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a Board of
Directors to serve for the ensuing year, and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
W. CLAYTON, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Sierra Railway Company of California will
be held at the offices of the company, num-
bers 235. 236, 237 and 238 Crocker Building,
City and County of San Francisco, State of
California, on MONDAY, the 13th day of
February, 1899. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing directors
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may come before said
meeting. " •>.'.. —
Dated January 28, 1899.
JOHN M. BONNER. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco will be held at the office of the
company in the Union Trust Company's build-
ing, corner Montgomery, Post and Market
streets, San Francisco. Cal., on MONDAY,
the sixth day of February, 1899, at the hour
of 2 o'clock p. m., lor the purpose of electing
a board of directors to Berve for the follow-
ing year, the ai^»ndment of the by-laws of
the compan- and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the mee-t-
-lng. I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
THE . TRESTLE BOARD. $1 per year; ■["*
weekly, sc; monthly, 10c; sold by all _#\_
newsdealers. Office, 408 California St., lC5f
San Francisco. /^r'
CHEAPEST and best ln America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5530.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:SO
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tlons and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
LADIES desiring first-class help of all~natlon-
alitles can secure same by calling on or ad-
dressing MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ; phone
Grant 120. a
COMPETENT woman desires situation as nurse
to invalid or children; best reference; sleep
home.. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS second girl, also German cook,
best of references, desire situations. " J. F '
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St. *
AS nurse, 1 child; young German- American
girl, $12, wishes situation. MRS. LAMBERT
418 Powell st. Tel., Main 5332. .
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation for
housework, cook, wash and iron; moderate
wages; no objection to short distance in the
country. Call 551%. Howard st.
GERMAN girl wishes a place in an American
family to do cooking . or general housework.
Apply from 10 a. m. to 4 p. m., 5169 Fifteenth
Bt., bet. Noe and Sanchez.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman desires
place as working housekeeper or light house-
work; references; moderate wages. Call 912
Howard st.
SWEDISH girl, 3 months in America, wishes
situation ln small American family to do
general housework. Call «1 O:tl. St., corn°r
Franklin.
A SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
as nurse; would assist with sewing or up-
stairs work; good references. 589 O'Farrell st!
COMPETENT girl wishes situation . to take
charge of 1 or 2 children; willing to assist
with upstairs work. Call 3753 Seventeenth st.
RELIABLE young . woman wishes ' a situation
to do second work in private family; weges
$20 to $25. 690 McAllister st. No postals.
GOOD reader desires a position with an in-
valid or a blind person to read by the day
'or hour. Address box 1840. Call office. '
FIRST-CLASS cook desires a situation; will do
small washing; city or country: best of ref-
erences. Addres box 1710, Call office.
SITUATION wanted; competent <tirl; general
housework; good plain cook, \ddress box 21
Call branch office, 387 Hayes st. '
SITUATION wanted by woman who is a good
plain cook; no objection ;to the country. Q
W., box 1375. Call office. ,
YOUNG girl would like to assist In housework
or do chamberwork; wages $15. Call 1046
Folsom, room 8.
GERMAN lady wishes work by day or week.
. 10% Auburn, bet. Pacific and Jackson, Mason
and Taylor.
A WOMAN wants work in a restaurant or
work by the day of any kind. Call 22 De
Boom st.
COMPETENT woman, good cook and second
girl, wants position; city or country. 828
Geary st. ■
NEAT Swedish girl would like position as cook
in an American family. 424 Brannan st..
near Third.
GERMAN girl wishes general housework; give
good references. ; 528 Bryant st. '
POSITION by a young lady as waitress. Call
or address 832 Treat aye., ■ near 22d st.
RELIABLE woman wishes washing and lron-
Ing by the day; ring bell. 5 Fourth st.
STRONG young womdh would like to do wash-
ing and housework by the day. 1658 Market.
WANTED— Position as cook or general house-
work by a competent girl. 1013 Mission st.
SWEDISH w.oman wishes work by the day or
week, cooking or housecleaning. 132 Church.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT, 418 Powell st.. telephone Main
5332., girls of all nationalities desire positions.
COLORED woman wishes day's work of any
kind, or office cleaning. Address 19% Church
aye., near Powell st., off Broadway.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general
housework. < 223 ~ Eleventh st. • . •
SWEDISH girl desires situation at chamber-
work or general housework. Call 1314 Baker.
PROTESTANT woman wishes situation In
American family .to do cooking and light
washing. Call 1024% Geary st.
RELIABLE . elderly Protestant woman wishes
' position to do " general ■ housework .ln . small
family; Is good plain cook. Apply 673 Har-
rison at.
TOUNG lady wishes position :as companion to
lady or assist morning and evening for room
and board. Box 1724. Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes ' situation as nurse and
: help : with upstairs work; references if re-
qulred. Call for two days, 1t;3% Bryant' st.
COMPETENT girl- desires a situation to do
 general - housework ln ' city or country in . a
small American family; lately from the East.
316 Sutter st. : .. ;
YOUNG girl wishes position •to do general
housework and pi* in cooking; wages $18 or
$20; small American family. : 204 Flllmore st.
TOUNG lady wishes position by the day aa
dressmaker. 1 1125 Filbert et.
; • — ' ■-■--■
LADIES needing the services of a competent
nurse will find one at 429 Larkin st., rooms
' . 14 and 15; references : given. ■- • MRS. 'M. L.
BROWN.  , , : ■ • > ,* : .  - / . .
AN experienced • stenographer ' and typewriter
desires legal, architectural, , contracting and
letter work. , Address 412 Examiner building
EXPERIENCED German nurse In confine-
ments and other sickness desires enxare-
; ments; reterences. Address M. H.. 633 Port.'
- ■■ : ' "" ■ .■'".■".-■■■"■;"■•"-. - _■ ■
SITUATIONS WANTED —
ENGAGEMENTS^Ionday and Tuesday. wash-
Ing and ironing. Address box 688. Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kind*
. help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel Grant 66.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel.. East 438.
SITUATION wanted by a man, 30 years; un-
derstands thoroughly the care of fine horses
and carriages: handy with all kinds tools;
can furnish good • references. Address C. S.
WILSON. 127 Turk st. '. ' ■
BOOKKEEPER with many years' experience
and good references wants position. Address
box 1839, Call office.
WANTED— by practical experienced
gardener; city or country. Address W. C,
2307 Post st.
BRIGHT boy, 17 years, wishes a position
where advancement could be had; best refer-
ences. 1115 Steiner st.
NURSE and companion (experienced man)
' would undertake the care of invalid; terms
moderate. Address box 1848, Call office.
SITUATION by a delivery man: good driver:
city references. J. T. R.. 257 Natoma st.
CARPENTER wishes to work. in «hop; $2 day
in steady place; city or country. 2010 Leaven-
worth st. ' .' . '
MIDDLE-AGED German (married) wants posi-
tion as porter or for housework: handy with
tools and painting. E. X.. 82 East Park St.,
near Thirty-third st.
POSITION by respectable young man, with
good references; considerable experience with
creamery plants; anything of respectable na-
ture will do. Address H. F., 523 Folsom st.
ENGINEER. 30 years of age; strong and ac-
tive; repairing, pipe fitting and putting up
of all kinds of machinery; first-class refer-
ences. Box 1742, Call office.
TOUNG man with business education wishes
employment ln some wholesale house or of-
fice; has experience ln liquor business. Box
1740. Call office.
CAPABLE gardener; life experience in all
branches; references. Address H. 8., box I"3T,
Call oflfce.
YOUNG German butcher, with 3 years' ex-
perience, wishes a steady position. Box 1747,
Call office.
SOBER, middle-aged man (Swiss) wants posi-
tion as dishwasher, vegetable man or bed-
maker' in small hotel, boarding house or res-
taurant. Address box 1744. Call office.
EXPERIENCED porter, handy around horses,
also with tools, desires position. 8., box
1372, Call. ' '
SITUATION wanted by young man, 36, Ameri-
can, Just from the East, to work with painter
and general jobbing man; can paint and var-
nish; handy with tools; good reference. Box
1370, Call. ■
SITUATION wanted by a reliable man, 38. of
good address, to take care of horses, and
to do general housework; reference from last
employer. Box 1371, Call. !
TOUNG man, able to correspond In English,
French and German, and speaks Russian, de-
sires to Improve his position. Address ROUS-
SEAU, 686 Castro st. "..
BY young man of experience in asylum or to
wait on Invalid gentleman; references from
asylums in England and Australia. A. J.,
109 Fifth st. .. -
.GARDENER. English, single, 88, life experi-
ence, wishes situation as gardener 'or under
gardener on private place; first-class vege-
table grower, etc. Box 1667, Call office.
TOUNG Frenchman wants a situation In an
American family; wages no object; wants to
perfect himself in the English language. Ad-
dress A. C, 843 Pacfflc St. *_..'.^.;'./
WINCHESTER house. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $160 night; $150 to $«
week: convenient . and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. .
STEADT young man wishes position in store;
speaks English and French. 2328 Cal If ornia.
HIGH School boy of 18 wishes to learn the dru*
business. Box 1643. Call office.
HELP WANTED — FE3IALK.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ..Phone Grant ISS
Head waitress, city, $25; waitress, country
hotel, $22 50; 10 waitresses, different country
hotels, $20 and $25; 1-tnore chambermaid
Southern California, $20; chambermaid, coun-
try hotel. $20; cook, email country hotel, no
bread baking, no pastry, no dishwashing. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SWEDISH laundress, plain washing and iron-
ing for summer resort, $35; see party h«i-> »
o'clock. C. R. HANSEN CO., 104 Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & C 0.... ..'.... Phone Grar. V'
23 cooks and houseglrls, $25 and $20; your,-
girls, of all nationalities ■ for general house-
work and to assist, $12 to $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NURSEGIRL t care of baby 9 months old; no
fee. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 HOUSEWORK girls. Belvedere, $25 each, see
parties here; 2 French second girls, $12 and
■ $20; nurse. $25; laundress, $30; 15 housework
girls, city and country, $20 and $25; 8 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
COOK. $35: second girl. $25; housekeeper, $15.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, $20 and $25, hotels, city; 6
' waitresses, country hotels, $20 each; girl.
assist kitchen, $15; housework girl, 2 in fam-
ily, $12; 2 in family, housework girl. Ala-
meda. $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT girl, light housework, $15; nurse girl
$15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.\
HEAD waitress, $25; chambermaid, wait one
meal, city, $20; 12 waitresses, hotels and res-
taurants, $20. $25 and $6 week; cook, small
hotel, $25: and others. J. F. CROSETT &
• CO., 316 Sutter st.
TWO cooks, no wash, German and French
• style $30; 4 cooks in American and German
families, $25 and $30; 3 second glrl3, $20; 2
laundresses and chambermaid, $25; and a
large number of girls to fill situations in city
and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO 318
Sutter st. ;'
MURRAY & READT ..Phone Main 6848
WANT TO-DAY .............?;.
Strong laundress, plain h0te1.......; ....$25
Girl for light chamberwork and wash dishes
$4 week and board *
Woman with a child to cook for few men
ranch, near city, $10 '
Housework girls. $15 to $20; waitresses, coun-
try places. MURRAT & READY. 634 and
636 Clay st.
2 GERMAN cooks, $30, $25; German or Swedish
Becond girl, American family, $20; German
■ nursery governess. $23; 4 housegirls, • $15. $20;
3 young nursegirls, $12. MRS. LAMBERT
418 Powell st.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted to fill various
positions. GERMAN EMPLOYMENT OF-
FICE, 418 Powell st.
SECOND girl, $20; 2 nursegirt-3, $12 end $13;
cook. $30. and others. MRS. HIRD, 631 Lar-
kin st.
WANTED — Waitress, $25; country hotel.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
RESPECTABLE German girls and women.
MRS. E. KRAUSS, German Employment Of-
fice, 734 C Clementina st., near Ninth, be-
tween ■ Howard and Folsom.
WANTED— Scandinavian or German girl for
general housework in American . family of 2;
no washing; wases $15. Apply between 10
and 2. 2213 California st.
NURSE girl wanted— A young girl to take care
of children and uostairs work ln Berkeley
Apply 12 o'clock. 604 Clay, cor. Montgomery.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for housework*,
good home; moderate wages. 4135 Twentieth
st.; Castro-st. cars; 9-1 o'clock.
TEN salesladies for the removal sale of A
CAILLEAU'S. 48 Geary St., corner Grant aye.
Call from 9 to 10 o'clock.
OPERATORS on electric sewing machines on
shirts. GREENEBAUM, WEIL & MICH-
ELS. 531 Mission st. . '-
EXPERIENCED young woman for general
housework; eood cook and laundress. Call 10
to 12 a. m., 1821 Baker st. :
GOOD home for girl 15 or 16 years of age; small
wages; no washing or cooking. 1978 Union st.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl as plalncook
and laundress. Call afternoon 2627 California.
YOUNG girl to learn operating and finishing
Apply Alaska Fur Store, 963 Market St.
NEAT lrl for Keneral housework and assist.
_ 1218 A Fulton St.. bet. Scott and Devisadero. "
WANTED— Strong young girl; housework; $12'
after 10. 440 Fair Oaks st.
GIRL to help on custom coats and make " good
__button_holes. 784 Folsom st., bet. 3d and 4th.
GOOD reliable girl who can do plain cooking.
__for Merced City. 202 Second st.
COAT finisher; -*• must be experienced - button-
hole maker. 251 Eighth St.. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS lroner. 342 McAllister, st.
G st bak girl for bakery. Ao»>iv 142 Eleventh
. st. ; • bakery.
G m^ter 8:1 »t f ° r hoUBeworil ln J>aker v 675
Y^- Cafl^P^ s t are ° f Ch ' Mren; WagC9
W A 3 N < ?. EI> ~ YOU » ng bjgeejland^ housework.
679 Guerrero- st.. between, 4 and 5 p.m.
W^? T r ED '" G l t i fo r eneral housework. Apply •
__ 3 j*j Twentieth st., corner Capp.
G h£ MAN if lr « fo baker and: assist ln light
housework; $8. Bakery. 22d and Dolore. st*.. -.. HELP W.vNTKi>— Continued.
V -GERMAN girl or woman for light housework
■■'"■ i!T family '' t ' two; Alameda; ?10. Call before
•'■ '..'• :-. 118 California st.
.-,... ' WANTED—Experienced— Experienced operate** to sew on
.] -.- '. lnen s Bhirts a.nj underwear; a few ln»xperl-
"■• ::'■ enced will be taught. Aprty between 10 a. m.
>•- • and £ p. in. at tho L. ELKUS CO.. 29-31 8at-
.:,...;• tery st.
•:• -.^OPERATORS on white and flannel overshlrts;
■ :•••. a few inexperienced hands ta«n and taught.
.'.-■. EVI STRAUSS & CO., 36% Fremont st. [
<■-■.■' .FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats; also
:■'•••/•••- i>nitor and buy apprentice. 528 Howard st.
: " . .. '. HELI' W AN T O ALkT ~~
' AT C. R. HAN^E7TX^O. I S...l'MnirGranTlS
Laborers and teamsters, coast road, tree fare;
••.- • laborer* mountain railroad, 2-3 . fare free;
teamsters and laborers, new work, ship. this
• *:IV, morning; coal nilnera, see boss here; 10
• • '• woodsmen. $1 75 a (lay, see boss here: labor-
. ' ' t>rs for a railroad in the woods, see boss here;
2 miners, $2 50 a da] ; Sheet iron worker.
. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
.'RAILROAD camp cook. $40; cook and wife,
.. $60; pantryman, Jl5; boy to wash dishes, $10
"'- nnJ found; waiter boy, $10: bell boy, with |
'' •; -. references, $15; polisher, hotel laundry, $30
"... ' ' and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 G^ary.
' ;';..'• MURRAY & READY Telephone Main 5548
- ■■.- • ...leading Employment and Labor Agents...
.-'•;■" WANT TO-DAY.. ...'...
.'., 2 grafters for an orchard $26 and found
• ■": • 3 choreboys for ranches and private places....
6 farm, orchard and vineyard hands
Portuguese milker, Marin County i..
Man to take charge creamery $50
tt tie makers Sc, 9c and 12c each
16 woodchoppers $3 cord
6 laborers near city $1 75 day I
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay f-t. |
MARRIED Without children
Man and wife, ranch, mining town
$35 and found !
Man and wife, ranch $30 and found I
Choreman and wife, ranch $30 and found
Farmer and wife, see boss here early to-day..
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
10 HEADER men for a tunnel. $2 60 day. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
-GERMAN sheet Iron worker, city shop; black-
. - L . smith and horseshoer, country shop: metal
spinner: blacksmith on Bharea. MURRAY & f
.READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
.'■ .'SCOTCH gardener. $26 to $30 and found. MUR-
.• : . ; RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
•' '■ ' DRY goods clerk, country store; see bos 3 at
..... .our office. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
' .. . .: . -Clay st.
: . * t "PORTERS, hotel and saloon: bootblack, city ;
• '-> • shop. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay. j
. COOKS Walters Dishwashers
: .-•••'12 cooks for hotels, restaurants, saloons, I
• •'.. ' ranches, $50, $40, $30 and $20 and found: 6
• •' ••waiters, $25 and $20 and found; 5 dishwashers,
-■;.- $15 and $20 and found. MURRAY & READY,
;" •.' .-•' 634 and 636 Clay st. '
f ' ■■■ WANTED— Miner, $40 and board: laborer for I
• _•'•• mine, $26 and board; farmer and wife; man
. . , ' for orchard. $15 and board. Apply to J. F.
....„•• ■ CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st. |
:•'• ;••• WANTED— First-class chief cook, $100; pastry i
.. ; ' cook and baker, $75; restaurant waiter, $10
:• ■ week; and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT ■
' . & CO.. 62S Sacramento st. . .
••' MIDDLE-AGED man, must understand some- !
• thing about carpenter work; small pay. MISS j
' CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
:".':.-. MAN and wife. $35; good place; ranch. MISS '
; ; .-.- CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. |
?:•'■....' PENTIST tp go as partner outside the city;
.:. ■'...-.■.•.: no money required. Call between 4 and 5 p.
;;'.:■'_(:•: .m., at 318 Montgomery aye. . .
-I-' .-"!..; ■ YOUNG man to do light wo.rk In lodging house !
';; .; ;;;■- -for ' room, board and laundry; no wages.
■•'.■'£■•'■ Alpha House, 5 Market st.
:' ■-,.. STRONG • boy for store and tend horse; $15
.;.:;■ '■':..■'■' month. Address box 1383. Call office. !
' •'•'". '.^WANTED— Bushelman. PAUSON & CO.. 200
;■';•• . Kearny st.
■', '■.'. ... DISHWASHER and cook wanted. 405 Pacific
: .:.'.■ ■street. .'
. •'f- : DISHWASHER wanted at 613 Clay et.
"_.;; COOK wanted at 202 Ninth St. • '
..' BOY "to run- Gordon -presses. '• 623 Washington
'- . X street. .• ; . ""■ ' . - • ' - - I
■ " GOOD waiter -wanted. 134 Third st. ' ' '
.'• WANTED— First-class mineral water bottler;
..■•' also good mineral water salesman to sell and j
'.■■ ■;. ' deliver. 21S McAllister st |
•-..-. FOR SALE— Barber shop; cause of sale, sick- j
• ■.:..' ness. Inquire 107% Fifth st. j
'...''. $100— BARBER shop; 3 bathtubs; country. Ap- !
: ' : : '. ply at 119 Fourth st. i
: •;" ■ ' RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
'; •"''■ rise Corpe, • I'mted States navy; able-bodied. :
•• unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and 30
■•■•'• years, who are citizens of tbe United. States. !
;'•;. . ; or those who have, legally declared their la- !
•.-.'.. .';• tention to become such; must be of good char- ]
."•'.j- • . acter and habits and able to speak, read and
-•: - write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
= : ':-'. " and 6 feet In height. For further Information
'■■-, : : • • apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellia St.. ;
'.: ;••' ' San. Francisco, CaU .
-.' '. -.- WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know i
,'■'•■■■ '.that Ed Roikin. Reno Houm proprietor, still i
"'.■.:: runs Denver House. 217 Third s.t. : 150 large
•"; ;• . rooms, 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
'. .' • TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
• ' . ; nearly new. from 50c to $1 50; new shoes, !
' allghtly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission
•' :'••■ et.. bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
■ '•'■• SOBER, steady man for office: small capital;
;".•;. . rare chance; investigate. 41 Third, room S.
.vV'' YOUNG man, German, for lunch counter In
■;.■: saloon. Address box 1729, Call.
■ '•" GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 350
• ; .*\: to 50c. 662 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
.. .-/JEWELERS. 328 Bush St., room 4, third floor.
-• "r MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
. Francisco Barber College. 138% Eighth st.
'..' WANTED— At Montana House.. 764% Mission
•'' ". . St., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night ; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
.-.•MEN to learn barber trade;' easy terms; $10 !
'.. ' '• and $12. 1542 Market st. ■ - j
-.'•'. BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ- !
•: ' m't. H. Bernard, Sec. IM 7th; tei. Jessie 1164. |
' YOUNG men, f^amen. carpenters, blacksmiths.
•- ■ • for ships. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
' •; MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50: men's
so'.eing. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
;• -flee. S. FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.
••TRY Lin<lell House. Sixth and Howard sts.;
■ thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.: 15c. 25c night.
■"•- iINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c, 25cper night; 75c. $1
.-• to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House, SG3% Market gt.
'•" WANTED— To collect wages-due laborers and
• • . rks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
;■• BAILORS and ordinary , seamen- wanted at
' .." . LANE'S. 604 Davis et.. near Jackson.
"" ■INGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
. .• • ror-m, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
.- TRYAeme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
."_. • for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
* .'■ ' .WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Bt.. near Mar-
. • ket; 200 rooms, 26c night: reading-room: free
... 1 hus and baggage to and from the ferry.
";~~7~ AGENTS WANTED.
" AGENTS, both «exes, to sell Leather Luster;
' \ the best 25c article on earth. 352 Bush *t.
.'•jr. PARTNERS WANTED.
.■ WANTED^S2SO: partner In old-established ree- i
.' : taurant to tend cash counter; day work, not
'* •' . night; on account of sickness; pay $60 per
week. 84 Keamy st.. rooms 10-11.
• r. : ' '- ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
' -' 3 FURNISHED living rooms: ga« stove: $12 to
-: '• " $:.'; Twentieth to Twenty-ninth st., Mission.
""•• • . Addrets J.. 2526 Mission Bt.
: ; .; ~ \\ 'ELLANEOrs.
■ ."■'. PARTIES having second-hand Union. Regan or
; '■ '■' Pacific gasoline engine, 2-horse power, for
■.-•.■-■■ sale addrens, stating condition and cash
: ■'•'. price, W. H McKENNAN, Bolinae, Marln
,: : -.:'-.. Co.. Cal. _ j ' ."' '
7- .'• WANTED— Horse and 11rM business wagon. |
.:.'; .; 722 Valencia st.; apply 8-10 a. m.
'•' '..LOT of -.11 window saeh; any size. Box 1640, I
"' Call -office. - ■ - '
' . LOST.
WILT, the gentleman who was Been to pick
• v up a lady's watch in front of the Orpheum
' ' on the 21ft kindly return it to Alpha House,
.* Market «t., and receive reward?
" JAPANESE pug dog; wide between eyes; long
t'oiicwe hanging to left side of mouth; an-
sweru to "Putsy." Return to 154 Russ et.
• and receive reward. , . ■
$50 REWARD— Lost January 9. near Native
.■" Son*' Hall, a diamond utar.  Apply 310 San-
some st. " • * '.' ■ . -•- -
LOST— White dog. Friday; part- St. Bernard
and Newfoundland. Reward If returned to
l:> 06 Pine fft. ' ■ ■
I/OST— Red aril white greyhound dog on ; Jan.
23. ■ Return to 3003 Jacknon st. ; reward.
PARTY who found papers and called at 422
Sacramento St., call and receive liberal re-
•/. ' ward.
LEFT In iadles' toilet on steamer' Sausallto,
■ . Thursday, on -4:25-. p. m. trip to city, a small
' clifiniond ring: $.'. reward for return of same to
room 9S. Columbian building. B. F.
— rol D#
F^iUND— Horse and buggy on Mission road,
. •. n*ar Colma. John Bracken, Greenleaf saloon.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s2ooo; BAKERY: Western: Addition; kept by j
■ owner tor 15 years: 3 wagons,' 6 horses; bak-
ing. 7 barrels per day; the leading and beet-
paving baker}' In this city. - Full particulars
of WILKE UNFUG. 906 Market st. ;
A— s7so; SALOON; 1 block from Chronicle build-
ing; splendid business; rent $60; fixtures and I
stock worth $15<X/; partners to dissolve c&uae :
of- sale. WILKE & UNFUG. Market st.
$400; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; kept
by owner 8 years; 1 block from City Halt;
rent $20. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st. j
A— ssooo; SHOE store and factory; established
years; clearing $300 per month; large stock, i
good fixtures; 7 hands employed. Particulars •
of WILKE & UNFUG, 908 Market it. j
A— s4oo; RARE chance- French liquor store; I
corner; rent $30; on Leavenworth st. ; must ;
sell at once; proprietor, ■ also owner of the |
property, must sell on account of sickness.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st. - - •
A— J<OO— PORK and delicacy store; doing a
splendid business; living-rooms; rent $12; !
choicest location In the Mission. Call WILKE i
& UNFUQ, 806 Market Bt. ■ .
A— sisoo4-SALOON on water front; the very
best location: established and kept by owner
years - and 'first-class paying; other business
engagements cause of sale. - Inquire WILKE ;
& UNFUG, So' 6 Market st.
-$1200— RAREST chance; a private dispen-
Eary. and_gallery of anatomy; the eldest es- ]
tablishcd.in California; disease of men ex-
clusively: receipts of IS9S. $4131; museum of
wax figures; reason for selling, a broken- ,
down, nervous system. Full particulars, ,
_ WILKE & UNFUQ. 806 Market st. -7 i
KREDO & CO 22% Geary st [
Real Estate and Business Chances.
| $1000— Restaurant; near. Market; $60 daily.
i $400— French restaurant; Market st.; $20 daily, j
i J2OOO— Roadhouse; near city; 20 rooms.
I $250— Saloon and cardrooms; $10 to $20 dally.
| $150— Saloon; % interest; fine fixtures; piano.
$200; GROCERY and bar; $10 daily; value In
stock; a snap. KREDO & CO., 22^ Geary et.
SEE these bargains— Saloon, fine location, clears i
mo., MGO; partner wanted, hardware, $300 [
invested in business; saloon and 12 iumtshed
rms., all rented, $600. We buy, sell, exchange
business of any kind. . RELIABLE AGENCY,
41 Third st. _____ .
j HOME bakery; oven; range; established;
best location: rare chance. RELIABLE
AGENCY. 41 Third st.
IF you wish to sell your business for cash give :
us a call. City Business Exchange, 1032 Mar- j
, ket st. .
I $2CO— PARTNER wanted in genteel cash busi- !
■ i ness; eetablshed 25 years and will clear $90 I
j per month to each; experience not necessary.
i ' City Business Exchange, 1032 Market gt.
i BRANCH bakery and home kitchen; 3 nice
living rooms: fine place $250
> Grocery and bar, including furniture and
piano; must sell; death In family 650 !
Cigar stand; transfer corner; snap 100
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
$550— EXPRESS business; double team. SCHOT-
] TLER & CO.. 632 Market st.
j PARTY with $1000 cash wants to buy Interest
! In good paying business. Address or call on i
SCHOTTLER & CO., 632 Market Bt. -V - r
i | , — ■ I
! $1.0-oALOON; bargain this day. McLAUGH- !
LIN & CO.. 777 Market gt. i
! HOTEL; paying business; leaving city |
cause of sale. ■ McLAUGHLIN. 777 Market at.
i A— TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO.. .1008% Market st.
I PARTNERSHIP In best paying restaur-
ant In city; meals 15c to BOc; each guaran-
teeg $100 monthly. MOON, 100S% Market st.
ALASKA BUSINESS CHANCES.
A splendid opportunity for a few persons with
me capital in a secure enterprise; persons
who are not averse to work preferred. Box
1645. Call office. ~ - . : !
j $1750— HOTEL and bar of 35 rooms; near ferry; ;
i present owner there for 20 years; house full
of boarders and roomers'; large transient '
trade. M. LESS. 765 Market St. i
$200— PARTNER wanted; suited to plain, j
steady man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; ;
no experience required. WESTERN INVEST- I
MENT CO.. 9 Geary st. ■_
$SSO— BLACKSMITH, wheelwright paint shop:
stab. 20 years; doing good : business: owner'
wl9heB to retire: rent $9. JONES. 865 Market.
SALOONS, groceries,- cigar stores, restaurants,
c^heap,. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
, $1000— INTEREST •in corporation-: . established,
honorable business; -guarantee $50 per month I
income on Investment, of permanent employ- !
ment If party investing Is fairly educated.
Box 1542, Call office. . '
FOR SALE— good paying route on this pa- !
per. Address box B, Call Branch X)ffice, 337
Hayes st. ' ■
' WANTED— in plumbing and tinning
business. Box 1382. Call office. -
; WANTED to buy— A small grocery store for
. cash. Address box 1376, Call office.
I $500— PORK and delicacy store;. one block from
Market. Box 1374. Call office. ■ . i. j
1 $50— CANDY, stationery and delicacy store (If ■
j sold to-.day); good business. 304 Fourth st. .
i CIGAR stand for sale cheap. 501 Kearny :
street. . . . . . j
1 LODGING-HOUSE, 9 rooms;, sell or exchange
. for business. See landlady at. 1055 Market st. ;
i FINE saloon for sale; low rent. Apply at Call
j office. ' ' I
I WILL buy bakery and coffee saloon In good !
| location. Box 1537. Call office.
EXCELLENT opportunity— Interest in i
planing mill In the most prosperous interior
city -In the State; good chance for any one !
with little cash to Invest: practical millman \
preferred. Address box 1373, Call office. :
FOR Sale— A bargain; first-class grocery store !
in Mission district; cash; about $1000. Apply j
at TILLMANN & BENDEL, 313-327 Battery.
FOR Sale— Cheap: a branch bakery and dairy j
produce store. Apply 707 Devisadero st.. be-
tween Fulton and Grove.. ■ ,
$225— FOR 6ale: nicely fitted up restaurant in
good location; doing good business: cheap
rent; no agents. 248 Ellis st.
$75— GOOD paying restaurant; fine chance;
must sell on account of sickness. j 535 Howard. I
i 8-CHAIR barber shop, on account of death.
| For particulars apply 1404 Market Bt. - /.
COAL yard; I horses, 2 wagons; buggy;
fair business. 783% Market
WANTED— Partner with $5000 capital to invest
in a strictly legitimate business, paying 200
per cent per annum; open to satisfactory in-
vestlgation; principal* only. Box 1588. Call.-
MERCHANDISE store stocks of any descrip-
tion bought. Address THE LIPPITT COM-
PANY, 226 Bu«h St.- - - ■■• .
SHOE shop that will pay $3 50 per day; cheap
rent; sell reasonable. 332 Bush st.
$150— SALOON and 4 living rooms; going to
Alaska: cheap. 833 Howard st. ■'
COAL yard for sale; no reasonable offer re-
fused; at Sixth and Washington, Oakland.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GBO. ;
W. CASWELL A CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and. best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, .postpaid, for $1 per year.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A^KREDO & C 0.".... 22% Geary st. I
" Money Advanced on All Houses.
100 rooms; c.ears $250 month : $4,000
80 room*; Kearny; mostly office* 2,200
21 rooms; best on Mission st 1,200
14 rooms: O'Farrell; best transient. 800
11 roomB; well furnished: rent. $20 - 225 i
10 room*: Bush; good for milliner 650 j
10 rooms; Powell; clears $50 600
10 rooms: Taylor; rent only $35 275 j
And others. Call and get list. KREDO. ■
A— s6oo; POST et.; boarding and lodging; good |
locality; 2 baths: 9 room*: piano Included. •
A— slsoo; N. of Market; 30 rooms; central;
clears $160.
A— slsoo; 35 room*; near Orpheum: transient;,
clears $125.
A— s2ooo;- 30 rooms; O'Farrell St.; clears $150.
— $200; 10 rooms; Mission St.: a bargain.
A— $800; 70 rooms; corner; clears $125.
. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market *t. .
A— NOTICE; 200 lodging houses for sale cheap;
part cash. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
LODGING house; all furnished: 17 rooms; near
Burlington House, 82 Second st.
i $250— rooms, kitchen and bath: well furnish-
[ cd. 339 Bush St.; apply 242 Kearny.
I $350— 8-ROOM house: mjnny corner; well fur-
. nished; rooms all filled. 132 Turk st.
ROOMING house. 28" rooms: cheap: paying well;
good reason for selling. 420 Sixth st. ' :
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS psgei, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for- tl.
postage raid: ■ > ■ •
~~. ! FURNITURE FOR SALE. .
FURNITURE -of 6 rooms. Call at 205 Dia-
mond st.. near Nineteenth.
~~ ~ HORSES. — — —
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons,- buggies,
carts, harnese; , Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. .
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR sale— Fine laundry, bakers'; milk wagons;
2 hacks; 3 buggies; * 2 < extra ' fine delivery
wagons, cheap. 828 Harrison et. ,.. . . - ■
100 PET second-hand harness;* wagons, carts,
buggies. surreys and horsea. 1140 Folsom »t.-
-v PHYSICIANS. .
REMOVAL Notlce^Dr. C. O'Donriell, offl<*
and residence. 1021 V* Market, bet. «th and 7th. [
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBKUARY 1, 1899.
HOISES TO LET.
: HOUSE seven rooms and bath, $25 and also
stable: 1403 Stelner.
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery w.
MARY. 20. near Fifth and mission— 7 . rooms;
double parlors; rent J2l 50.
PERRY, 212,4— Bay-window house, 4 rooms;
rent $12 50; water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN A CO.. Incorporated.
$37— 12-ROOM house; fine for renting rooms.
29 Oak st., near Market. Apply 15 Grant aye.
FURNISHED HOISES TO LET.
! S ROOMS, partly furnished; modern; 2533 Mi«-
slon. Apply room 24. Flood building.
COTTAGES TO LET.
NEAT^COTTAOE—
Rent only $15. Rent only $15.
Five rooms ami bath; Chattanooga, nr. 23d.
! H. MURPHY. 636 Market gt.
' 4 r.. bath, new, $10, or will sell, $100 cash. $15
; per mo. ; also otners, same terms. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st. .
FLATS TO LET.
CALL AND SEE Our New Office at
i A. M. SrECK & CO. i 667 Market, cor. Third.
NICE FLATS. j NICE FLATS.
: 3 r.; 650 Jessie $3. 6 r. ; 1105 Page $17
6r.; 250 Tehama Si 6 r. ; 1328 Hayes 18
; 4 r; 2020 Golden Gate Hi 7 r.; 219 Polk 28
■ 5 r. ; 837 Alabama lOjSr. ; 225 Grant aye... 25
| 6r.; 1007 Castro 12 6 r.; 905 Powell 25
• « r. : 720 Montg. aye. 15! 7 r. ; 2214 Fillmore.... 20
10 to 30 days free. 10 to 30 days free.
A. M. SPECK & 4|O. ! 867 Market, cor. Third.
IN every particular a first-class, tunny, stylish
flat of 8 rooms and bath, with storage room In
basement; centrally located in a choice resi-
dence section: has an elegant marine view;
i : rent very reasonable; Inspect. 1417 Clay st..
1 ! bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
A— Nob Hill. opp. Bella Vista Hotel; 6 and 6
rooms; bath; $16 to $2160. Terrace. 920 Pine.
CORNER flat, 6 sunny bay-window rooms;
bath; rent reasonable. 14th and Shotwell sts.
; EDDY, 1375—4 sunny rooms; close to all car-
lines; rent low; make an offer.
j FIFTEENTH, 2156— Modern sunny 6-room flat,
bath; large yard; basement; rent reduced to
$17; north of Market St.; take Castro cars;
key corner grocery.
FLATS to let for the New Year by BAX.D-
WIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
I MCALLISTER. 636— Nice sunny upper flat; 7
j rooms and bath; rent $25^
MODERN flat; 4 rooms and bath; cheap. Cor-
ner Eddy and Scott sts.
MODERN 7-room flat: will rent cheap to a
reliable family. 1129 McAllister st.
• NATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 rooms; sunny; large
1 ■ yard; cellar: rent $10: no children.
■ NICE comfortable 3-room flat; newly papered.
' ; 110H Fell st.. near Van Ness aye.
'! OCTAVIA, 507, nr. Hayes— Back and front par-
lor, kitchen and dining room; bay- window
rooms; rent $18; second flat; sun all day; no
children.
PAGE, 482. near Webster— 6 and 6 large sunny
rooms; bath, storeroom; rent reasonable.
BTEVENSON, 427, between Fifth and Sixth— 2
convenient flats. Apply rear or 705 Oak st.
TWENTY-SECOND, :554. near Dolores— Flats,
6 rooms and bath ; rent very cheap.
$B—3 ROOMS and bathtub. 102 Langton St..
I southwest corner of Folsora, bet. 7th and Bth.
; $B—3 ROOMS, lower flat; yard, cellar, 4 closets.
1008 Natoma Bt., near Eleventh, rear.
i $12—291 SHIPLEY, near Sixth; flat, 6 rooms,
bath, folding doors, gas. mantel.
i HAVES, 339— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scrlptions and ads taken.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH. 1203— Three small rooms for housekeep-
ing, and bath; $12.
CLAY. 2413, near Fillmore— S large unfurnished
rooms^ yard; water: rear: $7.
i EDDY. 473— Finely furnished housekeeping
rooms; kitchen; complete; adjoining if de-
sired. \
ELEVENTH, 120 — 2 or 3 sunny front rooms;
furnished neatly for housekeeping; $1S 50 to
$17 50.
: FIRST, 305, above Folsom— Only $8; upper part
of house; 3 rooms; In good order.
GEARY, 337— Sunny furnished or unfurnished
rooms; housekeeping; bath; reasonably
GEARY, 1917— 520; for adults: 4 comfortable
rooms; bath; 2 beds; coal and gas stoves; all
necessaries.
, GROVE, 131—2 large front connecting house-
keeping rooms; gas; running water.
HOWARD. fl.-io— Front room and kitchen; fur-
. nished for housekeeping.
H< i WARD. 829—2 rooms, housekeeping, $3;
single, $1 75; also other rooms.
: HOWARD, 917— Two nice housekeeping rooms.
I HOWARD. 953V4 — Large front bay-window
I room, $2 50 per week; bath.
| KEARNY. 104—2 very lartja sunny rooms for
housekeeping or Fhop: $10. I
i LARKIN, 804— Sunny back bedroom and kitch-
en, furnished for housekeeping: yard; $9.
i MISSION, 1330 — A large sunny furnished room
j for two gentlemen.
i NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— Front sunny hkpg
I rooms, $1 25 up; single rooms, 10c up.
PINE. 704 — Sunny front suit, furnished for
housekeeping; Btove; folding bed; $12 50.
RENT free In beautiful home for thoroughly
reliable couple; state references and occupa-
tion of husband. Address box 1841, Call.
j SECOND, 247— Furnished and unfurnished hkpg.
rooms; also single, new and clean, cheap.
SIXTH. 125— Front sunny rooms; also house-
keeping rooms; reasonable.
SIXTH. 216 ! '-— Nice sunny housekeeping rooms;
also light housekptr and single; reasonable.
SIXTH, 420— Sunny front housekeeping rooms;
running water, bath, etc.; reasonable.
SOUTH Park. 90—2 or 3 well furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
STEVENSON. 403. cor. Fifth-Housekeeping
rooms, nicely furnished complete; cheap;
home privileges.
SUTTER. 1111— Comfortably furnlshe.l rooms
single or en suite; also housekeeping.
THIRD, 308— Two connecting rooms, furnished,
for housekeeping.
TURK, 543 — Fine large front room; furnished
! complete for housekeeping; gas; bath; $10.
I WASHINGTON, 620— Housekeeping rooms, new-
I ly papered; $5 per month.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms, per wk., $1 50 to
$3; single, $1 to $1 60; night, 25c to 50c.
AT Geary. 14A — Clean rooms, with good beds;
day, week or month: $1 per week.
I AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
■Ingle; facing plaza; day or montu?
! BALBOA. The— lo49A Market St.— Suites, lIS
per mo. upward; $1 per day; elevator; tel.
RITCH, 204H, near Bryant— 2 sunny furnished
front rooms to let cheap.
BRAN NAN, 725, above Sixth— 3 nice unfur-
nished rooms, $7; also 2 rooms, $0.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth st., corner Howard—
Rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$l LT. to $o week; open all night; Howard st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BURNETT^ 1364 Market St.— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 616—1 large front room and single
rooms; sunny; rent reasonable; bath.
FIFTH, 109— New management ; nicely furnished
rms and offices: suites or single; $1 25 wk up.
FIFTH, 309— New house. 1 or 2 sunny corner
bay-window rooms, with kitchen: housekeep-
ing; suitable for 2 or 4 adults; worth seeing.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny front and back
parlor: hot. cold water; piano; other rooms.
GOLDEN West Lodging House. 430 Jackson St.,
bet. Montgomery and Sansome; rms. at 10c,
13c and 20c per day; $1 per wk., $3 per mo.
GRAND SOUTHERN, BE. cor. Seventh and
Mlsalon— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates: families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
JESSIE, Sl2, near Ninth— Large sunny front
room; furnished; rent $5.
MINNA, 66?, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 2627 A —3 furnished or unfurnished
sunny rooms.
O'FAKKELL, JO— bunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL; 327— Single rooms; well furnish-
ed; $5 and $6.
OLIVE aye.. 127— 512 50; 4 unfurnished rooms,
PINE. 614 A. near Koamjr — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite: moderate.
PF.VKNTH. 229— Sunny front furnished room;
[ cozy and comfortable; $5.
ROOMS TO LET— Contlnned.
1 I SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.. j
■ near Markef— Furnished find unfurnished.' *• •.
TURK; 124— Nice large room; running water; j
private family; rent $6.. ■ ,■-„ ■: -, -.•-. ' . -■• j
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUEH. — Newly furnished gunny suites and .
Ein^le rooms, with or without board; reason-
•' able. « •- ■ ■. -.- '.-'
EDDY, — Nicely furnished front rooms;
■ others; all conveniences; good board: reas.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
I room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
• HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— new
furniture; first class In every respect; table
' unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for. 2, $50 a month up.
' O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny room*; ex-
cellent board; reasonable: table board.
CHILDREN' BOARDED.
1 GOOD Home for 2 children; furnished room for l
I. - parent. 51 Clara st. v • ■ - ; ■ ■ ■ '
I WIDOW would board small child or infant. 2655
i : San Jose ay. ; take cars cemetery line out 14th.
...*„. '•;•.: STORES TO LET.. *
PACIFIC, ' 328, near Sansome— A handsome
, I large store; to let very cheap. ' ■
1 SUNNY corner store, 3 rooms; counters and
• | shelving. 649 Minna Bt: $12. .
1 i ■ ■■
| OFFICES TO LET.
. EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st.—
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON GARDNER, room 210.
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices; slngltt
; or suite. ' 120t Market St.. cor. Golden Gate.
• , STABLES TO LET.
' IS STALLS; can also be used for other pur- ■
, -. posee. Inquire 410 Bay Bt. .i
_ . ■. MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and !
safe cure for all female diseases from what- I
ever cause; all those who are sick or dlscour- I
aged should call on. the doctor and Btate their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
1 MRS. DR. GWYER, 610 Eddy St.. between
; Hyde and Larkin. v
• ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Daviee,
true friends of all invalid*, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
I anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc. babies adopted; travelers treated ; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very etrong,;s2. - . ■ -■ ■;_
. A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
i female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari- .
ties than any other physician: never fall* to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
; free. Call or write, 1023% Market Bt.
>j A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
I cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure at any time when
others have failed; instant- relief for trav-
elers; home In confinement; •; best; care; con-
; sultatlon free, confidential; every case guaran-
-1 teed. MRS. DR. WYETH. removed from Turk
, to 916 Post St.. between Hyde and Larkin.
1 NEW process sent for female troubles; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; • safe and |
sure; no medicine or instruments used; con-
: sultatlon free: pills and capsules. $1: cure. $5,<. j
By the well-known ladies , physician for 27 i
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR. !
POPPER, 318 Kearny st. ... 1 I
i A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all i
I cases of monthly irregularities from whatever ■
! cause; no Instruments used: guaranteed cure ;
at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly; home j
■ I for patients separate from office; consult free; j
hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL,
■ 1122 Market St., between Mason and Taylor."
■ AILMENTS— LadIes in trouble see Drs. Good- !
win free: reliable, safe and sure; cure'-ln 24 j
hours guaranteed: any complaints; no -instru- i
ments; maternity home;., best medJcal at-
! tendance: cure, $5. Removed from "401 D Van
i j Ness to 1362 A Mkt., bet. Jones & City a v t .
• ALL married ladles know "Se'guro," the greatest ;
; boon to them. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st.;»
, $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-'
| RO MFG. CO.. 631 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
i DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. : private home in confinement, with every
j comfort; best care and attendance: terms-
I moderate; Infants adopted into good homes, j
• ! ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with I
i female troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 50;
I expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
PRIVATE hospital: best references: trained
nurses; home comforts. 204 San Jos« aye.;
telephone White 481. . J . ■■ ■■- .«- ' j
DR. and Mm. Wise. 111S Market Instant re- ;
. lief for monthly troubles or money back; $s up.
; PRIVATE hospital. ' $5 per i week and j upward.
' Address telephone .Blue 1148. '■ .- ..""., ".- \
MRS. M. E. ROGERS— Private home In con- !
finement; midwife: 25 yrs. exper. | 929 Howard, j
| BELLEVUE Sanitarium— cared for dur-
| ' ing confinement. 727 Bellevue av., Los- Angeles.'
MRS. ACHARD; midwife: pleasant nunny home I
In confinement. Second Bt. : tel. Green 52. I
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. -..
a^fltv^iore^bXrgains! ~ > ~^ **
i Bradford, fine condition, upright.... $87 00
• Seltz, a bargain, upright 140 00
Gabler, cost $400 new, upright 175 00
: Henry Miller, used 3 years, upright.. 180 00
Sterling, good as new, upright ISS 00 .
Christie & Son, upright grand 190 00
Chlckering, .a bargain, upright...... 285 00
$€ payments: guamt'd 5 yrs. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON (Chlckering .Agents). 16 O'Farrell st. •
AS we are selling good upright pianos ' for $1
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to' Investl- !
gate and approve this method; prices are the i
came as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
to per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
etelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, ' and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. . ; . ... ■■
ABSOLUTELY, the oldest and largest hou*e \
west of Chicago Is KOHLBR & CHASE'S.
2i. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and price*; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. • .-• - • - - - ' ■
THE best bargains In the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 76» Market st. Call and ccc
. the stock In their elegant new rooms.
A FISCHER upright, perfect order. $105 to-day.
Room 12, Flood liulldlng. . . ' • .
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments. $5 75 up:
rents. $3 60 up (allowed on purcKSse). 138 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos. -
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. II
McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank. ■ ,-.-,,-
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 308 Post st. r ■
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 808 Poet st. . : ■ .-.'■■* ■'...." ' '
HAINES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright, piano cheap; brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNO. 216 McAllister.
KNABE piano*; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER ft CHASE. 80 O'Farrell st . ■
ST'PF.RIOR violins. Blthers. old and new. H.
. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 rents— The wAkly Call.
1< pagpw. In wmnper. for mulling. 81 r>er v»»r.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engine*. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
A— BAR outfits, ■ counters, ;, shelving, showoase* •
(all sizes), -.office ■ fixtures, ■' cash registers,
scales, coffee mills, etc., bought and sold: es-
. .tlmates given. J. SCHWERDT. -821 Mission.
BOILERS, ' engines, pumps, beltlnp dynamos;
second-hand. i WHITE'S. r.16-518-520 Mission.
FOR belting, pump cups, ! lace leather, pulleys,
etc., Cal. Belt; Co.; tel. Br. 331. 519 Mission.
$6— SINGER family sewing machine; arso wash-
ing machine. 700 Eddy st. ■ ■ ' - ' . i
A NO. 1 ' new wagon and . harness ■ for sale
cheap. 2684 Twenty-third St., near Alabama.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
■ niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 •; Mission *t.,
.'. ; above Sixth. '■'..-'.; .'■■.'•-'.""•; ' ;■• '■' ' -..'■'■ - ■ v
I AM going East; will sell by 22-foot launch
complete for $275; bargain. V H. MARBH ALL.
Almonte House, 1 Fifth st. ■■:■:■■:* ■■■■■■ f , ■
LIBERAL commission • paid by L. : EPSTEIN,
648 Mission Bt.. for the Information of second-
hand tools and machinery. that is for sale. |
LADY'S 10 karat gold filled American watch
for. $7; cost $14. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye. :
SAFES— Hermann Bafe : Co. moved Ito 1 417-
- 423 Sacramento st. ', ; '" ' • : : ;:-: >-, •
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
v sizes; half original cost. ; 109-111 Market. S. F.
ONE and 2 bowl * barber i wathstands. cheap. '
HUFSCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. i
"^TTyj'i-.t. iUTERg.
All typewriters : sold- and rented, few partly
• used for sale cheap; send for sample* and '
' prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 :- Montgomery.
A . HAMMOND.' $25; Caliirraph. tls: Yost $25:
get sample work. BCOTT. 533 Montgomery it.
'personals.
JlM— Will meet you to-day at 2 o'clock: same
place. ..■". '. SUTTER.
j IF YOU want him (or her) to love you send self-
! addressed envelope to ■ the Doctors' Remedy.
! Co.. 1449 Central st., Denver, Colo. Sure! Free! !
FOLDING beds »S 50; bedrm. sets $S; bed loung-
es U 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
LEDERER'B QuTnONIA hair tonic Is used by
all the firpt-claes hairdressers on this coast.
G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st
LEDERER does the most artistic hairdresslng;
always the latest styles; fine pompadour hair
rolls, only 35c; switches. 11: fine. $2 50; FOAMO
6hampoo, 5c pkg. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
THE liarmcnlc Vibrator, the great curative in-
vention; face wrinkles > positively removed:
chronic diseases successfully treated: tests
free; send for circulars. Harmonic Life Col-
lege and Sanitarium, 238 Powell st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney-at-Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St. ' Law a Specialty,
Ean Franclßco, Cal. . American and Foreign
Send for Circular. ; Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights fft every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third st.. ' near Market; 200 rooms;
»50.t0 $1 50 per night; $1 60 to *6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC barrboc furniture, wholesale and re-
tall: all kinds fancy work to order. K.
YOSHITANI & CO.. Sl3 Sutter St.
JAPANESE goods, bamboo furniture,; Spanish
drawn work, wholesale- and retail. Okuno
Company. 507 Larkin st.
'■- Pacific Matrimonial Agency, 110 Ellis, does
largest business; gives, best results: details free.
A— Ladles', gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold. Tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st. -
BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Poßt St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
BATHS 12Hc: SO porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladies. 84 Fourth st. nr. Market.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
• MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda. i
A — CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
. highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
i SUITS to order on easy Installments. L
| LEMOS, 1117 Market, st.'. bet. 7th and Sth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
DRESSMAKER..
LEARN dressmaking, I ladies' tailoring, mil-
linery: special offer this week; perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School. 10S Post St.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
SILK or cloth dress made, $"> to $6: dress made
over: perfect "fit. 8 Eddy. MME.GOLDSTKIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
ADVICE and Assistance for All.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE. /
FEE 11 and upward. *,
Reveals your life from cradle to grave.
'. TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
'Her assistance is priceless. ■ Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted. cur<>
all diseases on earth, . consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all ekln diseases, heart and n;i-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
•he has made are the talk of the whole rlope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
■ Corner Market. Mason and Turk sts.
ATTENTION— If you want to see a medium
see the best; tells everything: valuable In-
formation given to users of morphine: 5 ques-
tions by mail $1. LEANDER, 313 Eddy st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
' life reader; medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases: diagnosis
free: sittings $1. 292 Stockton st. - .- - "
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S meeting to-nierht,
! -messages to all. 10c 641 Jessie St.. off Sev-
I : enth: sittings dally. "
! MRS. ELLIS; tests to all: Tues.-Frl., 1 p. m.;
Mon., 8; 25c; sittings, |l. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. MENA FRAWCES. Independent slat*
writing moiiliim 118 Walght »t.
-CLAIRVOYANTS..
I A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
in San Francisco at 1023 Market st. bet
. Sixth and Seventh: while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
■ • tions, make marriage with the one ! you love
; no failure, remove Influence, bad habits; will
Rive correct information on law suits, sick- ;
nees. death, divorces, absent friends, etc. ]
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by I
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023% Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANT. 24 Page st, nr. Franklin;
satisfaction guaranteed or no pay. MRS. M.
A. KNAPP. . / . ■ :
OYPSY life reader, of 8 7th st, now 92S Mis-
slon; best palmist in the city; 25c and 50c. .
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 1039 Mission
Bt., ■; downstairs. . .. \
MME. HANSON, palmist' and card reader;
past, present and future: 25c. 148 6th, rra. 10.
j MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission st. clairvoyant
| I and palmist: truth or no pay: 25c.
; MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
; reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
101 Eddy and 13 Mason st., parlor I.
MME. RAVENA reads life -.fluently, business
advice: names given: 25c up. .5 Fourth st.
MRS B. BAUMANN, "the well-known- fortune
teller, ha= cnened nf'lco pt TIR O'F^rrHl.
I'REDICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
FUTURE events, 60c; send date, hour, blrth-
place. PROF. -MONROE, 1129 Howard st.
'■..'• ;  'DENTISTS. ' ~~~
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber; full set of ' teeth. $5; • crownß, $3; fill-
- Ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed;, extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason .sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
VAN VROOM h Dental Parlor— Best work at
lowest prices; full set of teeth, $5 up; fillings, i
25c up; all work absolutely painless; written i
guarantee; -painless extraction by; electricity >
our specialty; ten skilled operators; -. no . stu r ;
dents; the largest, and handsomest dental par- j
lors west' of Chicago; open evenlnes and all i '
day Sunda y. " Corner Sixth and Market . sts. -
A FULL ' 6et of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years: !
teeth without . plates, ■ crown and bridge work ,
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns. S3 50; all
> work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by. his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, it, bridges, $4;
rubUsr or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st. near
Eleventh; crowns, , bridge work and fillings a
Spcc'Plty: nil work reasonable; gas given.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ' -■ " ■
COLTON Dental Association. 806 Market st
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. , ■ ..,
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny: set o{ teeth
$4; filling, gold. 4 60c; silver, 25c; crowns, "s3.
~~ ' EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, ■urveying,- math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, 1 con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
■ BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business '■ practice.
Shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, ■ day and evening: • catalogue - free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 2-1 Post st.
ROBERT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical Short- |
hand and Typewriting School: court reporter I
17.year.B; pupils qualified to be court reporters;
terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
" Parrott building, rooms 430-31-32. . ■ .
AYRE.S Business • College, 723 Market st;
shorthand," typing, ' bookkeeping, - telegraphy,
penmanship, English -branches, etc.: life
scholarship, $30; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low -, rates: -day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE.
■ 1236 Market st. ■ .•- . : . v '
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical,, Tnln-
• mech. survey. assay. archtt. : clay & eve.;
I est: 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market
MIS 3 GUADALUPE VALLEJO. teacher of
.-, languages. .ISI4 California st. .•.:"'•<?.':-';':
PIANO, -sln^inK and elocution lessons. v Mme. ■
V Renfro and-Mls's. M.'Smltten.ilOOl.fiutter st. ,
FRENCH. > Spanish, etc;. Prof. De Flllppe's
. V Academy of '.Languages," 320 Post. ; est. 1871. !
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 57? Parrott blrig.
:'■', "ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ~
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no .fee: without success: collections. G.W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce, laws, private estates. J.
g B. EVANS, 14 McAllister, st. r00m..64. ■[..;..; -.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St. ■.■■-..- ; .'...■:.■.
ALL private law cases, hankruptcy; >oiiectlon;
. free- advice evga. Atty M^Cabe. 103 Larkin.
L. ' S. CLARK— Emma 9preeke*s ; bUlWlng, . 927 :
■ Market: consultation free:' no fees in advance.
.;:;,- : ;,: ': ,-.;. STO"rAGB.^- " -^ .
PIERCE^RODOLPH Storage and Movlng~C<T
Office 401 Po6t St., cor. Powell; tel.,' Main S7IJ.
city real estate^
X^e^-spaper^clTpplng-^- ~"
"Nearly $5000 a front foot Is a pretty good,
price for residence property on Fifth avenue at
Seventy-second street. v This Is opposite Central..
I Park, and is now regarded as the choicest resi-
, dence location in the city. Twenty-five years
ago it was almost unimproved and could have
been ! bought for about the same price as the
best residence property in this city ."command's
to-day." . ".. • ' . •
The above clipping is from the Chronicle. It
certainly shows that if this city grows" in popu-
lation, lots near Golden Gate Park will become j
valuable. Lots can be had there now at a very j
small price land on easy terms, say $10 or $11 a j
front foot.
Will it not pay you to look Into this ques-
tion? . ■ '
We have lots on Eighth, Ninth, Tenth and
Eleventh ayes., not far from the Park, for $275.
$2"> cash, $5 monthly; graded and ready for the
builder. . . .- . r '■■ -> -.
See them to-day. Take a pleasant rid« on the
new electric cara> running to the Cliff House
(Halght. Eddy and EUls-st.. cars transfer), get
' off at H st and Ninth aye. . We have a branch
I office on the corner where you can obtain price
lists, etc. (Open daily. Sundays Included.) '
■ BALDWIN & HOWELL.
' .!-:- 10 Montgomery st..
Regulators of. Prices fbr Park Lots.
MISSION COTTAGES
ON BITUMINIZED STREET
$2200— and six room c0ttage5..............
$2250— Four- room cottage .'J
$2400— Six-room cottage
$2SoO— Five-room cottage
$3200— Eight-room two-story.... .....
New moaern houses with every convenience
on the sunny side Twentieth St.. between
Castro and Noe sts; lots 25x125: small cash |
payment, bal. monthly. F. NELSON, builder. j
MISSION warm belt; $2800; house of 6 rooms,
bath, etc.; a splendid neighborhood. Inquire
. at 77 Cumberland st., bet. 19th and 20th.
$20 MONTHLY will buy a new 7-room and bath
cottage with all the latest Improvements:
only one block from the electric cars. JACOB
. HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st. :
$650 WILL build 4-room- bay-window cottage;
will call. GEORGE M. SALSBURY. builder.
621 X st.. Sunset district. •
$1000— $10 MONTHLY: neat cottage home; near
Folsom-st. cars; street and sewer completed;
bargain. P. A. D'OLAN. 40 Montgomery, r. 7.
COU.VTHV REAL ESTATE.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 " acres sold to 120 famlles; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1P97-IS3S address THE
COTATI CO., 302 California St., 6. F.
FOR SALE Country home of F. S. Wensln-
ger; 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone, Sonoma Co.
RICH .land, near bay; fruit, grain or hogs;
. bargain. S., box 1639, Call office. ■ c-K
PROPERTY WANTED.
2 OR 3 flats for cash; this city; must be cheap
. and well located, in good condition; $3000 to
$5000. Address C. C. Call office. ■
MONEY TO LOAN. 0
ACKNOWLEDGED to be responsible, respect-
able and reliable; loans . ide on diamonds,
jewels, stocks, bonds and all articles of value;
lowest interest; private entrance and room;
■ perfect secrecy; phone Brown 323; our own
building: establ!°hed 1«1. UNI_E v HAR-
RIS. 15 Grant aye. '
LOANS on furniture •or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; -no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Misson St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14. '
HIGHLY respectahle and private place to ob-
* tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. I Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. ; tel. Main 1644.
$50 TO $100,000 at cut rates; estates in probate,
' Ist. 2d or chattel mortgages; undivided inter-
ests estates. P. A. Dolan, 40 Montgomery, r. 7.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, second mortgage,
chattels, etc. HARPER 4; KREIGER, 312
Examiner Building. . ■ ' ■• ■
BORROW money on your salary, . Indorsed
paper or life insurance policy; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO.. t cor. Third an* Jessie.
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003% Broadway,
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 3. - . - '• r f .*-
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates; no commission: $25, up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell at.
ANY amount of 6Vi per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. MoCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, nn. S.
! ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no com-
mission ; lowest Interest. Rm. 68, 1170 Market.
LOANS to salaried people: any proposition
■ oonsldered. C. G. Taylor, Chronicle bldi.. r.W.
A. M. Speck & Co.. 602 Market, loan on estates,
city real .estate, furniture, etc.. rents, etc. j
BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason st., opp. Olympla Music Hall.
U.» furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undlvidedi Interests in
estates a specialty. ■ MT'RPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 to $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition, '^r—den. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
NOTES- discounted: loans : neipotlated. . SYL-
VATN SALOMON, brnkPr. 82< Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
NEW AND COMPLETE. """T ™— ~
Handsome home, modern in design and ar-
rangement, 'complete in every detail four
sleeping rooms; frontage 42x100; best location
in town; 3 minutes to local station: price, im-
provements at cost; lot at a present times
figure: your own terms of payment. . . ■
i- HERON & HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
$850 NET— New house of 5 rooms: lot 10x100:
1 block from car line; good location; forced
sale. — tV;'
I $4800, reduced from $7000— Cosy cottatre, 9
rooms: lot 80x150; corner; choice shrubbery,
greenhouse, etc.; few blocks from Senator Per-
kins'- place: all modern and first-class. E. E.
BUNCE. 908 Broadway, Oakland.
$12 TO $16— and six room flats in East Oak-
land: convenient to ' cars; choice location;
modern. B. H. WELCH & CO., 1383 sth aye.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent -to any address in the
United States ,or ; Canada one year for $1,
posture paid... ; - • :
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheapo hT^CHEI.I^
■ HAAg' old »tor» 4ftft El*v.»nth «t. S»g him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
MODERN cottage, 4 rooms; lot 25x125:
Ftreet work. etc., all complete; Qrand-st. sta-
tion. . \ \ ' •
• $1700— Modern cottage. 6 -rooms; lot 2«xl2S;
good location; near station; easy terms.
. greatest bargain in Alameda; lot 60x150;
house of i rooms choice part of Central aye.;
CB6h. 'I" ' • ■ ■ ...':■■-.■.'.,
Elegant corner, 44x150; new, modern
house of 8 rooms; terms $300 cash; balance $23
per month: this Is a snap. ; • -,v ,
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda. .
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
$800—60x125 LOT on San Antonio aye.
$1100—60x268 lot on Benton St.. near Santa
Clara aye. • •■■ - ■ " , ; ■ .
$1500- New 5-room cottage,' on Grand st. r work
all done. • = . ■ - ■ . ,
$2500 — house, 8 rooms; windmill and
tank. . -•■■ '■ - . ■ '-- '■ ■ • -.-.•'■ . ..*. , -.-.'.'
'. — 50x150: elegant new house, 8 rooms;
modern; at Morton-st. station; easy terms. -
Bargains In all parts of Alameda. . Office
open Sundays. ■ .--.'•• .■.-■-■.■ ' - - :: .*
■■■-.:• ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
-:•':-':■■ ->■■' ■'.-•- ■ 1500 Park st.. Alameda.
,r ; BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE]
$4000 • WILL buy a handsome new home of 11
rooms; everything the best;' street work all
done: grand view; close to university. O. G.
MAY & CO.. 2123 Center st. t Oakland.
HOUSE of 5 rooms; large lot; street
: work all done: electric cars pass the doors; a
J'bargain. • Apply to JOS. J. ' MASON. Real
v Estate, Berkeley. v- .- '.:■:■-;-:- -■'-; -.— •;•■ -■ ■-...
:;_ BERKELEY HOUSES. -.'
BERKELEY home— B ' rooms «md bath: nicely
furnished; fine view; near University: . rent
low to desirable parties. Address owner,
DAKIN, 2321 Vine Bt.. Berkeley. , - -
: •; carl c - CLEANING. 7~
CITY ' Steam Carpet-cleaning I Works— i
moves, lays carpets. , C. H. STEVENS, Mgr., !
88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone. South 250. r
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work I
send ; 'to - SPAULDING'S • ■.: Pioneer : Carpet- |
■'■','■ beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel.. S. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet, Cleaning Co.
453 Stevenson st. tel.. South 228: lowest rates.
-CARPETS cleaned > at' 3c per yard;- laid at »c.
t STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.:, tel., r Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
.'-.: et.; cleanlng.'3c per yard: t*L. Mission 74. :.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beatlngr Works.. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel.; East 126. . .
SEWING MACHINES. '' , ,
$2~MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
• machine supplies. 145 Sixth; Phone Mint 45.
I ALL , kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rentsd;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st._
ARBIAGE . LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Joseph S. Moningar and Florence Canepa.. 39-23
Jap P. Seymour and Mary V. V11a5.'...... .'.56-38
i Juiien Desme and Jeanne M. Madonne 2S-2o
Edward Ellis and Rachael Levy...... 31-32
Frank P. Battle Jr. and Llllou L. Jagger.. 22-13
I John Blaney and Carrie Whitmtre.... 3S-2J
W. Walter Harris and Martha J. Dean — 37-23
. BIRTHS— MARRIA6ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and b*
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. : 
BOSTROM— In this city, January 31, 1899. to
the wife of Charles A. Bostrom, a son.
HOWE— this city, January 30, 1599. to the
wife of Nelson Howe, a son. ■*> ' *■ ■ . •
LEISEN— In Santa Rosa, January 22. 1599, to .
the wife of William C. Leisen, twin daugh-
ters. 1 '
NOR— lft Oakland, January 26, 1599, to the wife
bf C. H. Nor, a daughter. ' , \. •
ODEA— this city. January 22. 1599, to the
wife of Edward O' Pea, daughter.
MARRIED. . i;r .
j LA VIOLETTE— LABADIE— this city, Janu-
ary 30. - 1899, Frank La Vlorette and Emma
Labadie, both of San Francisco.
_ _ died. ~ ~~~~~
Boggs, Hon. John - Leonard, Margaret
Daly, Nellie F. ' McEntee, Bernard
Doherty, James J. Martin, Captain John
Dowd, Rese A. • O'Connor. Mary M.
Elnselen, Augusta Reynolds. Thomas H.
Flemmlng, Frederick Rickards, Mrs. M. J.
. Goodkind. Caroline- -Sattler, Frederlcka
Hoz, Herman Scott, Margaret E.
Howe (Infant) - Simpson, David L.
Larkin, Ellen Toolan, Francis
Leisen, Isabel L.
BOGGS— In this city, January 30. 1899. Hon.
John Boggs of Colusa, a. native of Fayetts
County, Missouri, aged 69. years. . .
E7 The funeral services will be held In his .
parlors at the Palace Hotel this day
(Wednesday), at 9:45 o'clock. Interment pri- •
vate. Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by special
train. leaving Third and Townsend streets. at
11 o'clock.
DALY— this city, January 31. 1899, at her
residence, 302 Green street, Nellie F.. beloved
daughter of the late Michael and Katherln*
Daly, and sister of Nora, Agnes and the late
Elizabeth Daly, a native of San Francisco.
EyFrienda-and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Thursday).- at 9:30 o'clock, from her lata
residence, 302 Green street, thence to St,
Francis Church, • where a high requiem mass
will be said for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. . •
Y. L. I.— Young Ladles' Institute No. 7: Mem-
bers are hereby notified to attend the funeral
of our deceased sister, Nellie Daly.. to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her la.t«
residence. 202 Green street. i " , )
yAMIE STEIN, ' President.
MRS. FANNIK, BQWES. Secretary.
DOHERTY— In Reno, Nev., January 30, 1899,
James J. Doherty, a native of Hunter, preene
County, N. Y. (East Boston papers please
copy.)
DOWD— In this city, January 31. 1899, Rose.
Ann Dowd,' beloved sister of Hugh Dowd and
Mrs. Annie Warner,' a native of County An-
trim, Ireland, aged 41 -years. ' '
C?*Friendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her brother, 41 Minna street, thence
to St. Brendan's Church for services at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
EINSELEN— In this city, January 30. 1893.
Augusta, dearly beloved twife of Gustave A.
Kinselen. mother of Gustave Eineelen Jr..
daughter of Frederick and the late Dora-
thea Zech, and sister of Professor Fred Zech
Jr., William F. Zech and the late Mrs. Fred
Welnoehl, a native of San Francisco, aged 34
years 9 months. and 9 days.' • •
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited -to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
. dence.UOlS Leaven worth street, between Pins
and California. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. • -..-.- . • '
FLEMMING— this city, January 31, 1899.
Frederick T.. beloved son of Mrs. H. J. and
the late Bartholomew Flemmlng, a native of
San Francisco. . r
GOODKIND— In this city. . January 30, 1599.
Caroline, beloved - wife of Michael Goodkind.
and mother of Mrs. Henry "Wolf of Port-
land, Or., Mrs. R. Mandelbaum of New York
and Henry, Willie. Ben, Simon and Isaac
Goodkind. ■ a native of Germany, aged 63
years and 5 months. (Portland, Or., and
New York papers please copy.) ■ ' •• '
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the resl-
-5 dence of Mrs. Pauline Dennery, 523 McAllister
street. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery,
by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
- send streets. Please omit flowers.
HOZ— In the City and County Hospital. Janu-
ary 31, 1599, Herman Hoz, a native of Ger-
many, aged 47 years.
HOWE— In this city. January 30, 1899, Infant
son of Mr. and Mrs. Nelson Howe.
LARKIN— In this city, January 30. 1899. Ellen.
relict of the late Michael Larkin, a native of
Mllltown, County Kerry, Ireland, aged 80
years.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission, street,
. thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. • . • • ■•: ■".."■ .-' . . . . ■'■ " ■ '
LEISEN— Santa Rosa, Cal., January 30. 1899,
Isabel Louise, dearly beloved daughter of
William C. and , Jennie Leisen. and grand-
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. F. Leisen of San
F.Aancisco, a native of Sas ta Rosa, Cal., aged
8 "days. -:;•;■
LEONARD— In this city, January 29. 1899. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late : Cornelius
Leonard, a native of the parish of Desert,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 74 years.
IT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
• residence, 319 Elsie street, o/f Cortland ave-
nue, thence to Qld St. Mary's College Church,
where a Bolemn requiem mfs will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul. ■ commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. " Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. • ' " *" T. - ••
McKNTEE — In this city. January 30, 1893,
Bernard, beloved son of John and Elizabeth
- McEntee, and brother of Myrtle and Edw.
McEntee, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year 2 months and 20 days. . .- -/;
MARTIN— In this city, January 31, 1899, Cap-
tain John H. Martin, a native of Ohio, aged
58 years. - .. . , ■ . ' . ' "
(CT Friends and acquaintances ar6 respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow '
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
. Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— this city, January 31. 1599, Mary •
M., dearly beloved daughter of Maggie and
the late Jeremiah O'Connor, loving. sister of
Katie O'Connor, and niece of John and Jere-
mlah Cronin, a native of San Francisco. '- -
icy-Friends and acquaintances are respect-* ■ "
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow -
- (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of '
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,'
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services: ■
• Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. . :. * ;
REYNOLDS— In this rity, January 30. "• 1899,
Thomas Harris Reynolds, a native of Buffalo,
N. V., aged 68 years 3 months and 6 days. , I
(TTFrtends and acquaintances are respect- •
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Thursday), at 2 clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of*
the California undertaking Company, corner
- of Stockton and Geary streets. '.>'
RICKARDS— In this city, January 30. 1899, Mrs,
M. J. Rickards, beloved mother of ' William
J., Albert and Carlton RJckards and Mrs. W.
J. Gray, a native of England.- ■> '
■ (T^'Funeral services will be held to-morrow I
(Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock, at her late resi T
dence. 42 Diamond street. Interment Cypress 1
Lawn ■ Cemetery, by train ■ leaving Twenty-
nftli and Valencia streets at 11:40 o'clock. . < '
SATTLER— In this city, January. 3L 1899. Fred*' 1
erlcka Sattler, beloved mother of George Sat- S
tier and Mrs. . Fred W. Hollmann, j a native : >
of Germany. ■ : ' ,-*- / *
C^Notice of funeral hereafter. ;....• -• * '
SCOTT— In Geneva. N. V.. January 28, 1899.
Margaret E.. relict of the late J. B. Scott,
and dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Nancy J. •,•.
Boorom. Mrs. Mary Covert, the late Mrs. •
Rarah A. Vanhouten. Mrs. Kate Covert. Mrs.
C. A. Page. Mrs. Minerva Skuse. Mrs. Emma
Skuse and Chaplain W., Sinclair and George
W. Scott, a . native of New York, aged •87 •
yearsand 8 months.- ■ •- • -x
SIMPSON— In this city, January 30. 1890, David ■
L. Jr., eldest and dearly- beloved son of
David L. and. Emma J. Simpson, arid brother
" of Gertrude j and Fred Simpson, a native of
■Arcata, Humbodlt County, Cal., ajred 24
years. ■ , ■ .
tTTFriends and acquaintances can view the
remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.,
1209 . Mission street, .up to 10 o'clock :a. m.
Friday. February 3. Interment Arcata, Hum-
boldt County, Cal. .. . ' :.
TOOLAN— In • this city, January 30, 1899, Fran-
cis, son of the late Francis and Mary Toolan,
stepbrother of ■" May Toolan and brother of
Joseph Toolan, a native of San vFranclsco,
aged 31 years. . :
• Friends ; and acquaintances are respect-
fully -Invited to attend the funeral this day
■ (Wednesday), 'at'■ 10 o'clock, from his Inte .
residence. 1139% Folsom street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for funeral , services. Inter- -
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. , > :■ :■ ■'.-
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO., :
(Successors to Flanagan & Gailagh»r|,
JT7NERAL DIRECTORS AND EIiBAL
SO Fifth St., oppo-it« Lincoln ->cJwo*.
' T«lepbon« South 80. . , .- .. ; -*i -. , .y.,
McAVOY * CO., T
' FUNEIt At DiKEcTORS Ai EMUaLMEBS I
- 12» Market st. between Bth and Hk. I '•
Telephone, South 147. I
1 --..■..■,-..,„. -■-  ..1.-.. ■ '•■ .... V•)
1112
TEACHERS PLAN
A RESISTANCE
Dismissals and Transfers
Will Be Contested in
the Courts.
List of Changes Has Been Modi
fied—Policy of Economy to
Be Pursued to the End
by the Board.
CHANGES AND TRANS
FERS.
Grant — Miss I. M. Roberts,
November, 1895, vice A. Cook
son, January 12, 1898.
South End — Miss J. I. King,
February 3, 1888, vice Miss M.
C. Torpey, September 8, 1897.
Jefferson — Miss A. Tilling,
September 8, 1896, vice A. Cas
samajou, September 8, 1897.
Chinese — Miss M. C. McDon
ald, August 4, 1897, vice Miss J.
Passalacqua, September 8, 1897.
Lincoln Evening — Miss M.
Bretz. September, 1888, vice D.
C. Deasv, July 27, 1898.
Hamilton — Miss E. Cerf, April
11, 1897, vice Dora Israel, Feb
ruary 23. 1898.
DAY CLASS DISMISSED.
Miss Alice Dunn, August 10,
1898, P.
Miss M. McKinley, August 10,
iBqB.
Miss E. J. Hart, September 14,
1898, P.
DAY UXASSIGNED WITH
OUT PAY.
Miss R. Stack, February 23,
1898.
Miss E. deary, February 23,
1898.
Miss M. Kyne, May 10, 1898,
P.
Miss M. Liner, June 27, 1898,
P.
Miss B. Millhone, June 27,
1808. P.
ADDITIONS TO DAY SUB
STITUTES.
Miss R. J. McFeeley, Septem
ber 20, 1897, R.
Miss Lucille O'Connell, Janu
ary 26, 1898, P.
Miss Virginia Cassidy, Febru
ary 13. 1898, P.
Miss E. A. Rickson, February
23. 1898. R.
Miss L. Radford, January 12,
JB9B. P.
EVENING SUBSTITUTES.
Miss Dora Israel, February 23,
1898. from evening substitute to
evening unassigned. "
Miss A. J. Rock, January 12,
1808.
The foregoing names represent additions
and corrections to the list of transferred,
degraded and dismissed public school
teachers, submitted by Superintendent
Webster and adopted by the Board of
Education.
The revolution in the public schools of
this city has now become a controversy
that the courts of the State must decide.
Many of the teachers who were degraded
In rank or who were dismissed from the
depnrtment on Monday night, have de
termined to raise a legal Issue and test
the assumed authority of the Board of
Education to disturb the status of teach
ers In the department. The entire ques
tion is at the same time interesting and
Involved. In the first place the tabulated
statement of transfers, changes, degrada
tions in rank and dismissals Is not cor
rect.
The chief deputy of the Superintendent
of Schools admits this fact and accounts
for it on the score of inadvertance. The
ilst of changes, submitted on Monday
night by the Superintendent of Schools,
Is not chronologically correct. The names
of several teachers who should have been
dismissed under the ruling of the Board
of Education have not been mentioned In
any connection. In some way these
teachers, who should have followed
In the path of their less fortunate sisters,
werr- overlooked and protected in the
scheme ,of elimination. Superintendent I
Webster, through his deputy, emphatical
ly denies that political influence had any
thing to do with the protection granted,
but the fact remains that certain teach
ers who should have been dismissed were
untouched by the pruning knife of re
trenchment.
Superintendent Webster was as inac
cessible yesterday as the unknown god of
the Greeks, but Mr. Webster's assistant
volunteered the information that an
amended list of dismissed teachers would
be produced as soon as it could be pre
pared. The Board of Education had prom
ised that teachers would be treated im
partially, but the Superintendent inad
vertently had overlooked several young i
ladies whose names will now be added to j
those dismissed from the department.
When these names have been added to
the Superintendent's list another Inexpli
cable fact will remain in connection with
the report of the Superintendent. It will
be remembered that the Board of Educa- |
tlon unanimously decided to dismiss all |
teachers that were appointed to the de
partment on and after August 15, 1898.
In the report submitted by Superintend
ent Webster there is a list of unassigned
day teachers who are nominally in the
department and serving without pay for
their services. In this list are the names
Di several young ladies who were appoint
ed to the department on August 10, 1898.
Under the order of the Board of Educa
tion these young ladles should have been
dismissed. Why they were not discharged
Is a question that has not yet been satis
factorily answered.
Superintendent Webster is now busily
engaged in preparing for each Interested
teacher the official notice of her transfer,
degradation in rank or dismissal from the
department. Mr. Webster attempted yes
terday to expedite matters by giving a
few teachers special letters to principals
authorizing transfers. These personal let
ters, as a matter of course, were not rec
ognized in lieu of an official notification.
The official list, with the modifications
made necessary by the Superintendent's
oversight, will It is expected, be ready
to-day. The department will then con
tinue its course under the scheme of re
organization. The official notification to
interested teachers will be the signal for
legal controversy.
Many of the teachers that have been
dismissed or have been degraded in rank
have consulted attorneys and have been
advised to resist the action of the Board
of Education. This resistance will simply
be formal and will be no more than suf
ficient to constitute a legal protest. Each
teacher has been instructed to refuse to
give up her roll book until forced to do
so by the principal of her school. This
action, it is anticipated, will protect the
legal rights of the teacher. When teachers
are asked this morning to give up their
positions they will voice this formal pro
test so as to have, if possible, a technical
advantage in the litigation that will fol
low.
While individual teachers are condemn
ing the action of the board, the general
community is praising the action of the
Directors in attempting to inaugurate an
economical administration of the schools.
The board has promised that impartial
Justice will be shown to all teachers.
Superintendent Webster has admitted
that he made several mistakes, which will
be corrected. There remains, therefore,
no doubt that the scheme of economy will
be carried out independent of political in
fiuenceß.
The suits that are to be instituted by
interested teachers will be based upon
the Kennedy decision. A meeting of dis
missed teachers will probably be held to
day, when legal advice will be secured.
One of the supreme tests that will be
made will be in reference to the last three
meetings of the last Board of Education.
If these meetings were legal nearly all of
the work of the present board will have
to be undone. If the last board had the
legal right to act as it did on the last
day of December, the present board has
no authority in law to undo what Its pre
decessor accomplished. This will be the
critical question of the controversy
Residents of the Mission are not yet
reconciled to the action of the board in
sending the commercial departments of
the Mission High School to the Polytech
nic High School. While the efforts of Di
rector E. L. Head to secure a reconsider
ation of the matter were in vain, the Mis
sionites intend to agitate the affair still
further. The board has, however, defi
nitely settled the question and will hear
no further appeals.
That the School Directors are true to
the faith within them is becoming evi
dent more and more. It was expected
that protests from the dismissed and the
unassigned would Immediately flow in
and the expected has happened. As one
Director expressed it: "If we were to un
cover a local Klondike, mint the nuggets
and- pay off the school fund deficit some
body would rise up with a much-signed
protest."
The fear of these objections seems, how
ever, to roll off the board like water from
a duck s back, to express it in an Irish at
ticism. The board meets a protestation
with another abolition. Whatever its sins
it has to its credit the merit, of sticking
together and to its text. The Normal
School was abolished, and a" petition rep
resenting a million dollars' worth of prop
erty objected. Four evening schools, a big
commercial school and several cooking
schools that got caught in the "suction^
went down. The passing of the commer
cial concern raised a four-thousand-name
protest, and the School Department teach
ers and employes lost 20 per cent of their
January pay. Said a wise young lady
teacher yesterday: "Save us from our
friends! One more protest and there won't
be a school left in the city."
Naturally the withholding of a por
tion of January money is 20 per cent of
income clipped from the school teachers
who have been browsing on short grass for
three months, and they would protest
but they well try to make the R0 per cent
go as far as possible, hoping that the day
of abolition has likewise been abolished.
The sixty-eight or seventy thousand
dollars will go some distance toward
settling the rent, board and grocery bills
if some stray injunction doesn't come
along before pay day. The board in
tended to settle the January claims im
mediately, but the work of extracting
that holdover 20 per cent from the ac
count has delayed pay time till Feb
ruary 8. *
A few lawyers who are ever pawing
and sniffing for litigation afar off are
arguing the illegality of holding back a
part of an -employe's salary, on "statu
tory grounds."
The Mission people, though beaten, are
not cast down, and a mass meeting in the
near future, to which the whole "warm
belt" is to gather, will publicly object
to the closing of the High School com
mercial classes. Dr. Clinton, ex-Super
visor, one of the leaders of the fight for
the despised department, Is bitter over
the treatment accorded to the Mission
petition by the board last Monday even
ing.
"These signatures represented our whole
populous district," said Dr. Clinton yes
terday; "but no attention was paid to
them. While we were waiting for an op
portunity to save our school the ax was
swinging and other things were going
down. We received no notice nor cour
tesy. We were not even 'bowed out.' Our
fine building was emptied of its great
commercial class and the pupils told to
go across the city to another school."
The disaster caused by the abolition of
the high school commercial class is not
quite Incurable. A delegation of pupils
from that school yesterday visited Prin
cipal Bush of the Polytechnic, who in
formed them that if thirty or more would
enter that school he could find room for
eighty-five and possibly the whole number
(103). They could continue their old Mis
sion High School course of Instruction
and be graduated In June. This was en
tirely satisfactory, and the class will en
ter the Polytechnic.
Principal Bush stated in an Interview
that the commercial course of study of
the two schools was not materially dif
ferent from each other. The Pitman
system of stenography was taught at the
Mission, while the eclectic method was
a part of the Polytechnic course. The
pupils will be permitted to go on with
their Pitman shorthand In their new
school. In the Polytechnic business Unit
ed States history and several English
branches of study are taught, and this is
the only difference between the courses
of the two institutions. It costs $90 per
year to graduate a pupil in the Mission
High and $45 in the Polytechnic. The
change from one school to the other will
do away with the services of four or five
teachers.
Relative to the proposed repairs on
school buildings, mentioned in the report
of the committee on building made Mon
day evening, Chairman Holbrook stated
yesterday that not a single nail will be
driven, not a single foot of lumber will
be used and not a pint of paint will be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1899.
spread in repairs or in construction of
houses unless absolutely necessary.
"I shall ask the chairman of the build
ing committee," said Director Holbrook,
"for the very lowest figure he must have.
If a building is falling down, or if the
health of the children is threatened, we
will fix up a little, and that is all. It is
hard to hold back 20 per cent from the
teachers' January salary, but we must
have a small fund left over for emer
gencies. We will try to pay in full next
month. We expect protests and criti
cism, but that will not deter the board
in its policy of retrenchment. The Call
Bald we were 'standing pat on our propo
sition.' Possibly that best expresses it.
We are a unit in our desire to get this
almost ruined school department on solid
ground again."
The arrangement for paying the Nor
mal School bills for the remaining four
months of the present term will not be
much of a change from the old system.
The pupils will pay into the City School
Department the first of every month
money which will be paid out In salaries
and other running expenses of the school.
l,ess than $5 per month from each of the
125 students will be ample for all needs.
There are a number of pupils in the in
stitution who are financially unable to
pay their pro rata, but their part will be
made up by the others. Miss Fowler, the
principal, will contribute $25 per month
to the fund and others equally generous
will do the same.
The Taxpayers' Educational League has
framed several amendments to the San
Francisco State Normal School bill, now
pending In the Legislature, asking for an
appropriation of $150,000. The principal
amendment asks that a sultabFe building
be procured immediately for occupancy
as several years would undoubtedly elapse
before the buildings were completed.
In the matter of the new school houses
asked for by the Building Committee on
Monday evening no action will be taken,
until June, when the Board of Supervis-
Unique Reveoge ot Two FJat Factory Apprentices.
ors will be asked to grant an appropria
tion.
Out of all this change In the School
Department have come tales of heroism
and self-sacrifice tinged invariably with
pathos. There are stories of young wo
men who are the sole support of aged
parents and of other relatives dependent
upon them for the necessities of life.
There are stories of homes that are in
danger of being lost because payments
of interest have not been made as origin
ally provided for, and of hundreds of de
mands on slender purses.
In the report presented by Superintend
ent Webster on Monday night appeared
a simple paragraph: *
"Miss Elizabeth M. McDonald. May 13,
1896. resigned her rl^ht and took the place
of Mrs. Egan, transferred from evening to
day school December 31, 1897."
fiack of this is a story which contains
all the elements that bring out in strong
relief the self-sacrifice and thoughtful
ness of a woman. Miss Elizabeth Mc-
McDonald is the daughter of John W.
McDonald, president of the City Street
Improvement Company. Miss McDonald
has been employed In Noe Valley School.
Mrs. Egan also had a class there, and
when it was learned that some teacher
must be consolidated out it was found
that Mrs. Egan was that one. This cre
ated much sympathy for her, as she is a
widow with a large family dependent
upon her. She grew despondent over her
threatened dismissal.
Miss McDonald came to the rescue wnen
matters looked the darkest. She did not
need the salary of her position as badly
as he* associate, and she resolved upon a
self-sacrifice. She determined to give her
place to the widow. Her action has
brought her commendation from asso
ciates and those informed of her sacrifice.
MISSION RECEPTION.
Church Workers Greet Dr. and Mrs.
S. F. Johnson of Africa.
The Occidental Board of Foreign Mis-
Blons acted as hostesses yesterday after
noon at a delightful reception given at
their headquarters, 920 Sacramento street,
in honor of Dr. and Mrs. S. E. Johnson,
well known missionaries from the Batan
go Mission, Africa.
Mrs. P. D. Brown, assisted by the la
dies of the board, presented those assem
bled to the distinguished visitors. A de
lightful hour was spent in conversation
and music. Light refreshments were
served.
The hours of the reception were from
2 till 3
Dr. and Mrs. S. F. Johnson left last
evening on a southern tour, en route to
the East.
For Manila,
The transports Morgan City and
Scandia carried liberal quantities of
champagne for the ill and convalescent.
The United States Government officials,
aided by advice of engaged experts, se
lected the Moet & Chandon brand. —
Wine Review. •
Pioneer Minister Gone.
REDDING, Jan. 31.— Rev. J. B. Hart
sough, a pioneer minister, died this morn
ing at the home of a friend in Enterprise
District at the advanced age of St> years.
He leaves an aged widow and many sur
viving relative*
BOYS WRECK A
HAT FACTORY
FOR REVENGE
Stock of Marsh & Co.
Nearly Ruined.
CULPRITS LEAVE A NOTE
J. GRACE AND W. PYNE
OF THEIB ACT.
Pay a Midnight Visit to the Shop of
Their Former Employers and
Destroy $2500 Worth
of Goods.
Joseph Grace, aged 19. and Willie W.
Pyne, aged 15, have declared themselves
outlaws and socialists, but within the
next forty-eight hours they will probably
be behind prison bars and the romance of
being hunted criminals will be oozing
from their finger tips while they are
awaiting trial on the charge of malicious
ly destroying property to the value of
$2500. - : •.'/'"'...-. '-. ,
•Some time Monday night the two boys
entered the hat ; and cap factory of : M.
Marsh & Co., at 411 Market street, where
they had been ~ employed, and nearly
wrecked . the establishment. . The /object
was for revenge for Jal fancied grievance
and the damage 'done' is irreparable and
will, seriously cripple j the business of the
firm for some time to come, as the youth
ful criminals not only "destroyed the goods
they had helped to make, but the tools
as well. ' ■ . ■ - .'■ '.
When they had completed their work to
their satisfaction the factory looked as
though it had been struck by a cyclone.
The firm Of Marsh & Co. occupies the
entire fifth floor of the building and the
place was "jam full" of goods in all
stages of manufacture from the raw ma
terial to the finished article. When the
factory was locked up for the night on
Monday evening the long benches and
shelves were piled high with hats and
caps finished and all ready for delivery.
Bolts of cloth and silk used for lining the
headgear were ranged the entire length
of the place in symmetrical rows, while
hundreds of models and costly patterns
were carefully put away In lockers and
closets to preserve them from harm un
til they should be again needed.
When Mr. Marsh arrived at his place of
business at 7 o'clock yesterday morning
the scene that met his gaze nearly par
alyzed him with astonishment and con
sternation. Everything was in the utmost
confusion; the bolts of silk and cloth were
overturned on the floor, slashed and torn;
a great heap of visors, torn or cut from
finished caps, occupied a commanding po
sition in the center of the floor, while the
caps which they had adorned were scat
tered all over the place; the models were
chipped so as to utterly destroy their use
fulness, and the patterns, over two hun
dred in number, were completely de
stroyed. The miscreants had done their
work thoroughly and were evidently
proud of the ruin they had wrought, for
pinned to the office door was the follow
ing note addressed to one of the work
men:
Dear Friend Shine: I have to say good-hy
to you, but hope to see you again. 1 did this,
not because I wanted to, but compelled to.
I did not steal anything, everything is here.
I always had an Idea to do good and thought
some day to be a blessing to my father and
mother and hope to do It yet. Good-by.
JOE GRACE,
W. W. PYNE.
Dear Friend Jake and the rest of the shop
mates: Please do me a favor by going up to
Levlson Brothers, 134 Sutter street, where my
father works. Tell him not to worry over me,
as I did nut steal anything from the shop.
You know that the four and a half years I
have worked for Majrsh I did my work fair
and square and tried to be good friends with
every one, but when I seen what a dirty trick
he played on David and me I lost confidence In
myself and did this deed for justice and for
rights. I may get in trouble over this, but I
will try and make the best of It. My mother
and sisters are the best folks to feel bad over
this. Sorry, but could not help It. Tell you
this as a friend. Goldman said he Is a social
ist. You know the rest, he Is.
(Unsigned.)
As soon as he recovered the use of his
faculties Mr. Marsh notified the police
and Detectives Ed Gibson and w. J.
Wrenn were detailed on the case. Grace
made his home with his father, Max
Grace, at 33 Bright street. Ocean View
while Pyne lives on Majestic avenue
Ocean View, with his father, yrho is a
laborer. The boys came home from work
Monday night and announced that they
had quit work and had turned socialist*.
They then departed for town, saying they
were going to a sword duel. They did not
return home that night and have not been
seen or heard from since.
Both Mr.. Marsh and his partner, A.
Goldman, say they are at a loss to under
stand the cause of the outrage. Grace
had been in their employ for nearly five
years and the Pyne boy for several
months. The former received $9 and the
latter $8 per week ani there had never
been any trouble about pay. A few weeks
ago a younger brother of the Grace boy,
who was also employed in the factory,
was laid off because of slack business,
and this seems to have been the indirect
cause of the trouble. Monday evening
Joseph Grace informed Mr. Marsh that
he would work no longer and demanded
his wages. He was paid, and was then
requested to hand over the set of dupli
cate keys to the factory which he car
ried.
"They are at the bottom of the bay and
If you want them you can dive for them."
he replied, and with that the two promis
ing youngsters departed to perfect their
plans for revenge.
"I cannot understand it," said Mr. Gold
man yesterday afternoon, as he sadly
surveyed the wreckage. "Grace had been
with us so long that I had the utmost
confidence in him. His brother was not
discharged, but simply laid off until busi
ness should pick up a little." Detective
Gibson suggested that the boys might
Bet fire to the place.
"That's it. that's it," said Mr. Marsh ex
citedly, "they would not set fire to the
place because they did not want me to get
anything. If I had be*n burned out I
would have had some insurance, but as it
is my Insurance does not protect me."
Max Grace, the father, and the younger
boy David were at the factory during the
day and appeared to be greatly affected
by the disgrace brought upon them by
the son and brother. Out in Ocean View
both boys have long been regarded as in
corrigibles. _^___________ _
Will Enter the Navy.
SEATTLE, Jan. 31.— The torpedo boat
Rowan was towed to the navy yard to-day
to be formally transferred to the Govern
ment.
0000000 00 00 000000O 0900000000000000000000 OO 00000000000000
I REMOVAL SALE!!
° j • — , ;..'.; • g)®®®®®®®(D®®®®®®® o
I fHE: : : : ENTIRE STOCK |
Of ®
JLADIES'fiLfIARS, SUITS, SILK WAISTS j
I LADIES' CLOAKS, SUITS, SILK WAISTS,!
i Fur Garments, Silk Skirts, Gapes, Etc., I
• MUST BE SOLD AT ANY PRICE. All my goods being of the I
• very best quality and latest styles, makes this an oppor- %
tunity for every one to secure unprecedented bargains. |
o The prices will astonish you. " g
% STORE CLOSED TO-XD^^T. I
I SALE COMMENCES TO-MORROW, Thursday.
[armandTaiLleauJ
I 48 Geary St., Corner Grant Aye., f
»|^ Tnt L °Z ni I nZ IC^ m t Spacioils New Establish- I
o m* m ment, No. 114-116 Kearny Street, opposite the White |
° House, About March 15th. o
OoooooooaoAoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EXTRAORDINARY VALUES
Lace Curtains
—AND—
BEDSPREADS.
At $2^? Pair.
500 pairs Extra Quality WHITE AND ECRU LACE CUR-
TAINS, extra wide and full length, 15 different
designs.
At $&?? Pair.
400 pairs Fishnet, Guipure, Saxony and French Thread
LACE CURTAINS, % and 4 yards long, 30 different
designs.
At $1^ Each.
200 Extra Size White Satin Finish BEDSPREADS, all
hemmed and a splendid assortment of new patterns.
At $2^2 Each.
350 Extra Quality White and Colored Marseilles BED-
SPREADS (full size), in the very latest patterns and
all hemmed.
SEE DISPLAY OF ABOVE FOUR LINES OF GOODS IN
OUR SHOW WINDOWS.
HI, 113. 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
THE CHARGE AGAINST MOORE.
Arthur P. Rhodes Found Miss Crit
tenden, the Major's Type
writer, In Tears.
Ex-Customs Collector John H. Wise ap
peared before Special Agents Smith and
Llnck yesterday morning for the purpose
of giving them some information as to
the whereabouts of certain witnesses in
the matter of charges made by Wise
against Special Agent Moore. The agents
inquired tor Mrs. Sallie C. Pfckens, for
merly typewriter for the major, but they
were informed that she was in Oakland
visiting her twin sons. She will be sum
moned, to appear before the agents to
morrow.
The only witness examined yesterday
was Arthur P. Rhodes, a weigher in the
Customs Department. Mr. Rhodes' story
was old — about three years. One day he
went into Major Moore's office and found
his typewriter, Miss Crittenden, in tears.
He asked her what was the matter and
she said that the major had Insulted her
by making a dishonorable proposal. Mr.
Rhodes reported the complaint to Col
lector Wise and Mr. Wise removed Miss
Crittenden to another department, where
the major could not pursue her. Miss
Crittenden is believed to be In Paris, far
enough away from the major to be safe.
Don't Want Creegan Released.
The Pinkerton National Deteetlv*
Agency has taken exception to the state
ment published in a morning paper
wherein it was stated that the American
Bankers' Association and the Pinkerton
National Detective Agency are willing that
Creegan should be set at liberty in return
for trie services he rendered in deserting
Becker, thereby forcing the wnman of
the gang to enter a plea of guilty. It is
asserted by the officers of the Pinkerton
Agency that they are not now, and never
have been, in favor of releasing Creegan,
as they consider him as dangerous to the
banking fraternity as Becker. They de
sire his conviction and will vigorously
prosecute him with that end in view.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bueh and Larkin sts. Swimming;. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
Paradoxical as it may peem, a cook may
get fat while wasting away.