VOLUME LXXXV-NQ. 137.
THE BRITISH
AND CHINESE
IN BATTLE
Fight Occurs on the Main
land Opposite the City
of Hongkong.
BROWN MEN BEATEN
Apparent That the Celestial Empire
Will Not Be Divided Without a
Severe Struggle.
Cable to The r a il and the New York
Herald C pyrlghted, lffitS, I - lior
<lon Hennett.
HI >NGKONG, April 15.—
Fighting has occurred
over the Britisli lease in
the Kowloon territory, opp
Hongkong. A small force which
was making preparations tor to
morrow's celebration of hoisting
a flag was attacked on Friday.
The ( >ne Hundredth Regi
ment was dispatched on Satur
day, which co-operated with the
torpedo-boat destroyer Fame,
marched overland and encoun
tered a force ni a thousand ('hi
nese soldiers in a strong posi
tion defended by artillery.
The Chinese lire was returned
and the Indians charged, carry
ing the position, the Fame cover
ing the advance. The Chinese
loss was small, but the British
was nothing. As it is evident the
Chinese were guilty of duplicity,
the ceremony was abandoned.
neral Gascoigne with a force
of Welch Fusiliers has gone
with a gunboat to hoist the flag
ay. Another force of In- I
dians is marching overland to its
support and to drive the Chinese j
forces outside the leased terri
tory.
DISCOVERS THE GERM
OF SCARLET FEVF.R
Dr. Class, of the Chicago Medical
Society. Makes Some Suc
cessful Experiments.
[CAGO, April 15.— Dr. Class of the
ChU -.■ ■ I •vprod
r after month?
cf patient research, and hi? fellow-i
Investigated his dis<
:- they b<
■will be able to cope with the dread
• . which for a year past has
In the most virulent form in this city and
-
diß< overy Dr. < 'lass s;ivs:
B ■ •' fever, bel • pical conta
disease, having a pi-Ti"o of Incuba
tion, ' rdan • v- ith the views of
• i insider it.- causa
■ the failure oi"
is careful scientists, wh<> took up
th< work to and thi
In scales opt In the b< n tion from th<
throats '•{ scarlet fever patients, I de
fault lay with the culture
media employed, as it Is a well-known
- up \ erj seh ctive In this
Keeping this point In mind a
numl'T of experiments were made with
rent media, including agar-agai, ciy
• rum,
bouillon, potatoes, milk, ■ I
■ fter numerous failures I finally sur
i in fimiint,' a cjjlture medium <>n
I have been able, almost Invari
to obtain both from thi
m Becretions of th<- throats nf
t fever patients thf- growth of an
<irp;i:iism which presents such chai
• atures, both In i ? i- morpholocy as
well as growth, that I have little heal tan
■ tting that in my estimation It is
. mi "f scarlet fever."
HILBORN'S CONDITION
CONSIDERED CRITICAL
tSHINGTON, April Ex-Congress
man TTilhorn was removed, to-day from
his residence on Eleventh street to the
Garfield Hospital, where he lies in a critl
cal condition. 111? wife and daughter are
with him. One of the attending physi
cians .-i i 'l that Mr. Hllborn was suffering
with a form of Hrlght's disease. He intl
m;it'd that it was. likely to terminate
fatally within a very short time. Mr.
Ililhorn has not lapsed into an uncon
scious state, as reported, but is able to
dictate i respond from his bed. Mis
friends realize, however, that unless there
is a change in his condition uraemic pol-
Fonlr.g v. ill ensue. The doctors express
little if any hope, and It is probable that
Mr. Hilborn realizes his condition and is
petting his affairs into shape. it is not
probable that he will be able to undertake
the trip to California, nor Is this deemed
desirable by his wife and daughter.
YOUNG WOMAN BECOMES
VICTIM OF HYDROPHOBIA
SEATTLE. April 15.— Colvlllfi. in this
Btate, is excited over a sensational case
of drophobfa, of which Miss Nettie
Fogg is the victim. She is the owner of a
pretty water spaniel. While she was
feeding it a few days ago the animal bit
her. From that time Miss Fogg became
convinced that she would be seized by
hydrophobia. To-day froth came from
her mouth, she barked like a dog, and it
required the full strength of four men to
hold her. It Is not believed she will re
cover.
MARK TWAIN WELCOME.
Special Dispatch to The Call and the New York
Hf-rald. Copyrighted, 18S9, by James Gor
don' Bennett.
BERLIN, April 15.— 1t is announced that
Mark Twain is to pay a visit here and
is going to make it a prolonged one. In
view of this some of the papers are al
ready beginning to publish anecdotes of
the great American. When he comes here
be will certainly be znado much of.
The San Francisco Call.
SACRAMENTO GAYLY GARBED FOR THE
CONCLAVE OF KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
SACRAMENTO, April 15.— Masonic
Hnll is resplendent to-night in its
Templar decorations of white and
black, intermingled with the Stars
and Stripes. It furnishes a pat
tern for the other important buildings
of the city, all of which will, within the
next couple of days, be similarly be
decked in honor of the approaching
conclave.
On Thursday. Friday and Saturday
of next week Sacramento will entertain
the Grand Commandery of California,
Knights Templar, and the department
conclave. The indications are all fa
vorable for a large gathering of
Knights, many of whom will bring their
wives and daughters.
While the programme as arranged by
the local rommandery of Knights,
whirh will art as host, is to a large ex-
tent made up of secret work of the or
der, there wHI he many features of in
terest to the puhlic. Not the least of
thf^'- will be a parade in which over
40n Knights will be in line and a drill
at the new pavilion.
Eminent Commander E. W. Hale of
Sacramento Commandery, who has
charge of the arrangements for the en
tertainment "f the visiting- Sir Knights,
has paid close attention to detail and
the three days of the session will pass
most pleasantly and profitably to the
guests.
There nre in the department of Cali
fornia fifteen commanderies of th«
Knights Templar. Ten of these will
Bend 200 delegates in all, and there is
good reason to believe that at least 200
will arrive from th<» Other five in this
department and the cqmmanderies in
the southern part of the State. It \a
txported that among the arrivals from
Southern California will be the Los An
AGUINALDO
WILL QUIT
FOR MONEY
f atil<» to TTip '"al! an<l the New York
H<-raM. ' v.pvrlght wi, 18W, by Janrs <lor-
BRUSSELS, April IB.— Edward An
dre, Belgian Consul at Manila, ar-
rived here to-day. When he was
asked in an interview when the Philip
pine insurrection would end, he replied:
Only when Aguinaldo and some c.
his followers, who fight under com
pulsion, know specifically the exact
form of government that the United
States intends for them, and when
the United States has paid them some
compensation for their successful
fight against the Spaniards.
"Let the insurgents know in definite
words the intention of thr- Americana
to grant them local government; let the
T'nlted States also comyvnsate them
for their military service against Spain
and they will submit and live on af
fectionate terms with the Americans.
They told me so themselves, as through
my cosmopolitan connections by rea
son Of the neutrality of the country I
represent. I receive confidences from
all parties.
"The Americans have now fully
prov^d their military superiority.
Those rough volunteers have shown
themselves splendid soldiers, bearing
the climate more stoutly than ;he
Spaniards and fighting heroically
against the Insurgents who, on the bat
tlefield, struggle with absolute con
tempt of death. I shuddered for the
American volunteers, expecting the in
surgents would beat them more easily
Than they did the Spaniards. My ;ni
miration was great on learning how
Continued on Second Page.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1899— THIRTY -TWO PAGES.
geles Prill Corps. El Dorado County
Jommandery, through its captain tfen
SPEAKER REED
WILL RETIRE
FROM CONGRESS
Special iMepatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 15,— A special to
the Mail and Express from Washing
ton says: Speaker Reed has a sur
prise in store for the country. He will
soon sail for Europe, intending to spend
pome time abroad. Before he starts it
is expected that he will announce his
decision to retire from Congress ami
take up the practice of law in New
York. Mr. Reed spent several days in
Washington last week, going north at
the beginning of this week, and before
he left he arranged matters so that he
would not be obliged to come back for
any length of time. He has been reti
cent in regard to his plans, but has
taken into his confidence a number of
his friends at the capital.
Several members' of the New York
delegation, who know of Mr. Reed's in
tention, have already planned to start
a boom for a New York member for
Speaker. Rumors that Mr. Reed was
to retire from have been so
numerous recently that when his de
termination became known it was at
first thought to be merely a revival of
the old story. This time, however, con
firmation has come from Mr. Reed him
self, and while it is not his intention
to have his plans made public before
his departure for Europe, the app^ar
anc° of so many members of the New
York delegation in Washington within
the last few days has given publicity to
the fact.
Mr. Reed will become attorney for
several large insurance companies, and
as hp Bays himself, he is a poor man,
and thinks it time that he should make
some money, which he cannot do if ho
remains in Congress.
ernl. C. \. Kwisler. hns infrrrmed the
committee thai Xl Dorado Commandery
VICTORIA TO
SOON RETURN
TO 'ENGLAND
Fseclal Dispatch to The Tall.
LONDON. April 15.— Whatever be the
reason the Queen, is to return to Eng
land from Cimiez earlier than was at
first intended when her Majesty vent
away. It Is true that sh>- is anxious
to celebrate her 'eightieth birthday at
home, but the date for her return to
Windsor is fixed definitely for the 'jSth
of the present month, four weeks ahead
of her birthday. Truth, which usually
is well Informed In matters pertaining
to royalty, hints {hat the French Gov
ernment will be much relieved when
the Queen leaves Cimiez, for they had
a deal of trouble and have had to take
most stringent measures and precau
tions to prevent the Queen from being
molested in any way when out driv
ing, and guarding and shadowing have
been redoubled since the affray which
occurred between the sailors from the
Osborne and a party of French ma
rines when the royal yacht was at Ville
Franche with the Princess of Wales.
Anyhow, all is bustle at Windsor for
the celebration of her Majesty's pro
gramme, for the day begins with a spe
cial Bervlce in the morning in the
mausoleum at Frogmore, where the
body of the Prince Consort lies en
tombed. In the. evening there will be a
great state banquet in St. George's Hall
in the castle, followed by a perform
anee of "Lohengrin" by the Covent
Garden Company in the celebrated
Waterloo room: Always thinking about
the people, the Queen is to celebrate
her eightieth birthday by a gracioua
act. The public have always had a
great desire to see the interior of the.
famous historic Kensington Palace. On
May 24, when the Queen is to be in
London to hold a drawing-room in per
pon, she is. to throw open to the public
the stateroom In the palace.
would ho represented at Sacramento
by thirty-five members and a brass
CONSISTORY
TO BE HELD
VERY SOON
special Cable to The r \\ and the N'e*- York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by Jamea Gor
don Bennett. , -r .
ROME, April 15.— 1 have had an in
terview with Cardinal Rampolli. He
described the Pope's health as flourish
ing, and said that the consistory would
be held shortly.
NEW YORK, April 15.— The Rome
correspondent of the Herald, writing
under date of April 9. says: The ques
tion of the consistory is much discussed
in ecclesiastical circles. There are at
present fourteen vacancies in the Sn
cred College, and this situation might
have an Influence on the election of the
future Pope. It is hoped that the con
sistory may be held in the month of
June, and that ten nr twelve cardinals
may be created. It is the Italian ele
ment that would be strengthened, for
so many foreign cardinals would not
have taken part in a conclave for sev
eral centuries. There are twenty-two
of them against only twenty-six Ital
ians. Not that there Is any fear of a
foreign Pope, but it is considered at
the Vatican that the Italians are too
much in the minority, and that the
matter must be seen to as quickly as
possible. As regards the future cardi
nals, three are already considered cre
ated, namely, Monsignors Clasce, Delia
Volpe and Francisco Nava. I hav^
heard the name of Pere Captier men
tioned as a future French cardinal, also
that of the Belgian Benedictine, Abbot
Hemptonne. This is what is to be gath
ered in conversation with those who
frequent the Papal court.
Gymnasium Burned.
MENIX) PARK. April 15.— The boys'
gymnasium of Hnitt's school, near Menlo
Park, was destroyed by fire this after
noon. It was a one-story building, recent
ly built at a cost of $1500. The origin of
the fire Is not known. The loss is partly
covered by insurance. There was a ciieml
cal laboratory in the bui.uiiig.
band. Information of a similar nature
has been received from other com
manderies throughout the district.
The exhibition drill, which will be one
of the public features of the conclave,
will take place at the new pavilion, on
Saturday evening, April 22. It will be
participated in by the ladies' drill
corps, the California Commandery Drill
Corps and the drill corps from San
Jose, Los Angeles and San Francisco.
The banquet of the conclave will be
held at Turner Hall on Thursday even
ing, the 20th inst. E. C. Atkinson of
Sacramento Commandery has been
chosen as toastmaster and has under
preparation a list of toasts.
Reuben H. IJoyd, grand master of
the Grand Encampment, Knights
Templar, of the United States, will bo
in attendance on the conclave, and as
> this is the first time in its history that :
the Grand Commandery of California <
' has been visited by a grand master of
'the United Stales the event is looked
forward to with much interest.
George B. McKee. eminent grand j
captain general, has issued an order,
countersigned by T. W. Heintzelman
of Sacramento, chief of staff, in which
details of the formation of the parade '
are given. In this order the following
named Sir Knights are detailed for
duty during the department conclave:
On the staff of the grand captain een
eral-Eminent Sir J. E. T. Pike of Sacra- |
mento. No. 2; Eminent Sir R. P. Burr of
Sacramento. No. 2; Sir Knight W. M
Baldwin, M.D., of Sacramento. No ■•■
Eminent Sir N. W. Mountain of El Do
rado. No. 4; Eminent Sir C. H. Eddy of
Ni vada. No. t>; Eminent 3ir S. Ewell of
Marysville, No. 7.
To command battalions — Sir Knight T i
B. Reid, to command the first battalion :
Sir Knight T. B. EiW.ll, to command the :
second battalion; Sir Knifrht J. W Guth- I
to command the third battalion.
A FEAR THAT
DREW'S IS
ALREADY DEAD
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARTS, April 15.— Sinister rumors
are atloat arising from the publi
cation in Eclair of the official re
port of Governor Daniel, contain
ing the alleged statement by
Dreyfus that he contemplated suicide.
This is taken to be a preliminary an
nouncement to prepare the public for
the news that the victim is dead.
The statement of Governor Daniel
differs from Dreyfus' recont tolpprams
announcing he was in good health, and
is causing anxiety to his family.
Matthew Dreyfus, his brother, said
to-day: "He cannot be dead yet, but I
entertain small hopes."
In Eclairs story Governor Daniel at
Devils Island tells of the reception by
Dreyfus of the news of the revision of
his case. Dreyfus, it is said, had writ
ten to his wife that he wished to com
mit suicide. When asked to testify hf>
said he had nothing to say— that he did
not remember anything. He once said
to a physician who was attending him:
"They are afraid my family will be
tray tho famous incriminating letters;
they are afraid the Kaiser will get to
■know of it; but they are not afraid that
my Wife will take otir two children and
throw herself at the feet of the Emperor
and ask him for justice."
Dreyfus told Governor Daniel that he
had not anything to say to the Court
of Cassation. On November 24. 1898, he
wrote the Governor that when he wag
tried he asked M. Casimir-Perier, then
President of the French republic, for a
public trial, which M. Casimir-Perier
promised him, under conditions which
Dreyfus swore to observe; but the pub
Continued on Second Page.
PttfCE FIVE CENTS.
JINGOISM
HURT HIE
AGRARIANS
Their Wrath Prematurely
Vented During Negotia
tions as to Samoa.
YON BULOW ASSAILED
"English Stubbornness" and"Yanket
Greed" Caused the Berlin Press to
Use Idiotic Pyrotechnics.
Copyrighted, 1899, by the AFFrwiated Pree».
BERLIN, April 15.— The Samoan
question continued to over
shadow all others during the
week, so much so that the Inter
est in the subject has even seized
the masses. The most remarkable
feature of the affair is the united daily
onslaught made by the entire Agrarian
forces and part of the Conservative and
National Liberal press on the Cabinet,
lally on the Minister of Foreign
Affairs, Baron yon Bulow, who is
charged with following a vacillating
policy and yielding too much to "Brit
ish Insolent c and Yankee impudence."
A regular campaign of abuse has been
opened against the leaders in foreign
politics, many of the latter utterances
being of unusual vigor. It is learned
on good authority that the most of this
is directed against Baron yon Bulow.
It is added that Friday's Interpella
tion of the Government in the Reichs
tag cm the Samoan question and Baron
yon Bulow's reply were intended as a
test of Btrength between the two con
tending parties, as Baron yon Bulow,
as well as the Cabinet, which is more
or less swayed by him, is considered
by the Agrarians to be distinctly hos
tile to their Interests. But the great
noise of the Agrarian press and its
allies might not to deceive people into
the belief that they represent public
opinion. They are merely the minority.
Neither the Emperor nor the Govern
ment has been influenced by these mis
chief-makers. This fact was strikingly
illustrated in the passing of the mid
land canal bill by the Diet. The meas
ure was extremely distasteful to the
Agrarians. t The party is distinctly on
the down-grave. In the Reichstag the
party fias onty about 168 out of a total
of 397 members and in the Diet its ad
herents number considerably less.
Dr. Lehr"s ridiculous jingoism in the
Reichstag last evening spoiled the
Agrarian game.
The German press comments on the
occurrences in Samoa this week dif
fered remarkably, owing to the party
standpoint of each paper. Until Fri
day, while the fate of the high com
mission was trembling: in the balance,
the comment was more vivid and more
bitter. The Deutsche Zeitung headed
a page editorial "The Shame of Sa
moa." and condemned the action of the
rnment. . It declared that the Cab
inet was wholly devoid of national
sentiment, and asked ironically: "What
more do we want. Thp Dreibund has
fallen to pierpp, Russia is allied with
France, England with the United
States. Austria is allied to France and
Italy Is dependent upon England, with
the possibility of going over to France;
added to all this, the brutal treatment
wo have been subjected to by England
and thf United States, by fount yon
Thun-Hohenstein (Austrian Premier),
Mr. Maxae (British Consul at Apia), .Mr.
Thambers (Justice of the Supreme
Court) and Admiral Kautz. Indeed, we
ask. what more do we want?"
One Agrarian organ spoke of the im
potent weakness shown in Samoa, and
concluded: "We stand aghast at the
tombstone of German honor."
Thi* more reasonable Conservative
press expressed itself most bitterly.
The Kreuz Zeltung said: "It seems
to be settled that we were too optimis
tic in judging from the declarations of
Mr. White that England and America
had not identified themselves in the
Samoan matter. This, indeed, seems to
be the case not alone in Samoa, but
generally in the White House and
Downing street."
From inquiries made among the lead
ing members of the Colonial party, the
correspondent, of the Associated Press*
ascertains that it is their belief that th^
United States wants the Samoan Isl
ands and is going to have them. A well
informed correspondent of the Yolks
Zeitung asserts this in an article, add
ing many details. The L,okal Anzeig^r
made under th» head of "A Noble Pair
of Brothers" an expression of the opin
ion that the Anglo-American under
standing will not last long, "as mer
chants seem unscrupulous in competi
tion the English and Americans will
easily become enemies."
The Vossische Zeitung compares the
former cessions to the United States by
France, Spain and Russia with the
present movement in the British West
Indies and says: "All the countries
subsequently regretted their sales and
England has no need to yield valuable
possessions in the West Indies so long
as she. is not needing worthless terri
tories in Africa and Polynesia. Surely
Yankee greed at this, the first oppor
tunity, seems to demonstrate that th»
British-American friendship will not be
of long duration."
A number of papers also point out
the absolute necessity of a larger navy.
The semi-offlrial Post in an inspired ar
ticle says: "Probably the Samoan dif
ficulties would not have arisen at all
if the other countries had to reckon
with a strong German fleet ready for
any emergency."
Many of the papers have emphasized
the fact that the absence of cable con
nection with Samoa was largely respon
sible for the most recent trouble. They
urge the laying of a cable as soon as
possible.
The Cologne Gazette points out tbit2
the system of unanimity is a feature
which the United Stales has previously
strongly insisted upon, in quoting Pres
ident Harrison in 1892 on this. The
papers also deduce that, even accept
ing the American Interpretation of tho
Treaty, Admiral Kautz has put hlmseif
in the wrong.
Th.- officiate of the Unite 1 States Em
bassy are well satisfied with Baron yon
Bulow's speech, which agreed with his
previous statements to the United
States Embamador, Mr. White, who
considers his speech to have been mod
erate and pacific, and he cabled Wash
ington s .
The correspondent of th«» Associated
Press here hams that both the United
states and Great Britain expressed the
hope that the unanimity principle
would not be carried to an unreason
able extent, which might easily frus
trate the whole purpose ol the commis
sion and result in a deadlock it one
power stood out against the other on
every question.
The Government has appointed Coun-
Belor yon Knebet de Beritz of the Min
istry .if the interior and Baron Mar
shall yon Bleberstein commissioners to
proceed to America and Investigate the
methods of the New York Life Insur
ance Company and the Mutual Life In
surance Company. Both the eommis
ers are on the point of starting.
The correspondent of the Associated
- has had an Interview with a high
nt, who bitterly
complains of "many erroreous state
meni by the London pr< at
gardihg the Samoan muddle." Eie
claimed that In nearly every Insi
these statements were evidently made
for the purpose of creating unfriendli-
American
press or with the Inti ntlon of causing
an anti-American feeling here. He
mentioned the reported " *">
---tween an American sentinel and a <;• i ■
man officer, savins there was "not a
word of truth In the Btory, although
much has been mad" of it by both th* 1
English and American pi
Th- ip] tof tb< Samoan com
mißßii ■ acceptance by
ii Britain of t 1 proposal
as to its scope and methods Is h
with Joy b> the entire press, and the
thing lik^
order and harmony will no\s be r^
blished In the islands and thus re
move one -if lh' 1 main disturbing factors
standing in tho way of an understand
ing between the three countries,
BRITONS SORE OVER
SALISBURY'S BACKDOWN
Copyrighted, ISM, ty th< I Press,
LONDON, April 15. Germany has
drawn the first bl 1 In the Samoan
negotiations at the expense of Great
Britain in securing the Important point
of unanimity in th< decisions of the
commissi n against which the Marquis
ilisbury held out until Germany's
resistance forced him to knuckle under.
Ip to the last moment Inspired i I
emanating fn.ni the British Foreign
Office, declared Great Britain would
assent to unanimity. Only the
night an Minister of
Foreign Affairs, Baron yon Bulow,
made the announcement that (treat
Britain had agreed to unanimity, and
the Assi had an
nounced from Berlin th
d t" unanimity an in
spired note was circulated, asserting it
• that the British Pre
mier and Fon Ign Minist r had
cepted the unanimity. Therefore, the
German Foreign Minister, at the same
time that In- annoum ed Great Britain's
accer: Imity, announced a
in diplomacy.
Baron yon Bulow and Couni yon
Hatz. nburg, the German Em
idor at London, can claim the
• for this vi< tory. It was dv
their linn attitude and abl<
of th-
Baron vi ■ rul in th«,
Reichstag yesterday to make it clear
that the United SI I not op
: Germany's proposal for unan
imity, and that the Marquis of Salis
bury alon objections until an
- wrung fr< in him.
The note of well-earned self-satisfae-'
A\ mt the German
gn Minister's announcement that
t Britain had , - J caused
irritation here, which is refle< ted In the
■ his morn
ing. The Morning Post speaks caust
ically of Baron yon Bulow "s "misplaced
parade of firmness" in n to th>
maintenance of German rights, and
complains that he announced the a
ment as to unanimity "In the t<
a Minister who had achieved a great
and glorious diplomatic victory."
All the English papers wen
to unanimity. de< taring that the com
mission could never under such cir
cumstances come to an agreement.
The says: The rule of
unanimity on any point is hardly rea
sonable, but the rule of absolute unan-'
imity is unworkable."
The Spectator expresses the beli.ef
that "the rule of unanimity appeals to
be intended to reduce the commission
to a mere group of reporters."
The selection of C. N. F. Eliot of th'-
British Embassy at Washington to
represent Great Britain on the com
mission has given satisfaction.
The Speaker, referring t.. Mr. Eliot's
appointment, remarks: "A man who
has learned bo much apparently with
out effort ran be trusted to grasp th*
situation in Samoa rapidly and deal
with the persons concerned with mini
mum friction."
Th>> English newspapers have natur
ally boomed the "brothers In urms";
the Hritish and American bluejackets
at Samoa, and portraits of Admiral
Kautz hcLYi- figured prominently in the
papers.
MAY SOON CALL FOR
ADDITIONAL VOLUNTEERS,
NEW YORK, April is.— The Herald's
"Washingon correspondent R.-nds the
following: President McKinley is being
very strongly urged to exercise the au
thority given him by the army reorgan
ization act to organize the provisional
army of 35,000 men to serve until July
1, 1901.
Most of the pressure for this in
creased military force comes from offi
cers of the present volunteer service
wh<> havf either been mustered out of
the serivce or are to be, and who wish
main. Many army officers also be
lieve it would be wise for the Presi
dent to raise all <>f thin furoe, or part of
It, so as to bo ' <i more men to
the Philippines without drawing too
heavily on the force in Cuba and" Porto
Rico, or reducing tho reserve in the
United States.
In discussing the matter with volun
teer officers and others, the President
hap said he would raise this force if it
should become necessary to do so, and
pome of his visitors have left the White
House with the Impression that it has
been determined to is^ue a call f<.-r
volunteers in the near future.
I was told at the War Department
this afternoon that there had been no
Furious consideration of a call and that
such action was not in contemplation.
.but should it become apparent that a
much larger force would be required
in the Pmllpplnea there is no doubt the
President will call for a part of the
r foree authorized by law. even if he does
not raise the entire 86,(1
LAWTON'S MEN HAVE
LANDED AT CALAMBA
NEW YORK, April 15.— A cable to
the Sun, dated Manila, April 15, 9 p. m.,
: The bombardment of Calamba
v.a's heard by thf garrison at Taguig.
General Lawton'a men had landed at
Calamba, but the absence of communi
cation from there except by water de
lays the receipt of detailed news.
NATIVES WILL BE WELL
CARED FOR AT SALINAS
SALINAS. April 15.— The delegates to j
the Grand Parlor of the Native
Sons, when they arrive in this city :
from April 23 to 80, wiil not only .
Hthl Salinas people most ceherous
in tn< tinment, but will dls
cover that tho Santa Lucia Parlor ol Na-
Boris and Al-li Parlor of Native
have left absolutely noth
ins; undone that could be n<-< omplishcd to
give the ptlon. a
■ n.nu nts artd a toi -i time
: eral. The whole city will be ready
to ra ■ Nath •s. Sallnai has not
had a celebration for aorae Urae, and nnv.
that good crops are assured arid tho ■
SpreckH* su^ar factory Is to operate this
n not only the influential business
men but people in general are dor.annx ;
A FEAR THII
- DREYFUS IS
ALREADY DEAD
Continued from First Page.
licity was not granted, though why he
does not know.
Dreyfus repeatedly said that his de
fense was in the hands of his wife and
Lawyer Demagne.
INTERESTING TESTIMONY
GIVEN BY DETEC T IVES
PARIS, April 16.— The Figaro pub
lishes this (Sunday) morning the evi
dence given by Detectives Guenee.
Tomps and Desvenire before the Court
of Causation. Ouence deposed that Col
onel Sandherr, after Dreyfus was ar
rested, commissioned him to investi
gate his private life. Guenc.e reported
that Dreyfus was addicted to gambling
and association with women. He notn
bly frequented the house of a woman
named Bodson, where a scandal broke
out, a German officer threatening to
disclose Dreyfus' connection with Ger
many. The Bodson woman intervened
to prevent it.
Henry sent Gribelin to Guenee with
Dreyfus' photograph. Guenee ad
mitted he knew, but refused to reveal
the bearer of the bordereau to Matin.
He admitted the report he made con»
rerning Dreyfus was based upon the
gossip of servants and others, but when
pressed to give names refused on the
ground of professional secrecy.
Tomps deposed that he was ordered
to discover the bearer of the bordereau
to Matin. When the evidence he ob
tained pointed to Teyessonviere, one of
the handwriting experts against Drey
fus. Henry dropped Tomps and em
ployed Gribelin to continue the investi
gation.
Desverniere deposed that Picquart
employed him to spy upon Esterhazy,
whom he saw four times at the Ger
man Embassy, otherwise his evidence
was unimportant.
WAS RUSSIA BEHIND
DREYFUS' CONVICTION?
PARIS, April 15.— Still another novel
and interesting explanation of why the
highest authorities inflexibly oppose the
reopening of the Dreyfus case is now
put forward, to this effect: Dreyfus was
originally denounced to the French
Government by the Russian Embassa
dor, who declared that he had been fur
nishing information to Germany.
BIRQT'E FIGURES AND ORNAMENT DAY.
Some articles cut SO per "int.
Borne articles cut £0 per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS. HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO
Store* Everywhere.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL," SUNDAY, APRIL 16. 1899.
llbcrallv to the entertainment fund and
contriving in other ways to either-aeco
rate their own premises during Natives'
week or assist the committee in its beau
tifying the city. ' •"./ ifi,
S'aiinss is preparing to accommodate a
vast gathering of visitors. During two
days of the • celebration excursions will
be run from Monterej Del M rtte and
Pacific Grove, Banta Cruz. V.'atsonvilie
and Hpllister. The programme of events
during' th"o week's festivities insures a
iarcre concourse of guests. To add diver
sity to the amusement the committee has
planner] a trip to nnd thi ough i he Spreck
o!s plant, the largest sugar factory »ri
the world; a barbecue on the river bank,
an excursion to Del Monte nnd Monterey,
Including a trip around me famous 17
--milo drive, and a luncheon in o'.d Col
ton Hali, the first Capitol building in
BRIBES OFFERED
BY THE STANDARD
How Oil Trust Tried
"Square" Cases.
Erecial Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, April 15.—Attor
ney General Monneti liled in the office
Of the clerk of i!:" Supreme Court to
day the long-promised history in detail
of the alleged attempt of representa
tives of ih ■• Standard Oil Company to
have him withdraw the suit brought to
have the company adjudged guilty of
contempt of an order of 1892 declaring
it a trust. Mr. Monnett gives, some in
formation as to the attempts made to
influence former Attorney General
Watson, and then comes to attempts
made to corrupt him. He declines to
give the names of the alleged guilty
parties, but asks for an order of court
commanding him to produce the testi
mony.
He says men are known to him and
to D. K. Watson, his predecessor, but
these and details of the attempts are
held in such a way that it can only be
elicited by an investigation by the
court.
The opening pages of the statement
recite the cause of the litigation. He
then passes into specifications show
ing how repeated attempts have been
made to interfere with the department
of justice in this case:
1. In October, 1690. soon after the orig
i inal Standard Oil case was brought, a
: member of the Ohio Legislature (name
j not given), who has had great experience
I as a lobbyist, called on ex-Secretary of
j State D. J. Ryan at the Park Hotel and
: offered J75.000 if he would successfully use
his influence to have the case against the
Standard stopped.
2. A party known by name to D. X
Watson called him to the Gilsey House
I in New York and offered him the attor
i neyship for 3000 miles of railway for life
: if he would let the Standard Oil case run
! over his term.
3. Another man claiming to represent
the Standard called on Watson here in
Columbus and offered him $100,000 to drop
the case.
4. A second time a New York party
called Watson to New York; told him ho
was a fool not to accept the railroad at
torneyshin and renewed the offer with
$100,000 additional. The names of the
would-be bribers and full details are
known to D. K. Watson and can be se
cured only by the court ordering a full
investigation of the matter.
5. Thereafter another man claiming to
represent the Standard Oil Company
called on Watson and improperly tried to
induce him to drop the cases, but failed.
6. Dewitt C. Jones of Columbus, attor
ney-and cousin of D. K. Watson, was
called to New York and Cleveland to ne
gotiate for Watson to drop the Standard
Oil case in consideration of getting the
appointment of United States Minister to
China.
7. Then is presented the letter of Kline
& Elliott, attorneys for the Standard, In
which they demand of Monnett the
I the State. There •will be a baseball game •
I i tween league teams. Santa Cruz and
• Watsonville; a 20-ronnd boxing contest
j between two well-known San F raticJsco
I pugilists; a bail and bacquet. concerts (
and many other events, in the way of |
i music the executive eommitteo has al- j
ready engaged four, bands, while on i
(parade day several others will be In at- .
■;. tendance.
.■. The city will be elaborately decorated.
I An electrical four-cornered arch is to bo
Jc'onstructed at the junction of Main and ;
IGabilan streets, while smaller arches will :
j be placed at other appropriate places on i
the principal thoroughfares. At night
Japanese lanterns will be strung on b">th
■eldes. of Main. Castrovllle, Gabilan and
Alisal streets.
The executive committee, consisting of (
■ the chairmen of fifteen sub-commlttces. >
names of the alleged bribera. This, Mon
hctt say?, ia intended to bind the eyes of
the. couA. lIV then explains how matters
enrne to the knowledge of George Rice of
Marietta, who first made it public. He
says he thought it proper to tell counsel.
E. B. Kinkead. of the attempt to bribe
hin-.i-elf. so he did. Kinkead wae origin
ally counsel for Rice, and he told Rice,
who at once gave it out. In this way
Mpnnett shows that he did not give the
matter out to prejudice the case agatnft
the Standard.
8. Monnett then passes Into the citation
of the attempt to bribe him to stop the
prosecution, beginning with a telephone
mp?fiaite from New York January 10. 1899.
which has been fully published without
the names of the bribers. He alludes ti
a party who offered this bribe a« a j
"Cleveland mnn." It was he who tele- I
phoned on January 10 from New York.
Monnett admits that he had long been an
Intimate business friend and that In all
the negotiations in regard to the matter
with him he believed and still believes
this man whom the Standard was usinß
as a go-between thought he was simply
doing Monnett a business favor In letting
him know to what sore straits he had
driven the Standard Oil people.
to
AGUINALDO WILL
QUIT FOR MONEY
Continued from First Page.
quirkly and fully the Americans got
the upper hand. But now that they
have shown their strength, let them
make peace."
"What about parting with a portion
of the Philippines to England in ex
change for the West Indies or Ja
maica?"
"The idea being dißtasteful to Eng
land, they will not press it. Besides,
the pride of the Filipinos would be
wounded by being bartered away with
a portion of the archipelago, and this
would only increase the trouble."
ADDITIONAL LIST OF
KILLED AND WOUNDED
WASHINGTON, April 15.— The War
Department to-night received the fol
lowing list from General Otis of casual
ties not heretofore reported:
KILLED.
Third Artillery, April 13— Company
H, Bergeajit John L. Lang; Company
I, Private A. Selfert.
WOUNDED.
First Washington, April 9 — Company
D, Corporal Cal Welbone, hip, slight;
Twenty-second Infantry, Company X,
Private Robert H. Haley, forearm,
moderate; Thirteenth Minnesota, April
11— Company C. Private Charles Still,
knee, slight; Company D, Private
Charles Conley, clavicle, slight; April
12 — Company F, Corporal Robert Kel
liher, leg, severe; First Montana, April
13— Company 8,. Private Joseph Wright,
thigh, severe; Third Artillery, April 12
— Company X, Lieutenant Conrad H.
Lanza, leg moderate; Private Ralph
Golden, cheek, severe; Company I,
Private Henry V. T. Jarnell, thigh,
severe; Private George C. Samples,
cheek, slight; Private Robert Molee,
hand, slight.
is in session each night, and details are
continually being w< rked out At: irni .
P. K. Zabala, chairman of the executive
committee, and really the head of the
entire- eeleWation, Is working arduously.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
44 Q ' 7 7 1 f if Z77
"Spring Unlocks the Flowers
To Faint the Laughing Soil,"
And not even Nature 'would allow the flowers
to grow and blossom to perfection without
good soil
Nature and people are very much alike—
the former must have rain and sunshine; the
latter must have pure blood in order to have
perfect health* -■ -■ 8 S
Hood's Sarsaparilla cures blood humors and
troubles of all sorts. It is to the human
system what sunshine is to Nature — the destroyer
of disease germs. . i
Hood's purifies the blood thoroughly, thereby
quieting the nerves to perfection.
It Is AMERICA'S GREATEST MEDICINE,
. First, Last and c/M the Time.- '-■'"".
Cures all cAges and Both Sexes.
: ■'• f^f S^ tts cure liver ilts; the non ' Ma^9^nd^^^ to take
wtth Hood s: Sarsapanlta, the Best Spring m^dicin^J^^^^^
BUSINESS HOUSES
RAZED BY FLAMES
Million-Dollar Fire at
Cleveland.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. April 15.—Al
most half the block of business houses
bounded by Lake, Bank, Academy and
St. Clair streets was wiped out by fire
this afternoon, the damage amounting
to almost a million dollars. The flames
broke out in a straw goods factory,
where a large number of girls were em
ployed, and that none of them lost their
lives is remarkable. The following per
sons were injured:
August Marquardt, fireman of en
gine company No. 3, head cut and
stunned. .
Frank Hughes, engineer engine com
pany No. 9, head, face and bands
burned.
Frank Kane, hook and ladder com
pany No. 7, head and face burned.
Mrs. Mary Mylet, S4 Marion street,
burned about head, hands and chest.
Patrick Jordan, engine company No.
1, burned about head and hands.
Frank Brunner. engine company No.
1, burned about face.
Frank Murphy and Sherwood Hoyt,
: engine company No. 1, burned on face
' and hands.
John Rauschert. 69 Bozetta street,
f badly burned on head, face and arms;
j will recover.
1 The damage d^no is a? follows:
Four-story brick building at 99 Bank
i street, owned by F. Roddenfeld and oc-
c upied by Meyer Jaskulek, packer ot
I leaf tobacco; loss $75,000.
Four-story brick block, 91 Bank
' street, owned by S3. I- Baldwin estate
! and occupied by L. H. Whiteoinb <k
Co ruin A. \V. & J. Sampliner, cloak
manufacturers. Baldwin 1 estate loss,
$10,000; L. H. Whitcomb & Co., loss,
$35,000; Sampliner, loss, $100,000.
Six-story brick block 86 Bank street,
owned by the Baldwin estate and oc
cupied by Hart & Co., wholesale mil
liners. Baldwin estate ioss, $50,000;
Hart & Co., loss, $450,000.
Four-story brick block at 81 Bank
street, owned by the Bradley estate
i and occupied by H. Black & Co., cloak
manufacturers. Estate loss, $5000;
Blark & Co.'s loss, $r,0.000.
Four-story brick block at 7.". Bank
street, owned by C. H. Foote and oc
[ cupied by Reed Bros. & Co.. milliners
j and importers of straw- goods, c. H
Fonte's loss, $5000; Reed Bros. & Co.'s
loss. $7."., 000.
Five-story brick buildinf. 9 Academy
street, owned by the Bradley estate and
occupied by Cotney & Johnson, straw
bat manufacturers. Estate lops, $25,
--; 000; Comey & Johnson's loss, $150,000.
Two-Story frame building owned and
I occupied by E. Rosenfeld, ci«rar manu
-1 facturor: loss $5000.
Fix old two-story dwellings and a
Finn ll livery stable on Academy street
damaged to the extent of about
$5000. . ,
The flre started in the rear of the
second floor of Oomey & Johnson's fac
tory and Jn a few minutes the whole
building was ablaze, the 300 girls and
women employes sretting out by means
lof firp escapes. The flames then com
; municH<ed to the block occupied by
Hart & Co., and thence spread to the
other blocks.
Mrs. Mylett sustained her burns
while escaping from the straw hat fac
tory. The injuries to the firemen wore
not Inflicted in one spot and merely go
to show in what close quarters they
were compelled to fight the flames.
BUDD IS PITTED
AGAINST WHITE
Division in the Ranks of
Democracy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELESrApriI 15.-The fact
has dawned upon the local Democracy
that, while it is early to attempt ma
nipulation in furtherance of the aims
of favorite sons, the aggressiveness on
the part of some Democratic leaders
impels those who would let matte! s
slumber a while to be in the nrs.
trenches. The statement of General A.
W. Barrett that ex-Governor Budd was
in the race to lead California's Demo
cratic delegation in the next national
convention, and that Populists and
Silver Republicans would be cast » s "i p
may be called the entering wedge, ana
it has caused a division in the senti
ment of the rank and tile of the Part>.
U s. G. Todd, the secretary of the s>n
ver Republican County Committee,
speaking of this matter to-day said:
"General Barrett is not the wnoie
thing and he speaks for his adherents
only. The issue as to whether tnere
are two kinds of Democrats will De
fought out at the primaries. The sup- 4
porters of Bryan will be in the battle
and we expect him to be nominated
just as certainly as the Democratic Na
tional Convention will convene.
"Barrett may personally opp#se Sen
ator White and pit ex-Governor Budd
against him as a party leader, but we
consider White the m<>st available man
to lead the delegation. This new De
mocracy", which aligns itself with the
masses against trusts, injunctions and
corporate power, is a factor that must
not be overlooked in th<=> running.
"That White got into the stream in
the meeting of the New Democracy
club last night is recognized to-day
and, although he said be would not ac
cept any gift within the power of the
people, his adherents are insisting that
he Is the most powerful and prominent
Democrat in California at this time,
and the future will show that his
chances two years hence to be returned
to the United States Senate will not be
dimmed by any obstacle which may be
erected at this time."
Republican leaders are realizing that
James V. Kelley has been doing effec
tive work in this section in the interest
of I. S. Grant. The supposition gains
strength that Dan Burns and Gover
nor Gage know more about the pros
pects of an extra session oT the Legis
lature than surface Indicatio»a war
rant. Grant's adherents persist in the
statement that they do not propose to
be lulled into a somnolent condition,
and that they have been preparing for
and are proof against any sudden po
litical combination that may be ef
fected. To lay the situation as it is
known in the BOUtb before the Repub
lican machine as now constituted. Wal
ker F. Parker h«s been called to San
Francisco, where he is In consultation
with Burns and his people, to perfect
plans that will checkmate the effort*
of the Grant forces in this neck o' th*
w r oods. ________________
SEE YUP MAN SHOT.
PAX JOSE, -April I."!.— Shortly after 2
o'clock this morning 1 Ah Foon, a See Yup,
■sot in the head and mortally wound
ed while walking along Taylor street.
near Sixth, Cnmatown. The murderer was
seen by several Chinese who say he i> i
Sim Yup mnn, hut escaped in the dark
ness. A bttter enmity exists between the
two societies, and trouble has been brew
ing for some time.ECHOES OF THE
COBLENTZ DUEL
Fatier of Kloverkorn
Calls It a Murder.
BEJLJN, April 15.— We have been
i l gr< :u deal about the uses and
abuse of dueling apropos of the death
Student Kloverkorn in what is
know as the Coblontz duel. The af
fair Ins received more attention than It
wouli otherwise have done because of
the Utter written by the Brief-stricken
fathe to a Cologne paper, suggesting
that is son had been unfairly done to
cieatfc
v\ hole trouble began at a ball In
itz, where, as usual on such oc
i id ;il <■! champagne had been
I That and .i little jealousy did
<■' Lieutenant Doring being the
vis-a-is . ; a young girl who was in
the quare .laming with Klnverkorn
how sin- could dance with
such j partner. This remark she re-
I her partner. He demanded
Imea unavailingly an apology
from t»' lieutenant, and on the latter's
threfusal Ix-xed his ears. There
tfc usual rush of friends to sepa
!■ two men, who were hitting each
< ther £ hard as they could. There
! nevitable duel to follow and
the deißion of the council nf honor was
that ll must continue until one or the
other f the combatants was "hors de
a." it took five shots before the
r fell, nun-tally wounded.
His eath brought forth the father's
: rtiich was with a pen filled with
anguift. Dueling is the fashion in
Germny. The Kaiser imourages it.
is that it develops courage
:., the youth of the c mntry. As
every me knows duels have always
been Might at the German universities
■ n Thesiiphtest provocation. It is con
e) noble among the Ctt-rman youth
to h»e ones cheek scarred with
woun<= as if the owner had fallen face
first (to a mowing machine.
A fe- years ago there was a famous
An,, r jan student here who had been
provoked Into fighting twenty-seven
3, but he was so clever that he
r llowed any adversary to touch
him. Vhf; Burke, th^ big-pest and
BtrongSt man in Buffalo Bill's show,
was wlkinti down Inter den linden
tudents by knocking
:.■■ present
ed hiicard. It was some tinir b^for.>
the inn of mi~ht realized that the
im to fiurht a duel. When
the fW did dawn upon him his only
reply v as : "Fight, is it, they want?
Well s." and with one gr<»at
sht all three, and after
kn< !;tp their heads t> cethi rhe threw
linfully many yards away.
intensely surprised and dis-
BRBCH WIDENING IN
B'NAI B'RITH TEMPLE
Effort to Settle the Differences in the
.Os Angeles Congregation
Fail.
LOSJANGELES, April 15.-The breach
In the(3'nai B'rith Temple between Rabbi
M. G. Solomon ana members of the con
gregaion is widening. Dr. Solomon de
clares that, despite opposition, he was
rr-oletod In July, 1837, for a two-year
tprm.Hnd at -that time grave the congre
gntionnotice that he would never permit
his :iane to be presented again.
"I hive had but one method," said Dr.
Solomq to-day, "and that has been based
upon tie principle of impartiality, justice
and f«rness to all. I have treated the
rich ad the poor alike. Those who are
uissatsfied always have been bo. Long
beforemy ministry here, whenever things
would not BUlt their own views they
made t a point to lead their spiritual
leaderond not to be led by him. Despite
nil th*. the congregation has increased
from sxty odd members to 110."
, A nmber of wealthy Hebrew families
have Kft the gregatlon owing to what
they erm the self-assertive air of the
rabbij Among the • umber is the M. J.
Newnark family, one of the wealthiest
on tsv coast. Mr. Xewmark said to
r.lpht:
"I h.ve no personal feeling against Dr.
Folomin. but I do not feel that he is the
right nan for the place. I do not regard
him a a good reader or an effective lec
turer. I think we ought to have a man
that -ould better represent a congrega
tion \ a growing city like Los. Angeles.
AVh^' h' was elected for two years I re
gard<l it as an attempt to ignore the
wishs of a very large minority, and I
withrew."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A New Obstacle.
Th old obstacles that used to prevent
the aarriage of loving couples are out oi
date The blood-and-thunder villian is a
myt nowadays. The cruel father is only
a tndition. Distance, absence and ship-
wrek in the 1 se days of cheap, safe and
6wll transportation do not count. The
new obstacle is a common sense one. It
is il-health on one side or the other, and
eomtimes on both.
Mn nowadays hesitate to marry a wom-
an, n matter how beautiful, no matter how
attrative, or interesting, or witty, if she is
a suerer from ill-health. All men worth
haviig desire happy, healthy children.
Any votnan who will, may fit herself for
the dties of hood and the exalted func-
tion ( motherhood. Dr Pierce Favorite
Presctption banishes all hindrance in the
natin of local ill-health. It gives health,
powe and capacity to the delicate and irn-
portat organs concerned in wifehood
iiatetity. It corrects all displacements,
a'.laysnflammation, heals ulceration, stops
exhau'.insf drains and soothes pain. - It
prepars for natural, healthy motherhood.
It malts maternity easy and safe and al-
most pinless. It insures a new-comer
constit{ionally strong and able to with-
stand te usual ills of babyhood. It is the
ereatet of nerve tonics and restoratives.
Medicie dealers sell it and an honest
dealer /ill not urge a substitute upon you.
" Aft« suffering untold tortures," writes Mn.
T Ff rjrton. of Box 29. Douglas Station. Selkirk
Co.. Mattoba. " I thank God I found relief and
cure iu)r. Pierces Favorite Prescription."
The >rofit side of life is health. The bal-
ance iwrritten in the rich, red, pure blood of
health Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets cure .
constiation and make the blood rich and
pure. They never gripe. By druggists.
SfUDEBAKER'S,
JIABKET AND TENTH STS.
*TJST REOBIVHD-
PNEUIATIC TIRED ROAD WACOIfS
I AND SURREYS,
I>at»«t«tyle«. beet of work. strictly up to
date, n addition to this new work w» are
makinilrreatly reduced price* on a large Una
of nlrtgr&a'* Eurr»ys. Road W«*on« and Buk-
kles, festofxspairwork on short notice, •
BRYAN TALKS AT
NEW YORK'S DOLLAR
JEFFERSON DINNER
fill Sorts of People in the Big
Audience Applaud h|is Ideas on
Silver ar)d Imperialism.
NEW YORK, April 15.— The dollar Jef
ferson dinner of the Chicago platform
Democrats at the Grand Central Palace
to-night in point of numbers was one of
the biggest affairs ever held in this city.
Nearly 8000 men and women sat down at
long tables in the various rooms at the
big palace. There were all kinds of peo
ple them, dressed in all kinds of clothes.
White men elbowed with colored men and
white women with colored women. There
were four Japanese, and three Chinese
present, but the Chinese were merely
spectators and sat in the second gallery.
They said they had come to see Mr.
Bi van.
The main hall presented a different as
pect from that of the Metropolitan
Opera-house at the $10 dinner of the
Democratic Club. There were no floor
embellishments, but just great long av
enues of tables covered with plain v. bite
plates. The only ornaments were bunches
of celery and granite ware coiTee pots.
There was no concerted attempt to seal
th^ 3000 diners simultaneously. All were
told to go in and sit down. About 7
o'clock nearly every seat of the
men's table was occupied and the }
dinner began. Over 600 waiters
started out into the main hall with soup
ii few minutes before 7 o'clock. The
menu included soup, fish, roast beef,
turkey. Ice cream, coffee and cigars.
Three thousand bottles of wine were gra
tuitously served by a wine company.
At 9 o'clock the committee and speak
ers ascended the platform. Mr. Bryan
received a vociferous ovation, the diners
in many Instances standing on chairs and
tables and the women waving napkins
wildly. James R. Brown called the meet
ing to order and introduced George Fred
\\ llliams of Massachusetts, who was
given a fine reception.
The crowds in the galleries meantime
had increased, and there were at least
SOOO people in the hall. The mention of
Henry George's name evoked an extra
ordinary demonstration.
O. H. P. Belmont was next introduced,
and in the course of a brief speech said:
To-nitfht the East extends Its hand of wel
come to the West, and is ready to do honor to
i one of her great sons of whoa) Bhe Is s<> Justly
proud. L*>t this be the sign that there is no
North, tiu tv-iuth, no Kast, no West in the
Democratic party. Whatever our Individual,
i local or sectional opinions are. let us express
i them and let them be represented; this Is tho
soul of I'emocracy. But when, alter these
opinions and conditions have hern submitted
to our chosen leaders in convention, when they
have sifted them down and chosen the material
from .which our platform is» to be const
then let us. with one volcp. say this ts the
platform upon which wo will stand, shoulder
: to shoulder, as a unit to win "r lose,
The great crowd waited patiently
through all the speeches. Th. re were at
llrst many calls for Bryan, but when it
was Been that the programme was to be
adhered to they stopped calling and
waited.
Bryan was introduced by Chairman
Brown.
Bryan began In a calm, clear voice, and
wris frequently Interrupted by applause.
He referred to the gathering hs probably
1 the largest banquet ever given in the
VON BULOW NOW
GUIDES GERMANY
Chancellor Hohenlohe
Only a Figurehead.
Copyrighted. 1899. by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, April 15.— With the reas
sembling of the Reichstag the imperial
Chancellor, Prince Hohenlohe, has re
turned from Baden-Baden, where he
spent a fortnight for his health. His
return is ironically greeted by the
Agrarian press as showing that he Is
a mere figurehead and that Baron Yon
Bulow continues to be the real head of
the Government.
The most important matter, aside
from the Samoan interpellation, was
the introduction in the Diet of the mid
land canal bill. The Agrarian opposi
tion to this most important Prussian
measure of the session has increased
in spite of the fact that the Emperor
has strongly identified himself with it.
The support it is receiving from indus
trial circles and the strong pressure ex
erted In the other quarters in behalf
of the measure makes it probable thai
the bill will become law.
In the negotiations for a reciprocity
treaty between Germany and the
; United States the former claims that
; under the mdst favored nation clause
i the United States must In any case
i grant the same concessions as recently
j granted to Switzerland and France.
| The United State? disputes this, con
! tending that the most favored nation
j clause does not apply to special con
| cessions actually made as In the case
of the French treaty. Regarding the
Swiss treaty It Is contended in behalf
: of the United States that it was con-
I eluded under a misapprehension upon
| the part of the American Government,
| and that It is probable the whole treaty
| will be denounced by the United States
j as inconsistent with all America's pre
i vious commercial treaties. There can
be no question of American feeling in
this respect. It is said that a reci-
p rocity treaty will be negotiated, Ger
: many granting equivalent concessions.
At the Kiel navy yard the Govern
ment has been experimenting with a
vessel fitted with a motor which is the
Invention of a Hungarian named Pe
triano. The advantages claimed f,, r the
I motor are the use of crude oil as fuel
and a reversible action, facilitating
I storing and allowing the vessel to be
■ driven ahead or astern. It is claimed
[ that the motor saves 50 per cent In
fuel, that it does not require frequent
! cleaning and that Herr Krupp offered
i a large sum for the world's patent up
on conditions which the inventor re
fused.
There Is much comment in diplo
i matic circles over the special favor
I shown by Emperor William this week
! to the Russian actress Savinia, who is
i giving a series of performances at one
i of the royal theaters with the St. Pc-
I tersburg Imperial Theater Company.
' His Majesty has presented splendid
gifts to the leading artists and has
I shown most extraordinary attention. It
| is believed this is intended as a bid for
Russian favor.
The Emperor has presented a gold
chain and set of Jewels worth 18,000
marks, as a prize to be contested fur
at the Cassel singing tournament at th'?
end of May, not only by the leading
German singing societies, but by a
number of similar societies from the
United States and elsewhere.
In order to controvert the claim of
the Washington Government that Ger
man toys contain poisonous dyes and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1899.
united States and spoke of those present
as being "true to the principles of Democ
racy as written in Democracy's latest
creed," a stutement which provoked
cries of "Bravo."
As compared with the action of the
Silver Republicans, Bryan held up the
course of the "National Democrats" and
said:
There can he no harmony between those
whose opinions are as antagonistic as the
opinions set forth in the Chicago platform and
the Indianapolis platform. All that we ask is
that those who come into the Democratic party j
shall be a part of the Democratic party. We
simply Insist that a man cannot be a political j
bigamist. He cannot be wedded to the name '■
of our j>arty and to the principles of some I
other party. We simply ask that he shall get !
a formal divorce, either from our name or from I
their principles.
Continuing. Bryan declared that the Chi
cago platform was written by the repre- |
sentatives of the Democratic party in j
the most Democratic convention that has '
been held in a quarter of a century, and j
that "every plank of it Is stronger to- j
day than it was when the platform was j
written."
Bryan discussed the question of bimet
allism at length, repeating well known
arguments, and said:
"I have been asked why I am not will
ing to drop the money question. I reply.
Because the money question won't drop
us.
1 know not what others may desire or what
they may be willing to do, but I am not wllllnjr
that mil- declaration against the gold standard
shall he dropped as long as a handful of Eng
lish unanclers can determine the financial
I'Ollcy of seventy million of American people.
And some say that If we will not drop the
money question we ouiht to drop the ratio of
It; to 1. When you find a man opposed to 16
to 1 Inquire and you will find that he was never
hi favor of It, and then Inquire again Rnd you
will fliul that there Ib no other ratio that he
if in favor of. We denounced International bl
nvtalism as a delusion and a snare in 1596.
It has hoen proved to be so since 1596. We de
lared for the ratio of 16 to 1 In IM6 and no
r.'irty has risen to advocate any other ratio
hut 16 to 1. L'ntll some other party proposes
some Other ratio and tries to secure bimetal
ism at some other ratio there Is no reason why
we should discuss ratio with them. The ratio
of 16 to 1 was decided upon, not at the Chicago
Convention, but at the primaries which elected
delegates to att.-nd the Chicago Convention.
The ratio of 16 to 1 has been submitted to the
••, and those who wanted it in 1596 are in
favor of It now. And they know why they are
in favir of it. The ratio of 16 to 1 is the ratio
at which our cold and silver coins now circu
late. We simply nsk relnstallment of the law
that was on the statute books, where It was
the act of demonetization was secretly
j assed.
In conclusion Bryan declared against
the increase of the standing army, de
! nounclng it as an unnecessary burden
upon the people. He urged that the Porto
I Hicans should be given their choice be
tween annexation and a republic of their
own.
A reference to the United States as a
bully for striking down the Filipino na
tives created the greatest enthusiasm of
the night. There was a mighty demon
stration when he said that it was this
I country thai had inspired the Filipinos
! with love of liberty. The American Gov
i ernment of the Filipinos If a despotism,
he declared, and this was loudly applaud
ed. It was not surprising, he said, that
a country that should send to Kngland
for a financial policy, as it had two years
ago. should now send there for a colonial
policy. This was received with wild ap
plause.
Ingredients, the Minister of Commerce
has ordered an investigation to be
made in all the toy making centers of
Germany with the view of gathering
evidence to the contrary.
The army beef investigation in Amer
ica still continues to excite much In
terest here. It is argued that the
American packers send poisonous
meats abroad.
The United States Consul General,
Frank Mas. in, has revised figures
showing that in the last three months
there was an increase of $3,407,034 in
the exportation to the United States..
The Hamburg Inspectors have lately
found trichinae in the American pickled
pork and have ordered that henceforth
every piece be tested separately.
The Vorwaertz announces that many
Arab coolies from Northwest Africa are
arriving at the Badenese frontier,
whence they are sent to cotton mills
throughout Germany.
The Queen of Roumania. who Is now
in Germany, has accepted the role of
floral queen at the Cologne floral tourn
ament in May.
Judge Gibson's Sad Mission.
, WOODLAND, April 15.— Judge James
' Gibson of Kansas City, Mo., arrived at
■ 3 o'clock this morning. His mother, who
died last Monday, will be burled on Sun
day morning at 10 o'clock.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
THEY RIDICULE IT.
Many People Ridicule the Idea of an
Absolute Cure for Dyspepsia
: And Stomach Troubles.
Ridicule, However, Is Not Argu-
ment, and Facts Are Stub-
born Things.
Stomach troubles are so common and In
most cases so obstinate to cure that peo-
ple are apt to look with suspicion on any
remedy claiming to be a radical, perma-
nent cure for dyspepsia and indigestion.
Many such pride themselves on their
acuteness in never being humbugged, es-
pecially In medicines.
This fear of being humbugged can be
carried too far; so far, in fact, that many
people suffer for years with weak diges-
tion rather than risk a little time and
money in faithfully testing the claims
made of a preparation so reliable and uni-
versally used as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets.
Now, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
vastly different In one important respect
from ordinary proprietary medicines for
the reason that they are not a secret pat-
ent patent medicine; no secret Is made
of their Ingredients, but analysis shows
them to contain the natural digestive
ferments, pure asceptic pepsin, the diges-
tive acids. Golden Seal, bismuth, hydras-
tls and nux. They are. not cathartic,
neither do they act powerfully on any
organ, but they cure Indigestion on the
common-sense plan of digesting the food
eaten thoroughly before it has time to
ferment, sour and cause the mischief.
This is the only secret of their success.
Cathartic pills never have and never
can cure indigestion and stomach troub-
les because they act entirely on the bow-
els, whereas the whole trouble is really
in the stomach.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets taken after
meal* "digest the food. That Is all there
Is to it. Food not digested or half digest-
ed is poison as it creates gas, acidity,
headaches, palpitation of the heart, loss
of flesh ana appetite and many other
troubles which are often called by some
other name.
They are sold by druggists everywhere
at 50 cents per package. Address F. A.
Stuart Co., Marshall. Mich., for little
book on Btomach diseases, sent free.
*****^*s. _! <■*. Eye« Scientifically
/^ r==:: (STTT Jested. Perfect
•^^r^ 877 Market St. :
CONSOLIDATED OPTICAL CO.
RAILWAY WAR ON
AT BAKERSFIELD
Valley Road Versus the
Southern Pacific.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, April 15.— Merry war
is on between the Southern Pacific and the
Valley road. It arose over the excursion
to Fresno, where the Bakersfield and Rai
sin City men will play baseball to-mor
row. When the excursion first was
broached its promoters went to the
Southern Pacific to arrange for a reduced
rate. They were told it would be a fare
and a half, or $4 20. The Valley road of
ficials were then seen. They made a rate
of one fare, $3. Then the Southern Pacific,
made a rate of $2 50, with the understand^
ing that passengers must go on regular
trains. The Valley road chopped to $2 50
and agreed to supply a special train and
send Agent Kane along to extend all the
courtesies to the excursionists.
This made the Southern Pacific people
mad. They declared the Valley road vio
lated the ethics of railroading. They
then made a rate of $1 90 and hung a blaz
ing banner across the street on which
was inscribed:
"Grand Fresno Excursion— Baseball —
Bakersfleld Athletics vs. Fresno—Posi
tively lowest rates Southern Pacific Com
pany, Sunday, April 16. Choice of trains;
ample equipment."
An attempt was made to swing the ban
ner across the street from the Southern
Hotel, but before this was done Valley
road influence caused it to come down.
Then they made an attempt to swing it
from the Arlington Hotel. The same In
fluence prohibited it from going up there.
Finally the banner was moved down on
Nineteenth street and swung from the
City Hall to a vacant house. There it
flutters to-night.
Circulars of each company flew about
the streets all day. setting forth the of
fers of the rival lines. Crowds of men
gathered here and there and talked ex
citedly. When it was announced the
Valley road would have a brass band go
along, back came the word that the
Southern Pacific would do likewise. The
people are with the Valley road, notwith
standing the Southern Pacific's lower
rate, and many declare they would pay
full fare rather than go by the Southern
Pacific. A large crowd will make the trip.
Late this afternoon it was reported that
the Southern Pacific agent offered to sell
seventy-five tickets for $1 25 each. The
people say the Valley road made a cheap
excursion possible, and now they will not
go back on the new company.
Football Teams Matched.
WOODLAND, April 15.— The Bohemian
football team will meet the Marysville
team at Grldley on Wednesday, April 26.
The needle of approval
points to those men's all-wool suits for
eigHt dollars.
v Bf m^^^^^^^^ fill rSf a ■■ i£i jt3 %i\ J9 ■ Bffii Rs : W^t^^^ J9 E3 M ™*^«%
They are gaining the approval of a number of new customers and our regular
customers, too.
Well, why shouldn't they? They are excellent values for the money.
First they are all wool — you know what that means.
Then they are stylishly cut; well made (sewed strongly with silk); properly
finished inside and out. Patterns are pleasing (assortment of seventy-five). In
addition to all, this is the protection that goes with them:
Money returned if you want it; or
Suits kept in repair free for one year.
And surely there couldn't be a stronger guarantee to prove the merit of the suits.
Boys* Middy Suits.
Our Children's Clothing Department is worth the attention of every mother. We venture to say that the prices are about one-
third less.than is generally asked for the same quality of goods.
-.Middy Suits for Boys from 3to 8. Eight patterns; browns and grays; some same color throughout and others with blue vests and
collars arid trimmed with old gold soutache, and green vests and collars with trimfnings of red soutache. Suits are all wool. Price
<'^% p™
8. N WOOD & CO.,
718 Market Street.
Country orders filled.
IN THE HANDS
OF A RECEIVER
Puget Sound Dredging
Company Tied Up.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, April 15.— The Puget Sound
Dredging Company, a Seattle corporation,
in which both the Pacific Coast Company
and the San Francisco Bridge Company
are largely interested, was thrown into
the hands of a temporary receiver
in the Superior Court here to-day,
the culmination of a disagreement
between the majority and the minority
stockholders. The latter, who are the Pa
cific Coast Company, and Robert Moran,
the ship-builder, are the plaintiffs in the
suit. They allege that the majority
stockholders, the San Francisco Bridge
faction, are attempting by fraud to ob
tain complete control of the dredging
company and make away with its assets.
The suit, it is said, signalizes the com
mencement of a long legal battle be
tween two great corporations for the con
trol of a third. The defendants are the
dredging company itself, the bridge com
pany, J. B. C. Lookwood, M. B. Lock
wood and William N. Concannon.
The Lockwoods are large stockholders
in the dredging company. Concannon is
made a defendant on the ground that he
has purchased certain of the assets of the
dredging company in pursuance of reso
lutions passed by a meeting of the board
of trustees, in which the minority stock
holders cay they were not represented.
The dredging company, which has been
incorporated but a short time, has a cap
ital stock of $1(W,000 and has assets al
leged to be of the value of $75,000, con
sisting of the big steam dredgers Python
and Anaconda and their equipment. The
principal complaint of t-he minority stock
holders is that the Python has been sold
by the majority stockholders to Concan
non for $22,500. alleged to be $15,000 less
than her true value.
Woodland's Distinguished Guest.
WOODLAND, April 15.— Mother Annun
ciata, mother general of the order of
Sifters of the Holy Cross, arrived in this
city this evening. She will be accorded a
hearty reception and the cordiality of her
wplrnmc will be further manifested by
a little entertainment which will be given
In her honor at a time not yet announced.
The mother general has churge of about
forty houses of the order, scattered over
the United States from the Atlantic to the
Pacific. The parent home is in Notre
Dame, Ind., and the mother general's
headquarters are at the famous St. Mary's
Acad-emy of that city. It is in that insti
tution that all sisters of the Holy Cross
are prepared for thelr^life work..
SPURNED SUITOR'S
ALLEGED CRIME
Second Trial of James
Cuff Begun.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, April 15.— The case of the
people vs. James Cuff, now on trial in
the Superior Court of Modoc County,
brings into prominence a dastardly at
tempt to take the lives of a lover and
his sweetheart by a rival suitor. Three
years ago James Cuff and A. M. Mil
ler were rivals for the hand of Miss
Lusk. Cuff was wealthy and was de
termined to win the young lady by fair
means or foul. Miss Lusk favored his
rival. When Cuff saw his case was
hopeless he attempted to take the life
of the girl he professed to love.
One night he slipped up to her house,
tore off a window screen and threw a
handkerchief saturated with chloro
form upon the face of his sleeping
sweetheart. The handkerchief found in
the room belonged to Cuff and the
tracks at the bedroom window cor
responded to those of Cuff.
A. M. Miller, the favored suitor, also
was the object of the rejected lover's
vengeance. Miller kept bachelor apart
ments. Strychnine was introduced into
his sugarbowl — a full half ounce. He
put two teaspoonsful Into his coffee
and a few minutes after partaking of
the beverage was in convulsions. By
superhuman efforts his life was saved.
Circumstantial evidence pointed to
Cuff as the poisoner. He was arrested,
tried, convicted and sentenced to
twenty years in the State penitentiary.
The case was appealed to the Supreme
Court and a new trial was ordered, on
the ground of irregularities. A chemi
cal analysis of the crystals remaining
in the strychnine phial and of the con
tents of the sugar bowl had not been
made. To provide against a repetition
of this irregularity on the second trial
District Attorney Bonner sent to Red
ding for Dr. Ferdinand Stabel, an au
thority on poisons and their effects.
Dr. Stabel made a chemical analysis of
the contents of the phial and the sugar
bowl and pronounced the foreign ele
ment strychnine. On the first trial it
was brought out that Cuff had pur
chased the poison in Alturas.
Dr. Stabel was on the stand three
days. He returned to Redding on Fri
day. The case is being tried before
Judge Harrington.
NO MORE MILK
IN GLASS JARS
Sanitary Innovation at
Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 15.— The order
issued by the Los Angeles Board of
Health, forbidding dairymen to deliver
milk in glass jars to residences, went
into effect to-day.
"Our object," said Health Officer
Powers in answering criticisms upon
the measure, "is to compel people to
furnish their own receptacles for milk.
This involves largely a question of mi
crobes. Glass jars cannot be sterilized.
This was the ground on which a simi
lar order was made recently in Eng
land. People are less_cleanly about the
milk they use than "almost anything
else. Many people are simply ignorant
on the subject. Others are careless.
Glass jars can be thoroughly sterilized
with hot water, with hot air, which is
used in New York, or by other pro
cesses, but it is not always done.
"One housekeeper may cleanse a jar
thoroughly, another may only rinse it,
while another may use the bottle for
various purposes, or let it stand un
covered on the back porch before re
turning it. The dairymen should see
that all bottles are scalded before us
ing. Sometimes they do; generally they
don't. Then bottles are distributed
again and again, the same one prob
ably never going twice to one house.
This creates a wholesale opportunity
for carrying infection.
"People would not think of using a
tincup or dish of any kind that was
passed from house to house, yet it
would be no worse than to use these
milk jars that have been goodness
know? Avhere.
"It is a question similar to that of
the use of towels in public schools,"
continued Dr. Powers. "A State law
requires schools to be supplied with
towels. Possibly 100, 200 or 300 children
may use one towel, and it would b^
hard to find 100 children without a side
one among them. It is a poor law and
leads to a filthy and unsanitary prac
tice.
"Of course, it Is the same with a
towel in any public place. No one
wants to use a towel that has been
used by a sick person; but how is he
going to know who used it before him?
The sooner people learn the danger of
the promiscuous use of such things the
sooner disease will decrease."
34
KAISER'S BID FOR
RUSSIA'S FAVOR
Orders a Special Performance of a
Russiar) Play and Attends in
Russian Ur)iform.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899,
by James Gordon Bennett. 
EB PARIS, April 15. — The Kaiser has established a curious precedent in ■
rlin, wh< ivlna, the Russian actress, is now playing. Ger- <3
5% many'B relations with England and the United States being so chilly, §
•' th.- Kaiser is cultivating Russian friendship in every possible way. He g?
'. performance of the Russian play at Kroll'a Theater, &
£> which he and the court attended. To add to the solemnity of the occa- a
*• Bion, his Majesty wore a Russian uniform. An Embassador at his side j?
JO ; :ai the play was about. The idea of making the costume &
tor harmonise with the play would make the audience as
'* !;.■ - i ■■- If the fashion became general. .•
a o
MANY KINDS OF TROUBLE
IN THE CZAR'S DOMAIN
LONDON', April —Advices received
from Russia seem to confirm the st'iritH
of trouble In the empire, including local
insurrections caused by the prevailing
Hcarcity of food, artisan troubles and d,is
turbances among university students. The .
latter, it appears, have combined in a pro- ,
test against brutal treatment upon the
part of the Cossacks, and it is assorted
ihat between strikes and expulsions about
CO ,OOO students have left the universities;
which are said to be closed in St. ■ ters
burg. Moscow. Kltff. Charkoff, Odessa,
Kazan. Tomsk and Warsaw.
It Is added that the ringleaders have
Ton lay Consult Huflyan Doctors Free
/ludtaiN
Ml Regulates the vl
If Digestive Organs, II
I Strengthens the II
w. Nervous System, J '
li Promotes Sound Sleep, IS
%^ Drives Impurities IM
From the Blood ■ JBr
SOc. J&gr
D The symptoms of impaired digestion are complex and deceptive. 5
U Among them are palpitation of the heart, loss of appetite, heartburn ■
n nervous tremors, sleeplessness, nightmare, flatulency, pain or Boreneaa ■
J in stomach, want of vigor, emaciation, etc. In fact, stomach trouble '
■ may derange the -ntire system. HUDYAN will correct this evil and re- ■
Q store th- natural function of the stomach. Z
3 HUDYAN is an invigorant of the entire physical structure, and the '
n nervous system comes within Its toning influence. As a remedy to ■
□ strengthen the nerves and build up the nervous Bystem, HUDYAN has '
Q no equaL Your nerve weakness may be due lo mental strain, overwork E
Cl anxiety or dissipation, or it may be secondary to other disorders' B
03 Whatever the cause, HUDYAN will supply the needed tone to your ncr- ■
B vous system. I
H Do not resort to narcotics and mineral sedatives to produce sleep I
■ for such remedies injure the brain, the nervous system, the stomach' I
H HUDYAN contains none of these. HUDYAN removes the cause thus I
■ producing nature's sleep, the sleep that brings health and vigor. ' £
E HUDYAN removes from the blood all such foreign elements as tend I
■ to breed disease and undermine the system. By strengthening and I
Q| stimulating the kidneys to perfect action these elements are driven E
g from the system. I
S With These Living Proofs No i
I One Can Doubt the Reme= '
§ dial Virtue of Hudyan. [
■ BLOOD DISEASE CURED.
a Sacramento"; cai.
B P<^ar Doctors: I just wish to write a
~ line to say th:it your Hudyan has cured
»« me of blood disease, nnd I am happy in-
BE deed in the kr.'.wledne that I am cured.
E There are no more eruptions upon my skin,
■ and r..i swelling in glands. I have no
55 nv.re [uin in my limbs It has been five
SI months since I took the course of Hu<l-
g| v.-in. anil there has been no sl^n of my
m trouble returning. Yours truly.
ty 3. T. BROWN.
m CHRONIC RHEUMATISM
g CURED.
=! NEW ORLEANS. La,
H3 Dear Pirs: I am glad to say that my
■ rheumatism Is cured, thanks to your good
jg Hudyan medicine. I am free from pain.
m ■' ran go about my work again with-
« out pufferine. 1 never saw anything act
■ B> nicely as did your medicine. It was ;
B like magic. 1 only regret that T did not
m learn of it years ago, or it would have
=! saved me 'much misery. " urs truly
H. ! M.
I AMMA CURED.
■ NEWARK. N. J.
m Dear Dnrtors: Your idyan Is a splen- I
{■ d 1 '- and reliable medicine, and I have rea-
m ron to know that it will do v.-hat you
■■ claim for It. I was very pal" and very
U wruk. Eyes were sunken and cheeks j
M were hollow. Had no appetite. l|
■ also suffered from Irregularities peculiar I
S to my sf-x. A friend told me about your
■ Hudyan. and I tried It. I gained strength
■ at once. I continued taking it. and now
I lam entirely cured. Very gratefully
£, MISS FLORENCE MERRITT.
I NERVGUS DYSPEPSIA CURED
H ELLENSBURG. Wash.
EJ Dear Plrs: Your medicine did me a
■ world of good. In fact it cured me. I
_ am not nervous any more, and don't have
«g that soreness In stomach after eating. . I
□ can now eat what I please, and It don't
Q distress me. Hudyan Is a good medicine
m H. W. SMITH. '
0
| NERVOUSNESS CURED.
m KROOKVILLE. Kan.
=! Gentlemen: I finished taking your Hud-
» yan two weeks ago, and must say it did
.1 work marvelously. My nervousness Is en-
U tlrely gone, ami I sleep well. If ,l learn
[ 01 any one milarlj alflicted I "will be.
« sure to reccmmer.d Hudyan.
' J ■■-,- • N. ROBERTS. .
| HUDYAN REMLi: , I
m Corner Stockton, Ellis and Mirket .r>., i •. S:z coo.'cal. j
§ »w Vou aye the Ppiv.le^e o? Consult rg the v. . an Do;tcPi I
Q About Youi' Case Free o? Cha» c Cai op Wp re ' [
a!onBBBHBHBaEBiSsaisiaai2EEaHEEi:LLtiL-.LLi;E:Ls:znEa[aHEi
been arrested, that many of the female
students have followed the example "f
en, and that the authorities regard
this as a serious matter, as experience
shown them women malcontents quickly
ii revolutionists. The students re
maining demand amnesty for th.-lr fellow
students and a reorganization of the sys
tem of university Inspection. The pres
ent movement, it is further assorted, In
not only the universities through
out Russia, lint als.. the large technical
collegi
New Landing at Santa Ana.
SANTA ANA. April 15.— Bids were open
m for the construction of
a cannery building for the Cutting Fruit
Company. The hid of F. H. Masow of
Sau Francisco for $8000 was accepted. The
cry will have an annual capacity of
cas« s ->f fruit.
NERVOUS PROSTRATION 5
CURED. I
PORTLAND. Or E
I'ear Doctors: I desire to add my testl- I
| mor.y relative to the merits of your Hud- a
| yan. I was pale and weak, In fact com-
I pletely run down. I suffered a great deal I
, wit l rain, and was very nervous I I
could not eat and was very thin. Had ■
headache very often. Your goud mcdl- i
cine has cured me entirely. I would say *
i to w all w men who are weaK and who 1
; siirrer, by all means take Hudyan. It I
I will cure." Yours sincerely, =
i MISS B. CHESMORE. |
DYSPEPSIA CURED. i
■ _ „ , EMPORIA, Kan. 2
Gentlemen: I can truthfully say that I
I Hudyan Is a splendid medicine 'j suf- I
fered very much with stomach trouble I
Could not sleep at night, and always felt i
worn-out In daytime. I was compelled to E
i live upon liquid foods, and became very I
j. thin, pale and weak. Had pain in stom- I
ach after eating. As soon as I began ■
Hudyan I noticed a good effect, and In B
less than four weeks I was completely ■
, cured. Respectfully, " ■
JOS. SPECHT. jjj
LUMBAGO (RHEUMATISM OF|
BACK) CURED. »
NEWBERN, S. C b
Dear. sirs: I am glad (to hay« the op- ■
| portunity of eaylng a few words In favor I
I of your medicine. I found Hudyan a very I
j reliable medicine. My back would pain ■
I me terribly at times. This was partlcu- 5
larly so In cold, damp weather. I used ■
a great many different remedies, but none I
did me any . good until I took Hudyan. |
Your Hudyan relieved and cured* me. ■
This was nearly a year ago, and I have ■
had no pain since. Yours respectfully, ■
LEON H. MASTERS. |
FEMALE WEAKNESS ' CURED j
DAVENPORT. lowa, p
Dear Doctors: A few months ago I 5
could not do my housework, I was so ■
weak. Had fainting spells, nervous head- I
aches, and pain In my side and back. I
I sufTered great pain each month. Your >j
| Hudyan has removed every symptom, and ■
I now feel better than for many years. B
MRS. M. T. CUSICK. g
KIDNEY DISEASE CURED. -|
RENO, New "
Dear Doctors: I wish to say that Hud- B
yan Is wonderful. The weakness uf my I
kidneys is corrected, and 1 have no more B
hii>daches. I liav>- no nrtore pain in bai kZ,
and am w- rk'm- ■ i •■• ■•■ d-"\ *ccei<t ray '■'
hecrticlt ;;■ -r,: r "H" HA?->'>\\ *
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1899.
MOSS' PROBE ENRAGES
RICHARD CROKER, THE CHIEF
OF THE TAMMANY TIGERS
Gotham's Bourbon Boss Declines to Answer
Questions Concerning Tribute From Cor=
porations and Arraigns Mr* Platt.
NEW YORK, April 15.— The Mazet In
vestigating Committee continued its sit
tings to-day. The hearing took place in
the United States Criminal Court room,
scarcely large enough to accommodate
£00 persons. There were present eighty
four reporters and stenographers, leaving
little room for the many outsiders who
were anxious to hear what more Mr.
Croker had to say and what Mr. Moss had
to ask him.
When Klehard Croker, the Tammany chief
tah., was again placed on the witness stand
Mr. Moeg recalled the assertion made by him
yesterday that if it should be proved that he
had' received dishonest money from the city
he would allow his rlffbt arm to be cut off.
"Are you willing to make the proposition
that if dishonest money or dishonorable tran
sactions are laid at your .door you will part
with your fortune and with your liberty?"
asked Mr. Moss.
"Yes," said Croker.
"That is more to the point," replied Moss.
Croker declined to talk regarding his finan
cial connections when h- returned from Europe
in 1597. Ii was, he said, his personal affair.
This same reason was given about his giving
his son money to sro into the railroad .con
struction business.
"While n:y son has been in the Roebling
Company," said Croker, "it has never re
ceived a contract from the city, so that it does
not concern this committee at all.
"I have the utmost confidence in that boy,
and if you can destroy him in the city, as you
are working to do — this committee, it seems,
has made a set against my two sons— if you. can
destroy b,lm and not allow htm to go Into busi
ness 1 suppose you will do so. (Jo on and ex
amine Mr. Platt's firm," Croker said hotly,
"and find out what his boys are in if you want
to be honest. You go and examine the people
who brought you here t" examine us. ■ That is
the gentleman (Mr. Platt) who puts you here
to examine us. You go and examine his firm.
They are at the foundation of all the corrup
tion in this city. I say there Is more corrup
tion In that firm 'to-day— and It Is run by all
or mostly all the corporations In this State
there is more corruption in that firm than any
where else. You go and examine that firm
now to be fair and brinff their books here."
Moss said the matter Croker had spoken of
was in no way concerned with the local gov
ernment.
"You make that matter In any way pertinent
to this inquiry and will examine Into it,"
said the lawyer. /;■'-
"The committee will throw It off," retorted
Crktr continued f> (lerlaini apainst th
influence anil the l'latt firm, which, ho said,
wns to : ntinulng, he .^.-liil:
"Mr. i'latt's ilrrn is taking all the corpora
tion! by retainer, it could not get tin- city de-
I^irtment6— the people would not. give them.
Th* people put us ln charge of the city depart
DR. BRA AND HIS
CANCER MICROBE
Value of the Discovery
Yet Conjecture.
Special Cable to The Call and the Njw York
Herald. Copyrighted, Ib 9«, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, April 15.— Some sensation has
i been caused of late by the discovery of
I Dr. Bra, and the press announcement
! that cancer microbe has been found . and
: isolated. The Herald has made a com
j plfte inquiry as far as 'possible into the
, matter in order to thoroughly ascertain
| the real value of the discovery and what
i fnight be expected of it.
i Dr Bra was Bald to have Isolated from can
j cerous tumors various kinds of lunsoid be
i longing to the ascomycetes tamlly. This para
! sit. was not only extracted from cancerous
tumors but was also cultivated t>y mixing with
I the blood of cancerous subjects. The blood is
i B aid to be fertile, only In later periods of the
I malady, when subjects have taken the pale
yellow color characteristic of cancer.
' This parasite 'la found in two lorms. in
spherules and cylindric celU. The spherules
! or pale light green color are round and consist
I of a protoplasmic mass, and outside the en
veloping membrane. They give rise to minute
spores in endogenous fashion. As to cylindric
cells of conlsia, they are refractive and are
six-thousandths of a millimetre long by two
thousandths of a millimetre broad, and these
; cells when they accumulate, can give rise to
absolute "mycelium." This parasite is probtc
i and can be cultivated at normal temperature,
and succeeds belt at 35 de«ree« centigrade, ihe
i spores however, will reelst temperature at
I boiling point for over an hour. Neither water
! nor desiccation alters its Testability to any
cI The culture can be made in beef tea or
sterilized milk or solid matters, a Jar of serum
gelatine or potatoes. There are certain cultures
which as they grow older assume a nne pink
C °t n iiis microscopic examinations of tumors
Dr Bra. found parasites in large quantities In
cells in the center or in cellular intervals. He j
I compares them to parasites which Souda Ker
wich Harier. Vilz, Szobraclng, Ruffcr and oth
ers have already discovered to be characteristic
°Dr Hra also claims to have in his experi
ments on animals by means of his cultures pro
duced acute and chronic Infections. These took
the form of tumors which varied automatically
from those which consisted of simple inflam
matory reaction to flbrosarcoma and real can-
Ce inoculatlon of this parasite also brought
about certain diseases of skin, ulcers in the
' stomach. Inflammation of the tongue and cirr
hosis and hypertrophy of the liver, especially
in the case of rabbits and does.
Such are the results which up to the present
: Dr Bra has achieved. Can they be accepted?
Thif< is not the opinion of Professor Curtis
I of Lille, who, making use of severe operating
I technique, only obtained negative results in
! twenty-five case.', but he suhmltted them to
i the three following conditions, and his opera
tions seem to have been excellently carried out:
1. He only employed for his inoculations
: absolutely fresh cancerous matter; as Boon as a
cancerous tumor was extirpated by the pur
-1 geon he carried out his inoculations with It.
2 He only used non-ulcerated tumors, and
■ these were not Infected artificially. As all
I ulcerate cancers of digestive or genital organs
I were more or less contaminated by secondary
I microbes of nil kinds and by ordinary fungoids
Professor Curtis only used cancers of the
I breast. >-.*■-».•■"'
3 He also confined himself to operating
1 quickly and antlneptleally.
' In working under these severe conditions all
' inoculations of dogs, rabbits, guinea pigs, rats
; and mice by cultures, either solids or fluids,
1 remained negative.
The following are the conclusions which Pro
fessor Curtis drew from his experiments:
"On the whole I am of the opinion that can
cer from n. human subject— by this I mean
1 eplthellan— ean neither be Inoculated in ani
mals usually employed in our laboratories nor
; cultivated in the usual fashion. The micro
i organism of cancer, If there is micro-organism,
has up to the present time evaded all re
tearch, hletological, experimental or bacterio
logical.
"I refuse to accept all observations of culture
and Inoculation of cancer which .have been
published, and to those who pretend to have
' succeeded I reply, place yourself In the condi
! tion I have Just laid, which a Judicious ex
perimental critic would insist on, and you will
i fail 88 I have done." . ■ V
We have thus placed before the readers of
the Herald the whole case. We must, there
! fore, await the result of new experiments to
settle the dispute between observers who hold
such different orlnions.
There still, however, remains an Important
! point. Admitting that Dr. Bra's investigations
have been exact, is it possible to draw from
them any conclusions in regard to treatment?
To settle this question we addressed ourselves
to Dr. Bra, who replied by letter, from which
we <-'Xtr:ict tr,» following passage:
"As to treatment, I am much less advanced.
The whole matter is confined to certain clln-
Ical and experimental facts, resulting, from
the. Injection of soluble produ-ct of funirold of
i ancer. Though the results are very favorable,
, I will only be able to speaK of them in some
i months' time."
1 I glean from the foregoing statement by Dr.
i Bra that he Is nekins to treat cancer by ln-
I oculatlng with soluble products— that is to
i say. ,i soluble fermentation engendered by a
rultur?: of the parasite fungoids of asccimycetes,
j these latter beins ' cultivated in favorable
m'l'wn.
' Tli's method of Injecting soluble products
• fabricated by the parasite, to vaccUwue with i
ments and we are responsible to the people for
them. You find one of the city departments
or any one In the city department who Is do-
Ing wrong and tell me, and I will be one of the
Cm persons to help get them out."
<'rnk'-r said he was not afraid of convicting
himself or of incriminating himself, but thought
there was no law or reason for Moss to come
. and examine Into his private a.ffairs.
Croker admitted that he had Instructions that
Assemblyman Redding ought to be reprimanded
for the Amsterdam grab.
"Have you not since January 1 been short
7000 shares of Manhattan stock jn one office at
Broad street?" a?ke<j Moss, changing the sub-
Ject.
<"rokor declined to answer.
Moss said th» questions as to Manhattan
stock were asked because of the movements of
the Tammmiy organization with regard to the
Manhattan elevated question— "which are mat
ters of Federal knowledge." said Moss, "and
will be proved at their proper time."
"Did you not sell Manhattan stock in antici
pation of an attack upon the Manhattan Com
pany? Did you know that the departments of
the city government were going to make an
attack on the Manhattan elevated road? Did
DSUIt with members of the city govern
ment, the heads of the departments, in refer
actlons against the Manhattan Elevated
Railroad Company?"
To all of these and nthpr similar questions
Croker refused tn make any definite answer.
He did not know if his friend. Andrew Freed
man, had lost money In Manhattan stock. He
did not remember when Oenrge Gould came
to see him (Croker) at Lakewood in IS9S, and
discussed the extension of the elevated road.
It \v;is about five weeks ago, Croker stated,
that ho spoke to Mr. Gould about allowing the
I his air atnl power company to be sus
pended from the Manhattan structure. Up be
lieved Ji" 1 "" 1 was the «urn offered to the elevated
road for the required privilege.
In answer to an unexpected question Croker
said he did not lose money on Manhattan stock.
"How is it." asked Moss, "that you arc will-
Ing t" say that you did not lose money on the
stock and you were not willing to say that
you were not short of the stock?"
"I did that Just to please you." said Croker.
Croker denied that an Investigation In the
elevated rend had been ordered with the ob
: compelling it to allow the stringing of
air and power pipes along its structure. Again
and again Croker refused to tell of his rela
tions with companies.
"We have a right to know how a man who
controls the municipal actions is able to go
and put his hand on business men and put
tli.-ir stock In his pocket for nothing. You
dart- not say that you have not done it, do
■
"Dar •.'." aid i'r iker ; shlngr; then,
in quieter tones, he added: "No, I won't til
my private-- affairs." and Moss Bald:
"You Isn't it a fact, Mr. Croker,
that, simply because you are the leader of
Tammany Hall, and because, as such leader,
you control the city departments, you have
It against that action of the parasite itsplf,
or to cure the maladies It engenders by the
hipi.' parasit< -this method, we Bay, la abso
lutely rational, and It is probable that if Dr.
Ura has discovered the parasite of cancer, he
is following at this moment the best means
for arriving ut the successful treatment of the
disease. But— for there Is a but— has he really
discovered the parasite of cancer?
It cannot be denied that the objections of
Professor Curtis are extremely Important. The
<■:■ rf- with which Dr. Bra has conducted his
experiments cannot be denied, but, on weigh
ing Judicially the pros and cons, one cannot
help being skeptical in regard to the discovery
fit th( microbe of cancer. We believe, wever,
that fresh li tlgationa are being undertaken
fn this direction by a very competent man of
science.
WILD GAMBLING IN
ENGLISH SOCIETY
One Lady Loses a Year's Pin Money
and Another Loses Herself to
Win a Husband.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
- ■ ■
LONDON, April IS.— Reference has been
made In a previous letter to how society
have in large numbers taken to
speculating on "change. Large sums of
money have been lost arid won in that
way. but card parties, which have 1 n
very numerous of late, have bad more
startling results. Whist and poker have
bet n responsible for much of the trouble.
and the new game of bridge is exercising
a remarkable fascination over the ladies
in particular. As an example of the in
discretion to which some are rushing a
society journal narrated the story of how
a lady lost £2000, representing the whole
Of her pin money for a year, during holy
week.
Apropos of this showing of the other
Bide of the picture hitherto unpublished,
a story is told of an interesting card play
ing tourney. A very rich man sat playing
pscarte with a pretty girl whom he In
tensely admired. She went on recklessly
staking her money until ruin stared her
in the faro.
"Doubles or quits." Faid the tempter.
She assented, knowing that she could
never pay. She lost.
"Yourself or quits." paid her opponent.
Again the girl summoned all her wits and
looked him straight in the face.
"Are you proposing to marry me? 1 ' she
asked.
He nodded. He won the game and the
pair made one of the happiest unions
known in England at the present day.
TRAIL TO DAWSON
BESET BY DANGERS
Alarm for the Safety of Hundreds of
Persons Now Traveling to the
Klondike.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 15.— The Btram
er Amur, which arrived this evening,
brought a number of Klondlkers. among
whom were John de Land and Dr. J. T.
Kelly, the latter formerly a dentist of
San Francisco. Dr. Kelly has been in the
interior for eighteen months, during
which time he has been very successful,
both in the Dawson and the American
districts.
Dr. Kelly and those who came out with
him are much concerned for the safety
of the hundreds of people who are now
on the trail on route to Dawson, many
of whom are not further along than Carl
boo and Tagish.
At Marsh Lake five days ago there were
t>!i inches of water on the ice. and the
same condition existed at Fifty-miie
River, where it was necessary to gef out
on the banks In order to get around the
water. Between Big and Little Salmon
rivers the water was several Inches deep
on the ice. .
While the party was crossing Summit
Lake on Saturday John de Land, who
ngmjmmzmßmmimmißmßm P^inlPQQ
JL Ji A i Ji V^
WjJtfSjUEF mf' Plates ' fu " set that fit - from $4.00
H^^^j^ffifr- Jj^T'^i I 5! WE DO THE BEST AND MOST ARTISTIC
H^/illk *j^l" *^?fel^^^B : '''l WORK ONLYI
awM^feii j Pure Goid Fmr)g from< ■ $ I'oo1 ' 00
i > ". I "*''^^R r -^ * LL WORK warrant ed.
■HHI^^S? 1 - • *. t^ifcf ,^A 927 MARKET STREET.
Over Cafe Zlnkand— Elevator. '. -
been taken Into the Auto-Truck Company and
given a large -amount of stock to secure your
Influence?"
Croker laughed. "No," he said; "you are
away off." Croker said that he was a practi
cal locomotive builder. He was not worth a
million dollars. He declined to answer when
asked If he was not given $140,ui.>0 of the Auto-
Truck stock without the payment of a dollar.
In . reply to a question regarding the con
trol of street franchises, Croker placed the
responsibility upon the city departments.
Croker said he did not Interfere in patron
age.
"I never ask for a place for a person," he
declared.
"Sometimes they make it worth your while
not to object, don't they?" asked Moss.
"No, sir," said Croker.
Croker said he thought the police ought to try
to close gambling houses In the city by a
real and earnest effort.
"You secured the closing of poolrooms once,
did you not?" asked the counsel.
"I don't know whether I did or not. I said
they ought to be stopped," replied Croker.
"You said It to Byrnes one day, did you
not?"
"Yes. Fir."
"And they stopped?"
"I don't know.".
Croker denied he had spoken to Byrnes be
cause the poolrooms interfered with his rac
ing matters. He said he had talked to Devery
about poolrooms, as he did to .Byrnes, and
would say It again.
"We will wait and see If they are closed
to-morrow," said M
Croker replied that when Moss was pru
rient of the Police Board ne wouldn't close
them.
Croker declined to say If he owned 8000
shares of the Huckleberry railroad at a time
when there was legislation pending at Albany
affecting that railroad.
Mess asked Croker if he did not receive from
Bourke Cockran part of the latter's fee for
getting a resolution through the Board of Al
dermen at the time when the Broad-street
Railroad changed its motive power from
horsepower to cable. Croker did not remem
ber that he received any money. Finally
Croker said he would only swear that he did
Dot remember receiving it.
"When you received from Cockran a sum
of money, did you not have a further conver
sation and ask him for more?" Insisted Moss.
"i object tv answering."
"And did not he refuse to give you more?"
Again the witness objected to answer.
"I don't remember anything about it. There
is no foundation at all for that. Cockran
wanted to be a United States Senator, and,
It you want to know, I opposed him I
we thought he was not a man fit for the
place. We had a man whom we preferred."
"I decline to answer," was Croker's answer
to many other questions as to whether he had
Bought money from various corporations.
The session was then adjourned until Mon
day rimming, when Croker's examination will
be continued.
was guiding a sled, slipped" through the
ice, which pave way under him. He held
to the sled, to which five dogs were at
tached, and was pulled out after having
been in water up to his waist. It was a
narrow escape, as the wate> at that point
was quite deep. Owing to the present
condition of the trail both Kelly and De
Land said It was now extremely hazard
ous to start for Dawson. exjtecting to '
make the trip by the winter route.
BELIEVE THEY ARE ON
THE TRAIL OF MOORE
Nevada City Officials Following a
New Lead in Bear River
Canyon.
NEVADA CITY. April IB.— A courier
reached here late last night with the
news that a rancher In (he lower part of
the county, while searching through the
thickets alonp Bear River Canyon, near
Placer County line, had come across a
camp fire that was yet smoking. The
tracks of a man and dog were found, and
as the camp was In an almost Inaccessi
ble locality, far from the line of travel
for tramps, it is confidently believed by
the Bear Valley settlers that Moore, the
fugitive murderer of Policeman Kilroy,
and his faithful dog are haunting trie
canyon.
Early this morning Sheriff Getchell,
City Marshal] Tompkins, Deputy Sheriff
Pascoe and Captain Mitchell of tho Na
tional Guard hurried to the point of dis
covery. At a late hour to-night they had
not returned and the opinion is that they '
have the outlaw of I,ittle Deer Creek
corraled in the canyon or have struck
his trail leading to the southwest and are
following it.
SAW MRS. GEORGE FIRE
THE FATAL SHOTS
Sexton's Slayer Positively Identified
as the Assassin by Two
Witnesses.
CANTON, Ohio, April 15.— Attorneys for i
the State regard this as the red letter day
in the trial of Mrs. George. They pro
duced eye-witnesses to the firing of two
of the shots which took effect in Saxton's
body. One of these claimed to have iden
tified Mrs. George positively and the
other testified that the woman she saw
do the shooting closely resembled Mrs.
Grnrgp. whom she knew only as she has
seen her in the courtroom.
The State also qualified a witness on
Airs. George's handwriting to identify a
letter which they want to Introduce in
evidence. They want to prove that Mayor
Rice, as counsel for Mrs. George, told
where to lind the weapon and sent
after it. |
BEFORE THE BEEF COURT.
Army Officers Testify Concerning the
Meat Supplied.
WASHINGTON, April la.-Tha Wado
court of inquiry did not conclude the ex
amination of witnesses before adjourning
to-day, as had been hoped, but when ad
journment was reached there were only
two more witnesses In sight. The wit
nesses to-day Included Inspector General
Breckinridge, General Gilmore and Colo
nels Bird and A. L. Smith of the commis
sary department and Professor W. O. At
water. The officers called related their
varied experiences with the beef supplied
to the army, and Professor At water gave
the results not only of chemical analysis
of the canned beef but of experiments
made with it upon persons in his labora
tory. He found the beef wholesome ac
cording to the chemical tests, but in one
of the experiments the subjects experi
enced failure of appetite and aversion to
the food.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ____^ —
• i
nemaL sales are SO POPULAR I
W " Y °SacliuS^of trfe bbliability of the merchand se present*
anS because of the i/ M i/si/^ur low pr.CES quoted.
THIS WEEK'S GREAT SPECIALS
f\& f=OLLO\A/S:
SILK DEPARTMENT. BLACK CREPONNES.
OILIV V t L K ''' l " affetas> ex- A new shipment just arrived. Th y
Bright French Fancj vi a^ osturn are certainly very handsome and Be
pressly imported for SU .™JI^ an d dark prices exceptionally low.
and waists: medium. l«ni tS -4 Hf) 44-inch Black Creponnes, six new f -
A charming assortment of man> ■■•^•^^ g lac creponnes ln l|ge
new styles in corded Taffetas m \ raise(] mohair effect; bril- (ft 4 I f)
pretty blues, heliotrope, O1 7QQ liant luster; good quality: m \IAU
pink, cyrano; 21 Inches Tk #.w d lue at $2 ; spec i a i C/| / |
wide: excellent quality; Ufg *J v Yard T^4*4l
worth $1 25. Price.. a Yard Novelty Black Creponnes in the k
100 pieces Colored Taffeta Silk in tne handsom est designs; very choice; In i
choicest new colorings of navy, royai, ]a and me dium raised (ft S\ 2'H \
heliotrope, lavender, cyranp, turquoise, £ff( , ( . ts; over fifteen dif-\ 'J.IV I
green, brown; excellent -] £ ferent styles; special at«| I -,
quality; regular price 80c £ *y f\ Yard^ J~~
This week •/\J \J Black Twine Serge, 46 inches wic: ;
Yard a U WO ol; extra good qual- /■• f
1000 yards 24-inch genuine Black itv; regular price 75c; spe- #% ilp |
Swiss Taffeta Silk: buy -y A* cial for this week ...... %J \Mj \
perior quality; high finish; £ *% f\ lard :
worth *1. While it lasts^ / %J {j ...EXTRA...
■■^yarfV^lnrtßlack. All-Silk. Sat- 46-1 nch Motal r Wool Dtawnal^in |
in Duchesse; very superior grade; new shades ot 2 e^ a^ k- i- p
H^^s $i- Ifc^Sl Wp
EXTRA VALUES IN DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT. | j
5000 yards Blue Seersuckers in different sized checks: fast colors; regjlar
value 10c and 12V2C: for to-morrow only; price oc a >ard. . i
100 dozen Bleached Turkish Bath ninn*lMO IU DCAnV UAni
iISC&H 12[c BARGAINS N REAOY-MAO,
100 dozen Ready-Made Sheets, with a g Ultllllll.ll lU.
2-inch hem; made of good A f\f - Pnr MniiflaV Qnri TlifiStlaVi
quality Sheeting; size 72x90; £L J o Q IUI IllUlluflJ OIIU IUCOUOJ.
regular value d-'Vjc; special at • mm Z v , , ____^__— _
200 dozen large size Linen Huck Tow- Crasn Dress Skirts made in laest
els. size 20x40; very pretty f/j2^ ptvle" also Covert Dress f\ t
borders; the regular 25c qual- /Q q Q g^ lrt g ln a n the new col- M*r»
Ity; for to-morrow only. Each ' " J** orings; special at Each VWil/
fiO pieces All-Linen, half bleached Sepa ate skirts of extremely styl
Table Linen (German manufacture), pia Yds in rl( h dark colorings; Bw
pxtra heavy quality; worth /J/l circular shape; percaline rt /- Kf)
85c yard; special at OUC lined; value $7 50. While A»1 nfl
_ they last y*is*%*Lr
rin,ia 100 dozen 2-clasn Pique ,,.,.. i i-
UlOVe Walking Gloves, in white. l a leS tVa/StS.
Qnamrtf black, brown, navy, green, *-«"'<« rru/010.
OpeCICU. tan oxblood ttii /I/) We can speak of our Silk and Coton
and mode: regular value A / (J (J Waists with the utmost confidere
l\ 25- bpecial at . . >»*»vrv Tne sty ](-s are excellent; variety tA
(Every pair ntled and guaranteed.) P^ees unsurp^ed . g --^ cQr6d
Satin All-Silk. Satin and Gros- fronts, in blue, brown, heliotrope, tx-
wuuii Grain Ribbon, No. 40 (", l 2 quois'e; lined throughout; (ft f\ p»r\
RibboilS intines , wide), in . all the excellent quality silk; A/l hj
iiiuuuiio, new colorings and yr special at yt\J*\J\r
black; special at 0 C Silk Waists made of handsome Piid
• IdIU Silk, in new spring color- fj\ r\ Cl*
No. Eat 00. No. 7at 4>34C. ings; lined throughout; A"J /*v)
ORr Wnoo Children's Imported Fast all sizes; special at V WfUI/
J(< nose Black Cotton Hose: high- nlln Q.'/L Ladies* Spun Silk Ribbd
■fnn IRr spliced heels and toes; ex- VfJUii '■»"'» Vests; fancy lace effecs-
iui ixji,. tra aiity; Bizea 4r» I/pc/o ln P ink - b!m . /^ />
5Vi to BV2; special for to-day I?)/* re;il:> - lavender, black hi
and to-morrow at I\* \s an d cream; special at */U(/
:__
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. \
... .
CHAVEZ DIES ON
THE SCAFFOLD
Condemned Man Was
"Game" to the Last.
ppeclal Dispatch to Thr Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, April 15.—
Manfuel Chavez was executed this>
morning: for one of the most brutal and
cowardly murders ever recorded in this
State. Indian blood flowed in the mur
derer's veins and, true to the traditions
of his race, he walked upon the scaf
fold and went to his death with the
resignation and indifference of a stoic.
The condemned man waived the read
ing of the death warrant, and with
Guards Arbograst and Merritt on either
side walked firmly up the steps of the
scaffold and took his position on th*
trap. He was preceded by Rev. Father
Lagan of San Rafael and Rev. Father
Vallidamat of San Francisco. Guard
Arbogast proved himself the worthy
successor of Amos Lunt as hangman,
and no bungling marred the fulfillment
of the law's decree. The trap fell at
10:32, and life was pronounced extinct
in ten and a half minutes. The body
twitched and jerked so convulsively for
five minutes that the majority of those
present were convinced the fall of five
feet and seven inches was insufficient
for Chavez's light weight, and that he
died of strangulation.
In addition to Dr. Lawlor, the prison
physician, Drs. W. J. TVickman and J.
Keck of San Rafael were present at the
execution.
A peculiar incident occurred during
the progress of the execution, which
was especially marked by the supersti
tious. As Chavez entered the execution
chamber a little English sparrow flitted
silently in at a window and, perching
upon a rafter near the scaffold, ap
peared to watch the gruesome specta
cle. As the trap fell it gave a faint
"cheep" and ten seconds afterward
darted out again into the sunlight.
The crime expiated by Chavez was
the murder of Gregoria Rodriguez in
San Diego' County on May 14, 1897. Fiv*.
days previously the woman, who had
lived with Chavez for some time, left
him and went to the house of a neigh
bor. He followed her and, upon being
told she would not return, slashed her
on the arm. She ran and fell fainting
on the rear porch. Chavez then cut
her throat and stabbed her a dozen
times.
INDIANS MAY ENLIST.
But No Two Red Men Can Serve in
the bame Command.
NEW YORK, April 15.— A Washington
special to the HeTald says: Instructions
have been issued by the War Department
to army recruiting officers advising them
to enlist Indians of education. Six voune
men from the Carlisle School have **.l
--j ready entered the service, two of whom
I have been sent to Cuba, one to Porto Rico
1 and one to the Philippines. The depart
; ment has no intention of forming any
I Indian organizations such as were formed
several years ago and proved to be fail
ures, but Indians who may enlist will be
distributed among the various regiments
so that there will not be two red men in
the same command.
BARDOU'S LATEST HIS BEST.
Sir Henry Irving Scores a Triumph
in "Robespierre."
H NEW YORK. April 15.-The Herald's
special cable from London gives an inter
esting account of the re-entry of Sir
, Henry Irving ou the Lyceum stage to
night, and the first performance «f Sar
(l.Hi's "Robespierre." Both play* and
playwright appear to have seoreira tri
umph, the actor making one of tr: pro
foundest impressions of his carte, and
the French dramatist's work beire: de
clared his masterpiece. Sardou'a latest
play is to be brought here next aufamn.
Prison Board to Meet.
SAX QUENTIN PRISON, Apr!) I.— The
monthly meeting of the Board of State
Prison Directors, scheduled for jb-day,
has been postponed until next Sabrdav,
the 22d inst.. because of Chavez's
tion and the indisposition of Directcr. Dev
lin. As a new warden is to be a>.ect< 1
at the meeting- it is looked forwrd to
with keen interest by the prison orw-ials.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
l = THE n
GLOVE HOUSE.
Ladies' 2-Clasp
Velvet Mocha Glove
90c \
The grandest wearing
glove made.
Very stylish.
All colors.
800 MARKET SI.
Cor. Grant Avenue.
MAIL ORDERS FILLED,
/
STANDARD MIXED
PAINT!
$j.oo r pf
*P — - Galon
MANUFACTURERS: V'
BUSWELL PAINTtO.,
71 302 Market St., S.f.
71 0 to 716 Broadway, Oafend.
FASCINATING >%,
COMPLEXIONS
r^U^T f°"' gmooth. rose-tinted *fBL P
complexion so uch desired can VJ-
ce ohtalned by the use of WOODBUR* raclnl
Soap and Facial Cream. The y Posseetonarvti-
new f° wer '« brlKhtenin* the colo i ilrtot
new nre and t one to the akin; beauMß'if » 4REDS BEATEN IN
THE FIRST GAME
Taken Into Camp by
the Pirates.
TWO STRAIGHT FOR CHICAGO
COLONELS LOSE BY A SCORE OF
TWO TO ONE.
Bostonese Lead Off by Defeating the
Grooms in a Magnificent
Game of Eleven '
Innings.
Fr^lal Pisratch to The CaJl.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Club*— W. L. Pot. i Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Ch 1 ™*'" 1 2 0 Cincinnati ..0 I .C«>l
Fhliadflphla. 2 0 l'Wi ! r^uißviu* ... o : .0<">0
Pittsburs ... 1 0 li>»!\VnshJnirton. 0 2 .00
S«- L- 1 "'" : 0 1000 ! Cleveland ... 0 1 .000 j
Paltlmore ... 1 0 lOTO'x^w Ynrk... 0 1 .<**>
Boston • ••■ 1 0 1000 ; Brooklyn .... 0 1 .000
CINCINNATI. April 15.-For the first ;
time In three years the Reds to-day lost :
the pening game of the seaaon Though
the weather was not of the baseball varl- j
ety, nearly m.ooo people witi • ssed the
contest, hich, with the exception of
the. nal two innings, was an excellent
exhibition. Plti in outplayed the Reds i
at every point and was favored by Dame
Fortune. McCarthy deserves the credit |
for the victory. Twice he pulled down !
hard drives on the left field nbankment i
after hard runs and at a Irj Ing point of j
the game he drove the ball over the fence
In the eighth inning for a homer. Most !
of the. Reds' hits came at the wrong timo
to net runs. The opening para and a
speech by Mayor Talfel were Indulged iv.
Score:
Cluhs— R. H. X
Cincinnati 2 11 1
FlUFburs E 10 1 ■
Katt^ries— Hawlcy end Peltz; Tannehlll and
Schrlver. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
LOUISVILLE, April 15.— Both Callahan !
and Dowllng pitched fine ball to-day and ;
had the Colonels supported their pitcher
the score would have been a tie. Atten
dance 2000. Score:
R. H. E. j
1 a 1 10 4
Chicago 2 11 2
Battprl^s — I»owllnK and KlUnvise; i'ahan .
and Chance. Umpires— Burns ajid Smith.
ST. LOUIS, April 15.— The baseball sea
son opened h*>re to-day with a game be
tween the Cleveland and St. l/ouis clubs,
which, Finoe last year, have changed
cities. Tebeau's St. Louis boys easily won
the game by heavy batting and good work !
in the field. Attendance 16,<X>0. Score:
riubF— R. H. E i
Pt. L,->uls 10 13' 4
Cleveland 1 6 4
Batterifs — Younc and O'Connor; Sudhoff and
Clements. Umpires — O'Day and Brennan.
BALTIMORE. April 15.-The rejuven
ated Orioles defeated the New Yorks to- '
day in a close game by a score of 5 to 3.
Attendance 3!>X>. Score:
Baiting R. H. E 3
6 3
New York 3 3 2
Bitterles— Kit^nn and Robinson: Doheny and ;
Warner. Umpires— Kmslie and ■ -ts.
PHILADELPHIA. April 15.— [t looked
like victory for Washington to-daj until
the seventh inning, when by opportune
hitting Philadelphia overcame the Sena
tors' lead and won by a close margin.
Attendance i^H. Score:
R. H. X
: i c. 12 4 1
» » Hi~.iini4tr ( n ••...*.••••>■*••••>■■**■■ 5 11 4
Bfittpries— Donohue and McFarland; Mercer (
and McGulrfi. Umpire?— Hunt and Connolly.
NEW YORK, April 15.— opening
gamp of the ipionshlp season in
Brooklyn to-day brought an attendance,
of over 20,000. It was a gala day in the
baseball annals of Greater New York. !
The game was a battle royal of eleven
innings between two as perfectly bal
anced teams as could- be rought together.
The pitching of Kennedy and Nichols was
superb. Both infields were veritable stone
walls*. Neither side • ould Bcore for ten
innings, and then Bton made the win
ning run on a wild throw by Jennings
that sent Bergen to second and Stahi's
drive to center for three bags. Score:
R. H. E. i
Brooklyn .•..■•■■••••••■••■•••....••■■ 0 4 1 '
Boston 17 0 I
, Batteries— Kennedy and Pmlth: Nichols and
■Bergren. Umpires — Andrews and Gaffney.
—
Santa Clara's Victory.
PAN* Jose. April 15.— At the State Nor
mal grounds Thursday afternoon tho
team de
ials by a score of 12 to n.
The fielding of both teams was Bplendid,
three errors being made duririjr thm i
game. The heavy hitting ati'l ex
■ m work made victory easy for
lara.
OFFICERS ARE CHOSEN.
PETAL.UMA. April 15.— Grand
Lodge of Danla adjourned pine die this
afternoon after a successful week's ses
sion. To-night there was a hall, and to
morrow the delegates will leave for their
homes. Ferndale was chnsen as the place
for the next Grand Lodge.
Th*> election of grand officers resulted as
follows: Grand president, C. Plow, Peta
luma; grand vice president, F. T. Sand
holdt, Haywards; grand secretary, T.
Iversen. San Francisco; grand treasurer,
C M. Beck, San Francisco; grand mar
shal, M. P. Meng, Ferndale; grand vice
marshal, H. Armstrong, Fresno; grand
librarian, 11. Meier, San Francisco; past
grand president, J. Peterson, San Fran
cisco.
Fail to Strike Gold.
MONTEREY, April 15.— Frank Car
el, formerly assistant onshier nf the
Monterey, who has ppent the
onths prospecting: in the
returned to Monterey and
tlon !n the hank. He
big strik> , as h>-> hoped,
■ of the party with
■ ■ • f<-.un(l a paying claim,
quantities of gold have
n fmm the Klondike mines, j
■ ■ • . ■ ome rr<m claims I
ip pi • the great rush j
i rs. CarmTchael re- •
Monterey an» now in the
irn home.
GRAPE-NUTS.
*?•*****# ******
& *
"£ People who *$r
Jb. can't eat 1;
T can t eat
J^ CAN EAT AND i±,
£ DIGEST
|^ Grape-Nuts. *
I FACT! ! t
Try the new food. £
If there be man or woman who has
trouble in digesting the breakfast, let
him or her adopt the following menu
and depend to a certainty on the re-
fHot milk and Grape-Nuts.
A little fruit.
Hot milk and Grape-Nuts,
Postum Food Coffee (be sure to boil
it 25 minutes and it's delicious).
: Let these three articles constitute the
breakfast and nothing more.
In three days the old world will turn
•around your way, and life seem worth
living. Try it.
THE EMPORIUM.
» Xjp*********^ Double Bed, bleached Samples of White Bedspreads, the full line of three different mills, %l*+*+*+++++4&{ Full-size Pillow Cases (45x
*J «- f" i sheeting ' fair quality, 81 one of a kind only, comprising all grades of Honeycomb and Marseilles, J Pillow jl 36 inches), well made, me-
* i -cc & m J inches wide, will . wear well, to be closed out this week at astonishingly low price. J Cases* J dium quality, at less than cost
| &M««««W«iS Per yard, only 16c — SAN FRANCISCO, APRIL 16, 1899. gJM«4««««W& of material, each fie
i On Exhibition. m m w . Lsnanus iOc ward
* A magnificent $10,000 model (14 feet lonßl of the palatial J^lM M_ jd # M* j^Tl^ ffl OMm o^ 7 ''SM* 9 ? ■*^«^ j^wia *t *
* rotunda. . . ... '^^^ The remarkable Wax Group, Christ Before Pilate,
J Aff^.— mm M^ «^---ji— The Summer StOCk iS ready. The Very top notch Of gOOdneSS in Spring and presented by the big store to the Park Museum, can be seen
i New Style SUBiS Summer commodities. We've gathered, the best from two hemispheres, and the r n e l u^ r t fc o T^TfL*™' a few days longer prior t0 ita
* For Small BOVSm est s none t0 ° B°od for the patrons of -this store. We've marked these excellent -^_ — •
* Before we teli you about th»ra, go o^s at the lowest prices compatible with fair, honest storekeeping. When fortunate Unarming/
* < &f^ r^i justa word about "Emporium cioth- buying chances come our way and we save money, our customers save money on WfSMSh FshriGS
» mmM their purchases in the same proportion. Have no doubts of-the qualities -that you. Tb , 9 Blor9 atMkbea the pr^ !m h ~Z^T,I
* /^S^^feiTV he other two " thirda S° toward buy here. (Jur guarantee IS back Of everything that We Sell. NO transaction IS get the benefit of superior assortments— the largest by far in
* fKWK'W/V linings, trimmings and making, for mmtllpJp With US Htitil UiP rilKtniYlPr i\ Knii^flPri town. V; r >
* / TWfJ^Wr^ \Jt is ira P° rtant that sewing be WmpWW iLU/l US UHUI Ul& CUSIOWer IS -SailSJiea. Z3phyr Ginghams, silk mixed warp, lnstrous and rich in ap-
* i I " N ' V I K°°^» the style artistic and that the 1 ~~ pearance, in the stylish colorings of the season — peryard.JOo
& tjuataword about its shape. Our buying chances come our way arid we save money, our customers save money on ne e P n J" r Ginghams, American make, raised cord thread,
Kd SKf2»TS'I2 SC ' heir v Purchases in the same proportion. Have no doubts of the qualities that you Tbi , ster9 e( , uh]i , he , thB ~ J „«"*„,
The other two-thirds go toward bllV here. Olir guarantee is back Of everything that We Sell. NO transaction IS get the benefit of superior assortments— the largest by far in
linings, trimmings and making, for mmtilpfp With 11 A until thp rudmnsr i\ sjfisfls/l town '
it is important that the sewing be CVfHpiW d.Ull US 71711/1 III& CUSlOimr IS SdUSJiea. 7j9phyr riinghama) gilk mixed warp> i ugtro u S and rich in a P -
good, the style artistic and that the "~ " pearance, in the stylish colorings of the season — peryard.^Oo
garment retain its shape. Our 1 A 'VM B^ n ■«_ a_ ** M 6r*^_^^S? ne e P^* r Ginghams, American make, raised cord thread,
*• "1 i / nrTl J clothing is built upon honor — will 4§§r^*^O-. *"* a W^CC o lil3V enSSSiSOn <£&asßsj* new blue and lavender colorings, a good assortment— per
£ \A | A\ ' keep its color, stay sewed, retain a&Sfo <jslc * men » Z^SS^F^' yarC^ * 12\O
* L/ \A i\\ its shape and wear well In no oth^r vSlstr *7%.W mwSMßff^Bfi Mm>m'*mm**imm4f*r*m***m /€s*» v^^^fe Imported Colored Piques, choice colorings, inwoven . stripe 3
* nil I r rail we sell is this better shown !f « W ■" IHUCn ImpOrtanUGm 'W^ $0' and plaids— per yard... -350
* W U-/ V 'r^;^™tis.- S^A Beginning Monday morni^ and until 6 o'clock Wednesday evening, if J^ut^xrJ^^:::^.'^.^^
i S^ ZJ' Xk guaranteed throughout. Here is I^llBll quantities last that long, we offer at about one-half the Usual COSt an lm- Printed Organdies, in fancy raised thread stripes, prettily
ij -»*> some reliable clothing for boys, JSPIBiL mense purchase of this season's Elegant Fancy Ribbons, suitable for Neck- colored floral designs, about 120 different patterns and color-
* ■■' tm just put in stock. " wPK^/k wear, Sashes and for Millinery purposes. There are nearly 10,000 yards ings to choose from— per yard Wo
|k New Sailors at $5 One lot of all-wool navy blue • < £v^s^3fl7 M\ in this collection— liberal quantities of all desirable colorings and weaves. Percales— we carry none but the best grade, and plenty of
t, serge Suits-collar braided with either black or rei— shield fVi V^^^i LJ\*>> Hi tnis CO leciion UDerai quantities OI ail i QesiraDie COlonngS ana weaves. them— in French blue, lavender, etc., full 36 inches wide— per
* embroidered to match— sizes 3to 10 years. It's the best suit 0 ) J V ri/jJj^-) There will be no quantity limit to individual purchases. ; . yard........ 12^o
; J we have ever sold at $5.00 Mn r \^A-^/^^- Our spacious counters in the main entrance to the I&tunda will be White Organdies, imported from France, 68 inches wide.
J One lot of all-wcol navy blue serge Sailor Suits— collar made [Mr^ -< A^^ uHli-ci to ivoid crow iinsr Fxtra sale<sh"ohle in attendance Bheer uniform weave, an excellent value— yard 4-Oo
Jof handsome Scotch plaid in two shades-a very stylish suit I*}LJ^°^ K4 \^\ ™W^,l TO avoid crowding. CXira salespeople in aiienaanct. White Pique, vertical welt, 31 inches wide, American make,
£ and entirely new— suit that you can't get elsewhere— s'zm \Mg]{\ M^^ 0^ nippp<? hlark r,nri7P Ribbon nippp<? 9\ innfi hln^V c-ilk Tnf good to wear— per yard 150
J3to 8 years-it looks like a $7.50 suit-our price $5.00 lsk <<^AX I>D > pieces maCK Uanze Kinnon, 66 pieces A-lllCh maCK Silk lat- French Pique, 15 ecea very fine white pique, medium-sized
I New Vcstee Suits at $3.45-Suit consists of Mh \J -"Q^ S*^ satin striped, for millinery and feta Moire Ribbon, the • 12ic welt, a really splendid value-per yard 250
I•> little jacket with sailor collar, vest prettily trimmed ,-ni /'^Ji?^-~V < N\\V E\J& dress trimmings and ruffles, the values fOo — —
• trousers trimmed at knee with braid and buckle— assortment Wr^=WW 25c Yard value 121-20 ,, spicces 2 inchMoire#Taffeta New Leather Goods.
* embraces fancy cheviots and caseimeres in all shades, trimmed W^ W^" 9o pieces 2f-inch Moire, Taffeta IHC?Wf B-*SC&IMiS2S~ VIUUU&.
£ with neat contrasting collars— navy b'.ue with either red /Y\ \ 135 pieces of 3i and 4 inch as- | Ribbon,- black, white, brown, tan, Ladies' Jacket Pocket Coin Purses— gen- g->
or blue braid. There are suits in this lot that are really $5 / m, (,\ sorted styles all-silk fancy Ribbon i yellow, the 15c values../^ 1-2 C vine alligator, inside pocket, leather lined-- >^ifev
A and $6 values. They are one of our money-savers— rJt^i ' i- i.i j • vi i • m a i.\ , . only 25c f/VJ T\^
* price .$3.45 *W h ht desirable colorings, Taffeta | 60 pieces 3}-inch Moire Taffeta Ladies' Coin Purses-genuine Morocco, pat- WOTrm
* __ _ _ ■ _ lftn ;. L - .- %n ombres, checks, plaids and stripe?, ! Ribbon, black, brown, white, light ented double frame, durably mode, pretty M_rY^s
I New and Popular Books* 100 pieces satin stnpe Gauze ; the 25c yard value 17c blue, purples, browns, the 18c shades - •••-• „■ ; 500 W&JZ§
J pub sners' nr Ribbon, 1<» inches wide, white ,__ . ,o1  . . ■ ™;j'™i;m ! #/r« Ladies' " Combination Pocket Book and \fl TTj/
I 4 « .- : ,;. - r ■./, P|; ll ee. c - l\ ,'v crround fancy colorinp-s the 10c 12. pieces of 3J and 4 inch as- yara values lOC . Card Case-Black and Colored, imitation
I L^StalL^^*!^ *-2O ? & Zt y . g> . 5c sorted hair stripe Ribbon, 60 pieces Moire Taffeta Ribbon, , ,™^ .™ TOn -l, several sizes and shapes 250
% Tne New AStt:::::::::: LBO 1.20 85 eces satin stripe Gauze . ral " bow effects ' P laid , S and checks, ;8^ inches wide white maise, light ililfra like picSre long shape lT s ß i?v°e k r
t A Dnet-Doyle... f 1.50 1.20 Ribhon 2{ inches wide, light col- ombre, moires rich seasonable i blue, brown, orange, the 20c yard W^J* h^j corner"- a showy. purse and strap
I Mr 6 r Sol V r h Peace and Tar " L 25 IoS orings a very pretty ribbon, the co orings, the 35c and 45c yard va i ues f7o clasp-only f.. P 630
I ggS^^EEEEF^-S 15c|aVdvaluL P ... y .^Bc va-s. ; . . : «#. 00 pieces Moire Taffeta Ribbo n , Po , ket 800k _ gennine Jtf£2£^°S^3*
* Strong Hearts- Cable. .; 1.20 .00 151 pieces fancy stripe Gauze 95 pieces of 4to O inch heavy :4i inches Wide, black, erea m , Ladies' Shopping Bags— grain leather, draw-string top—
J Black Douglass-Crockett 1.50 .20 Ribbon, 3to 4 inches wide, black, . quality silk fancy Ribbons, ex- j white, brown, cardinal, purple onl >' ' ....250
t i^gh^or^WasVn'Fiower-raVkoden:::::::: i^o 1:20 cream and fancy colorings, the quisite colorings, Persian stripes, pink, light blue, orange, the 25c" ,^o^ ' Bag8 ~ large " size Citation alligator, . leather
£ A Ken'of | Kipli"g— Clemens 75 .60 20c yard values lOc\ plaids, etc., the 50c values... 2Bc [ yard values 1Q O } '< - 7QO
> Phroso i paper)— Hope 50 .40 : ; ■ B"*a-BS*%^* §*%•%*£ *%U9*B*± '
* The Christian ipapert-Caine 50 .40 %*? b B eks £± B9&tk l|r*DCC KH* trs 8$ '«• BT"3i tin £ *» B** ®bßE*a* *U«¥(Wr#C?» UXfUfUSm
* The Choir Invisible-Allen- 50 .40 SUpOrBS UrCSS GOOiSS. FaShBOnaB9B& SbBBIS. One of Qur Leaderg for Spring.
* itfSf-a««r SaßVffß ff*B*aa*S*™LWZ*S*g* WUhout fear of contradiction we^awert that our assortments ASSOnmentS and Values SUCh as these Ladies' chocolate color Vici Kid
* %X§aSS anU trntnaWare of properlypncedOo.orei and Back Dress Goods are without a Qn | v one stQre j n C aR FranCJSCO Can Or Lace Oxfords-new coin toes- /^ = __p,
i Money-saving items that will interest P.eer in California. Every popular weave s here and excep- UI V UHG . bcoFe in ZdU rrdnClSCO Can Or kid of same material _ /r-=^g _
* v«—^ i, . ■ s . ... f*v tional care has been used in selecting qualities that will give Will OTT^r *.„.,. Tiilr ™t™ ff «i^»u o i«+ f-\. v fct\.
* J&~^> housekeepers at this season of the year: , . .. ° ' ft ""' wi-iti. ianc\ .silk vesting cloth — eyelet lii^^^^ W/*7ZV •
*> /fv-fzZ^r Crystal engraved Lemonade Sets— bi Ar»MT 19-inch hair stripe Swiss Taffeta— made especially for stays— turned sewed soles— a \rj-—-_^J- — •^ Xv >-—
•> [if* tA fancy shape pitcher, 6 tumblers and BLACK ■ . summer wear, 12 different colorings to select from— "Jaunty" and stylish Oxford— all l^i-J^o^, | , N —^
* \\ j'i^'4 silverine tray, like il- New English Mohair Crepons are the leading attraction at very neat shirt waists— per yard ; 6Oc , sizes and widths $f.50
% vrs V^W> "lustration 980 ■ the Black Goods Counters for the coming week — the very latest 24-inch Stripe Taffeta— extra heavy grade in a com- ~ •
J| '/— c^r^^^-^ Color ed G ais. Gild rf£ T -V-r - - ir^!^ and most beautiful high lustar effects — a choice assortment — plete line of spring and summer colorings, such a* Blues, &^* Ret& B* n *r* &t» T*jii.»ijl iSS
* m»CTAWiJ'*A aHd Fozcer Embo%sed Lp^^-=^j for complete suit pattern .*•>.<><> Modes, Greens, etc —per yard $t.OO UMOmilll B fUfgJ&j JLm&Cm
§v \L!r ■ T^"1 A "j 'i Tj L'monacU Seta from A-J </f v.-i^ I 50-nch English Black Whipcords— a very popular weave — 21-inch Ghevk Taffeta— soit make for snmmer wear w - ff ... . , . . _ _
* $1.50 up. fTOW^MI splendid finish and just the thing for a genteel street conume in a full line of colorings, including Purple, Turquoise^ -Greens * wffl oner tnis week some designs in Cushion Tops made
fr Fancy English Jar- i\'-f /i\AK'J| —5 grades-per yard $l t $1.25, $1.35, $1.50 and $1.75 and Brown-per yard .'. ! $f.OO of Waffla cloth— tinted colorings, such as lilies, violets and
* diniere?, 7 inches in height and 7., inches \V \^A-f/J 52-inch English Black Cheviots-tha m^st fashionable suit 20-inch Black Ground Taffeta with small co'ored a number of flowers-also conventional designs on Denim with
* acrossthetop 690 X<^Z3^ and serviceable fabric for tailor suits-6 grades-per yard Jacquard figure in new shades of Gerhe, Heliotrope, Green. tinted colorings at the very .ow price— each. 250
J Large assortment Jardinieres from 7oc to $1.75 Turquoise, e^c — ocr yard 850 mV******! T......1r 4*m& mfm)*fm)
± yryrr^^''7^^ r T^ 25c to $7.50 each 52-inch English Black Ssrges— the very b;st makes in all 19-inch Plain Colored Taffeta .n extra-good (UtOOmM M S^iMttKm mP%3m%JiJm
» r*^& — '-?}£ — f - Fine Garlsbad China Ice Cream the different weav^— 4 grades— per y(r i heavy fabric in almost every shade, including Violets, Bluets, p an^ v mo toi _™__ o j '^SLTi
* ■t^^^^^t-^-^ Set-large tray and 12 dishes.like - 75c, 85c, $1 and $1.25 Heliotropes and New Red.- per yard 850 TruS like picture double "nrnT
* <>m^>-^Y -*<z- illustration— gold edge with dainty 56-inch B.ack Rain-proof Serges-warranted not to spo; or i 22-inch Black Satin Duchesse qua-ity, hasn lock four stronV hin"es m- 11 /e-^PxPsZ^ZPS*^
* vjfr" J^ T '^y — "^ blue, yellow or lavender decora- shrink and the most durable cioth made — per varJ a very heavy and highly finished s itin, made especially for _l"i ;,. nr .' n i QTYIr ,, t,,^, C v i. *. F^-^=^jyx^^^^^
I TZ££¥ -- tion-13 pieces set $3.50 c6lors $1.50 and $2.00 dress skirts-per yard $USO bottom sei'uJ AMaJ
| £ * COLORS— 24-inch foil/ar«/s-a rich, lustrouVcloth-axquisite col- f our comX'tme^ - i Ffi^fi^^^
» Fine Lace Curtains. nwMiito^M.i^ktau. - N^"SoS a itary^^ 30-^ 32-^ 84.^ ss-inch SiiOQi^
* Brussels Lace Curtains (hand wrought), new, stylish, fresh handsome colonnra of pearl gray, French blue, tans and and White, Black and White, Black and Purple-per yard.sf.oO rT-TT I7TT T^TZ 77^1 **-*-^£l^^
* goods, of excellent quaiitv r.et, with Renaissance pattern* f.4 greens-per yan1......... GOc 20-inch Stripe Taffeta with Jacquard figure— a goo heavy b>o ° * <> - 50 b - 73 $7.25
* inches by yards, 3 grades-per pair.Ss.7s, S9 and $12.50 .02-inch Cheviot Serge- latest shadings for spr.ng cloth in grounds of B vets, Purple, Pervenche, Green, etc.- D^^ - 7^ o . - —-- m
J Point de Calais Curtains -he ivy bordered effe-t-,, scroll wear— browas, navys, Royal olue, hunters green and tans- very neat and dressy for shirt waiata per yard $UfO Remarkable SpOCiai Offerings
I S:.^te^^^BS^^ss C yo^ma»s-^wn^db,u;;Van < nf™^( i r;r^n^^^h ^;^Bu:t Groceries and Liquors
J G*.uine Lace Battenberg Curtains-net enters with elegant K^gTJSj HSj YaH !?2f ° ttler " Sty ' lSh fi'ffi H IU °J™P • etc., with sm ul black and white stnpe -suitable If we can be more particular in one deparSient than an-
J Battenberg borders. 3* yards by inches-per giir^ ■T^i^^^^'^^W^^n 5 other about "quality" it is in the Food Department. Only well
* 3>».dU, 3>y, 3>1,i.5U and »Io. U . diffarant ana as of tans and irravs— tier var 4 41 OI) i ncn ul . acK «eta(hwiss mike I— very rich ani lustrous— and favorably known brands, or pure food products put •up
» Arabian Curtains-beautiful P*«erns just> reogved-per F ' Suits 1 Zr^ cpfe^en ZI * d^-^' Ik - - de -pressly for summer dress skirts- . J under our P-onal supervision, their wa? to our s'helve^
I P air a> ' ' 50 SI3 - and S>l4 black, blue ani gold, brown and blua. green and red, slate and ' F J ..■.W....-..,;v..:.v.:.....:...; v v..;.. 7S Grocery and Liquor qualities we positively guarantee. Money
t Notions Shell Goods. green ' and grMaaadgold " for comi)f ; pBtten: " • - 00 Large Portraits, 65c. T^r^mify h fio^^^rU
* \, ,___ m _ mtm _ -^ _ • _ mJf * sacks, regularly 90c, for ~780
» Carlson & Currier Knitting Silk— « oz 25c CHaittOlS and MOCha GlOVeS* High-grade Portraits-three-quarter life finishsd in Best Oreamery Butter weight 2-lb squares
* Pompadour Combs -shell and amber 23c up . ■ pastel, water color, India ink. Sepia crayon, etc., from. 6sc tin this week only • ■ 4-Oc
* Side Combs-plain 20c pair up Two new arriyals-the correct colorings and newest em- Enlargement! made from any small picture - single Albert Roch7'lnlported"Sa^ 100
* Side Combs— Rhinestones 35c pair up broidery. Ladies' 2-chsp Chamois Wash Gloves, embroidered pictures copied from groups— the work is executed tin . w/,,.w^^
* Heavy Shell Hiir Pins 12c dozen backs, raoie, pearl, natural color or white, every pair fitted 'by expert artists-it positively will not fade, and 2500 cans "raftifo ' Fru/if— Peaches ''Pears*'*Plums and
J Pearl Buttons— good quality— lB to 24 1ine. ...9c card 2 do/en and guaranteed to wash 850 ian exact reproduction is guaranteed We also en- Apricots— while supply lasts per can !. ' 100
* EiaS . tiC Belt . ing -' "^ s °2sc rd ard cha^cfoves 1 — new TBTBjgg gET fP^ %jkffl W%£s%i Wfak IjSS M UWkmmm* large Kodak P ictures Clean White Table ia«-10.1b'sackV,'Veguiar'fy"8c, this
t GrVd e Dres3Shlelds-f0r....... 10c each style embroidery- g^ m ffl M* gP^ifKn ffi M I 98^^' Animals Flow- Our $1.50 gallon quality Port Or Sherry—this week*
»> Pompadour Hair Rolls— B-inch 10c cadi Redp, Blum, Greens, B&* * f **" ** j"^ »*^ Wtt W Kh| }M ers, Animals, etc., Our $1.50 gallon quality Port or Sherry— this week
* Pompadour Hair Rolls— lo-inch 15c each ' Browns, Tans, (jrays WkJ^Pi**^ ifciT^^CC BWB 'the effect obtained " $105
I tttttJ^JZZ^ZZZZZjBSZ r L p .td~:ho P F Golden Rule Bazaar. ? bei " 8 ""* tonat " r9 - do^fLf"'"™'' *^^ =: '" g °' 8 %/ os
i S^ttfca^aSZlZZZK-SSS SS^^-iiSS California's Largest-America's Grandest Store. i£'3^S.
THE NATIVES OF
GUAM FRIENDLY
A Government Estab
lished by Taussig.
h tj Th» CalL
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, April 15.
The following cablegram has been re
ceived by the Navy Department from
Admiral Dewey:
■MANILA. April 15.— Secretary of the
Navy. Washington: The Wheeling has
arrived, six days from Guam. Quiet
and order there. Most friendly to
Americans. Native government estab
lished by Taussig working well. Na
tive soldiers fine body of men. Nan
Shan (United States naval transport)
In Guam."
The announcement of the successful
i establishment of the native government
in the Island of Guam Is a matter of
, deep satisfaction In official circles, and
| especially the information that the na
tives are most friendly disposed toward
' this country. As the?.- j pp c arP
i known to be of a higher degree of In.
telllgence than the native Filipino and
a finer race generally, there is no ap
prehension thai the leasi trouble will
! be given or that they will not be amen
able to American Influences and read
ily accept th<- authority of this Gov
-1 ernment. "While it is not stated in Ad-
I miral Dewey's cablegram tho nature of
; the local government created, it is be
lieved that captain Taussig has set
temporary machinery In motion for the
maintenance of order on the island and
the conduct of affairs on a sound basis
preparatory to the arrival of Governor
General Leary, who sails on the Yo
semite this week with his staff to as
sume full charge of affairs.
Captain Leary Is the first naval offl
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1899.
THE EMPORIUM.
cer to hold the oflice nf Governor Gr-n
--.•rnl of a oniony in the history of this
country, and it is conceded that n<> bet
ter selection could havo been made
from Hi.' navy than this appointment.
Guam, administration officials con
cede, will civ.' little trouble either to
the new Governor General or this Gov
ernment The officers required to ad
minister affairs will be few In number,
and where possible the policy Inaugu
rated in Cuba will be adhered to of ap
pointing to these place? natives com
petent and honest. Strict supervision,
however, will be maintained by the
American officials.
With the arrival of the Yosemite in
about sixty days the labor of creating
adequate quarters for the American
colony "ill begin. Guam has already
been selected ac a naval coaling station
by the Navy Department, and contracts
were awarded several weeks ago for
the location of suitable piers, ware
houses and coal sheds for receiving
large quantities of coal. It will event
ually he an important stopping place
for vessels en route from the Pacific
Coast to Manila. Samoa and Australia,
and with the station at Pearl Harbor,
Hawaii, one at Pago-Pago, near Apia,
and another at Cavlte there will be
facilities for coaling ships on the Pa
cific unequaled by any foreign power.
Aside from Croat Britain the I'nited
States now holds coaling stations or
cessions of land upon which to estab
lish them, equal to "those of all the
other nations combined. There is prac
tically no power that so completely
dominates the Pacific now as this coun
try. One year ago no steps had been
taken to even erect coal sheds at Sa
moa, while now work is practically
progressing at all stations.
Masked Men Rob a Saloon.
REDDING, April li.—" Cap" Vickers*
resort nn the Middle Creek road was the
scene of a bold robbery last night. The
proprietor was called to the door at a
late hour, confronted by two masked men
and his place robbed of a smallsum of
money and a quantity of liquor. The
highwaymen were described as a "tall and
a short man." They wore gunnysaek
masks. They carried off two gallons of
whisky and eleven bottles of beer. ■'■%Vi
Advances made on furniture and p\A\oe, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE EMPORIUM.
EPWORTH LEAGUE
MOVING FORWARD
Prospers Financiallyand
Spiritually.
Special PUratch to Th* Call.
SANTA CRUZ, April 15.— The Kpworth
Leaguer, bedecked with badges, la Been
everywhere, and the convention is a buc
oess. The opening praise and consecra
tion service this morning was led l>y the
Rev. Mr. Thompson of Gilroy. Tne
motto chosen for the convention la
"Prove all things. Hold fast to th;it
which is good." The opening address by
President C. B. Perkins was on "Loy
alty." Then came reports. Presiding
Elder W. W. Case reported thorouga
work being done by all tne young peo
ple's societies of the district. He espe
cially emphasized the good work of ihe
juniors. Treasurer Adolph Jacobs report
ed $20 96 raised toward the support of a
deaconess in the Deaconess' i raining
Home.
Reports were then given by the socie- i
ties. All arc in a prosperous condition,
financially and spiritually. The societies
that reported were •'amphells. College
Park, Evergreen, Hollister, Gilrov, Lor- I
enzo, Los Gatos, Pacific Grove, Red
wood City. Salinas, Santa Clara Santa
Cruz; from San Francisco— California-
Btreet, Central, Epworth, First Church,
CFFace', Howard-street. Potroro, Simpson
Memorial: from San Jose— First and
< lentelis : Watsonvitye.
The departments were then taken up. I
That in spiritual work was presided over
by Miss B. Crummy. The opening ad
dress was on "Loyalty to Our Pledce
and Its Demands," by j. C. Spencer of
Los Gatos, A discussion followed. The
work of. the literary department was
taken up by Miss Johnston of College j
Park. The social department was under
the charge of Charles H. Jacob of San
Francisco. In this department the league
is doing excellent work. Miss (iates, a
deaconess from San Francisco, gave the
address under the head of fhe mercy and
help department. This was followed* by a I
paper by Miss Mabel Lamb of Los :
Gatoß.
The committees appointed by the
THE EMPORIUM.
presidpnt were as follows:
California, 1901— Dr. Filbpn (chairman),
E. C. Murlimrt, Rpv. G. K. Stanley, Miss
NVllip Hanson. Miss Mary St. James,
Frorl Morrom, A. W. Cole.
Resolutions— Anita Mayn (chairman),
Harry Winston, J. •'. Spencer, P. L.
Heath, Leonora Shattmk, C. I^. Peterson,
.1. I :. Wort hington.
Norainatiom— C. H. Jarob (chairman).
Etta Snedecor, Rev. <;. T-. Tompson, A. M.
Jfffrios, H. A. Jlvfie, Tessie Crothers, K.
J. Craig.
Secretary Elgin G. Hurlburt of
Campbell' gave a very encouraging re
port for San Francisco district. In the
district there are thirty-seven churches
and thirty-ono senior leagues, one
Christian Endeavor Society, nine inter
mediate leagues and nineteen junior
leagues. The membership in the senior
leagues is 2106; in the. intermediate
leagues, 308; in the junior leagues, 933;
total, 33fi'i. The largest senior league
is that of First Church at San Jose,
with 174 members; the largest inter
mediate league, that of First Church
in San Jose, with 58 members; the larg
est junior league, that of the same
church, with 117 ' members. The largest
young people's society in the district
is that of Central Church in San Fran
cisco, a Christian Endeavor Society of
206 members. During the year one
senior, six intermediate and one junior
league have been organised.
An enthusiastic junior rally was held
this afternoon. Miss Ettie B. Lloyd of
Pacific Grove presiding. At 7 o'clock
an immense street meeting was led by
Rev. E. ff. Robertson.
The election of officers resulted as
follows: President, H. D. Smith, Santa
Cruz; first vice president, Harry Wins
ton, Pacific Grove; second vice presi
dent, George Ehrhart, San Jose; third
vice president. Miss Fannie Johnston,
Pacific Grove; fourth vice president,
Mr. Tooker, Grace Church, San Fran
cisco; secretary, Elgin G. Hurlburt,
Campbell; treasurer, Adolf C. Jacob,
First Church, San Francisco; Junior
superintendent, Miss Ettie Lloyd, Pa
cific Grove: intermediate superintend
ent. Miss Crothers, Central Church, San
Jose.
An address on "Good Citizenship"
was delivered by Nathan Newby of Los
Angeles and one on' "The Twentieth
Century Outlook for Christian Work, "
by Rev. W. M. Woodward, pastor of
the Epworth Church, San Francisco.
THE EMPORIUM.
PROSECUTION OF
SENATOR QUAY
Telling Evidence Has
Been Admitted.
Special Dispatch to The CaJl.
PHILADELPHIA, April 1R — Th*
prosecution in the trial of United States
Senator Quay succeeded to-day in hav
ing admitted as evidence the books
found in Cashier Hopkins' desk after
the People's Bank failure, and on the
pages of which the commonwealth al
leges will be found the evidences of
conspiracy between Mr. Quay, late ex-
State Treasurer B. J. Haywood and
John S. Hopkins, the dead cashier.
These books are the famous "red book,"
over which the legal battle as to its
admissibility has waged since' the early
part of the week and which ended to
day in a complete victory for the pros
ecution, and the others are those known
as the "black book" and the "blue
book."
In the "red hook," is is charged by the
prosecution, will be found calculations
by Hopkins of interest on State funds
on which interest was paid to State
Treasurer Haywood and to Senator
Quay.
The "black book" contains records
and entries pertaining to stock trans
actions alleged to connect the defend
ant with Hopkins in using State funds
for speculation.
The "blue book" is asserted to be a
record of individual loans made by
Cashier Hopkins, and it is charged that
It will show that Senator Quay was
loaned money without security.
Throughout the week there has been
skirmish after skirmish between coun
sel as the line of evidence drew closer
to the subject matter In the red book.
The placing on the stand yesterday by
THE EMPORIUM.
District Attorney Rothermel of Meyer
Goldsmith precipitated the battle which
routed the forces of the defense on tho
point at issue.
The decision was based entirely on
the answer of the expert to the ques
tion, "Do you, in your opinion as an
expert, from an examination of the
book known as* the 'rod book,' consider
it a book of the hank?" and Mr. Gold
smith's reply, "It is undoubtedly a book
of the bank."
The combined wisdom and skill of
Mr. Quay's counsel was directed at the
witness in crops-examination. He was
made to admit that there were many
clerical errors in tho book; that the
pages wore not numbered; that many
of the entries were in lead pencil; that
he never knew of a bank keeping en
tries in such a manner, and that th%
bank's regular books contained no r. f
erence to the red book. It was just
after the expert had finished his testi
mony to-day that the forces lined up
for the final test.
David Watson of Pittshurg in a clear,
i compact and concise manner presented
the objections in a masterly and elo
quent manner. The District Attorney's
reply was remarkably brief and to the
point. He maintained that it was a
! book of the bank according' t" an ex
| pert, because a thorough understand
ing of the affairs of the bank could not
be reached without it. Judge Biddies
decision sustained the District Attor
ney.
Mangled by Dynamite.
REDDING, April 15. John Sandstrom,
a tributor of the Washington mine it
j French Gulch, was terribly mangled yes
terday by the accidental explosion of a
stick of Riant powder. !'•■ was alone in
a drift ami was preparing two sticks of
the explosive to put in a blast. One .--tick
> exploded, shattering >r right arm. cut
ting and burning his fact- and Lacerating
his body and legs. On his failure to put
i in an appearance at the noonday meal a
| search party was organized by Volney
Fox and the unfortunate man was found
iin tho drift, bleeding and unconsi
I Surgeons wer^ called from this city ami
j amputated the patient's right arm. To
day Sandstrom was removed to the Coun
ty Hospital, as he is a Btranger here and.
the whereabouts of his relatives or
friends is unknown. He is 2ei years old.
If your property is mortgaged an<l you nepd
more money see H. Murphy, 630 Market. *
56
SUNDAY APRIL 16, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market ond Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main I&6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 2SI Stevenson Street
Telephone Main IF7<.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Kir.gle Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Poßtage:
PAILY CALL ( Ir.cludlnr Sunday Call), one year $6.00 '•
DAILY CALL (Including: Sunday Call), « months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months IJJO
DAILY CALL— By Plngle Month **3o
EUNDAY CALL One Year I.CO
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
AJI poetmanters are authorized to rewrlve subscription*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when raquested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Bulldla*
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette BuHdtn*
C. GEORGE KROG!\ Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICE6— SB7 Montgomery «treet. corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock.- 367 Hayes street, ooen until
9:30 o'clock 6£i McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock, t's Lorkjn street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open UQtll 10 o'clock £291 Market
Hreet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. £6ld
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Elaventtj
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an*
K— ttMeJcy streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia "R^b Roy" to-morrow night.
lifomla— "A Hot old Time" to-morrow night.
Grand Oppra "House — "Queen's Lace Handkerchief."
Orpbeum Vaudeville.
Alcaiar— "Humbug."
Tivoll— "Beautiful Golden Locks."
Chutes Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening:.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis ptreets, Specialties.
Grand Opera House— Saver Recitais. Wednesday afternoon,
April IS.
Grand Open H ruse ■ Roiftntnal. Tuesday afternoon. April 25.
Sherman-Clay Hall — lan Macla:en, Friday afternoon,
April 21.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Fay.
Ilecreation Park— Baseball.
Union Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
<;icn Pa:k--Mission Zoo.
Metropolitan Temple- Moving Pictures, Monday, April 17.
El Campo— The popular bay resort. Amusements every
Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
morrow, at 2 and S p. m. , at 39
"hlnes-t* and Japani-*-.- t ,
By A. W. Louderback— To-morrow, at 30.3 c a. m. and 2:30 p.
to., nt i 2."> Geary et., i<u«».
c FIGHT FOR DECENCY.
Till-; CALL'S fight for decency has been won.
graphic pictures in local phono
graph galleries will have to be turned toward
the wall. John Carroll, the first of the proprietors of
such establishments to be arrested by reason of this
's expose of their vile exhibitions, has been
fine'! ffense, and Acting Police Judge Barry
announced from the bench that his next offense of
this character would be visited with the extreme pen
• c law. A similar fate, he said, would over
take Carroll's fellow-pan derers of this particular form
c: pruriency.
The fine imposed on Carroll was altogether inade
quate to the offense, but the court explained that it
fixed at the sum of $10 not with the idea that the
law had been satisfied with such a penalty, but that,
being the prisoner's first offense, he might have
warning of what he might expect in the future. In
iew of it no exception can be taken to the court's
judgment.
In passing sentence upon Carroll, Judge Barry took
occasion to vent his opinion concerning the style of
exhil demned by The Call. In it he bore out
every statement published by this paper concerning
the evils of the phonograph parlor as it had been con
ducted up to the time of the raid following the expose.
"The pictures are suggestively immoral," he said,
"and it is a bad thing for children to be schooled in
immorality by the payment of a nickel. It is even
bad enough for adults, and is opposed to the good
morals of the community."
Neither the fine nor the lecture seemed to have
much effect on Carroll, but it is safe to say that he will
not care to take a second chance of a violation of the
law.
JUDGE MOGfIN'S CHARGE.
THE CALL'S criticism of Judge Mogan's charge
to the jury in the Jones case was founded upon
a report in a morning paper which purported to
contain a synopsis of one of its paragraphs. We re
luctantly assumed its truth, for Judge Mogan has not
previously given us any ground for believing that he
would deliberately deliver a charge calculated to effect
the acquittal of the accused in this case. We there
fore cheerfully note what he says with reference to
the matter in an interview with a Call reporter yester
day. Undoubtedly, as he avers, a defendant has a
right to request the court to deliver certain instruc
tions, but the right of the court to refuse to deliver
instructions which will prejudice the case in either
direction is also undoubted When the evidence
shows that an accus< n is guilty a criminal
Judge has no moral right to accept instructions which,
it heeded by the jury, will cause his acquittal.
Judge Mogan in his judicial robes is supposed to
be a stern and unrelenting minister of justice. He is
net placed upon the bench of the Police Court to act
as a dummy for any attorney, and when he perceives
that the proof in a specified case' establishes the guilt
of a person charged with crime, it is his duty to main
tain the law with such severity as he may think the
ease demands.
We credited the report upon which our criticism
was founded ir.orc because, of the result in the Jones
case than because we thought Judge Mogan had de
liberately attempted to acquit the accused. The
evidence was dear that Jones had committed .the
offense of gambling at the Ingleside racetrack. Vet
the jury stood ten to two for acquittal. It seemed to
us that unless the jury was composed of men
avowedly in sympathy with racetrack gambling such
a result would be impossible. It the Ingleside gam
blers arc fixing juries in Judge Mogan's court it is
his duty to put a stop to the practice.
We arc not disposed to hold Judges to a too strict
accountability, for we know that their powers are
limited and that the wool is frequently pulled over
their eyes by the tricky lawyers and officials who sur
round them. But Judge Mogan is a capable man,
who thoroughly understands his business, and it is to
be hoped that he will keep his eyes open when the
ca^es of these Inglesidc gamblers come before him.
What we have said will do him no harm if its effect
shall be to arouse him to renewed vigilance. He
will be judged finally according to the whole record,
not by the result in a specified case.
THE SfIMOAN DIFFICULTY.
YON BULOW, the German Minister for Foreign
Affairs, in his statement of the Samoan ques
tion, made to the Reichstag, said: "Regarding
the history of the complications in Samoa, I have
inadc a statement to the budget committee and have
; particularly pointed out how, since the coming into
j force of the act (the tripartite treaty) disturbances
and frictions between the representatives of the
powers have not been lacking."
Looked at in a spirit of calmness, from the stand
point of American interests, one is compelled to won
der that such an agreement as that with England and
: Germany was ever entered into at all. The three na
j tions are there, on terms of treaty equality, to oversee
I and direct the tribal government of about 40.000 na
tives, who have been divided into parties and factions
for many years. Their divisions have been accen
tuated by the missionaries of different Christian
: creeds, and their later rivalries and riots have been
! embittered, beyond even those of the cannibal days,
jby this new factor of confusion. The kingship of
those people is something of but small importance to
1 the outside world. It in no way influences the crop of
; cocoanuts and its conversion into copra, which is
I about the only product of the islands capable of being
put in condition to find the distant markets of the
i world. German, English and American planters have
1 plantations there and raise cocoanuts and ship the
■ dried pulp as the raw material of an oil that is used
iin making fine soap?. But. as far as known, the rights
of these planters have usually been as well respected
i as the rights of miners and land-owners are in other
I parts of the world. A consular officer or commercial
' agent of the three Governments located at Apia, with
instructions to prevent the sale of firearms and fire
water to the natives, would be able to protect all the
. interests of the three nations. The climate is tropical,
i white labor cannot be employed, and permanent
■ white colonization is impossible. The natives will
j perform only the crude labor of bursting cocoanut
! shells with a club gathering the pulp when it has
' dried in the sun and separated from the shell. They
wait with patience for the nuts to fall and have a
capacity for rest that is admirable. Armed only with
, their primitive weapons, their political feuds might be
; fought out with no more danger to the few white
planters and storekeepers than is incurred by the
audience which yells at a football match from the safe
; distance of the bleachers.
There have been some ridiculous adventures in
i government before, but hardly any equal to the one
undertaken by us and our two partners in Samoa.
Great warships of the three nations swelter and shine
in the tropical sun at Apia, and each one costs the tax
payers annually as much as the value of the entire
trade of the islands secured by each country. The
three representatives of the three partners, having
nntliing else to do, indulge in native politics. When
: Germany shuts out our pork or refuses our dried
; peaches in fear of the San Jose scale, our represcnta
: tive in Samoa feels it his duty to incite evil among
: the natives against the representative of our German
1 partner.
When German jealousy looks with verdant eye
upon our feats in the Philippines the representative
'■ of the Kaiser whispers hatred into the particular
j Samoan ear that he controls. So, the jealousies and
! rivalries of the three Governments, their trade de
; vices, policies and competitions, are focused and
! compressed within the narrow borders of Apia and
i the natives are converted into enemies or partisans
of the American hog and dried peach. No wonder
j that Yon Bulow has taken the budget committee into
; his confidence in the matter of these frictions and
• difficulties.
As for the Samoans, they are suffering from being
! governed too much, and would gain greatly if left to
i themselves, with the sole injunction that they must
not eat each other. They have as much right to in
dulge in dynastic battles as the English had to
; luxuriate in skull-cracking during the Wars of the
I Roses, or we to have our quadrennial mud-slinging in
a Presidential campaign. It is to be hoped that Ger
many is tired enough of the business to propose that
all three pull out of it, for it is likely that the United
! States and England would be glad to do so.
It should be noted that we are falling into the com
mission habit as the result of these outside complica
tions. We have had a Hawaiian Commission to re
port a government for those islands, and its report
is sleeping on the files of the last Congress. We
have a large commission in the Philippines waving
the olive branch over a desolation created by our
great gun?. Commissioners have gone to the West
Indian islands, and now a Commissioner is on his way
to Samoa, there to meet the Commissioners of Eng
land and Germany, under instructions to be unani-
moos or nothing.
The Samoan business has brought us as near to
war with Germany as we were to war with Spain two
years ago, and Mr. Hull, chairman of the Military
Committee of the House, has announced that the
people out in lowa have a thirst for German gore.
It is to be hoped that common sense will prevail
and that the three great countries will at least show
as much self-control as the Samoans.
OUR STATE LEGISLATURES.
/\/l R. SYDNEY WEBB, who is now delivering a
/ \ course of lectures at the London School of
* * Economics and Political Science on the work
ing of the American constitution, has been giving ut
terance to some very decided opinions upon our State
govcrnmeiV nd a brief review published in the
London Chronicle of one of his lectures on that sub
ject contains much that will be interesting, if for no
other reason than that of showing what an intelli
gent foreign critic thinks of them.
The lecturer notes in the first place that American
State governments are more obscure to foreigners,
and to a considerable number of home people, than
almost any other civilized governments known to po
litical science. He attributes this obscurity to the
custom of establishing the State government not in
the metropolis of the State, but in a small provincial
town where people rarely go. The executive offices
are therefore hidden from the public. Then the Leg
islatures are restricted in all sorts of ways by State
constitutions, and in most States sit but once in two
years and then for a limited time.
Speaking of the effects of these conditions Mr.
Webb went on to say that although the American
States nominally deal with many of the most important
departments of government, such as education, fac
tory legislation, sanitation, the criminal code, the
police, and practically the whole law of property and
contracts, they are rapidly shrinking up and occupy
ing an ever-dwindling share of public interest. There
are, speaking broadly, no distinctively State politics.
The result is that the State Legislatures arc even less
under public control than Congress. State elections
are often hotly contested, but invariably as part of the
general Presidential campaign, never on local issues.
Under these circumstances results the most extensive
exhibition of legislative futility that the world has
yet seen. The forty odd State Legislatures "solemnly
go on grinding out new laws, but, except in one or
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1899,
two States, these are so badly drafted and so chaotic
that even if they are not declared void the first time
they come before the courts they are for the most
part not enforced.
While objections might be urged to some of the
points of that arraignment, the justice of it generally
cannot be denied. Despite the great importance of
the subjects of legislation reserved for them to deal
with, it is unquestionably true our State Legislatures
come very near deserving the reproach of being
"the most extensive exhibition of legislative futility
the world has yet seen."
It is of course to be regretted that such should be
the case, fory "notwithstanding the restrictions placed
upon them, jt is within the power of these legislative
bodies to be of vast usefulness in promoting the wel
fare of the commonwealths they serve. Mr. Webb
is in error when he attributes tjhe futility of the Legis
lature in any great degree to the fact that State gov
ernments are established in small towns. Thetruecause
of the evil is the quality of men who serve in the
Legislature. Whenever the American people develop
such a true loyalty that the best citizens will be will
ing to serve the State in the Legislature, then the age
of futility in State governments will pass away and a
new era of activity and usefulness begin.
OUR BOYS IN THE PHILIPPINES.
WAR in the Philippines is no longer what it was
in the early days of the contest with Spain.
We have no longer a nation great in history
for a foe, and there is no chance for another thrilling
and spectacular victory like that which Dewey won
in Manila harbor. The romance and the glory of
the contest are over, and we have now reached that
stage of war where there is nothing but weary
marches, daily fighting with an ambushed or flying
foe, and a continuous exposure to conditions that
breed disease and threaten death.
Just for the reason that there is no longer any
glory in the war, the campaign which Otis is now
waging is a far more trying test of the stuff our sol
diers are made of than was that splendid feat of naval
arms that destroyed the Spanish fleet in the Orient
and aroused the nations to a recognition of the fact
that the United States have become a world power
indeed — one to be reckoned with in all questions of
supremacy at sea, having not only great ships and
great guns, but the courage and skill required to use
them with efficiency in battle.
The men who are driving the followers of Aguin
aldo from the jungles and the marshes of the island
of Luzon are fighting under the most adverse con
ditions. The Filipino is as savage as the American
Indian, and even more cunning. If he were anything
like a good marksman he would in his rice fields and
canebrakes be one of the most formidable barbarians
in the world. It is, therefore, no easy task that our
boys have before them. It is going to be more diffi
cult to whip the Filipino than the Spaniard, and
there will be no glory in it when done.
The campaign against Aguinaldo has been con
ducted with untiring energy and with conspicuous
valor. The natives have been taught the difference
between Americans and Spaniards, and the effect of
the lesson cannot fail to be wholesome. There has
been no halt in the swift pursuit of the flying enemy.
The end cannot be far off. Before the rainy season
sets in the island of Luzon or at least all the culti
vated districts will probably be cleared of the armed
bands of Aguinaldo who have been levying tribute
on the inhabitants and rendering industry well nigh
impossible.
The country can watch with pride the manner in
which her volunteers are bearing themselves under
the tropical sun and the harassing burdens of this
wretched war. They are showing not only valor on
the field of battle, but a steady discipline in the camp
and on the march, which proves them to be worthy
of the best traditions of the armies of the republic.
The whole course of the Philippine campaign could
indeed be regarded with national pride and satisfaction
were it not that it entails a sacrifice of brave men for
the sake of a victory that will be worth nothing to
this or to any other generation.
ANTI-NEWSPAPER LEGISLATION.
THE Evening Post of this city — or rather the
Southern Pacific Company through the agency
of the Evening Post — has hastened to defend the
Southern Pacific Company against the accusation of
The Call that the railroad was the sponsor, agitator
and defender of the anti-newspaper legislation which
was adopted at the last session of the Legislature and
which was made operative by the signature of Gov
ernor Gage. The Post asks The Call to submit the
proofs of its accusation.
It seems like carrying coals to Newcastle to answer
the request, but if the Post is seeking information it
is referred to the author of its own editorial, which
denies railroad responsibility and insists upon the jus
tice of the anti-newspaper laws, and to the recent con
ference between William F. Herrin and C. P. Hun
tington. At that conference the campaign against
independent newspapers was planned. The editorial
request of the Post is one of the first skirmishes of
the Southern Pacific Company in the fight to silence
honest newspaper criticism.
It is understood that Colonel Schwartzkoppen and
Colonel Panizzardi have become involved in the
Dreyfus affair. In an exchange of civilities these
gentlemen might become embarrassed. In hostilities
they could hardly use anything more deadly than
their names. They might choke to death before they
could fight.
Governor Gage's statement in a recent interview,
"I have tried to free myself from the cares of state
and to prepare myself for the future labor my office
imposes," raises a question as to what are the duties
of his office for which he can prepare himself by free
ing his mind from the cares of state.
George J. Denis, whom Governor Gage will ap
point a Code Commissioner, says, with some em
phasis, that he is not a lackey of the people of Cali
fornia. If the gentleman continues hi this lofty strain
he may find that his name is Mud and not Denis.
The story that Kaiser William intends to raise his
brother, Prince Henry, to the rank of King and be
stow the Chinese province of Shantung upon him for
a kingdom is a good enough yarn for Oriental uses
probably, but it won't wash in this climate.
Should Secretary Wadham of the Eureka society
insist on arresting for vagrancy any more two-year
old infants like Baby Aubray it might be well to arm
the policemen with nursing-bottles instead of clubs.
John F. Carroll, Croker's lieutenant, testified the
other day before the Mazet committee that "what
Mr. Croker says goes." It's a pity that the boss
could not have put in a word for the Keely motor.
The women of Santa Clara County interested in
equal suffrage have expressed their disappointment
at Governor Gage. There are others.
IN FAVOR OF THE PANHANDLE.
To the Editor of the 'San Francisco
Call— Sir: Please permit me to answer a
letter recently published in your paper
in opposition to the extension of the park
panhandle. The letter was written by a
man who owns a house and lot on the
line of the projected improvement, to
which he is therefore opposed. He does
not want to move out of the way. He
takes a short view, consulting his own
interests. We want men in San Fran
cisco who are capable of taking broad
views and who desire to give to this
Western city as much beauty and com
fort as the hundreds of thousands of
Americans annually seek In Europe.
Paris, Vienna, Berlin and London have
within the last thirty years hewn down
solid blocks of buildings at an enormous
expense in order to beautify their cities
by making parks and boulevards. They
bring their parks by spacious avenues
into the very heart of these cities, and as
a result there is not only a happy and
contented population, but there are my
riads of visitors making- homes In .places
which consider the pleasant side of. life
and the happiness and health, as well as
the commerce and trade, of its people.
How many men of your acquaintance
do not go to the park because of the
difficulties of getting there? They want
to be able to drive or ride or bicycle or
walk from as near their homes and places
of business as possible.
Kncoui?aging the use of the park would
confer health upon the hard-workers of
the great city. The poor man will be
lured by the beautiful picture, trees and
lawns, to walk where he now rides.
Instead of "destruction of beautiful
property," according; to your correspond
ent, it will be the improvement and bet
terment of property, which has no great
value nor beauty, and which is used
but in part— large sections of it being un
occupied.
Instead of abandoned carhouses, rook
eries, and an occasional dwelling, mere
will be a public common for the benefit
and use of all. Your correspondent says
that the benefits will accrue, instead of to
the public, to "contractors and builders
and to their followers." There is much
truth in this. These people ■Rill derive
benefit, but who arc they? They are the
laborers and mechanics of San Fran
cisco — carpenters, plumbers, material
men, cabinet-makers, furniture-rnak'ers
and all employments and vocations hav
ing to do with the construction and fur
nishing of a house.
He shows his ignorance by saying that
another class who profit are those who
have the "handling of the Phebe Hearst
donation for beautifying the city." There
is no such fund. Mrs. Hearst is merely
going to provide a plan and the money
will afterward have to be raised. He
says it is only for "those who can afford
to drive out for pleasure." If this
gentleman goes to the park on a holiday
EDITORIAL VARIATIONS.
BY JOHN McNfIUGhT.
"With all of its ugliness and its hor
rors war remains the finest and most
effective of theaters for the display of
heroism. Under no other circumstances '
and with no other background do valor |
and fidelity show so brilliantly to the
imagination and appeal so thrillingly
to the sympathies of the heart. An in
cident of thp fight made by a small
force of American and British marines
against the Samoans who had en
trapped them in an ambuscade on April
1 strikingly illustrates the fact, and the
story merits as many repetitions as it
is likely to receive.
When Lieutenant Freeman of th>
royal navy was killed Lieutenant Lans
dale of the United States navy took
command, ami he in turn was soon
brought to the ground by a ball which
shattered his leg. The next to take
charge of the detachment was Lieu
tenant Cave, who, perceiving that his
men were exposed to a galling fire and
that the on» effective weapon of his
force, a Colt gun, was out of order and
could not be used, gave orders to re
treat. Five wounded men were carried
with the retreating troops, but Lans
dale was left on the field with Free
man, the supposition being that both
were dead. One man. Seaman Hunt of
the British ship Porpoise, did not re
treat with the others, but stayed v/|ih
Lansdale and defended the wounded
American until he himself was knocked
senseless by a blow on the head.
Hunt did not succeed in saving the
officer for whom he showed himself so
willing to give his life, but his action
was none the less meritorious because
it failed in its purpose. There is a
genuine heroism of the highest kind in
that seaman who stayed to face the
savages in an effort to save an officer
not of his navy, nor of his nation. The
scene of Hunt's struggle with the horde
of infuriated Samnans over the body of
Lansdale would make a good picture;
even as the right telling of it would
make a good poem. It is gratifying to
know that he escaped alive. It is also
gratifying to remember he serves a na
tion that never fails to reward such
service as he has rendered. His chance
of getting the coveted Victoria cross
and a pension is so good that many an
officer in her Majesty's fleet would be
glad to change places with him "when
the Porpoise goes home to report to the
'"Widow of Windsor."
If this were a campaign year, when
political thrusts are justifiable in the
daily intercourse of life, the recent Jef
fersonian banquets would afford much
amusement to the public, since in the
wide chasm between the Jeffersonian
ism of the New York feast and that of
the Milwaukee frugal repast there is
scope and opportunity for many a ver
bal stab that would reach our Demo
cratic friends in the short ribs and
make them writhe. This, however, is
a season of political peace. The toma
hawk is buried and the scalping knife
sheathed. Throughout the polite world
there is a desire to say the pleasant
word to such Democrats as are met in
good company and to talk of these
banquet dissensions as if they were not
dissensions but modes of harmony.
Such being the case it is worth while
to direct attention to a precedent
which, if followed, will enable any one
to talk politics to Democrats without
being offensive to either faction.
When Artemus Ward went to Boston
to see the sights some of his warm
hearted hosts took him to a certain
venerable-looking old house and as
sured him it was the birthplace of Ben
jamin Franklin. Next day another set
of entertainers, equally warm-hearted,
showed him a building in quite a dif
ferent part of the city and with posi
tiveness asserted that to be Franklin's
birthplace. Having thus been made
aware of the civil war in Boston on
tfcat subject the genial humorist did
not take side with either party; neither
did he offend both by declaring the
place 6*f Franklin's birth to be in doubt.
or Sunday he will see from the class of
vehicles that it is the middle classes and
not the rich who drive out for pleasure,
and that everybody and all classes ousrnt
to be encouraged to drive out for pleasure,
which not only gives them health but
gives- employment to carriage makers,
horse raisers, stable men, blacksmiths
and all kindred employments. He says it
will take nine millions of dolalrs. The
answer to that is that it is assessed for a
million and a half, and that recent sale 3
indicate its value to be about three mil-
Hon and a half, and four millions would
be a liberal price in which the city would
get the worst of the bargain. Your corre
spondent seems to be purely selfish, and
protests against the "worry, trouble, ex
pense, wear and tear, time and break
age" of moving across the street. Private
convenience must give way to public
rights and benefits. The future of San
Francisco must not be side-tracked be
cause it is too much trouble for your cor
respondent to move out of the way. It is
the Fame kind of a man that for many
years stopped the opening of Van Ness
avenue to the bay; but the public rights
then triumphed and he was. compelled to
move after making himself a conspicuous
nuisance in the community. If San Fran
cisco issued its indebtedness for $54,000,000,
which is the limit, it would be in the
same position as several California towns.
It is only asked now to spend five or ten
millions for park extension, necessary
schools, outfall sewer and the City and
County Hospital. Next year, under the
charter, we will want another issue of
bonds for public utilities. The latter pay
for themselves and are not a burden. The
other things are an expense; but now is
the time to get to work. This land can be
acquired now, and the city is wining *o
pay a fair price for It. This is the city's
opportunity, but it is also the property
owner's opportunity for this reason— that
the park panhandle extension between
Fell and Oak streets, once having been
projected, will never down. If it is de
feated this year it may prevail next year;
but in the meantime nobody will buy this
land. The future of the park requires
for its completion and perfection this, ex
tension to Van Ness avenue and Market
street. The property owners must sell to
the city, and they had better make ready
to move where there is such an abun
dance of unoccupied land north and south
of the park. The movement of this popu
lation (there being over two hundred in
dividual owners of land) will make a stir
in the building trades, giving employ
ment to labor, open up outlying territory,
and give the city, as the Art Association
has expressed it, a "worthy approach and
entrance" to the greatest park in the world,
now accessible only by back streets,
around corners, amid dingy surroundings,
and over bad roads, slippery in winter
and corduroy in summer. Respectfully,
FRANK J. FALLON.
He frankly accepted both statements
as correct, and in writing of Boston
said: "Benjamin Franklin was a twins,
having been born in Boston in tyro dif
ferent houses, simultaneously at the
same time."
It will not be too much of a strain
to follow that precedent and humor
Democratic friends by conceding the
validity of the claims of both Jefferson
banquets on the ground that Thomas
Jefferson was a twins, having pro
claimed and supported two opposing
platforms of political principles "sim
ultaneously at the same time."
A short time ago "W. C. Morrow,
doubtless encouraged by the favor with
which his literary work has been re
ceived in the East and in London, de
termined to put his talents and his
fortunes to the supreme test; to cut
loose from the occupation in which he
has been engaged and to devote him
self to the production of literature;
making it not the mere avocation' of
his leisure hours, as in the «f>ast, but
his vocation in life— the business that
is to engage his working days and have
the service of all his energies. It has
since been announced that Ambrose
Bierce has determined upon the same
course, and It is to be hoped the re
port is correct. In the noises of busi
ness and politics and the flutter caused
by the miserable wars in the Philip
pines and in Samoa, the actions of
these two quiet literary men will be
almost unnoted, and yet such is the
value of literature it is probable that
foreign nations and future generations
will give more attention to this change
in the nature of their work than to any
other event of the year in California,
Up to this time America has pro
duced but two literary men possessing
sufficient creative power to bring- forth
work having the quality of a primal
element— something not built up out of
existing material, but created, as it
were, from the infinite itself and fash
ioned into form by the divinity of orig
inal genius. One of these men, Haw
thorne, was of New England; the other,
Poe, was of the South. Their environ
ments were diverse and the processions
of their lives were in no respect alike;
yet each turned away from the com
monplaces of outward existence to
study the things that are hidden. Each
in his own way revealed the abysses
in which the soul lives and depicted
the grisly terrors and phantoms that
haunt it and fight it there. Their in
fluence has been more profoundly felt
abroad than at home. At the present
time there are but two men in America
who, while not in any respect imitators
carry on the work of Hawthorne and
Poe, and develop still further that liter
ature of the unfathomable abyss which
is originally and distinctively Ameri
can. These are the writers who have
now determined to give themselves
seriously to literary work-Mr. Morrow
and Mr. Bierce. Each has already pro
duced genuine literature of such excel
lence that his new departure can hard
ly be regarded as an adventure. They
but set Bail to the mysterious isles
where they have often voyaged before
The only difference is they now pro
pose to settle there, and the well
plowed fields of journalism are to
know them no more.
W hile I have a genuine admiration
for the genius and the exquisite literary
skill of Hawthorne and of Poe, and also
for the same qualities in the -work of
Mr. Morrow and Mr. Bierce, and some
times indulge the belief that I can ap
preciate them at something near their
true value in the world of letters I
have never had a full sympathy with
their work. I have never been addicted
to the weird. I have never had nor
desired, that penetrating insight which
sees quite through the flesh that rovers
mortality and discerns the skeleton
within. I prefer humanity with the
flesh on and the skin over it. and the
rosier the complexion the better I like
it. Nevertheless whatever may be in
dividual tastes all Californians must
feel something of gratification in the
report that two such artistic writers
are going to make the Production of
high literature the serious work of their
lives. __
When all is said and done nothing
else produced by a community is of
such permanent and precious va.ue as
its literature. It is full time California
were adding more to the world s stock
of this pure gold of the intellect. The
degradation of the American magazine
to advertising has closed that avenue
which was once open to the advance of
true literary workers, and the only way
now for the writer who has an artistic
conscience is to turn to the practice of
the old Grub-street days— get himself
to a garret, live on a crust, write dooks
and appeal from the publisher to the
big public. Mr. Morrow and Mr. Bierce
have chosen well and a wide constitu
ency will wait with impatience the
forthcoming of the first fruits of the
new labors of each.
Chinatown is not only corrupt itself
but the cause of corruption in others.
It is something like a municipal vermi
form .appendix, and it might be worth
while to subject the city to a surgical
operation and cut it out. For the whole
week the Examiner has been reiterat
ing the charge "that the sum of not
than $2500 is raised weekly in
Chinatown for the purpose of bribing
the police department to permit the
carrying: on of gambling games and
lotteries." The display of knowledge
of this secret corruption should not
subject our contemporary to unworthy
suspicions of sharing the spoils, for the
very intensity of its language is proof
that it is getting none. Whila the cor
ruption fund is generally known as
hush money, it does anything but hush.
It has been squealing for we?ks like a
baby at the dead of night— is deaf to
lullabies and won't take soothing
eyrup.
In all this racket my sympathies ar*»
with the police — with both factions of
the police— and with any individuals of
the police who may belong to neither
faction and cherish a desire to run both
of them in. In a community so admin
istered as this, what can the police do
to suppress iniquity and fill the city
with sweetness and light? With judges
on the bench who make a jest of law
and turn test cases into comic operas;
with Police Commissioners who if they
do not violate the law are at least re
puted to do so and are certainly not
much above their reputations; and with
angry journals hunting for the n
of depravity in Chinatown and over
looking the haystack of vice all aroun 1
it— there is hardly anything of genuine
virtue the police could do short of
clubbing everything in sight of the
City Hall and arresting all who protest.
The cause of the fire which burned
the "palatial cottage" of Idle Hour,
where the high contracting parties of
the Vanderbilt-Fair alliance were
spending their honeymoon is reported
to be a mystery. There are some who
think it started by an incendiary burg
lar, and there are some who regard it
as the result of a defect in the heating
apparatus. There is another theory
worth consideration — the building may
have been fired by the happy pair
themselves. It is fairly reasonable to
suppose that a rapturous couple, hav
ing dazzled the world by a display *>f
a million dollar's worth of ostentatious
wedding presents, may have thought it
appropriate to cap the climax by ap
plying the torch to the honeymoon hall
and showing the Astors that the Vaja
derbilts have palaces to burn.
Before public interest in the grand
wedding passes away and is lost from
memory along with the vanishing
smoke from the ruins of Idle Hour, it
is worth noting that while the pregs
gave so much of its energies and its
space for weeks to the gorgeous event
it overlooked one important thing — a
thing so very interesting indeed that its
omission from the pictures of the vari
ous features of the scene can he ac
counted for only upon th<* supposition
that every newspaper in New York Is
guided and managed by a journalistic
paresis club. It was stated that Mrs.
O. H. P. Belmont presented the bride
with a quantity of gold plate blazoned
with the Vanderbilt arms, and yet not
a single journal, yellow or legitimate,
published a picture of the arms to
satisfy the eyes of a gazing world.
There will be more Vanderbilt cere
monies in the future and it is to b<*
hoped that omission will never occur
again.
It Is not easy to understand the mo
tives that have prompted either the
actions or the talk of Governor Gage
of late, for the workings of a mind
like his can be discerned clearly only
by those who are practiced in micro
scopic examination. I think, however,
he was aiming at economy and desired
to impress upon the commission ap
pointed to erect an executive mansion
at Sacramento that it need not go to
great expense for him. If so he was
successful. From the record as made
up, it appears that to provide an ample
home for Gage the commission will
have only to bore a gimlet hole In the
first convenient post, put a roof over
it and tell his executive excellency to
move in.
AN"TVEE,S TO CORRESPONDENTS.
AN EIGHT-HORSE TEAM-S., City. In
an eight-horse team there are first" the
wheelers, then the pointers, ihen tiie
swingers and then the leaders.
TH,E CENTENNIAI^-F. W. A.. City
Tho transport Centennial, which sailed
from this port for Manila February 6
current year, carried mall to that point.'
NOT SO RARE-R. H., Flagstaff. Ariz
A half dollar of 1824 is not such a rare
coin as to command a premium: Such
can be procured from dealers for 90 cents.
DAVID COPPERFIELD— F. W \
City. "David Copperfield" is generally
considered by far the greatest! con^-
Quently the beSt of the WOrks of Char
■ TX THE TWENTY-SECOND-0., Gole
ta, Cal. To ascertain if a man enlisted
in the Twenty-second Infantry Reorient
inquiry should be made by letter to the
War Department at AVashingion, D C
THEIR POLITICS-A. S.. City. Schtey.
Miles and Dewey have not made hbuse
u? P »F rOCl n matl °I ls of tlieI ' Politics, b-it it
is generally .understood that Schlev Is i
&ss&£* that Mlles a »a&ar«
CaL elace fruit 50c p r It. at Townsend'B.*
Special Information supplied claHy to
Preis Mir,n?n US 3 > and publlc men by th.
ro^f-ri' ? pln ? B^ reau -(Allen's). 510 Mont-
CQfnery street. Telephone Main 1043. •
The lawyers than the doctors
Do render larger bills.
kince few are heirs to property.
\\hlle all are heirs to ills.
—Detroit Journal.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED,
Sante Fe Route.
Three time* v week: 3hi days to Chicago, 4H
days to New York. Handsomest train and moat
complete service. Full particulars at 628 Mar
ket street. - ' _. •, •;-..THE PRIMARY
ELECTION WILL
BE EXPENSIVE
The Registrar Makes
an Estimate.
DATES AND OTHER DATA
INFORMATION REGARDING THE I
NEW LAW. :
I
Proposed Consolidation of Voting
Precincts Will Simplify the
Collection of Election
Returns.
Registrar Biggy has, at the request of '
the Board of Supervisors, prepared an es
timate of the cost to the city of holding
the coming primary election as required
by th( new State law. Many of the Items
Included In the list of necessary expen
ditures may be properly charged to the
municipal election that will follow the
holding of the primary, for the reason
that tl c stationery and the clerical force
necessary to conduct registration will at
the Fame time serve a similar purpose
for the munici] election. The list as
prepared by the Registrar is as follows:
Advertising $-iO
Huggy hire, c.ir fai etc "5
Candles 12
Delivery and return of election supplies.. 150 \
Postage - 50
Surveying: 100-foot radius 106
Official ballot paper 75
ExpreFsago on official ballot | aper ;>
Printing official ballots 7:.
Kent polling: place? 1.060
Fitting up polling places with voting m
partments, tables, guards, rails, etc .215
Furnirhlnp polling places with lamps,
chatrs and curtains for voting compart- _
monl? *'i
Printing blanks, etc  . 150
Printing, ruling and binding tally lists 50
Printing, ruling and binding supplemental
registers 10-1
Stationery • 150
$3,000
Assistant eierks will be employed con
junctively making all necessary prepara
tions for the primary and municipal elec
tions 3.00 A
Grand total $6,000
For the benefit of those who are not fa
miliar with th new law and who find
It difficult to ascertain its provisions as
to special methods of procedure the Reg
istrar has prepared what ho calls a "pri
mary election calendar." It is given here
with:
USTRATION OF VOTERS.
Section 1376 — June 1, registration opens; July
JSOLIDATIOX OF PRECINCTS.
Section 1373— May 1, consolidate established
precincts; not more than three in one.
PETITIONS TO PARTICIPATE IN PRIM
ARY.
Section 1370— Time of rilinp, July S; last day
to file petitions. All parties which polled 3
j.«*r cent of the vote In the city and county
at the last general election may participate.
ELECTION OFFICI
Section -July 14, appoint primary elec
tion officers.
Section 136S — No. — . one Inspector, two
Judges and three clerks for each precinct.
PUBLICATION OF NOTICE OF PRIMARY
ELECTION.
Section 1372 — July 24. commence publication;
publish three times (dally paper).
ELECTION SUPPLIES.
Section 136S — August 6. deliver supplies to
Inspector. ■
DAY OF ELECTION.
Tuesday, August S; polls open at 6 a. m.; ,
close 5 p. m.
ELECTION COMMISSIONERS.
Section 1369— Bust S. canvass the returns;
August 12, order credentials Issued.
DUTY OF THE KKGISTRAR.
August 14. must send list of all delegates.
to whom credentials have been Issued, to the
secretary of each political party participating
in th»* primary.
Voters who have not the time nor the
opportunity to study the new primary
law and who are ignorant of its provis
ions as to reg strati on and voting, may
fary knowledge by a care
ful perusal of the following letter of in
structions Issued yesterday by Registrar
Blggy;
Registrai for the primary election to
be held on Tuesday, August 8, 1599, is now*
I open at the ofiice of the Registrar of Vot
ers, and will continue to and including
July 12. 1599.
The following persons are entitled to reg-
Flrtt— All persons not registered at the
last general election, but who were en
titled utreto.
Eccrnd— All native male cltirens who have
arrived at age since the last general elec
ts m.
Third— All native male citizens not regis
tered who have secured a residence in the
State and county Eince the last general elec
tion.
Fourth — All foreign born citizens natural
ized within •■••-. days next preceding tha
last general election, and all foreign born
iltizens naturalized since the last general
ei»ct!on and prior to May 10, 1599.
Fifth — All electors who have changed their
residence from another county in this State
to this county since the last general elec
tion and prior to May 10, lh'j'J.
Sixth — All persons who were registered,
but moving out of their respective precincts
or otherwise have lost their right to vote.
All qualified electors who were registered
at the lafct ceneral election, or since that
tltne, and who will have continued to re
side within their respective' election pre
cincts, shaJl be entitled to vote without
additional registration.
A qualified elector Is a male citizen wN>
is or will • <• on the day of election twenty
one years of age: who shall have t>een a
resident of, t»*e State one year next pre
e«d:ng the election, and of the county o*
which he claims his vote ninety days, and
lr, t>>e election precinct thirty days. If a
naturalized" citizen he must in addition
to the regotng provisions have been nat
uralized at if-ast ninety dajs ; r:.»r to the
day of the tlon.
l!v oraer oi the Board of Election Com
missioners. W. J. BIOOY,
Registrar of Voters.
' P'Kamold" book leathers for binding; war
• - fold lettering; see these.
Ban Francisco. •
OARSMEN AT OUTS.
Convention of Rowing 1 Clubs Will
Meet Next Tuesday.
I of among the oars
ventlon of delegates
b, to De heiu in Jus
. rtroom on
a next. The situation Is
thus: The Pioneers and Olympics
Sates; the Tritons :it the
■f their . ■.£ had not re
■ ;■ asking the club to ap
conventlon, and
ori unity now of ap
i John
J McGinnla and W. Howe; and
■ cted a !'. Etotb
■'• ■>■ Sulln Catch. The
B .1. Pembroke, H. W.
W. B. Hlnchman: and th>- rep-
Ends will !).• A.
and .1- D The
. Rowing Club in*.] the Moating
' the University of California
will . no i
The Ariel and Dolphin delegates
will Btand by the Pacific Association, and
■ it a End delegates will
■ • the i>. a. A. aim forming
a ruwinK b each club
will I
thus preventing
r two Hubs from controlling tiie
affair.-- of the ad
AJameda oarsmen say that, whether
a i iwlng i formed o
' ' A. A. At
n Tuesday
■.■ : •!■ membership
.-.;. and the question of lncor
rig was discussed.
(Sunday, April IS) an out
■ ••' race will take place over the
■ lub's course b
Baker and Lester Hammersmith. Next
month the Dolphin and Olympic oarsmen
ntiy give a regatta at Tiburon, at
tht-re will bf> Junior and j-r-ninr
Large races, a Junior skiff race, canoe
race, water polo, Whitehall race, tug-of
war in whitehalls, and an exhibition race
between A. \V. Pape and W. O. Patch.
A W. Pape has given Al Rogers, the Ala
meda builder, an order for a shell.
URBAN FIELD DAY.
Young Students Race and Jump in
Their Annual Contests.
The Btudents of the Urban Academy
Bported on the cinder track and field at
ub outdoor grounds Fri
day afternoon in their first annual in
terclass field day. There were eight
events, five points for first place, three
for second and one for third. The senior
class won the championship by a large
gin.
The results are as follows:
XX) yard race— Saxe lirst, Clayburgh sec
ond, Esberg third. Time. 112-5 seconds.
220 yard race— Saxe first, Clayburgh sec
ond. Esberg third. Time. 2G seconds.
440 yard race— Saxe first, Clayburgh sec
ond. Roos third. Time. 56 seconds.
BSO yard race— Levin tirst. Saxe second,
Clayburgh third. Time. 2 mm. 17 sec.
One mile race— Levin tlrst, Koos second.
Time, 5 mm. 40 sec.
12-pound shot put— Roos first, Clay
burgh second. Esberg third. Distance, 35
feet.
High jump— Esberg first, 5 feet; Brown
second, Clayburgh third.
Broad jump— Brown, IS feet; Coleman
second, Clayburgh third.
AL NEILL IS CONFIDENT.
Declares That He Will Make a Win
ning Fight With Tommy Tracey.
Al Nciil. who is working hard at Blan
ken's Six-Mile House preparing for his
j coming contest with Tommy Tracey be
:tie 'Western Boxing Club on April
25, was in the city yesterday afternoon
for a few hours. Neill looked in excellent
shape and is very confident that he Will
' t.-'ko the measure of his Australian opp-v
| nent nn tho night of the fight.
In discussing the coming bout the young
• • r sriid:
"I have not had the cxperiencs that
Tom Tracey has. and some of my friends
think I made a mistake in taking him on.
Bui I'm quite confident that 1 will not
disappoint those of my friends who think
1 will defeat Tracey. I know what 1 can
do and thai Is more than cnougrrto make
"The weight is I4fi pounds, and that la a
trifle under what I weigh now, hut I'm
so close to it that there won't 1
trouble In getting down to that figure by
■ ■ fight."
His Holiness Pope Leo XIII as He
LivoH roTJ.I7.
A marvelous achievement wns the tak
atives of the Holy Father
Vatican recently by the American
raph Company, of course with the
venerable Pontiffs consent and keen co
operai rful biograph de
picte ise of "the taking" in
- moving pictures true to
Among other I
tainn. . Monday evening, the
17th, at Metropolitan Temple, and con
tinuing Cternoon and evening, are
: Cardinal
- , Mary's, pro"ci > rm.'
nian and Capuchin monk- of the
Vatic
tin return
t scenes (Comprising
• ol the coronation cere
monii en Wilhelmina of Holland.
Except onally fine vocal and instru
menal music will be an added feature of
;■;• . xhibition. •
Odd Fellows' Jubilee.
At a meeting of the executive committee
of the golden jubilee of ( ndent
< irder of 0 rs, held last ev<
lent Jones In the chair, consldi
work was accomplished In the matter of
arranging details for the coming celebra
tion. From the Interest manifested by
the members of the cojnmittee it is evi
dent that the affair win be a grand
cess. Cosmopolitan Lodge pledged $100 to
lebration fund.
committee decided that al! contri
butions from lodges to the celebration
fund, as well as communications relative
to the jubilee, must be sent to the Becre
tary of the committee, and that Individual
contributions may be paid to members of
the contribution committee.
The committee is arranging for a hand
some souvenir badge.
La Estrella at Home.
La Estrella Parlor, Native Daughters
of the Golden West, will give an " at
home" to Its many friends In the banquet
hall of the Native Sons' building on the
evening of next Thursday. In the past
the "at homes" of the parlor have always
been most enjoyable, and the committee
announces that this one will not be an
exception to the rule of the star parlor
of the order.
« ■» «
Fine old violins at Alauvais', 769 Mar
ket street. •
«♦ ■ .
Wants a Divorce.
Birdie Price has sued her husband, A.
G. Price, for a divorce, alleging infidelity
as a cause of action.
. ♦ .
If your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. . Murphy, 630 Market. •
t
Two Happy Men Testify to the Grand 2^^J^^^^
Results Received From Dr. • y^^^9BJP^W<^i^B
Sanden's Electric Belt. 9&-9T jjjJß
There is nothing so penetrating, nothing so Invigorating, nothing that will relieve weakness and pain as speedily VfftjW^^Sg^ls^l^^fi!
and surely as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. It is simple, but grand. It assists nature by a general reinforcement of (C^R^ n Y/MCIC^-^^^^^^Sm^Sm WA
the vital energy, by infusing a mild, invigorating current of Electricity into the nerves and by supplying the system i^isa^<^^^^^^eS>i Tff {%»;[ KJ^L,i»^Fu^miS>S^Sm, 8 BCSigIIHI
with the essence of nerve vigor and nerve strength. . """^^^^aXiiSE^tSij^/MiK^
The greatest iii<n in the world of medicine and science say "ELECTRICITY IS LIFE." It is the strength, the "--^^O^^^^Si^/^^T \S^S.^^^3»«« llfjl 1
vigor and, in fact, the very life in the body, and Dr. McLaughlin's success in making use of its live-giving power Js*"^^J3%/ ii\M\ im)fflk*>3sr^\^>'l > IV fflKJJBBBJfffll jjjjr
proves it* merit. With his Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt he has cured 10,000 weak men during the last five years— men g^ t^^ST^^^^^^M^WM^^Y'l^f'^ P\ W to* ". WMf^t 'In ill
who had been troubled with general debility, wasting weakness— men who had been able to get no benefit from *= ! -''^^^^^^^9V^^^V7 : ; \\V \ ' SrSlHtliilT ' InF*
drugs. Many of these cases were pronounced incurable by doctors who had failed, to cure them. But they have d >^^?' l £-<jty's t/W/U/iwS^. ' r v \ ffll^ilfl itfl wl
been cured. and they stand ready to testify to it. There must be merit in a system of treatment that cau show •—■"«*• v^^__^^//|U(^M» I, v \ JjrMfWiW ' W
CURED OF VARICOCELE AND WEAKNESS. RHEUMATISM AND HEART TROUBLE CURED.
BAN FRANCISCO. 4, 14. '99. EVERGREEN, Cal., 4, 12, 1899.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, . ■
Dear Sir: Since using: your Belt I have had excellent health. All my troubles have dls- Dear Sir: Your Belt has cured me of rheumatism and heart trouble, with which I have
appeared, and I feel twenty years younger, and look it, too. I was for years a sad wreck been troubled for the last ten years. Every sign of the pain and weakness has been removed
berore using: your Electric Belt. I suffered so from rheumatism, varicocele." insomnia and and has not appeared since I quit wearing the Belt, and I am sure the cure is permanent.
other troubles that I was on the verge of collapse. Now, thanks to your Electric Belt, I am I had doctored and drugged for ten years, and your Belt is the only thing that would reach
able to throw care to the winds and enjoy life once more. Doctor, I will cheerfully rec- my trouble. It had the strength, for I could feel it In every part of my body. I consider It
ommend your Belt to any one seeking my opinion, and you may use my testimonial In any a grand remedy, and will not fail to express my opinion whenever the opportunity presents
form that may benefit suffering humanity. Yours most gratefully. Itself. Thanking you for the interest you have taken in my case, I remain, sincerely yours,
JAMES F. MacCASKIE, 563 Mission St. , H. M. WELD.
r?WE3I Don't Bo Weak !
Bl^y^al Send for This Belt!
r* f ?^\ S>^t hA_j Si? - r^ JL ■JL JL ■** JL -fiL la. M. JL W1. 7. ™ r^* -^' Ja. - Bi^ O
m itimM It Will Save You Years of Paln and Misery. ,
*mW nL*^ i^w^wi You can be a strong-er man than you are. You should be stronger. You should have more confidence in yourself. Steel your nerves with this
Bf fi£*a vi&i «^^^^ffi?"' electric current. Feel its warming glow as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt saturates your body with it. It has made hundreds of vigorous men out of as
mwm Yfmf /\jTv\ tJBB&BKBmmm many weak, despondent fellows. It will cure you if you will try it. •
BL- Qf)Wrj'¥& /v^w^^JvH" 13 ?** If you have Rheumatism, Lame Back, Sciatica, Lumbago or weakness in the nerves or vital organs, you ought to consult Dr. McLaughlin. He
HBjk^ \:JJ&y JSHSHH will tell you %vriOtnPr his Belt will cure you and give you his advice free. Call' and test the powerful current this wonderful Belt gives and see how
isj*&«^jSr>. >€'J» - fSI easily it is regulated. Don't be ignoiant of a remedy which may correct all your past mistakes and assure your future happiness. If you cannot
'^A^!^^^^**>i^^.vM^^^,^Mo^4^- call send for Dr. McLaughlin's famous book, "Three Classes of Men." devoted to the weakness of men; tells the cause of early decay in young and
y^^n^^^^^^^JisS^^^n^f^^^^^ middle-aged men. It shows how Electricity, properly applied, will restore this power and gives the proof. Send for it to-day. It is free. A call pre-
HHSBbBBBHBhGHBHHHHH^V ferred. ''all or address, ,
DR M A MpLATIfiHLTN 702 < Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco seivd for my book,
-L/ 11. 111. /v»- lUlliiiUUnLiin, V or 204 South Broadway> Los Angeles. "three classes of men,"
Office Honrs— B A. M. to Bi3o P. M. Sundays 10 to I. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. it IS MAILED FREE,
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1899.
UNCLE SADLY
TOOK THE ALLEY
ROUTE HOME
His Men Defeated by
Watsonville.
BEATEN OUT BY ONE RUN
A GREAT CONTEST OUT AT REC
REATION PARK.
League Babies Show Themselves to
Be Exceptionally Good in a
Cake-Walk Around
the Bases.
Uncle Hank came back from Watson
ville last Monday, wearing: his hat on the
back of his head in consequence of hav
ing taken two games from the league
babies, and received the plaudits of an
admiring populace with that indifferent
hauteur so befitting a conquering hero,
barely deigning to remark that the locals
would "make more monkeys" of the su
gar crushers when they came here this
week.
Well, Watsonville's contingent came,
and after the game yesterday your uncle
crawled through a knot-hole in the fence
surrounding Recreation Park, and with
his hat jammed well down over his eyes
sadly made his way down town by way
of convenient back alleys, thereby avoid
ing his friends nnd painful explanations.
But uncle ought not to take defeat too
much at heart, especially such a defeat
as yesterday's, for it was a veritable
whirlwind from start to finish, with nice
clean hitting, Bel ding that bordered on
the sensational and few errors, the ones
. being inexpensive, with the cx
i of one in the ninth by Lawler,
which let in Frisco's la,st run and came
near tying the score. Watsonville's hits
portunely, and that tells
the whole story.
Managi r Struve has herded up a rat
tling good ball team and one that is go
flgure prominently in the ilnal set
tlement ol the championship, unless over
taken by accident during the season, in
Harper and Whelan he has a brace of
pitchers who ara able to cause the best
:• ;i i iuch menral distress. Whe
lan was in the box yesterday and cut
loose a choice assortment of curves. With
r and mere practice he
will Bettle down Into a gait that will
him among the top-notcbers, be
sides holding down' the averages of am
bitious batsmen. Morrow, at the recelv
'l. is a thoroughly, reliable catcher,
and gets a ball down to second with as
littlt- loss of time as could be expected.
The infield is well selected, and when
tiic membi me more accustomed
other and develop fast team
work, the ball will have to be lifted high
over their heads to get past them. Court-
In the outfield both made
remarkable plays, but Lawler was
rfctim of some hard luck. He failed
cept two of the four chances offered
him, but they were l>"th difficult, and
besides being on a strange diamond made
some difference with him.
J. Donahue, who has been trifling with
the league magnates beyond further en
durani to report for umpire duty
again yesterday, and Hughey Smith was
p; essed into service. Donahue will be
dropped at the next meeting of the direc
tors and Smith will probably be regularly
appointed. It. would be difficult to make a
r selection, for he is impartial, is
«• 'i of excellent judgment on balls
and strike?, and. better than all. is at all
times complete master of the situation, as
obstreperous players know to their finan
cial loss.
It looked at the outset yesterday as
though 'Frisco was going tn tear the cu
•r the sphere and win in a walk, for
■ lean triples in the initial
inning savors of plentj more to follow.
But the bombardment did not disconcert
Whelan in the least, and after that their
hits came singly. After Pyne had been
retired on a fly to Flake, Riley ripped out
a three-cushion shot into the far corner
of the fl< '. 1. Krug was assisted out at
first by McCarthy, Riley scoring on the
play. Then Sullivan duplicated Josh's
■ lilderbrandt was retired at first
by Franks and Sully died in his tracks.
Watsonville abstracted a brace of sin
gles in the second, but it was not until
following inning that they scored,
when two runs came in. Franks opened
with a single, stole second and scored on
McCarthy's double. Courtney flew to Sul
livan, McCarthy going to third on the out.
Selna worked a pass, stole second, and
just then Fireman Fitz sent in a wild
pitch that enabled McCarthy to score.
Plake struck out.
'Frisco evened up the score in the fifth,
O'Neil was hit on the elbow by a pitched
ball and stole second. Hartman hit a
grounder along the first-base line, over
took the ball and became tangled up with
it, the umpire very properly calling him
out. Fitzpatrick popped up a fly to Mc-
Carthy and Pyne smashed out a triple,
scoring O'Neil. Riley flew to Lawler.
Watsonville untied the score and won
the game in its half of the same inning.
Franks was given his base, McCarthy fol
lowing with a hit to Fitzpatrick. who made
a futile attempt to force Franks at sec
ond. Courtney s single scored Franks and
placed McCarthy on third, from where he
scored on Selna's fly to Sullivan. Plake
was given his base, but Morrow ended the
inning with a hot one to Fitz, who as
sisted him out at first.
"Frisco made several desperate attempts
to score, but it was not until the ninth
that it succeeded. Muller was given a
pass, but forced at second on O'Nell's hit
to Franks. Hartman singled to right, the
ball getting away from Lawler, and
O'Neil scored. Hartman going to third.
Fitz dropped the ball in front of the plate,
and Hartman foolishly attempted to score,
but was caught between bases and run
down by \Vhelan and Franks. Pyne was
assisted out at first by McCarthy and the
trouble ended with the following result:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pyne, o. f 5 0 10 2 0 0
niley, 3 b 4 110 0 10
Kruff. 8. s 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Hullivan, 1 b 4 0 3 19 2 0
Hllderbrandt, r. t... 3 0 0 ' 0 2 0 1
Muller, 1. f 3 0 0 110 0
O'Neil. 2 b 3 2 0 114 1
Hartmaji, c 4 0 1 0 « 2 0
Fitzpatrick. p 4 0 0 0 10 0
Totals 33 3 6 8 24 « 2
WATSONVILLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Frank*, S b J 2 1 1 1 1 1
McCarthy, s. a 8 2 2 0 2 3 1
Courtney, c. f 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
Belna 1 b 3 0 0 19 0 0
Plake. 2 b 3 0 0 0 4 4 0
Morrow, c 4 0 2 0 2 2 0
Hayes, 1. t 4 0 114 0 0
Lawler, r. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 2
Whelan, p 3 0 0 0 1 8 0
Totals 30 4 7 3 «26 18 4
•Hartman out. hit by batted ball.
KINS BY INNINGS.
San FranclsCo .*.... 1 0 0 0 10 0 0 I—3
HafP hits 2 0 0 1110 0 l-«
WatsonvlUe 0 0 2 12 0 0 0 •— 4
Base hits 0 2 2 0 1 0 1 1 •— 7
SUMMARY.
: Rrm? responsible for— Fitzpatrick, 4: TVhelan,
' 2 Three-base hits— Riley, Sullivan, Pyne. Two
base hit— McCarthy. Sacrifice hit—HlMer
brnndt. First base on errors— San Francisco, 3:
Y\'atsonvlllp, 1. First base on called balls— San
Francisco, 2; WatsonvillP. t. Left on bases—
j San Francisco. 6; Watsonville. 6. Struck out—
n>- Fltipatrick, 5. Hit by pitcher— O'N-il.
I">ouble play?— Hartman to Sullivan to Hart
man: Sullivan to O'Neil. Wild pitches—Fitz
ratrlrk 2. Time of game— l:3.'. Umpire— Hugh
I Smith. Official scorer— Stapleton.
Hardie Won the Game.
SAN JOSE, April 15.— "Clam Juice Lou"
Hardie was the star of the day in the ball
game to-day between Oakland and San
Jose, which the former won by a score of
2 to 1, his three-bagger in the second in
ning scoring Hammond, and was followed
by a score for himself.' Oakland played
an errorless game and clearly won on
merit. The attendance was good. Score:
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGucken, c. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
Kleiber. s. s 4 0 0 0 14 0
Anderson. 2 h 4 1116 2 1
Dalrymple. 1. t 3 0 10 2 10
> Hanlon, 1 b 3 0 0 0 7 0 0
Foley, r. f l 0 0 1 1 0 0
Eagan. 3 b 3 0 0 0 0 0 1
Andrews, p 3 0 0 0 13 o
Kent, c. 3 0 0 0 5 2 J>
TotaJs .... 27 1 2 2 24 12 2
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. 1 4 0 0 110.0
Schmeer. s. s S 0 10 3 4 0
| Lange. 3 b 3 0 0 0 3 E 0
Lee Hammond, 2b...l 1 0 0 0 2 0
i Borland. 1. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
! Hardie, r. f 3 13 0 2 n 0
Mosklman, lb 3 0 0 0 14 0 0
IJ. Shea, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
;D. Shea, c 3 0 0 0 3 2 0
Totals 26 2 4 1 27 15 0
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Jcse 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—l
Ba*e hits .....2 0 0 0 0 0 0 .0 o—2
Oakland 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—2
Base hits 0 110 10 10 0 —
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit— Hardie. Sacrifice hits—Bor
land Eagan. Double plays — Anderson to Klei
ber to Hanlon; Dalrymple to Anderson; J.
Shea to Schmeer to Moskiman. Left on bases
— San Jose 2, Oakland 2. Bases on balls — Off
Andrews 2, off Shea 3. Struck out— By An
drews 4. by Shea 4. Passed ball— Kent 1. Time
of game 1:10. Umpire— Jack O'Connell. Offi
cial scorer— Tony Gublotti.
Santa Cruz Defeats Sacramento.
SANTA CRUZ. April 15.— A large crowd
witnessed the game between Sacramento
and Santa Cruz to-day. Sacramento lost
through inability to solve Donald's curves
and the heavy batting of the Beachcomb
ers. Santa Cruz made five runs in the
first inning, which the visitors could not
overcome. Not until the eighth did they
have any chance of winning, when they
made five runs. The feature of the game
was Clark's home fun, being the second
he has made off Sacramento this season.
The score was as follows:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Peeples, 3 b o 0 1 0 0 1 1
Doyle, p 5 0 10 10 0
Stanley, c 4 0 1 1 4 2 1
Shanahan. 1 b 3 2 1 0 11 0 0
Stulz, 2 b 5 0 1 0 4 4 (i
Walker, 1. f 5 10 1110
Sheehan, s. s 3 2 0 0 1 2 1
Rice, r. f 5 110 10 1
Beckwith, c. 1 4 0 114 0 0
Totals 39 6 7 3 27 10 4
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams, 2 b 4 1 0 1 3 4 0
Donlin p 5 l 1 1 2 3 0
Devereaux, 3 b 4 2 1 1 2 1 1
Pace, c 4 2 3 1 10 1 0
Clark, lb 3 1 1 0 6 0 1
Strleb, 1. -t 4 1110 0 0
Cameron, c. 1 3 1 0 1 1 0 0
Arrelanes, a. a 4 110 3 0 2
Burge, r. f 3 l 1 2 0 0 0
Totals 34 10 9 8 27 9 4
RUNS BY INNINGS.
! Sacramento ...0 11000040—6
Base hits 2 20000030—7
Santa Cruz 5 0 1 1 *0 0 3 0 o— lo
. Base hits 6 0100011,0— 9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Doyle 4. Home runs —
Clark. Two-base hits— Pace, Strieb. Sacrifice
hits — Cameron, Arrelanes. First base on er
rors — Sacramento 3, Santa Cruz 1. First base
on called balls— Doyle 2. Donlin 5. Left on
bases— Sacramento 11, Santa Cruz 2. Struck
out— By Doyle 5, by Donlin 10. Hit by pitcher—
I Doyle, Clark, Cameron, Burge. Double plays—
Shanahan unassisted. Passed ball— Stanley.
! Wild pitch— Donlin. Time of game— Two
I hours and twenty minutes. Umpire— Rube
i Levy. Official Bcorer— Fleislg.
To-Day's Game.
Watsonville and San Francisco will
meet again at Recreation Park this af
ternoon, in what promises to be one of the
hottest games ever played here. The
teams are evenly matched in the field and
it promises to be a pitchers' battle from
start to finish. Ham Iberg will make his
season's debut on the local diamond for
the home team, while Harper will be in
the box for the visitors.
There has been a long and heated dis
pute among local fanatics over the rela
tive merits of the two men, and as this is
the first time they have opposed each oth
er with anywhere near even support there
will be a big crowd out to witness the
struggle. The makeup of the teams is as
follows:
San Francisco. Position. WatsonvlUe.
Ibergv Pitcher Harper
Hartman ORtrher Morrow
Sullivan First base Belna
O'Neill Second b:ise Plake
Rlley Third base Francks
XruK Sb irtstoj McCarthy
Muller Left Held Hayes
Pyne Center flf-ld Courtney
Hilderbrandt Right field Lawler
GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
Change of Management.
R. Robertson, who for the last five
years conducted Paraiso Springs, has
taken a long lease of the famous Gilroy
Hot Springs.
This is of the greatest advantage to
the latter place as it will mean com
petent management, a bountiful table
and the beautifying and brightening up
as well as modernizing and restoring
tii their previous popularity this old
time favorite resort.
With many natural attractions, its
unequaled hot spring's and mineral
waters, its picturesque location and
availability to San Francisco, combined
with Mr. Robertson's contemplated im
provements they cannot fail to become
popular. Rest, recreation, health,
amusement and a good time are as
sured every visitor to Gilroy Hot
Springs.
The Americus.
San Francisco Council of the Order of
Amerleus at its last held meeting- inau
gurated a system of entertainments to
follow routine work after each meeting,
commencing at it o'clock. There was a
piano recital by C. H. Leech, an interest
ing paper by ''harks J. King, selections
by the Americus quartet and an address
on "The Privilege of American Citizen
ship" by James Taylor Rogers.
Any Lump in a Woman's Breast Is
Cancer.
Dr. Chamley, at 25 Third street, has
just published a 120-page book on can
cers and tumors cured without knif^
or pain which he sends free. The book
contains about three hundred testi
monials from prominent people cured
in and around San Francisco. In this
book he says "no pay until cured," and
says "any lump in a woman's breast
is cancer." Cet the book, read it, and
then send it to some one with cancer.*
The Supreme Court Travels.
The Justices of the Supreme Court have
gone to Los Angeles to hold the April
term, which will last two weeks. On
M;iy 1 the court will reconvene in this
city for "motion day." The Justices will
then go to Sacramento, where they will
hold court for one week, beginning about
May 8.
IS STARVING AND
SICK UNTO DEATH
IN a stuffy little attic bedroom at. 359 Minna street Mrs. L. Ress lies sick
unto death. The woman is entirely destitute. She lacks food and she
lacks clothing, besides being in arrears for several months' rent of the
miserable little hole she calls home.
Mrs. Ress is suffering from a complication orf diseases, aggravated by
the want of proper care and nourishment. Her little 14-year-old daughter
is her only attendant. Dr. Dillon, who has his office at the corner of Fourth
and HaiTison streets, has kindly taken charge of the poor, sick woman and
is giving gratis not only his services but the necessary medicines.
During the past week Mrs. Ress and her little one have managed to live
on 60 cents that was donated by a tender hearted boy in the neighborhood.
Minna street is not the locality where moneyed people make their homes,
and the neighbors of the Resses find it all that they can do to provide for
their own immediate wants.
Mrs. Ress needs good nourishing food and the dainty tid-blts that are as
necessary as medicine for the sick. She needs bedclothlng and blankets,
clothes for herself and daughter and good substantial food for the child.
A woman in Mrs. Ress' condition has not much time to wait, and so the
many kind hearted ones who are going to attend to her case want to at
tend to it quickly.
PLAYED GOLF IN
A STIFF BREEZE
PRESIDIO TEAM NINE UP ON
YESTERDAY'S GAME.
Tie Between Oakland and San Fran
cisco Will Be Decided Next
Month at San Rafael or
Burlingame.
The second half of the home-and-home
match between teams of eight represent
ing the San Francisco and Oakland golf
clubs was played yesterday afternoon on
| the Presidio links and ended in a victory
! for the home eight by nine holes. The
Oakland team, however, being 2S up on
the first half of the match, which was
played on Saturday, April 8, on the Adams
Point links, and it having been agreed
that the scores of the two halves should
I be added together, Oakland won the sec
ond match with a score of 20 up. The San
Francisco club having won the first double
match, played at Oakland December 10,
and at the Presidio Decemer 17, of last
year, each club has won one double
match, and the total result is a tie. which
will be played off next month either at
Burlingame or on the links of the San
Rafael Golf Club.
The composition of both teams and the
rank of the players had undergone some
change since April 8, A. B. Williamson
and H. B. Goodwin taking the placos of
Dr. C. T. Hlbbetta and R. H. Gaylord In
the San Francisco eight, and W. P. John
son playing in the Oakland team Instead
of C. P. Hubbard. WMen the first pair of
opponents, E. R. Folger of Oakland and
1 S. L. Abbott Jr. of San Francisco drove
off from the first teeing ground a stiff
westerly breeze was blowing right across
the links, making straight driving a mat
ter of much difficulty and some luck. In
the first round the home team scored 11
boles, and the visitors 10, leaving San
I Francisco I up. In the second round the
! home team scored 11 against the visitors'
3, making San Francisco 8 up. In both
rounds San Francisco was 9 up. but as
Oakland was 2\* up on the previou
urday's play the entire watch ended In
favor df Oakland with a score of 20 up.
The visitors brought over their own cad
dies, who were smartly attired in bright
green caps and white sweaters with the
letters O. •:. C. In preen upon the breast.
The San Francisco men did not have the
full advantage yesterday of a home team
playing on its own links, for the new
course, holes and putting greens were
almost as strange to them as to the visi
tors. Several of the players employed
fore caddies to note the spot where the
ball stopped. Among the visitors R. A.
Cooke and J. C. McKee made good and
straight drives, and the latter played
some fine approach shots. A few visitors
were at the links, but hardly any except
the. players, scorers and caddies braved
the chill strong breeze which swept over
; the course. The score of each player in
I both rounds Is shown in the table:
Oakland
Golf Club.
r:
San Franc:
Golf Club.
>— ■ M I : -* , T3
» I & 55. °*
£l i f
Players. § 3 Players. § 3
<-. f f r
U: : :
E. R. Folger... 0 : 0| S. L. Abbott Jr. 1 3
G. Greenwood.. 0 0! H. D. Pillsbury.) 1 3
R. Fitzgerald.. 8 II H. Babcock 01 0
D F. Belden.. | 0 OilA. Williamson.. 1 3
J C. McKee...i 2! 0! H. B. Goodwin.. 0 0
J. A F01ger....! 0 l E. J. McCutchen 5 0
.V P. Johnson.! 0 OilC. Page I 01 2
R. A. Cooke...i 0 11 J. W. Byrne.... 3 0
i ~iol|| 1 11: 11
|...,13:i ± 1...J2S
Advances made on furniture and ptanns, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
Park Music To-Day.
The Golden Gate Park Band will play the
following music this afternoon:
Overture, "The North Star" Meyerbeer
"Selection from Popular Airs," with xylo
phone solo Braham
The celebrated Largo from "Xerxes" Handel
Scenes from "Mephlstophlles" Boito
Waltz, "Jolly Fellows" Volstedt
Overture, "La Forza del Destino" Verdi
Flute solo, "Carnival or Venice," with
variations Demersmana
Performed by A. Lombardo.
Selection, "The Serenade" Herbert
Descriptive Fantasia, "A Hunting Scene"..
Bucalossl
March, "When Dewey Comes Homo"
I.cc Johnson
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE OIL CURE.
(No Knife or Cutting) (No Burning Plasters)
FOR
CANCER
malignTnTdTseases.
MALIGNANT DISEASES.
THE PENETRATING, OILS
MI- SOOTHING, l|| L^l
1 IIJLi healing V/IL4U
DR. REYNOLDS' NEW DISCOVERY IN
the Oil Cure when all other remedied
! medicine. Thousands of "so-called" incurables
are living testimonials as evidence of che vir-
tue of the Oil Cure and these skilled physi-
cians. Their discovery consists in a therapy
of oils, which, if given rnally, applied or
Injected Into CANCERS, TUMORS. ULCERS,
ECZEMA, FISTULA, penetrates every diseased
cell and causes dissolution. • These oils do not
act as burning plaster, but specifically. It
can he readily appreciated by even the un-
skilled in medicine that any treatment cur-
! ing such serious conditions will very quickly
', heal non-malignant and less serious trouble,
riTBJIZr" PENETRATING, /-* B ■ £>
I Hr SOOTHING, QIILa^
fl. IIL* HEALING . KJZM^kXJ
. FOR
CATARRH DEAFNESS. Ulceratlon, Dls-
eases of Women, Piles, Old Sores, Fissures,
Rheumatism. Blood .and Skin Diseases.
What Doctors SayTbont the Oil Cure :
DR. J. L. HOLDEN, a physician of Zanes-
ville, Ohio, writes that the Oil Cure nas cured
many in that city and vicinity.
DR. J. H. SIME of Memphis, Term., says:
"Have seen quite a great number of cases of
cancers, tumors and malignant diseases cured
by the Oil Cure when all other remedies
failed."
DR. HARREL. Hot Springs. Ark., says:
; "Have tested the Oil Cure in chronic skin dis-
eases at this place "with perfect satisfaction."
DR. R. E. WOODARD, Little Rock, Ark.,
says: "Have observed the use of the Oil Cura
In this city and can state is an absolute speci-
fic In cancers, tumors and malignant dis-
eases."
DR. J. M. C. SMITH of Denton. In writing
to Dr. Reynolds, says: "The day I spent with
you at West Point, Miss., was the most valu-
able instruction of my life. Believe the Oil
Cure a true specific in maligmant diseases."
DR. W. REGISTER, 314% Main st., Mem-
phis, Term, says: "Have used the Oil Cure in
my practice, treating numbers of cancers,
tumors and malignant diseases, and have
never failed to effect a cure. It is a true
specific."
DR. J. A. MARTIN of Nashville. Term.
(who was cured of cancer), said: "What Dr.
Reynolds has done for suffering humanity
shows that the Oil Cure is a specific."
Writ-5 or call for our books and what min-
isters, doctors, lawyers ana hundreds of good
and reputable people say of the Oil Cure. We
solicit correspondence regarding your case.
Office hours, 10 to 6 and 7 to S.
/'AHflll T FRfc £at No. 8 Mason St.,
I.HNHI I I Reception Room No. 2
vl/iIJULi- The O!L CURE Doctors
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Address: THE OIL CURE, No. S Mason St.
(cor. Market and Mason sts.), San Francisco,
Cal.
HE LOVES TO LOOK
AT HIS LINEN
When we send it home snowy white
: and perfectly laundered. It does his
j heart good to contemplate it. Every
j one in San Francisco concedes us the
; palm for fine laundry work. We know
| what people want and we see that they
| get it — on time, too.
"No saw-edges."
The United Sfates Laundry. Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
i _
Bausch & Lomb-Zeiss
Stereo Binoculars,
The new and wonderful Field
Glasses, at retail and wholesale.
fIDTIPIAN^^ APPARATUS.
UHI A PHOTOGR^r^TiF,,; A
642 Market st, instruments
unDIR CMOMICLt BiniOiHU.
PH m — /5^ MAC'S infallible P1I»
a 9 hi m. ■ Cure! Cures all cases of
SLI Hi Urn m. blind, bleeding, itching,
H P Bp __^Qtk protruding piles. Cases of
H *L~ EL_ R.JS years' standing cured by
: ■ ■KB tarn w single 50c box.
A. McBOYLE&CO., Druggists,
50-4 Washington Street, San Francisco.
j,_ — . —
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
I CO. European plan. Hooms. 50c to $1 50 day;
$5 to $S week; $S to $30 month. Free baths; hot
! and cold water every room; fire grates la every
I room; elevator runs all n'.Kht.
i .
78
WAS THROWN ON
life BEAM ENDS
IN A CYCLONE
British Bark Zinita in
Hard Luck.
SAILS TORN FROM BOLTROPES
CABIN FLOODED AND EVERY
THING MOVABLF LOST.
Overdue Schooner Mary Bidwell Safe.
Collier Nero Loading for Guaji.
'£, ct Street Closed foi
Six Weeks.
The American bark Guy C. Goss and '
the British bark Zinita both made port!
captain of the former
I ■ h Indi and calm? :
duriiis his \nv,t:_-. ■! im Philadelphia, but
tnroujrh a cyclone th.v t
neither ca] rew will forget In a
hurry. The vessel was thrown on her
- ami for hours t!ic ■■ i
up to the main
;' the bolt ropes, the running
rable on i
■
led.
"We sailed from Antwerp on November
11 last," said .ptain Lawton yesterday.
"We had the usual kind of weather to
the Cape and then we caught it. On Feb
ruary 8, in latitude 5 south longitude S4
west, a lone struck us. It commenced
from the northeast, veering to the north
northwt to west northwest, blowing
hardest from the latter point. The' ba
rometer was down to . 7^ and the ship
was down on her lee sme until the water
was up to the main hatch. "onslderable
damage was done to the running gear,
braces, Ptc. Ali the ports on the star
board side were carried away, the for*
lower topsail was blown into ribbons,
come »>f the other sails .-•'lit and ev< -
thing was chafed.
9 ..he wind tvp.-in to mod
( rate h nd ;!:• baromi ter to rise. T
■ unnlng, which
i ly all the time.
We I- and when they be -
.
from br< aklng inboard, i I
•wer
lit—
ther
away al-
Very ughl winds car
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES.
I he IVI/^lNl WOMEN WRITE.! }£$£.
1 ne IVI^TII^I WOMEN WRITE. \ %MJ^L
■ ■ ■ \'t* J Ajl»a
SICK women write to Dr. Pierce because they want to be cured. . They confide in him, trust him, \ *^Jj % *?•
iO^"^^^Qi^S^' tell him the whole story of their sufferings fully and freely, because women have faith \ < i - l|' "*^
that Dr, Pierce can cure. This confidence is warranted by the fact that more than / ' *oS^
half a million women have been confidentially treated by Dr. Pierce, and ninety-eight out of every hundred / /^V^'
treated, have been perfectly and permanently cured. f /
WOMEN HAVE CONFIDENCE ;/ . ]N
In Dr. Pierce' skill. Such confidence ia justified by Dr. Pierce' national reputation as a Specialist in / ,'"^t^i>.
tbe treatment of diseases peculiar to women: irregularities, inflammation, ulceration, female weakness, s. *^V^ <^^>
bearing-down pains, etc. With more than thirty years' experience in the treatment and cure of diseases of X: St - "***•
women, and with a staff of nearly twenty experienced specialists associated with him, Dr. Pierce offers to .S^S. Jg£ ■%£.
women the best medical knowledge and experience in the United States. To this is added what women declare y^ {^v*o^^^\ ****
to be "above all price" — the friendly and fatherly counsel afforded by his large experience. \ 7"* (Of^^\i
Sick or weak women are invited to consult Dr. Pierce' by letter, absolutely without charge. This con- \ <s?' •litiwW A
, ;||! f i , sultation does away with the disagreeable .A v* A jThr
I// 1 1 W\ 1 I f »^-~-^— -illr Hf ai " •■""■'• i I \
belie . v ? that h>ad il not been for these Vv-onderful \ 7^ 1-^ H
' ■il^^^^^^T^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^'U! CaS ° aS mine c . ou]< * be cure(l - But I not think / /t;
i i\^ B^'^^^^\^j^[^^^s^^^^y^;ffi-^ ■zz^=^j\\ you prescribed, I felt like another woman and I C^~ j
; j o^^^^^^^rJ^^^^^^^^^^§^o^?^^^^^h hardly believed [that such could be, when the first .Ji-fe,'* I*^1 *^
PR. PIERCES FAVORITE PRESCRIPTION L^^xT
iWakes Weak Women Strong, Strictly Temperance Medicine. / "^y^
AND SICK WOMEN WELL. CONTAINS NO ALCOHOL, OPIUM, or other NARCOTIC. ;..'/" *J\>/N^
i 4^ W 4 A B -^V^M^
j . . . ■'.■•■
* • • . . ■ ■ '.'■ ...■■• . ■ ■•
ON HER BEAM ENDS IN A CYCLONE.
THE British bark Zinita, from Antwerp for San Francisco, had a hard time of it off Cape Horn. She
was caught in a terrific storm and for forty-eight hours lay on her lee side, with the water up to her
main hatchway. Sails were blown from the boltropes, cabin and forecastle flooded, and everytnlnff
movable on deck washed away. Oil bags put over the side finally kept the seas from breaking inboard and
saved the vessel from further damage.
ried us along and it took the bark forty
six days to come from th< equator to the
bar.
"We spoke the American f?hip George
Stetson from New York for San Fran
cisco Cnow oul 147 days) on April 5, in
latitude 29 17 north longitude 152 57 west.
On April 13 at S:hO a. m. we spoke a three
masted schooner showing the number
K. B. D. R. (the Sailor Boy from San
Franeisro April 13 for Kadlak) about fifty
miles' southwest of the Farallohes. They ,
wished to be reported all well."
The Zinita has a general cargo, a con- ;
siderable portion of which is wines and
liquors, the remainder being cement and;
coke. She was 1.'5 days making the run
from Antwerp, while the Guy C. Goss was
lf)4 days coining from Philadelphia;
The "sugar vessels are doing a thriving
business these : .ys. Tl re is not enough
of them to handle all the sugar offering
In Hawaii, and they cannot carry all
the merchandise bound from this port to i
the islands. The bark Annie Johnson car
ried a general cargo valued at $6657, the !
Mauna Ala one valued at $6283, the
schooner Mildred machint ■ and .'.road
material valued at J75.556, and tne
schooner Olpa a somewhat similar cargo
to the Mildred, valued at J29,543.
The United Stal collier Nero came
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRTL 16, 1599.
down from Mare. Island yesterday and \
will begin coaling from tiie ship Glory |
of the Seas to-day. The latter has 33<0 j
tons Of ComOX real nlj.iard. all of Which
will go Into the Nero, after which she will
sail for Quam.
The Market-street cars will use the
now turntable at the ferries to-day. Tt
does not follow, however, that Bast
street will be open to traffic. The en- 1
tire row of Street railroad terminals at
the southerly end of the ferries are to |
■ arranged and the San Mateo line
brought in. These changes will
about six week?, and in the meantime;
the entrance from Bast street south into
.Market wil Iced.
The schooner Mary Bldwell is all. right.
Some weeks ago a quantity of wreckage
was sighted up the roast and ir was
reported to be the remains of a Bchooner.
The Mary Bldwell was lone: overdue at I
St. Mli hael from Nushagak, and the pen- '
vial impression was that the wn
was her remains. A letter from si.
Michael, dated December 6, which ar- j
rived hero yesterday, states, however,!
that the Bldwell is all rl^ht and in Port
She r< ached off that ina<-o
through bad navigation, and had to mit
In owing to Btrese of weatner. Then she '
got frozen in and had to winter there.
The work of getting the transports
Hancock (Arizona) and "barren (Scan
dial ready fur sea is! being rushed. As
soon as the troops are aboard, probably
to-morrow morning, the Hancock wnl
Ball, and the Warren will follow her on
Wednesday.
'Tepamold" book leathers, rII colors, designs
and grains; see thepp. 62 Chronicle building,
Pan Francisco. •
THE BADGER IN.
She Has Been Selected to Carry the
Samoan Commissioners.
The United States steamship Badger,
fourteen days from Callao, arrived last
night and dropped anchor off Blossom
rock. The Badger is one of the trans
formed merchantmen pressed Into B< rvice
at the outbreak of the war, and presents
a formidable appearance. She carries
fourteen officers rind a crew of 147 men.
Captain Miller, who is in command, said
his orders simply carried him to San
Francisco, but it is generally understood
that the vessel will carry the commls
to Samoa.
CHINESE WERE
DECEIVED By
' NATIVE GARB
Price and Men Raid
Another Game.
BUTLER A GOOD CELESTIAL
DONNED PIGTAIL AND BLOUSE
AND WAS ADMITTED.
Found the Game in Full Sway and
Captured Fifteen Players, To
gether With a Complete
Layout.
Lieutenant Price and posse by a clever
rupe last night succeeded in capturing
fifteen tan players, together with a com
plete layout. The police are usually han
dicapped when an attempt is made to raid
a game by the fact that three doors must
be broken down before they can get near
the game. At the first blow of the ax
all evidence is destroyed, and by the time
the police get inside they find a bunch of
Chinamen calmly smoking their pipes
and discussing the Samoan situation or
something else!- which interests thorn.
Last night, however, a trick was tried
and It worked successfully. Officer But
ler, who has a smooth lace and Is fat and
sleek as any Chinaman, was dressed in
the native costume complete from shoes
to pigtail and started to make the rounds.
He was closely followed by Officers Bon
ner, King and Taylor. The quartet lirst
went through Waverjy place, but the
lights there are so bright that the look
outs readily penetrated Butler's disguise
and refused to open the doors. The next
place visited was Ross alley, narrow,
dark and foul-smelling. Butler walked up
to the door of the Pacific Coast Friendly
Society and gave the customary rap. Af
ter a moment's hesitation the lookout
pulled the string and admitted him. He
walked boldly over-to the table, seized the
dealer by the back of the neck and threw
him into a corner, and coolly began gath
ering up everything in sight. Before the
playi :s had recovered from the tlrst shock
of surprise the blows of axes were heard
on the outer door and they realized thut
they were caught. Fifteen were speedily
bundled into a patrol wagon and tak< n to
the California-street police station, where
they were charged with visiting a fantan
game. The lookout who admitted But
ier was the most crestfallen man in the
whole outfit. As he leaned up against
the desk in the police station surv. ying
tin- pseudo chinaman be said: "When I
,ook at you head 1 thinkee slomthin
wlong; when r look at you shoe 1 think
alle lighten and pull stiing."
Lieutenant Price has in years gone by
frequently captured gamblers in this
manner, but the Chinese became so wary
that it was abandoned. Enough time has
elapsed for them to forget the trick, hence
the success of last night's raid.
SAILORS' WAGES MAY
BE SFI7ED FOR DEBT
JURISDICTION OP STATE COURTS
DEFINED.
Decision by Judge de Hav«n of In
terest to Seamen and Their Cred
itors Afloat and Ashore.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday handed down a decision which
will prove of much interest to the men
who go down to the sea in ships. The
case is a libel brought by \V. Gilray
against the steamer Queen to recover
wages which had been attached under
execution issued by a State court.
The opinion goes on to pay that the
maritime law does not recognize any
right to attach the wages of a seaman in
an action at law instituted by his cred
itors in a State court. It had been held
in otber cases that the fact that the wages
of a mariner were under attachment in a
•ding- at law pending in a State
court would not suspend or defeat the
right of the mariner to proceed in admi
ralty for the recovery of his wages.
There is. however, a marked difference
between an attachment to secure pay
ment of an asserted, and, it may be, dis
puted and unfounded claim, and the levy ■
of an execution which simply seizes upon
property of a debtor for the purpose of
satisfying a valid judgment, the decision
goes on to say, but no authority had been
quoted to show that the wages of a sea
man may not. when no suit to recover the
same Is pending in a court of admiralty,
be taken on execution issued out of "a
State court in the absence of a statute
exempting them from seizure, or in which
it is held that the prior payment of the
amount due a seaman for wages in satis
faction of an execution issued against
him, would not constitute a good defense
to a subsequent action brought by him
in admiralty for the recovery of such
wapes. ■: • •■"■;..
The libel was,, therefore, ordered dis
missed.
WANTS HER PUNISHED.
Attorney Pistolesi Swears to. a War-
rant for Mrs. Traver's Arrest.
Attorney Pistolesl appeared before
Judge Graham yesterday and swore to
a warrant for the arrest of Mrs. J. J.
Traver, the woman who slapped his face
In tho corridor of the new City Hall on
Friday afternoon, as was exclusively
stated in The Call. Mr. Pistolesl does not
Intend to rest until the sting of the
blows he received is smoothed by seeing
his nemesis severely dealt with by the
court.
On the other hand, the lady who did the
slapping is proud of her work and feels
confident that she will not be punished
for acting as she did. She reiterated yes
terday that she does not use face powder,
and if any one ever asserts that she
does he would better look out.
Up to a late hour last night the war
rant was not served. According to the
officer In whose hands It' was given, he
cannot arrest the lady until she is ident
ified by Attorney Pistolesl. As the lat
ter has some compunction about entering
Mrs. Traver's castle, even though ac
companied by a minion of the law, it la
believed he will let the matter drop.
Music at St. Dominic's.
The usual monthly musical service, un
der the direction of Rhys Thomas, will
take place this evening at 7:.">0 o'clock,
when the following excellent programme
■will be rendered: "Salve Reginy."
(Smith), choir; "Alma Virigo" (Hum
mfll), soprano solo by Miss Lena Gore;
contralto solo, "O Lord. Have Mercy"
(Stradella). Miss Agnes Surgin; "Great
is Jehovah" (Schubert), choir; "If With
All Your Hearts"' (Mendelssohn), Rhys
Thomas. These services are becoming
very popular, as is evidenced by the
crowds that attend them. On the last
three occasions over two thousand people
were present.
H. Murphy, 630 Market street, lends money
on second mortgages tind estates. •
Britannia Lodge.
Britannia Lodge No. 7 of the Daughters
of St. George has arranged for a musical
and literary entertainment fn r Wednes
day evening next in I'nion-square H ill
One of the features will be a Cakewalk
by a number of the Daughters and Sons
of St. George.
A Year for Audette.
Joshua Audette was sentenced yester
day by United States District Judge de
Haven to one year's imprisonment in the
San Francisco County Jail and $300 fine
for sending non-mailable matter throueh
the mail;?. 6
Pianos on easy installments at Mau
vaiß', 769 Market street. •
DIVINE HEALING.
PMNMYED
FROM DEATH BY
HEALER TROTH
A Sufferer From Appen-
dicitis, Her Life Was
Despaired Of,
In the Crucial Hour Healer Truth
Was Appealed To and She
Was Permanently Cured.
REMARKABLE CURES EFFECTED
Well-Known Society Woman Relieved of
the Arsenic-Eating Habit — Chronic
Diseases Successfully Treated
at 440 Geary Street.
A remarkable cure of appendicitis,
from which a well-known society wo-
man of Sari Francisco had been auffor-
| ing for many months, was effected by
Healer Francis Truth at 440 Geary
street' last week.
At the earnest request of the lady in
question, as well as her relatives, her
name is withheld from publication.
Healer "A-uth will, on personal applica-
tion, divulge it to any person or persons
desirous of ascertaining the facts.
The case in question was a peculiar
one. It baffled the best medical practi-
tioners in the city, who said no cure
could be effected without a surgical
operation. The physical condition of
the patient was such as to render her
survival almost an impossibility. Yet
drastic measures were necessary; death
confronted her in any event and the
operation was decided upon.
A day or two before the sufferer was
to undergo the trying ordeal, which
seemed inevitable death to her, her at-
tention was attracted to the remarka-
ble cures of chronic diseases effected
by Healer Francis Truth. Was it worth
while to try his methods? It could do
no harm, and, assured of secrecy, no
matter what the outcome, she entrusted
her case to Healer Truth's cere.
The result was marvelous. For weeks
a sufferer of the keenest agony from
fever caused by an excessive Inflamma-
tion of the vermiform appendix, she
was at the first visit greatly relieved.
On the following day her fever was
allayed and on the third it had disap-
peared entirely. In less than four days
every vestige of the disease had van-
ished and the woman is now thoroughly
cured. Her family physician was
amazed at the cure of his patient and
ihe could scarcely credit it. He is now
j convinced, however, that her cure is
I not only genuine but permanent.
In the list of Healer Truth's wonder-
ful restorations to health and vigor are
many others equally remarkable as the
one alluded to. The press have from
time to time mentioned them and the
accounts have served to bring his work
prominently before the public. From
all parts of the country come letters of
j inquiry addressed not only to Healer
j Truth himself but to his hundreds of
j patients, asking for information con-
| cerning his methods. The result is a
huge correspondence by which the be-
neficent influence of" the Healer becomes
wider from day to day and his sphere
of usefulness greatly enlarged.
Among the special cures effected this
week may be mentioned the following:
Two cases of sciatica of long standing ]
.which were deemed impossible of cure J
until Healer Truth was appealed to. j
Several cases of female weakness of
many years' standing. One of these
women was for months scarcely able to j
walk and then only with the most ex-
I cruciatlng suffering. She was cured by
three treatments. Another cure was
that of a confirmed arsenic-eater, a
woman who moves In high social cir-
cles. Her case was considered hope-
less, and Healer Truth was offered $1000
if he accomplished a cure. This was j
done In less than two weeks and the
money paid. Since that time the grat-
ified woman has shown an abhorrence
for arsenic which indicates that her
cure will be permanent.
The absent cases of Healer Truth are
equally remarkable. Several hundred
victims of chronic diseases living in I
various parts of the Union have abund-
ant Reason to bless the fate that cast
them in Healer Truth's path. Inquiries
are always cheerfully answered and all j
communications are confidentially
treated.
SECOND SUCCESSFUL TEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
TatHwlP 1 KVERr ROOM IS satur-
* ATED with a germicide. The patient lives "
in an atmosphere that positively kills thS
weMnl" 01 "- I»»ai.te Jellef'to th!
t?i-« f»i?. B S l Bw< : ats »nd cough. Tempera-
t m w e n n t ty ln^ a d b 9 ly lncreasM four weeks' treat- ':
t™ n n\y n^u m dV y lnCreaSeS WelKht «*- 6U to :
nJ h Ra C hJrt br ?i ted * ThrOOt an(J Lvn * Specialist, i
PntirS rt Hunter °f New York, writes: "i ,
A?»ll y rove of all you are doln? and pre- !
diet great success for your undertaking." j ; ,
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES. !
Character No. Cured, proved, proved. Total. .
llt _ _^^^^^
Ist Stase.. J4 it S • M
Id Btage.. S« ll' 2l! I 21
Sd Stage.. I 12 15 10
The Sanatorium is owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co.. practicing the
Antiseptic Germicial Inhalation treatment for !
diseases of the respiratory tract. Kxperlenced :
physicians and nurses are In attendance. The j
Sanatorium is lighted by gas and he.ated by
eteam and open fires. The rooms — over 100 In
number— are cheerful, sunny and well fur-
nished. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium is delightfully ' located. nln»
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelvs
acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennjs court, croquet grounds
are free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lars, together with our pamphlet, containing i
views of th» Sanatorium and surroundings and
our methods of treatment, will be mailed free
on application. '
Address all inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA- ]
TORIUM CO.. Saa Gabriel. Cal. j
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley. and
Dancing Kail in Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable. Gentle Saddle Horse*
and Ponies. r-1-.i-.rvr-a
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; superb cllmi j
beautiful mountain scenery: trout, leer ana
email game plentiful; ma^nlneeiv. rt T es -
baths in variety; lawn tennis and ero^ l
Reached by the shortest stage route into £«**£
County. Hound trip fare from San I rancisco
via Hopland. $v. via Calistoga, $9. .
Hotel. and cottage rates. $10 to »H P«r weeK "
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hoplandnor
S. P. R. R. to Callstojra. For "lustrate.. AiO
phlet or further information address J. *- n *"Ti
Highland Sprinc?, Lake County, Lai., or see
I L D. CRAIG. 316 M.mtsromery st.
Hi-ghlaml Springs Mineral Waters on sale «
' Oakland Pioneer B da Water Co., Thirteenin
and Webster sts , ')aklar<l. _____ TtrirT
AHREXS. PEIK & TUT.I^TNKKU
620 Post Ft.. San PTandaco.
SKftGGS'HOTSPRIHGS
JSS2S snsas sgug
tain scenery; good trout streams at door, pno-
togrnVher's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
gV a AG a E d SETvr CE F i l^n r omP n fln i d 01 a i ner-noon
' ' Terms $2 a day or Ji2 a week, nei-
erer^ce* a™ guest of the past four years.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains nn San Lorenzo River.
w hours from B F.. 40 minutes from banta
Cr\.z; groun^and river lit by electric lights;
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and flah. ,
finest hall an.l dining room In Santa Crua
Mts : club, billiard and smoKlng rooms. New,
hard finished and elegantly OnMMI
phone and telegraph service. Round trip, J3
Address W. E. VEAZIE. Lessee, South Ben
Lomond. ■ '
Shake your business
cares for
JEtna Springs
Two trains cially-7:30 a. m.. * P- ™-
Round trip, $7. Includes private carriage
to springs W. L. MITCHELL. Mgr..
Aetna Springs. Napa County. Cal. .
HARBIN'S HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
The> Best In the W/orld.
HOTEL, COTTAGES and GROUNDS light-
ed with ACETYLENE GAS. Open the year
round Sulphur. Iron, Magnesia -nd Arsenic.
! All kinds ot baths. WONDERFUL CURES
! of Rheumatism. Catarrh, Dyspepsia. Paraly-
. sis. Skin Diseases and Kidney, Liver and
Stomach troubles. Long distance phone.
' Terms, 510 to lIS per week. Daily Ftage from
! Callstoga. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
VICHY SPRINGS;
THREE MILES FROM UKIAH, MENDO-
cIno County. Natural elertric waters,
champagne baths. Only place In the world of
this class of waters having continuous How of
natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing and hunting.
Crystal Springs. Aeeoinmoc' and tabl<»
fITSt-Claas. J. A. REDEMEYER & r<).. Props.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thl? delightful 1 watering place is located In
' the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cod
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine «tone dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation:
good trout fishing and huntine. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor."
THE fIOYA RETBEAT Situated five mile*
Inh nUIA KtlKtAl from GUroy.
Mineral water; fine hunting; finest climate
in California; magnificent location; plenty of
eggs, milk and fruit: summer boarders "ac-
commodated at reasonable rates; good cheer
and home comforts; good board with all tha
delicacies of the 6eason. For terms, address
MRS. PORTER T. PEABODT. P. O. box 87.
GUroy.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April 1. Ample accom-
modations In Hotel; also In new cottages, Just
completed.
MRS. f\. T. WIOORE,
BELVEDERE.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswlck, Siskiyou County, Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. " For particulars apply to ED-
SON BROS.. Proprietors. -. -- -.■-.".
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State: the water is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed; fine fishing and hunting; stage dally
from Calistoga direct to springs; round trip at
Southern Pacific offices, $10. DR. W. R. PRA-
THER. Adam Spring.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer
home. Every modern convenience. In and
out door sports. Forty-five minutes from San
Francisco. Table under personal care of MR3.
M. MERRY. Proprietor.
BAMUFL SODA SPRINGS.
■ J. R. Morris. Prop., Napa County, Cal. Sure
cure for dyspepsia. Indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation; hot mineral baths. These
springs arc located in Napa County, 20 miles
east of St. Helena. The water is bottled at
the springs and contains Its own natural gas
Stage leaves St. Helena.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland. Unequaled soda and
magnesia springs; baths: furnished cottage^
Terms, JlO to Sl2. Buy through tickets Send
for circular. O. HOWKLL. Hopland, Cal. •
BEAUTIFUL BEN LOMOND.
PARK HOUSE, with lovely surroundings, fish
pond, boatlnjr, solid comfort, freeh milk nnd
fruits: livery connected; is per- week T H
PETERSON. Prop.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner, with one of the best
table* in the county: $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip. $9 SO. B. F. and N. P. to Ukiah; thence by
stage. Address J. WILSON, Bertha. Lake
County. Cal.
000000000000000 00 0
S«!« PALACE AN Po
GRAND HorejLso
Q SAN FKANCISCO. °
*f Connected by a covered passageway. ®
O l4ooßoom--900w3 h Bath Attached O
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PSICES: . O
O European Plan, SI.OO per day and upward O
Q American Pian.sK.OO per day A nd upward °
" .Correspondence Solicited O
O . JOHN 0. KIBIPATRICK. Miaager. O
000000000000000000
DR.MCKULTY.
rTHIS WEIL-KNOW.S AND RELrABI.KOLD
i opeciiilist cur<.< Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o. Men only. BouK on I'rivate Diseases and
\V eaknesses of Mec. free. Over 20 y'rs 1 1 icperience
Pntiei.tsci!red:u Home. Terms rPn'soiiahl*.. Hour»9
to8d«j"y;4«>to8:*) ev'ga.SundttTß, iotn 12. Consul-
tatlonfree and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddrew
P. KOSCOK MpXILTY, M.l>.
2G\4 Kfiirny Wt., San Francisco. Cal.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per YearTO IMPROVE I
ENTRANCE ID
YMDIM BUI
The Gateway to a
Great Commerce.
HARBOR'S FATE UNDECIDED
GOVERNMENT ENGINEERS WILL
SOON DETERMINE IT.
San Francisco Merchants Recognize
the Vast Importance of the En
terprise and Urge Favor
able Action.
The question as to whether or not an
appropriation Is to be mad« for the im
provement of tho entrance to Yaquina
| Bay, In Oregon, to be carried on in ac
*■ cordance with the, authorization of Con
gress, is agitating the people not only of
Southern Oregon; but of this city.
In 1695 Congress passed a bill providing
for the promotion of the work on the con
tinuous contract basis and author::- the
appropriation of $1,000,000 for the purpose.
Tho lu-st Congress "held up" the appro
priation and provided for the appointment
ot a bourd of engineers to examine the
harbor and report Anally on the proposed
Improvement.' The interesting part of the :
situation is the fact that if the board
makes an adverse report there will be a
Jong and costly delay in reviving the en-
Iterprise.
San Francisco's interest in the matter
Jies la the fact that Yaquina Bay Is the
liey to the great import and export busi
nt ss of the southern part of the Willam
ette Valley and the wealth-producing
£i Ms of Eastern Oregon: The bay in ques
ttbn is the natural outlet of that section
u::il this city is entitled to the trade. On
the other hand the interest of the mer
chants of Portland and the Congressmen
controlled by that en«l of the State is to
the further improvement of the
Lay in order that all the tralllc from the i
southern par; of the State all go over !
the line of the Southern Pacific and bo
fcundled in the entrepot of the ...
State. Under these circumstances the
embarrassing situation of the Oregon del
ti,'ation in Congress accounts for the fail
x..'. of the appropriation^
The LJoaru of Government Engineers
Will meet in a few weeks and an effort is
to be made to impress them with the im
portance of the work they have in hand. ,
To this end the Hoard of Trade of this
city met yesterday and adopted resolu-
setting forth the case from the
standpoint of all concerned. It Is stated
tnat the other kindred organizations of
the city will take up the matter on the
Xirst of the week and take similar action.
An open letter, written by the manager
ol the Corvalhs and Eastern Railroad,
which runs eastward from Yaquina Bay,
fairly illustrates the situation as shown
l>y the following extracts:
In order that you may fully under
stand this matter I will say that on
May 11, ISOS, a board of engineers,
consisting of Lieutenant Colonel Amos
Stlckney; Major James C. Post and
Major Clinton B. Sears, met at Ya
«4Ulna and made a report which re
sulted in Congress taking the matter
up under the continuous contract sys
.tem ajid that a law was passed au
thorizing the expenditure of $1,000,000
for the completion of this work, which
in addition to that already on hand
made $1,025,00\i to be expended under
the continuous contract system. The
matter has dragged along since then
until the Government advertised for
bids, which were opened In October
last, and the contract awarded to Chi
cago parties, who subsequently gave
the necessary bonds, signed the con
tract, etc, and $150,u00 .was asked for
as the appropriation for the ensuing
year. * ♦ The measure was defeat
ed and Yaquina entirely left out of
the appropriations for this year. The
chairman of the River and Harbor
Committee made a statement, 1 be
lieve, that the work was not necessary,
and he 1 also endeavored to have the
laws governing it repealed. It was
linally left to tae decision of the board
of engineers which had been appoint
ed. .he trouble in a measure seems to
have boen the small amount of busi
ness that has been done through the
ulna Custom-house for the past
few years. This is susceptible of very
t-asv" explanation.
\\ hen this road was purchased In
lff'4 1 found the steamer Homer on the
r^ute, running in connection with the
, railroad, and doing quite an extensive
business. The owners of this property
deslred to put on a better steamer or
steamers, but owing to the uncertainty
of the Government improving the har
bor they concluded it would be better
for the time being to make trafllc
{■.sfreements with small steamer lines
until such time as it could be deter
mined what class of vessels would be
best puited for the trafllc and the har
bor. Tho Homer was eventually pulled
off the route and the steamer Farallon
substituted. The Farallon, while she
was speedy, could not carry over 500
tons and was as expensive as a vessel
rarryiner 1000 tons. During the time
Fh<j was on the route we were very
<iften blocked with southbound freight,
having frequently over 100 loaded car 3
on the track more than she could take.
Our contract with the Farallon peo
ple did not contemplate so large a vol
ume of business, and as there was very
little money for them in operating this
class of vessel they did not care to put
on more vessels of the same class. Ow
ing to their not being able to handle
the business promptly a great deal of
dissatisfaction was created among the
San Francisco shippers on account of
the delay occasioned by their grain
a i.<l flour remaining on our tracks from
thirty to sixty flays fore the Far
allon rould take it out. This condition
of affairs existed until the Alaska ex
citement, when the Farallon was with
drawn and placed on the Alaska route,
and the steamer Truckee endeavored
to take care of the business. As you
know, she was sunk after a few voy- .
agr-s, and the- railroad company then
chartered the President for a limited
X time, which was the only vessel that
rould possibly be had owing to the de
mand for all classes of sea-going craft
for the Alaska business. She made a
few voyages, but finally broke her
shaft and was withdrawn, leaving us
without any .--•■!- of any kind on the
. ocfan and a large quantity of grain at
POSTUM CEREAL.
"WEANED THE BABY."
A Convenient and S'rengrthenlngr
Food Drink.
has for years been ao- j
to use two cupa of coffp.o for
tireakfast, &nd complained invariably
che if he didn't get th«»m
just to his taste, but gradually ho baa
had com him a severe heart
trouble and a spasmodic palpitating
Jit ion of the nerves, which weak-
made him ill.
the past month I have made
uin Food Coffee for him In place
■ffee, and not once since he began
Its use has he had any of ihe dlstress-
Bymptoms. Our little dan
• irs nid, takes Postum with
• rii'-ss and thrives upon it.
We all like it better than ordinary !
c< flfee. My husband and I both con-
sider it the moat delightful and whole.
• beverage for breakfast we have
Xerer tried. New users should be sure
and boil it long enough to bring out
the taste. When I weaned my baby
I fed her on nothing but Postum for
quite a long time, and she Is as fat as
fhe can be. Mrs. Iff. BL Allen, 21 Aldie
jitreflt. Ailßtoa, Mass.
COJKEDIJIJI BJIRJifIBEE IS
X GOOD T.HLNS FOR T.HE.M
Tfye Bostonians .Make Easy .Money as Long as the "Old .Man
Insists on Playing Draw Poker.
A DAY or so before Henry Clay riar
nabee of the Bostonians started on
the road this season. Mrs. Ban
extracted from him a promii
ho would refrain from poker. She
pointed out the fact that the hot end of
that article had burned large holes in his
pockets during previous tours, and told
him that it should point ,a moral. He ac
kn iwledged the correctness of his wife's
observations and solemnly gave his word
that ho would have no more of it.
The comedian reckoned without taking
into consideration tho sporting blood In
his veins, or the indubitable evidence of
danger in his own name. The sh
study of comparative nomenclature would
have satisfied him that his promise was
futile. He admits that he is des. ■
from a long line of ancestors, some of
them extending hack to the days when
there were no director}' men to compel
Yaquina destined for San Francisco,
which we were obliged to haul back to
Albany and ship all rail in order to
carry out the provisions of our bills of
lading.
From that time until last September
w< w< n unable to gel ai that
were Bultable for this trade. This is
the only I fame her.' that
we have not I blocked
had ' ' ■ more of
whei tracks than we could get
out of Yaquina promptly.
What 1 wish to lmpr< ss upon you Is
the fact that had the Government
on with this work and ena
owners of this road to determine on
the class of vessels that v uit
able. for this route, they would have
been built and operated. Further, the
rests <">f San Francisco in Keeping
the Taqulna route open ar.; identical
with that of the whole Willamette \ al
ley Further, the extension of the road
tward to the Inland empire of East
ern Oregon has been held up by the m
activltv of the Government; and un
thls harbor Is Improved as con
templated and promised, it is ques
tionable in my mind whether the own
ers will ever deem it expedient to ex
t , ,\ the lln< over the mountains.
If San Francisco d< I trade of
the Willamette Valley and the subse
ouent opportunity of controlling the
trade of c'n.ok, Malheur. Harney and
other counties east of the Cascade
range, there Is no other way to ace
pl!6h It but by fostering this enter
prise. ..
If you want a really good eong buy
"Irma." by Marshall & Wolff. Mau
vais', 769 Market Btn
A BIG ' FAILURE.
Martin H. Schnabel of Newcastle
Goes by the Board for Nearly
a Hundred Thousand.
Martin If- Schnabel of Newcastle,
County, filed a petition In I
ency yesterday in the I'nited States Dis
trict Court. His liabilities are J
and he has less thnn $5000 exempt assets.
Among his liabilities ar. Lyabla
to D M. Burns aKPrrogatlni* $23.«», run
ning from May io, 1890, to May 10, 18M,
the notes being for sums ranging from
$500 to $3000 executed month after month
fr. m the first dnte to the last. Among
his other liabilities is the sum of $51,874,
representing his peventeen-thlrty-nrth
inter 'st as a stockholder in the Co-opera
tive Fruit Company.
. ♦ «
He Jumped His Bonds.
James Merrill, who was arrested Janu
ary 22 and charged with having stolen a
diamond pin from -the person of \V. G.
Robblns rllrt not appear when his
was called by Judge Lawlor yesterday
morning After a short consideration of
thf matter the court ordered the defend
ant's bond, amounting to (2000, forfeited.
The" sureties are E. N. Smoot, a. Larkin
street saloonman, and Joseph H. Begin
of 202 Kills street. In addition to the
chartro of grand larceny for having stolen
the nin Merrill has a prior conviction
aealnst his name. In consequence if he
ia apprehended and convicted he will
doubtless enjoy an unusually long rest as
a guest of the State
Reception to Colored Troops.
A reception will be tendered the Twen
ty-fourth United States Infantry by the
congregation of Bethel A. M. BL Church
in the church building on Powell street,
near Jackson, to-morrow night. Ad
dr'Bßos of welcome will be delivered by
Roy W B. Anderson, pastor of the
church and J. S. Francis. They will be
SonVdtoby Sergeant Major Henry R
Green and Sergeant A. J. Iranklin. A
first class programme has also been pre
pared including a vocal duet by W . B.
Powtf and Miss Beatrice Harris and
recitations by Miss Jessie nailery and
Ivi lord D. Print. Through the efforts of
f.-v Mr Anderson the Lnjon Street Rail
road Company has granted free transpor
tation for tho soldiers to and from the
Presidio-.
Mrs. Regan Arraigned.
Mrs Elizabeth Regan, charged with the
murder of Police Officer Kennedy, was
arraigned yesterday before Judge Cook
Mrs. Regan entered a pica of guilty ana
the court put the matter oVer one week,
at which time the date of the defendant s
trial will bo set. . ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 1(5, 1899.
uniformity in the spelling of names. What
more natural, although he spells the sylla
bles of his surname Bar-na-bee, that some
remote progenitor wrote Bar-na-by. Still
further on another undoubtedly wrote
Bar-no-by, and some other In the misty
ages when they fought be.tter than they
spelled had it Bar-no-bo-dy. Most nat
ural conclusion in the world.
That this is the true derivation of th«
name no sane person can doubt who has
the comedian sit into a game of
poker. Therefore, -with the blood of the
Bar Nobody of the ages in his veins, is it
any wonder that a childlike comfillan like
Barnabee should fall? It. is nothing more
nor less than atavism. He could not help
It, especially when the tempter came In
the person of VTilliam Broderick, the ro
bust basso of the company, -who looks,
but la not, the easiest mark that ever
came over the pike.
The fall came on Sunday at .the end of
the fifth week of tho present tour, while
the company was being whirled over the
rails to the next stand. All the new
stories and most of tho old ones had been
retold for the purpose of whillng away
the hours and things were getting mo
notonous. Brodorick, who was a now man
in thr l>ostonians, had a leaning to poker,
and know Barnabee's fondness fnr the
frame. He was aware also, of the promise
given by the comedian,' and while ho
fairly noho<! to get Barnabee into a game,
his native modi sty- he is suspected of
having had his origin In Chicago — pre
v< nt ill him from making the lirst ad
vance. The terrible dullness of that Sun
day, however, was too much for him, and
he decld-ed to break the ice.
•'Join us In a little game?" ho asked
Barnabee, after having consulted with
several other members of the pnrty.
"Will I?" exclaimed the comedian,
Jumping up from his chair near his wife's.
"Watch me!"
"Barney!" exclaimed Mrs. Barnabee,
Li hfully, "your promise!"
"Oh, 1 know all about that. I'm not cro
lne: to break it. I'll just sit in and give
young fellows a lesson and cure
them forever of tempting their Uncle Bar
ney into a game."
H.< was fully satisfied that Broderick
was the easy mark ho took him for. nnd
his face waa wreathed with smiles as he
sat in with the basso and two others. He
patted the cards lovingly as he made the
first cut, and when it came to his turn to
deal he wanted to be so good that he
dealt extra pasteboards to everybody at
the tab. .
"Here," paid Broderick. "Misdeal. I've
pot one card too many. Pass the deal!"
"Not much, William,"- replied tho
dealer. "1 gave you too many just to see
if you knew anything at all about the
game."
Tlie poor opinion of Broderick's ability
as a xpressed by this remark
seemed to be borne out from the very
start. Tho ill luck that proverbially at
t' nds the pi fa frame fastened on
Broderick, and the best he could get was
the worst of it, greatly to the delipht of
T-tarnabee, who was raking in most of the
money, the other players being content to
fill in and watch the others duel.
"These lessons are expensive, William,"
remarked Barnabee in his blandest tones
as he raked in a jackpot containing six
or seven of Broderick's dollars. "They
come hiph, but us young fellows must
have them."
HISTORY AND
MIT BEAUTIFUL
IN COMBINATION
Realistic Panorama of
Battle of Manila.
PERFECTION IN DETAIL
ENTERTAINMENT APPEALS TO
ALL AMERICANS.
Central Park the Scene of a Great Sea
Fight That Borders So Closely
on Realism as to Almost
Deceive.
An entertainment of historic and artistic '
Interest was opened by the Interstate i
Panorama Company for the people of San
Francisco yesterday in the Panorama of
Manila Bay at Central Park. A private \
view was given in tho early part of the J
afternoon, and later the generaJ public
was admitted. It is safe to say that |
every one who saw it derived from the j
picture not only a clearer idea of the
great sea fight, but the genuine pleasure
that always comes from the contempla
tion of good work well done in the crea
tion of ideals of beauty.
This panorama Is more attractive than
any former battle picture, inasmuch as
the scene itself is one of picturesque and
romantic loveliness. The earth ha-s few
combinations of sea and shore more fair
than that which makes up the wide bay
of Muniia and the little harbor of Cavite,
and at the time of the battle the view was
presented under Its divinest aspect. Jt
was early morning— the hour when land
and sea are freshest anfl fairest. Misty
vnpors floated about the sky, the distant
shores presented a varied view through
the hazy air and every wave gleamed in
tints of emerald and pearl.
The panorama is presented from a point,
of view just opposite Cavite and along the
line taken by the American warships as
they steamed back and forth during the
fight. The time is the moment when
Dowey gives the signal to close up. The
answering signal la displayed on each
ship. The American 'fleet is near the
spectator, who stands, as it were, in the
midst of it. On* one side, not far away,
are seen the Spanish fleet and the town
and harbor of Cavite. On the opposite
side, far off and dim in the distance, are
the merchant vessels and foreign ships
in the bay, and beyond them, out of a
mass of buildings, clear in the sunlight,
rise the towers of Manila.
Beautiful ns is the background of the
scene, the center of Interest is of course
the battle itself. The great ship Olympla
holds the foremost place. Her massive
prow is so near the spectator that he can
almost touch it with outstretched hand.
It is the largest representation of a ship
ever presented In a panorama, and Its
creation Is one of the supremest triumphs
of the art of illusion. Not all of it is on
canvas. Much of the body of the ship and
I line "f the gun turrets and guns are pro
jections from the picture, but it will puzzle
the acutest observr-r to determine where
the realism 1 ends and the illusion or art
begins. ■ " ,* , .■
Standing on a platform above thft_SQtt.v.
And so the pame proceeded for an hour,
Broderick's ill-luck costing in that time
between thirty and forty dollars, which
were tantallzlngly stacked in front of the
comedian. The basso felt sore, not so
much at the loss of his coin as at the
gentle guying he was getting- at tne
tongue of his opponent. No man can
stand even the most good-natured reflec
tions on his ability as a poker-player, and
Broderick was no exception. He felt so
.! -.Mi on his luck that he threw up his
hand and got another member of the
company to play his money for him. He
left the car for a few minutes and re
turned with a pocket Hoyle he had man
aged to borrow, the reason for which be
came apparent In a short time.
Taking a seat near tho players Brod
erick awaited the chance that he knew
was bound to come. Barnabee had a
fashion of appealing to the rules on all
occasions, and, in the absence of a book,
took offhand liberties in their interpreta
tion. In consequence he was In constant
friendly dispute with his opponents, es
pecially when he was losing, as he began
to do immediately Broderick's substitute
sat in. The tide had turned against him
and in a short time the substitute had
won back nearly all the basso had lost,
confirming Barnahee In his first Impres
sion that Broderick was easy game. He
had a yearning that the principal might
replace the substitute, and he made slur
ring r< marks intended to rouse up the
sporting blood of the basso.
•'You're a nice poker player," said, "to
quit .iust because you were losing a few
dollars. I sat down to play with you and
you got out. I insist that you play your
own hand."
Kroderick hesitated long enough to
deepen the impression that he was a
•■mark' and then replaced the substitute.
Two hands had not been dealt till Bar
nabee appealed to the rules on a differ
ence of opinion as to the strength of two
hands. He began his own interpretation,
only to be cut short when Broderick
pulled the Hoyle.
"1 thought you miirht want to learn the
rudiments of the game," said the basso,
"so i dug up this."
Barnabee laid down his hand nnd eager
ly turned the leaves, confident that his In
terpretation of the rule he had sought to
quote would he borne out by the great
American authority. It was not. Hoyle
was against him, and that did not help
his state of mind. He yielded, however,
as gracefully as a man can who sees the
fellow raklns In the shekels and
buckled to to retrieve his fallen fortunes.
Luck would not change for Barnabee-.
As they played on, Broderick Increased
his winnings with every deal, mostly from
Barnabee, who, be it known, plays too lib
erally ever to cart away much money.
The disputes which the basso contrived
were frequent and so were Barnabee's ap
to the rules, which, three times out
of four, floored him. He fumed inwardly
and fretted outwardly and g r >t himself
Into such a state of mind that he was not
sine he waa playing poker or was the
"fall guy" in a big mitt trfime. He played
worse and worse, and finally quit, thirty
odd dollars to the bad, most of It In the
possession of "that soft mark, Bill Brod
erick."
The comedian was soro for several days
after the experience, but he gradually
comforted himself in the knowledge that
he had smashed his non-poker playing
ning tower is seen the admiral. His offi
cers are stationed at various points of
vantage and some of the gunners are seen
busy working the upper guns. Several of
the other ships are near enough for offi
cers and men to be distinguished upon
their decks. The pictures of the officers
are in every case portraits. Here and
there are seen evidenci of the few Span
ish shots that struck our vessels.
Ver different Is the aspect presented
by the Spanish fleet. There are the dis
aster and destruction wrought by the
American suns, and there also is to bo
seen the one action of the bat.tle which
saved the honor of Spain— the heroic cour
age of the Spanish commander, who when
bis flagship was sinking and in ilames
rowed bravely across the sea exposed to
the American lire to carry his flag to
anothei ship and continue the flght.
In the construction and the painting of
the panorama every care was taken to i
make it a true representation of the ac- j
tual scene. It has been treated artistic- i
ally, but art has been kept strictly within I
the limits of nature and of history- The
scene In the picture, is the scene as it was
on that bright morning of victory. Noth
ing has been exaggerated to produce sen- |
sational effects, nor anything omitted for
the purpose of simplifying the work of
the artists. It is a vivid, realistic pre
sentation of the light which has made a
new epoch in our history, raised a new is
sue of policy in our statecraft, and which
in its results may prove the most impor
tnnt battle fought in the world . since
Waterloo.
For the purpose of preparing the pano
rama Pierre N. Boeringer went as special
artist and commissioner to Manila, made
a number of elaborate water colors of
the landscape and took a series of pho
tographs covering the whole sweep
around the bay. From these views and j
sketches the psmorama was painted main- !
ly by August Lohr and Franz Blberstein j
of Munich, F. W. Heine of Dresden and
George Pejter of Vienna. Those artists
are among' the most eminent in their pro
fession and have already won high repute
for similar work in the artistic capitals
of Europe. Much of the success of the
marine portion of the panorama Is due to
W. A. Coulter, the well known marine ar
tist of Tho Call, who gavo valuable ad
vice in the accomplishment of some of
the technical difficulties of the drawing i
of ships, and to the officers of the Union
Iron Works, who, being builders of the
Olympla, "assisted by furnishing plans of
that model ship.
The artists had the further advantage !
during their work of frequent consulta
tions with naval officers who were present
at the battle. All the officers of the Mc-
Culloch aided in making the design cor
rect by their criticisms and by informa
tion freely given and among others who
have been equally helpful are Captain,
Frank Wildes of the Boston and Lieuten
ant C. Calkins, who was navigator of the
Olympia during the engagement, and Sol |
Sheridan, the war correspondent of The
Call.
William Wehne.r, to whose patriotic-ar
dor and business energy the construction
of the panorama is due, has had much |
experience in designing and carrying out i
such exhibitions. His work Is well known
not only on this coast, where he exhibited
the panorama of Waterloo, several' years
ago. but also in the East, where he ar
ranged a number of panoramas, all of
which were notable for historic accuracy
as well as for artistic effect.
Having acquired a competency through
the success of these enterprises Mr. Weh
ner some years ago removed from Chi
cago and settled In Santa Clara County,
where he has one of the most picturesque
estates in America. Situated on a slope
of the coast range mountains and over
looking the wide sweep of the fertile val- |
ley, the home is surrounded by orchards
and vineyards and backed by olive groves i
along the steep sides of the higher hills, j
Mr. Wahner's success as a vineyardist has
been such that he had no inclination to
return to his former business until the
victory of Manila roused him by the pre
sentation of a subject for a panorama
which would be at once patriotic' and
beautiful. Under the inspiration of the
thought he turned at once from agricul
ture to art. from the plow to panorama
making. Within a week after the news
of the great battle his plans were formu
lated and the work of collecting material
begun. ■ '
The panorama Is now open to the public.
It represents the highest achievement
thus far in work of the kind. All that
experience in the construction of former
panoramas taught Mr. Wehner lor his
artists has been applied to make this ven
ture the crowning accomplishment of
panoramic art. It carries illusion to per
fection. The whole wide sweep of the
JucQ&d. l?a>K T .Ii 1 9lJ h £ islands at Us moutii,
promise Into smithereens almost by the
express permission of Mrs. Barnabee and
the further conviction that Broderick was
such a tyro at the game that he could not
help winning. The luck of the beginner
has passed into an axiom, and Barnabee
made up his mind that he would get even
later. Since that time the comedian has
bet n "poking" steadily among the mem
bers of the company, with the result, un
less a remarkable run of luck sets in, that
he will have to write at the end of this,
as he has at the close of every previous
season, endless checks for I O I"s, which
pass current in the Bostonian continuous
poker game for coin of the realm.
Can you blame him, with tho unadul
terated sporting blood in his veins of a
thousand Barnubees descended from the
first Bar Nobody?
to the Inland shore Is before the specta
tor. Every point and detail of the scene
repays study, and a view through an
opera-glass reveals beauties not visible
to the unaided eye in the picture as In
nature.
As the scene was witnessed by Dewey
and his gallant men in the hour of vic
tory so it Is presented here to all who
wish to sen it. No description can do it.
justice. Neither the beauty of the marine
view and tropic landscape nor tho Inten
sity of the action can be conveyed through
the medium of words. It is one of the
marvels of modern .art, which must be
seen to be appreciated, and which, hav
ing been seen, will bo long remembered.
At Mono Castle.
A loft for homing pigeons is being built
at Glen Park. The south end of Morro
Castle will be devoted entirely to a vari
ous assortment of the feathery tribe. A
number of homing birds will be liberated
at Glen Park to-morrow afternoon, and
will race to East Oakland. The vaude
ville programme for to-morrow's enter
tainment will consist of gymnastics, mu
sical numbers, comedians, juggling, con
juring and sketch work.
ROAD WORK BOOMING.
The Valley Line to Stockton Rapidly
Nearing Completion.
The Valley road, from Point Richmond
to Stockton] Is a scene of activity all
along the line and It will not be many
more months before the Santa Fe'a termi
nal is finished and ready for business.
The big Franklin tunnel through the
mountains abovo Port Costa will be com
pleted by July 1, or near that time. The
east end is in 2224 feet and the west end
2400. and only 934 feet remain between
heads.
From the west end to Pinole fully 80
per cent of the work is finished, with the
exception of two points. One of these is
the 1100-foot tunnel, of which there yet
remains 200 feet to put through. . From
Pinole to Point Richmond the work has
been opened up at all of the most diffi
cult points, and the contractors are
about to begin on the 80U-foot tunnel at
the point.
The; piers for the big drawbridge over
the San Joaquln River are being put up,
and the grade Is completed between
Stockton and the river. On the unre
claimed land west of the river dredgers
are at work throwing up the 12-foot bank
that will be necessary to raise the road
bod above the level of the levees. The
bank is practically completed for four
miles, and Is also completed from Old
River westward from the end of the
marshes. From there to Antloch, eleven
miles, the grading is completed and ready
for the track. The bridge across Middle
and Old rivers and the viaduct across Al
hambra Valley have not yet been begun,
but will be shortly. The heavy grading
over the Coast range and the. 1100-foot
tunnel on the way are completed, and
Chief Engineer Story is confident that the
greatest of his difficulties have been sur
mounted.
11. Murphy, G3O Market street, lends money
on second mortKages and estates. •
CONVICTS AT THE BAR.
Five Criminals Sentenced to Various
Terms in Prison.
Yesterday was sentence day In the
criminal departments of the Superior
Court. Judge Cook's calendar was first
disposed of. In this court Axel Wahl
stein, who pleaded, guilty to a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon for having
struck Lizzie Kalya on the head with a
bottle, was sent to the County Jail for
a year. Christopher Martin, who pleaded
guilty to an attempt at burglary, was sent
to San Quentin for the term of one year.
James Wright was Bent to San Quentin
for five years for an infamous crime and
James Cooley was sent to Folsom for the
same term for the same crime.
In Judge I^awlor's court Alfred Howe
was sentenced to five years in Folsom for
burglary.
Henry Peterson Alivn.
Henry Peterson, reported missing since
the 12th of this month, returned to the
bosom of .his family yesterday. lie told
his wife that he hnd pot into a fipht with
a had man and had been arrested. Mrs.
Peterson called at the Coroner's office
yesterday to have hie name taken off the
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
WHAT STATISTICS
HAVE PROVEN!
What Medical Science Has Accomplished.
THIS GREAT DISCOVERY IS OFFERED FREE
TO "CALL" READERS.
Statistics prove that more people are
brought to the grave by diseases of the
kidneys and bladder than by any other
disease.
Kidney trouble is in itself so Insidlou3
and deceptive that thousands have
some form of it and never suspect it.
For many years medical science has
been trying to discover some remedy
that would positively overcome these
dangerous troubles.
But not until recently was the dis-
covery made. Dr. Kilmer, the eminent
physician and scientist, after years of
study and research, and after test on
test that never varied In the grand
result, announced the discovery of
Swamp-Root, which has proven itself
a most wonderful cure for all diseases
of the kidneys and bladder.
' While Swamp-Root has proved such
a remarkable success in curing kidney
and bladder diseases, it has also proved
equally invaluable in the cure of blood
diseases, rheumatism, liver and stom-
ach troubles and in the regulation and
cure of all uric acid troubles.
Swamp-Root has been tested in so
many ways, in hospital work, In private
practice, among the helpless, too poor
to purchase relief, and has proved so
successful in every case that -a special
arrangement has been made by which
all readers of the Call who have not
already tried it, may have a free sam-
ple bottle of Swamp-Root and thus test
for themselves its wonderful curative
properties.
If you will send your name and full
address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bing-
hamton, N. V., a sample bottle will be
sent, absolutely free by mail, post-paid,
also a book telling more about Swamp-
Root and containing some of the thou-
sands upon thousands of testimonial
letters received from people who owe
their good health, in fact, their very
lives, to the wonderful curative prop-
erties of Swamp-Root.
This great modern discovery is for
sale at most drugstores in fifty-cent
and one-dollar sizes. Don't make any
mistake, but make a note of the name,
SWAMP-ROOT, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, and remember that it is prepared
only by Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton,
N. Y.
If you take advantage of this gener-
BEAUX GIVE A
RETURN PARTY
The Ma£ee-Mhoon Engage
ment—Valentine Holt
Cotillon.
The society beaux who during the past
season have enjoyed the hospitality of
the Friday Fortnightlys returned the com
pliment by giving the young ladles of the
select club a delightful dance at Cotillon
Hall Friday night. Unlike the usual Fort
nightly gatherings, the affair was not a
german, but a cotillon. Mrs. Gordon
Blanding, Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs.
Henry L. Dodge, Mrs. William I. Kip,
Mrs. William McAfee and Mrs. Monroe
Salisbury acted as chaperones. The dance
was a most enjoyable one and brought the
brilliant season of the Fortnightlys to a
fitting close.
About sixty of the society folk of Ala
meda County were entertained at tea
Thursday by Miss Amy McKce. The re
ception was given at the home of Major
J B. Mhoon, the well known attorney, In
Oakland, and was to announce the en
gagement of Miss Belle Mhoon, his daugh
ter, to Fred Magee. Miss Mhoon is very
prominent in social functions across the
bay, being a member of the Fortnightly
Club and the Cotillon Club. She is a
graduate of the Oakland High School, and
plays in the Young Ladies' orchestra. Mr.
Mageo is likewise popular among soci
ety's elect. He is the son of Thomas Ma
gee, the well known real estate broker of
this city. No date has been set for the
« • fi H H jti fir
The Valentine Holt Society, the junior
branch of the Son 3 and Daughters of the
Revolution, gave a delightful cotillon at
the Century Club Friday night. The little
ones danced three -pretty figures and
dainty favors were distributed. Mrs. A.
S. Hubbard-had charge of the affair.
The fifth assembly and german of the
Entre Nous Cotillon took place at the
Maple Hall. Palace Hotel, Friday even
ing. Like all previous meetings, this was
a most charming and brilliant affair.
Fifty couples were present and partici
pated In six novel and intricate figures of
the german, which were danced under the
leadership of Sanford G. Lewald. The
young ladies were all handsomely gowned
and presented a pretty scene during the
cotillon. The following were In the lead-
Ing sets:
Miss Louis© Heppner, Miss Emma Prosek,
Miss Beglna Plagem,ann, Misses May and
Sadie Ludlow, Mrs. George D. Graham, Miss
Gertrude Scott, Miss Bolle Hemmenway, Miss
Nellie G. Martland, Mrs. Edward G. Carrera,
Miss Florence Saulsey, Miss Clara Campe, Miss
Martha Ltese, Miss Kate Games, Mias Belle
Rapp, Miss Lillian Lubben, Miss Millie Plajfe
mann, Miss Alma Hink, Miss Frieda Pock
wltz, Miss Madeleine Leahy, Mrs. Frank L.
Wholesale I l " co *™':r eo
fc ANO nF^ 6G ' 5T5
Retail D h c t
v ii26 /^arket Street
lOtfi and Broadway, Oakland. 1128 Market St., S. F. ' 3211 So, Spring St., Los Angeles
Saved for Seven Years
To the people of the Pacific Coast 30 to 60 per cent on drugs, patent medicines, pre-
scriptions. We had a hard time at the start fighting the MIGHTY DRUG COMBINE,
which reached from the Atlantic to the Pacific. WE WON THE FIGHT. You all re-
member It. You staged with us. We will NEVER disappoint ycu.
A FEW EYERY=DAY PRICES:
Baker's Sarsaparllla 75c j Paines Celery ■Compound, $1 size ttOo
Joy's Sareaparilla, $1 size TOe j Cutlcura Soap, 25c 5ize............ ......150
Ayers' Sarsaparilla. $1 size.. '.....: . TOe | Thompson's Dandelion _ and Celery Com-^^
Hood's Sarsaparllla, $1 5ize........ 70c P 0 ° t t- I s Emuision." u"size;"!'..".".!".".".!!.".".!!!;;70c
Beecham's Pills, 25c size .....'. 15c Ailen'3 Female Restorative, $1 size 7Oc
Pierces Pellets, 250 size..... 15c Veronica Water, 50c size 400
Carter's Pills, 25c size '. 15c Hunyadl Wnter, 50c size 25e
Thompson's Little Pills, 25c... 15c Pierces O. M. Discovery, Jl size. 700
Baker's Little Giant Pills ..Jise Plerce's Favorite Prescription, %\ size .7Oc
Allcock's Plasters, 25c lOr Peruna, $1 size 85c
Belladonna Plasters, 25c size lOc . Carter's Swedish Hair Renewer, 73c 51ze...50«
 Do not be humbugged on Electric .Belts. We sell them at 95.00. No better mad*.
BEND FOR OUR 100 PAGE CATALOGUE FREE.
v — - . ~~" — '-—
ilium DR. KILMER'S iiyiii
HI SWAMP-ROOT il
Ipfelllj Kidney, Liver and Bladder |®1m
• En! 'Mar take one. two or throe I pjlej
iflll I teaspoonfui.s before or after meals UJBII
jHjl Children less according to aero. fill M
I Sal and Increase to full dos» or more, )?|Q';|''n
3jj and lncrenso to f all riot* or more, I|S' i;f4
■ as the caso woulil seem to require. ||BJ|'ijj
pi Ij This pro.it remedy cares all || ■!■
|H kidney, liver, bladder and TTric |J jSjaM
:> B I j Acid troubles and disorders due IV II
111 to weak kidneys, such as catarrh i\ Ky«j
tgll of the bladder, jrrarel, rheiima- II R^'lH
rail tism, lumbago and Blight's Dls- I Jol
gij I ease, which is tho worst form of || f^rtf]
011 It Ij pleasant to tata. (ii^Mig
|9j| DR. KILMER & CO. |fiij
t Hi Sold by all Druggist*. {uliS
One-half the 50 ct. size — one quarter tha $I.M
■ins,
ova offer and write for a free sample)
bottle be sure and mention the San
Francisco Sunday Call when sending
your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Kiiisrhamton, N. Y.
Flatt, Miss Belle LirP. Miss Emma Clawson,
Misa Grace McCloskey, Miss Mabel Phillips,
Lillian Siim <•!•:-, Mlsa Mao N'oian, Misa
Winifr.' l Btateler, Misa Neva Swain. MjSßffß
Blake. Miss Coral Gilbert. Mine Edith McCiure.
James T. Ludlow, Charles Rose, George O.
Graham, Robert F. Height, John Rapp, Wil
liam K oiler. Dr. J. C. Stephens. Herman Her
ser, <larence Burke, Merrltt Rohlnson, Joseph
M. Hayes, Dr. Frank L. Platt, Frank H. Ker
rigan, George W. Llppman, 'William Hooke,
Jason Gould, Vincent O'Nell. J. J. Van Nos
trand, Edward G. Carrera, H. R. Jarkpnn, D.
T. He iry, Fred Htnk, John Plagemann, Dudley
E. Behlow, Dr. N. Copaey, 'William B. Meck
fessel, Byron Bent, Henry Plagemann Charles
Ho*ru<». Dr. A. J. Bylveater, W. H. Robinson.
Randall Phillips. <">scar Meussdorffer, Henry
Bates, Dave W. Wise, Arthur Meuspdorffer, J.
W. Hutchinson, W. R. Morgan. Henry Plage
mann. The last german to he given by the
club this season -will take place on Friday even
ing, May 12, at the Palace Hotel.
"Pegamoid" book leathers excel all others;
send for samples. Pegamoid, 62 Chronicle build
ing, San Francisco. •
MOUNT ZION HOSPITAL.
Dedication Ceremonies Under the Di-
rection of the Asociation.
This afternoon the ru-w Mount
Zion Unppjtai which has been erected on
Sutter and Hyde streets will be dedicated.
The cost of the building was $40,000, and
was oreited at the direction of the Mount
Zion Hospital Association, which has a
membership of 500.
The president of the association, Wil
liam Haas, will deliver the address. The
hospital is modern in every detail and
will accommodate fifty patients. Nn
charges will be imposed for the entrance
or (•.tro of patients, who will be admitted
without distinction of religion or creed.
The medical staff of the institution will
consist of Dr. Julius Rosenstirn, chief
surgeon and gynecologist; Dr. George E.
Busnnell, assistant surgeon, and Dr. C. G.
Levison, medical director.
A Farewell Sermon.
Archdeacon Emery will preach his fare
well sermon in the Church of the Advent
this morning. The archdeacon is to
enter upon the regular duties of the dio
cese that pertain to his office, and will
be succeeded in the Advent parish by the
Rev. George Forest, late of Washington,
D. C. The Easter day music will be
again rendered on this occasion, and in
the evening a special choral service will
be sung by the vested choir.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. N'nonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
"Lan Mftclaren" Will Return.
Lan Maclaren will return to this city
and on Friday afternoon next will appear
In Sherman & Clay Hall. Upon that occa
sion he will repeat "The Life of Dr. Will-
Jam McClure" in its entirety, and read,
for the first time in any city. selections
from his last and unpublished story.
910
STAKED HIS LIFE ON A
HORSE RACE AND LOST
One More Victim of
Corrigan Touts
Who Will Fill a
Suicide's Grave.
Patrick McDermott Bet
His Last Cent With
Ingleside Gamblers,
Then Sought Death.
THE gamble™ of Inglesl<s» have
claimed another victim. The
bookmakers have checked off
another name In the game that
they are playing against the
honor and the lives of the peo
ple of this city. The dead body of an
aged, white-haired man lies upon a
Blab at the Morgue to tell anomer
story of the tragedy of fhe racecourse.
Patrick McDermott hazarded his life
on Friday against the gambling clev
erness of tht- manipulators ot" the Pa
clflc Coast Jockey *'luh. He lost, and
his fr 1 ' d his dead body yea
terday morning.
McDermott was 70 yrars of age. He
had seen much of the dark side of life
and had battled against adversity with
but little success. Misfortunes ac
cumulated upon him, and about
a month ago he found himself without
employment and with but very little,
money with which to provide for his
He was a teamster by
occupation, and for years had received
the privilege of a bed of straw In a
stable at 830 Rryant street.
The old man had neither relative
nor friend In this city. He could look
to no BSistance, and at his
;ld not expect employment. He
that his little store of money
bo exhausted, and when
his money was gone iiis life must end.
g vainly to replenish tils store,
irned finally to the racecourse,
hoping in a hazard of what ho had to
gain nmre. He forgot the tragedies of
the racetrack ami did v.-it seem to know
was matching his poor Judg
ment against the criminal intelligence
of gamblers who have sent men into
exile, to prison and to death.
REGULftRS WILL
RELIEVE THE
VOLUNTEERS
Three Transports to
Sail This Week.
TROOPS ARE NOW COMING
TWENTY-FIRST INFANTRY TO
ARRIVE TO-MORROW.
The Scandia and Arizona Renamed.
They Will Sail for Manila as
the Warren and
Hancock.
Next week will see another fleet of
soldier-lrulm transports steam out of the
bay bound for Manila. They will carry
r< gulara this time to relieve the volun
>n the other side from further duty
in the field and suffering in the hospitals.
The Arizona and the Scandia, which
arc to be the first to sail, will go out un
der now names. The Arizona has been
named the Hancock and the Scandia will
hereafter do business as a United States
transport under the name of the Warren.
The Hancock Is scheduled to sail on the
17th lnFt.. but there is a possibility that
GRAPE-NUTS.
£= Tasted from 3
I "CURIOSITY '%
E What the 3
£= Athlete ate. 3
| GRAPE-NUTS |
* JUJUJUJUJUR
A BACK BAY MOTHER
Tries the Food Her Athletic Son
Uses.
"Will you kindly tell me If your
Grape-Nuts food is fat producing?
"I do not care for cereals. Bought
Grape-Nuts for my son, who has
broken down from over Btudy and ex.-
cess of athletics.
"The food has done him lots of good
and out of 'curiosity' I tasted it. Now
I eat Grape-Nuts three times a day,
and actually crave it. I never was so
well in my life and lately have been
undergoing great nerve and brain tax.
But 1 am afraid Grape-Nuts will make
me fat and rather than gain 'even five
pounds more of weight I will drop
Grape-Nuts, much as I like them.
"Please advise."
We refrain from giving the writer's
name, but the above is a veritable re-
production of the letter of a Boston
matron.
Our answer is that a person with an
unnatural quantity of flesh will lose a
portion of it. and the individual who
lacks a proper amount of flesh will gain
a proportion; in other words, an equi-
librium will be set up, such as Nature
intends, if the individual uses the
proper quality and quantity of food,
and we know of no more natural, ener-
gizing, brain and body, building food
than Postum Cereal Food Coffee and
Grape-Nuts, \
McDermott went on Friday to Em
eryville, where Corrlgan, by the cour
tesy of his associate gamblers, is ply
ing his trade. The touting tipsters of
the bookmaker urged the old man to
wager his money on a certain horse.
The old fellow knew nothing of the
game. He was a stranger to the
tricks by which the agents of the gam
blers fleece their victims. He needed
money, because money meant his life.
He was persuaded to bet on a cer
tain horse with the assurance that
the animal would win. The old man
bet all he possessed on the race. The
pool-ticket which he placed In his
pocket represented his life. He had
literally staked his existence on a
horserace, and it was Corrigan's privi
lege to decide the bet.
Some of the track gamblers had no
tlced the nervous eagerness with
which the old man made his wager.
They did not know that the old team
slip will not be able to pet away at that
time, as the last three sections of the
Twenty-first Infantry, which has been
assigned t>> sail on her, will not arrive
hetc from Plattsburg, N. V., until late
to-morrow afternoon. The first section
of the regiment is expected this morn-
Ing- All four sections of the regiment
would have arrived at the same time
but for a mlx-up that occurred east of
Omaha in which the big trains used in
its transportation were delayed. The
Hancock will also carry one battalion of
marines to re-enforce Dewey's i'.eet in
Manila Bay.
The Warren is due to sail on the day
following, the 18th, and eight batteries of
thp Sixth Artillery have been assigned to
her, as well as one battery of light ar
tillery. The batteries of the Sixth left
Richmond. Va. . Friday morning.
The 20th has been set as the day of sail
ing for the Newport, which will carry
two light batteries of artillery, and. It is
said, the cash for the payrolls for the
men on the other side. The Hancock and
Warren were both put on the dock when
they arrived here and their bottoms
painted, and are now coaling and taking
on quartermaster's supplies. The N< w
port is also taking on fuel and getting
ready for her trip. All three ship
in splendid condition, and their officers
look for n fair voyage into the tropics.
No day has yet been set for the sailing
of th.-- transport Morgan City, and it is
likely she will be held until the arrival
of the n-Ft of the transport fleet now on
the way from the Philippines. Artillery
and infantry are being hurried to this
city 'rom all sections of the country, and
within the next two weeks Pun Francisco
will have taken on almost as much of ;i
military Bftpect as when the volunteers
were camped here waiting for orders t'i
the front. _^__^__^____
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
K. Mason, a business man of Portland,
Or., will be at the Russ for a few days.
Edwin A. Sutter, a wholesale tobacco
nist of Chicago, is staying at the Call
fnrnla.
Thomas Gundelflnger, a Fresno banker.
' is registered at the Lick with his wife
: and son.
D. D. Schenck, a merchant of Toledo, la
at the Palace, accompanied by his wife
i and daughter.
Dr. George E. Davis has returned from
the City of Mexico, where he has been for
the past three weeks.
R. A. Bopgess. who owns quicksilver
mines at Sulphur Creek, Is at the Occi
dental with his wife. . .
Mr. and Mrs. Arnelll of Ventura arc
stopping at the Grand while spending a
few days In San Francisco.
Miss Birdie Dray, daughter of ex-Sen
ator Dray of Sacramento, has been visit-
Ing Mrs. J. J. Speaker of this city.
R. Cunningham, a mining man of Reno,
New, and J. G. Taylor, a stock raiser of
Lovelock, New, are guests at the Russ.
John H. Millzner, a mine owner of Tuc
son, Ariz., and Dr. A. Morrison of Los
Angeles are among the arrivals at the
Grand.
John A. Gill, Pacific Coast freight stgent
for the Vanderbilt lines, left yesterday
for an extended trip through the Puget
Sound region.
Dr. William Martin, U. S. N. (retired).
a well-known member of the Bohemian
Club, has Just returned from a two
months' visit to Hermosillo, Mexico.
Congressman Frank G. Clark of New
Hampshire has arrived in this city. Mr.
Clarke is a member of the Committees on
Elections and Pacific Railroads, and is
making a tour of this coast for pleasure
and Information.
Dr. William Martin of the Bohemian
Club has returned after a two months'
visit to Hermosillo. Mexico. Dr. Martin
Is a retired surgeon of the marine hos
pital service and an acknowledged au
thority on yellow fever.
Dr. P. J. H. Farrell, who was assistant
purgeon of the First California Volun
teers, arrived yesterday from the East,
where he went several weeks ago, after
coming from Manila. Dr. Farrell is of
the opinion that the Filipino trouble will
soon come to an end. General Lawton's
tactics of getting through the country
by throwing out flying columns, he
thinks will accomplish the desired result.
CAI/TFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 15.— Julian R. Harris
of San Francisco is at the Fifth avenue.
Charles Sloane of San Francisco is at
the Bartholdi. Joseph E. Smythe of Pasa
dena is at the Hoffman.
Harvester King Binders and Headers.
Hooker & Co., San Francisco. •
Mrs. Aubray Vindicated.
When the case of Mrs. Edna Aubray,
daughter of Captain Van Pelt, charged
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APKIL 16, 1899.
eter was gambling for hlg life. The
track-followers watched him as he
left the betting ring and stood under
the shadow of the grand stand
to see the race. The horses moved
restlessly from the paddock. In a
moment they were lined before
the starter. The barrier was raised
and the men who were looking
at the old teamster saw the lines of
tragic, excitement in his face. In an
other minute the old man turned
away. The horse upon which he had
wagered his life had lost.
McDermott left the racecourse and
returned to this city. The worthless
pool-ticket in his pocket was his death
warrant. He had a few cents left, and
with them he purchased some car
bolic acid. Then he sought his bed of
straw in the stable. When his friends
found him he was dead. Corrigan's
bookmakers had bought his life
cheaply.
with vagrancy, was called in Judge Co-i
--lan's court yesterday .Secretary wadharo
of the Eureka Society, who made thp ar
rest, asked tor a dismissal, which waß
promptly ordered by the Judge. The
question of the custody of Mrs. Aubray's
child will be argued before Judge Co ffey
to-morrow.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TKACK, Saturday, April 15, 1899.— Seventy-third
day of the winter meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast.
EDWIN F. SMITH. Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL. Starter.
980 FIRST ACE— Five furlongs; two-year-old fillies; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight. St.
ttm.
Vim.
■4 m.
Str.
Fin.
970 Rachel C 115 1 ... 2 1 12 ... 1* Thorpe... 1 3-2
959 ,;:cn 115 5 ... -', 2Vi ... 2 2 Jenkins 20 10
963 Artllla 115 3 ... . 7 2 4 1 ... 3 2 'Plegott 7-5 3-2
927 Pldalla 115 « ... 4 2 3h ... 4 3 Coburn 100 300
963 Pythia 115 8 ... 3 1 SI ... 6tt H. Shields.... 10 10
970 Art-mis ••*.* 113 4 ... IP. 61 ... 6 2 E. J0ne5...... 10 40
666 Belle of Palo A1t0.. 115 2 ... .2 7 2 ... 7 8 IMacklln 10 30
959 Taivl.* 115 7 ... 8 8 ..; 8 _ Snider .. '.'.'.'.'.'. 12 20
Time— tt. :13; %. :37.i: %, 1:03%. Winner, Rums & Waterhouse's b.- f. by Klnglike-
Raindrop. . Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
The winner displayed marked improvement. Giga finished gamely. Artllla was slow
to begin. \
Scratched— Champion Rose 115.
QQI SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
1; purse, $1000.
Index. Horse.
Weight.!:
ttm.
%im.
Str.
Fin.
Retting.
Op. . Cl.
(964) Golden Rule 123 2
910 Mountebank 1181 1
976 Ramboulla 1131 3
963 Beautiful Bill 118 4
2 2
1 Itt
3 6
4
12 ltt
35 2 4
2 ltt ' 3 6
4 4
. 1 1 I Plcgott I 1-5
210 Thorpe 4
3 6 iH. Shields.... 20
4 |Snlder ■■ *
1-6
5
•Coupled with Mountebank. ' .
Time- 1 ,. :13; **4, :37> 4 ; %, 1:03%. Winner. E. Corrigan's eh: g. by imp. Golden Garter-
Lucille Murphy. Fair start. Won first three driving.
Winner outclassed his field.
Scratched— Lomond 118, Tar Hill 118. I
QO9 THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three-:
; purse, $400.
Retting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
. 1
ttm.'
Urn.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Op. Cl.
960 Potente, 4 106] 3
(960) Wyoming, 6. .'..113! 5
(932) Malay. 3 981 8 "
9EB Jennie Reld. 3 97' 10
953 Opponent. 4 100 1
946 Benamela, 6 1061 4
9fio Road runner, a noil
946 Sir I'rlan. 3 97 12
953 Tom Calvert, 4 103113
953 .Tingle Jingle. 3 831 8
96S The Fretter, 3 94 9
945 Whaleback, 3 :. Ml 7
960 Ping, 4. '....100l 2
11 1 Vi
2% 2 2
fi 14 7 4
5 1 11 6
12 1 , . 8 h
11 tt 6 2
3 h 3 *4
7 tt ' 4 h
13 13
10 12 .
8 tt 5 tt
9 h 9 Vi
4 1 10 VJ
1 Vi
2 4
9 14
8 Vi
6 1
6 h
3 tt
4 Vi
10 .
7 2
11 "
13
13
1 2
2 4
6 1
3 1
7 2
"6 li ,
4 tt
9 1
10
8 4
11
12
13
1 3 [Jenkins I
2 10 IH. Shields.. ..l
3 ns 1.1. Ward
. 4 h ILouillier* '
5 1 {McNlchols ...
6 3 lE. Jones
7 2 IMacklln
8 2 (Gray
9 2 I.Toe Weber . . .
10 1 . 'Hal 8r0wn....
11 3 iDevin
12 2 U. Da1y....;...
13 ißasslnger ....
■4 . 4
3 3
10 15
5 12
:■ 5; ;' 4
.-4.V./5
40 40
17. 25
100 100
10 12
10 12
50 100
_ 8 12
Racine-
Time— Vi, :25tt: %, :80. %. 1:15%: mile, 1:41%. Winner. E. Corrigan's b. g. by
Pow .Pow. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Potente won off the reel. Opponent badly cut off at first turn. Jingle Jingle
spewed. The Fritter ran badly.
Scratched— Hohenzollern 110, Kamsln 104, Annowan 91. Castake 100. Guilder 109.
had no
QOQ FOURTH RACE— and a quarter miles; three-year-olds; the California Derby:
i/OOe value," $5000.
Index. Kcrse.
Weight.
'St. Std. . Vim.
Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
966 Corslne '........1221 1
933 Gauntlet 122 7
9fifi Olinthus 1221 2
966 Limewater 122' 6
(966) Los Medanos • 1221 3
744 RallstJC .1221 4
902 Earl Islington 112' 5
4 Vi 2 tt
7 3 Vi
6 tt 6 tt
5 2 - 4 h
2 ns 11
3 V 4 7
11 5 1
2 2
3 tt
5 15
4 1
1 n
6 10
7
1 tt
2 2
3 1
4 tt
5 .
•
1 tt
2 2
3 4
4 2
5
1 2 Piggott
2 1", 'Thome
3 6 IH. Shields....
4 3 lE. Jones I
5 'Jenkins
... IMacklln
... IP. Wilson....
8-5 8-5
« 12
3 7-2
7 15
4 19-5
8 7
25 150
•Pulled up.
Time— tt. :2": Vi. :50; %. 1:16: mile. l:42tt: Vim. 3:08%. Winner. E. Corrigan's b. c. by
Rllev-Hinda. Perfect start Won easing up. Second and third driving.
Corslnc found It easy. Gauntlet ran surprisingly well. Olinthus poorly ridden.
Weight anchored Los Medanos. Ballsta ran out.
QQ__l FIFTH PACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward-
«7«3*T» purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Ist. Std. Urn.
ttm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
fi!*o Rernardlllo, 5.. 109 5 31 21 22 11 lh ln Uenkins I 6-5 9-10
97:. New Moon, 6 105 1 7tt 4 1 31 2Vi 2Vi 1 h IJ. Power I 9 12
957 Major Hooker. 4. ...1081 4 5 1 64 52 41 3233 iWeber 5 7
97.", Rapido. a 107:8 10 492 62 53 42 410 'Romero ...... |12 15
973 Bliss Rucker, 4....K<fi 2 2h 11 ltt-' 34 51 5 2 U. Dalv 40 SO
957 Alvln E. 51 109' 9 9 1 10 113 10 2v .8 2 6 2 IRussell j25 80
973 Bonnie lone, 4 10113 41 51 81 74 N -6tt 72 [Hal Brown... 10 15
931 Morana. 4 101111 SI 8 1 10 1. 9V4 9 ' 8 2 ißassinger ...I 40 75
932 Bueno, a 107 10 11 12 12 li 3 li . 9 1 ICoburn 1 60 -SO
97" Ringmaster. 5 10716 IVi 33 4Vi 62 71 10 2 lE. Jones ..... | 3 -,
872 Herltaee. 6 10712 11 71 . 7Vi *2 10 1 113 'Hahn ! | SO 75
935 Deer Foot. 4 103 1 7 6 2 11 9 2 12 12 12 IMcNlchols ... 10 30
Time— :06.i: 5-16. * 301 *'- 9-16, '533-* 13-16. 1:22*4; mile, 1:43%: 1 l-16m, 1:48%. Winner
J Coffev's b. g. by Emperor of Norfolk-Jennie B. Good start. Won all out. Second and
third driving. •
The winner was urged at different times. Moon was full of run. Rapido ran a nice race'
Scratched— Paul Kruger 106, Meadowlark 107, Polaskl 107, . Dick Behan 106 Roulette
Wheel 101. Stan Powers 103. ;. ' ... -..-<-._..
985. SIXTH
i; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $00.
I
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.::
ttm. ! %m.
Str.
Fin.
(90S) Dr. Sheppard, 5.... US 3
971 Tony Licalzl. 4.:... 85 1 6■■
954 La Goleta. 4 103! 7
961 Aluminum, 4 ... — 83*1
966 Lost Girl, 5 931 4
961 Ailyar. 3 .95 5 ',
864 Miss Rowena. 4. ...120 2
961 Highland Ball. 4... 921 *
3 tt
4 tt
7
13
6 h
6 3 .
2 2-
-4 2
3 h
1 h
. 6 h
6 tt
21
lh 11 Thorpe .......
2 h .21 Stewart
6Vi • 3 1 Jenkins
3 1 4Vi Hal Brown...
4 h 5 ltt Coburn
6 3 6 6 J. Re1ff........
T- -7 . Piggott .......
• •• Holmes
MO
10 ■
- 4
10
15
- 8
*•
12
4-5
- 15
7
20
25
6
••
15
•Left. ••Coupled with Dr. Sheppard.
Time— :24Vi: tt. :48tt: %. 1:14*4. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. h. by Buohanan-
Voltlne. Bad start. Won handily. ~ Second and third driving. ' .''^^^msf^mmammga
The Doctor was going away at the end. i Licalzl away poorly, Ailyar had speed, '
Scratched— Rosormonde 97. Morlnga 97, Jinks 93. .*
CORRIGAN DERBY
IS CAPTURED BY
COUGAR'S HOSS
Once the California
Derby.
POSTPONED TO SUIT CORSINE
COLT WON AS THE "CZAR" HAD
CAI/CULATED.
The Victor Received With Deathly
Silence — Formero and Survivor
Were Counted Out — Olin
thus' Poor Showing.
The California Derby, one of the swell
stakes of the exiled Pacific Coast Jockey
Club, was decided at Oakland yesterday,
and turned out a decidedly frappe affair.
When Corrigan's Corsine, ridden by Pig
gott, returned to the stand winner his vic
tory failed to evoke a single cheer or dem
onstration of any sort. The attendance,
too, was light, that is for Derby day, there
being apparently no additions to the usual
I Saturday crowd. The race was set for
I and should have been decided just one
month ago. At that time the. Ingleside
Association was engaged in a debate with
the Supervisors, which fact was taken
advantage of by Corrigan to have the
1 event postponed. Then, too, it was hinted
that Corstne had developed signs of lame
| ness, while the other candidates, trained
j to the hour and right on edge, were eager
for the bugle call announcing post time.
At that stage of this turf idyl Formero
was considered a certainty, with Survl- ■
vor the dangerous one. In the interim I
First Tenor went amiss, and the owners I
of Formero and Survivor, disgusted at ,
the reprehensible tactics of this one-man
club, shipped their charges East, whore
they could contest for stakes tinder a less j
corrupt management. No general ever i
outlined his plan of battle better. Every- j
thing matured iust about as the Corrigan
confederacy had figured. While Corsine
was gradually receiving his "prep" those ■
of the original nominations eligible were I
losing all semblance of true form. And j
so yesterday Urn Corrigan colt was !
"cherry ripe," with virtually nothing to !
contest the prize with him. Such palpa- !
ble unfairness did not pass unperceived I
by a sport-loving public and this in a I
measure accounts for the deathlike still
ness with which the winner was received,
! even though piloted by Joe Piggott, Cali
i fornia's most popular rider.
What betting was done on the race waa
restricted mostly to Corsine, which ruled
a pronounced favorite throughout. Olin- i
thus, badly beaten by the Corrigan entry
on Thursday, came in for small support,
find so <li'l Los Medanos', Gauntlet, Lime- !
water and Ballista were nibbled at, but
I tickets on Earl Islington, which looked as |
badly out of place as a tramp in a draw
j incr room, could not be given away.
The rare is scarce worthy of descrip
tion. Before a mile had been traversed
Pipgott had Corsine in front, and the '
I Riley colt won easing up from Gauntlet
jin 2:08%. Olinthus, roughly handled by
Shields, ran third, followed in by Lime
water and Los Medanos. Balista and
Earl Islington were both pulled up.
Five other events were decided, of
which number the favorites won four.
Jenkins, Thorpe and Piggott divided the
saddle honors.
The racing began with a five-furlong
sprint for two-year-olds. Artilla, the
Corrigan entry, and Rachel C closed equal
favorites in the betting. The latter mare
took the lead in the stretch, winning
hands down from the 20 to 1 shot, Giga.
Artilla was slow in getting underway,
finally finishing third.
The Sehreiber stake had but four start
ers, and was easily captured by Corri
gan's Golden Rule, the 1 to 7 chance, rid
den by Piggott. Mountebank finished a
good second in front of Bamboulia.
Galen Brown's clever plater Wyoming
had first call in the betting in the mile
selling run. and was beaten hands down
by Potente. The latter horse made all
the running and at the wire had consid
erable in reserve. Jack Ward landed ivia
lay in the show.
Bernardillo came out of retirement and
was installed a warm favorite for the
mile and a sixteenth run. He was
asked to down some very moderate com
pany, but at the end had little to spare
when leading New Moon over the mark a
neck.
The six-furlong handicap fell to Dr.
Sheppard. which wns coupled in the bet
ting with Miss Rowena. the pair ruling
favortes. The doctor picked up 118 rounds,
and coming from fourth position in the
stretch finished a length in advance of
the light-weighted Tony Licalzi. Show
honors went to La Goleta.
WRECKED HIS HOME
WHILE DRINK-CRAZED
PATRICK J. O'NEIL CREATES
HAVOC IN SHORT ORDER.
Drives His Wife Out of the House
and Then Demolishes Every
thing of Value.
Patrick J. O'Neil, a painter, went to his
home at 319 Eureka street last evening
in an inebriated condition and on being
remonstrated with by his wife became
furious and drove her from the house.
While the latter was receiving the sym
pathy of her neighbors the liquor-crazed
husband began to vent his ire on the fur
nishings in the house.
Crash after crash was heard by the
gathered neighbors, but no one dared en
ter the citadel to see what O'Neil was
doing. A messenger was hastily dis
patched to the Seventeenth-street police
station, and when Acting Lieutenant
Hagarty was informed of the trouble he
hastily dispatched Officers J. Connolly
and P. Cleu to the scene in a patrol
wagon. When the officers entered the
house they found O'Neil putting the fin
ishing touches to the wreck he had
wrought. He was unceremoniously taken
into custody and handcuffed. His right
hand was covered with blood, due to a
nasty cut he received in breaking a mir
ror. A towel was placed around his hand
and, amid the jeers of the people in the
neighborhood, he was driven to the police
station, where charges of disturbing the
peace and of committing malicious mis
chief were placed against him. As he
was bleeding profusely from his wound
he was taken to the City and County
Hospital, where it was dressed. He de
clined to give any reason for his action.
A survey of the home of the frenzied
house painter disclosed a scene of ruin.
The floors were covered with broken
glass, dishes, gas globes, ga,«» fixtures,
mirrors, pictures, etc. The pictures were
torn from the walls and mangled. Look
ing glasses were scattered around the
rooms, cracked, smashed and made use
less. Not a window in the house was left
Intact and, in fact, everything of value
was broken beyond repair.
EVERY DOG MAY
HAVE HIS DAY
Only a Week More for Entries in the
Big Bench Show at the
Pavilion.
Never in the history of San Fran
cisco dog shows have entries been made
at such an early stage as for this show.
Owners seem to have realized at last that
the earlier they enter their dogs the
better are the chances for a flawless cata
logue. Inquiries at the office of the San
Francisco Kennel Club at 238 Montgomery
street have developed the fact that the
number of entries already made amounts
to 325. With this unprecedented early
entry the chances are more than favora
ble that this year will see about a thou
sand dogs on the bench at the Mechanics'
Pavilion. A. M. Thomson, the clerk of
the club, is punctuating the entries with
the sweat of his corrugated brow, while
genial Harry Carlton, the secretary,
wears an expansive smile and a bright
gunk Ha.
Among the additional cups and trophies
offered since the premium list was Issui <i
it is understood that George Crocker's
and H. A. wegener's will figure promi
nently. The American Mastiff I'lub has
offered a lung string for competition, in
cluding silver challenge cups, shields and
gold medals. The unique feature of the
show will be the parade of greyhounds in
tr, lining on the penultimate night (if the
show. After the parade the hounds will
line up before the judge for competition
for three silver cups, one each for the
best dog and bitch and one for the best
puppy. These cups will cost $50 each.
Such noted dogs as For Freedom, Fals?
Flatterer, Emm Pasha, Gladiator, Royal
Flush and over a hundred others will
figure in the parade and competition.
it should be distinctly understood that
no ptdlgree is required to show your dog.
A dog is judged in the ring— not what he
is, not for the qualities or defects of his
sire and dam. If your dog has no pedi
gree the American Kennel Club requires
the annual payment of 25 cents for listing
to entitle him to the privilege of exhi
bition under the rules of the club. For $1
a pedigreed dog can he registered, which
gives to the animal the added value of a
certified pedigree and enables him to be
shown during his lifetime without any
further expense. Registrations can be
made through the clerk of the San Fran
cisco Kennel Club, which will act as agent
for the owner.
Competition is rife among: the different
breeds. The St. Bernard Club promises
to bench 150 of the holy breed. Cocker
spaniels and fox terriers will probably
rank next. The Pacific Mastiff Club ex
pects to show about twenty-seven watch
dogs.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Had His Head Cut.
Charles Flood, living at 4G2 Eddy street,
while jumping off a car at Market stveet
and Grant avenue last evening, fell and
sustained an ugly scalp wound and an
abrasion of the forehead. He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital, where his in
juries were dressed t>y Police Surgeon
Weil.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
6t by wmm 99
FOR
Is no better cure than
Dp. Humphreys' Specifics
For Neuralgia, No. 8.
For Headache and Sick Headache,
No. 9.
For Dyspepsia, Indigestion and "Weak
Stomach, No. 10.
For Skin Diseases, Eruptions, Salt
Rheum and Erysipelas, No. 14.
For Rheumatism and Lumbago, No. 15.
For Whooping Cough, No. 20.
For Kidney Diseases, No. 27.
For Urinary Diseases, No. 30.
For other Specifics see Dr. Humphreys'
Manual; at drugstores, or sent free.
At druggists or sent prepaid; 25c and $1.
Humphreys' Med. Co., Cnr. William & John
Sts.. New York. Be sure to get
HUMPHREYS'
FAST SWIMMERS ENTERED.
Grand Afternoon Aquatic Entertain-
ment at Sutro Baths.
Some of tlte champion swimmers and
divers of the State are entered for the
contests which will be held Sunday after
noon in Sutro Baths. Lovers of aquatic
sport can count upon seeing races that
will certainly interest the most exacting
admirer of swimming. The entries are as
follows:
50-yard dash, novice— H. Irving, B. Emeriek.
H McKenzie, J. Carroll, A. Beyfuss, G. Adler.
50-yard dash. Juvenile— J. Benson, H. Dough
erty, W. Hurley, D. Karris, W. Connolly, C.
Donovan.
IliKh diving for boys— C. Donovan. T. Guerln,
O. Beyfuss, M. Sullivan, V. Freechtle. B.
Emerlek.
Obstacle race, through small tank— E. Win
field, G. O'Brien, C. Strohlln, F. ('lough, \V.
Hurley, H. Irvine-.
rndtr water swimming contest, open to all.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— H. Bran
don, D. McCann, B. Emeriek, T. Guerin, J.
Carroll, G. O'Brien.
The grand opening of the swimming
season at Sutro Baths will take place on
Sunday, April 30. The baths will then be
open nights and daily from 7 a. m. to
11 p. m.
ON PRESIDIO LINKS. -
On Tuesday mornins the following eight i
young ladies entered the eighteen-hole \
regular monthly competition for the Wins
low medal, with handicap: Miss M. B.
HougbtOH, scratch; Miss E. W. Morgan, j
10; Miss Mcßean, 10; Miss Carolan, 14; |
Miss Taylor, 14; Miss Crockett, 14; Miss
T. Morgan, 18, and Miss G. Carolan, 18.
\ ADVEBTISEMEKTS. __ ,
■ • " ■ ■ ■■*■
o{ \taV:e» CTlte ...^ partial ot »- \^ v<
/s A a marvelous *v o e^\ io^
f T « t^f fd^ s °r s££ \wm»
in tbe \^ artl 3 v ice and tt ~% detv ual. > in Sicate\ Wl re«
Ua»= ° f - D^'^Wet St.. \
is but an 1  ye • \\UV)fl
c farm on \ B days> J\^. rT^xaulating \W»
CLEVELAND
BICYCLES
40 and I
$50
LEAVITT & BILL, 1
309 Larkin St. |
Wheels sold on inst»l!m;ntt. M
Old wheels taken in exchange. M
$£& Olileheater'a Easlleh Diamond Brand.
f ENHYROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
J0 -^^v Orlarlnnl and Only Geniilne. £.
Vfaieiti'Z^Cktrhu'.tr'l £nglith D.«-&[\L
«*>ijß^»fSW\nion/£rcnrf In Ked »ud OoU meullicVV^
TTV --O4»;*j!)oie«. acalsd with blue ribbon. Take \&r
I*l %^WJBO other. Rtfutt dangtrout .-ukihru- v
I / ~ tiont and imitanmt. At DroggUli, or Kmd4«k
I %m JJt In «ttsip> for jpartlenUri, trstlmonluls »n4
VV* B " Kelldf for Ladle*, <n letUr. bt retan
■A [V Msli. l<>,0«» TMtimonUli. ITaat Paper.
, , r*"""r Ohli«he«ter Ckcado^ Co^MadUo* »qmar«,
fcl* k7 aU Local UrugglaU. PHILA ' > V.. IMr
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and specific tonlo
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
Bexee. and a greut remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A rreat Restorative.
InvlKorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NADER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
822 Market street, a F.— (Send for Circular.)
DDTTOUI7Q FOR barbers, bak-
bKUbil£ls -• 9e , bO °ffir3- taS
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cantier*. .
dyers, llouritillla. foundries, laundries, paper-
tmnpera. printers, painters, shoe factories
ktablemen. t«r-rnof»r«. tßnnprs. tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brash Manufacturer*. 609 Sacramento Sfe
Though no scores were recorded Miss Mc-
Bean was declared the winner.
The first annual championship meet
ing of the Pacific Northwest Golf Asso
ciation w*l be held on the links of the
Tacoma Golf Club on April 19 20 21 and
0 2 The executive committee having the
mpptincr in charge consists of C. B.
slah "c* midt of the Victoria Golf Club
president; Stuart Hire of the Tacoma
Golf Club, H. M. Hoyt of the Spokane
Country Club, J. C. Ai^wnrthof the
AV-ivprlv Golf Club. Portland, and fc,. A.
Strout of the Seattle Golf Club Entries
for the open championship events (which
are open to amateurs belonging to cluhs
on the Pacific Coast) will be received by
letter or telegraph up to 8 p. m. on rues
da The A men¥'cup of the Redlands Golf
Club was won last month by Dr. R. T
Allan with a net score of 41. J. H. Fisher
being second with a net score of 43. Other
scores were as follows: A. S. Auchmloss,
44; L. D. Schaffer, 44; E. A. Marsh 46;
A. E. Sterling, 47: G. E. Otis. 48. and 11.
M. Paine, 49. Tho ladies' cup was won
by Misa Otis with a score of*4 Mrs.
A"uchinloss going round in o7 Mrs. j. H.
Fisher in 59 and Mrs. Otis in 60. Two cups
are offered as prizes for this month 3
play.
Odd Fellows' District Meeting.
W. L. Owen, district deputy grand mas
ter, has arranged for a district meeting
of the Odd Fellows of District No. 67, to
be held on Thursday next in the hall of
Pacific Lodge. The following lodges will
participate: Ophir No. 171, Unity No 131,
Farnsworth No. 95, Pacific No. 100. Golden
AVest No. 322 and Alta No. 205, Golden
West Lodge has elected Past Grands B.
J Tryer, Horace V. Scott and W. A. 8.
Nicholson (re-elected) as Its representa
tives to the Grand Lodge.
WEEKLL CALL
j o( it Publish^ the Cream of th»
L) News or the Week and
; 3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
i ©< IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
-J PAPER ON TMB
PACIFIC COAST
I°j The Best \ / Mining
°\ Telegraphic \X Newc That
;ex Service on /n. Is Accurate
ol The Coast / \& up to data;
o^ y x __
oj . _
ex Not a Line of it Sensational
ck or Faky, and Not a Line of
:gj it Dry or Uninteresting.
CX Bright. Clean, A Champiod •!
_1 Tbouzbtful. ruth.
O< A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
,J . ALL THE TIME. <
O< JT^DVOaTES "TsLVT BY
Zj home MAIL, si
! =X WDLSTRIES 1 A YL4H.
Enlarged to 16 Pages
SgglDß. HALL'S VIGOR ATOR
gtgjS^Bgjg Five hundred reward for any
| r^ u—^i case we cannot cure. This secret
2 -ra mrxSt remedy stops all losses tn C 4
\s£m hour?, cures Emissions. Impo-
I /il -1 kVilll tency, Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea.
gal UU Gleet, Fits. Strictures, Lost
P*w%_Ri%Sl Manhood nnd all wasting effects
* —■■ - -of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
cealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5: guaranteed to
cure. Address HALLS MEDICAL INSTI-
TUTE. SSS Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also for
cal* at 107IH Market St.. S. P. All private dl»- •
! •ae*» quickly cured. Scad for tret book.ADVERTISEMENTS.
O % '• \ '*'•*-%% a . % % a . Si !i !i Ji ?2 SJ sjjj SBB 88 83 83 Si 83 8S 88 SJ Si Si
*
CITYOF||| PARIS
ss DRY GOODS COMPANY.
v ~
•• n f\J[ /\Ffel^Tk TkCfc"^^^ /^/\/\Tk^l
? COLORED DRESS GOODS!
« Our Importations Are Now Complete.
• , " ■ -i—
'I _ , Wo an. showing a magnificent asaortmont of aH the very latest
.. Fabru.s and Colormßs. Including SILK AND WOOL BAREGE, COL-
a ??i?P .vnHSpn SILK AND WOOL BAREGE GRENADINES, ENG-
s . LISII WORSTED SUITINGS, etc., etc.
;• , itwi lf> the 1 -°cannot E traord . lnary Values have to bo seen to be appre-
■ . N ' annot be duplicated.
li At $1.00 Yard
i; 52-inch ALL-WOOL CHEVIOTS, very Etylish, in all the new shades of
gray, castors, blues, tans. etc.
*I At $|.OO Yard
•^ 45-inch VIPORTED ALL-WOOL COVERT WHIPCORD, a most desir-
•' able fabric for traveling and street wear.
At $1.75 Yard
it 52-inch ENGLISH SATIN-FINISHED COVERT VENETIANS, a very
5* handsome material.
S At $2.00 Yard
*. 56-inch DOUBLE-FACED SUITINGS, plain face, with check or plaid
£ backs; the latest for golf and bicycle suits..
i* UY hnvo lately received another large shipment of our celebrated
•* SATIN VENETIAN CLOTH (which never loses its finish), all new
# . COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND. PROMPTLY FILLED.
• i
:• CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
•* S. E. Corner 6«ary and Stockton Streets, San Francisoo.
!^ UNION SQUAItE.
*
o?; % ?i '. *. *. '. '. *. *. '. '. '. '. n '. *. % ?g \ •, '. \ S3 ?i «s g 5 •. •. •. •♦ •
NEWS FOR ANGLERS.
Good Catches of Trout Are Being
Made by Those Who Know
How to Fish.
i. 1. Coon fished on
• m Tocoloma
and Satur
. both returning
trout respectively, of
Ight inches. Coon
uty, about eight
lit— pre-
■ -the flsh dropped off
. tnd dlsapp<
Watt will capture
■ • • ■. : Bad over
rked 1 I thaf
•rout he had ever
; . .. ■ .
■np to this particular
■ ld( nticol fly" hr>
k "the identical" fish; and
::■■• be caught
i he be so fortunate as to
A large number of anglers tramped
through the Paper Mill and Lagunitas
creeks last Saturday and Sunday... A few
of the careful movers did remarkably
well, Th.- most successful of the stream
ppors were T'fll Oioper-, 'Alex. S. Ire
■ i. W. L. Mi'iler. "Bill" . Cooriey -find
I'.t- rt Spring, who fished the LagunitH.s,
. . . Iji. i.i.i'iks. Charles Cate, Frank Dol
'.:•.• r and Otto Hransdorff, who angled
on the Paper Mill at Point Reyi Bta.
tion.
H. F. Reid and John Lawrence visited
Boulder Creek last Saturday. They fishea
Kings Creek and the headwaters of the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVE YOU
r BEEN CURED?
X "Health and Disease are conditions on which
iif;*nl pleasure and sorrow, happiness or un-
happiness, success or failure. Health makes a
man equal to any ■rgenry. Disease makes
him unequal to the .-dinary duties of life.
It is economy to be well."
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
i ,^H 8
mm f@3 * ff\
yj '-. IKS J *32r fe^j f-
- J V-L jui I Hrn
g mm£l^MM %
DOCTOR SWEANY,
TEE OLD RELIABLE SPECIALIST,
(22 Years' Experience),
Offices at 73T Market St., San Fruncisco,
Where the sick and afflicted. can receive treat-
ment In the future, as they have In the past,
from the ablest and most fiuccesgful specialist
of the age. Some doctors fall because of treat-
ing the wrong disease; others from not knowing
the right treatment.
NO MISTAKES HERE AND NO FAILURES,
References — nest Hanks, Merchants and
BudneM Men in the city.
In reeking treatment the following qualifica-
tions Bhould be taken into consideration:
Ability, experience, skill and an established
u t atlon f° r
RELIABILITY!
I All of which are posKensed by Dr. Sweanf. and
jir<> necessary for the successful and satisfac-
tory •■ \tmeat of any 'lis*>ajse.
NERVOUS DEBILITY tending ailmentsof
YOUNG. MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN.
The awful effects of neglected or Improperly
treated capes, causing drains, weakness of the
t'dy nnd brain, . .■ .-.-...- . failing memory,
lack of energy and confidence, palnß in the
>fi<-k. loins and kidneys and many other dls-
tr<-«Eing symptoms, unfitting one for study,
V'j?!ness or enjoyment of . life. . Dr. Sweany's
special ■ stment will cure you, no matter who
-':.>- failed. V^B
WFAIf MFM lj " vl or and ***uty ™-
liLMrv lilLlli i-tored to weak men. Organs
of th" body which have been weakened or
fhrunk*n through diseases, overwork, excesses
<r indiscretions are restored to full power,
Etrensuh and vigor by his successful system of
tr"^.tmpnt.
PIIPTIIDC Cured by his new method without
nUI lUilLuse of knife or detention from
work— « painless, f-ure and permanent cure.
i/ARIPfIPFI F Hydrocele. swelling and ten-
VMniUUULLL derness of the glands treat-
I with unfailing success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON T^\
<:■,'■* of the blood promptly and thoroughly
- >d and • •■ rv trace of the poison eradicated
I ti the system foieverj
VATE DISEASES, %£%?"?•* c dl 8:
I. If neglected or Improperly treated.
.k down the system and cause kidney dls-
' '*'-. 't'-.. permanently cured.
f I PPTRIPITY Static, Galvanic and Fa-
.null I i rndic Electricity sclentlfl-
•iy ufp<l and ■ 'lied In all Its modern forms
conjunction with special medical treatment ]
'■asps where It can be of benefit.
i WrtiTF r ' you cannot call at his office, fully
\. v L ribins your symptoms and you
•11 ic-r-ivp In plain envelope a scientific and |
"'■ opinion : of your case and a book of '
r'f« '^formation free of charge. ;'
".l.'r- h'urs 9 a m. to 5 p. m. and 6:30 to
■g- nl Pundays, iO a. m. to 2 p. m. Call at
fl 'l!rc cr atiires*
f.J -BW£ai i .M.D^7B7M»rk«tßt.,B»nFr»n«iieo.Oil
ban Lorenzo with very poor success.
Jneir complaint was that the trout
would not take a fly and that they had
no bait to tempt the denizens.
Alexander Bain fished on the Calaveras
Creek last week, landing a few fair sized
i.C He 8a / S that thf * stream is ally*
with smal fish and that quite a number
of good sized trout are in the deep pools
but that they would not take any kind
oi a line, from a Bpihner to an angle
■ 'Tin.
Phil Bekeart, H. McMurchy, Dr. E. N
bhort and families departed from this city
yesterday for a two-week outing in the I
wilds of >iendocino County. Every sports
man in the State who has snapped at a
pigeon— animate or inanimate— from a i
txan ls acquainted with either Bekeart or
McMurchy. Sufficient to say that they '
are champions of the game of pull and
hit, bui bo far as trout ilshing 1.- con
cerned there are many fijsclples of Walton
who will be irprised to learn that the
crack pigeon grassers have on this occa
rton discar the gun for the rod. Bek
eart contends that he Is as clever with
the rod as he is with the iron Instrument
and can easily discern the difference b<
tween a Dolly Varden and a Loch Leven
or steelhead trout, but McMurchy Is mod
est and contends that people do* riot Irve j
long enough on this earth to become mac- j
tere -of two games. Dr. Short, although
an authority on the kind of angling that
pertains to the sea, do< a not profess to
.have a wide knowledge of the habits or
oha-ra'cveristics of artadromous fishes; con
sequently he will avoid as far as possible
any discussion that may arise during the |
outing relative to the varieties of fresh j
water fishes that are indigenous to the
rivers and streams of Mendocino County.
' Tne sportsmen are, however, supplied
with divers kind of tackle that should
tempt the most exacting Bekeart Dolly
Varden to sample. Lures of the feathered
kind or that which Phil used during mess
when a boy, commonly called a spoon, |
will be tried on many streams which are I
far distant from the common herd of j
local stream trampers.
William Meyers of Cazadero, charged
with fishing by means of dynamite in
Austin Creek, was held for trial last Mon- I
day at Santa Rosa in the Superior Court, 1
with bail fixed at $600. This is tho right
move in the right direction.
The Vallejo Chronicle goes after the:
poachers in this manner, ft says:
It has been reported to some of our sport
loving citizens that the guilty parties (mean
ing the .owners and users of the captun and
destroyed net) bail from Napa, and it is fur
ther said that Green Valley trout are openly
Bold In Napa markets. It Is a shame that these
poachers cannot be caught in their work an.l I
given the punishment they so richly deserve. j
The Fish r<..mmisf-ion refused a COU] of
ypars ago ,n supply any more flFh to Napa
County because of the Illegal fishing there,
•which the authorities made no attempt to Btip
press. Now that their streams no longer fur
nish them with fish they come over into Bo
lano County to poach on the preserves where
Vallejoltes have insured good eport to legiti- j
mate fishermen. We are also tol dthat riant
Sowder has been used In Wild Horse Valley
dam.
The Supervisors of Marln County, at
a meeting held la.«t Thursday, took no
action regarding the proposed ordinance
for stopping the shipment of game or fish
out of Marln County. In fact, the pro
posed ordinance is a dead feature.
The following letter from a prominent
angler of Santa Cruz County will be read
with much interest by the lovers of trout
fishing:
SANTA ORVZ. April 14. UW.
Editor Call: A party of friends and I have
-Just returned from our first trout outing for
thi3 season. -'We- had good luck, although the
fact Is noticeably evident that trout are be
coming more scarce each succeeding year, yet
there are no better trout streams In this State
than those of Santa Cruz County.
As we sat around the campflre at night dis
ctlßßlng the. matter, we all attributed the causi
of this scarcity of trout to the month nf com-'
m<-'ncem»nt nf the open season, because of the
females caught on' this first trip we found near
ly every on* full of spawn. N'iw, for every one'
of such fish caught, hundre ' of prospective
fish were destroyed at the same time. There
are probably thousands of anglers out after
these beauties and tho destruction Is Increased
ln*Vroi>ortlon, of course.
At the present rate of decreose-^-and I speak
from careful observation and personal expe
rience—but a few years will elapse until our
fishing will be worthless, or else the State
hatcheries will be required to double the
amount of stock placed in the streams. Could
th<" month of beginning of open season for
trout be May Instead of April, as .-it present,'
nil this needless waste and destruction would
be avoided.
Tii-- Supervisors of our county— Santa Cruz
extended the open reason from November 1 to
December 1. In order to Include salmon trout,'
%vhich Is all right concerning trout of which I
Kpcak; but the gentlemen have no power to
change, the opening month Of the season.
The Idea has .-•■1 to me that If sports
men all over the State would concern them
selves about this matter and -present the facts
to the members of the Legislature, the open
ing month for trout might be changed from
Atnil to May Instead, and while that would
delay our sport a month every year. H would
also increase our catch and aFMst nature and
the hatcheries at th<- same time.
True sportsmen ! cannot •■ hHp feeling guilty
when taking trout in the month of April, al
though such fishing is entirely lawful. Yours
for good.trputlng. . F. COATEB.
For the information of the writer and
those interested In shooting and fishing
the State 'Legislature of two years ago
pave Supervisors, of the counties the
power to shorten the fishing and game
seasons at their pleasure, but they must
not extend them.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh «t.. corner Mission. Salt water,
direct from ocean
What We Know of the Stars.
Professor Armin O. Leuschnor, Ph. D..
dirertor of the Students' Observatory at
the University of California, delivered a
lecture on "What W« Know of the Stars"
last evening: in tho Mechanics' Institute.
He anoke of the number, size -nnd dis
tances and of the influence th« Btars exert
in the planetary system, and a l«rce au
dience v...:- prcatly interested In the lec
turer's remarks.
Advances made on furniture and pinjio?, with
r without removal. 'J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mlealon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1899.
BRENNEKE WAS
STRUCK WITH A
BROOM-HANDLE
Was Trying to Wreck
a Saloon.
HIS SKULL WAS FRACTURED
CORONER'S JURY RENDERS A
VAGUE VERDICT.
■
Saloon-Keeper Anderson Said to Have
Broken the Stick Upon the Sail
or's Head to Protect His
Property.
Adnlph Anderson, proprietor of the
inavian saloon on Montgomery
avenue, near Jackson street, was brought
before Coroner Hill yesterday morning to
attend the inquest on the body of William
Brenneke, the sailor who was taken out
of Anderson's saloon with a fractured
skull last Tuesday morning. It was al
leged that Anderson had broken the sail
or's head with a stick. Robert Ferra.l ap
peared as counsel for Anderson.
Joseph Bausch and Charles Johansen
were the principal witnesses. It appeared
I that all the parties were drunk in Ander
son's saloon and that Johansen and
1 Brenneke engaged in a fight in front of
: the counter. Brenneke being knocked
(i'lwn and receiving two black eyes. The
fighters were separated by Anderson, who
: hit Johansen in the back of the neck with
his lift and threw him out of the saloon.
! Brenneke, enraged at being whipped,
' picked up a chair and proceeded to use it
as a flail on the furniture of the saloon.
: Anderson thereupon struck him on the
i hrad with a broomstick. The blow felled
Brenneke to the floor and rendered him
unconscious. The police were summoned
and the injured sailor was taken to tha
City Kfcefvlng Hospital, where he be
came violently insane and died the next
day.
Dr. Zabala. autopsy surgeon for the
Coroner, found that the dead man's skull
had been fractured and that a ppllntt-r
of wood had penetrated the brain just
over the eve. The piece of wood came
from the broomhandle.
The material discrepancy between the
testimony ctf Bausch and that of Johan
s< n was that as to the tight, Johansen
swearing that he did not remember hav
ing come to blows with Hrenneke and
Bausch swelling that Johansen kicked
Brenneke after he had knocked him down.
The broomstick was broken in three
pieces. The end of it had a groove cut
in it, and had been used to turn on the
gap in front of the saloon.
The Jury returned a verdict to the ef
that Hrennekf came to his death
from cerebral hemorrhage due to fracture
of the skull "and that said death was a
r. suit of injuries received }U the hands
of a person or persons unknown."
The verdict was approved by Coroner
Hill.
T. R. BANNERMAN, MANAGER.
Big Dry Goods Firm of J. J. O'Brien
& Co. Reorganized.
The tiig dry goods house of J. J. O'Brien
& Co. (Incorporated) will hereafter be
under the sole management of Thomas R.
Bannerman in consequence of the recent
retirement from the linn of James
O'Brien, which necessitated a reorgani
zation of the corporation. At a meeting
of the stockholders yesterday the follow
ing directors were elected:
Mrs. J. J. O'Brien, Gerald I. O'Brien,
Joseph J. O'Brien. Thomas R. Banner
man. James A. Haran, Thomas P. Crow- i
ley and William Swanton. Mrs. O'Brien
is the widow and Gerald I. and Joseph J.
O'Brien the sons of the founder of the
house. The four other directors are
well known in the community and their
ability and experience are sufficient guar
antee that the extensive business of the
tirm will be still further increased under
their direction.
At the conclusion of the stockholders'
meeting the directors organized by elect
. Ing Thomas R. Bannerman president and
manager, Mrs. J. J. O'Brien vice presi
dent and Gerald I. O'Brien secretary.
While the firm of J. J. O'Brien & Co.
■ Is recognized as one of the largest and
most substantial dry goods houses in the
city, carrying a stock of goods complete
in every particular, it is the Intention
of the new management to place it ahead
of all competitors, and If energy, brains
and ample capital can accomplish this re
sult success should be assured,' and with
this end in view It is stated that the capi
tal stock will soon be Increased.
■ ♦ ■
Good pianos for rent at Mauvais 769
Market street. •
MADE FACES AT HIM.
Ida F. Nolan Shows in Court Her
Hatred and Contempt for Her
Brother-in-Law.
Ida F. Nolan, who attempted to mur
d< r her brother-in-law, Alfrpd Roscnthal,
at the family rf'sldencf. 1623 Bush ptrett,
on Friday night, was arraigned In Judge
Graham's murt yesterday morning on th'
charge of assault to commit murder. The
Judge fixed her bonds In $3000 and con
tlnued the ca«e till April in.
Rosenthftl was In court and during the
r- ading of tho complaint apalnst her she
continued to make faces at him and plain
ly phowed her hatred and contempt for
him. As she was led away to the Cltj
Prison ?he phook her fist in Rosenthal's
face as she passed him. When seen later
she said:
"That man Roaenthal is a schemer and
a Ruppian pauper. Just think of it. Ho
tried tn marry me three works after my
siPter died. All he wants is to get my
mother's property, and he has got her so
that he can wrap her around his fingers.
Recently, while she was sirk, be Wanted
her to deed the propr-rty over to him and
I had all 1 could <Jo to prevent it. He has
been trying for months to force me out of
my horn.- and 1 could stand It no longer."
Last night Miss Notan was released on
a $3000 hrrnd, which was furnished hy her
mother and which was .accepted by Judge
Graham. Before he consented to release
her Judge Graham had the woman faith
fully promise that she would not make,
another attempt on the life of her brother
in-law.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FULL SET OF
UHHTTK]
LT □ □
WITH PAINLESS EXTRACTION
DENTAL PARLORS.
A NEW PREACHER AT
HOWARD STREET CHURCH
REV. WALTER MYRON LOWELL, Who Will
Exhort This Morning.
THE congregation of Howard-street M. E. Church, of which Rev. J. A.
B. Wilson is the pastor, will have an intellectual treat this morning, if
all accounts be true, in listening to the exhortations of a young divine
who only arrived in this city last evening. Rev. Walter Myron Lowell
comes as a bird of passage with the highest indorsements from djgnltaries
of his church. He is an elder of the Methodist Episcopal church and is on
his way to Germany. Bishop Newman, Drs. Wilson, Case, Carroll, Burn
side, Hartapee, Bovard, Evans and Lamont, General Bidwell and a host of
others speak for his merits as author, preacher, lecturer and friend. The
press, according to a pamphlet compiled by his friends, is unanimous in his
favor.
Mr. Lowell will speak this morning on "Pivoted, or the Parting of the
Ways." After one or two lectures here he will proceed on his way to Ger
many, where he hopes to recuperate from the effects of his labors in the
missionary field.
SHORT-ENDERS' DAY AT
UNION COURSING PARK
FLEET MYSTIC MAID SUCCUMBS
TO LADY GILMORE.
Connemara Is the Favorite for the
Open Stake. With Black Dia
mond in the Lead for the
Puppy Prize.
Between 500 and fiOO people journeyed out
to Union Coursing Park yesterday to Bee
the dogs run, and they were rewarded
by witnessing some good Bport. notwith
standing the. fact that most ot the courses
were unusually short. No less than a
dozen shortenders won the flag in the
open stake, and considerable money
changed hands. The biggest surprise of
the day was the defeat of Mystic Maid
by Lady Gilmore, alto 10 shot. False
Flatterer, an 8 to 1 favorite, got the de
cision over Leonidas, and Flush, who was
quoted at 7 to 1 over Seminole, also lost.
In the latter case luck had a great deal
to do with the result. Flush leading and
turning the hare back to Seminole, who
■was therefore enabled to count Beveral
points which the favorite had no oppor
tunity to overcome, as the course was a
*hort one. Beauty Spol was also pre
s.-nted with a victory over Firm Friend,
a 1 to 1 favorite In a fluky course.
Connemara. the favorite for the stake,
heat White Chief in a short course quite
handily at odds of 2 to 1. St. Oran. sec
ond choice for the stake, beat Jersey
Lily hut his running was not up to ex
pectations, and he will have to do much
better to-day to stand any show with
Connemara. The crazy Jassamy beat
Magneto and then played her old trick of
running away, causing a long delay be
fore she was captured and returned to the
kennels. L. S. Conley beat the 5 to 1 fa
vorite, Royal Prize, after running a "no
go " Magnet beat Black Hess at 2 to 5
and Trinket beat Minneapolis at 1 to 2.
The two recently arrived Texas dogs, Sil
ver Wings and Silver Lyon, ran well, con
sidering they are practically just off the
cars Silver Lvon succeeded in beating
the injured Sharkey and Silver Wings was
beaten by Nida. Highborn Lady beat
Petronius at 2 to 5 after a "no go."
In the Puppy stake Black Diamond, re
cently brought down from Petaluma by
D J Healey, beat Flrenzl, and Master
I awrence beat Moss Rose. Black Dia
mond is the fastest puppy that ever ran
at the park and will probably meet Mas
ter Lawrence, another very fast puppy, in
the ilnals. The former opened at 20 to 1
In the long book and the latter at lo to 1.
St Elmo also ran in good form, beating
I both Santa Ana and Santa Inez. Follow
ing are the results:
Funny stake: First round— Perlgo's
Pretty Girl beat Connell Bros.' St. Helen;
Connell Bros.' Mammy Pleasant beat K.
E de B. Lopez's Santiago; J. Pcrigo
Lady Davenport beat J. I. Farley's Cash
Day D J. Healey's Black Diamond beat
J O''shea's Young Flrenzl; Dr. Leonard's
Master Lawrence beat T. J. McHugh's
Mo«s Rose: E. Bauermeister's Winning
Ways beat D. Hooper's Morse Patrol;
Fred Herring's St. Elmo heat R. E. de B.
Lopez's Santa Ana; R. E. de 13. Lopez s
Santa Inez beat D. J. Healey Maggie N.
M Tierney's Mary Ann beat J. l'erlgo's
Onward; J. H. Harrison's Hot Haste beat
j. O'Sheas Tiger Lily. '
Second Mammy Pleasant beat
Pretty Girl; Black Diamond beat Lady
Davenport; Master Lawrence beat "Win
ning ways; St. Elmo beat Santa Inez;
Mary Ann beat Hot Haste.
Open stake: First round— Eagans
Mayflower' beat Larkey and Rock's Mi
nerva; Yosemite kennel's Beauty Spot
beat Pasha kennel's Finn Friend; Pasha
kennel's Emm Pasha beat J. Seggerson's
Candelarla; Handy & Smith's Ida beatE.
Fitzpatrick's Free Silver Boy; J. OSheas
Young America beat Lord & Herbst's
Kerry Gow; W. F. Hobbs' Mercy May
beat T. Sullivan's Maid of the Hill; James
Dean's Connemara beat J. Seggerson's
White Chief; T. F. Logan's Miss Grizzle
beat Kay and Trant'.s Crosspatch; F. Mo
ran's False Flatterer beat M. London's
Leonidas; Lord and Herbst's Revolver
beat J. Byrnes' Nellie B; J. Byrnes' Elev
en Spot beat J. Connell's Senorita; E. M.
Kellogg's Kid • McCoy beat H. Macdou
gall's Spindle; J. Byrnes' Battleship beat
H. A. Deckelman's Glen Roy; Rincon ken
nel's Swedish beat F. Brown's Sweet
Brier; George H. Burfeind's Pastime a
bye, Mohawk Injured; Lowe and Thomp
son's Jessamy beat • M. London's Magneto;
Erwln and Lyon's Silver Lyon beat M.
London's Sharkey. ■
G. J. Panarlo's Highflyer beat J. McCor- I
mlck's White Tip; J. McNeill's Sportsman
beat Pasha Kennels' Sylvia; Lowe &
Thompson's High Born Lady beat Handy
& Smith's Petronius; Kay & Trant's
Eclipse a bye, Mira *lonte injured; D. J.
Healey's Rusty Gold beat Handy &
Smith s Victor Queen; Pasha Kennel's
Metallic beat W. Creamer's The Devil; 11.
Lynch's Lottie M. beat J. Keenan's Fly
ing Buck; F. Moran's Golden Russet beat
G. Lahnsen's Wheel of Fortune; J. P.
Farley's Mystic beat Joseph Perry's Black
Chief; Dennis & Porter's Interesting beat
R. McLaughlln's Admiral Dewey; J. Seg:
fersen's Gold Hill beat W. Fingler's Van
mp; F. A. McCombs' Motto beat Larky
& Rock's Myrtle: J.J.Edmond's Morning
Glory beat Ed Evatt's Vigilant; J.
Byrnes' Seminole beat F. A. McCombs'
Flush; J. J. Warren's Swe«t Llpß beat J.
Byrnea' Olympua; Handy & Smith's Jen
_nle Wilson be»t J.. MoCormlck's JKJilte
I Lily; Daley & Siebein's Shylock Boy beat
J. Maher'a Soubrette; H. A. Deckelman's
I Lawrence heat F. Moran's Snapshot;
Pasha Kennels' Miller Rabbie beat M.
Nealbn'a Menlo; .1. P. Thrift's Brutus beat
s. Harrison's Our Climate; Yosemite Ken
nel's Lamplighter beat F. I>. Fallon's Lily
o' the West; A. L. Austins Trinket beat
R. E. de B. Lopez 1 Minneapolis; George
Whitney's Theron heat James Dean's
Moondyne; I'M Wilson's Magnet beat
James Dickson's Block Hess; l-\ M. Kel
logg's Lady Gilmore beat H. Lynch's
Mystic Maid; S. Hansen's L. S. Conley
beal George H. Burfeind's Royal Prize;
Lowe & Thompson's St. OraYi beat W.
Creamer's Jersey Lily; J. Keenan's Fear
not beat J. F. Halton'e Tic Tac; J. P.
Thrifts Forget beat Joseph Perry's Com
modore; C. F. Brown's Nida beat Erwln
& Lyon's Silver Wings: Handy & Smith's
Victor beat H. A. Deckelman's Prince
George.
The finals will he run to-day.
Gamma Phi Beta Luncheon.
Eta Chapter of Gamma Phi Beta of tho
University of California gave an enjoy
able luncheon yesterday at tho California
Hotel. Besides the alumnae and active
members of the chapter at Berkeley there
were present Miss Muses of Stanford
University, Miss Greenwold of Boston
University and Miss Guppy of Ann Ar
hor, Mich. Covers were laid for thirty
five. Impromptu responses to various
toasts added largely to the interest of
the affair.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sure Rupture Cure.
Remarkable and Convincing Evidenoe of the
Now Famous Rice Method and Its
Ceriainty to Cure.
An Aurora Man's Experience and Recovery
Will Interest Any One Afflicted
With Rupture.
More than twelve years ago a machinist in
the toolroom of the C. B. and Q. R. R. shops
at Aurora, 111., met with an unfortunate acci
dent, causing a bad rupture. He was given
expert medical treatment and used what was
considered a good truss, but no improvement
'■ was noted. After frequent experiments with
| other trusses and treatments he got hold of a
f- GEORGE O. PLUMMER.
little pamphlet written by Dr. Rice of Adams,
N. V., and ns it was a new Idea the method
was tried and Improvement began immediately.
In a few weeks the oufferer was entirely cured.
This hapi>ened twelve years ago and is now
I given publicity in order to offset the popular
1 notion that . a surgical operation is the only
! way to cure rupture. Men and women who
; have been wearlntr trusses all their lives
i should write to r>r. Rico for particulars of his
i method. He makes no charge for advice. The
machinist referred to above is George O. Plum-
mer. 356 La Salle street. .Aurora, 111., and a
prominent member of the Willard Methodist
Episcopal Church. , . .
• Mr. Plumraer hasn't worn his truss for
twelve years, and as his work In the railroad
I shops Is trying to. his muscles his permanent
cure of a bad rupture Is certainly sufficient to
I interest other unfortunates who are going
through life in misery. Write to I>r. W. S.
Rice, 418 P, Main street, Adams, is*. V., and he
will send a complete and detailed description of
his method whereby you can cure your rupture
at home without pain, danger, operation or de-
tention from business. Write at once. • ■
I C DDIIU'C FOR KITH Kit SEX.
IX DRUn OThiK remedy being in
jjn.»«rt directly to the
G" gg± seat of those diseases
Q c ■■of the Oenito-Urlnary
Xt fill Organs, requires no
IYI lichanse of diet. Cure
.^^- WBH guaranteed In 1 to 8
-S»y«. (Small plain pack-
DTTIi We. by mall, SI.OO,
I \3 U XV JlßKold only by
QEO. ■ DAHLBENDKR & ' CO., Sol* ■ Jifßta,
. 1 U4 Ke&rxur San FnuwUca. pUL,- - .- __i.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. _
BEFORE DURING AFTER
SPRING FEVER, MALARIA, WASTING DISEASES
USE
ft WSRLD FAMQUSI Vg N
*?»££? I MARIANUWiNE.JONIG
■ •kJrrC^J Braces body and brain and soothes and
r. """" sustains the system. YIN MARIANI has been
endorsed by the medical profession and press since 1863, on
both continents. ,•;
. Write to MAKIANI '& CO., 52 W. 15th St., New York, for
book of endorsements, portraits, etc., free.
Sold by Druggists Everywhere. Avoid Substitutes. Beware of Imitations
KNIFE or PAIN
\\y)&Bgk^^f Uo Pay until ''"RED
|^ j ' BP*^ woman's breast is
lUlffiff '... cancer. Faceandlip
also common places
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S.P.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
a n ft - Hi n f — -^
THE HOME REMEDY SnjSi
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS inh.,t
wr'mg. For all these pains, irr«Eularities and dlfflcultiet no
remedy on earth <h •->>-><> fl!/v E«*ily«pplied by ladyh'r-
tqu«t famous^anO-KIO solf.TKelleve* all pal I
hiSSHSSA In \f~omb or Ovaries In 10 minute-.
KjMg&Siyß P^mptly rrtitTes Headache, Sau^f a. Blood and
|K?*gKM Bladder Troubles, FaintnfMi, Nervousness, Few
Ky ?*i anl r > "Pon <1 ' nc >'- t'ured I*ocorrhcr», Wor..<
JBjkS- t£xi Complaints, Displacements, Backache, H--.,nj
B«< D<nvn riirs > nrt aII Femaln Disorden. >e»K
Jn/r ' • Soreness and Ulcerationiijf-*'a\
U I^S6^-^OTK ; ''cer« the sptriU and VltpllieoW lI J
1 M^-^Jp^^thp "hole frame. Kale, Kure and VCTtf
Abdulutely Ilarmlemi. One 60 c?nt bos will
oomplet« « cure in ordinary eases.
PAIM SOLO BY all DRUGGISTS,
01 \H O ALL Hill ot mailed in plain wrapper on receipt
IN I J MINUTES The Perfrcto Co.Caiton ßide. Chleaico
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
I was afflicted with J^fT*^^±.
catarrh last autumn.
During the month of i£&jff9jß'iißf®s\
October I could neither AJtrrfyvL J^D/
taste nor smell and VF 3^^§f
could hear but little. C^x <*^J
Ely's Cream Balm jT^i^vf
cured Marcus Geo.
Shautz. Rahway, N. J. § Him in m 1
Cream Balm Is placed into nostrils, spreads i
over the membrane and ib absorbed. Relief Is
immediate and a cure follows. It Is not drying
— do^s not produce sneezing. LarKe siz-. »0c;
at drugirists or by mall: trial size. 10c, by mall. ;
ELY BROTHERS, E6 Warren St.. New York, i
. : I
Q Vi,it DB. JORDAN'S Greu, I
fgjlt Museum of Anatomy
I ¥l?ll 1051 UIZZU ST- tet - £th 4 7th, 2. P. o»l
S fta H' ' Th * Largest of lUkin4inthe : Trorl4i ' .
Srflilla DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
|JJW|t JL.. Consultation ftee. tTr'.lii for Hook , !
1 I phil9S0 P h y °*^Marriage.
BAILROAD TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO. i
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Firry, Foot oif Market St,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30- p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips a.t 1:60
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave "Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
, 1 April 16, 1 :
Week Sun- 1599. ,Sun- Week
Days. I days. Destination. clays. ] Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, J0:40 am! 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am 1 Petaluma,' 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Gioverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am | Hoplond and . 10:25 am I
3:30 pm| 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm j
7:30 am| 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm • 6:20. pm
7:30 am | 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am S;4O am
and
t 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
•7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. jl0:40 am|lo:2s am
• 3:30 pm 5:00 pm I 7:36 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville tor Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, S"iln Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, .Blue. Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake; Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvijle,
BoonevlUe, Philo, . Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, WhltPslioro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal. Willltts. Laytonville, Cum-
mlng's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
•Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.  j
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points '
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle bMg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILJj VALUBY.
AND SAN RAFAKL..
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O. »9:30. 11:00 a. m.: "1:45.
1:46. 6:16, •6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11: p. to.
BUNDAYB - •8:00. •10:00. "11:30 a. m.; 'I:!*,
»:CO. »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
from SAN Rafael to SAN FKANCIBCO.
WEEK DAYS - r.:25. '6:35. 7:45. *S:3O a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20, «3:48. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:20. *8:00. *10:00. 'IIiSS a. m.;
•1:15, •3:10, 4:40, «6:20 p. rnr- -
Tralns marked ♦ start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN 3"RANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:55, 9:40 a. m.;
12:55, 2:45. 8:50.- 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS an Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at, 7:00 p. m. ,
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m. : 12:05. ZliO. 3:20.
• :CO. 6:20 p. m.
v: • , THROUGH TRAINS. .
1:20 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
t:00 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's. j
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto Terry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday*
«ept. 11. 189S:
Week Days— a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Bundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:80 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, *l.
¥HOB. C4X)K * SON. As«ata. m Itufeat
u»tM«u B*a FrtncJitc«. :■-",- \
BAILBOAXi TBAVEL.
S4MJTHKRH l'A«irit: CU3IPAMT.
(PACiriC SVSTKM.)
TmllM Ifiiif it ml Mre tine to nrrlT* at
• NAN fr'KAN4'IM4'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From April 9, 1899. — arkivb
•G:OOa Is'iles, San Jose and Way Stations... •»>4.la
7:OOa. Benioia, Suiaun and Sacramento 8:43p
7:OOa Marysrllle, OroTlileaud Reddiug *ia
Woodlaud B»48r
T:OOa Khnira. Vacaville and Rumsey 8:43
7:30 a. Martinez, nau Kamon, Vallejo, Napa,
OalUtoga and Santa Rosa 0:15 p
8:00 a Atlautio Kxpress, Ogden and Bast.. *:*."ir
SiIIOa Sau .lose, Livermore, Btoekhni,
lone, Saoraioeuto, Plao.rville,
Maiy«»ille, Chlco. Iteil Klutl 4i1.1p
Si SO a •iMilton. Oakdale and bonora *il3p
9iOOa. Martinez. Tracy, Latfaxop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno ISti sp
BiOOa Fresno, Bakersuelrt. Santa Harliara,
Lob Angeles, Demiug, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 6:45 p
1O:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43r
12:OOm Niles, Li»ermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Forterville 4:IOp
•l:OOp Sacramento Kifer Steamers *8:00r
4:»iir Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vallejo,
Najia, CallstoKa. Smita Rosa VilSa
4toor Benicia, VacaviUe. Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing.
MarysTille, Oroville 10:43 a
4:»OrNiles, San .lose and Stockton 7:13p
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond lS<lsr
S:OOp The Owl. Fresno, Bakersneld, San-
ta Barbara, Lo* Angeles 9i45a
"Jsioop P»cWc Coaßt Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock. Bt.
Louis, Chicago and East tS:43A
StSOp Stockton, Merced. Fresno 18:l3p
3:aoi> Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and I, as Angel«s .. B>4Ba
BtSWp Hmitti Vc Route, Atlantic Kipress
fur Mojavo and Kitst 6i43p
6:AOpKuropeiiu Mall, Ogden aud Kast.... 9:43 a
O:o«i* Haywards, Nilea and Han Jose 7:43
•6:0«p Vallejo 13i13r
7iW(»p OriV'H I'.Jl'i Sacramento, Mary*-
vllle, ReiMliiß. Portland. Puget
Miiiinilaiid lOast 7i4S*
ISiOOp Vallejo, Port CosU and Way Sta-
tions J10:l>0p
flO:O3p Sunset Limited. Fresno, Tos
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and Kant ll:13f
SAX LBAKDBO AMI HAYWAItDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 Melroxe, Si'iniiiiiiy I'urk, f 6:*sa
8:00 a HtfhlinrK, KlmlnirHt, C|9:lSa
(9:OOa Smii l.c-inilio. Nontli San £M>:l.*. »
lO.OOa J.i-iiikli-o. r-til.li!lo, 10:45 a
»1I:OOa Lorenzo, lierry < t11:45\
i3:«Op a ,,,| 12:15p
•2 :H " P lU>u.ir.U. <*■***
'■' OOp i Runs thrown t,, Nlles '% : \¥
J I From Nileß j. *****
COAST IMVlsloN iNnrroir (•unire).
(Foot of Market Street.) __^
}7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations {SiO»p
Bjl3a Newark, Centerritle.San Jone.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
■ • Stations 5«30f
•2«15p Newark. CwjterTille, San Jose, N™
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations J 0:30 a
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:»©a.
Mi 15p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
ti..na ". /o:2l>a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fromSAS HUHCISCO— foot of M»rket Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:1)0 11:011*. v. 11:00 *2:00 t3:00
•1:00 t5:00 *6:00 p.m.
From OtKLAXD— foot of Bra»dw«T.— "B:00 8:00 10:00*. M.
>12:00 *l:00 t2:00 *3:00 tl:QO »8:00r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad «»nge).
(Third nnd Towpsend 3t».)
•O:IOa South San Francisco, »6:30p
•7:OOa San Jose »m«1 Way Stiitluiin (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) I"iOp
J7:Boa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Sant* Cruz. Puclfio Grove and
Principal Way Stations «8 ,85f
9:00 a Hun .liiFc, Ttea Plnos, Maiita Cruz,
Paciflc (»ro»e. Paso Rubles, San
I - vis Oliln|>o, Guadalupe, Surf aud
Principal Way Statimis 4tl«p
lOi4Oa Shu Jose mid Way Stations *8i»Oa
I1:3Oa San Jose Way Stations SiSOp
■a:4spSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Sau .lose,
Gllroy, Hollister, Santa Crm,
Snliuas, Monterey and Pacific
Orova "10:80 a
•S:3Op Sau Jose and Way Stations *U:OOa
•4:l»p SanJoseand Principal Way Stations 0:45 a
•3:« Op Ran Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:30 a
3::<op San Jose and Princiiial Way Stations *Bi33a
6:ilop San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
t11:45p San Jose anil Way Stations 7iiH>p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Suudays excepted. t Sunday only. i Saturdays onljr.
only (Saturday and Sun'lay.
J Sunday nnd Monday.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves Sant
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES*
DAY, FRIDAY. • /. '; '■:
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. tha
following Thursday, : Saturday
• and Tuesday— Arriving. In New
• York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday. . : / " .' :
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob*
-, servatlon Car and Electrlo
- Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
- Overland Express.
SHI FRAHCISCO TIKETImCE—ia MARKET ST.
TELET>HONB MAIN MM.
Oakland Offioo— lllB Broadway.
. . Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
•Ban Jose ( office— West Santa Clara Si,
THE SAN FRARCISCO AND SAN JOAQDIK
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1899, trains trill run as followsi
' South-bound. ~— North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Paissao*
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd ; Exc'pid Dally.
• 1:iO am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pra
9:lQam 2:C3 pm Marced 13:40 pm 4:ls prq
10:40 am 6:30 pm Freatio 1:30 am J:U pra
11:38 anol 7:43 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:44 prq
l.ih pm 12:30 am Bokerefleld 2:00 am. 11:00 am
11:69 am! 6:25 pm Vltalta 6:40 am 1:22 pn>
12:16 pm 8:53 pm! Tulars 6:50 ami 1:05 pra.
w — i ~^ —
| Stopping at Intermediate point! as required.
. . For particulars of stags and other connection*!
Inquire at frafnc Manager's Offlc*. S2l MarkeS,
itrtist._fiaa.jrrajacUcu.
BUY A FARM FOR SILVER
. AND SELL. THE PRODUCTS FOR
GOLD.
YOU CAN DO IT IN
/VVEXICO, ;
RAISING COFFEE. ORANGES, BANiINAS
AND CATTLE.
THE MEXICAN CENTRAL STAND-
ARD GAUGE RAILWAY
Reacheß ail the Important points in the Re-
public.
Excursion tickets, limited nine months from
date of sale, may be purchased at any rail-
road ticket office.
I Address the undersigned for descriptive mat-
ter, including "Facts and Figures About Mex-
tco," mailed free.
C. E. MINER.
General Western Agent, room 209 Houser build*
' ing, St. Louis. Mc^Kanßgn
W. D. MURDOCK,
i Aset. Gen'l Pass. Aft* City of Mexloo.
1112
SAS! FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Son Frand»co
Call, corner of Market and Third itreeta. open
ur.t'.l 12 o'clock every night In the year.
■■ ffCH 1 iFPICES— 62I Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
treat; open until S:3O o'clock.
Bter street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
treet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
194] Ml •' OPMI until 10 o'clock.
Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
event!) s- treet; open until » o'clock.
I ; open until 9 o'clock.
N W • (ltd and Kentucky
until 9 o'clock.
CHI II notices.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block 2:3 . utter st.. bet. Kearny and GrHjit
aye —Christian Science Bihlelesson, 11 a. m.
subject, "Probation After >eath Sunday
school for children at tha same i hour.
Weddnesday evening meeting at S o'clock.
All are welcome.
CA LV AlU~Presbyter!an Church, corner Pow-
ell ar.d Geary >as., Rev. bn HemphiU, D.D.,
pastor— Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Topic evening, "Paul on Mars Hill." Musio
morning, "Te Deum 1 ' <E flat), E. Marzo;
offertory, "Art Thou Weary," P. A. Schneck-
«rr; solos and quartet. Music evening, an-
them. "Praise the rd." S P. Warren;
offertory. "O, Jesus, Thou Art Standing,"
T <J. Shcphard; solo und tjuartet. All are
cordially invited. _
THF. First Unitarian Church, southwest corner j
■;. nry and Franklin hts., Rev. Dr. Stebblns,
minister emeritus; Rev. Stopford W. Brooke,
minister pro tempore and superintendent of
Sunday school— The Sunday school IS at 10
o'clock. The morning service is at 11 o'clock.
Mr. Brooke will occupy the pulpit Subject
of sermon. "The Peu.ce of Jesus and the
Peace of Buddha." All are cordially Invited.
There Is no evening service.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan sts.— Rev.
John Stephens, pastor. Preaching by the
I>astor at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. topic for ;
evening sermon, "What God Thinks of Us," !
second : in a series of "Half Hour Talks to
People Who Think." Special music. Sunday
school at U':3o p. m. Epworth iiKiie at d:SO ■
p. hi. I
THF West Side Christian Church will hold
its r< pulur services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
Rev. Williams, I astor will pi each in the
morning on "A Two Fold Christianity." in
tt:e evening on "Habit." Sunday school is
held at 10 a. m. Young ■ pie's meeting
at ti.3o p. m. All are cordially invited.
THE First Divine Science Church— M. E.
Cramer, pastor. Discourse at 11 a. tn. eub-
j.-rt. '.'There Ariseth Light in the Darkness."
Services every Sunday i:i Yoaemite Hall, Na-
tive Sons' hitildini;. Mason street, between
Geary and Post. Take elevator.
AT the Strangers' bath Home (Methodist
Episcopal Church), 643 Howard st., bet. Sec-
ond and Third— Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.l
pastor: residence bj the church; telephone :
Black 961. Morning service. 11 a. m. ; subject, |
"The Gospel for Everybody." Special music;
anthem. "It Shall Come to Pass" ; offertory
snlo, "Easter Eve"; soprano. Miss Mattle
Whittlngton. Sunday school, 12:."n. Great
rally of young people, 6:30. Evening— Anthem,
"Come Unto Me"; duet for two violins. Pro-
f<>s<or Otto RanhaJ and R. Buckley; offertory,
contralto solo, Miss Ethel Perkins. The cele-
brated barytone, VValter Myron Jewell, will '
also sine. 7:30 service for bread-winning wo-
men; sermon, "Help Those Women." he
pastor will tell in a story of stories the story
of his kind of co-operative homes for self- |
respertlng, pelf-supporting, small-salaried
women in New York and San Francisco.
Bread-winning women and those ecially
interested in their welfare are invited. Seats
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
sts. — Union mass meeting to-day at 3 o'clock.
Address by Rev. F. H. Eveleth, D.D., a
prominent educator from irmah. Subject,
"Mission Work nnd Jungle Travel In Bur- i
mah." Free to the public, both men and
women. Next Tuesday evening the Moody
l'.il.le class at the association, conducted by
Professor H. Goodell. Subject. "How Did
Sir. i.iuo Into the World?" This class free
f the public, and all Invited.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ, 320
Post St.— This church was organized by com-
mand of pod in l^n. Is the beginning of the '
dispensation of the fullness of times. Eph.
1:10. Preaching 11 a. m. and 1:20 p. m. All
welcome. Strangers Invited.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood <the Theosophical
Society i:i America). 819 Market St.— Lecture
to-nieht. "The Self-made Man," by Mrs.
Krona E. Wait; Tuesday night, "The Law of
t'yoles"; Saturday night, "The Great Or-
phan."
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lectures every !
Sunday eveninjr at S o'clock in Odd Fellows'
building. To-night. "Mental Healing and ■
Theosophy,'' by Mrs. Alice M. B< Bt. Lotus i
circle for children at 2:3' i p. m.
SI m> vv MEETINGS.
FREE scientific, lecture on "Electricity, the
Mysterious Force of Nature," illustrated, by
Dr. .ll'-. Kergan, medical director of
Drs. K. it X.'s Eleotric Sanitarium, this
evening at * o'clock, Crystal Hall. Pylhian
Castle. So 9 Market st., followed by mognifi-
cent art ewi "Our Country." Persons at-
tending this lecture may procure free tickets
for the wonderful X-ray exhibition Tuesday
evening next at the sanitarium, corner of
Market and Mason sts.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists, Occi-
dental Hall, corner of Larkin and McAllister
sts.— Sunday, April 16, at 7:30 p. m, Speaker,
Mrs. R. S. Lillle; subject. "Religion in the
Realm of Reason." Admission free.
DR. POTTENGER will give another interest-
ing lecture on "Ancient Symbolism" Sunday
evening; character readings at close of lec-
ture. 521 Thirteenth »t., Oakland.
FREE thought lectures— Dr. York at lower
Scottish Hall, I^arkln Ft., this evening, on
"Popular Lies." Come early. All invited.
AT Dr. Rine's Bible f-plritual society. f>o9 Mar-
ket. U-2-8, Mrs. Bird, Vigers. Barclay; freo;
coollectlon; Tue« Frl., 12:« Howard, Bp. m.
MRS. MARY EVANS, circle to-day. 2 and 8 p.
m.; 10c. 1346 Market St., opposite Odd Fel-
lows' Hall; also Monday evening.
MRS BEAI spiritual medium: tobacco habit
cured or no pay; readings dally. 2SO Valencia.
MESDAMES DREW and ROBINSON, test
meeting to-night. 909 Market; admission free.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. 6(>5 McAllister st.; come, skeptics.
MRS. STEERS, oircles Tuesday, 8 p. m.,
Thursday, 2 p.m.; 25c; readings $1. 112^ Oak.
MRfi. HARLAND'S test circle to-night; sealed
letters read; 10c: readings dally. 120 Sixth st.
EDWARX> EARLE. t>lni" writer and clalrvoy-
ant. 220 Ellis Ft.; hours, 10 to 5.
MRH. D. J. MORAN to-night, and her gifted
i-rildren. I'"-- 414 Ellis st.
MEETING NOTICES.
PACIFIC Lodge No. m, F and A.^TT~l»^
121 Eddy Bt., will meet TO-DAY at 10 A
a. m. to attend the funeral of our l;u.- "tf V
brother. J. MEYERS. Master Masons />r\
In good standing are invited
OEOROE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
VALHALLA Encampment No 7, i. o. ■& —
0 F.— The officers and the funeral v \f*
committee of the above encampment j^^
are. hereby notified to assemble at Odd * X
Fellows' Hall, cor. Market and Sevfnth sts
on NDAY, April 16, at 1:30 o'clock p. m.,
for the purpose of ttending the funeral of
our late brother, NIC HEITMANN. P. Ch P
By order CHAS. QUAST,
Financial Scribe.
HARMONY Lodge""No"~T3""l 'I. .^s-i-^
O. F.— The officers and the funer- =§2?E3R£.
al committe of the above lodge ~3^SF-^
are hereby notllled to assemble at "WT««~-
Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market and Sev-
enth IU., on BUNDAT, April 16, at 1:30
o'clock p. m., for the pun.'"-"c of attending
the funeral of our late brother NIC HEIT-
MANN. P. O. By order.
CHAS. QUAST. Fin. Sec.
ALTA Lodge No. 20r,. I. O.lO.'iF.— vjur,,,
MONDAY EVENING. April 17. jjj%j§|%'-
initiation.
T. W. DERBY, N. G. ~-'-:v/iW t --
EUREKA Grove No. 4, U. A. O D.— The »Aj
officers nnd the funeral committee, of the P%3
abovi grove are hereby notified to as- *3*
fumble at Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter st on
SUNDAY, April 16. at 1:30 o'clock p." m ,
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
•ur late brother, NIC HEITMANN By or-
der. CHAS. QUAST. Secretary.
THE- members of Unity Alliance No 14 it P
A. of A., are hereby notified to assemble at
the undertaking parlors of J. c. O'Connor &
Co., 767 Mission St., on SUNDAY MOPNINO
at 8:20 lock, to attend the funeral of " OU
late brother, JOHN McSHEFFEREY By
order of P. F. MCCARTHY, I'ret.id'ent.
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of iid Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June. A. D. 1899. at eleven o'clock In the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of naid Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market et.. in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of paid meeting is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00). In
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of its steamships and thetr equipment, for
u«e in the business of this corporation, and
to purchaee and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
•■aid Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company. /
rCorporate Seal.l E. H. SHELDON,
Eecretary vi thu Oceanic Steamsblp Com-
pany.
MEBTINC Continued.
BT. ANDREW'S Society— ex- v CTv
cursion and »lcnlc will be held on 3V, £mJj
SATURDAY, 6th May ne*t. at
Fairfax Park, near San Rafael.
Games and dancing. Boats will leave Sausa-
llto ferry wraf ,at 7. 9:30, 11 and 1:45. Tickets.
EOC and 25c. Oakland St. Andrew's Society
will participate. .TAS. S. WEBSTER, Pres.
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary,
CALEDONIAN Club — Thirty-third v CT
annual fathering nnd games at JL IJIU
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, TUES- >KkXS/
DAY. May 30. . ; *SNIS
ANGUS McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McNAIK. Secretary.
BRICKLAYERS' International Union — Cali-
fornia No. 1 meets at 1159 Mission st. first and
third Mondays In month.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC CCrLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery et.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 66 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market 6t., on and
after Thursday, April 20th. ISS9.
Transfer books will close on Friday, April
14th, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. ■ m
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT middle-aged nurso desires care
of invalid; low terms. Address Mrs. H., 1411
Bush st.
FASHIONABLE dressmaker, perfect fitter,
goes out at $1 50 per day. Address MRS.
M. FLOHR, 418 Grove St., twt. Gough and
Octavla sts.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to assist in gen-
eral housework. Apply 1375 Vi Eddy St.. bet.
Webster and Buchanan; wages from $10 to $12.
WANTED— By experienced Protestant lady,
any position of trust; write stating particu-
lars. Box 31, Call office.
POSITION as managing housekeeper wanted
by reliable woman. Box A-2S. Call office.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged lady woufdTTike
, a position at cooking and housework; no oh-
Jectlon to country. Apply 316^ Golden Gate..
FIRST-CLASS cook; do plain wash; can do ho-
tel work. Call i>29 Pine st.; city references.
SITUATION wanted by a neat, reliable woman
to do housework and cooking in a small fam-
ily: American cooking; city references. Ap-
ply 1207 Folsom st.. near Eighth, Monday.
GENTS' plain washing and mending. 179
Minna st.
GERMAN woman wishes a few hours' work
every Tuesday and Thursday. Address MRS
HICKEY. 602 Howard st.
I WOMAN wants work by the day, washing or
housecleanlng. Call or address 560 Mission.
FIRST-CLASS tailor dret»s maker wants more
engagements by the day; $2 per day. 407
Taylor st,
REFINED American woman wants situation
out of the city; mind children or light house-
work. Box A 20, Call office.
WOMAN, first-class American cook, wishes
situation; city or country. 952 Mission st.
HOUSEKEEPER or companion to lady or el-
derlj couple in refined home; references. Box
'.'4. Call office.
WASHING done up In flrnt-class style and
mended also; give me a trial and you will be
well patisiied. MRS. TOM, 944 Mission st.
GERMAN woman with a child wants place as
housekeeper. Address box 17, Call; no trlflers.
SEAMSTRESS wishes to go in families to
sew; 7,.c a day. 274S Harrison St., near
Twenty-fourth.
COOK. First -class, wishes a situation in pri-
vate family; no objection to country; 7 years'
reference from last place. Address 1421 Pino.
NURSE, going East soon, would give her Ber-
vices for traveling expenses. Address
NURSE, box 21. Call office.
WANTED— By competent Protestant woman,
housework and cooking in private family.
Call 204 Turk st.
YOUNG woman wants a position at light
housework in a small American family: a
good home; small wages; reference; no pos-
tals. 1221 Stelner Bt.
YOUNG woman wishes washing. Ironing or
■cleaning by the day. 1217 Howard st.
AMERICAN widow wants position; resident
seamstresg or housekeeper; elderly couple;
first-class reference. W., box 24. 106 Eleventh.
GERMAN woman wants washing, ironing or
housecleaning by the day. 121 Valencia st.
GERMAN woman wants general housework by
the day. : Apply 33SA Harriet St., bet. Bry-
ant and Brnnnan.
COMPETENT, accurate stenographer and typ-
ist wishes position; moderate salary. ■ Box
A 43, Call fflce.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation to do
general housework; is a good cook; city or
country; moderate wages; no postal cards.
10 Stockton place, oft Grant aye.
GERMAN lady with two-year-old child wishes
situation to do light housework. Address 776
Howard st.
GERMAN woman wishes place to do cham-
berv.ork In city hotel or lodging house; good
reference. 109 Jessie st.
TWO young girls wish situations in a first-
class seaside hotel, one as waitress and the
other as chambermaid. Address M. 0., box
1. Call office.
LADY of means wishes position as working
housekeeper; country preferred. EMPLOY-
MENT, box 1000. Call office.
REFINED American lady would like position
as companion to invalid lady or grown child-
ren; no objections to traveling; best of ref-
erences Box 973, Call office.
WANTED— By a respectable woman, position
as housekeeper or cook; city or country. Ad-
dress E., box 68, Cotati. Cal.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar- <
ket; 700 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respoctable: free 'bu»
and baggage to and from f>rry: elevator.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. *J Geary st.; tel. Grant M.
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm handa,
domentlcs. ITO. J25. Geary Bt. ; tel. Polk 11.
CHINESE aud Japauese Employment oince;
best belp. 414 OFarrell st. tel. Ka»t 42«.
AN honest, capable man of good habits desires
position as bookkeeper or office man with re-
- liable tirm where merit and strict attention to
business will be appreciated; good recom-
mendations; moderate salary. Box 34, Call.
Al PIANIST for entertainment or dance work;
position in country; also as hotel clerk. Box
A 44, Call office.
WANTED— By university student out of health,
sition on ranch where he can earn board by
tutoring and other work; excellent references.
Box 1006, Call office.
A— PARIS Exposition, 1900; an experienced
business man, highest references here and
large business and social connections in Eu-
rope, wants to enter Into negotiations with
exporters or manufacturers who wish a rep-
resentative at the Paris Exposition. 1900. \V.
A., box 122, Vallejo.
COACHMAN, single, Swedish; thorough e x -
perlence; good houseworker and man about
place; well posted in the city; sober, uses no
tobacco; not afraid of work; many years with
same employer; b«st references. Address A.
R. WOODSIDE. San Mateo, Cal.
GARDENER wishes a position on private
place: understands care of horses and cows
and is generally useful. Box A 30, Call office.
COOK would like a position in country board-
ing house or mining camp; sober and Indus-
trious. Address N. 8., box 149, Call office.
SOHKR, competent bread baker, can work on
cake, wishes a situation in the country. Box
A 26, Call office.
GARDENER, Italian, single, desires position
on gentleman's place; best of references from 1
abroad and East; no horses or cow wanted 1
Address GUALTIERI. 222 Broadway.
YOUNG Ftout man, Swiss, to take charge of
any work at moderate wages, but wishes to
be free every evening to attend school. Ad-
dress STEINAUER'S HOTEL, 435 Pine st.
STEADY reliable American (M) wants work of
most any kind; used to horses, city driving;
generally useful In various ways; reference or
security. Address H. S.. box 1. Call.
GARDENER, single, desires a position on pri-
vate place; understands greenhouses; to lay
out places;' not afraid of work; best of
references. Address A. R., box 1, Call.
SITUATION wanted by an amiable and indus-
trious Japanese boy; any kind of housework,
in office, family, bearding; best references.
A. B. V., 1329 Pine st.
WANTED— as coachman and gar-
dener by a single man: has «ood reference.
H. M . box 39, Call.
WATCHMAKER and jewePer. IB years' ex-
perience, desires employment; town or coun-
try; references. Address G., box 748. Call.
JAPANESE, skillful steam launderer of 3
years' txperience, wants a position In city.
M. 1.. 619 Jessie St. _^
YOUNG man of good habits wishes position to
take care of horses In private family; refer-
ences. Address box 925, Call office.
WANTED— By reliable and steady young man.
a position as night watchman; best of refer-
ences; 3 years last place. Box 352. Call office.
JAPANESE man wants position; who wants a
strong and good houseworker or washing? If
any, try me. Address Box 970, Call office.
THE SA!N FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1899.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
YOUNG German desires position as collector
or some llcht delivery wagon, work; has 6
years' experience and Is well acquainted all
I over the city; good references. Box 934, Call.
WANTED— Position as cook; wife to man-
age mining company boarding house or to
run tame on other proposition; references.
Box 964. Call. .; -.:. :-. : r ... - , ; ; ... - : '; .; ._
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
25 waitresses for springs and summer resorts
for May 1; call and engage your places now.
c H. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HOUSE glr! for Jewish family of 3, no children.
Jl5; good place for the right girl. Box A 19,
Call office. .
WANTED— Neat colored girl for light houße-
work and oare of 1 child; good home; 2 In
family; wages Jl". Call Sunday from 10 to 2
at 122il Market Bt., room 26.
THE McDowell dresscuttlng and drafting sys-
tem Ik now used by all leading dressmakers
in the country; competent teachers employed
to plve instruction in all branches of dress-
making and millinery. 103 Post st.
RESPECTABLE srlrl about 16 to assist in
housework; sleep home. 318 First pt,_
GIRL to take care of baby; $16; reference r«-
qulred. 3232 Jackson Ft.
WANTED— Strong neat girl for general house-
work and care of children; $15 per month;
references. Call to-day at 1505 lx>lores st.
EXPERIENCED hands on fancy neckwear to
w,.rk In factory and at home. f,23 Market
Ft., room 8.
WANTED— A young lady who understands
making neckwear; state experience, salary
and references. Apply box A 37, Call office.
GOOD trimmers; must be salesladies; good,
steady position. 130 Sixth st.
COMPETENT woman. general housework,
small family, no children, $10 to $12. 614
Eddy st.
WANTED— A colored girl for general house-
work; wages $15. Apply at 57» Harrison St.,
corner Second.
GIRL wanted to take care of child 3V4 years
old; good home; $5. 269 Shipley st.
WANTED— Few young ladles for concert and
dance hall; steady positions. Box 25, Call.
WANTED — on crash and duck skirts.
DAVIDSON & MILLER. 731 Market st.
WANTED— First-clans waiatmakers. 126 Kear-
ny, room 46.
WANTED Experienced shirt operators; best
prices: steady employment. EiAGLESON &
CO.. 535 Market st.
WANTED— Finishers on men's custom coata;
steady work. 518 Market st.
RATNER CLOAK CO.— Wanted, first-class fln-
Ish hand for cloaks and capes. 1023 Market.
RESPECTABLE, competent girl between 15 and
16 to assist tn housework. Call after 9 o'clock.
714 McAllister St.
WANTED— GirI to assist with housework. 1835
McAllister st.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' custom
shirts. ROOERSON'S, 535 Valencia st.
EXPERIENCED nurse desires engagements;
terms moderate. Box 6, Call office.
EXPERIENCED hands for fancy neckwear to
work In factory. 523 Market st., room 8.
OPERATOR on pants; also finishers. S. N.
WOOD & CO., Powell and Eddy sts.
OPERATORS on overshirts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 26H Fremont st.
HELI» WANTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & C^sTjßsttae^GrantTJa
100 teamsters ani laborers; railroad work;
regular wages; free fare. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
AT c. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant ISS
20 laborers to work around reservoir, build
roads, etc., $2 a day; fare 60c
20 laborers for railroad work, $1 75 a day;
board 74 50 a week; fare 60c.
10 teamsters, city, $1 75 a day; board $4 i>o
a week.
6 farmers for a large fruit ranch, $20 and
board.
Blockmakers and splitters for a slate quarry,
$2 50 a day.
Cement finisher. $4 a day.
Blacksmiths, woodchoppers, farmers, milk-
ers, choremen, stablemen, coal miners, tie-
makers and others. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant ISS
Head and second cook, hotel, (ili i and $30; sec-
ond cook, reetaurant, $60; second cook, mtners'
boarding-house, *;••'■; German waiter, country !
hotel. $25; kitchen hand for springs, $25; dish-
washers, vegetable men, kitchen hands and
others. C. U. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
| MURRAY & READY Phone Main SS4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents .. j
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY !
10 more laborers for a large company, near ]
city $2 'lay
City work, .'• pick and shovel men, $1 50 day;
laborers for the yards of a large sawmill
company, north, pee boss here; milker and
farmer, $30 and found; harnessmaker; black-
smith helper, country shop, $-■"' and luund;
blacksmith helper, ranch; milk wagon driver,
city; farm hands and milkers; WOOdchoppers,
tlemakers, coal miners, etc. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FARMER and wife, Santa Cruz County, $35
and found: choreman, same ranch, $20; host-
ler, livery stable, $25 and found: ranch cooks;
baker's helper, $20 and found, cooks, waiters,
etc. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AGENTS — $100 weekly and expenses guaranteed
good men to sell Arctic Refrigerating Ma- !
chinee for cooling refrigerators; guaranteed .
75 per cent cheaper than ice; indestructible, i
everlasting; every owner "f a refrigerator
buys tl.em. as the savins of ice in 1 month
more than pays for machine; have ovei 5000
in use; 1000 testimonials from leading mer- j
chants of the U. s. . greatest monopoly ever i
I offered agents; no competition; exclusive ter
ritory assigned good salesmen; write to-day
and secure your territory before It ie taken
ARCTIC REFRIGERATING CO., Cincin-
nati. O.
ENERGETIC workers to distribute circulars
and samples; permanent occupation; good
, pay; particulars for stamp. DIST. LEAGUE
49 West Twenty-eighth St., New York.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
i any civil service examination without seeing !
our Illustrated catalogue of information: sent
free. COLUMBIAN CORRESPONDENCE
COLLEGE, Washington. D. C.
SHOE salesman for Oregon and Washington
by manufacturing and Jobbing house; must
have Al references and be a worker: excel-
lent opportunity for the right man. Box
1156. Call office.
TWO first-class ladies' tailors wanted for the
country: must be rapid, good operators. Ap-
ply at STEIN, SIMON & CO., Market and
Second Bts., San Francisco.
WANTED— Names of ruptured people; we cure
rupture free to Introduce our method. DR.
SPEIRS, 66 Main st.. brook. Me.
WANTED— 2 good men. Apply at 22 Post st.
from 7:20 to g;3O p. m., 17th inst.
WANTED— all-around carriage painter; one
who can letter. Address P. O. box 16, Red-
wood City.
WANTED— A good trunkmaker. Address D. D
WHITNEY. 423 So. Spring st.. Lo Angeles.
WANTED— Runner for lodging house. Apply at
704 Howard st.
WANTED— A good man to take orders on suits;
good pay to right party. Apply 545 Sanchez
St.. near Nineteenth.
TAILORS wanted for seat room. 803 Montgom-
ery St., third floor, room 6.
FIRST-CLASS pressman on vests. Call Mon-
day, room 61, St. Ann's building.
OPERATORS and finishers on pants. 634 ElTls
street.
TERRA cotta pressers and finishers. Call at
1556 Market St., between 3 and 4.
GOOD waiter wanted. IC'6 Second st.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 106 Second st.
WANTED— custom coatmakers; steady
work. 818 Market st.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly, new. from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St..
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
TO let- Store and 2 rooms for barber or shoe-
maker; rent $8. 1690 Mission *t.
GET your shoes half-soled while watting. 35c to
50c. 562 Mission et., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Boy 17 or 18 to do bicycle i-epalr-
ing for board and lodging; small wages; fine
home. Address box A 45. Call office.
WANTED — A man to do pressing and bushel-
ing. Apply San Jose Woolen Mills Co.. 523
Market st. ■' . ■■-
WANTED— Salesman and repairer for type-
write; ; state experience. Apply Call office.
WANTED— Solicitors with Al references. Ad-
dress box 1425, Call office.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, .who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declare-1 their In-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 6 .feet 5
Inches and 6 feet in height. For further in-
formation apply at the Recruiting Office. 40
Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
YOUNG men to go to sea, good wages, at
HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
150 MEN to take best single room, 15c night; $1
week; 'France House," 149 3d St.. and "Oak-
land House," 661H Howard st.; reading-room.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands. Ma-
nila, Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent. £04-506 - Davis st. . ..
_ HELP WANTED—Contlnned.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third Bt. ; 150 larg»
rooms: 26c per night; $1 to $S per week.
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast, Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S. 38 Steuart st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Employ-
ment Bureau, 1125 Market Bt. W. J. BRIDE-
SHAW, Secretary. -.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night, reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 250
to 60c; $1 to 53 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 8. F.
Barber College. 13SH Eighth at.
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
_Lindell House,- Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade;
summer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
MEN'S fine calf shoeß to order, J2 50; men's
solelng. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, 863^4 Market st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerke. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for n room; 2."c a night; $1 a week.
] .ji AGESTS WASTED.
AGENTS— We will pay »100 per month and rail-
road expenses to any man who will faithfully
represent us in takinc orders for the most
reliable portrait Copying house in the world;
we pay strictly salary, Address at once
Pep( 103. G. E. MARTEL. New York City.
AGENTS Handy Harness Riveter Machine;
bpst seller out; for everybody; sample, pre-
paid, $1 50; weight 4 p-'unds; counties as-
Blgned. State Agency, HANDY MACHINE
CO., 58 Third st., San Francisco. Cal.
AGENTS make big money selling automatlo
pcreen door catches; write for information:
sample, postpaid. 2r,c. AUTOMATIC DOOR
CATCH CO., Chicago.
AGENTS In every county to Fell family memor-
ials; good profits and steady work. CAMP-
BET.L CO.". 5 Lovell St.. Elgin, 111.
AGE-NTS an.l others start paying business at
home. For plan and list money-making trade
wrinkles, secret processes, discoveries, for-
mulas write WHEATON & CO., New Bed-
ford, Mass.
LADY agents for corsets, skirts, bustles; outfit
free; profit $3 to $18 dally. .1. E. WOOD &
CO., Syracuse, N. Y.
A GENERAL agent— "Life of Admiral Dew-
ey " and "America's New Possessions": su-
perbly illustrated: sample, 25c, stamps or
coin; catalogue free. F. TENNYSON NEELY,
114 Fifth aye.. New York.
BEST thing yet; big profits; don't let this
slip. Room 14. 606 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY to sell Leather Lustre: best seller
out: sample postpaid, 25c. J. Brown, 332 Bu«h.
MEN or women to canvass homes with well
advertised special shoes for women's comfort;
great sellers: quick returns. "UNA," 7 Tem-
ple place. Boston. Mftt-s
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1* paces. In wrapper, fnr mall'ng. $1 per year.
ROOMS AND BOARI WANTED.
YOUNG man wishes board and room with Dan-
Isli fan, My. state r ,ri.-,.. Box .\ 14, Call office.
, FIJR.MTURIB WAXTED.
J. C. MUTHER, 632 Market st.. pays highest
rash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
HOLSIOS WASTED.
WANTED — A completely furnished house, 5 or
6 bedrooms, bet. California st. and Broadway,
wept of Franklin, by responsible party, for 6
months or more; rent not to exceed $60. Box
A 89, Call office.
LADY and grown daughter would like care of
private house in city for a few months or in-
definitely; exceptional parties; strong refer-
ences. Address for personal interview, H.
P.. b ■- i::7. Call office.
FXPERT OFI ICIANS,
DANGER BIGNALS ~~
FOR WEAK EYES AND FAILING SIGHT;
ANY SENSATION OF PAIN
IS A WARNING!
Each examination and correction made by
GEO. MAYERLE Is dulj recorded and ap-
proved by highest authorities. GEO. MAY-
ERLE, German Expert Optician. Charter
Member American Association of Opticians,
1071H Market st., San Francisco. Open
evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases: all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find In j
h^r a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and :
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment, $6; no instruments
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy st..
bet. Hyde and Larkln: office hours, 10 to 12, 2
to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
st any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home th«
Fame day; no Instruments used; cure at office.
' 16; home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention. a.ll can save time and expense by con-
rultlng the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 542 Post et., bet.
Hyde and Larkln; hours, 10 to 6 and 7 to 1
p. m. ; Sunday: 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mous remedy for Irregular and painfui periods
of ladies; nre never falling and safe: rejuv- I
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore, ,
health and beauty to the faded: French Tansy i
Wafers are the only reliable female remedy In i
the world; imported from Farls: take nothing ;
elFe from druggists, but insist on the genuine: '
In red wrappers with crown trade mark. I
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., druggists, 214
Kearny Ft. H. L. LADD & CO.. druggists,
northwest cor. Fourth and Howard Bts.,
agents. San Francisco.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davleg,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home.
etc.: babies adopted: travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; f'-ee: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.:
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or Instruments
uted: consultation free; traveling parties
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed: cure, $5: by the well-known specialists
and ladles' physlclanp for 37 years; Bee us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 31S Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly, all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used: guar-
nnteed cure at office, $:,; travelers helped ln-
Ftantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market Ft., between
Mason and Taylor: hours, 9 to 5, 7 to 8 p. m.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable: take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Fhila.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than nny other physician: never falls to
cure: consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write, 1023^ Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
74 hours guaranteed: any time; maternity
home: best medical attendance: pills, $1; cure
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.'
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention: terms mod-
erate: regular physician in attendance; con-
rultatlon free; Infants adopted Into good
homes: call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st.. San Fran-
cisco: all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
n«rpe herbs; over 3000 varieties being u*ed-
advice free: hours 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and
7 to 9 p. m. .'.«■;;•:
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
Ft. ; $1 r.O Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X ft., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure- $2 50-
-expressed C. O. D.: don't delay until too late.'
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
ANT exterminator:' get rid of the pest*; valu-
able receipt for doing so. 25c by mail. TYN-
DALL, 722 Myrtle Bt., Oakland, Cal.
PRIVATE home In confinement: best refs •
1540^ Howard: Mr». M. Wledemann. midwife!
DR. and Mrs. Wise. HIS Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money Dack; $5 up.
MRS. DR. SCHWARtI! home In confinement:
best of care. 852 Castro, cor. 7th. Oakland.
DR WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason «t.
STORAGE. ~
DON'T store in cellars. See O. mT^JUDSON
& CO., 1123 Howard st.: advances made.
C £>V A «. St ? raße Wareh SMITH, prop.
TU Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 2s!
I'IERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
la*. advance, «tc 735 Market; tel. Black BU.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 282 Stockton st.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP, spirit seer. 1724 Market
Et., near Polk; counsel, 6Uc; by letter. SOc;
meetings every night. 10c.
C. V. MILLER'S etherealizing materializing
seance, S p. m., 60c. 40S Leavenworth st.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS, teets to all; Tue».-Frl., 2 p. m. ;
Mon., 8; 25c; sittings, $1. 253 Valencia st
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller. haB opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. E. CURLEY,
AMERICA'S GREATEST CLAIRVOYANT
AND MEDIUM,
Has permanently located at 337 Geary St., bet.
Powell and M'ison.
CUSTOMERS' NAMES ARE NEVER USED
IN ANY OF HER ADVERTISEMENTS
AND THEIR CONFIDENCE IS RESPECT-
ED IN EVERY WAY. YOUR FUTURE
FORETOLD BY THE PRINCESS OF
PROPHETS.
This remarkable woman, whose career has
be*n one of success. Is gifted by nature with a
power that approaches the miraculoua. She is
acknowledged by the press and public wherever
she lih.« been to be the marvel of the nineteenth
century. Mme. Curley Is a prophet ol world-
wide repute: is recommended by every one of.
her patrons. Her powers excite the wonder and
admiration of even the skeptical. Her advice
Is infallible, convincing and beyond dispute.
Through her remarkable development of second
Right, and her thorough knowledge of the many
fclences peculiar to the men of the Orient, she
is enabled to penetrate the woof and web ol
human life. She locates hidden or burled treas-
ures and gives advice on business, lawsuits,
speculation, love, courtship, matrimony; she
unites the separated and causes speedy and
happy marriage with the one of your choice.
The troubled and unfortunate should .*eek her
counsel. Thousands of families long separated
have been reunited by her efforts, thousands of
hearts made glad through her truthful predic-
tions. Cures witchery, fits and drunkenness.
Hours, 9 a. m. to 8:30 p. in. Home all day Sun-
day. Englieh and German spoken. Positively
no attention paid to letters unless accompanied
by $1.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
AT 1023% MARKET STREET,
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and ndvle=
which will overcome your enemies, remove
family troubles, restore lost affections, make
marriage with the one you love no failure, re-
move Influence, bad habits: will give correct
Information on lawsuits, sickness, death, di-
vorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
1023^ Market street, San Francisco.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and sec-
ond night: diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing: Indies. 50c; gents. Jl : sit. $1 60. 1M Turk.
MME. LENEMAR, 34 Sixth st. Fortunes by
7.lanets; predicted In '74 overdue stmr. Gould.
MISS ALICE FAURE, card reader am; palmist.
405 Kearny Bt. ; room 34; Frencn and German
spoken.
MRS HANSEN, best clairvoyant; fee 25c.
Minna st.. near Fifth.
YOUR fortune told by cards; ladles, 25c;
gents, 50c. f>27M> Post St.
MISS L. DEAN, card reader and palmist. 719
Mnrket St.. room 2.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 11« A Geary St., rooms 1 and 2.
MME. lIAVKNA reads life fluently: business
advice; nam«* riven; 2je up. 5 Fourth st.
JESSIE BURNETT, card r-;i<3er and palmist.
216 Kearny St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU, the best fortune teller; 25c
up; testa free. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. HAYS returned; card reader and ma«-
netist. 207 Powell st., rooms r ) and S.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader:
past, present and future; 26c. 163% r.th. r. 21.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis st.. parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. AUGUST, ll r ,n Mission St.; clairvoyant
nnd r a lmlEt, truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. fiYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; Udlen 914 O 1 Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, lfi pages, sent to any address !n the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil Count Pt. Ger-
main*: filfi Geary st., above Jones; tel. Hyde
2fi2l; rending by mall. %\.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
EfPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MR9. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
et.: 15 years' experience: references given.
FOR SALE— MISCELLAMiOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOBH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont «t.
THOROUGHHRF.D hatching eggs; LaJigshan,
I iv.chin, Plymouth Rock, Brahma. Minorca.
Houdan. Polands, Hamburg, Spanish, Leg-
horns. Ban tame! also fowl. F. KRAI'S, 1031
McAllister st.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Beale St.— For sale. 1
| band saw, 1 12-tnch Pony planer, 1 2Vi horse-
power gas engine, 1 hydraulic pump (3 plun-
gerp_ high pressure), boilers, engines, pumps,
second hand.
FOR sale— Fine sideboard dining table, 6
chairs; reasonable. 1443 Market et., near
Eleventh; no dealers.
64-K(;<; Stockton incubator; direct from fac-
tory; js. 2855 Jackson st.. Alameda, Cal.
FINE fast 12-foot gasoline launch; cheap. Ap-
ply at Harbor View Park.
LARGE 2-story stable covering lot 50x150; to be
removed. 127.'. Eddy st.
JSO.OOO-GALLON tank for sale very cheap. JA-
COB HEYMAN & SON. IP Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— Windmill, tank and framed 703
San Bruno aye.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-101S-IU2I-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
FOR sale Fine rosewood large-sized Regina
music t,ox and records. 714 McAllister St.
BARGAIN— 3 H. P. Golden Gate pas ens'lne^
almost new. See EPSTEIN, 648 Mission st.
ONE IB H. P. gasoline engine In fine condition;
cheap. H S WHITE. 514-516-Bla Mission at.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery
ASHMAN Jfc BURKE, 139 Beale st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors
1" \mht. sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission Bt.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;
complete; cheap. 191". Mission st , near 15th.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page, i-avea power. Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission.
SAFES— AII sizes new and second hand. THE
HERMANN PAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
GASOLINE engines- 1 horsepower, $100; 2 8123;
3. $150; 4. J176. SMITH CO., 527 Mission St.
POLYPHONE, JK: attachment (0n1y7.~515: will
fit phono or graphophone. nacigaiupi. 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand; all
Bl2es; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mlnlngTas^
paying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
etructlon, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS- Bookkeeping, business practice.
Fhorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st. I
MERRILL-MILLER college; shorthand, typing;
Individual instruction; new typewriters, book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day. eve. Rms. 572-6 Parrott bide
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market stTI
shorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, {r.O: low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers!
Ellis system; ninny rooms; low rates day
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL^
LEGE, 12;,o Market St.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical mln~
ing, mech. survey, assay, arch!.: day A eve :
est 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
FOR use of an unfurnished room a lady will
teach elocution or English branches or coach
pupils. Address box 9, Call office.
SPANISH taught by competent lady teacher-
Normal graduate: satisfaction guaranteed- 50c
lesson. Address box 40. Call office.
DANCING taught; ballroom or fltage; private
or class. IRVINE, 421 Post St., nr. Powell.
NEVER too late to get good teacher. Prof L.
Merkl, violin, mandolin, guitar. 100S Mission.
LAW Schools, 327 Market. S. F., and 906 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. De Fillppe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Post j ablest profs.
MARGARET JACKSON, professor piano, har-
mony, voice culture. Studio 523 Turk at.
PERSONALS. .
ELDERLY gentleman, a widower, unincum-
bered. wishes correspondence with a lady of
corresponding ase. Address J. M. WILL-
SON, office.
GENTLEMAN of culture and generosity. Inde-
pendently wealthy, seeks wife to love and
cherish. MR. ELWOOD, care AMES, 1297
Lexington aye.. New York.
BRUNETTE boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE, 1416 Eithth St., Alameda.
LEDERER, '• the popular hairdresser; popular
prices. 25c; g'>od switches, $1; fine. $2 50; long-
est hair rolls, 3.".c ; Quintonica. the infallible
hair tonic, 3,".c bottle. G. LEDERER, 123
Stockton st.
LEDERER'S FOAMO SHAMPOO, the best in
the market. 5c package; try it; see fine win-
dow exhibit this wefk. G. LEDERER, 123
' Stockton 6t.
I HAVE found a positive cure for drunkenness;
can be given secretly; will gladly tell you
what it is- don't send money. MRS. MAY
HAWKINS, lock box FX 131, Grand Rapids,
Mich.
VITAL ORE REMEDIES— cure for every
one, for all complaints; price Vital Ore, $1;
Vital Ore Pills, 25c; Vital Ore Oline. 50c: send
me your address and I will call or send by
mail. J. Z. FORD. 340 Third St.. S. F.. CaJ
PROF, MERGENS >v CO., mineral baths; most
wonderful remedy ever discovered by man
for dropsy, paralysis, sore eyes, rupture, old
sores, etc. 1 118 Howard St.. 3d floor.
AN aged person or couple wanting the best of
; care address box 35, <hII office.
DR. MAUDE INMAN, electric physician, 1104
Market st., the Vendome, room 4S.
ON account of pfekness; restaurant; must be
sold' quick; at your own price. 51 1& Jones st
IN divorce matters will give full information
free: strictly "onfldential. P>ox 831, Call.
RUBBBR goods of every description; catalogue
free. EDWIN MERCER & CO.. Toledo. O.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, gjlk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 204 San Jose
aye., near Twenty-fourth st. Tel. White 4SL
WANTED— Companionable woman for very
light housework and sewing; one in family.
2950 Twenty-fourth st.
DETECTIVE work In all legitimate branches
carefully attended to by an experienced de-
tective; exceptional . references; correspond-
ence solicited. Call or address Commercial
Detective Agency, 272 Valencia st.
LEDERER'S Qulnonla, a perfect hair dressing;
makes It glossy; cleans the scalp; 35c bot.
Foamo Shampoo, 5c pkg. G. Lederer, 123 Stktn.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser, charges
but 25c. Just received, a magnificent line of
hair ornaments and side combs; offers them
at very small prices. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONB, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. Law a Specialty.
Pan Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
AUGUSTA LEOLA, 2326 Mission St.. near 20th
—Greatest fortune teller In the world; gives
luck, love and magic charms; also teaches
fortune telling; fee, $1 and upward.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
2f>c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from> the ferry.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth.
SBARBORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 531
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE. Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N.Y.TAILORING CO.. 115 Keamy.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no In-
Jection;guarntd Pine. nb. Kearny
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8: bed loung-
es $4 50: open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom St.
BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post Ft., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
! A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
i prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
DRESSMAKERS.
MILLINERY, millinery, millinery taught at
the McDowell Dressmaking and Drafting
School. 103 Post St.
i SILK or cloth dresses made. $5 up: dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
DENTISTS.
DR~T~a~HIGGINS- Dental ParlorsT~ ~
Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Market St.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth is always tha most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth j
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work; teeth
without plates our specialty; flexible plates
from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. fco9 Mar- j
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood b Ig.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
wlthcut plates our specialty: gold crowns.
$3 60 up; plates, extractions, free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Lunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE V.'. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts and fills t»eth painlessly by his wonder-
ful necret method; crowns, J2: bridces. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received $ flrat
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
j TEETH ivuncut plates a specialty; full set of
teftl: $3: crowns, $3; fillings. 50c: all work
Warranted tor ten years. Modern Dental
Farioru; 1206 Market st., cor. Golden Gate aye. ;
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; teeth without plates a
Fpeclalty; liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS. 8 Mason st., corner Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market et.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fl'.llngs a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
BET fif teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist. 969 Mission, cor. .6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth.
$4; filling, gold. 60c; silver. 2Sc; crowns, $S.
MTJSICAL INSTKIMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to lnvestt-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
Mime as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., '■
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter I
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
Cramer, good condition 17j
Weber, fine order 152
3 Kingsburys, used 7 months ......"II!!lgg
Vose, mahogany case 225
Sterling, used IS months ......2~0
All guaranteed B years; easy payments
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'FarreU st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous»
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
nnd prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
$50, CHICKERING: $75. HaTlett & Davis: $6..
Woodworth upright; $100. Rossini upright;
$10A. Hallett & Davis; pianos rented, $2 up.
BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post Bt.
A FINE high grade piano, slightly used, sacri-
ficed Immediately for cash by owner. The J. !
Dewing Co.. room 10, Flood building. Fourth
and Market sts.
JUST arrived— New upright pianos: sold at $5:
rented at $2 BO per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 660 Hayes st.
HORNUNG'S Pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
d.iy; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
A SACRIFICE of new piano and Martin
guitar; leaving. Room 25. 1021 Van Ness aye.
FOR sale— Fine Reglna music box with 30
tunes; bargain. 410 Tehama St.; call Sunday.
R. A.. DANIELS vi now wtth BYRON
MAUZY. 308 to 312 Post St.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
stprage. Wilson Storage Rooms. 1710 Market.
SOHMER BYRON MAUZY, and other pianos.
. 808 Post st.
: a UPRIGHTS, $69 up: installments. $5 75 up;
rents J3 60 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister r-t.. next Hibernia Bank.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old i.nd new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
"SEWING" MACHINES. ==
|3 MONTHLY, rented; repaired. bought, •old-
machine supplies. 146 Sixth; phone Mint *i.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. ZO3 Fourth st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
HOOO^ii^ROOM Jodging-house: central location;
will give trial. COWING « CO. 995 Mark.-:.
30-ROOM hotel in Berkeley; cause, sickness;
great sacrifice. COWING ft CO., 996 Market.
80-ACRE olive farm; Napa County; will ex-f
' Vhar.K. propty her.-. , '' >WINQ ft CO^, 995 Mkt. f
$125— P \RTNER wanted; will pay over $60
mo. to each yearly. COWING & CO, '.".<:■ Mkt.
FINE restaurant; must b° sold Monday, no
offer refused. I OWING & CO.. 930 Market.
$22.>— BRANCH bakery, produce store; sell this
day. COWING & CO, Ma Market st.
RESTAURANT A bargain to-day, account of
sickness. COWING & CO.. :•■"■ Market st
X I : i ; I O& CO ■ -"■ -■ ' : X* B I
. Real Estate and Business Chance Brokers...
A FKW SPECIAL BARGAINS
$175- Branch bakery: living rooms.
Igar stand; near Chronicle.
legant 6-room Hat; cost $:.on.
$2000 I'nig store; $20 daily; doctor's practice
worth $300 mo. KRRDO ft ' ' '
CALL and see our list oi hotels, saloons, gro-
ceries, a fine-paying bakery, all established;
ranches country merchandise stores, station-
ery Btores, ctgar stands inge;
parties wishing to make quick sales will call
at our office. BITEL & CO., 1016 M;<rket st.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for
cash apply to MOON & CO.. 100SH Market st.
$125— BRANCH bakery: a nice place: living
rooms; cheap rent. JONES & CO.. vr > ■ Market.
DRESSMAKING parlors on Sutter st ; paying
business. Apply to DECKER, 1"-!'"' Market.
1 tie or rent An old-established brewery
In prosperous country town: complete outfit
for business. MCLAUGHLIN & f".. 777 Mkt.
A— slso, PARTNER wanted; established busi-
ness; $12 to $18 a week; trial given. WEST-
ERN INVESTMENT CO., 9 Geary st
IF you have ?;'Vi to $3000, can place you In
absolutely sale business, paying $130 to $400
weekly; ilenr; no risk whatever; handle > >ur
own money; bank security for every dollar:
no peddling or canvassing; 80 days' trial;
expf-rl^n.-'- unnecessary; also suitable for la-
dies; mention this paper and address THH i
AMERICAN AUTO*MACHINE CO., 31 Lib«^
ertj El . New York.
FOR sale I 'rug store, fixtures. Flint's Phar-
macy; shelving, counters, showcases, shelf-
ware, etc.; to be removed before May 1;
price $600: cost ever $6000. BOWMAN & CO..
1109 Broadway, Oakland.
PRINTERS'- Quarter Gordon, Sehneldewend
6 Lee; nearly as good as new; $125; call
soon. 100 TH Folsom st.
STORE fixtures, showcases to let: suitable
candy; reasonable to business parties. 2848
Folsom st.
$3000 PARTNER wanted; established office
business; good opening. Box A-27. Call.
F' 'R sale Millinery store; long established;
sickness cause for selling. Box 33, Call.
PARTNER with $1000 tor manufacture of new
patent article. Box A Ifi. Call office.
K)OD paying Baloon within a block of
Call building. Box A 29, Call office.
FOR sale Grocery and saloon at 967 Howard
st., near Sixth: 3 rooms In rejir.
WELL-ESTABLISHED saloon for sale, cheap-
est ever known, at 3'<ti Minna St.
FOR salt Turkish bath establishment; well lo-
cated, advertised and paying; a splendid op-
portunity for any one understanding business.
For particulars address MILLER-DERVANT,
Spokane, Wash.
A— s3ooo TO $5000; partner wanted; chance of a
lifetime; business located center city; estab-
HshM 12 years; a good chance for steady man.
Call at 850 Market st.. room 9. opp. Fourth st.
PAYING restaurant for sale cheap; low rent.
Apply MllS. GREER, 1941 Market St.
FOR sale— Restaurant, all fitted up, with 11
private rooms. Inquire at 1% Mason st.
$1800— FIRST-CLASS manufacturing establish-
ment, doing a good business; owners wtstw
to retire on account of other investments. Bf
i-63, Call office.
HAVE from $3«X) to $5000 to invest In soma
manufacturing enterprise if suitable. Ad-
dress A. 8., box I"'"', Call office.
PARTNP:R— Reliable man with small capital
for well paying business; trial. 41 Third st.,
room ".
$175 — OYSTER and chop house; fine location;
nice business. 307 Grant aye.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop. 4 chairs, cheap on
account of sickness. Apply Call office.
BALOON for sale in good location. Inquire at
636 Third St.
GENERAL merchandise store In lively mining
town; regular monthly customers; a bargain.
Address box 975. Cal! office.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
office.
SAL' M i.V and shooting gallery; make offer; 4«3
Dupont st. ; trial given. Inquire afternoon 19
Sixth st.
SALOON for sale. SO Jackson St., bet. Davis
and Drumm.
FOR sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day. or
will exchange for real estate across tha bay.
Apply 500 Haight et.
JOHN REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires
to sell his tailoring business, including stock
and good will. 340 Third et.
COFFEE and tea routes Fupplled from GBO.
W. CASWELL ft CO. 3. OS Sacramento «t.
MUH.IM. HOISES FOR SALE.
29-ROOM hay-window house, elegant furniture,
hair-topped mattresses; rtorth of Market, near
the Emporium; clears ?150; must be sold, tflf
DECKER, 1020 Market st. J
92-ROOM HOUSE FOR OAKLAND,
ALAMEDA OR CITY PROPERTY.
14 rooms; on O'Farrell st J350
17-room house; large yard: downtown 400
18 rooms; clears $100; only * 300
12 rooms; exchange for larger house 600
14-rooni house on Van Ness 350
64-room house; clears $300; payments 3^*oo
21-room house on Van Ness aye 1500
f.4-rocm house; clears $30n i«X)
17 rooms; on Sixth st 450
Ff>R A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. oth.
A— KRF.nn * rr> 22H Geary st
Money Advanced on All Houses.
$250 — Elegantly furnished flat; centrally locat-
ed; 2 rooms pay rent.
$4-100—110 rooms; cheap rent; clears $3009
yearly.
$300—10 rooms: best location; easily worth.
$500; don't miss It.
$1300—45 rooms: corner Keamy: bargain.
$450—11 rooms; N. of Market: special bargain.
$2500 — 50-room hotel: dears $C.io month.
$1900— 5T> rooms; best transient; Market st.
For long list of bargain call on KREDO A
CO.
20 ROOMS; r^nt $00; must sell $55.1
21 rooms: rent $4. r >; new; $609 cash 12<*)
40 rooms: rent $M; money maker
120 room-; rent $110; good location
MANY OTHER GOOD BARGAINS. GET
LIST. WINSTON & CO., 1026 MARKET ST.
MINNA. 589, Tiear Sixth— Finely furnished
house 1 rooms and bath; sunny yard: to rent
and furniture for sale; agents need not ap-
ply; rent reasonable.
1900—20 ROOMS: always occupied: furnltura
good order: compulsory sale; returning to
France. 3.TIU Rush st.
WANTED To rent, a rooming or boarding
house. J. S. «'.. 9M Dolores st
MT'ST sell for half value: 10-roOffl house; pay*
well. Apply 11« Eleventh ?t. ; no agents.
!>-R'"'M house; furniture in good order; wlls^
sell reasonable. 276 Minna st
t FIKMTIRK FOR SALE.
FOR sale Furniture of 4 rooms, complete for
hosisckeei'lnc": will s-01l cheap; no deaWg
wanted. nifiA Howard st.. bet. 17th and I«th.
WARDROBE folding bed cheap. 4114 Turk
street. .
i ROOMS furnished In oak for $45 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture rv... i:?MIM M.irket.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law!
6th floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases: wills, coev
tracts. etc., drawn; mod. f«es: call or writ*.
ADVICE free; no advance charges; estates,
damages, attachments, wills, contracts ait
cases private. J. B. EVANS. 14 McAllister
Ft . room *4. next Hibernia Bank.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; p<-
no fee without success; collections. G W.
_HOWE, atty at law. g5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
L S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building 927
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. ;i27 Market st.
HORSKS.
WANTED— Stylish young carriage team; :«H
hands; chestnut preferred. Box A-IS. Call.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams: all
kinds of business horses for sal«. CHASE &
MENDENHALL'B sale yard. 1733 Market ?t.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons bungles.
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mark-t.
82. Sixth st. ; auction yales every Wednesday.
STLLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. >
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bu<-
g'es; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 BETS second-hand harness; wagons cart*,
bugglcv sucravs and horses. 1140 Folsom »t<ITY REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN t CO., *
Real estate agents, l'-
-,4 MONTGOMERY street.
BUSINESS PROPERTIES.
INSIDE MARKET STREET PROPERTY.
$130.000— Lot 50x165 through to Stevenson st.;
improvements renting for 5352 20 per month.
A GOOD NORTH OF MARKET CORNER.
$32,500 — Improvements ting for $2100 per
annum; 45x80; short distance from Market st
INVESTMENT CORNER ON HAIGHT ST.
$2fi,sou— Mqiiern buildintrs, nearly new; in
Ftores and flats; rents J2036 l>or annum; 65:9
MISSION STREET.
$25.000 — Improvements rould be enlarged at
small outlay and be mado a pood paying in-
vestment; SOxSO.
PARTITION SALE.
JCl.PCO— Howard st.. running through to
Tehama: 6 stores and 3 flats; 63:4x155: 2 front-
Rpes: hull of lot unimproved: present rents $140
IT month, which could be doubled ii lot were
fully built upon.
TAYLOR STREET.
J2Q.500— Larpe building, store and lodging
house; afixiST:'".: rents $ 1 o i «0 per annum.
FINE CORNER IN WESTERN ADDITION
$ls,ooO— Rents $1440 per annum; substantial 3-
f-tory modern bulklinf;: store and t upper floors;
concrete basement and 2 houses of 9 rooms and
bath ouch; 56:3x72; always rented; to close an
FLATS AND INVESTMENTS.
CORNER ON HOWARD STREET.
$15,500-rPrice greatly iced; 2 stores ana 4
flats: always rented: Improvements only about
' ■ V ? ! V S °'^ ; cost $ 15 >0*'; rents $10sO per annum;
85x122:6.
UNEQUALED.
$l'\soo-Putt«T st.: a elegant, modern Bats;
nearly new; s. 8 and 7 rooms and bath each-
rents lli>So per annum; 27:6x100; sunny side of
Ftr.?pt.
MUST BE SEEN TO BE APPRECIATED "
$«2' i>— We are instructed by the attorneys for
the heirs in the East to offer this property at
this prlre for a few days only; last appraise- j
tnpnt $11,000; Larkin s-t. ; 3 houses of 8 7 ami 7 I
rooms and bath each: rents $65; 303x100
t -CHEAP OAK STREET INVESTMENT.
$ivoo— 3 modern houses and lot ■•'.!"
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
$5150— Larkin st. ; 3 fine, modern flats- rents
BSIO per annum: will trade for equity above
mortgage of $4000.
THREE FLATS ON FILLMORE STP.EET.
$siWr-Rents $540 I er nnnum: 3 flats and lot;
nearly new; modern.
A Goon INVESTMENT.
$1000— Rents $450 per annum: Stein«r Bt.; 2
modern flats of 6 and 5 rooms and bath each;
*"/ A GOOD BUY.
$o*.>CA- Rents $444 per annum: 4 tenements and
lot 25xSl>; near Third and Howard sts.
HAVES STREET.
$257n — Rents $312 per annum; 3 fiats and lot;
this is a real bargain.
A GOOD MISSION INVESTMENT.
$:">00 — Very cheap: 2 tlats of f> and 4 rooms nnd
bath each; modern; lot; rents $318 per annum.
ELEGANT FILLMORE PT. RESIDENCE.
$6250 — A real bargain: a fine, modern 2-story
and basement residence of 7 rooms and bath;
'" HAIGHT STREET RESIDENCE.
f?f>oo— Very cheap; fine modern residence ot
12 rooms and bath; etc.; 23x112:6.
CHEAP MISSION* WARM BELT HOME.
$2<Vo— Nice modern 2-.nory ani Sh basement •
residence of "5 ro<-,nis and bath; 23x114; north
line of street; handy to several Ines of cars; |
nice garden: this is a bargain.
' EST \TF.
$?00— A cheap horn», near Hyde and Caltfor-
nia Btreet cars; 2-story house of 7 rooms and
VERY FINE BUSINESS m:r.
$^500 — Corner nn Devlsadero St.; 62:CxllO;
Fplendid location for stores and flats,
lfi CHOICE BUILDING LOTS-VERY CHEAP.
$1(00 and upward; corner. $20' X); Noe, Henry
nnd Fourteenth sts." 1 block from Market; Noe
Ft. accepted by city;- other streets macadam- i
Ized; £5x115 ami 25x105; 8 corner 27:6x105; level,
on tirade and ready for building; offered at \ery
low prices and being so nicely located, are sell-
Call and obtain one of our "Real Esta-.<*
Records," which contains a list of properties)
for sale in all parts of the city.
'-" & CO..
14 M St.
BOARDMAN, HOOPER & CO..
AGENTS,
$6000 — House of 11 rooms and bath; lot ' 80x i
137:6; r::i* st. n*ar <soueh; street work all
done; lot alone is worth more than price asked.
$4150— House of 6 rooms and bath; Hyde Et,
rear Jackson: lot properly improved; -.11 pay
11 per cent net on the Investment; Btreet work
all done.
J47nO— Near California and Pierce sts.: fine i
residence of 9 rooms and bath; here is a chance
to ifet a home at a very low figure.
$3300 — Beautiful home In the Mission; house
of S r-x>ms and J.ath; stable, etc.; lot 54x137:6
to rear street; fine carden, fruit trees, etc.;
improvements in fine condition.
!25,CK>0-'-Promtnent downtown business corner;
Improvements nominal; we have plans and bids
for improving this lot and can get guaranteed I
leases; will show over S per cent net on the ■
$6500— New flats near the Park; rents $«0 j
monthly; 6 and 7 rooms and bath;, street work !
$6000— Washington st., n^ar Central aye.; key
lot c-3xl27:SVi; street work all done,
}W- One of the finest residence lots In the :
marine view district; private street In rear;
1 127:6.
Fine lar-Kn lot runs from street to street; '
near Mission and Fremont Ets.
$4730— Larkin et, northwesterly corner; Ju«t
the thing for flats: lot 40x100; marine view; j
Uroet work all done.
J2IM each— Offer wanted; 2 lots on Sacra-
rnc-nto -t . near Lyon; 2.">x137:8 each; street work
done; stone sidewalk.
$3300— Fine lot for flats; Bush St.; 37:6x137:6.
$2^so— Pare St., near Ashbury; lot 25x137:«.
$4. r ,oo— Fine- building lot (business); Fillmore
riie.
$1250 — Turk St.; corner; 27:6x110.
$1530— Lyon st., not far from the Park; 25x100.
$17."9— L0t 25x100; Btreet work all done; mort-
nre of $1000 can remain; Green Et., near i
.
1.. Lot 40x60; near Third and Townsend '
ats . should be Improved ; would make fine ln-
sl2oo— Business lot; Clement st., near Fifth
$?no. cost lISOO exclusive of street work— Lot
25x120; Sixth aye., near entrance to Golden
* /<llfl I .1.i.. •
JK yrtur property Is mortgaged and you need
more money *e«j H. MURPHY, 630 Market gt
FOR SALi7.Tr. '. ~.7. '."
f-'utter-Ft. lot, 30:6x164:1 '
North fide, • reen
'. Scott and Devlsadero
Fln<" sunny lot; unusual frontage and depth:
• belongs to non-residents nnd must be sold;
see It, please; no reasonable offer refused.
Particulars of JULIEN SMITH, Real Estate
Agent, 420 Montgomery St.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE
Tv rk st
Half 50--vara
House of 12 rooms. Just renovated......
Very little cash required above mortgage, or
will take umall house or ttage for equity:
chance for bargain. Particulars of JULIEN
PMITH, Real Estate Acnt, 420 Montgom- ;
cry Et. l
A~ GRAND CORNER
COLONIAL RESIDENCE.
COR. OAK' AND LYON STS.
FACING iLDEN GATE PARK.
Hardwood l!nl«h. 2 baths, r> mantels, grand
dwnratlons, furnace and all modern con- I
veniences; Just Irf-Insr completed ; price and i
terms to suit; open for pectii in. DAN
EINSTEIN. Owner and Builder. 13 Mont-
gomery tt. J
HOUSE FOR PALE ....... ........
J-story frame
.Stable, she. l. etc.
To be romoved; east side of Broderick st, be-
twwn F.TT.imcnto .ir,<l Clay: see nnd make
offer. Apply to JULIEN SMITH, Real Estate
Agent, 42'> Montgomery st.
J 12200— A NEW 5-room nnd bath oottage. with
n!l the latest Improvements: lot 25x125; $400
cash, balance ' $25 monthly: Twentieth st.,
bet. CftMtro and Noe. F. NELSON, Builder.
JO.VT pay any more rent when you can buy
b pair of modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath for $1000 cash; balance same as rent;
go lock at them Frederick st.. near Clayton.
jr/tfO-^LOT alone worth the price; Broadway,
near Gough: fine neighbor! patent slde-
wnlk: street bitumlnlzed; house of 6 ■ .'-.rns
bath: 25x130. W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Mont-
gomery Bt.
$5600t-53600 on mortgage at C<* per cent; Twen-
ty-second and Florida; cornei vacant; | good
flats of 4, 6 and R rooms, bath, nn Florida st. ;
a fine location for a grocery; 50x101. W. H.
CRIM & CO., lIS Montgomery et.
$1000— BUILDING? lot on grade; etreet accepted;
Twenty-second, near Alabama; half cash; 25x
80. CRIM &. CO-. 1W ...... y Bt.
$15.000— BUSINESS block: clears 7 per cent.
$4KOO— Busjl house nd lot; business part.
$5800— S-room modern t age; Western Add'n.
«250O — A cony new cottage; warm belt.
GERMAN-AMERICAN. 34 Kearny st
tlflOO CASH: $ISOO mortgage: residence: nr. Cas-
tro cars. GEO. W. CHAPIN, 11 Montgomery.
CITY R.KAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
PAYS OVER 17 PER CENT.
$2800— Clementina St.. near Fourth; 2 2-story
houses; store and flats; rent $39; mortgage of
$2100 can remain.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$3600— Church and Clipp sts, ; 2-story build-
Ing; store and tlats; lot 30X100.
$4850—124 Beulah St.. close to Golden Gate
Park, between Waller and Frederick; lot 25x
137:6, with brand-new 2-story bay- window resl-
dence of 8 rooms and bath, etc.; finished base-
ment'; t-treet accepted; open Sunday.
GREAT BARGAIN.
$2300— idsome new bay-window cottage, 6
rooms, bath, etc.; Jot 25x120; Fourteenth aye.,
near Clement et. ; facing proposed drive con-
nectlng the park with the Presidio.
$ywO— Clay st.. near Battery; 2-story brick
building; store and 2 floors above; cement base-
ment; rent $70,
J9oo— sloo cash, balance In monthly install-
ments; new cottagre of 4 rooms and basement;
Butler St.. near Cortland aye.
$7250— Corner on Clay st., near Mason; 3-story
building; store and 20 rooms above; lot 2Sx7O;
under lease..
$300 CASH, BALANCE $25 MONTHLY.
$2600— Nice 2-story bay-window house on Clip-
per st., near Castro; contains 7 rooms and bath;
forecli sale.
$1700— Hartford St.. near Eighteenth; cottage
of 4 rooms, bath, etc.; brick foundation; lot
24:7x125.
$2750— 5500 cash, balance monthly; close to the
corner of Nineteenth and Valencia sts.; 2-story
house of 6 rooms: lot 25x75.
$4101 Rent $57.; Clementina St.; lot 60x75; 2
2-story lings, one of brick, the other Is a
frame building; biggest kind of a bargain.
$4,00 — jiOO cash, balance same as rent — Do-
lores-st. corner, new residence of 7 rooms and
bath; handsomely decorated; modern plumbing,
J etc.; lot 83x90; corner 82x63 vacant; should be I
Improved with etores and flats.
I JtijOO — 1315 Mason Bt., near Jackson; lot Six
i 137:6. with 3-story residence of 12 rooms and
I bath; also rear house of 5 rooms; stable for 6
) horses.
$a 750 — Rent $87; Folsom-st. cdrner; 5 tene-
I ments; lot 25x112:6; a splendid Interest-paying
property.
$7250 — fine handsome new flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath: best portion of Devlsadero St.;
rent J62 50; lot 25x100.
$500 CASH. BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
$5000— Fine new residence, . S rooms; hard-
wood floors; beautifully decorated rooms;
latest plumbing; street work accepted; 767 'C01e
Et.. near Frederick; no reasonable offer refused.
$3350— Seventb-st. corner, near Folsom; lot
25x80; ground rent $20.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE in Mill Valley; $3250; easy terms. «or
will exchange for San Francisco property; in
best portion of Mill Valley, near station; ex-
tra large corner lot, with good cottage of 6
rooms, bath, etc. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery^st. *
PARK LOTS. * ~
PARK LOTS.
PARK LOTS.
$25 CASH. $5 MONTHLY.
Come out to our branch office Sunday and
see the large number of people there buying j
lots. Most successful sale In years; cheapest
lots offered in years; grand" views; splendid ell- i
mate; no drifting- sand. ■"
PRICES— S2OO. $250 AND $275.
TERMS— CASH. $5 MONTHLY.
Lots on Eighth, Ninth, Tenth and Eleventh, i
ayes., near Golden Gate Park; large amount of I
i-treet work now beinc done and many new
homes being erected; take Haighi or Ellis st.
cars, transfer to electric roud running to Cliff
H ise, get off at H st. and Ninth aye. Our
branch offlce is on the corner; maps, price lists
etc.. there. BALDWIN A HOWELL,
lO Montgomery st.
CHEAP LOTS— CHEAP LOTS.
$4250— Presidio Heights bargain; 100 feet front-
age, inning back to Presidio fence; on Jack-
Eon St., near Cherry: magnificent view.
$1250— ther bargain; First aye., near Jack-
son st.; large lot. 3oxl20; tine elevated position,
commanding a superb view.
$1000— $50 cash, balance $10 monthly; Third
aye., between California and Clement sts.;
large lots; splendid neighborhood; you can I
build when first payment is made.
$2200— Folsom St., between Twenty-fourth and •
Twenty-fifth; 25x122:6; Btreet bitumenized; :
stor.e sidewalk; splendid surroundings.
$2000— Maybe less; Howard St., between Twen- !
ty-flfth and Twenty-sixth; 25x6x117:6 to alley.
$230— 523 cash, $5 monthly; Twenty-sixth aye.
near Clement st.; Sutro cars on Clement St.;
nice level lot.
$1475— 0n1y three left; Frederick st, between
Cole and Shraderr Bunny side of street; cheap-
est lots in Panhan-ile. District; 1 block from the
park.
jsnOO— Sacramento st.. between Laguna and
But-hanan; -J'.'xl37:6; select neighborhood.
$4730 — Fine corner cl< - to town; Pare and ■
Laguna Ets.; 86x57.:6; suitable for Hats; all
street work done.
BALDWIN &- HOWELL,
in Montgomery at.
O. F. YON KHEIN & CO.,
513 CALIFORNIA ST. !
IMPROVED.
30x160 to rear street— Mission St., near Fourth; ;
brick Improvements; reills $146 50; $26,000.
Montgomery aye., through to Washington st. ;
brick Improvement* rents Jl9o.
2Sxl2'J to reai street— st., near Jones; 11- !
room house; rent JC3.
27:6xS7:6— California Bt., near Larkin; 2 flats; j
rents $66 50; always rented.
47:6x137:6— Broderlck St.. north of Golden Gate !
aye. ; residence, stable, grounds, etc.
20x80— Mission St., near Third; store and '
dwelling; $15,000.
37:6x55— Mason St., near Post; 2-story double i
houses; rents $67 50; $12,000.
50x137:^— Pine St., near Larkin; old improve- i
ments; $10,000.
20x57:6— Corner Dupont and Hinckley; store
and lodging-house; rents s\": $9000,
50x73— Clementina St., near Fifth; 2 houses; :
rents $71; $R5OO.
27:6x120— With Improvements; on Linden aye.; I
Hayes Bt, near l.uyuna; $6300.
25xS0— Fourth St., near Harrison; store and '
flat; J6SOO; sale urgent.
25x60— Commercial 6t., near Front; brick ;
building; $5000.
61x117—6 modern flat 6; rents $110; sunny and
fashionable; Mission belt.
25x75 — Corner Eighteenth and Collingwood
sts.; store and flats; $7000.
49:6xS8— Corner Secohd and North Park lane; I
12-room house; $7000.
25x85 — Nineteenth st., near Valencia; 2-story '
house of 8 rooms and bath; $5000.
24:3x69:9— Green Ft., near Powell; new modern
bay-window flat*; rents $38; $4500.
40x137:6— Chestnut St., near Stockton; 4 flats- '
rents $35; $4000.
Twenty-fourth St., near Guerrero; B-
room house ; $4000.
25x68— Green, near Hyde; modern double flats.
20x76:6— Vallejo Et., near Powell; $4000.
25x122:6— 5h0t well Bt., near Twenty-fourth; 2
flats; I3SW.
20x3R:9— Brannan place, north of Green St.; 2-
story hoiiße and rear house: rents $24; $1600.
25x75— Shipley St., near Sixth; 6 flats; rents
$35; $3100.
25x114:6— Twenty-second. St., near Guerrero; 2-
story houEe; $2900.
2.-.XSO— Federal st., near First; front and rear
house: rents $26; $£260.
r Twenty-sixth St., near Harrison; j
cottage; $2100.
UNIMPROVED.
61 vara— Hayes and Lyon sts.
6f.xll7:6— Church and Twenty-third stfl.
2.-.XlOO— Florida St., north of Eighteenth; ad-
joining Union Brewery; offer wanted.
$Ox7l:lO— SE. corner Polk and Lombard Ftp.
_-!-\-l '.'.- Corner Ftlimore and Germania; $2750.
87:4^4x187:6— near Polk; $2000.
26x116— Scott St., near Washington.
25xfi5— Thirteenth St., near Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100— Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
25x95— Thirteenth, bet. Valencia and Jessie.
25x110— Noe st., near Ford; $1500.
60xl£S— Corner B st. and Twenty-fifth aye.
Twenty-eighth, near Dolores; $1000.
25x90— Twenty-fourth St.. near Douglass; $850.
Sliver Terrace Homestead lots cheap.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. ,630 Market st.
RENTS $38. PRICE $3000. »
6 flats south of Market Bt. ; lot 25x100; prop-
erty all rented: these flnts must be sold; will
shade this cheap price.
NEW PARK PANHANDLE.
S fine new modern flats rented for $S7 50* lot
25x106; price $9000.
SEVENTH BT., NEAR NEW POSTOFFICE.
Store and 3 rooms below, R rooms above;
rents $f.O; price $5000; will take less.
A CHEAP HOME
In Western Additiop; Bush st, near Webster;
7 rooms and bath; lot 23x75; only $3300.
A BRICK HOUSE.
fl rooms and bath, 2 patent cloßets; south of
Market st. ; big lot, 37:6x75; reduoed to $2950.
PRICE $6250. RENTS $60.
2 fine flats near the Park; lot 25x103; a good
buy.
NEAR GOLF CLUB,
On Seventh aye., bet. Lake and Presidio; lots
run back to Mountain Lake Park; $750 and
$1000.
VERY CHEAP.
Lot on Fourteenth, near Market; 26x115.
A SAN RAFAEL HOME.
Beautiful place In San Rafael; residence of 15
rooms with lot 266x100; will be sold at a great
bargain.
SEND FOR OUR LIST
Of Panhandle and Alamo square lots, also Pa-
cific and Presidio Heights lots.
McAFEE BROS., McAFEE BROS..
108 Montgomery pt., San Francisco.
NEW MODERN CORNER FLATS-
' BIG BARGAINS.
PRICE $4SOO.
RENTS $540 PER YEAR.
Flats contain 5 and 8 rooms each, with every
known modern convenience contained In a
new bulldlnu;- street bltumlnlzed: terms to
suit purchaser. Apply to F. NELSON, cor.
Twentieth and Castro sts.
.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1899.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
PINE-ST. RESIDENCE.
.sB,ooo— Elegant residence of 12 rooms and bath
I ' and stable; ai condition; street bltu-
mlnlzed; cement sidewalk; bank mort-
gage of $5000, can remain; lot 42x137:6.
$7,500— Substantial well-built house of 9 rooms
and bath; also stable In rear; street
bltumenized; cement sidewalk; Califor-
nia and Fillmore street cars; 2 lots, 2f>x
137:6 each.
INVESTMENT IN OUTSIDE LAND.
Offer wanted on. outside land block;
few blocks from ocean boulevard; must
be sold.
BARGAIN.
$6,000— On north side of Golden Gnte.ave.; 2
stores and cottage; rents $J0 per month;
large lot, 43:6x137:6 to rear Ftreet.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS CORNER RESIDENCE.
$15,000— Elegant modern residence, built Colo-
nial style; commands an unsurpassed
view of bay and Mount Tamalpals; in-
■ . . terlor of house finished in hardwood;
beautiful mantels; eas and electricity
throughout the house; large corner lot;
87:6x100.
A SNAP.
$3,500— A fine pair of flats; sunny side of
street; half a block north of Market St.:
street bitumenlzed: land alone worth
more than price asked; rent 3 tZ2 per
month.
SANCHEZ-ST. FLATS.
$3,000—2 flats of 5 and 4 rooms, bath and base-
ment; all modern conveniences; almost
new; street work all done; lot 25x100.
MAKE AN OFFER.
A fine block of lots on San Bruno
road; must be Bold.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Will sell for debts and expenses a
well-built cottaee In one of the best
< parts . of the Mission, near Twentieth
. and Valencia Bts.; at a small expense
can be made into flats. j /.•
McALLISTER-ST. FLATS.
$4750—5 elegant flats of 6, 6. 6 rooms: rents $44:
•> street bitumenlzed; near Park Panhan-
dle; 25x137 :€. '
TEHAMA-ST. INVESTMENT.
$3,000—2 blocks from Third and Market sts.;
4 flats, rented low at $32 per month; will
take lot in part payment.
INVESTMENT IN FLATS.
$2,600— $336 per annum; 4 fine flats of 4
rooms each; separate basement; street
bitumenlzed; cement sidewalk; lot 26
XlOO.
MISSION COTTAGES.
$2,soo— Nice cottage of 8 rooms; finished base-
ment; on Alabama st. ; choice location;
cash above mortgage $1000; lot 25x100.
We hold our resrular auction sales
every two weeks. For further particu-
lars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market st.
HOUSES and cars built on easy terms near the
loyely ocean beach, Forty-eighth aye. and .1
St., within 10 minutes' walk of the Cliff and
fronting the Boulevard. Branch offlce estab-
lished on the block. A fr*e bus will be run
to-morrow from the Boulevard station to
block 722 for -inspection from 10 to 4.
JACOB HEYMAN & SON, Owners and
Builders. 19 Montgomery st.
8 NEW houses for sale on the-Heyman Tract,
Twenty-third st. and Hoffman aye., on $15
and $20 monthly Installments. Stop paying
rent. Do . not delay, but come -and see ua
'for explanation. You can get a home for
your rent money Instead of enriching the
landlord month after month.
Take Mlssion-st. cars, transfer to Twenty-
second st. Ride to the terminus of the line,
which brings you to the tract. Our branch
office Is near by, where our agent will talk
to you.
JACOB HEYMAN A SON, Owners and
Builders, 19 Montgomery Ft.
$10 MONTHLY will buy you a new 3-room
cottage near Holly Park; near Mission elec-
tric cars.
$100— LOTS In Colma, on the electric road; easy
terms. JACOB HEYMAN, 19 Montgomery.
$100— LOTS south of Golden Gate Park in
block S-'S, close to block ■-•'•. $10 down and
$2 50 per month. JACOB HEYMAN & SON,
19 Moi tgomery st.
IF your property Is mortgaged 1 and you need,
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market St.
CENTER & SPADER,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
11 MONTGOMERY ST. (Lick House Block.)
$11.000— Must be sold to close an estate;
choice lot on Brannan St., nr. Fourth; 100x120.
$21,000— Rents $200 per month; substantial
business property on Mission st.; large lot, 50x
245; this is positively cheap.
$9000— Price reduced; rents $100 per month;
stores and flats; on Stockton St.; a snap.
$6500— Rents $60; etore and flat of 6 rooms;
2045 Folsom st . nr. Seventeenth; alwayß rent-
ed; lot 25x1C6; a bargain.
$4000— Modern residence on Twentieth st, nr.
Valencia; 6 rooms and bath. ■•" :
$2250 — Choice lots on Guerrero st., nr. Twen-
tieth; street work complete; 25x100 each.
$900— Nice building lots on Florida si., nr.
Sixteenth; 25x100 each.
$2400 — Make an offer; 2 modern flats of 4
rooms and bath: rents $25 per month; No. 132
Parker aye. ; lot 25x100.
$4250— Choice lot on Devlsadero, nr. Washing-
ton ; 32x100; street work all done.
$3000— Snap; lot on Washington, nr. Devisa-
dero; 37:6x62; street paved and accepted.
$6000 — NW. cor. Devlsadero and Washington;
30x100; cheap.
A. J. RICH & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, 112 Montgomery st.
$9000 — Must be sold; reduced from $12,000: an
elegant residence, 10 rooms and bath; in finest
condition; sanitary plumbing, etc.; Hush St.,
near Webster; make an offer.
$11, CX!— Fulton Bt., near Pierce; |arg< resi-
dence lot. 30x137:6; opposite Alamo square; line
view; make an offer.
$11,000— Post-st. residence, between Van Ness
aye. and Franklin St.; 10 rooms and bath; lot
27:6x137:6; choice location. '
$4100 — Haight st. and Central aye. ; choice lot;
3 frontages; fine Ic-atlon for building flats.
$3200— McAllister st.; lot 25x137:6; near Devisa-
dero St.; convenient to cable and electric cars.
BUSINESS INVESTMENTS.
$300,000— Downtown business location; pays 5
per cent net; 5-story brick building.
$30,000— st., near Market; good Im-
provements.
$15,000— Geary St., bet. Mason and Taylor.
A.J. Rl<-H & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. 112 Montgomery st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see. H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
VAN NESS AVENUE.
THREE 60 VARAS
FOR SALE AT LOW PRICES.
137'?x109 NE. cor. Van Ness aye.
and Lombard Bt.
137'/4x109 SE. cor. Van Ness aye.
and Chestnut st.
137'-,x123 SE. cor. Van Ness aye.
and Francisco st.
The above offered at very low figures to
close a business Investment If sold Immedi-
ately. Address box A-23. Call office.
$2000— MODERN cottage; 1-year-old; on Twelfth
aye., near Clement: owner has to leave; can
arrange; easy terms.
— 25x100; great bargain; lot on Dolores,
near Twenty-ninth.
$600— Great snap; 25x190; lot on Masonic aye.,
near Congress; on the grade; $900 has been
refused for it.
$400— Very cheap; lots .on Prospect, near Ea-
meralda; close to Mlsslon-st. cars.
McEWEN BROS., lIS Montgomery Bt.
$12,000 — A FINE buy; 5 modern flats on Hayes
«t.; Income $1224 per annum; lot 50x137:6.
$10.250— modern flats nr. Laguna and
Golden Gate aye. ; rents $80 per month.
$3750 — Two modern flats of 4 and 5 rooms;
fine location; always rented.
$1000 each— Eight choice lots on Ashbury
Heights; a fine opportunity for a builder.
ENGLISH & MORRISSEY, 630 Market st.
$1000— Menlo Park; large lot with comfort-
able cottage; or will rent for $10 per month.
Apply to owner, MRS. ROSENOARTEN. on
premises, Menlo Park Villa lots or McEWEN
BROS., 118 Montgomery st. •
FINE cozy new cottages, 6. and 6 rooms on
Tiffany aye., near Twenty-ninth and Miu-
plon; well constructed and strictly modern;
everything to make them nice and comfort-
able. Apply on premises to-day; easy terms.
BOULEVARD,, 19th aye.; lots 25x120;' prices,
$225; $10 down and $10 per month; free car-
riage to intending buyers: branch offlce 622
Stanyan St., between Halght and Waller; go
out to-day. McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgom-
ery st.
HOUSE and lot with 2 flats; 706 Birch aye., bet.
WebHter and Buchanan; $600 down, balance
same as rent. Apply W. WOLF, 403 Ellla st.
SOL GETZ 4- RROTHER.
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$100— $300— lots near Ocean Beach; very
easy Installments.
$100— Bargains! Level lots Jn Ocean
View, near eiectric cars; $10 down; $5 monthly.
$400 to Jlooo— Beautiful Sunset Heights lots;
superb view; fine climate; $25 down; $10
monthly.
$250 to $700— Choicest Richmond lots; all bar-
gains; easy payments.
$100 to $800— near Mlsslon-st. electric
can; ready- to build on.
Branch of flee on Ninth aye., near H St.;
open Sundays.
BOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM • A. CROCKER BUILDING.
C. C. BEMIS Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery Bt.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-sev-
enth and Douglass sts.; must be sold; £oxll4
feet.
$2800— North line Carl st., near Stanyan; 50x
137:6 feet.
Residence and lot— North line Pacific- aye.,
near Webster; lot 30x127:814 feet.
In Berkeley— Corner lot; 87x150, with modern
house of 9 rooms. . .
FOR — Corner house on Ellis rt. ; central;
reasonable; no agents. Box 909, Call offlce.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents.
Established ISSB. 626 Market' st.
Stockton Bt., first block from Market; fine
piece of business property at a bargain.
Mission 8t... bet. Ninth and Tenth; 2 flats; can
be raised and tstore put under at small expense;
lot 30x87:6; a bargain. •
Must be sold — Two fine flats on Hayes St.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low, $55; only $7250; make offer.
$4500— Bush St., near Devlsadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
Gough St., near Fulton; 11 rooms and
bath; laundry and large cellar; lot 31x82:6.
$2600 only for a nice 2-story house In perfect
order; Hampshire Bt., near Eighteenth; lot 25x
.100. •
$5000— flats; Twenty-first St., near Va-
lencia; rents $39 per month; lot 23x90.
$5000— O'Farrell St., near Devisadero; 3 houses;
rents $42 per month; lot 45x80. .
$2900— Twenty-fifth st., near Banchea; • rooms
and bath; 24:3x114.
$3000— Cottage and lot; Twenty-first St., near
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114,
$1500— Near Sixteenth and Church sts.; cottage
of 4 rooms and lot 26x70.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$20,000— aye., southwest corner Octavla
Bt. ; 50x127:8.
Corner on Halght and Octavia sts. ; 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
$5200— Oak St., opposite the Park, near Clay-
ton; 60x137:6.
Church St., near Sixteenth; 60x125; only $2000
per lot.
$2000 — California, near Broderick; 24:9x82:6.
$3.".oo— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
2750— .C1ay St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
Twenty-first St., near Sanchez; 50x114.
$1600— Filbert St., cor. Buchanan; 25x90.
$1750— Union St., near Webster; 25x100.
$1000— Seventh aye., near J St.; 25x120.
$900— Twenty-first st., between Diamond and
Eureka: 26x9T:6.
— Jersey St., near Noe; 25x114. "
$Soo— Twentieth St., cor. Douglass; 30x110.
California st., near Second aye.; 25x100; $SOO.
Tremont aye., near Frederick St.; 25x75.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site the Nevada Hank.
$64,000 — A centrally located property; 1 block
from Market st. and the former Baldwin; Im-
proved lot, 55:6x137:6.
$1)5,000 — Fine Market-st. property; east of
Third st.
$10,000 only— Just think of it! for 3 2-story
bay-window houses; brick foundation; bitu-
men garden walks; fine view; on Halght St.,
near Webster; large lot; rent $75.
$25.(m'0— Rent $ISS; fine business proposition
on Larkln St., south of Geary; large lot; sub-
stantial 3-story bay-window house, 2 stores
and S flats of 6, 6 and 4 rooms each.
$25,000— Rent $160; a prominent northwest
corner, 65x100 feet; improvement of 8 stores
and 3 flats above and 2 cottages, all rented;
$38,000 was offered for it and refused some 4
! yean ago; there is a fortune In this property.
000— Mission st., near Sixth; lot 45x80
feet, with 2 10-room houses, which should be
raised and stores put under to make it one of
the best-paying properties.
$28,500— Rent $2710 per annum; a splendid
business corner in Western Addition.
$3750— Rent $30; business property; store and
flats; always rented.
PAYS 19 per cent— Owner will Bell next Monday
Or Tuesday, not later, for $2750 cash or part
cash and mortgage property on Clementina
Et., near Fourth; rents $4!'; only chance In
your life. Owner, 131 Montgomery, room 26,
$1300 AND $2400— 5100 cash. $25 a month; 4 and
5 room cottages, with bath and basement; all
latest Improvements, 524 Elizabeth st. or
USA Eleventh. J. ANDERSON. Builder.
A— 510,250; BUSINESS property; Western Ad-
dition; prominent corner; 3 stores, cellar and
stable; Improvements new; great bargain. L.
OESTERREICHER. 11 Montgomery st.
$6000—2 ELEGANT flats. 6 and 7 rooms; base-
ment partly finished; large stable. 2229 and
2231 Fifteenth st., between Noe and Castro;
owner liv.s lower flat.
IF you have lots that you wish to sell north i
of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. .1. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
CASH snap— Btores with living roomB;
on Mission St.; lot 64 ft. front; price $5500;
cash, $3500; balance can remain. ROBINSON, |
2:' : _. Geary St., room 27.
CHEAPEST and besi in America— The Weekly
Call, 1C pases, sent to any addrem in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
n.-^tairp i til.
COUNTRY KML iiSTATH.
10-ACRE tracts of fine fruit land near New-
castle, Nevada and Placer counties; linfst
Bartlett pear belt In California; over 2000
bearing fruit trees near by: no interest: no
taxes: $15 to $25 per acre. JACOB HEYMAX
6 SON, 19 Montgomery st. -
DAIRY farm on shares: cows, horses and i>lks,
chickens, orchard; all utensils; good chance
for a responsible man and wife; n" capital
required. Apply in person to R. E. ROW-
LAND, Orinda Park, back of Berkeley.
$9000— MAKE offer; a superb-paying home, 2
miles from Santa Clara; 13'-i acres, all In
bearing trees; larir" house, barn, windmill
tank and all implements. Inquire at 9 Geary
st.. room 15.
LAKE County; stock, grain, fruit and poultry
ranches; Improved and unimproved. C. H
BOLLES. Kelseyvllle. Cal.
WATSON VILLH: 20 acres; apples; prunes; im-
provements; $2500. ANDREW PRICE, 206
Kearny Bt., room Rf>6.
MARIN CO., 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $90 per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., rm. 27, Bth floor, Mills bldg., S.F.
FOR SALE — Chicken ranch ' and suburban
house. 4 acres, cheap. T. Abrams, Petaluma.
NEW rich land near city; email and larg»
tracts: 1160 acres soiu to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
rmleed In dry season nf 1597-98 addr*si THE
COTATI CO.. SO2 California st.. 8. F.
$S TO $30 an acre: list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal. ;
BELVEDERE REAL estate.
BELVEDERE— " ""
For sale— A bargain; one of the handsomest
residences on beautiful Belvedere; 8 modern
rooms and larce lot; fronting on both roads;
one-third cash, balance monthly. Box 3S
Call office.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
EQUITY of $5000 jn city residence, beßt street,
for country home; state particulars. Box
18, Call office.
2 LOTS; 50x120 In all; south of Park, on 7th J
aye., bet. X and J; In exchange; house and
lot in Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley; worth'
about $2000. Address A. D., Fruitvale P. O. I
GOOD-PAYING Eastern property for California
real estate, stock land preferred; table board
for groceries: table board for piano. 712 I
Eleventh St., Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST A FEW LEFT BUT
ROOM FOR MANY MORE.
4. 6, 6, 7-room cottages, near school 9 and
stations; from $1000 to $3500; easy Installments;
Just like paying rent; make an offer.
Houses built on easy terms; no reason for
not having a home.
MARCUEE & REMMEL,
' Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market I
st., San Francisco. Open Sundays and holi-
days.
$800— 5-ROOM house; lot 60x130.- f
$1900 — Modern house of 5 rooms; lot 40x130.
— Lot; San Antonio aye.; 140x150; highly
Improved. ' I '
$10,000— . aye. 75x150; elegant house, 10
rooms.
We offer a special bargain In lot 60x150, first-
class location, $1250. or will build house to suit.
Furnished and unfurnished houses to rent. .
E. I). JUDD CO..
1424 Park st., Alameda.
$2000— LARGE corner lot and 6-room new mod-
ern cottage (to order); 6-room cottnge. $1800
J. H. YOUNG. Builder, 1243 Park st.
$1450— LOT 50x125:6; on Central aye.: great bar-
grain. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO.,
.1706. Market st.
FOR Hale— House, f> rooms and bath; lot 35x115.
Apply 1525 Pacific aye., Alameda. .
AJ.AMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health: large
grounds; private. MRS. 'u'NKE, 1416 Sth st.
ALAMEDA FVRNISHED HOl/9EsT~
BEAUTIFUL furnished house in Alameda: 12
rooms and bath; punny corner; large grounds
' and stable: full particulars at office. BURN-
HAM & MARSH CO.. 20 Montgomery s.t.
r PROPERTY WANTED. ~
WANTED— House of 6 rooms, with 3 or 4 acres
of land with fruit trees and vegetable garden
around San Leandro, Haywards, Fruitvale
Apply Call Office.
HOUSE and lot wanted; $2500 to $3000; cash
Box 32, Call office. -
FINANCIAL^ ™
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought: short
notice. J. GOLLOBER, 25 Battery st. -
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg., chat-
■ tels, etc. Harper & Kreiger,3l2 Examiner bl*.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9Orf BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEK »
OAKLAND. ALAMEDA AND BERKELEY
KEAL ESTATE.
San Francisco office, rooms 15 and 16, Mills
building, second floor.
OAKLAND OFFICE-CORNER EIGHTH
AND BROADWAY.
$35,000— 0n Thirteenth St., near Washington;
60 feet frontage; 3-story brick; Income $200 per
month now; value Increasing; sure and grow-
ing income.
$10,000— A Clay st. corner; right on line of
improvement; sure to be In the heart of Oak-
land's business center; 40x103.
$10,000— Fine Income property; rents $90 per
month; 75x76; a corner; 4 buildings; good loca-
tion for business; will always rent; owner will
exchange Vs. balance cash or mortgage.
$140,000— Broadway business block; 100x150; on
prominent corner; Income $888 per month;
steady tenants; 3-story building in perfect con-
dition; cash or mortgage at 6'i per cent, bal-
ance in Al grain or sugar beet land; best busi-
ness corner in Oakland.
$2500 — A desirable cottage home near narrow
gauge local to San Francisco; 6 rooms and bath;
in fine order; lot 30x100; former price $3250;
must sell.
$40 per front foot— ln Boulevard Terrace, near
Lake Merrltt; surrounded by the very best
homes; on bltumtnized street; 2UO feet frontage
in subdivisions to suit; cost present owner $»0
per foot.
$3000— Modern 2-story house; corner lot; near
local station; to exchange for other property;
will pay from $2000 to $3000 difference.
$7000—15 acres fine, rolling land, near Hay-
wards, Alameda County; 9 acres In fruit; 4000
grape vines; new modern house eight rooms;
first-class barn and outbuildings; 1 mile Irom
pustoftlce; a beautiful place:
$10,000—6 acres; fine large house of 8 rooms;
beautiful grounds; good outbuildings; all in
bearing fruit; elegant country home; on elec-
tric line; Haywards, Alameda County.
$10,000—25 acres; strictly modern house of 7
rooms; first-class barn, windmill, tank, etc.;
1 separate house for tenant; all in young orchard,
full bearing; very productive; horses, wagon,
farming utensils, fruit boxes, fruit driers, etc.;
beautiful country home; 1 mile from P. U. ; fine
view; good roads; near Haywards, Alameda
County.
$6300— 2.'2 acres fine warm soil, 7 miles from
town; suitable for stock farm; *& can be cul-
tivated; 40 acres bottom land; well fenced and
cross fenced; 6 acres in alfalfa; can be Irri-
gated; 3 large fields. 6 small fields; ranch house,
with barns, etc.; near Haywards.
$20 per acre — 1000 acres beautiful rolling land
in San Mateo County, 4 miles from Redwood
City; an Ideal stock ranch.
j $25,000— L1 vermore vineyard; 213 acres; S miles
I from town; one of the famous producing vlne-
i yards of the State; $15,000 worth of other prop-
erty taken In exchange; balance on mortgage;
this place ha 3 cost uv* $40,000.
$2500— An offer wanted for a 10-acre orchard
at Sunol; cost $4500; will exchange and assume
mortgage.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
Rooms 15 and 16, second floor.
Mills building, San Francisco.
Corner Eighth and Broadway, Oakland.
BEAUTIFUL ELMHURST— OakIand Euburbs.
near S. P. or electric station, 40 minutes from
B. P., Vo minutes from Oakland; home lota In
sizes to BUlt; 60x126 feet, with a new modern
ige, for $660; planted in shade and truit
trees i a beautiful summer home); $o0 down,
balance to suit purchaser. Further particu-
lars, address JACOB HETMAN & SON, 19
Mi Qtgomery st., S. F., or I*o2 Broadway,
Oakland.
$1300— A lovely cottage in East Oakland; sold
same as rent.
Also 10-room house In Frultvale; $3700; nice
1 •
Bend for a choice list for what you want In
Oakland. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broadway, Oak-
land.
$30' i, WO— Business property; corner: Income $21,-
-| >r annum. E. E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway,
< 'akland.
$££ cash. $5 monthly till paid for, will buy 5
level lots and single dwelling; 250 feet new
f-noing and shade trees; price (300 in all;
Una soil; grand view; excellent climate; lays
in tropical Frultvale Valley; settling up rap-
Idly; streets all graded; main avenue ma-
ixnlzed; close to a tine boulevard; elec-
tric car lines and a fine larere grammar Fchool
house. Call or send for circular, iofi Seventh
i st., near Brrf&dway, Oakland; carriage free.
li. '/.. JONES, Owner.
JT.'.'V NEAT 4-room cottage; city water; lot 50x
108; Frultvale.
J3".0 cash— modern 6-room 2-story house; lot
33x150; balance of $l."00 on mortgage at S
I per cent; Kast Oakland.
For exchange — Fine 9-room house; all mod-
ern; Inside property; etalile and windmill.
For particulars apply to JAMES E.
WHITE, '.""■> Broadwny, Oakland, rms. 3<j & 37.
I HAVE n fine 12-rooms house, beautiful cor-
ner. 100x100; center of Oakland: worth $8000;
will sell cheap for cash or exchange f<.r ranch
near Ban Francisco. C. P. KEKN. 1010 Broad-
way. Oakland.
FOR sale— Tent 12x4; also two platforms at Mill
Valley. BOX A 3, ' 'all.
CAMERAS— Line of new Premos, Pocos, etc.
(drummers' samples) to dispose at once; will
sell below cost. 513 Examiner building.
I DRUGSTORE fixtures, Flint's Pharmacy;
i shelving, counters, show cases, shelf ware,
etc.; to be removed before May 1; price $500;
cost over $5000. BOWMAN & CO.. 1109 Broad-
way, Oakland.
WRITE TO
E. E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway, Oakland.
If you want a farm or home in a beautiful
land.
Fruit, dairy, agriculture or Btock farm, large
or small: perfect titles: specialties of large
tracts for colonies, lumbermen or cattle
ranch in California and Mexico. For sale or
exchange, 1000 ranches, city residence and busi-
ness property, business chances, orange groves,
vineyards; houses rented; taxes paid; corre-
spondence solicited.
K. E. BT'NCE. 908 Broadway, Oakland.
NEW 6-room cottage, high basement, all mod-
ern Improvements and 4 vacant lots with
bearing fruit trees, grounds and walks; $200
down balance same as rent. Field Realty
Co., 1145 E. 14th St.. nr. 23d aye.. E. Oakland.
$5000— Two 5-room cottages In Livermore, with
block of land, barn, chicken houses, orchard;
all clear; to exchange for Oakland or Ala-
meda property. B. H. WELCH & CO., 1353
Fifth are.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, went to any address In the
T'nlted States or Canada one year for $1,
postage trnid.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FOR rent— Nicely furnished rooms, with or
without board, at the Flfth-ave. Boarding
House, 1379 Fifth avenue, corner Eighteenth
st.. East Oakland; convenient to electric
cars; terms very reasonable. MRS. VIC-
TORIA McDonald.
FIRST-CLASP rooms and board In private fam-
ily; large grounds; with advantages of coun-
try: convenient to Oakland and San Fran-
cisco; references required. Address P. O. box
"S. Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND FIRNIBHED HOUSES
9-ROOM modern house for 8 to 8 months; 1
bloi-k to car; nice neighborhood. Addresß
WM. P. TOPP & CO., 1050 Broadway, Oakld.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR S\LE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealpr. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
MONEY TO LOAN.
TO LEND. SUMS FROM $500 TO $50,000, at
from 6 per cent on mortgage of real estate,
for a term of years, or redeemable by Install-
ments.
Money loaned on PATENTS, INVENTIONS
FINANCED and capital procured to DEVELOP
AND PERFECT SAME. R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first: you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg. 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1917 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 64 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 84< Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save in-
terest. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister Bt.
$00 TO $60,000; lowest Tates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HILLEGASS TRACT.
10 minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet In depth; fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwight way station.
Cheapest choice property inAlameda County.
JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley Station.
FOR rent, completely furnished, modern 12-
-room house; Berkeley, Cal. Apply D. J
TOBIN, 2121 Stanford place, Berkeley sta-
tion; telephone Red 204.
FOR sale at a bargain— Almost new house of
7 rooms and bath; 2 blocks from depot; street
work done; faces west: fine view of bay and
hills; only $250 down and $17 10 per month.
). O. MAY & CO., 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
BOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE In rear of 81(Wi Geary St.; 5 rooms and
bath; 120. Apply LANDKY & BABIN, 413
Kearny st.
HOUSR of 5 rooms, cellar and yard; rent $9.
32 Sycamore aye., between 17th and 18th sts.
LOMBARD, 1010— House of 5 rooms; flower gar-
den: pigeon and chicken houses: 50-vara lot;
marine view; better than Mill Valley foi
those requiring pure air and sunshine;
rent $13.
MINNA, 521, in rear, bet. Sixth and Seventh-
5-room house; rent $10 month. Apply 1021
Mission st., near Sixth.
MODERN 8-room house for 1 year, furnished
or unfurnished; garden, fruits, berries; 1 hour
from city. 115 Hayes St., third house to right,
end of Piedmont line, toward springs.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
SUNNY 9-room house at 26 Franklin St., half J
a block from Market; fine for room renting;
cheap rent. .
SUNNY house, 6 rooms: bath; newly painted,
papered. 220 Ash aye.. between Van Ness aye.
and Franklin. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
TWENTIETH. 3550, between Valencia and Mis-
sion— fi rooms and bath; sunny and excellent
order.
$25— MODERN house of 6 rooms, bath, alcove,
laundry and basement. 1503 Jackson st.
7 ROOMS, $25: 10 rooms, $35; baths, laundries,
gardens, in thorough repair; in Mission warm
belt. DEMPSTER, 26 Glen Park aye., off
Twelfth ft.
FURMSHED HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED 8-room cottage; piano; large ;
yard; to rent whole or part. 2237 Jackson st. ;
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large sunny
rooms; modern Improvements; large yard. :
Apply on premises, 655 Guerrero st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath. 4133 Eighteenth St.,
between Castro and Colllngwood.
COTTAGE of 3 rooms to let. 638 Jessie St.,
near Seventh.
SUNNY cottages, 5 rooms, bath, basement;
also flat, 6 rooms, bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth
St., near Dolores.
SUNNY 4-room cottage; small family only;
also flat. 623 Second St.. near Brannan.
$6 EACH— Cottage, 5 rooms: 2 new flats of 4 j
rooms; near Thirty-fourth and Mission '
sts. Apply 64 Silver st., off Third. !
FLATS TO LET.
CASTRO, 468, near Seventeenth and Market— j
M 'I'-rn sunny double flat, 10 rooms; stable; i
cheap.
CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny fiat; 5 rooms; bath; cheap.
EDDY, 13')7 — 6 rooms; bath; all modern im-
provements; rent $22, water free.
FIVK large sunny rooms; bay window; garden;
big yard. 725 Minna st.
FLAT— 4 large sunny rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. i.",OS I^arkln st.
Fl (LSOM, 623— Nicely furnished flat of 3 large
roms: all complete; reasonable.
HANDSOMELY furnished Hat; marine view;
7 rooms, bath; cheap. 1931 Union st.
LOWER corner flat, 5 rooms, bath: sunny; $16;
In good condition. Filbert and Jones sts.
NKW sunny modern lower flat; 6 rooms. 1014
Hroderlck st., near park.
NINTH, 287— Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath; $15.
NOB Hill: never occupied: all sunny; 7-r.oom !
flat; tiled bath; open plumbing; $45. 964 '
Pine st., bet. Mason and Taylor.
607 Stylish, modern, sunny, upper 7
rooms; Key lot; fine view.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
PLEASANT modern flat, 6 rooms, bath; reason-
rent. 735 A Ellis st.
li >ST, 1640— Nice sunny flat of 5 rooms and i
bath; rent 820.
SANCHEZ, 219VS— Flat of S rooms and bath;
rent $ls.
BUNNY upper flat, 6 rooms and bath; newly
papered; rent $14. 6254 York St., near Nine- j
teenth.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073, near Castro— Upper
Eunny 5 rooms; $15.
597 Noe st., corner Nineteenth; upper 5
rooms' $17.
4 ROOMS, bath, laundry, $12, $14 and $15; 5
large rooms, bath, laundry. $22 50; thorough
repair; charming location; Mission warm belt.
DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye.. off 12th st.
$7 50—3 SUNNY upper rooms; 4 closets; yard;
cellar. 100S Natoma St., near Eleventh, rear.
$8 50— UPPER flat of 4 rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden aye., near Laguna and Hayes sts.
$11— LOWER flat, 4 rooms; mantel; folding
doors. 715 Tehama St., near Eighth.
$12— FLAT 4 large rooms; bath; modern im-
provements. 306 Bartlett st., near 24th.
$15— CORNER flat of 6 rooms, bath; sun all i
day. 110 San Jose aye., bet. Twenty-third
and Twenty-fourth sts.
$15— 4-ROOM flat, bath. 129 Ash aye., between
Polk, Van Ness, McAllister and Fulton.
$21— SUNNY flat, almost new, 6 rooms and
bath. 917 Oak st.
$27 50— BAY-WINDOW flat of 8 rooms and
bath. 1627 Clay st., near Polk.
2926 California, 7 r.s3o 34 Scott, 7 r $30
80304 Wash, 6 r..52 50 1609 Turk, 6 r 17
707 Stockton, 6 r... 26 1696 Page, 3 r 15
244 Frederick, 6 r.. 2."> 607 Hickory, 6 r 15
542 Fell, 6 r 19 ! 720 Monty ay., 6 r.. 14
632 Fell, 3 r 13 523 Linden ay.. 4 r.. 10
A. M. BPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A SUITE of 2 larce nice' sunny front rooms,
complete for housekeeping; kitchen and bed-
room; furniture all new; $2 per week, $S per
month: no children. Apply at shoe store, 662
Mission St., between First and Second sts.
AT 20 NINTH St., near Market— 2 sunny con-
necting rooms; $10; stove, water, gas; single.
BRADY, 44, off Market— 3 unfurnished rooms;
cheap to small family; sunny yard.
BRYANT, 430— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; reasonable.
DOLORES, 382, near 16th— $5; 2 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms for 2 people; stove.
EDDY, 305 — Large front housekeeping room;
aUo single room; private family; reasonable.
ELLIS, 1528, near Webster— A rare chance; 4
sunny upper rms. and bath In private family.
FIFTEENTH, 1695, cor. Valencia— 2 sunny un-
furnished rooms for housekeeping; bath, gas;
adults.
FOLSOM, 638— Large sunny rooms for house-
keeping; rent reasonable.
FOLSOM, 794. near Fourth— 2 large sunny fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, $10.
F< iIKTH, 225— Suite of rooms for housekeeping;
also single.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1210—2 large sunny rooms
furnished for housekeeping; private.
GROVE, 202, cor. Van Ness aye.— Unfurnished
sunny 3-room suites; with gas range.
HARRISON, 735— 2 sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms, $7 50.
HAVES, 433, near Gough— Lovely furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath; cheap rent.
HOWARD, 1144— Furnished or unfur. sunny
rooms, kitchen, gas, bath, hot and cold water.
HOWARD. 1217%— Front rooms for housekeep^
Ing, or suitable for 2 gentlemen; rent $S.
JESSIE, 476—2 rooms neatly furnished for
housekeeping.
LAGUNA, 908,- near McAllister— 3 sunny fur-
nished housekpg. rooms; complete; kitchen.
LARGE furnished room, with housekeeping
conveniences. Address 1217^4 Howard st.
LEXINGTON aye.. 210— A sunny floor consist-
ing of alcove, kitchen, bath, complete for
housekeeping, $12.
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room-
kitchen, folding bed, closet; $12.
MARKET. 1597- Furnished room and kitchen
for housekeeping and 2 unfurnished rooms.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms and other rooms; very cheap.
MINNA, 546, near Sixth— Furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; Mission
and Howard cars.
MINNA, 546— Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping; large yard.
MISSION, 1142—2 fine rooms, furnished, quiet
place, $4 per month.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Con«lnnejl<
MISSION, 1430— Nice large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
MISSION, 1435B— Newly furnished rooms, with
exclusive kitchen, Jl5; use of parlor.
MISSION, 17294, near 13th — sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath, laundry; $S.
MONTGOMERY, 1402—3 furnished housekeep-
ing rooms. $8 per month.
OAK, 119 — front rooms, clean and furnished
complete for housekeeping. $5 and $8 each.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Sunny bay-win.
parlors; .grate, closets, kitchen, gas stove;
single, eh suite.
O'FARRELL, 1393— Nice front parlor suite,
with running hot and cold water; suitable tor
Ifght housekeeping: rent reasonable.
POLK, 717— Nice sunny furnished rooms suit-
able for light housekeeping; rent cheap.
POST, 7"2--Furnished rooms; housekeeping; pri-
vate residence; references. Call bet. 11 and 2.
PROSPECT pi., 123, off Calif., bet. Powell and
Stockton— Room and kitchen; renovated; $».
SEVENTH, Sunny housekeeping rooms;
large yard.
SHOTWELL, 211— sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single room.
SIXTH, 136—2 sunny rooms for light housekeep-
ing; also other rooms; $1 week; quiet house.
SIXTH, 405— A suite of housekeeping rooms;
$10 a month; gas and bath.
SIXTH, 120— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also parlor suite; bath; reasonable.
STEVENSON, 642. between Seve and Eighth
—Furnished sunny front room: light house-
keeping if desired; bath; central.
STOCKTON, 711— Sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping: reasonable.
TEHAMA, Two. front housekeeping room*.
TEHAMA, 44S— sunny connecting rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping.
THIRD, 309—2 large rooms complete for house-
keeping; also other rooms.
TURK, 411 A— or 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367. near Mission— 2 larsre
furnished connecting rms. running water: $8.
VALENCIA, 1232— Sunny alcove room, fur-
nlshed; light housekeeping. •
VAN NESS, 43— Housekeeping rooms and sin-
gle; sunny and cheap; from $1 50 -week up.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Newly and elegantly fur-
nished parlor floor, 4 rooms; gas range.
VAN NESS, 706 Parlor floors of 3 rooms; com-
plete; kitchen; gas range; bath.
WASHINGTON, 620— Unfurnished room, newly
papered, $4 per month.
ROOMS TO LEST.
AT 810 A Geary St., near Hyde— Front suite,
suitable for visitors from the East; prettily
furnished, including piano; dressing room;
hot water; gas; private bath; electric bells;
telephone; servants; board optional; $35 mo.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
Funny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modem service; elevator;
bath; roo(ns. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
APARTMENTS elegantly furnished to quii t
gentlemen; rent $1 day. Box 780, Call office.
AT SUTTER, 717— Very choice, sunny, new,
reasonable; appreciated i; seen: investigate.
AT 52 Second, between Market and Mission —
Single and double rooms, $1 to $3 per week.
THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth St.— New; sunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms.
AT Stockton, 242 — Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLEMENTINA, 320— Nicely furnished front
. room.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DODGE pi., 6, off Turk, bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin sts.— Nice sunny room; $5.
EDDY. 118— Sunny front rooms, $7 to $15
month; other desirable rooms, $6 upwards.
EDDY, 3, corner Powell— Furnished front room,
$1 SO x>rr week.
EDDY, Nice sunny front rooms, with
running water and gas; $2 up.
EDDY, ■ 473— 2 bright sunny rooms; $5 and $7
per month.
EIGHTH. ' 114— Sunny room, double bed or
suite; with piano.
ELLIS, 321— Rosedale House— Rooms rented by
day, week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house in the city. •
FIFTH, ' 162. between Howard and Mission— l
furnished rooms, front or back, $1 25 and up.
FIFTH, 322— 51 week; large sunny single room;
closet, bath; private. Call Monday.
FIFTEENTH, 1693, cor. Valencia— 2 sunny un-
furnished rooms; bath, gas; adults.
GEARY, 556, near Taylor — Handsomely fur-
nished sunny parlor; piano; phone; other
rooms; privilege light housekeeping.
GEARY, 7SB— Large sunny back and front rooms
for gentlemen, $8 and $10 per month; private
family; reference.
GEARY. 1605—3 or 4 connecting rooms, neatly
furnished; also 1 single room ;• reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1219— Front an back par-
lor, unfurnished.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE. 104— Corner bay-window suite; incan-
descent lights; dentist or doctor; other rooms.
GROVE, — Nicely furnished suite on par-
lor floor in private family; also single sunny
rooms.
GROVE, 210, near Van Ness aye. — Sunny front
room, suitable for man and wife or 2 gentle-
. men; with or without board.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $150 to $6 per week.
HAVES, 433, near Gough — Newly furnished
sunny front room; bath; rent reasonable.
HOTEL Grosvenor, Sl9 Sutter— under
new management Apr 1; elegant sunny suftes.
eingle rooms; most central part city; elevator.
HOWARD and Eleventh, southwest corner-
Pleasant front room for single gentlemen;
rent reasonable.
HOWARD. 959— A nice front room for 2; private
family; $7.
HOWARD, 1062—2 nice furnished front sunny
rooms, $5 month; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 1072— Three sunny rooms in th«
rear; $6. •
HOWARD, 1159— Furnished rooms, single or en
suite, $1 25 a week.
HOWARD, 1958, near Sixteenth— Large sunny
room for one or two gentlemen, $S; also smail
sunny, room, $4.
JESSIE, 433—2 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; single; cheap.
JESSIE, 641, off Seventh— Two sunny single
rooms suitable for housekeeping; furnished
or unfurnished; cheap.
JONES, 603, cor. Geary— Sunny furnished room;
running water and closet; for gentleman.
KEARNY, 209, 323— Newly furn. sunny rooms
from $1 50 up; also light hkpg rms.: transient.
MINNA. 240— A nice sunny furnished room.
MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1220— Large sunny room suitable for
two; running water: grate; $10.
MISSION, 14258 — Unfurnished sunny back
room ; $4.
NATOMA, — 2 large sunny rooms; sunny
■ side; rent" $6; water free.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. 750, bet. Larkln and Hyde— l
large, also 2 small; neatly furnished; sunny.
POLK, 607—2 sunny furnished rooms; running
water. ■
POLK. 1602—2 or 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; also 1 unfurnished room.
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis Ist.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room per night. 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $&; month, $S to $30: elevator oa
office floor: rooms with hot, cold wat.: baths.
SEVENTH. 192— Sunny furnished single rooms
and suites; also housekeeping.
SEVENTH, 229— Sunny furnished front room;
$4 50 j per month. .
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 142— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
suite or single; $1 up.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; board opt'l.
STEVENSON, 537%— Sunny furnished rooms,
$4 per month.
SUMNER, 24, off Howard— furnished
front room; private family; $5.
TAYLOR, 129 — Newly furnished rooms tor la-
dles and gentlemen: reasonable.
TAYLOR, 407— Large sunny front room -for 2;
hot and cold water; bath.
Additional Classified Advertisement*
on Page 14. '
1314
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
TEHAMA, 425, nr. Fifth, bet. Howard and !
Folsom— 2 furnished rooms, one $4, other $5.
THIRD, 25 nr. Market— Sunniest rooms In San
Fran.; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 3210, corner of Folsom— or
3 furnished or unfurnished rooms; no children.
VALENCIA. S34H. near Twentieth— Furnished
room, with grate, use bath, $i; unfurnished,
J3 month.
VAN NESS, Sl3— l or more, furnished or not;
$7 up; physician's residence.
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Sunny front room: bath;
$i> a month.
WARREN pi., 2, off Mission, between Six-
teenth and Seventeenth sts.— Nice sunny fur-
nished rooms for 2 men or man and wife;
rent very cheap.
$20— For one month only, 2 rooms suitable for
bride and groom; $1000 piano. Address Sta-
tion \. I. O.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call. '
16 pages, in wrappers for mailing:. $1 per year.
m—~——~-^— ■_ _ '.
UOAKDIXU AMJ ROOMS.
A PLEASANT HOME for tourists— 279 North
First St., Sin Jose. cal.; centrally located,
near bro;id-K^''K<? depot; service first class.
{•UNNY front suite and board in flrst-class
Sutti • house for 2 to 4 persons; will take
merchandise for one-half. Box 976. Call office.
BOAR and room for young man; bath; Jl2
to $14 month; | rlvate. S34VJ, Valencia st.
ELLIS, s?s— Newly furnished rooms, with or
without board; reasonable.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HANDSOMELY furnished rooms with board;
use piano; parlor; phone. 850 Van Ness aye.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant rooms; excellent
board; }20 up; special rates to table boarders.
POST, t>ca. near Mason— Sunny prettily fur-
nished room for 1 or 2. with board.
POWELL. }09 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furniihed
Funny front >=ulte; bath; excellent board.
TOUN man or working girl can find rooms
and board in private family; terms reason-
nMi-: gns and bnth. Box 41. Call office.
RESTAURANTS.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 2oc; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. -13 Stockton (old No. 25), nr. O'Farrell.
WESTEHFEI.DT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parl IOSS Market. : popular prices.
( UILDKtfi:. hoarmi;d.
CHILDREN boarded on ranch; near school,
pot-toffice md cars; not younger than 8 years;
fr^m responsible parties; grood care. Address
MRS. F. W.. Yountvllle, Napa County, Cal.
GOOD home for little girl; best of care. $'.' ; pri-
vate family. S34>* Valencia St.. near 20th.
GOOD home for 1 children; near school. 51
Clara st.
CHILD to board; 1 to 4 years old; best of care.
910 Howard st.
CHILI to h^ard: terms very reasonable. 106
St Rrse aye. Ge«ry-st. car.
GOOD home for children, X: infants, tlO per
mo. 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
STORES TO LKT. /
BUILDING. 539 California St., near Keßrny;
suitable for a rfFtaurant or saloon; 3 stories
and basement: in perfect order; rent very j
reasonable. Apply G. F. BOWMAN, 327 Mont- j
pomery st.
CENTRALLY ited corner store; with light j
basement; suitable for French liquor store.
Apply DAVIDSON A LEIGH, 30 Montgomery.
6TORE, 2 livlni? rooms; good location for deli-
cacy, jeweler, tailor or shoe store; rent cheap.
2509 Folsom st.. bet. Twenty-first and Twen-
ty-second.
BTORE fixtures and 4 rooms at 23 Clementina
st. : cheap r»nt.
OFFICES TO LET.
POWELL, 223— gantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates: rlst furnished apartments. '
WARKiiOUSES TO 111.
BRICK warehouses to lot; near Santa Fe rail-
road yard; complete for storage or factory;
226 Main St. and 225 Fremont st. : also ware-
house, Battery St., between Jackson and I'a-
cific. For rents and particulars apply COF- i
r;:Y, lir'-.HKS .<r CO.. 19 M r.;g^m.*ry st.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE and flat of 4 rooms; cheap. 8 McLea
court, off Ninth et.. near Harrison.
LOST.
LOST— Purse containing $5 gold and $1 bill and
papers between Jefferson Square and Hyde,
O'Farrell and McAllister Bts. Retnrn to 714
I.arkln st.. MRS. S. O.; reward.
LOST— April 14. liver colored water spaniel.
Please return to 11". Oak St.
BETWEEN Frultvale and San Francisco, eye-
glasses, cose. Return M. LYNCH, 1037 Mkt.
LOST — On Mason and Ellis Bts., purse contain-
ing $10 and papers which are of no value to
any one but the owner. Finder will be sult-
ably rewarded by returning to MRS. JOHN i
MORRISEY, Langham Hotel, or to the !
Orpheum Theater.
LOST— Downtown, spectacles in case. Return
to B. PASQUALE & SON, 223 Sutter St.
LOST— A passbook with The Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of OLIVIA A. MACKLIN. No. 231-689.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass-boi k with the Hlbornia SavlnK"
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JOHN N. WIIYTLAW: No. 116-082.
The finder will please return to bank.
FOUND.
FOUND— Great Dane. Owner can have same
by paying expenses. 1129 Mission it. H.
7WTCK.
CAnPET CLEAXIXG.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, JAgr.,
3S and 40 Eighth et.: telephone South 250.
WI7F.N you become disgusted with poor work
F<*hd to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatitiir rks. .3-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per viir.i, laid at »C.
BTRATTON'S. 5 Eighth st.: tel. Jessie 944.
3. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 210 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; teL Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ay».: tel. East 126.
TO LEASE.
TO lease— Boarding house, Mayfleld, Santa
Clara Co. Apply F. BORMANN. Mayfleld.
* " PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
10T1H Market Bt.. bet. 6th and 7th.
LEGAIi NOTICES.
CITY and County Treasury, San Francisco.
April 14, 1899 In compliance with the pro-
visions of section 5 of order 1".9S of the Board
of Supervisors, approved September 15, 1880,
also in accordance with an act of the State
Legislature, approved March 16. 1872. there
■will be sold at public auction by E. S. Spear
& Co.. at their rooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
Ft., on MONDAY, May 15, 1899. at 10 o'clock
a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property vered by the police force
of San Francisco, as detailed In an Inventory
thereof on Pie In the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc.; also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing,
etc . property of deceased persons received
from the Coroner of this city and county.
Open for inspection on morning of sale.
T. J. TRUMAN. City and County Treasu rer.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenys have been IFsued as follows:
George Maggio and Clotilde Franchl 22-' i
George R. T. Daly i.nd Violet U\ Soule. 29-27
Fred Schwendelauf and Clara Binlarz 24-20
John c. Ashtan and Edith M. Craw 26-18
Angelo Arata and Clorlnda Cuneo 39-23
Anton Gruncel and Carrie Gruncel 29-17
Hartwlg yon Cleve and Betty Krecklow 42-34
William C. Cathcart and Thurza C. 0ber.. 21-19
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handea
In at either of the publication offices and <be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
fi'na authorized to have the Fame published.
BORW.
BLICK— Tn this city. March 28. 1899, to the wife
of A. S Bllck. a r»on.
BLOOD— In Oakland. April 15, 1899, to the
wife of Dr. W. H. Blood, a daughter.
CUSTER— In this city, April 1. 1899. to the
wife of A. W. Custer, a daughter.
FEIKRBACH— In this city to the wife of
Charles Fei»rbach (formerly Annie Voss), a
son.
FINN— In this city, April 9, 1899. to the wife
of James Kinn, a daughter.
JAMIESON— In this city, April 12. 1899. to the
wife of John Jamieson, a daughter.
JOURNAI^-In Oakland. April 12, 1898, to the
wife of Phil S. Journal, a son.
MORRISON— this city, April 7, 1899, to the
wife at G. E. .Morrison, a son.
I RIPPE-In this city. April IS. 1899. to the wife
of Henry Rippe, a son.
j ROBERTSON— In this city, March 28. 1899, to
the wife of Peter E. Robertson, a daughter.
SCHWAB— In this city, February 6, 1599, to the
wife of E. Schwab, a daughter.
~~" MARRIED.
DRISCOLL— POULSON— In this city, April 4,
1899, by 'the Rev. Father Prendergast. Fred-
erick A. Drlpcoll and Kathryn M. Poulson.
both of San Francisco.
KENDALL— this city. April 15,
1599, by the Rev. John A. B. , Wilson. D.D.,
Thomas M. Kendall. U. S. A., of Glendora,
Cal., and Eva Blanche Gould of San Fraji-
cisco.
OHFF— In this city, April 15, 1599, by
the Rev. John A. B. Wilson,- D.D.. Herbert
C. Rooer of San Francisco and Caroline C.
Ohff of Petaluma.
~ DIED.
Bowen, Charles R. Lee. Christopher
Brown, William A. McCormlck. Margaret
Bruce, s. c. McDermott. Patrick
Burke. William F. McSherTerey. • John
Chamberlain, Walter Mapee, Miss Rose
Collins, Helen Martin. Sidney A.
Collins. Mrs. Lucy Murphy, Timothy
Crysler. V. W. . Norman. Aibert
Daly. John J. . O'Connor, Rev. P. J.
Duggan. Ellen C. Overgard. Ulrlka A.
Eldracher. ivter Pearson. William S.
Foran. Patrick Perry, Margaret F.
Helimann, Nicholas Rlnes, Joshua R.
Johnston, William Smith. Duncan H.
Jones, Emma O. Stout. John
Kunst, AUKUst P. Wichmann, Mrs. M.
' BOWEN— Oakland. Arril 15. 1«9», at the
residence of his grandparents, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles K. Bowen, 1439 Market street. Charles
Russell, beloved son of Wlllard H. and Gus-
sie A. Bowen. aued 7 years 7 months and 23
days. (Yreka and Fort Jones papers please
copy.)
(LTThe funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Monday), at 3 o'clock. Interment
private.
BROWN— In this city, April 14. 1899, William
Alx., beloved husband of -Mary Ellen Brown,
and uncle of Lulu C. Gardner, a native of
Cambridge, Md., aged 62 years.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 915 Powell street, thence to Bethel A.
M. K. Church. Powell street, between Jack-
son and Pacific, where the services will be
held. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
BRUCE— In this city. April 14. - 1899, at St.
Mary's Hospital. S. C. Bruce, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 72 years.
Interment private, f
BURKE— In this city. April 14. 1599. William
F.. son of Ann and the late Thomas Burke.
. and brother of Thomas W., John J.. James
C, Annie and Man.' Burke and Mrs. J. F.
Brennan. a natlv.. of San Francisco, aged
31 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances ere respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Punday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 33S Oak street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
. vary Cemetery.
CHAMBERLAIN— In this city. April 14. 1593,
Walter C. Chamberlain, a native of Canada, I
aged 32 years.
(CTFrlendi and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral this day i
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors of |
Halsted A Co., 946 Mission street, thence to
St. Dominic's Church, corner Bush and
Steiner streets, at 3:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
COLLINS— In this city. April 15. 1599. Helen,
beloved daughter of Michael J. and Ellen Col-
lins, and sister of John. Mary and Joseph
Collins, a native »of San Francisco, aged 7
months.
C. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
i of the parents. 2616 Greenwich street, between
! Baker and Lyon. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
COLLINS— 14, 1599, Mrs. Lucy Collins, a
native of Illinois, aged 56 years 7 months and
21 days.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
CRYSLER— In Oakland. V. W. Crysler, a na-
tive of Michigan. a«ed 31 years. (Detroit
papers please copy.)
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, under the ausulces. of
San Francisco Lodge No. 3. B. P. O. E.
No flowers.
DALT— this city, April 16, 1899, John J., !
beloved son of J W. and L. Daly, and grand- |
son of Jeremiah and Mary Daly and of J. B.
and Kate Bell, a native of San Francisco, |
aged 8 months and 27 days.
ETFHends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow .
(Monday), ait 9 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 142 Lexington avenue. Interment \
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DUGGAN— In Berkeley. April 15. 1599. Ellen C, !
beloved daughter of Robert and Mary Dugr-
-1 gan. and sister of John F.. Edward J., Nicho-
las S. and Phillip Dupgan. a native of Berke-
ley, aged 19 years 4 months ar.d 13 days.
ELDRACHER— this city. April 15, 1899,
Peter, dearly beloved husband of Helen Eld-
racher, and father of Charles J. and William
F. Eldracher. a native of Baden. Germany,
aped '"6 years 11 months and 15 days.
FORAN— this city, April 14, 1599. Patrick,
beloved husband of the late Catherine Foran, I
a native of County Wexford. Ireland, aged i
SO years 10 months and 14 days. (Boston pa-
pers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect- :
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi- ;
dence, 2u25 Devisadero street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a requiem high :
mass will be tebrated for the repose of his
soul nt 3:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
j HEITMANN— In this city. April 12. 1599. Nicho-
las, beloved husband of Maria Heitmann. and i
uncle of Mrs. Flnck and John and Henry !
Heitmann. a native of Elmshorn, Holsteln, i
Germany, aged 75 years 3 months and 29 days, i
A member of Harmony Lodge No. 13, I. O.
O. F. ; Walhalla Kncampment No. 7. Eureka
Grove No. 4, U. A. O. D., and Walhalla Ge- j
sang Vereln.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from I O, O. F.
Hall, where funeral servlcs will be held, un-
der the auspices of Harmony Lndre No. 13,
; 1. O. O. F. Interment I. O. o. F. Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass, 917 Mission street, near Fifth.
JOHNSTON— At Halfmoon Bay. April 14. 1899,
William Johnston, beloved father of Petra.
Thomas C. William R., Harry, Charles and
Edward Johnston, and brother of Thomas
and Isabella Johnston, a native of Plttsburg,
Pa., aeed 74 years.
CTTuneral services at his late residence at
Halfmoon Bay this day (Sunday), at 2
| o'clock.
JONES— In thip city. April 13. 1899. Emma Oak-
ley Jones, wife of the late Charles Jones,
mother of Charles J. Jones, and grandmother
of Charles R. Jones and Mrs. J. B. Horn, a
native of Sherphill. Staffordshire, England,
aged 77 years 11 months and 11 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 12 o'clock, from the Simpson
M. E. Ciiurch. corner Hayes and Buchanan
streets. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
KUNST— this city. April 14, 1899, August P.,
dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth Kunst.
father of Maria A. Kunst. and brother of
Mrs. H. Kracht. Henry Kunst and Mrs. Dr.
Julius Voje, a native of Kappeln. Holsteln,
Germany, aged 43 years 4 months and 3 days.
A member of Court Hubertus No. 15. F. of
A., nnd Retail Grocers' Protective Union.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, neai
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LEE— In the City and County Hospital, April
16, 1889, Christopher James Lee, a native of
Ireland, aged 45 years.
McCORMICK— In this city, April 13, 1899, Mar-
garet M.. dearly beloved wife of Patrick Mc-
Cormlck. and devoted mother of Mrs. Val A.
King, John J. McCormick and the late Mrs.
Nellie F. Exelby, a native of Sligo, Ireland,
aged 49 years.
EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 907 Illinois street. Potrero. thence to
St. Teresa'B Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
poul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
McDBRMOTT— this city, April 15, 1?99. Pat-
ri -k McDermott, a native of Ireland, aged 56
yearß.
B.^'Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mis-
sion street.
j McSHEFFEREY— In this city. April 14, 1599,
| John, beloved son of Sarah and the late Wil-
liam McShefferey, a native of County Done-
gal. Ireland, aged 21 years.
C7The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St Rose's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
Of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAGEE— this city. April 14. 1890. at Our
Ladies' Home, 33 Rlncon place. Mips Rose
Magee, a native of County Meath, Ireland.
aged 71 years.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at .8:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of St. MHry's Hospital, thence to the
Chapel of the Passion, attached to St. Mary's
Hospital, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
I Cemetery. • ■
i MARTIN— In Los Angeles, April 12. 1899, Sidney
A., dearly beloved husband of May Martin
beloved father of Edsrar Martin, son-in-law
of Mrs. Kate Johnson, brother-in-law of
Thomas and Sajnuel Johnson, and son of
Samuel and Mary F. Martin of Carrolton
Mo., a native of Teswi»!l County, Vu., aged 32
years. (Carrolton, Mo., papers please copy )
[TTFrlends nnd acquaintance* are respect-
fully ln\-lted to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking
Company, 8 and 10 City Hall square. Inter-
ment -Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MURPHY— In the City and County Hospital.
HENRY <l. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
to Fifth at., opposlt* Lincoln School.
| Telephone South to.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL IG, 1899.
April 18. 1899, Timothy Murphy, a native of
California, aged 35 years.
NORMAN— In this city. April 15, 1899. Albert
Norman, a native of Norway, aged 42 years.
O'CONNOR— A eojemn anniversary requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of the
soul of Rev. P. J. O'Connor in St. James
church. Twenty-third and Guerrero streets.
to-morrow> (Monday), at 10 o'clock. The clergy
and friends and relatives are Invited to
attend.
OVEROARD— In Mojave, Cal.. April 14, 1899,
Tlrlka Annetta, eldest and dearly beloved
daughter Of the late Enpual and Allda Over-
gard. and sister of Ida and Engual Overgard,
a native of Chicago, aged 25 years and 5
months.
IpfFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
F.itrhth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
PEARSON— ApriI ir>. ISH9. William S. Pearson,
a native of New Hampshire, aged 77 years.
PERRY— In San Rafael, April 15, IS<*9, Mar-
garet Frances Perry', sister of Mrs. E. E.
Eyre.
|C7" Funeral services at the residence of her
niece. Mrs. George M. C. Plnckard. to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock. Interment private.
RINES— In this city, April 11, 1899, Joshua R.,
dearly beloved husband of Annie M. Rines,
800 of Mrs. B. K. Rlnes, and brother of John
and l>r. Charles H. Rines. Mrs. L. A. R. Mil-
ler. Mrs. J. Lefflng and Amy Rines, a native
of Nova Scotia, aged 65 years 11 months and
G days. A member of Apollo Lodge No. 123,
1. O. O. F, San Francisco Letter Carriers'
Mutual All Association, and Independent
Benevolent Association. (Halifax, Nova Sco-
tia. :ind Portland, Or., papers please copy.)
C?Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:80 o'clock, from i. o. O. F.
Hall, corner Market and Seventh streets,
where funeral services will be held under the
Ices of Apollo Lodge No. 123, I. O. O. F.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via elec-
tric funeral car from Fourteenth and Mission
streets at 2:4J o'clock.
SMITH— In this city. April 14, 1590. Duncan H.
Smith, a native of Canada, aged 57 years 9
months and 3 days.
CTFrlends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invltfd to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, corner of Post. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STOUT— In this city. April 15. 1&99. John Stout,
a native of New York, a^red 6S years.
WICHMANN -In Placerville. El Dorado
County, April 6, 1599. Mrs. Martha E. Wich-
mann, beloved mother of Lizzie A. Wlch-
mann. a native of Germany, aßp>l 72 years.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, April 15.
Ftmr Newsboy, EUefsen, 19 hours from I'sal.
Ptmr Senator. I'attcrson, 23 days 19 hours
from Manila.
V S stmr Badger. Miller. 14 days from Callao.
SAILED.
Saturday, April 15.
Ftmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendoclno.
Ftmr Sunol, 1-ieblg.
Ptmr Luella. Miller. Tillomook.
Stmr Weeott, Dunham, Yaqulna Bay.
Schr Monterey, Beck. Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOH. April 15, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
El'RKKA— Arrived April ]f.— Stmr Samoa and
stmr Pomona, hence April 14.
Sailed April I.'.— Stmr Alliance, for Astoria.
ASTORlA— Arrived Anrll 15— Stmr Columbia,
hence April 13. «
Sailed April 15— Ptmr Harroson. for .
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April 15—
Ptmr Mlneola. from Nanaimo.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed April 15— Br stmr Shan
Tung. f. ir Yokohama.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived April 15— Schr
Rellajice. hence April 11; schr (.'crinthlan,
April 13.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed April 15— Stmr Noyo,
for San Francisco.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J A Dougherty, S Jose Miss X McPonnell Pa
i: B Jack. N V |Mrß J B Ketchum. O
E H Soothoff. N V jA M Woolson Ohio
W B Fisher. Auburn -Miss W \V,«.]son. Ohio
H N Yeamans, N V Miss c F Woolson O
c, W Huddleston, Bng W M Pond, Chgo
M S James. Chgo Mrs Pond, Chgo
Mrs L X Joerger, Chg W H Frue, San Jose
W L Steele, Chgo Dr E Cornwall. Conn
r 1. Sylvia, Boston Mrs Cornwall, Conn
F L Orcutt, Sacto Master Cornwall, Conn
Mrs E PBampson, NT i: a C Cornwall. Conn
Mls« C Wetmore. N Vj E Pitts, Harrlsburg
T Mizutany. Japan X o earmark. Mo
H Silver. L Auk Mrs S c Schenck. Ohio
A Q Qassen, s Klogo Misa M Schenck, Ohio
H s Downey, Texas i> i> Schenck, Ohio
Mrs Downey, Texas H F Heavy, St Ix>uis
D Topf. Ohio Miss Heavy, St Louis
) M Harris. Boston Mrs Grigßby, N V
E R Abodle, Mexico Miss Qrigsby N V
W H Zulrich. Ohio w Marx. Moskan
, !•' A Buckner, N V j b Qlldersleeve Ftnf
Mrs Buckner, N V Mrs Gtldersleeve. Stnf
Miss Buckner. N V Ulsa X Tn.der. stanfd
A E Clark, N V Mrs W B Frue. S Jose
.1 I' Smith. ( hgo 1> \V Kf^iler Chgo
M:s .! p Smith, Chgo Mrs Kf-pler. chgo
M L Hlnman. N V a B Negus, St Louis
Mrs Hinman. N V R X Plem San Jose
VV Garland. N V I f I 'arks. Jackson
\v M Garland, N V if H Llpplncott Pa
Mrs Garland, N V jL Lion. San Jose
H X Lyon, Kans City M Hoths.-hild. N V
S Hllborn. Kans City n n pitcher. Llvermr
W C McConnell. Pa ]■: S Klmball. c|,g 0
Mrs McConnell, I'a Miss E Walton chgo
C i: Ix>cke. Chgo Miss H E Klmball, 111
W H Llewelh-n. N V
GRAND HOTEL.
C W Revan &• w, N J ,r X Simons & w Daw-
X W Quirnby, Mo i s n
Mrs M R iir<>en. Cal lH Oaberst & w Cal
I' H Hayes, H E Cox, Cal '
F H 'ire^n. S Rafael W M Edwards 111
C H Falrall, Stockton M Edler Cal
F C Mower, Napa J H Hail, S Cruz
J Hull. Fresno X Ahlf & w S Jose
W Tomllnson, Eureka c D Howes Naia
W D Ttllotaon, Cal L I> Wllcutt & w Mass
L Jones, Japan jj H Donovan & w Cal
W Matthews, Or ;Mlss A Morgan Cal
3 P Milsner, Ariz Mrs J Uuynton, Cal
D H Huber, Ariz B Decker & w c a l
Mrs W Warner, Mich A Frlant & «r, s Jose
J Ross, L Ang A Hamfleld, Victoria
It Hanson, L Ang |W A Traphagen Cal
H Block, Boston Miss Baldwin, Cal
Wlt Townsend, Cal |J B Qulgley I, Ang
F c Perrln, S Jose iW H Morrisaey Cal
J Bordefee, Colusa |J A Rt John Wis
W W Ward. Cal J W St John Wls
F B Leach. Ind Mrs J W St "john Wls
d H Harper, I'tah W C Good P Rosa
J W Boyd ft w, Sacto A J Holcomb Cal
A Donobue, Monterey A C Travis Cal
A C Lowell. Cal ,R Pwlsler. Healdsbunr
Mrs O N Reynolds. Cal ! E H Crlms, S Jose
W A Beasley, S Jose i
NEW WF.STKRN HOTEL.
H L Baxter. Rio Vista G A Power*, New York
M Bellman, Puisun O Crlmm Oregon
B F Graham, Marysvii C U Walsworth Colo
I! Johnson, Stockton W Wilder & w, Orovlll
M c Daniels, Sta Rosa Miss Gummow' Orovil
J Wurcher. New York 1) Williams. Pan Jose
I- Sweeny, Davisvllle It' Brown, Nnpa
D M-Farland. Sacto [Mrs Martin, Fresno
J Burke, Viealia |F Barluchi, Vallejo
A FIGHT THAT SHOULD
BE QUITE INTERESTING
Ton) Tracey aQd AI Neill Will Soon Meet ir
Woodward's Pavilion.
p HARTLEY LONG the manager of the Western Athletic Club, Is anxious that
the patrons of the fistic .game should know that the coming fl B ht between
L, Tom Tracey _and lAl Nelll will not be conducted under hljpodrome rufes
Long says that he will be at the ringside to see how matters pugilistic are
progressing and that the referee will be Instructed to "flre" both of the princi
pals out of the ring If he should detect the least attempt at faking ob their
part. Tracey and Nelll are certainly training like beavers at their respective sta
tions for the contest, which will be held In Woodward's Pavilion on Tuesday
evening, April 25. A referee will be selected on Saturday, the 22d lnst
BLUE AND GOLD
WINS BASEBALL
CHAMPIONSHIP
Contest Between the
Big Colleges Close.
NO THIRD GAME NECESSARY
LANAGAN AND KAABSBERG HIT
HARD AND OFTEN.
Usual Noisy and Enthusiastic College
Gathering at the Second Match
Between Stanford and Uni
versity of California.
The Intercollegiate baseball champion
ship was won by the blue and gold yester
day afternoon, when the cardinal was
furled and put away for the second time
this season. The third game will not be
played, as the necessity for it does not
exist, California having two victories to
grace her banners, while the Stanford
team has nothing but a retrospect of de
feat. The game yesterday at the Six
teenth and Folsom street grounds was
won by a score of 9 to 7.
The Stanford men were backing their
team to win, despite the defeat it had suf
fered at the hands of California a week
ago. Lanagan, the great pitcher, who
struck out ten men in the last game, was
counted upon as the man who could do
the trick, but Stanford's hopes burst like j
an inflated bubble when the stick men !
from across the bay began their pyro- j
technic show in the very first Inning. Be- j
fore they retired four men had been sent j
across the plate, and L,anagan's red shirt |
was in strong contrast with his pale, lu
gubrious face. It seemed as if the ball
would not stop- rolling.
It all happened this way: Chesebrough j
was sent walking to first, McLaren hit to j
left field and Swan to center, followed. by
Hamlin for a three-bagger. He scored j
upon a hit by Hunter to Murphy, who
courteously dropped the ball.
In the next inning California duplicated
the great run-making act and scored
three times. Wolf, Mem and Chese- j
brough getting the credits. It was quiet,
peaceful baseball from that time until
the fourth, when California added aHOther :
run to its column. Then the Palo Alto [
lillies awoke from their sleep and broke
the ice-caking by sending Carson and ,
Young across the plate. At the beginning '
of the second half of the fifth inning the
score read California S and Stanford 2. .
All the wrath and supplications the car- j
dinal coaches had on tap were poured :
upon the heads of the youthful red-shirt- ;
ed athletes, and it wrought good results.
For a time all that could be heard was
the rapping out of the leathern ball.
There were two outs when the Stanford
run-germ began its wild career. Carson
swatted the ball to right field, where Mien
performed a Juggling act and Carson!
scored. Then Edwards came with a sin
gle, and so did Lanagan, with Murphy j
on his train for a three-bagger. Loug- I
heed was jealous of this performance and i
he lost the ball for another three-bagger, j
"When the inning was finally wound up i
Stanford had five more runs to its ac
count and the score card read California
9, Stanford 7, which remained unchanged. |
The rest of the game was a silent wait- i
ing full of expectancy, but nothing came I
of it. Kaarsberg and Lanagan both set- j
tied down to steady work and no runs |
were made. The fielding of California
was specially fine, that of Wolf in the left
territory being no less than brilliant. The
score is as follows:
CALIFORNIA.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Mien. r. t 4 2 1110 3
Chesebrough. c 3 2 1 0 2 0 0
McLaren. 3 b 4 13 0 2 1.2
Swan, s. s 4 12 12 11 '
Hamlin, 1 b 3 1 1 1 11 0 0
Hunter, c 4 0 114 0 1
Kaarsberg. P 4 0 0 0 0 4 1
Fuller, 2 b 5 0 0 ' 0 2 4 0
Wolf. 1. f 4 2 2 0 3 0 0'
Totals 35 9 11 4 27 10 8
STANFORD.
AB. R. UH. KB. PO. A. F. '
Ptrohn. 2 b 4 110 0 4 0'
Murphy, c. f 5 110 2 0 1
Lougheed. s. B 4 0 2 0 4 12
Swindells, c 5 0 2 1 13 4 0
Crandall. 1. f 5 0 0 0 0 0 2
Carson, r. f 5 2 10 0 0 0
Young, 1 b..... 5 12 0 8 0 0
Edwards, 3 b 4 10 0 0 2 0
Lanagan, p 4 110 0 2 0
Totals 41 7 10 1 27 13 ~B '
RUNS BY INNINGS.
California 4 3 0 110 0 0 o—9
Stanford 0 0 0 2. 5 0 0 0 o—7
Earned runs— California 2, Stanford 3". Two- ■
base — Lanagan, McLaren. Three-base hits
— Lougheed, Murphy, Hamltn. Sacrifice hits— I
McLaren. Chesebrough. First base on er- '
rors— California 3, Stanford 5. First base on j
called California 4, Stanford 5. Left on j
bases— California 9, Stanford 10. Struck out— I
By Lanagnn 10, by Kaarsberg 2. Hit by pitcher !
—Swan, Hamlin 2. Double play— to Ful
ler to Hamlin. Passed ball— Swindells.
Time of pnme— hours. Umpire— Jim Mc- j
Donald, Scorer— A. Haslacher.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
WILL SING AND DANCE
At the Great Charity Benefit at
THE ORPHEUM FRIDAY
QUERITA VINCENT, One of the Volunteers Who Will Sing and Dance
at the Fruit and Flower Mission Benefit Next
Friday at the Orpheum.
NO mnrn worthy object of charity exists In this city than the inptitu
tion known as the Fruit and Flower Mission. The ladies of the mission
devote their time and the money at their disposal to providing little
dflicacies, fruits and flowers for the sick in the various hospitals of
this city. At present the mission is very low in funds, and to provide the
same at once the management of the Orpheum has donated the use of their
theater and the artists tor a benefit on Friday afternoon, April 21. All
this is free of charge for rent, lights or other set-vice and every dollar that
is taken in at the box office will go to swill the Fruit and Flower Mis
sion's fund. Director Rosner and Leader Jaulus of the Orpht-um's famous
orchestra have volunteered their services, together with that of the entire
orchestra, and Director Rosner is arranging a special musical programme
for that day. Stage Manager Harry Orndorff and his assistants will con
tribute their labor.
The Orpheum's regular bill will include Favor and Sinclair, the popular
comedians who bare Bcored such a hit in their new art entitled, "A High
Roller." Mr. Favor has long been known as a comedian with some of the
best legitimate companies in th<> country, and since he has gone into vaude
ville has appeared at the Orphenm on several occasions, always with great
success. His new act is by far the funniest he has yet been seen in in San
Francisco. Miss Sinclair is an excellent fi>il for Mr. Favor's comedy. An
other star attraction is Clarice Vance, who styles herself "Tours in Rag
Time." It is doubtful if there has ever appeared at the Orpheum a
of coon songs who has scored a greater hit than has Miss Vance. She has
several new coon songs in rehearsal for this occasion. No bill nowadays is
complete without a genuine colored team, and of the many who have re
cently come into vaudeville not one is more favorably known than Al and
Mamie Anderson. They were one of the first colored teams to make their
appearance at the Orpheum some two years ago, and they are always sure
of a cordial greeting whenever they step upon the Orpheum stage.
Another act that is well calculated to please is that by Tom and Lilly
English, the musical comedians. Of all the many star features there is
none better than the act by Miss Lillian Burkhart and company, who appear
in Miss Burkhart's latest comedy sketch entitled "Extravagance," the story
of which Is founded upon the efforts of the husband, who would cure his wife
of her extravagant Ideas of dress and household expenses. It is very funny,
and the situations extremely ludicrous. Miss Burkhart Is a great favorite
with Orpheum patrons, and neither she nor her company need any Introduc
tion to the San Francisco public. Marshall P. Wilder has had his thinking
cap on and will appear In an entirely new line of sayings got together espe
cially for this occasion. Then there are the dainty Hengler sisters, who have
scored so well since they have been at the Orpheum. They will appear in
their chic Parisian dances and songs. Mile. Clara Laxdinois Is also a feature
of the bill, and co are the Pantzer brothers, head-to-head balancers.
Besides the regular Orpheum bill there will be a number of volunteer
artists. So far as arranged by Manager Morrisey the volunteer talent will be
Querfta Vincent, from the Olympla, and Miss Mlndell Fern Dreyfuss. Miss
Vincent has proved the greatest drawing card the Olympia has ever had.
No stronger testimony can be offered as to her ability than the fact that
she ha.s played twelve consecutive works at the Olympia and is to-day more
popular than when she opened. She will appear at the Orpheirm. in coon songs
and buck and wing dances, in which she. excels. Miss Dreyfuss is a well
known soprano of this city, her particular forte being serio-comic songs. In
this line of work she excels, and her friends predict a brilliant career for her.
In consideration of the extra long programme and the unusual attractions
offered and the fact that the object is a most worthy one, the Orpheum man
agement has agreed that the prices for this grand event shall be 50 cents to
the entire lower floor and 2"» cents to the balcony, and the total receipts go
to the Fruit and Flower Mission.
Ilorwinski Bros, have donated the programmes, and a number of florists
•will contribute flowers. There will be several young ladies from the various
theaters of the city as well as those of the Orpheum company who will dis
tribute programmes and flowers.
The sale of reserved seats is now on, and from all indications there
will be a packed house.
BATTLE FOR A
CARDINAL AX
Give 'em the ax, the ax, the ax.
Give 'em the ax, the ax, the ax.
WHERE?
Right In the neck, the neck, the nprk.
Right in the neck, the neck, the neck.
THERE.
This very blank verse Is one of Stanford's strident yells, and some 200
students were practicing it upon a helpless baseball crowd yesterday at the
intercollegiate game. In order to make the noise more graphic: they brought
with them an ax of stupendous size and a block by which they hoped to il
lustrate the decapitation intended for California. The ax was painted a
bright red and the block a deep blue. Every time Stanford's pitcher did
anything noteworthy up and down wont the ax. This ax proved a boom
erang, cutting off the cardinal's head and being the cause of a street fight
between the supporters of both colleges.
When the game was over and the bleachers cleared of howling colle
gians some of the Berkeley students hit upon the idea of confiscating the ax
or at least appropriating it to their own use. They massed on B'olsom street
and awaited the mournful band of Stanford students, who were pouring out
of the gates. At last came the axman, and the signal for a charge was
given. Immediately there was a mingling of blue, gold and cardinal. Down
Folsom street the struggling, heaving, shifting press of college "men battled,
one side to obtain the other to retain the heavy, gory ax. Coats were torn,
collars pulled off, ties destroyed and hats smashed. After a fight which en
dured until the opposing armies reached Fourteenth street the ax came into
the possession of a Berkeley man and was carried off, the supine cardinal
forces forming a wake of two blocks in length.
During the early hours of the evening the Stanford men were running the
fiery cross to gather their liegemen for a battle at the ferry when the Berke
ley men should cross with the spoils of war. The casualties were several
sprained thumbs and much rent clothing.
Crushed on a Dredger.
OAKLAND. April 15.— Chris F. Lund,
aged 22 years and residing at 525 Filbert
street, was severely injured on the
dredger in Lake Merritt to-night. His
hands were caught between the rope and
the drum of the donkey engine and were
badly crushed, his face and right arm
being also injured. Fortunately the en
gine was stopped before he sustained
further harm. At the Receiving Hospital
two fingers of the left hand and one of
the right hand were amputated.
MIXED THINGS
IN THE BAR OF
THE OCCIDENTAL
Two Swells Tangle Up
With Tourists.
THE PORTER TOOK A HAND
MESSRS. BOOMER AND CLARKE
COME TO GRIEF.
They Tried to Break In on a Party of
Englishmen Who Were Being
Entertained by Assessor
Dodge.
Two young bloods of thf» Fwaps^ set
got mixfii up with an official dignitary
and a party of English tourists in the Oc
cidental Hotel bar shortly before midnight
Thursday, and while anxious frier
all parties concerned in the row have I" • n
since slyly hurrying about town enjoin
ing eye-witnesses to strict secrecy, two
battered representatives of the bonton
brigade have remained within the con
fines of their ro'iinn nursing bruised
"fronts" and injured feelings.
Alec Boomer, son of the millionaire
stage-owner; Ed Clarke, prospective
to the wealth of his mother, Mrs. Jere
miah Clarke; Assessor Dodge and a party
of wealthy Englishmen were the
gation who furnished the mixologists be
hind the Occidental bar the liveliest mix
up it has been their good fortune to wit
ness outside of a priz" ring. To mention
the Assessor and the tourists in the same
breath with the young club men i:i this
case is hardly fair, as Doctor I :
his friends, according to the tesi
eye-witnesses, were literally forced into
the fray.
Dr. Dodge and the Englishmen, who wore
guests at the hotel, w . tng at the
bar taking a quiet little nightcap, when
Boomer and Clarke sauntered in from the
billinrd-room, where they had just nar
rowly avoided a row with one of the Hoff
man boys. The young swells had evi
dently been playing a star engug* raent "ii
the cocktail route during the evening and,
in the language of Palsy Carroll, were
"all ablaze."
Clarke took first liberties and started
the ball a-rolling by Inviting one of the
tourists to shake dice fur a bottle of
wine. The man from across the pond
eyed the local clubman contemptuously,
froze up like a New York water main and
said in rather chilly fashion:
"Oh, I don't know' you, sir."
That was too much for young r-larke'9
heated condition, so he thumped the tour
ist in the short ribs, and, taking <">ff the
stranger's hat, hooked the crown of the
%kypiece under the tip of John Build
nose and gave it a wicked jerk upward.
Then active international complications
were inaugurated. Somebody threw a
whisky glass, somebody shouted "Land
on him, Chauncey," and then the pri
bunch got tangled up in a real genuine
Donnybrnok Fair ruction. Fists fjew
fast, and, judging- from the da/nage dor..',
they reached the mark often. One of the
tourists sent a left li< .< >R to Clarke's
1 read basket, and when the unfortunate
young swell doubled up another tourist
landed on his eye.
Boomer is a rather husky youth and he
fought gamely against such long odds,
managing to reach one of the tourists sev
eral times without inflicting any serious
damage. Dr. Dodge in the meantime i\ v
making strenuous efforts Co restur.- peace.
The hotel porter was pressed into ser
vice, and in a moment all parties con
cerned* In the row were busily engaged
picking up crushed hats and rubbing
bruised features before the mirror.
Boomer and Clarke were ordered to
leave the cafe, but neither of them dis
playing any marked desire to obey or
ders, the hotel porter was pressed Into
action again. He hustled them bodily
out of the cafe, and when they reached
the sidewalk both bloods again showed
fight. One of them made a savage pass
at the porter, but the "trunk wrestler"
ducked away. They closed in on the por
ter, who waited until they came wilhin
reach, and when they arrived he la
out with left and right, knocking both
down.
At this juncture Policeman McGuire ar
rived, and had it not been for the inter
vention of friends the young men would
have been locked up. McGuire took
charge of the belligerent swells and led
them down Montgomery street. At Mar
ket street the vanquished clubmen sought
the pensive quiet of a dimly lighted cab
and repaired to their homes to reduce
lumps and discoloratlons.
Recital for the King's Daughters,
ALAMEDA, April 15.— Mrs. Carrie Frosa
i Snydcr, dramatic reader, assisted by local
\ talent, will give a recital next Friday
i evening at the Congregational Church tor
■ the benefit of the King's Daughters. The
1 programme follows: Trio, "The Daffo
dils," Daffodil double trio, consisting ot
Miss Grace Thomas, Miss Edith Hibberd,
j Miss Grace Winter. Miss Helen Hagar,
Miss Gertrude Hibberd. Miss Edith Pope;
reading, "An Announcement Dinner,
Mrs. Snyder; basso solo, "Love Is a Bub
ble," Putnam Griswold; reading, "In Sa
lem Town." Mrs. Snyder; "The Poet's
Vision" (piano accompaniment by Misa
| Westgate), Mrs. Snyder; trio. "Fancy "
j Daffodil trio; violin solo. Miss Hibberd;
I selections. Mrs. Snyder; trio, "Cheerfui
| ness," Daffodil trio.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR
MEN
ONLY.
Free Trial Package of This New Discovery
. Mailed to Every Man Sending Name
and Address— Quickly Restores ■<
Strength and Vigor.
Free trial packages of a most remarkable
remedy are being mailed to all who will write
the State Medical Institute. They cured so
many men who had battled for years against
the mental and physical suffering of lost man-
hood that the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment and all men who suffer with.
any form of Bexual weakness resulting from
youthful folly, premature loss of strength and
memory, weak back, varlcocele or emaciation
of parts can now cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful effect
of .warmth and seems to act direct to the de-
Bired location, giving strength and development
Just where it is needed. It cures all the ills
and troubles that come from years of misuse
of the natural functions and has been an ab-
solute success in all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute. 743 First National
Bank building, Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial packages, will
be complied with promptly. The Institute la
desirous of reaching that great class of men
r^H th Fe unable tO , leav e home to be treated
and the free saln le wilp enable them to see
how easy it is to be cured of sexual weakness
when the proper remedies are employed. Tiia
Institute makes no restrictions. Any 'man who
writes will be sent a free sample, carefully
sealed In a plain packape. bo that its recipient
need have no fear of embarrassment -or pub.
dela*-' rs are requested to write without
M^L|i^u WHEN YOU
i^^^^w^^^^ Require an ELtC-
Ttinwiii 'iiiiiitiw TR ' BELT ? et " Dr<
fffigf&jsSBs!^ Pierces" and you will
N not be disappointed.
•Vf^^ Call or address PIERCE
n - ELECTRIC CO., 620
sTtrt* it. (epp. •Uae* Hote), S. F.HUNDREDS OF
DOLLARS PAID
FOR SECRECY
Gamblers All Plead
Guilty.
USED FICTITIOUS NAMES
PAID UP BATHER THAN GO
ON RECORD.
Contest Over the Valuable Plant That
Was Seized by the Police
When the Raid Was
Made.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, April 15.
"Sam Johnson, is that your true
name?"
"Peter Williams. Is that voui true
name?"
■''. T. Ro.lgers. Is that your true
name?"
There was alienee in thi Police Court.
Not one of the defendants answered and
consequently all pleaded guilty. A mm- j
ute iter the city treasury was enriched j
$300 as the result of the raid on the fash
ionable faro i in* at the Windsor Hotel !
a weok ago.
The peculiar disposition of the lirst
case against faro-players before Judre
Smith this morning- placed a new om
plexion on gambling and will probably do
more toward stamping it out tlian would ■
actual tri. - and convictions.
it i* will kii a bunch of
men . > they
all give • mes at tne < "ity
IL [n nearly
■ | ■
 the trial, when
'■ per
-
■ • r pay the
to reveal
Lai. They en
.■■'■■ prep •ed to
1 "lerk Hennessey
mow their real names the
■ '■ $100, and the
to have his
aphernalia
This request .-rmight un
the Judge remarked
jure that when
■:■ •• the property
The gamblers' attorney
■ wis merely captured as
.■! that it would requir.' 
dem • whel her
iture w ere gambling tnate-
Judgi 6ml I th~.«
kine up. and he will
NT \w.-k.
Policeman Moebus Must Go.
■! El 'A. April 15, • officer
• n Informed by
I :i.it he will recommend his
•rom the for< • MoebUs to.>k
■ ■ il campaign, put-
I c Itorts to def< at ( lonrad,
yon out by a large ■.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A A 1
rSuUBAT, Apr. 13. N'fw Prices "Wednesday f ]
W No Liquors— just ¥
a) Good Groceries a)
f Country orders filled^
fpromptly; you can buy asf
fin the store. f :
f All goods guaranteed. J
Wulcan Parlor Matches 3Jc
f Genuine Swedish; dozen boxes T
A in package. Usually 3 for 25c. I
iFamily Flour 75 C 4
\ Diamond Patent Roller. *
a Good quality. Regularly 85c. i
iPyle's Pearline i-lb pkg 8c
\ Makes washing ea6y \
jGermca. For Breakfast }7 C J
a Royal Savon Soa p 25c
!Full pound bars. This soap is
W made for us, and guaranteed f
x equal to Babbitts, \
.Wood Toothpicks pkg 9ic\
f Good white wood, double pointed f
fPim-Olas bottle ]{' } c^
A) Seville Packing Co' 9 Stuffed Olives A
T "Baby" size bottles. Regularly *
¥ '"'" ¥
bottle 50c
k Major Grey's: made in Bombay. v
f Lr.rge size. Usually sold at 75c f
$ EIGHT SAVING STORES! $
A 738 Market St. 8. T. 131 1 Polk St. BT \
¥ 1080 Waghingtnn. Oak ' Shattuck At, BcrlrH«T T r
\ »th t W«*hingtnn. " Sl n 2^U^ : ( Al ? me<i *i
f E 12th * 13th At, "' • 7tb k Wood. Oak f
I ;V;
Warning.
These are the regular
prices of
Ghirardelli's
Cocoa, \< Ib, 25c; 1 Ib 50c
Ground Chocolate, 1 Ib 30c '
Eagle Chocolate, 1 Ib 25c
Monarch " llb ......35c
Pure, full weight, home made, FRESH.
At these prices grocers make but
a fair, moderate profit Those who
offer these goods at or below cost
are likely to overcharge you on other
goods.
Better encourage legitimate busi-
ness methods.
D. GHIRARDELLI €0.
I President.
DRY SEASON
HAS PROVED A
BIG BLESSING
Taught Farmers How
to Use Water.
THE INSTITUTE IN SESSION
NEED OF EDUCATING THE YOUNG
FARMERS.
Professor Fowler Explains the Pur
pose of the University Agri
cultural Experimental
Stations.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 15.
The second annual Farmers' Institute,
i held under the auspice's of the University
of California . agricultural ' department,
| met in Ford's Hall at Niles this afternoon
and continued during the evening. The
attendance was larger than last year,
while the • interest manifested was en
couraging to the speakers in the fullest
extent. .. ; •■;;.-.»"'>.-'.;'
Henry Tyson, a well-known orehardist,
i presided and welcomed the professors of
i the university in a, short but appropriate
speech. He referred to the present splen
! did outlook ajid gave the credit for ii to
the Dlvhie Being,- who so opportunely- Bent
the needed rain.
Professor L>. T. JFowler responded. He
said in part: • - • ...... i
"The local pride for all that a locality
I produces is an encouraging" Bign. But the
absence of .the young nun and young
women from this meeting is to be regret
ted. How.to Interest uit.m, tb» 'coming
farmers, is a problem. Mir work is to in
still into them a. Jove for and pi the work
and an appreciation of the farm and the
result of agriculture. Th,t> value of these
institutes is -the- opportunity to uplift the
young men and young women. They must
appreciate what agriculture means; its
: advancement and building up of the fam
ily home.' The farmer of yesterday did
not go about his work as the farmer of to
i day does. ■ Science had not come to him,
but the farmer is slower to take advan
tage of the inventions *>£ th daj than
any other set of men.
'"The great problem of to-day is expan
sion—the expansion of trade. We must
keep in touch with all to get this if we
are to get the best for the farmer.
"The California farmer above all others
should be the first to grasp this. Our lo
cation, with the great markets being
opened in the islands of the Pacific,
: makes a peculiarly favorable agricultural
condition. There is no place on the
earth that can grow such a diversity of
crops as California. We have had the
blessings- of a dry year. The poor man
that has suffered may not like that term
'blessing,' but 1 look upon this year as
! a great blessing. It has broken down
some set ideas that will result in a
great change here. It has developed an
inestimable- lesson In the preparation to
place water whtm and where needed.
"These institutes are uplifting. They are
; growing in interest. We don't know cv
i erything. Neither do you, but by thesa
papers, discussions and questions, both
sides Learn from the other."
Hon. John 1.. Beard spoke upon the
"Wine Grape." He said: "I knew a
great deal mor>- befon I planted a grape
vine than I do now after fifteen years'
rience. It is hard to determine the
kind of grapes to grow, but .one thing
has been proven beyond doubt— what has
proven to be the best in other countries
are not tho best for this. The best 1 have
are those I took because they were com
mon."
Professor H. E. Jaffa followed upon
"Orchard Fertilization." He exhibited a
table compiled from results of examina
tion of European soils. By comparing the
average Californian soil with this table
he showed the fertilizers most need
ed in this State to be phosphoric acid and
nitrogen. This, he said, had been proven.
He also exhibited an elaborate table
showing the amount of soil ingredients
withdrawn by. various crops, and the
amount that could be returned by using
the waste as a fertilizer.
Mrs. F. O. Bunting read a very Inter
esting artirle on "Relation of Canners
and Driers to Fruit-growers." in which
j she urged co-operation to^'heck the ten
-1 dency of canners, driers a3id commission
merchants to get the advantage of the
grower. Considerable sarcasm was in
troduced and cordially received by the au
dience.
Professor C. H. Shinn closed the after
noon session with a talk on "Experimen
tal Stations.", Miss Evelyn Bunting and
Miss Helen Crane furnshed music be
tween the various papers.
•\t to-night's session papers were read
by Professor I». T. Fowler, Dr. Emerson,
E* C Burr Jr., Professor \V. E. Jaffa,
Mrs. Mary Allen and Professor McAdie.
ETTA BROOKE IS NOW
MRS. FRED A. KNICK
MARRIAGE SOLEMNIZED BY
REV. FATHER NOLAN.
The Young Couple Will Settle in Hon
olulu, Far From the Cruel Scenes
of the Past Year.
Oakland office- Ran Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 15.
To avoid any possible opposition on the
• their parents, Kna Brooke and;
rick A. Knick were married late
lasl night, in order that their romance
would be oompktr. before the news of their ;
having taken out a marriage license
might be read in The Call this morning.
Father Nolan spoke the solemn :
words that made the young couple hus
a.n<3 wife, and the ceremony was !
necessarily very simple
The story published in to-day's Tall at- j
ted widespread attention, for the sad
history «f thi Brooke family, the loss of
a father at the hands of a murderous ma
niac and the subsequent and recent desti- j
tution of the family, involving the death !
■ ■ (if the daughters, were tor, well
known. The happy Bequel at the young !
bride's ra>< year of all these trying
events coupled with the fact that twlc
her lif' 1 was despaired of, was appreclati l
and many friends of tho bride and groom
called at their preseni borne to-day to
id congratulations.
Mr. and Mrs. Knick ;ir<> now preparing
to go to Honolulu, where it is quite likely
they will settle down Indefinitely and
•vUn'rf- they will be far from the cruelJ
scenes that have made the bride's past
twelve months months of horror.
UNIVERSITY CADETS
BREAK THE RECORD
GOOD SHOOTING DONE AT THE
bifl.l: range.
The Berkeley Team Does Great Work
in the National Tournament of
College Marksmen.
BERKELEY. April 15.— The university
rifle team in the national championship
Plin.it this morning at Bbejl Mound P^rk.
broke the coast record of 416 - by-making
4is points out of a possible 500. While all
the military colleges in the I nited Bi
nr<- entered in this tournament the special
Interest here centers In the contesi be
tween tli"' university team and that <>f
Company A. N. <J. <'•. who will trj to
beal Din fdilfge buys' record to-morrow.
The Oakland police for<'<- has been chal
lenged f'>r a rifle ShOOt 01] .April 23.
'i !..• university team i- v composed of
Rhodes "2. H. s. Pierce '00, w. N. Frick
»tad '01 cvh., tied the university Umliv.d
n.ii score with -it out ol a p;
points) I). T. Baker '01. C. H. Ti
fa i: i, Miivcr '80 D. Baird ':t\ >'<■ w.
Julian 'M, J. W. Millar '%, C. 11. Qor
rill 'UL '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SXTNDAT, APRIL 16, 1899.
STOLE HIS ROOSTERS
BUT LEFT HIS GOLD
OAKLAND. April 15.— Henry Barnett was the victim of a daring highway
robbery last night, yet he Is thanking his lucky stars that his loss waa
not as great as it might have been. While driving to his home, shortly
before 9 o'clock, along the Dublin road, in Palamora Canyon, two miles
this side of Dublin, he was Btopped by two highwaymen. One held his horse
while the other rilled his pockets, securing $9 in silver money. The highway
men then took from the wagon a baker's dozen of fat roosters and twelve
dozen fresh eggs, and ordered him to drive off.
Harriett was fortunate, nevertheless, for the robbers failed to discover a
pocket on the Inside of his woolen overshirt which contained $175 in gold
coin. To-day Barnett reported the robbery at the Sheriff's office, and now the.
Constables of Eden and Murray Townships are scouring the hills and can
yons in search of the robbers, who are presumably feasting on the -at of the
land.
ARTIST HOLDREDGE
DIES A PAUPER
SAD END OF A ONCE FAMOUS
LANDSCAPE PAINTER.
One of the Founders of the Art Asso
ciation Which Was the Nucleus
of Hopkins Art Institute.
Alamedn Office San Francisco Call,
1428 Park street, April 16.
R. G. Holdredge, artist and well-known
character about town, who claimed to In
one of the originators of the Bohemian
<'!ub of San Francisco, died this after
noon at the County Infirmary. Holdredge
was taken to the infirmary yesterday,
penniless and hungry, and although his
acquaintances Here expected that his end
was not far off. it was not thought that
he would he called so soon to render his
final account.
Eloldredge has had a remarkable ca
reer. Before he took up the study of art
he was head draughtsman at Mare Isl
and. Hlfl natural genius was recognized
by his friends, and they assisted him. to
8" to Paris, where he studied under the
gnat masters. Alter traveling extensive
ly through Europe he return.'.] to the I'a
dflc Qoaat, where he soon gain^,] the rep
utation of being one of the leading land
scape artists of that day, taking rank
with Hill and painters of equal note.
He was i>n«' of the organizers of the Art
Association, which subsequently devel
oped into the Hopkins Art Academy. He
was air early member of the Bohemian
club. He classed among his closest
friemis Charles Warren Stoadard, Robert
Louis Stevenson and ofher well-known
men of letters.
Holdredge made considerable money as
an artist, but convivial habits started him
on the decline, and when he came to
Alameda, about ten years?, ago, he was
all but penniless, but managed to eke
out an existence with his brush and pal
let. His ambition was to be a great por
trait artist, but his natural talents turned
toward landscapes. He has often stated
that this was the disappointment of his
life, and was the direct cause of leading
him to drink.
• Deceased was a native of New York,
about tvi years of age. He leaves a sister,
Jennie Holdredge. who resides at 20a
California street. The remains will be in
terred m the expense of the county.
1 mring the Sioux war Holdredge was an
artist on Sorihner's Magazine, and was
with the United States troops when Gen
eral Custer was massacred by Sitting
Bull.
Richmond Wants Bonds.
A meeting of the executive committee of
. the Richmond District Improvement Asso
ciation was held at 330 Tine street yester
day, at \<*hloh a careful review of the re
quirements for the Richmond district was
I thoroughly discussed.
it was unanimously decided that the
MAJOR BALDWIN'S ROYAL
BLOOD CAUSES TROUBLE
MAJOR WILLIAM H. BALD
WIN", commissary of subsist
ence, T'nited States army, at
present engaged in purchas
ing supplies in San Francisco for
the us.- of T'nrle Sam's brave soldier
boys who are fighting the half-sav
age Tagallos in the Philippines, has
a fund of humor as expansive as his
eorporoslty. and when it is remem
bered that the major tips th<* scales
at something like 200 pounds,
stripped. It is easy to realise that
life with him has no dark and
gloomy side. Jn fact, aside from»his
official duties the major refuses to
take life seriously, but fes a joke
•with a facility that is the envy and
at the same time the despair of his
brother officers and associates.
Ever since the outbreak of hos
tilities with Spain over a year affo
cranks and freaks of all descriptions
have been In the habit of drifting
Jnto the quarters of the major In
the commissary headquarters on
N< w Montgomery street, and the
jovial officer has evolved moro
pleasure from their Individual visits
than an ordinary person could Ret
out of a first-class minstrel per
formance. He has been made the
target for tragic threats and queer
petitions galore, but he treats them
all as jokes and chuckles gleefully
over his experiences.
A short time ago a young man of
imposing mem and pompous manner
called upon Major Baldwin, and
after pome preliminary conversation
apropos of nothing requested a favor
in connection with a contract for
furnishing supplies for the army.
He was Informed that he must take
his chances with other contractors,
whereupon he waxed indignant and,
swelling out his chest like a turkey
gobbler, informed the military man
that he was a person of Importance
and that he was on terms of Inti
macy with high administration offi
cials.
■I have traveled and associated
with the best of them," he declared
proudly. "Why. I have borrowed
money from the Secretary of the
Treasury."
"Giv us another Cabinet officer,"
chuckled the major.
"I am a nephew of the Secretary
(.f War," replied the pompous Indi
vidual, "and if you do not see fit to
grant my request I shall make it my
business to see that you are dis
ciplined."
association will support the method
adopted by the Federation of Mission
< "bibs for the issue of bonds for general
improvements, and will ask that they ap
ply to the Richmond district, so that first
class schools, streets, electric lights, sew
ers and all sanitary precautions may be
supplied to and in the district, especially
so on account of the district being infect
ed with blight from the cemeteries which
exist in that section.
It was also resolved to unceasingly work
to nceomplish the passage of laws to pre
vent further burials within the. limits of
the Richmond district and contiguous ter
ritory-.
IN HONOR OF LINCOLN.
The Monument League Meets and
Transacts Important Business.
Last evening the Lincoln Monument
League of California met in the rooms of
the I'nion League flub. Palace Hotel.
comrade Charles Edelman moved that a
committee of five be appointed to draft
suitable resolutions commemorative of
the thirty-fourth anniversary of the death
of the martyred Lincoln. President W.
W. Stone appointed on the committee
General Edward S. Salomon, A. J. Vinlng,
j John A. Whitesides, Frank E. Myers and
I Judge M. Cooney, who prepared the fol
lowing:
This day, the "15th. day of April, being the
anniversary of the death of Abraham Lincoln.
I we. the Lincoln Monument I<eafrue of f'aii-
I fornia, deem it the proper time to urge to rf>
nrwed efforts all those who fepl with us that
the accomplishment of our object Is one in
which all patriotic Americans are and ought to
! be deeply interested.
I Thirty-four years ago to-day, death, directed
by tin' cruel hand of an assassin, robbed this
j nation of Its greatest representative and all
humanity of Its grandest anil noblest champion.
The event plunged America into such grief and
sorrow as the world never before nor since wit
j nesse.J. There Is no occasion in the history of
i the world where the mourning of a preat nn
i tlon met with such universal and profound
i sympathy from all the peoples of the plohe as
i sorrowing America did on the Joss of that proat
: martyr of liberty.
We, therefore, on this anniversary pledge our
-1 selves to work faithfully and Incessantly and
: to '-"ntlnue our labors until a grand and noble
, monument will proudly stand upon the shores
I of the Pacific to proclaim by its grandeur to
I the world that we. the people of California.
] remember the services of Abraham T,lnco|n,
appreciate his greatness, revere his memory.
and wHI forever love it as that of the preatest
American who ever lived to defend universal
1 '.iberty and the equal rights of all mankind.
The resolution was unanimously adopt*
; ed by a rising vote.
A resolution was adopted Instructing the
chairman to appoint a committee of
seven, whose duty it shall be to secure
from the Board of Supervisors, the Mayor
and those in authority the most elieihle
position In the proposed panhandle exten
sion of Golden Gate Park. To this end
there was considerable discussion. There
was a universal desire expressed that the
most suitable point upon which to erect
the monument to Lincoln would be at the
Intersection of the boulevard entrance and
Van Ness avenue. Acting upon the sug-
"Good," retorted the major. "But
do you know who I am? I am a
nephew of the Prince of Wales."
The major's last shot floored the
visitor completely, and he retired
from the fk-ld crushed and speech
less. But the matter did not end
there. The "nephew" of the Secre
tary of War and "friend" of the
Secretary of the Treasury and other
Cabinet officers was determined on
revenge. He drew up a long com
plaint against Ma.ior Baldwin and
forwarded it to the War Depart
ment. In this complaint, amnng
other things, he charged that the
major was a foreigner and a scion
of royalty, and demanded to know
by what right an Englishman was
allowed to hold a commission In the
T'nited States army and entrusted
with the Important duty of purchas
ing provisions for American soldiers.
The document was forwarded to
"Washington, and underwent the
usual course of red tape, and was
finally returned to Major Baldwin,
decorated all over with hieroglyphic
indorsements and recommendations
affixed thereto by the various offi
cials through whose hands it had
passed. Major Baldwin has not re
ceived any notice of a prospective
court martial, and the receipt of the
peculiar document has afforded him
endless amusement.
A few days ago another beef con
tractor was complaining to the
major that the columns of stuff
published In the newspapers regard
ing the alleged poor quality of the
beef furnished the army during the
Santiago campaign had ruined hia
business. The major grew sympa
thetic at once.
"Why, my boy," Bald he, "I'll tell
you how you can sell all the beef you
can furnish, the newspapers will not
have an unkind word to say and the
soldiers will never utter a complaint
as to the quality of their rations."
"How is that?" eagerly inquired
the canned beef man.
"You just put a silver dollar in each
can of beef," advised the major,
"and everything will be lovely."
Needless to say, the seeker of beef
contracts wasted no mdre time or
words with an officer who could dis
cuss with levity the misfortunes of
his millionaire employers, and he
withdrew with a reproachful look on
his face, leaving the major shaking
with silent laughter.
gestion of a number present the chair will
delay appointing the committee until he
has carefully weighed the qualincattona
of members of the league who are fitted
for the proposed duties and to consult
with the Mayor in order to secure his
aid.
The chair was authorized to appoint a
committee of three to take in han-1 all
matters regarding future entertainments
to be given in furtherance of the objects
of the league. The league then adjourned
to the second Saturday evening in May.
PHI KAPPI PSI.
The Famous Fraternity Now Repre
sented at Berkeley.
The University of California has re
ceived another addition to its fraternities
in the shape of the California Gamma
Chapter of Phi Kappa Psi. The installa
tion took place last night at Albion Hall,
followed by a banquet. The charter mem
bers are as follows: 1,. N. Scott, W. B,
Scott, R. 1,. Logan, J. J. Kline. E. A.
Stone, C. Schilling, J. V. de Laveaga, Her
bert Masters, Fillmore Wiiite, H. T.
Moore, H. L. Leete, Kd J. Ford, P. H.
Emerson, H. M. Love, Q. C. Noble.
The banquet hall was elaborately dec
orated with I*. C. colors, blue and gold.
Covers were laid for seventy-five in the
shape of a triangle surrounding a circu
lar table laden with flowers, ribbons, fra
ternity emblems, etc. After an elaborate
menu, accompanied by spirited college
songs and jokes, toasts were responded
to as follows. Toastmaster, Percy 11.
Evans: "Phi Kappa Psi's Welcome to
California Gamma," "W. H. Mayhew;
"California Beta's Greeting," C. G.
Brown; "The Phi Psl Baby— California
Gamma." C. Schilling; "Old Friends and
Young Friends," T. w. Nowlin; "What
Phi Psi Means." 11. A. Yeazell; "Our Fra-
I ternity— Past and Future," J. T. Rich
ards.
The Greek letter fraternity of Phi Kap
pa Psi is in the leading rank in the forty
leading colleges of the country where it
is represented. It numbers over 8500, of
whom about 800 are at present in colleges.
The fraternity is represented on the
roast by alumni associations at San Fran
cisco, Los Angeles and Portland, and by
a chapter at Stanford University, which
conducted the installation and which has
always taken a prominent part in Stan
> ford fraternal life. Among the alumni
here are Judge MiKinley of Los Angeles,
B. L. Campbell, Dr. Robert Coyle, D.D.,
Rev. George E. Walk: \V. A. Beasly, Dis
trict Attorney of San Jose; J. T. Richards,
T. W. Nowlin. c. K. Mclntosh and J. <'■
| Needham. The Berkeley chapter starts
I under the most favorable auspices, is a
body of young men of good standing both
in college and outside life, and will occu
py a comfortable house adjacent to the
university grounds.
PISTOLESI CONVICTED.
Acting Police Judge Barry Will Sen-
tence Him To-Morrow for Dis
turbing the Peace.
Attorney L. C. Pistolesi was convicted
by Acting Police Judge Barry yesterday
on the charge of disturbing the peace and
was ordered to appear for sentence to
morrow. On March 6 Pistolesi and Fred
Wickenhausen went t<> Bacon place and i
attempted to evict two women. The
women refused to move and a row ensued,
during which the nttorney and Wicken
hausen were arrested for disturbing the
peace.
In convicting Pistolesi the Judge re
marked that as an attorney he ought to
have known that the proper person to
serve the eviction papers w r as a Sheriff.
: As he had confessed that Wickenbausen
I had acted under his instructions he WouW
dismiss the case against Pistolesi'a agent.
Pistolesi sneeringly Insinuated that he
knew beforehand that he would be con
j victed. aS the Judge was biased against
I him, but he supposed that a fine of fa,
1 no alternative, would be imposed, which
would satisfy him. The, Judge hotly il -
' nied that there was any bias in his mind
against Pistolesi. and if he considered
that a fine of $:, with no alternative would
be imposed he was very much mistaken.
Pistolesi,. after he left the courtroom,
said he would appeal the case and would
do everything in his power to drive Barry
out of the Native Sons' organization and
ruin him politically. The Judge laughs at
i his threats.
THE SENATOR IN PORT.
She Brings With Her Lieutenants
Finlay and McCall and Clerk
Sanford.
Tho I'nited States transport Senator
I reached port last night after sundown and
dropped anchor off Alcatraz Island. She
has on board Lieutenant E. B. Finlay of
Company K. First California Volunteers;
I Lieutenant McCall of the First Idaho, and
! R. Sanford, quartermaster's clerk.
Lieutenant Finlay says that the Califor
nia boya" are in good health and spirits,
I but would gladly welcome orders sum
moning them home. He knows nothing
j new regarding the situation at Manila, as
I he Bays it is no fully covered by the dls
! patches that tho boys await the "arrival of
newspapers from San Francisco to learn
what is actually going on around them.
The Senator is 23 days 19 hours from Ma
nila and 19 days 4 hours from Nagasaki.
She did not stop at Honolulu. The trans
port Ohio, which left Manila a!. out an
hour before the Senator, is About two
days behind her.
AN HONEST BELLBOY.
; Returns a Large Sum to Major Hays
at the Palace.
Surgeon. Major Hays of the Siamese
I navy arrived at the Palace 00 Friday
morning, and yesterday he instructed the
bellboy on the second floor. Louis Pizarro
by name, to take the suit of clothes which
he had been wearing on his trip across
I tho continent to a tailor and have it
] cleaned and pressed. Young Pizarro, who
j is about 20 years of ngc. did so, and as he
; was passing through the halls with the
I suit on his arm a wallet containing cur
i reney consisting of .CIOOO sterling and $500
! in American notes fell out of the pocket
j of the coat.
Pizarro was astounded at the display
of so much wealth placed at his disposal,
but his honesty has always been above
par, and he forthwith bunted up Burgeon
; Hays and handed him the money. The
! major was agreeably surprised, as he had
quite forgotten t lint the bills were in that
part '■■•■ coat pocket. He was profuse
! in his thanks, and amply rewarded I'izar
i ro for bis honesty.
CITED FOR CONTEMPT.
Treasurer Truman Before Judge Cook
at a Stenographer's Instance.
City and County Treasurer I. J. Tru
man appeared before Judge Carroll Cook
yesterday morning in response to a cita
tion calling 1 upon him to appear and show
cause why he should not be punished for
contempt of court for failing to pay
Stenographer Stevens $110 for work done
in Department 12 of the Superior Court.
Truman refused to cash the stenograph
er's demand on tho ground that it should
first be passed by Auditor Wells. It is
claimed that the Supreme Court has held
upon several occasions that the formality
of placing the claims first before tha
Auditor is unnecessary, the signature ot
the Judge in whose court the stcnog
j rapher is employed being sufficient. Judge
Conk did not determine the action yester
| day, but continued it for further hearing
I till the 18th inst.
TO BECEIVE THE FIRST.
The Gallant California Volunteers
Are Expected Home in June.
The joint committee representing- par
| lors of the Native Sons and of the Native
Daughters preparing to receive the First
California Regiment met again last night
In Native Sons' Hall. The statement was
I made as coming from an .authoritative
I source that the regiment would return
from Manila in June.
The form which the reception will as
sume has not been determined. It will
be governed largely by the amount of
money available at the time. As a pre
i liminary step in raising money with
which to entertain the Californians a mv
' sical and vaudeville show will be held
at Mechanics' Pavilion May 10. A varied
i programme will be prepared by the com
mittee in charge. This committee is drawn
from both orders having the reception in
hand. The programme will be made
public shortly.
Deputy Grand Master Workman.
. Grand Master "Workman J. M. Collins
of the Ancient Order of Unite.* Work
men has reappolnted Edwin Danforth
deputy grand master workman for the
jurisdiction of California. The anointed,
who Is himself a past grand master work
man, and who at the recent session was
elected one of tne supreme representa
tives, filled --the office to which be has
beeYi reappolnted during the last term and
proved a very energetic worker.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. •
iiHMflSlHßHKHilVl^lMlililfl
"CALTHOS"
Prof. Laborde's Marvelous French Cure for Lost Manhood.
FIVE DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Sent Absolutely Free by Sealed Mail To All Sufferers.
tißaps-WJHifflai * N0 Ci Oa D> 0R DEPOSIT SCHEME
BB^-i-'^??:&WBits The only preparation known to science which really
v£3S(^/^&ftSRMgHHB§g yJ^w cures Lost Manhood is "CALTHOS," the marvelous
! i BIB3S^SNS"HBI»Hi /a&^ZsL French remedy discovered by Prof. Jules Laborde. It is
IMBfe ■'••■:■ i'^v^B^nß v ' -v. V controlled in this country by The Yon Mohl Company, of
fifcv':r'/SiJwHBl B V V\f Cincinnati, Ohio, a concern which occupies a high and
HMRi^WiWillwßg /I av7 honorable place in the world of medicine. It is one of the
If^^r^t^iiW^^^^y f* y largest and most responsible houses in Cincinnati, as
ra^^M^^.mKr jX^ anyone who is acquainted in that city will testify.
ly'SSpJ^H^Sy * **^"tH ' The Yon Slohl JCompany invites all men suffering
i^'V'^vMßSsiir /[ //Hi from Lost Manhood, Spermatorrhoea, Varicocele, Small
K^\"^sswsr /V^. -.II JO Parts or Weakness of any nature in the Nerves or Sexual
»riwTv|K*y i /OSp *^sv/llfl Organs, to send their names and receive a five days' treat*
>*t.'. rt i ; k'sfey AP^KCw //lilt ment. This will prove the wonderful vitalizing powers
S&^ii? rs' ; 'sW-//jl\\\ of "CALTHOS." After using it five days the sufferers
6*ftKwJ v&it&^/S 1 111 \ w'^ fin< uew v^ or *P their organs, new force in their
WMafeJiu WHvJ^^/ 'I v \ muscles, new blood in their veins, new ambition, and
3&Rsm r'Vv^.-^7| rapid progress toward the buoyant feelings and sensa»
l?y^/7i \ A I tions of youager days.
jfißre^ffA V 3 \( 1 |\\ This liberal free offer is genuine. There is no swind*
iPjSR'.'.-fej.V VI \\ I h\\ ling CO. or Deposit Scheme connected with it. The fiv«
BKr?w.-:JK \ V l / \ 1 days' treatment is sent by 6ealed mail to all on request,
Meß?Vs*'' > 'R III) wrapped in a plain package, and full printed instructions
■j*?&£i; : i:gw>^tt I V \ accompany the medicine, so that each patient becomes
H*'si':i"'^sT\i\f 1 t/\\\» his own doctor and cures himself at home.
jjft&jfo^'.'&JJ , \ \u/ It doesn't make any difference what caused the weak*
HBCJfau-X'iSJf m) rrl \ -^" ness— whether bad habits in youth, or excess, or over-
gMfev&Ky^iW" §&Il^ \ work, or business troubles. "CALTHOS" will effect a
fflHEvl'.\V;V':Vjpj K-vA \ cure, no matter what big name the disease may be called
jjß'&'&'jß JBtt\ The Yon Mohl Company treats all correspondence ia
IhF#-&JMB JQI^A perfect confidence. Under no conditions will it make
jß;;Vo^jH| B&P'A public the names of the thousands who have written tes-
Bffi'.'r..'..'-'^flW ' /Jbßlk^A i • timouials telling of their restoration to robust manhood
BM&y":ft : MHF <wHBt-^? ■ V after other medicines and appliances have proved worth-
H&sV<flV° / HHy / less - "CALTHOS" is regularly used in the French and
HR:i'sy.:Vßß Mn / ['■ German armies, and the soldiers in those countries have
Wr^WM IB | F& come to be perfect models of strength and vitality. Cures
SHm'sß HBH/ JiSi\ are effected at all ages from twenty to eiphty years. There
jHj3fcV:'vJß H/ A"i§ * s no case 'except where the stage of epilepsy or insanity
S?#^aw2?i@i t^^^F I e$ ' nas been reached) which it will not radically, quickly and
Kfr\vaß BB> H&Bl. \ K.**v permanently cure. Sexual weakness does not cure itself.
/P ■^»:T a ' i *»™* 1 y**«** \&^"^S^. It grows worse from week to week. Each day aggravates
&S&M ■I \ V*®f^^^O tne mental and physical anguish. '
Vai'W % *- t * ' Send today for the free five days' trial treatment. If it
Vu/J helps you, more of the medicine can be purchased. If it
does not nelp, no harm Is done and no money has been paid out. You can send your name ia
' the full knowledge that it will be k*ept from all. The " CALTHOS " department of our business
is strictly confidential. Address applications for trial treatment, etc.. to
THE YON MOHL COMPANY, 482 B, Cincinnati, 0 .! i^^T.gffig,&ffSg£g
HE HAD NOT FORGOTTEN
THE RED CROSS LADIES
WAN and bent, hollow cheeked and pallid with that dull, leaden pallor •
that bespeaks of Illness in a tropical clime, his eyes sunk deep into
their sockets, but burning with an unnatural glow, a mat of straw- <
tinted locks falling from beneath a gray slouch hat that was dented, c
drawn and twisted Into the most grotesque shape and covered with letters 4
; and symbols so dear to the soldier's fancy; his shrunken form leaning .
heavily on a stout stick, while the dingy blue trousers and brown canvas <
! blouse, much too large for the frame they covered, spoke mutely of long •
, and severe service by one who was not always overparticular as to his per- c
v Bonal appearance. All in all, he was about as dejected and forlorn an mdi- <
» vidual, and as far from the ideal of one of Uncle Sam's humble heroes, as S
could well be imagined. r
i "'•", ' Painfully and laboriously dodging the multitude of teams on East street i
and avoiding the hurrying commuters with an awkward expression of apol-
'» ogy for being in their way, he made his way to the ferry depot and down i
1 to the gate where the vehicles enter. Approaching the cross-grained gate- c
' keeper, he gazed at that individual Inquiringly a half minute before he yen- <
; tured to ask: •
'•Say, Mister, can th' boys go out thar' on th' wharf now?" (
! Something in the tone, as well as the appearance of the questioner, im- .
pelled the busy gateman to pause and then to grant the permission that is <
' extended to the boys in blue, a trifle less surlily than usual. i
"Thanky. Mister; jes' thought I'd like to take another look aroun' here," .
! and the bent ngure ambled down toward the slips. S
Past the baggage-room and on along the great building he moved, peer
! ing into first the narrow gauge and then the broad gauge waiting rooms as <
though looking for somebody or something. Not finding him or it, he kept •
! on until checked by the gate that divides the Southern Pacific section from ,
that of the Donahue road. His features bore unmistakable signs of disap- ,
' pointment as he turned and made his way back, stopping at one of the <
, slips while the passengers from one of the Oakland boats hurried ashore <
1 and out through the exit.
> "Don't seem to be no more Red Cross ladles here now," he ventured to j
' one of the officers of the boat who had followed the last passenger ashore <
> and paused at the end of the apron. . •
"Oh. no; they haven't been here since the last of the volunteers wer« j
' sent to Manila last summer," came the careless reply.
, "That so! I s'pose they thought they'd done all they could when they ;
' saw th 1 last of us off." A pause and then he went on: "Guess they didn't <
; think any of usd be comin' back an' might like to see 'em again, an' i
there'll be a whole lot as won't come back, shore 1 enuff. 'cept in boxes." '
; Another pause, while a suspicious dimness blurred his vision. «
"Yes, there'll be a good many left behind," assented the steamer* officer. '
' "Have you been out there?" . ■ ■ «
"Yea: jes' got back th' other day. Ben out to th' hospital at th' Pre- •
! sidio ever since. This is th' first day th doctors let me out, an' I thought S
Td like to see them Red Cross ladies again— is, if they were here."
; • "You haven't forgotten them, then?" • !
"Forgot them wimmin, neighbor? Why, you might jes' ez well expec" a ■
; man to furget his mother! No, I hevn't furgot them an' ther' ain't a man in <
the Philippines to-day, volunteer or regular, that hez f ergot them. Thet is, (
not one who's alive, I mean."
"Then the boys appreciate what the society did for them while they were <
here?" . <
"Neighbor, you kin bet yer supper th' boys appreciate them ladies. Goin' <
out on the steamer we used to talk about them people an' wisht we had an- ,
other sandwich sech as they brought to iis when we went away. Layin' in th'
' trenches nights out thar th' boys used to talk about th' Red Cross folks when <
. they'd get through talkln' about home. You see, th' first wimmin we met
' after we left home was them Red Cross ladies right here, an' you know, !
! neighbor, a kind word an' a flower an' somthin' kinder homelike to eat ,
counted a whole lot with th' boys, 'specially them that hadn't never been '
' away from. home before. Then they used to come out to Camp Merritt an' ,
bring th' boys things an' help them write home, an' we'd come down here an' '
' they'd always have a cup o' hot coffee an' somethin' thet tasted good to eat. ,
"We were always welcome an' they jes' wouldn't take a cent from us, though '
' the boys would ha' ben glad to pay them fer what we got. .; ~,
"A'ter we got to Manila I was took sick with th' fever an' was in th' '
'■ hospital fer weeks. I tell you. neighbor, I used to think o' them Red Crpsa (
ladies mighty nigh as much as I did o' my mother, an' I often wondered if '
> I would ever see either of 'em agin. Then came th' attack on Manila an' th' ,
fightin', and me an' th' rest o' th' boys what could get outen bed fergot all
' about th' fever an' joined their companies. I was actually gettin' well when |
> a Filipino sharpshooter planted a bullet in me here"— indicating ljis right
' breast— th' next I knew I was back in th' hospital. At first th' doctors <
! paid I'd never get well, an' I'd think of th' folks back home an' wonder if ,
they'd get along all right 'lthout me. "You see, father's gettin' pritty old '
' now an' I'm th' only one of th' boys who'd stayed with him on the farm. I ;
' thought too, of these wimmin here, an' was sorry I wasn't never goin' to (
1 have a chance to thank 'em again for what they done for me. -
"But after a while I got better an' they decided to send me back, though ,
'• the doctors said it was doubtful if I stood th' voyage home.. Once on the trip
I had a bad turn— coughed up blood, you know, an' th" doctor said I might ;
' not live till we got to San Francisco. I made up my mm', though, that
p I would at least live till I got among th' Red Cross ladies again, an' now I'm '
' so much better th' doctor says I can go home soon. Think o' that, neighbor. ,
I'd about given up th' idea of seem' ma and th' rest an' was 6atisfyin* my- '
' 6 elf with th' thought that I'd just manage to get this far. But I'm goin' ,
home. Maybe I can go nex.' week. Say, won't ma an' pa be tickled— an' won't '
' I! But I'm sorry I ain't goin' to get to see th' Red Cross ladies again. If ;
you should happen to see any on 'em down here jes' tell 'em all th' boys re
-1 members 'em." '
Even more slowly than he hobbled on the dock the beardless veteran ,
' made his way out to a car and the hospital, to patiently await the day '
1 when orders come for him to proceed home and to "ma," ;
|-»ff»88»88»83*&» 8J ♦SS+B*+BS*-B*+SS+£ 88*8 i+Si+BB+BB -» 88 -»■ 83 -»-8i *■ 88-»88«-88*8S«- 1
PROPERTY THAT IS TAXABLE.
City and County Attorney Lane
Sends the Board of Supervisors
an Important Opinion.
City and County Attorney Lane has
sent to the Board of Supervisors an opin
ion bearing on several questions as to the
liability of certain goods to taxation. The
first of these relates to goods consigned
to this State from another State. After
quoting the statute and the rules and
i.^illations of the State Board of Equali
zation bearing on the subject, Mr. Lane
"The conclusion must therefore be
reached that the State statute must gov
ern and goods consigned to this State |
from another State for Pale must be :
taxed even though In original packages!
and In the hands of the consignor."
Regarding insurance companies. Attor
ney Lane advises the board that money
in the hands of a general agent of an in- j
Burance company is taxable. Premiums
due and in the course of collection are
h.ld to b*V taxable as "solvent credits."
In the matter of stocks it is held that
"the shares of stock corporations, the
tangible property of which is situated
and taxed in this' State. may not be taxed,
but that the shares of stock of corpora
tions, the tangible property of which is
situated in another State, may be taxed."' I
Death Came Suddenly.
Anton Seterich, a N fisherman, dropped
dead at his residence, 8 Union siixut,
shortly after 6 o'clock last night. He had
just partaken of a hearty meal and was
tilling his pipe preparatory to an after
dinner smoke when he foil to the floor.
The Coroner's office was notified and the
body was taken to the Morgue, where an
autopsy will be held. Seterioh was 53
years of age and a native of Austria. He
h.is been suffering from heart disease and
other troubles.
AUCTION SALES.
$50,000 BANKRUPT STOCK!
SUN FAT & CO.,
nSTo. 39 OEARY ST.
WILL BE SOLD OUT BY
AUCTION
For the Benefit of the Cred.rnrs.
TO-MORROW (Monday), April 17.
At 2 and Bp. m. dally until n are disposed of.
Consisting of CHINESE AND JAPANESE
GOODS. OLD GOLD, SATSUMA AND CLOI-
SONNE WARES. HRONZIEB, EBONY GOODS,
A BEAUTIFUL COLLECTION OF CARVED
IVORY GOODS. SILKS, SILK PIECE GOODS.
LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UNDER-
WIAR, SU.K BEDBPREADS. ROBES. JACK-
ETS AND TABLE COVERS.
C. P. TROY * CO.. Auctioneer*.
1516
LEPER BUILDING
DESTROYED BY
OFFICIAL ORDER
A New Structure Will
Take Its Place.
SCENE AT THE PESTHOUSE
TOUR SUPERVISORS SUPERIN
TEND THE WORK.
Tlie Task of Rebuilding Will Be Be
gun ns Soon as the Ruins
Can Be Cleared by-
Workmen.
r l uildlng .it thf Pesthou
nee. It was burned
ADV^RTISEMEj^TS.
Save.
How to Preserve, Purify and Beautify
the Skin and Complexion.
*njsslk. -«&r%_ To preserve, purify and beau
i^^^L^^^^^^Xaa, tify the skin and prevent pimples,
v&Sfott&SS&^aß blotches, blackheads, redness, rough-
J^^^Sl^T^^^^ ness, yellow, oily, mothy skin, chap-
*TOa^S*J)^i* pi n tan sunburn, and many other
M'Wnlw *<L> \ forms of skin blemishes, no skin
V^.^ jSBT^b •*? J or complexion soap is for a moment
r^*"* — \ lls *i to c com P are( w i^ Cuticura Soap,
J \ /^* s "*te> because no other soap reaches the
/ / j / \ cause, viz.: the clogged^ irritated, or in-
* 9 if flamed condition of the Pores.
Pimples Cured in 6 Weeks. Face Covered With Pimples.
I -n-a* trouM*<l •with pimples, ♦specially My face was covered with pimples and
on the rh!n and forehpad. I tried several Ma<-kheails. Some would be .11 red, and
homo remrdles. but as they proved to b* of others would be full of white matter. Ten
Bo line, I decided to use CUTICURA dollars spent for soaps, med'clnes, etc.,
BOAP, «n 1 In s!i wefika I was entirely never did m» any pond. It took only thr©«
rid of tt^in. ITKNRY P. DAFTLKE, caJte« CUTICURA BOAP to cure face.
6111 So. Paullni St., CMoa«o, 111. JObEPH B. CLAMER.
327 Court St.. Elizabeth, N. J.
Save Your Hair
How to Prevent Falling Hair, Scalp
Humors and Dandruff.
/^^o*^. Cleanse the scalp and hair thor-
<jrPV\\. oug;hly with a hot shampoo with Cuti-
RoL v^->s^>^ cura Soap, rinse with warm water, dry
\a\ v x^^C^V-^ carefully, and apply a light dressing of
w' s^^^^bv V^4^ Cuticura, purest of emollients, gently
m\ <l^^\v \ <?A rubbed into the scalp. This simple, re-
v-1 j2[ freshing and inexpensive treatment will
N. >v p« J?W J? clear the scalp and hair oi crusts, scales
V^ \^rn an<^ d an runf soothe irritat ed and itching
(iji^ /^s. surfaces, stimulate the hair follicles, sup-
*tf( Jt\ y?r ply the roots with energy and nourish-
ment, and make the hair grow upon a
»weet, wholesome and healthy scalp, when all else fails.
Bad Scalp Humor Cured. Bad Dandruff Cured.
I had a b:il scalp humor, and thought I Dandruff made my hair fall out BO bad I
would co frautic with Itchine. I lost con- got discouraged. I rubbed CUTICURA
elderal)li» of niy hair (of which I had an OINTMENT well Into the scalp twlpe a
abundance, and was very proud). I tried week, and Bhnnipooed with w-irm water
eever.il remedies, but they all proved a and a good lat.i«r of CUTICURA SOAP
failure. I <rixi CUTICURA SOAP, found once a week. My hair is growing out
lmrm^diate lellef, and the Itchiuu Is all thick once more, and free from dandruff,
gone. MRS. M. JIDAN, MISS ADA JATEB,
240 Halliday St., Jersey City. Chelsea, Masa.
Save Your Hands
How to Make the Hands Soft and
White in a Single Night.
■— Ti< i nijipML yjwmwwnrM Bathe and soak the hands on retir-
I jng, in stron hot lather of Cuticura
I S° Ar - Dry thoroughly and anoint
jl?\ Jl^^i|iliL'K! ree ly with Cuticura Ointment, the
r i ij^'liii^i^BßriWß great skin cure and purest of emollients.
fifflli&- Cj^Tll-^.- 'ff ' ear during the night old, loose, kid
litiv& V^ 'gloves with the finger ends cut off. For
rrr ITTV 1 - ¥^ red, rough, chapped hands, dry, fissured,
Wll» I I /'Sti. v tcn n feverish palms, shapeless nails,
PVWwr-i' * / MK^* I xvl^ Painful ringer ends, this one night
\j&\l\ifmlsJjp?JKKb£h treatment is simply wonderful and a
EMAUlHuttflflHi^LJ blessing to all afflicted with sore hands.
Tetter on Hands Cured. Baby's Sore Hand Cured.
I had been trouMed with tetter for ser- I wa« obliged to keep the first three
eral yurs. At tim»-s my hands would be fingers of my little boy's hand done up all
core nil ov«>r, so that I could not use them the time, aa It was a raw core, b*>p!nn|ng
at all, and were bo tender that clear to estend down toward the palm. We con-
WAter, even, nnarted like fire, and It suited thres different pbyslclcos, each a
spread over arm*, neck and face. I had been certain length of time. A gentleman
treated by physicians without benefit. I recommended CUTICURA remedies. I par-
used four bottles of CUTICURA RESOI^ chased CUTICURA BOAP, CDTICURA
VENT, one cake of CUTICURA SOAP, and OINTMENT, and CUTICURA RESOLVENT.
one-b/x ,f CUTICURA OINTMENT, and It £t a*»<l? whjj. I had been using, and be-
ouo im* vi v-.u* ~ Kan W j tll yy em _ w e iii thty cured that hand.
has never trcnil'L-'i me since. MRS. DIAMOND.
tLLA CURZON, Eppingbon). HI. 161 Bronson Aye., Rochester, N. T.
TPTTRT 1 AIVTTI RW'K'RT CLn(i free from every blemish is the
JTUIi-Ci iilll^ CJtTAiiJX skini scalp an(l ha r c i eanßedi purified
and beautified by CUTICURA SOAP. It removes the cause of disfig-
uring eruptions, loss of hair and baby blemishes viz.: The clogged,
irritated, Inflamed or sluggish condition of the PORES. CUTICURA
SOAP combines delicate emollient properties derived from CUTICURA.
the great skin cure, with the purest of cleansing ingredients and mo3t
refreshing of flower odors. No other medicated soap ever compounded
Is to be compared with it for preserving, purifying and beautifying the
Bkin, Fcalp, hair and hands. No other foreign or domestic Boap, how-
ever expensive, is to be compared with it for all the purposes of the
toilet, bath and nursery. Thus it combines in ONE SOAP at ONE
PRICE — namely, 2 r . cents— best Bkin and complexion soap and the
best toilet and baby soap in the world.
Speedy Cure Treatment for Itching, Burning;, Bchlv Humors, not naths
with CI.'TIC'UKA POAI' to cleanse the skin, gentle anolntlnus with crTICt'RA OIVTMEN'T to
bial the nklii, and miM do»*4 of Cf'TICI'RA RESOLVENT to coof the blood. Pold throußhout th»
V7or!d. Prio» THR ft.2Bj or SOAP, 25c; OINTMENT, 6Oo.; RF.BOLVEJTT (half si»,,,
BOe. POTTER DItCG ,t Cnr.M. CORP., Sole Prop*., Boston. Send tat #< Uow to Have litauUfoi
EaJr. Hand* and Bkin," mailed trse to all mentlonloj thU jo*et
tn the ground at nnon yesterday by order
of the Unnrd of Bupervtoors to make room
for a now structure that was ordered
tmilt pome days ago. The leper patients
and their small belongings 'worn removed
to another of the groups of tumble-down
structures .Friday, and when Supervisors
Holland, Algettinger, Attridge and Kal
ben of the t'ommlttee on I'ublic Build-
Inga arrived on the scene shortly before
noon yesterday everything was In readi
ngs for the work of demolition. Fire ap
paratus was put In readiness to prevent
the spread of tlae flames tn adjoining
structures and then the match was ap
plied. The old wooden shell burned fierce
ly for a time and residents In that vicin
ity Who had not been apprised of wli.it
waa going on became alarmed and some
one turned in a lire alarm. The depart
ment responded, hut there was no need
of the Bervlcea of the firemen, for be
fore they reached the scene the build
ing had been reduced to a heap of smol
dering enibers. The ruins will be cleared
as quickly as possible and the construc
tion of the new building- will be begun
without less of time.
The building to be erected on the site
old leper building will be of cheap
construction, but in its dimensions it will
mple for the present needa of the
tunates who are to occupy it. It is
to be fitted with comiortable beds and all
furnishings necessary for the comfort of
the patients and their attendants.
The building destroyed yesterday, which
has been occupied for many years by the
lepers who have in . n confined at the
Pesthouse, was not lit for human occu
pancy, and the fact that It was the only
place provided for the Bhelter of those
afflicted with leprosy has long been a dis
grace tn the city. Some time ago The
Call exposed The true condition of things
at the Pesthouse, and as a result of the
public Indignation resulting from a knowl
edg< ts the Board of Supervisors
voted >y.'.'\r\i im funds for the construction
of a new building. It was thought best
not to build an expensive building, .ns it
Is hoped that In the near future arrange
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 18J)9.
OFFICIAL DESTRUCTION OF THE CITY'S DISGRACE.
ments can be made with the Federal Gov
ernment for the accommodation of Cali
fornia lepers at the leper colony in the.
Hawaiian Islands. Whether or not this
desirabli idition of things can lie
broughi ' ll Is, nevertheless, a fact
the fire that was kindled at the
Pesthi ' ■ was in the interest
of humanity.
Flor jJe Heyneman.
Finest pure Havana citrar on the mar
lot. First class stores have them on sale.
If your dealer does not carry them, send
i:s throe dollars for a box of twenty-five
le Heyheman Dellclosas, expressage
color wanted. Money re
funded to you if cigars not satisfactory.
i man. Brown & Co., 117 and 119 Pine
•
His Collar-Bone Broken.
Frank Anderson, a young man, while
riding on his bicycle alone Bryant street
rday afternoon, fell while crossing
Twenty-fourth street. When picked up it
fvne found that he bad broken his collar-
He was conyeyed to the City and
County Hospital, where Dr. Pryor at
a to him, after which he was re
moved to his home at 1732 Shotwell street.
I J\ DIJLMOcND T.HIEF
I CLEVERLY CJIPTURED
♦
» W, C. Epperson, the .Man Who Jias Been
5 Stealing From Local deweleps,
i Overreaches Jiimself.
♦
** v |A C. EPPERSON* is one of the slickest men that has come under the
\ \A / notice of the police for some time. He is the man who has been
\ \j\i stealing diamond rings from jewelers under the pretext that ho
125 II i was a man of means and wanted to purchase diamonds to i>r«-
-♦ sent to his lady friends.
'•*■> April 3 he went into the jewelry store of W. S. Tabor, 910 Market street,
♦ and asked to examine some diamond rings, as he had Just arrived in the city
•^ and was going to "blow himself in." He
t m .^^^^V was snown a trayful, but as none of the
4" ,^^4&&&!^Sl. rings suited him Tabor turned his back
.* /^j4pSm BhK^V on lim or a mompnt while he pot an-
♦ X-^™WnlBttK3fcw\ othp.r trayful. After carefully examin-
.* / a*®%& SjlSw^e'vV '" 10 rm f ' s Epperson .s;iid he was not
V \v\\ ■''ijnuiui /I •'/ I satisfied with them, but might call
',; \\\\\ lilni I // again. After he. had left it was dis-
♦ > Jl'A'U if \\ " ' covered that a ring valued 'at $165 was
& vv^wl ll /JC ' Wednesday last Epperson called at the
V 111 ! 0\ jewelry store of 8. Schwartz, 502 Battery
£• \^l\\v^\ \v street, and went through the. same per-
♦ NNSteiLj^V^x^j-^ formance, a valuable diamond ring be-
.* inpr discovered missing after he had left.
4 . — ' "* The police were notified and Jewelers
£? were, instructed by the police to be
4, on the lookout for the thief. Friday night he went into the jewelry store of
; . Max Shirpser, 736 Market street, and tried to work Shirpser, but the jeweler was
j on his guard and declined to show him any rings. He left the store and
!jj Shirpser followed him outside to see if an officer was in sight. Detectives Ed
Gibson and Wren happened to be in the neighborhood of the store and Shirp-
g« ser notified them. Epperson had walked as far as Grant avenue when the de-
-4 tectlves overtook him and placed him under arrest.
S3 He appeared to be very indignant at being arrested and declared that he
■ ♦ was a wealthy merchant from Spokane, but the detectives were not to be
•a bluffed and he was locked up In "the tanks" in the city Prison Yesterday
■Z. morning Schwartz called at the prison and positively identified Epperson as
the man who stole the diamond ring, from him, and was even more positive
eg from a peculiar pin that he were in his tie. Epperson was booked on a
4 charge of grand larceny, and other charges will be recorded against him
8? The police say he is about the slickest customer that has come under their
♦ notice for some time, and they are satisfied that he has swindled a large num-
<v ber of jewelers and others. Epperson gave his occupation as a barber but
gj it Is believed that he is a professional crook.
GORGEOUS FINISH OF
THE CHARITY FETE
SOCIETY TURNS OUT FOB, THE
CLOSING NIGHT.
Magnificent Vaudeville Entertain-
ment by the All-Star Combina
tion of the lowa.
The gingerbread fete for the benefit of
the Children's Hospital came to a brilliant
close last evening. Society turned nut en
masse t<> greet the lowa boys, who were
the star attraction of the night. The gal
lant tars made a brilliant showing, and
each number on the varied and excellent
programme was heartily applauded, in
fact, the audience did not seem to be able
to get enough of minstrelsy and mono
logue, and encores were frequent and
main-.
All the troths did a thriving business,
and mar.y of the tables looked dismally
empty lonj? bofore the close. However,
the pleasant Jingle of the treasury box did
much to recompense the deserted, inar
tistic appearance of tl\o hall.
A large number of friends ol the hospi
tal neplocted to visit the fete .lurinpr tho
\v> « k. nsi rvlng themselves and t in ir well
lined purses fur the closing nipht. The
p|easani result was that «ju! t •■ as much
money wns taken in at the door and spent
at th<> various booths last evening as dur
ing all the previous nights of the show
combined.
At tli(> mntim-o th^ro was nlso a splen
did attendance. Thr little ones of tl
dies' Relief Society attended in a body as
thp guests of Miss Kohl, and the generous
hostess hhw that every child h:ul a <-haner>
at the grab-has and ;i pinto of Icecream.
The board of lady managers of the Chil
dren's Hospital spared neither tinio nor
expense to m.-ik.- th" f< t-- an anislir as
well as a flnanciaJ success, and to
lent management all credit for a
I leasant affair is due.
Next Sr-ptpmhf-r tho great rhnrity ball
will l>o held, and \br- ilanop will be the
iirst greal eveni if the wint--r season.
Sarsfield's Anti-Inflammation Balve will
cure deep abscesses and all Inflammatory
swellings. All diseases of this chai
yield quickly to its Influence. I>ruyk'ists*
RELEASED FROM PRISON.
Manuel Rivas and His Girl -Wife Al
lowed to Enjoy Their Honey-
moon.
Manuel Rivas and his girl wife, Tnaoia,
appeared before Judge Mogan yesterday,
the husband to answer a charge of per
jury and tho wife as a witness. The
I wife's mother Is the complaining: wit
ness, but there seemed to be a doubt an
to tho daughter's ape, the mother being
considerably confused on ths subject.
The Judge observed that the complaint
was defective and remarked that it was
a common occurrence for complaints
1 drawn up by his warrant clerk to be de
; fective and he was getting tired of it.
On that ground alone be would have to
dismiss the case, but thought It better to
continue it till to-morrow to see if addi
tional light as to the girl's age could be
brought forward.
Meantime he released Rivas and bis
; wife on their own recognizance to appear
'■ Monday, the wife having been booked a.«
a witness, as she positively refused to
leave her husband.
Mary A. Smith's Will.
The will of Mrs. Mary A. Pmith, who
died on tho Bth inpt., leaving an estate
of real and personal property valued at
Sole Agents for
Maggioni Kid Gloves
The perfection of fit with satis-
faction guaranteed to wearer.
SPECIAL VALUE
Summer Cottage Drapery
Thirty-two-inch figured Hungarian cloth in
about 75 different artistic designs in beautiful
combinations of colors, for
1 Js£ 2 a yard.
Hungarian cloth will be used this summer very exten-
sively at the seaside and other resorts for couch coverings,
-cushion covers, mantle drapes, portieres, wall hangings
and all upholstering purposes.
Hosiery Special
This is a veritable bargain. Children's
plaid hose in -'1 sizes, reduced from 50c and
60c to
a pair.
Goods notv on display in our windows.
135 to 131 Kearny St.
Painless Dentistry.
i^^Tfjfifrt SEE OLIR NEW
l^^g Flesh =Colored
mSt\ <f* rnnnnt be dPtprtPd frnm
H4 tig the natural t^eth am] pirn.
uavi W thin and stronger than
J^ rubber.
Crowns, $3.60. Plates. *5. Filling, sOc.
ALL WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth et., Cor. Stevenson.
-'■■ " ' ■ ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL VALUES
. . . I3ST . . .
New Goods!
* — ■ ■
Sijks. Black Goods.
Changeable Taffeta Silks, col- 1 case Black Mohair Crepons,
ored satin stripes.dark col- ten different <|»| 1C .
orings, extra (j»| AA designs .... «pl»£e) Yd.
heavy quality «pi«WV Yd.
20 pieces Extra Quality
Striped Taffeta Silks, white Black Mohair Crepons,
and monotone effects, poplin effects, eight
equal stripes, in violet, different de- (j»| CA
turquoise, <N AA signs $1.3W Yd.
etc., etc.... Oi«Wv Yd.
n v .. — : rr x , . . An elegant assortment of
Polka Dot Taffetas atest Blacl f Fj d Mohaip
' colorings, in both large, GraniteS( v jnches
medium and $1 j|A handsome d .
small dots. . «P1»V" Yd. signs <t>I.UU Yd.
Black and White and Blue „ . nl t llf ,_ _
and White Checked Taf- 20 P ieces Black Wooi Taf "
fetas. complete line, dif- fetas « 44 lnches Wlde »
ferent size <h AA genuine French manu "
checks . $I.WU Yd. facture $j #25 Yd
Complete assortment of
best quality Printed Fou- 1 case Reversible Silk and
lard Silks, latest color- Wool Figured Etamines;
ings, 24 inches wide and four different designs,
extra fine AA $2.00 and.. (7 7c
twills ..... <PI»UUYd $L»ld Yd.
SPECIAL. !
19-inch* CHECKED and STRIPED TAFFETAS, in navy and
white, and black and white, also new effects and
colorings, extra fine quality —
75c Yard.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
jnn.nno, was filed for probate yesterday.
The entire estate is bequeathed in equal
shares to the children of the testatrix,
Margaret Ann Dutton, charlotte Eliza
beth Blyth, diaries W. Smith. George T.
Smith and William Hiram Smith. Some
valuable articles of jewelry are distrib
ute! among the daughters.
Sbarboro & Co.. Grocers, formerly of 531
Washington St.. have removed to 621 Montgom
ery, near Washington.
A Boy Gets Drunk.
Eddie Ballard. a boy 14 years nt age,
nnd Julius Mollison, a companion, got
a bottle of whisky yesterday morning
NEW DIRECT CONSIGNMENT
Just Taken Out of .the 'Custom House in Baa
Francisco.
To Be Sold at AUCTION,
TO-MORROW (Monday), April 17.
At 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m.
1:25 GEARY ST.
We received imperative Instructions to sell
out this unsurpassed collection without reserve.
Do not fall to attend. Goods on view Wednes-
day.
TURKISH RUG CO.
| A. .W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
from the Oak saloon on Sutter street.
kept by Mollison's uncle. Th»y started
in to empty the bottle, and Ballard was
found at Butter and Stockton streets by
Polii eman Alexander in an advanced
stage of intoxication. He was sent to the
Receiving Hospital, and later to the City
Prison. His father lives ai IST Perry
street, and called at the prison -er-terda"
afternoon find bailed him out.
TOUGH MAN WITH A "PULL."
Lewis Zdwards Convicted by Judges
Mogan of Disturbing 1 the Peace.
Lewis Edwards, who says that he is
assistant bartender in the Chicago saloon,
appeared before Judge Mogan yesterday
on a charge of disturbing the peace. He
was arrested about 2 o'clock yesterday
morning in the King House, on Fourth
street, for choking Kmma Brady. The
screams of the woman attracted the at
tention of Policemen Say and O'Shea and
they placed Edwards under arrest.
In Judge Mogan's court yesterday Ed
wards was particularly offensive in his
demeanor and declared to the arresting
officers that, he had a "pull" and could
beat the case. His conduct exasperated
the Judge and he convicted him and or
dered him into custody to appear for sen
tence to-morrow morning, when he will
get the full limit.
L.adif>s' talTor-made suits, fur rapes, rl-vaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Butter, moms 6-7.
UNIQUE ART EXHIBITION.
Will Be Given by California Club
Next Month.
The- exhibition of Industrial arts to he
given by the California Club in the art
gallery of i be Mechanics' Pavilion May
20 to 27, Inclusive, promises to be np? of
the most successful displays of its char
acter 'ever arranged for San Francisco.
The club lias already collected bountiful
exhibits, anil -will soon placa them in po
sition In the gallery. Doxey, the book
man, will contribute an exhibit showing
the process and labor of bookmaking. The
manuscript will "be first shown, after
which it will go through the various
ptages of printing and eleetrotyping. Th«
making of the covers and the binding will
also be an interesting feature. Willis
Polk's "Approach to San Francisco,"
showing his plans for beautifying the
ferry bulling premises, will he exhibited
for the first time. Mrs. NordhofTs sam
ples of bookbinding will bo gjven a promi
nent place. Mrs. Grace Hudson will placo
nn exhibition a number nf her paintings
of Indian scenes. Two Piutes from the
wilds of Nevada will occupy a little booth,
in which they will weave Indian baskets
and other wares.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
RECLININQ^CHAIRS.
SfECIAL-g8.50-™'#,,.
Large, roomy, massivp, hand-
some and comfortable. Ma-
hogany, fitted with corduroy
cushions, -brass fittings.
You, your friends and your
purse will like it.
THE J.INOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
/O/7-/023 MISSION STREET,
flbove Slxtrj-
Pfcone Sonth 14. Open Evenings.THE Sunday Edition CALL
HARK AWAY !
#T» ID AFTERNOON in tne rartner cor
-111 ncr of the polo field at Burlingame.
11l Two smooth and well-kept roads
ill meet here. lined by tall eucalyptus
I \ tree? which cast a shifting network
P \ of shadows on the pray assemblage
beneath— on parasols held over pretty heads
hat k-nn comfortably back In luxurious car
riages; on trim, sailor-made figures Bitting high
' English looking carts; on horsemen and
horsewomen comfortably mounted on sleek
cobs- on [llagers stopping their wagons to
jvateh the scene; on innumerable children, girls
and boys ome on bicycles from school and
home to watch the start— such is the back
irroiind of the scene at a meet of the San
Mateq hunt,
At one side of the field is the huntsman In
ho center of the pack, conferring, perhaps, with
he master of the hunt regarding some feature
if the day's run. while his assistants circle
ihout on their sl<*ek mounts, keeping the hounds
veil bunched by dexterous flipplnps of the six
oot thongs with which their crops are armed.
The hunters come up in groups of twos and
hrees, with perhaps a huntress or two among
henv exchanging greetings with each other
and vlth the ]n<l\f><> in the carriages. The men stem armed rap-a-ple
for the fray, or, rath-.-r, they louk as spick and si'an, ir. their low
THE SA& MATSQJjUriT^LU^^ WERE ftRESEHTEP JQJTHZ jCWtUfIL WflklEß>lQPflirr^ Q*E*U&U&
caps, ■white hunting stocks, short gray coats, white breeches and
riding boots, as If they had just stepped out of bo many bandhoxeß.
They are not in the traditional "pink" of the hunting field, but never
theless they present a very brave appearance. The ladles who ride
are in th usual dark, well-fitting riding-habit and silk hat. Now
and then one of them stops to adjust a strap here or a buckle there
as they move about In tho throng.
At last the time Is up, there will be no more waiting for
stragglers. The huntsman resigns his charge of the pack tr> the
master of the hunt and the whips, the horn — a mere little toy
trumpet, it looks — is sounded, and the impatient dogs, made the
more keen by an |xtra phort allowance of food, are off on the trail.
"They're off! They're off!" flies through the crowd, and those
who are to follow the hounds draw out from the throng and are
after them at a rattling pace — not too fast at first, however, for the
man who rides down a hound is a greater duffer in. the hunting field
than he who trumps his partner's ace at whist.
But soon the old hounds have found the scent, and giving voice,
off they go at a long, swinging pace, that soon leads the whole pack
out of danger from even the worst duffer that ever bestrode pigskin.
I streak off across the country in a scatterea mgnt, me
er of the hunt k'-pptng well to the fore with them, and
iound.of their yelps and barking makes pretty music in
till afternoon air.
hen follows a run that SPts the blood tingling. Across
temdow thpy gr,, with the hounds well ahead. A fence Is
fjnt, but. the .lops slip through It like water through a
. Now the foremost rider reaches It, and, tightening his
rein as the horse risen <m its haunches, he is borne easily Into the
air, down safely on the other Bide, and is off again, while the others
follow swiftly after In ;m Irregular string.
Then up the hill they go, slowing down a bit perhaps, but soon
catching up with the yelping hounds wh"n they reach a level stretch.
And bo they go, up hill and down dale, over grassy meadows, where
the stolid kine stare at them, and through patches of chaparraJ, in
which frightened rabbits scuttle out of their way. It Is hot work,
and of the dozen or more jumps on the run several are steep enough
to try a man's nerve If he is not sure of his horse and of himself.
Midway in the run they reach the "check," an appointed resting
place, where man and beast take breath and make ready for the
I ward run. The huntsman and his assistants kepp the hounds
in check till timp Is up, and then off thpy go for the finish.
This Is at some previously appointed place, and tbere ax« often
pight-seers there to
welcome the first
man in. As there 1h
no fox there is no
"brush" to win. The
dogs are rewarded
with hunks of meat,
odorous of the scent
they have been fol
lowing, but for the
human hunter there
is no tangible prize.
But he has his re
ward. Thirst and ap
petite are his in un
wonted measure, and
the tired hunters ad
journ to the house of
him that lives near-
est and there regale themselves with refreshments both potable and
edible. Then homo they go in time for a tub and change before
dinner, -which meal they attack with appetites worthy of haclcroods
men. This and sound sleep o" nights are the "cross-country rider's
reward.
Such is a run the San Mateo Hunt enjoys, weather permitting,
twice a week in the season, from the late autumn until summer
drives the members to mountain or the seashore. Sometimes, too,
they have extra runs on holidays. The start is made at a quarter
to four in the afternoon from the polo ground of the Burlingame Club,
from Laurel Creek, or from some other convenient locality. \They
make a run of from eight to twelve miles through the neighboring
hills, and are at home again in good season for the evening's meal
at seven.
The hounds with which they hunt, comprising some thirty couples,
were purchased for $5000 by Walter Scott Hobart some three years
ago from L. S. Howland of Washington, D. C, and are famous among
the 'cross-country riders of Washington, Baltimore and New York
as the Chevy Chase pack. When he bought them Mr. Hobart also
secured the services of J. S. Keating, the huntsman, who had been
ovet them for seven years past, and "Jerry" still has them in his
charge. At first Mr. Hobart took the pack out only when h-- had
guesta who wished to hunt, but some two years ago a number of
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1899.
»i. B neignoors grot together and or*an-
£ e< L the . K n , Mate Hunt - The officers
of the club for thls year are: John
Parrott, president; Major J. L. Rath
bone, vice president; Francis J. Caro
lan. secretary; Duncan Hayne, treas
urer; Walter Scott Hobart, master of
the hounds, and J. H. Howard, C. A
Baldwin, F. J. Carolan and E. D Bey-
Brc , np ..„.„. M „ lard, A hiP ,^ Amon the Bubscribers
are v.. ae V- r t±. *>. Bowie, C. A. Baldwin, J D Grant R T
Hayne \v. E Lastar, W. s. Hobart. John Parrott, Duncan Hayne
J. H. Howard, W. H. Howard, Alvlnza Havward T L. Rathbone!
Hugh Hume J. J. Moore, Henry J. CrockS^rry StaSkisf% °W*
McNear E.D.'Beylard, H. P. Bowie, John Lawson. R M Tobln"
J. S. Tobin, Harry Poett, Charles Dunphy, Messrs, Douty Wlliiamson'
Bromfield, Eaton. Walters, Kohl and Casey, and some twenty She™'
The residents and farmers in the neighborhood are all proud of
the hunt, and property owners along the foothills from Belmont to
San Bruno have freely given right-of-way over their lands The
Spring Valley Water Company has also granted the same privileges
aver all its holdings. The club is careful not to abuse thes.- nrivlleires
*nd it regularly sends a man out after%ich run to replace any fence
rails that may have been knocked off and otherwise to repair all
iamage. The club is popular with all residents, and many of the
farmers and cattlemen are subscribers.
Those who ride regularly with the hunt are W. S. Hobart J J
Moore, J. H. P. Howard, J. S. Tobin, Charles Dunphy, Duncan Hayne
Hugh Hume, C. A. Baldwin, John Lawson, F. J, Carolan Harry Poett'
I. D. Grant, Harry Simpkins, E. D. Beylard, F. McCreery and Fred
McNear.
The members frequently have a friend or two down from town
and give them mounts for the run. Mr. Hobart has a stable full of
hunters and — among them his gray hunter Royalty, which
svon first prize for hunters and for Jumping at the New York horse
show; Merry Boy, a large bay hunter, brought from the East, and his
famous Huntress, the bay hunter AH Baba, and a dozen or more g-ood
jumping ponies. The Burlingame Club has a large brown hunter
which the members often ride. Mr. Carolan has a couple of ' good
hunters and expects to add two more to his stable in the near future.
rhe two Tobins, McCreery, Harry Howard, Simpkins, Moore, Dunphy
and Hume have each several free-going, good jumping ponies that
make the runs handily — indeed, no well-introduced sportsman
need lack a mount at a run of the San Mateo Hunt.
It is the intention of the hunt to incorporate this summer and
secure a lease of some suitable property in the foothills back of San
Mateo. In time they will doubtless erect a handsome, clubhouse, and
(Continued on page 20.)18
WHAT SHALL WE DO WITH CUBA ?
In order tr> obtain th* opi-ilon n f ■ number of eminent Americana
on the disposition of Cuba, the following questions were propo
1. What do you think • d purpose of continuing the
military occupation of Cuba until the Cubans in despair ask for an
2. Is annexation desired by thi ■ opffe? Or by tho
Cubans?
3. Should the Cubans be permitted to enjoy recognized
pendence before the question of annexation Is .
4. "When and how should Cuba be evacuated?
• • ■
T. Estrada Palma, Prescknt of the Cuba^ duntcs
Speaks for Guba :
I HAVE absolute confidence In- (ho good teith of the American peo
and the pres mt ad ■ i '' °*
the C ■ ■ ■ ••" i iuban lnd< | i
that President McKinley will ■■■■ idu Lion of the
iby the American armj even b fore a stab ■ vernm i
been established.
I feel sure that the Initial step In this direction will be ti
Boon, probably befor th( summc ... mences I: may I
ht with an intimation to the Cuban people thnt the time has
comr- . ■ tion.
Delegates to such a convention should be the free choice of the
Cuban people, expressed a 1 tin puiis under circumstances free
' in in any form from any source.
Such a cnnvei md would not consider the propo
of annexation, but would devote itself exclusivelj to the estob
t a goven ment '">•• I | pie and by th people. First,
luban people should be, and 1 believe will be, permitted to
realize the fondest aspiration of their hearts, the enjoyment of free
dom, the consciousness of being masters of their own land, their In
■ recognized, their flag respected. They want to srp the
:!irr under which they have fought and bled flying over Morro Castle
■ ry Cuban flag!
Only the future may decide whether they will b<^ willing or not
to become a part of this great nation and to share in it? glorious
v. Annexation will require the consent of both the Ami
luban people, freely expressed. Perhaps neither wan:? it. Per
haps both want It. In any event the sense of justice and fairness of
American people, and the recollection of their own struggle in
the last century, give assurance that we will first n < % granted the
of our hearts, for which we have offered our lives and fortunes
- the independence of our beloved (and.
Is no disposition on the part of any individual Cuban to
dominate. We all intend to sink self in a sincere patriotism,
Cuban people are naturally anxious and Impatient to see
the day of their visible freedom. Should they have occasion to pro
■ i lonp a continuance of the military occupation of
th^ island, I am sure it will be in some dignified and orderly way.
which will appeal to the Rood judgment of the American i
not in a hostile or turbulent form. We realize that we must prove
by our conduct that we are fit and ready for absolute self-govern
ment.
I repeat, I have entire faith in the American people and the gov
ernment.
• • •
Ex-Qo^err\or C. ji. QrosVer\or of Ohio Speaks
for GoPi?re33 :
WE ought to carry out with absolute pond faith our pledges to
the people of the Island of Cuba, and prominently in this mat
ter Is the promise to establish in Cuba a stable government.
Th« President thus far has mov< d steadily in that direction and in
my judpment is meeting with marvelous success when you Consider
the heterogeneous character of that population, the animosities that
grown up out of hundreds of years of tyranny lanklinp in the
breasts of the Cubans, and the lawlessness that the Spanish Gov
ernment was smarting under, the disappointment of defeat, and the
overthrow of their Government's sovereignty in the island.
The?.* th'.nss render early establishment of a government by the
people Island not to be expected, and we must patiently ad
minister first a military government, second a mixed government,
: military and partly civil, and third, such government as Con
may hereafter direct, and then await the issue of events. For
[f I believe that when peace and reconciliation intervene in Cuba
the Intelligent judgm< nt of the people will by an overwhelming
jority favor annexation to the United States, and when that time
Life of the California Boys on Board the Training Ship Pensacola.
The Training Ship Pensacola Is Now StatiDned Off Goat Island end Takjng on Boys Wh;o Are Ambitious to Be Trained for the
SINCE the Government h^s set
asldf Yerba Buena Island a? the
ipon which will be erected the
new Naval Training School, it will
s Interest many Snn Fran
to know something of the
of the naval apprer, 1
Bo;. - nter 1 i vice must
. the full consent of their par
ents r >r guardians. At present the re
ceiving Bhlp la the Pensacola. which Is
anchored to the southeast of the Island.
The vessel, an nld frigate built nearly
fifty years ago and now out of rntnml?-
Fion, has ...... ,, , B wa ter
ilhouse for the purpose of giving thy
■ idlmentary lessons In
18S5, as the flagship of the
she made a cruise In
Eup ; i b under the command of
Ba Call-n Drill cf tr^e OahTorma /Apprentices on Board the Per.sacoia
From a photograph.
<"aptain (now admiral) ';• irge Dewey.
The picture shows Q I ewey upon
ridge of the Pensacola as she then
appeared. Since that time a roof has
been plsved on the top deck, and it is
here thai the commissioned officers hay»
thf-ir quarters. Much of this co
Is also utilizi 'I for other puri
• this roof affair, which
makes the Pensacola look like a Noah's
ark. is really what is the top deck. From
it ascend the mast and riggings, and It
Is here thai the appn lied in
- aloft, handling sails and other de
tails of the seaman's dally life.
Th<> boy who appiies for enlistment
miis' n the ages of IS and 17
years, of robust frame, • and
perfectly healthy and soui ■■ Tents
have to give their written consent to re
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1899.
Gen.M. C. Butler f&t&renwrC/l&rmyemr^f*' *fi
"•- **- for f he Army •* /&/* C&rtgress \r
Histiop Pof/er ITdtv&rd Atkinson
*• /br/fiel7ersy for ffieAnft-/mf?er/dfofc
T. Estrada Pal/nb f?&oJber77ff&sfijifi£fon
*- fhrffieCi/hanJiffffa "^ forf^eJaisZ/sern/Yefro
X Henry C/eFt<f *. fs!J.Jßry&/i £
k^ > /&/• tfo//Jf. f@r//beffesf^B
6 1 will fnvnr it also. I believe that there is enormous value t i
thi L T nited states in the possession, the ab c o]utp arqu'" s^'"" ■ ' ■■■■".•i.
and i ! lii w that the people of Cuba will be greatly benefited by
si ■ b ■'. result, and I earnest!] hope it may be brought about.
Edward AtkifASOr\ of Boston Spzak; for tKa /irtti-
iiTvprrialists ;
BY the sir,n!r,ff of the treaty Cuba has become a r r~>- and inde
pendent state; ivhetbei capable or not c?f organising the forms
of stal i •- ■ ■• rm ■ : ma\ be an open question.
1 ask, by what authority of in,, are United Stal i troops kept
to do police duty In Cuba, at the expense of the taxpayers of this
i ountry?
By what authority of law do officials of ;!"i" [Jnlted States collect
titxes in Cuba ?
However beneficial may be the supervision of General Wood and
others in cleansing acd policing cities, all of which is admitted by
what authority of law can they now remaiii In charge, Cuba being
an independent state?
By what authority of law will our troops be subjected to Uie
rous conditions which affect Cuba in some measure durl
season?
The exercise of power by thf> President of the United Ptates In
maintaining these conditions is either that of an'aul icrat assuming
powers for which there is no constitutional or lesdslative basis, or
else we have no more light to keep our forces in Cuba f h;.n we h:».d
to keep them in Mexico after the treaty of peace had been signed.
• a *
Qer\. JM. G. Butler of tha Cuban Evacuation Ccm-
mittze Sp3aks fcr the Arm :
IX regard to "The allegation that it Is proposed to continue th»
military occupation of Cuba until in despair the Cubans ■: c ; for
annexation," I will say I was not aware thai such an "allegation"
hnd been made, and that so far as my information goes there is no
foundation for it.
My understanding is the United States forces are there with :h°
consent and approbation of the Cubans, to aid them In the pr<
tion of public order and the establishment of a "stable and durable
government" and for other purpos< b.
As to whether annexation is desired by the American p ople or
the Cubans there is no basis upon which an Intelligent answer can
be formulated. The American people have had no opportunity to ex
i•■ opinion on the subject. My individual opinion is thai when
thoroughly informed they would desire the annexation of the Island,
in an orderly, legal manner. It would make om or two of the
wealthiest ard most prosperous States of the American Union.
Whether the Cubans desire- annexation it is equally difficult to give
a satisfactory answer.
There are three classes to be reoon< iled on this or any other
pr< position relating to the future of the island. They are: First,
rge property owners, professional, busi?:^:-. and manufacturing
classes, embracing Cubans and Spaniards. Second, what might be
termed the middle classes, embracing small farmers and manufac
. ar.d third, the laboring" classi s.
These may again be subdivided into the practical and sentimental
class* •
If the decision of the question is left to the first my judgment is
annexation would prevail. Whether this class can Influence the ■
lease all claims upon thrir son until he
has served ills time and is of age. If the
Applicant is an orphan h< must have the
consent of his guaralan, and he himself
must of !. ■ will desli
the service. Commander Riehman exam
ines the applicants very closely as to
these matters. Next the boy has u< pass
a physical examination. For thN he is
taken In hand by the surgeon of the Pen
sacola. This examination is a severe one
In a way .1 u< 1 yet In another U is not, for
all that is required is that the boy hall
br> pound and healthy. Their- arc many
chronic and hereditary troubles th;-. m:i\
lallfy an applicant which would be of
r.o Inconvenience to him In civil life, but
Uncle Sam believes that "the men be
hind the guns'' should be physically per
fect.
She Is now stationed at Yerba Buena (Goat Island) and is taking on board California boys to be trained for
the navy. There are now three vessels of the United States navy stationed here and specially used as schools for
training Pacific Coast boys for the navy. They are the Adams, the Mohican and the Pensacola. The Pensaeola is
of npecial interest just now because Admiral Dewey wag her captain fourteen years ago. The Adams la now on ;i
cruise with v lot of Pacific Coaßt boys, who are well advanced as naval apprentices. In August the Mohican will
take on board the boy* who are now studying on board tha Tensacola and start on an ocean cruise with them.
for annexation it is just now impossible to say. As a rule they may
i" <:> pended on to do so, and I believe when the obligations and
onsibilities of a small, independent nation are fully realized these
v.'ill prefer and seek and alliance with the United States.
After we compelled Spain to relinquish her sovereignty we are
l li dg< <i to permit the Cubans to establish such a government as they
see fit — the [Jnited States authorities determining whether the gov
ernment thus established is of "stable and durable character." I
assume it must.be republican in form.
. If the Cubans set up such a government as can and will be reeng
nized by the nations of the earth, ours among the number, they ought
to be permitted to enjoy their independence as lon T as they choose
and are nble to do so. I do not believe, however, that any govern
ment ought to be permitted that Is likely to involve this government
in trouble with foreign nations, or imperil the safety and welfare of
our own people.
1 take it for granfed our troops will evacuate the island, when our
piedpes and obligations have been carried out, by simply withdrawing
them to our own shores. The tfme for evacuation will depend on the
Cubans themselves. When they have demonstrated their ability tor
overnment, and to manage their own affairs in an orderly, en
lightened manner, our troops should be withdrawn.
*: * *
Booker J. WasKir\£tor\ Sp, aks for the Southern
Negro :
MY general feeling Is that the Cubans ougtit to be left free to
govern themselves. They may make mistakes at first in their
attempts at self-government, as all people ar<> likely to do.
They may not reach an Anglo-Saxon standard of self-government,
but if they have a government suited to their climate ar.d conditions
it seems to me as if that was all we could expect of them.
Ir. bringing Cuba irto our American life we must bear in mind
that notwithstanding the fact that the Cubans^have certain elements
of paleness, they already Beem to have surpassed the United States
in solving the race problem, in that they seem to have no race prob
lem in Cuba. I wonder if it is quite fair to the white people and the
co'ored people in Cuba to bring them into our American conditions
and revive the race antagonism so that they will have to work out
anew the race problem which we are now trying to solve in this
country. I believe that r/e should give the Cubans our protection
and moral support and encouragement in every way possible.
* * •
BisKop OttCr Speaks for the Clergy f
THE question of the future of Cuba and of our relations to that
island would seem to belong to the domains of natural politics
and diplomacy, and as such to be foreign to those who do not
make these their profession. But, under our system of government,
all such questions rest, finally, for their decision, in the judgment of
the people, whose voice and vote ultimately determine policies and
choose those who are to execute them. Under these circumstance^ it
is, I suppose, in order for any citizen to express the hope that the
future policy of the United States will be In accordance with Its own
pledges and its own traditions. • V
As to these there can be no doubt. We have explicitly declared
our purpose, in intervening between Spain and Cuba, to have been
to iintaln the right of the Cubans to be free, and to determine
their i vvn form of government. Whether, in their efforts to do this.
they proceed in accordance with our notions of what they ought to do,
Is an utterly irrelevant question. So long as they do not organize a
government hostile to us. it would Beem to be their business and not
ours to decide what and how they organize.
After the boy has passed Ms physical
examination he is examined as to his
mental qualifications. He mual be able
t" nad and write. \w 9pi cl •' 1 ases, where
a boy shows general Intelligence and is
otherwise qualified he may be enlisted.
notwitl standing that his reading and
writing are imperfect. After the boy has
successfully passed tin- Board of Exam
ining Officers his parents or legal guar
dian must sign ihe prescribed "consent,
declaration and oath," which forms part
of the shipping articles. Then the o;:!h
of allegiance to the Government is ad
mlnistered, and from the moment this |q
d< ne the boj bee imes a defender of the
flag.
The apprentices are quartered on the
gundeck, under the closa Bupervlslon of
experienced petty officers and the com
JK? Tr&irurvg Ship Pet\s-:cola.
Navy. Next August the Mohican Will Call for Then) and TaKe Them on an Oceon Cruise.
missioned officers. They arc first taught
the necessity of keeping their persons
and clothes clean. The boys take a bath
every morning. For this purpose are ar
ranged shower baths In the forward part
of the Pensacola on the gundeck. The
boys wash their own clothes and are al
wagfl required to present a neat and tidy
appearance.
After they have enlisted they are as
signed to squads of ten under the com
mand of a petty officer. These officers
show them how to care for thHr clothing
and to lash and stow their hammocks.
The boys are taught the names and use
of different, parts of the ship, commencing
with the spar deck, the names and parts
of masts, signal instruction and duties of
the watch. There is no detail of a sailor's
calling that, is omitted. The boys who
Any endeavor to coax, wheedle or coerce them Into being annexed
to the United States would be equally hypocritical and dishonest.
And this not only because of our pledges, but because of our tra
ditions. These have affirmed, from the beginning, when we appealed
for their vindication to the world, that a people whether strong or
weak, eastern or western, had a right to be free, and to determine
under what conditions their freedom should be exercised. L/et us not
give these traditions the lie.
True enough it is that other nations have made might to be right;
and, having interfered in behalf of the oppressed, have remained to
convert one form of involuntary servitude into another; freeing men's
bodies perhaps from the hand of the oppressor, but not their wills,
their lives, or their property from the coercion of an external rule.
If we can consent to this, then we tell the world that we do net
believe in our own principles; or rather, that we have no principles,
only expediencies.
For myself, I hope better things of the republic. I>t our stronger
hands lift Cuba to its feet, teach it how to stand alone and to rule
itself; and then — let us take them off! That would be an example
of majestic and self-restrained beneficence worthy of a great people.
* • •
William J. BrVjar\ Speaks for the West:
REPLYING to ynur Inquiry I would say that good faith requires
the fulfillment of the pledge contained In the resolution passed
by Congress. "We recognize the right of the people of Cuba to
be free, not in the distant future, but now. According- to the Presi
dent's message our only purpose in Cuba Is to establish a stable and
independent government, and that ought to be done at once.
• • •
Her\r\J CleWs SpeaUs for Wall Street .
IFT'T no stock whatever in the indefinite ajid unfathered rumor*
to the effect that it is the secret purpose of the American govern
mrnt to prolong, on some pretext, the military occupation of the
island of Cuba until the Cuban people, in despair of securing relief In
any other way,, ask for annexation.
The inland will be evacuated by the American troops as soon as
a stable government is established, but no sooner. Of course our
government must determine when the proper time has arrived.
Any intimation of intended bad faith on the part of the people
conns from irresponsible persons for the purpose of fomenting dis
cord for political effect, or other ulterior ends.
Viewing the matter from the standpoint of the American Investor
In Cuban properties, it is unquestionably best that pood faith in our
treatment of the Cubans should be scrupulously observed. So long
us a stable government of any kind is maintained in Cuba American
investors bave nothing to fear. The island can doubtless be developed
successfully under a free, recognized, stable Cuban government prob
ably as well as if under our own government, especially, as will be
the case, because it is under the protective care of our government.
Annexation may, however, sooner or later come. That, I think,
is an after question. I approve of letting the Cubans have the oppor
tunity of establishing tlv-ir own government, if possible, as promised
them. Tt may be after a large number of the American people have
mingled with the Cubans they may really want annexation. This
will be so if they are convinced that It is but for their welfare. That,
of course, remains to bo seen when the question comes up for decision.
The first steps looking toward the establishment of a stable gov
ernment in Cuba may be taken in -the near future. It may be a mat
ter of some years firpt.
In determining whether the time has come for evacuation, all
signs and conditions will, of course, be duly considered — such as the
conduct of the Cuban people in regard to law and order, the manner
and results of their elections, their respect for duly elected officials,
their Industry, etc. In short, the government should not and will not
pay any attention to the talk of self-appointed leaders or the threats
of excited Individuals, but face the problem in a broad spirit, havinff
in view all the th-^n existing conditions and circumstances.
• * •
WM. E. CH/^DLIF Speaks for goq on gr«s.
To continue the military occupation of Cuba until the Cubans in
despair ask for annexation would be a breach of our plighted
faith and wicked.
As to whether annexation is desired by the American people or the
Cubans no sentiment has yet developed in either nation.
Unquestionably th" Cubans should be permitted to enjoy recog
nize! independence before the question of annexation is agitated.
Cu'.ia will be evacuated very soon— by the American troops simply
cnir.iiu: away.
show an aptitude are given every encour
agement, and they are advanced as rapid
ly as possible. It is possible for an ap
plj< ant to become a petty officer before
hi.s term of service is up.
One of the most striking facts connected
with the teaching of these apprentices on
the Pensecola to become sailors is the
kindness of the instructors. Captain Glass
h::s issued an order whereby the officers
are required to be gentle and firm, to en
deevor to Interest the boy in his new life,
nnri never to forget t h m t while they are
officers th'"v arc also instructors. No haz
ing is allowed, and the boys r>re not per
mitted to use profane language.
After they bave Hen on the Per.paeola
for six months the boys are Bent to sea
for BiX months. The Adams is now on a
cruise with ittO boys, and the Mohican is
DeWey, WKcrv Gaptaim, or\ tKe Bridge of the Pensacola.
fitting out and will probably sail In July
for a cruise around the waters of the Pa
cific. On returning to the training school
the apprentices will be examined, and
those qualified will be transferred to reg
ular cruising vessels of the navy as need
ed, and will receive promotion from time
to time as they merit it.
Tliis is, in outline, the process which
goes on aboard the Pensacola whereby a
i»>y is transformed from a landsman to a
sailor. Over thf training of these ap
prentices the Government has placed Cap
tain Henry Glass, who formerly com
manded the Texas and who carried The
Charleston to Manila. He Is an officer of
long experience, and he Justly appreciates
the responsibility of his new command
for there is no detail That he permits to
escape his notice, and hi Is the final ar
biter of all questions that arise.Curiosities of Everyday Lite on the Klondike.
SO!*fE <-.f the
t very utrangest
phases of fron-
J • ler and min
<-' Ing life are
,nw poing on In the
ilondike. Odd. pa
:hctic, humorous
trul strange things
lappen acrordlr.p
is you happen to
•i^v: them from any
)anioular Ftand
>oint of civilization.
■. istra
\ f
■
skera
■
fresh frc>m
■
': OTO
and
nany uni.r • hap
>«n!ngs pertinent
ilono to thos»» froz
in fields are to be
i^n there. - -.me In
;eresting sid-^ lights
m this life are
ihown in the fol
ifcptrhes by The
"■"all's correspond
ent; Sam Wall.
McClarty's body was car- .
ned for burial by h>i s four ~
partners over the frozen .
trail to Dawsoi), twenty-five
miles away. T*
--ant Gad Wilton at
t z "Strictivj Society ' Ball
Tball advertised some
be for " ■
I
■
veil at
chlefly of the
■ beautifully
t time 1
■
grew slim.
...» ..„.  -
Then rame Cad Wilson, a popular fig
ire at one of thi vaudeville theaters, and
L dozen of her female companions. Their
(ntrance created a flurry among strictly
•p.speetable society women. Several of
:hem put on their wraps an<i departed]
Dthers went to the manager, who had
ruarantecd the hall to be conducted in a
Jioroughly respectable manner.
The manager, very loth, went to Miss
JVilsnn and represented the situation.
'"Did you noi personally Invite me to
:he ball and did I not consent to come
inly after repeated assurances that it
A-as your Ire?" demanded the per
rjrbed actress.
The uneasy manager admlttpd his fault,
laying: "But you see how it is; I — I,"
"Very well," retorted the Irate actress
Jatly; "you go up on that platform and
list announce to these people that I came
u-re on your rsonaJ invitation, and add,
:no, that you know I am a respectable
vnman."
"Oh, but, Cad, you wouldn't aek me to
In that: See the position it would place
ne in," protested the perspiring man
"Exactly," returned the. woman; "but
lee the Ition you have placed me In.
IVhen you do as I say, I'll go, and until
row do it I won't budge."
To Bettle the excitement the manager
*-as obliged to do as the actress asked.
He added: "I nsider Miss Wilson a
perfect lady, the very best of her class
n Dawson"— whatever that mearjt.
The actress then retired in dignity and
xiun., (
• • •
The Miner in Itr- next issue made, this in
rid^nt the subject of a long editorial, in
(vhi( ■!. It sympathizes With Miss Wilson
md reflected in queer terms upon all the
Jther women who were at t h>» ball.
Here is part of what it said:
It i.s probable that there is no
Other city of the same size on earth
that has so small a percentage of
what would be termed truly good
and resnectable women. That there
are good women here we all know.
That th^r^ is any considerable
number of such we all doubt. And
that of the very BmalJ number lior«
there are many such who attend
public balls, where it is weli under
stood that they may come in con
tact with the half world: so, after
subjecting themselves to almost
certain contact with those whom
thf»y would not receive as guests at
thfir homes, complain and demand
that ■ he floor i c cleared of all save
those whom they Imagine come up
to their standard. We do not be
iiere there are any. • • • Think
of It: A eelect dance as a monoj r '-v
making' scheme to
r>° attempted nnlv by
the pure and holy:
Cou! one set In a single nuad
rille bo filled if all of our elect
who answer the debtiription
should attend at once? We he
lieve it could be filled— but with
difficulty.
•• * '
This incident and editorial created quite
a fuss in and out of Dawson "society,"
and at least one man went to the editor
with the expressed Intention of doing him
harm in the belief, no doubt, that Borne
woman dear to him who, perhaps, had
been at the ball, was by the editorial be-
Bmirched. But the editor talked him out
of it.
• • •
bold a $50,000 Mir\e
for a Chromo
JAMES MORRISON, well known at
Juneau, is the owner of one of the
richesi claims on Hunker Creek— No.
"'> below. He has twenty-four men
a 1 work, eight or ten holes down,
and the smoke from his fires at night
envelop* 9 the creek valley for a mile.
He was offered $40,000 for the claim by
J. J. Healy last winter, declined and has
been carrying on development ever since,
and his dumps are probably worth now
more than $50,000. Among the workmen
on the claim is old Tom Young, the man
who staked it.
Morrison came to Dawson in 1897 with
the intention of starting a saloon, but
finding rents so high and whisky so scarce
he decided to tend bar and weigh gold
for another man Instead. On the wall of
the saloon hung a large picture of a
■wood nymph which Morrison had brought
with him.
Among the patrons of the bar was Tom
Young, and he took a great fancy to this
picture. Young had been shut up in this
country for ten years, and to him thi3
particular chromo was a revelation in art.
Tom was then married to or was living
with a squaw, their home being a dingy
little cabin across the Klondike In what
was then an Indian village. But he
wanted to take that picture home to his
cabin and his squaw, and In exchange for
it he offered Morrison the claim No. 3'J,
Hunker. •;''■' ;
Not much was known of Hunker at that
time. Although Discovery and some ad-
Joining claims away up had been turning
out rich dirt, few claims lower down had
been more than prospected. However,
Dick Low, the man who discovered the
•riches of Skookum's benches, had just at
that time paid $1000 for No. 40, and Mor
rison argued that If so wise or lucky a
man might risk so much money he (Mor
rison) could afford to chance so little as
a cheap chromo.
The trade of the picture for the- mine
was made and Tom carried the garish
thing away in great satisfaction, and Jim
went out to look at his purchase.
He let a couple of lays that samo year.
The layman found the pay streak. Jim
is now hiß own foreman and Tom, tho
■tSLftO tthfl fjwnj ti)i) picturft teiit l n-Tili r ig' f>;<*
THE SAN TBANOISCO CALI/, SXJNBAT, APRIL 16, 1898.
WJIIJviSICyUi JHIJNQS JH/IJ THERE,
poooooooooooooooo oo 0000000000000000000000000000000000
o 1. J^anic Created by a Vaudeville /Ictress Dropping ir\
o on a "Strictly Society" Ball.
o 2. The Difficult Burial of Jim J^lcGlarty.
o 3. Sold a $50,000 JMine for a Fifty-Gent Ckromo.
4. JKe Three Days' J"lilarious Labor of the First Piano
o ir\ Gamp and Other Whale-Oil Sidelights or\ Society "as
° Gonstrued " by JKlondike Mining LaWs. o 0000000000000000
By Sam W. Wai!.
wood and sharpening the axes at $1 an
hour.
Jim says Tom shall have a big share
at the clean-up, r.s there's sure to be
enough for all and the picture of the
nymph was hardly worth the gold mine.
• • •
Wear\] Trials of the
First Piar\o ir\ Gamp
THE new piano was brought up on
one of the very late boats, and ar
rived at Circle in good order about
the first week in September, bearing
on the box the address of the man
who kept the big saloon on the cor
ner of the front Btreet, in the same block
with the company stores.
Its adveni In camp crestted almost a hol
iday, and the ■ iloonman was ;it once sat
isfied thai he had made no mistake, costly
as his purchase probably was by the tlm»
it reached him. For three days from the
hour the thing was pui up on the pedestal
prepared for it and formally thrown open
with great eclat II did not again become
silent.
The saloon-keeper's wife hammered nt
It most, but everybody In the town took
his turn, struck the chords he loved the
Bang his collection of "comics and
lls," and gave place to the next
Impresario on the keys.
On the night of the third day the place
was filled with men of the rough miner
sort, gathered In groups about the piano,
tlic big Btove, the faro bank and along
the bar. A few women were in the crowd
near the pi;ino, which was doing its
noisiest. The group at the faro bank was
quiet and absorbed, that at the bar was
trying In drunken fashion to keep along
with the song, the smoke-blue, atmos
phere quivering under the influence of
Just tell them that you saw me and
they will know the rest;
Just tell them that I'm looking well,
you know.
In the middle of thesong the pianist was
pulled off the stool, and the next man In
the long line waiting to get a whack at
the piano was pushed toward it. Though
it was the night of the. third day this
stranger had not yet taken his turn, al
though he had been a constant and impa
tieni attendant. This night he had taken
B drink or two more than previously. He
!■ 11 on the stool with a sigh of satisfac
tion and a hiccough. The stranger seated
himself and struck the keys with both
hands. Suddenly Kis face changed, he
forgot the ribald crowd about him and
with only a few preliminary chords he be
gan tO sing "The Holy City."
By any single voice I have not heard It
done better— a round, smooth, strong, cer
tain voice, that sang the song as it was
Intended it should be sung, with dignity
and power. It seemed to me, before the
slowly opening gates of the New Jenila
lem.
The first verse was not finished before
the faro dealer had stopped the game at
the faro bank, the bartender lifted his
finger to the man who had called for a
drink as a sign that he must wait, the
£xuis- «/ jaw fOoasr fjhg b^r JisiA ih&in
glasses suspended, the smoke arose and
wound Itself Blowly Into a blue circle over
the heads of the hushed and attentive
though half-drunken crowd. The singer
remained wrapped in his song to its fin-
Ish, slurring- not one note nor hurrying
one Interval. The light from the dirty and
ill-smelling coal oil lamps that hung
against and begrimed the walls even when
the curtain of tobacco smoke had risen to
ward the rafters could to those at tha
farther end of the room scarcely reveal
the Ringer and his piano on the pedestal
as he repeated the closing lines of the
song.
For the space of say one whole note in
terval the spell continued after the song
was finished. Then the singer rose., step
ped down and became one of the crowd
again. Ffe was treated as a discovery.
They had not known he could, sing, or at
least that he could sing that way.
The delighted crowd dragged him to the
bar, of course, but all the. expressions of
appreciation were comparatively subdued
and respectful, and there was nothing at
all of the kind that followed the first ren
dering of "Isabella" and "The New
Bully." The crowd drank to him, and
then they clamored for him to sing again.
But he said he would not, and he did
not; he .had sung more than he intended
to sing, and neither would he repeat this
or sing anything else, and he joined the
drinkers around the bar while another de
lighted miner pounded gleefully on the
keys of the wearied piano and roared out
his sons, "Oh, Tellum That You Saw
Me."
• • •
"Jhe Uncertain Funeral
of Jim McGlarhj
WHEN making my tour of the
mines last March I stopped at
the cabin of James McClarty, a
hearty old whiskered Scotch
man, at No. 3 below Discovery
on Hunker Creek. Cabining with him were
two extra congenial mates as joint own
ers with him in the mine, Harry McDon
f Ifl JJjyJ gj^[l[ri Mc^j^rty bfi^ Jed,
Tom Young, an old miner
who had been shut in on the
Yukon for years, rjad a claim
staked on Hunkers Creek-
One day he Wandered into a
saloon where a bathing
nymph chroroo was tacked
to the wall, h« Was greatly
struck with the colors, and
as he had no money he
offered his claim for the
picture. Jiro Morrison, tl}e
bartender, was working for
Wages and he accepted the
offer. He has just refused
$50,000, and Young is now
working on the clam) for
him. he still has the chromo
arjd calls It his "$50,000
the hard miner's life for years from
choice, because of Its comparative Inde
pendence, but It had afforded him only
an existence heretofore. Now he had
struck It rich and modestly enough, as
we lay together on a convenient bunk that
0 0 a a 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 wa
n 3
Cj fj "strictly respectable ball of the season" was #
w organized on the Klondike, and all went sweetly q.
£ till shortly after midnight, when Cad Wilson and #
£ several actresses suddenly appeared. Part of the 0
£ "strictly respectable set" fled, and the others In- 0
8 dlgnantly demanded of the manager of the affair 0
0 that "those actresses must be removed." The per- 0
0 piexed and nervous roanager approached Cad Wll- 0
0 son and explained the situation. "Ain't I respect- 8
0 able?" demanded Miss Wilson. "Of course," &
" replied the abject manager, "but, but — " **
8 "Then get right up on that stage and tell the 5\
*•* audience so. I won't go till you do." ZS
£j And the perspiring manager had to do It. ff
5! Next day the Klondike was bitterly divided In «
S opinion over the "strictly respectable ball." #
000000000000000000000000000000 0
•rening watching hi? partners and a pair
of tho neighbors In a boisterous game of
pedro, expressed the confidence that this
etriko wrmld yield him all he needed.
I went my way up the creek next morn-
Ing, but was back at Dawson again in
June. McClarty had been taken with the
fpvor. died and was buried so long before
that those who loved him most could
smile while they told the story of it.
When he realized that he -would not get
■well ho made his •will, put everything in
shape and. the time arriving, quite con
tent, hade the boys? good-by. There re
mained his body in the grimy little cabin.
From up and down the creek those who
had known him, hearing of his death,
gathered about it in great sorrow. The
death occurred in the evening and the
next morning the partners and two of the
men, who had born almost as close to
"the old man." started away for town,
carrying the body for burial In the city
cemetery. They had first drossed it as
neatly as the old man's "war sack" ad
mitted and then sewed it up in a white
plore of tenting, which they let extend
out beyond the head and feet, the surplus
serving as handles by which they could
swing the weight between them over their
shoulders. Only two of them could carry
the burden at one time, for the trail was
narrow, following tho side hill through
the trees and underbrush.
Down the Klondike in the spring of the
year, just after the overflow, tho banks
along which the trail runs are wet and
muddy and the labor of traveling over it
increases. All that afternoon the four
men struggled down toward town over
the terrible trail, climbing up and down
the muddy banks, constantly shifting the
burden from the shoulders of one to the
other, and as often drawing help from
the bottle, until it became a helpless bot
tle. Then they threw it into the river and
stumbled on toward town.
It was evening when they arrived there
very tired and very thirsty. They turned
In at the first saloon, set their burden on
the floor and had a long drink of old
Scotch. This was very reviving and they
had another. There were four In the
party and each must buy the liquor M
very tired were they and so glad to be
near the end of their journey. Then they
picked up the long bag, the contents of
which none in the saloon suspected, and
went into th* street. At the very next door
stood the big sign of a liquor saloon and
very cheerily one of the party ordered
the others In. Here they called for five
glasses and, lifting from the floor the
long sack, now covered and soaked with
nuid and slime, stood it against the bar.
one of them crying, "Mac, old man, here"*
ten thousand blessings on your soul."
The sack slid along the bar to the floor,
and the four In an effort to save It stum
bled and fell with it. Slowly they climbed
to their feet one by one and then united
in lifting the heavy lump,
"It's the first time I ever knew you to
turn away from old Scotch, Mac," said
one, "but you're off your liquor now,
and it's not we that are blaming you."
Slowly and unsteadily they Bwung the
sack between them again and lumbered
out of the door, the weight swinging
with their uncertain steps, striking heav
ily against the door posts and causing
the passers-by to give them a wide way
to avoid contact with its mud and slime.
They turned naturally into the next sa
loon, and from it went Into the next and
the next, all down the Front-street line,
the handling of their Burden and the
treatment of their dead guest becoming
in each more free and reckless. Tha
ghastly jest soon attracted a following,
and a crowd surrounded the four and
their queer charge, and went with them
from saloon to saloon, buying drinks In
their turn to heighten the effects, until
at last a squad of policemen broka
through the party, who, glasses in hand,
were at the time dancing a cancan about
the dirty bag as it was made to sit In »
chair at a Btud poker table.
The police took charga of. tha bods
(which was .afterward properly and with
all solemnity buried), and having: been
advised of all the circumstances and the
close relationship between McClarty
when living and the dead, they merely
put tho quartet to bed.
1920
A ARTIFICIAL DAYLIGHT
AT LAST MADE BY TESLA.
J^likola Jes!a, the Famous Electrician.
I}\Z SAN J^JEO JHUJSJT.
(Continued from page 17.)
when they do it will be Inaugurated
with a hunt-ball, with all the glory of
the scarlet coats to make it memornble.
Put Just now their definite plans go no
further than the erection of kennels for
the pack and comfortable quarters. for
"Jerry " and his assistants.
At present the pack is kenneled at
Mr. Hobart'B "farm," as he calls it.
They are quartered In a low shed some
two hundred feel long, divided Into
three compartment?, each with Its
Foparate yard. There "Jerry" tends
thorn and keeps them in a condition
that justifies his pride in them. Each
one knows and answers to its name.
As he enters the yard they come bound
ine about him, but at his "Bench up,
ther<\ bench up:" they line up under
the shed and stay there watching him
attentively. One by one they come out
ami go bark as he calls them by name.
Napier, Chieftain, Graceful, Romulus,
Rival, and so through the sixty-odd
dotrs, down to little Ra.?s, the terrier.
This Raps Is an English wire-haired
foxlerrier, such as belongs In every
pack of bounds. His office and pleas
ure It is to be in at the finish and, if
Master Reynard seeks his hole, to go
down after him and worry him out. Of
course at San Mated they do not chase
a real fox, but only an aniseed bag—
or rather the trail of scent left by
dragging a sponge saturated with a
mixture nf valerian and castor oil. But
little Rajrs does not know that, and
every Saturday he Btarts bravely out,
Standing Armies of the World
Th© Czar's proposal to check the In
crease of armaments will probably die as
a mere pious intention. It was not with
out a subflavor of Irony, proceeding as it
did from a monarch who not only has
by far the largest army in the world, but
who was also busy increasing his navy
■when he made h's famous proposal.
Rut, though It Is hard to believe that
th<» millennium Ib to bo brougn. about by
n. Czar or that the reign of universal peace
will be founded by the master of the larg
est number of legions on earth, we are all
bound to recognize the fact that the Eu
ropean nations spend a terrible proportion
of their energies and their resources in
preparations for war. Though it may be
a.n exaggeration to say that Europe ia one
vast camn. there are something like four
millions of Its male Inhabitants constantly
under arms as soldiers or sailors even In
time of peace, and when It Is borne In
mind that all these have to be maintained
In non-productive work and supplied with
the mest costly appliances, some Idea may
be formed of the gigantic waste. The fol
lowing tables, compiled by St. Paul's, will
enable one to compare the armaments of
the leading nations:
Army Army
Country— Population, In Peace, in War.
Ruosla ttf.lM,sM kGO.OOO 3.&03.000
Unlti"! States 52.622.250 25.C00 140,627
Germany 62,279.915 ER5,4(0 3,00ft,000
Au-tr!a-Huni?«JT • 41.231.342 185,697 1.R27.17S
France 3K. 517.975 615.413 2,r,00.(;00
Great Hritaln '■'■". 1"»,'.'75 163.C69 526.220
Italy 31.114.559 2J1.856 1,2fa,30S
A still more convincing method of esti
mating the burden of military service in
the various countries will be found in the
following table:
No. of In- No. of Sol
habitants to dlers to 1000
Each Soldier. Inhabitants.
In In In In
Country— Peare. War. P«>ace. War.
France 63 15 16 65
Germany 89 1" 11 67
Austria-Hungary . 115 22 '•' 44
Italy US 21 7 41
Russia 150 27 7 27
Great Britain U3 7J * 1*
Knlted BUte* 2433 445 *4 2
These figures are appalling for the Con
tinental nations, especially for France
and Germany, both of which, suffer ter
ribly In consequence of the memories of
1870-71. The late Lord Randolph Church
-11l once put the cost of this blood tax
forcibly:
"Out of the life of every German, every
p- r^r">nian, every Italian, every Austrian
sure that this time at last he will find
Mr. Fox and hale him forth to his
well-merited fate.
"The Fortune of War "
A very plain, apt and excellent illustra
tion of the popular expression, "The for
■ f war." la the slngiilar fact that Ma
jor General Leonard Wood, the present
military Governor of Santiago province,
is now in command of his former com
manding officer.
This strange state of affairs is explained
thus wise:
• a little more than two years ago
; General Wood was surgeon of the Fifth
ilar Infantryi with the rank of cap
. tain, and after he had left the service to
practice medicine In civil life at Washing
ton lie was remembered fondly by the en
tire regiment as an officer who was fond
j of athletics, especially football and wrest
: ling.
At the opening of the late war he was
appointed colonel of the Rough Riders,
and for gallant and efficient services ren
dered he earned his present tank and ap
pointment.
During the entire war the Fifth was the '
only regular, Infantry regiment that did I
not have a chance to see service, but after
the protocol had been signed and the
fighting troops were being sent home the
Fifth was detailed to do guard duty at
Santiago under General Wood.
So It now happens that General Wood's
old colonel is under his command, as are
also other officers who used to rank him
when he was only a captain. ,
That is the way the world moves up and
down.
V rily, there is much truth in the saying
that "He v.ho takes your orders to-day
may be your commander to-morrow."
and every Russian the respective govern
ments nf those countries take three years
fur c mpulsory military service."
At Tuna, a few miles below Bradford,
Pa, is a well that has been drilling for
seventeen years. It Is owned by an ec
centric individual by the name of Mike
Miller and has already cost a small for
tune.
Miller is in reality a farmer, but a
large part of his time j^ occupied in
scraping together a few more dollars to
punch his "oil well" deeper into the
bowels of the earth. During these many
yems he has spent all his earnings in
drilling this deep well with the Idea of
somewhere in the hidden depths discover
ing a' lake of the oleaginous fluid which
will make him suddenly and independent
ly w< alth.
So much has been said of Miller's wild
venture that of late yoarw he has been
the subject of more or less public ridi
cule, and the subject of Mr. Miller's well
is not at all a pleasant one to Mrs. Mil
ler. In fact, Mrs. Miller has seen bo
many hard-earned dollars sink out of
sight, as it w< re. that mention of the well
is a sore subject,
The farmer's well is now down about
3400 feet, and drilling Is still going on.
Most of the work has been done by Mil
ler himself, assisted by a hired man. Re
cently he disposed of a part of his farm
for oil purposes and the money thus ac
quired explains the resumption of opera
tions. The well is now In a black sand
and has a showing of oil. which Is of
a very peculiar color, almost a purple.
It is understood that Miller has decided
to drill a little further, and, after shoot
ing the well, put it to pumping. If it
proves n paying producer It has been
thai ii:e peculiar formation be
. thi Miller sand.
What makes Miller more determined
than over to go on with his boring un
til he striker; oil Is the fact that only
recently Dr. E. A. Van Scoy has com
pleted a well that started off at the rate
of twenty-five barrels a day. This so
encouraged the farmer that directly he
heard of the doctor's find he rushed off
and obtained a mortgage on hia farm.
Since that time pumping operations have
been In progress day and night and lit
tle ia the time that Miller has since de
voted to slumber
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1899.
Special to Thp Sunday Call.
THE promise made by Nikola Tesla to the world some
two years ago that he would soon give it a means
of lighting its homes, its offices and its streets at
night time by "artificial daylight" has been fulfilled.
The invention has been entirely completed for
several weeks. A day or two ago the authoritative an-
rouncement was made that contracts have already been
signed with several New York business houses to equip
their business places with the new light at once. The
promoters of the company which Is pushing the new in
vention are so certain of its great practical utility that
they predict that it must soon supplant the arc lamp.
"Vacuum tube lighting by high frequency currents" is
■what Tesla himself calls it. The name, though clumsy.
Is sufficiently descriptive. The essential parts are a va
cuum tube, and a special current of high frequency, pro
duced by a special dynamo, of Tes'.a's invention. The
tubes," Mr. Tesla explains, "have had all the air pumped
out, but, of course, are full of ether. The passage of this
special current sets the other in motion, lorming light
waves. The light differs frem arc Illumination in that it
has no particular center. The whole tube glows and sheds
a radiance like daylight all around."
The tubes, of course, are sealed tight at both end;:. A
wire is made fast to one end. but there !s no wire inside.
The tubes at present in use are about a foot long. For
spe< lai purposes, such as studio illumination, street light
int,' and so <>n. they can be made any size up to a yard.
The glory and the beauty of them is that their light
goes all over the place to be illumined — is as strong in
the corners of a room as directly under the. tube. Hence
the truth of its name, artificial daylight. A hinted tube
in a room has exactly the effect of daylight flooding the
windows. Notwithstanding the tube itself is not trying
to the eyes. You may look steadily at it, with no evil
effects whatever.
In I :■ 9 "P.i lighting 97 per cent of the electric cur
rent go.-s to making the filament hot. leaving but 3 per
ALCOHOL
TO BE THE
NATIONALIGHT
OF FRANCE.
PARIS. April 10.— Alcohol is about
to supersede petroleum, not only iA
France, but in all Europe. It is
not only to supersede petroleum,
but it promises to take the place
of coal itself.
Houses are to be heated by n'cohol and
engines are to be driven by alcohol. As
fur alcohol lighting it is already an ac
complished fact. The Emperor of Ger
many has had the palace at Potsdam and
the Tb.lergar.ten at Berlin supplied with
incandescent alcohol Inmps, while thp new
French President, Loubet, Is lighting up
the court' aid of the Ely see with these
same extraordinary novelties of the hour.
Both the agricultural and industrial
worlds are In excitement. Chambers of
Commerce and Farmers' clubs are hear
ing lectures on the new discoveries.
Never, perhaps, has such important fis
cal legislation been accomplished in both
France and Germany In so short a time
taking off the last tax and obstruction
as that — almost accomplished — which
is taking oft the last tax and obstruction
from the free manufacture and sale of
Industrial or denaturlzed alcohols. The
distiller Is at last to work for the good of
humanity. His friend, the farmer, is at
last to get a share of the good things of
progress.
The significance of this new movement
to the world at large is concealed, so to
speak, in the peculiar legislation which
is everywhere applied to alcohol. All the
discoveries and inventions imaginable
must He helpless until the iron heel of
the internal revenue tax is removed from
this peculiar product. Alcohol is not dear
in itself. M. G. Araeheouesne, secretary
general of the new Association pour
I'Kmploi Industrie! de l'Alcool — the great
league of distillers which in France is
engineering the affair— has just been tell
ing me that a few years ago in Cuba he
made alcohol out of refuse molasses at
an expense of less than 9 francs the 100
liters. As a liter Is considerably more
than a quart, this would amount to G'i
cents a gallon. It was only done as an
experiment, partly to find out what to do
with the waste molasses. The alcohol
rould not be exported in sufficient quan
tities to other countries because of the
taxes. "It is the same in Louisiana," said
M. Arachequesne, "where the refuse mo
lasses Is dumped into the sea. And you
can imagine something of the condition
of France and Germany— two countries
which have no petroleum of th^ir own
by casting a glance at the dilemma of
the beet sugar agriculturists of Cali
fornia, Nebraska and Utah, forced to
hum their waste molasses, at an actual
expense. There is no other way to get
rid of a superfluity, which cannot be sim
ply thrown away for fear of creating a
nuisance. In all those States," continued
M. Arachequesne, "where they have
tried beet sugar raising, successfully or
unsuccessfully, California, Kansas. Min
nesota, Nebraska, Utah, Colorado and
Virginia, it is a hardship to the farmer
that he is not allowed to distill industrial
alcohol from this waste material. But if
this is a hardship, how much greater, In
view of these new inventions and discov
eries, must be the lot of the American
farmer with millions of bushels of Indian
Tube Holding T^sia NeW Artificial Lig\t
cent for illumination. And this brings us to a second long
advantage of the vacuum tube. It never grows hot. You
may touch the glass an hour after the light is turned on
and find it as cool as when first lighted. An electric bulb
in like case is hot enough to scorch, not to mention giving
headaches to the luckless mortals who happen to Bit di
rectly underneath or beside it.
The tubes can be attached to the electric light fixtures
In common use, but cannot be illumined by the ordinary
current. Or rathpr they can be made to glow with it, but
the process is too costly. That was one thing that made
the wise men doubtful in the beginning. A few of them
thought Tesia might probably perfect his light process,
but were firm in the belief that it would remain too costly
for commercial use.
Tesla's new dynamo has changed all that. Contracts
now signed insure that several important structures in
New York city will be < quipped with the new light.
There can bo no doubt that it will rapidly supplant
other methods of illumination as soon as moneyed men
build ard operate high frequency current stations. The
first cost of wires, tubes, etc., is about the same as for
incandescent lighting, hut the tubes have the very great
virtue of not burning; out after the manner of incandescent
globes or carbon pencils, hence the cost of operation will
be very much less.
When it comes to use there is simply no comparison
Possible. It is just the same as having a day twenty-four
hours lon'i. Everywhere, for every purpose, artificial day
light equals th • I* al thing.
Witness this picture of the inventor's hand. The pho
tograph for it nas made at midnight, in his laboratory,
with B two-v?cotd exposure. It was not only taken, but
printed by the artificial daylight, yet it will be seen that
it shows clearly the line* of the palm and the texture of
cuff and Bleeve.
Nothing remains r-nw but to equip the world with
pronei wires, dynamos, r>nd so on. Men with money know
a good thing when they see it, ever without artificial
daylight, so it is very Hkery th:it in a matter of twelve
months there will l> ■ practically no night in any con
siderable city of the world.
CHAI'NCEY MONTGOMERY McGOVERN.
corn that he often I'm. ls impossible to
sell?" The conclusion Of this expert is
that sooner or later the United States
must fn 11 in line with the new European
legislation.
France, a country utterly without petro
leura and Importing coal enormously, sees
nothing less than her agricultural salva
tion in the new use of alcohol. For years
they have been seeking in vain for the
"national light" and the "national fuel."
For years, on the other hand, the farm
ers have been struggling sullenly against
the internal revenue laws. From beet
root, from potatoes and f rr m divers other
products they have sought to gain a profit
which they think ought to lie theirs. All
France may be compared to a great
moonshine whisky district, watched at
immense expense, whore frauds and un
derstandings t«ke the place of violent re
sistance of authority. The French farmer
knows all about alcohol. He wants to be
his own distiller, lie wants to make a
double profit on his products, to have
winter work for his sons, his daughters
and his hired help. For long years the
result has been a gradual letting down
of barriers against alcoholic drinks in
France, until to-day In Paris you can
have a satisfying slug of absinthe for 2
cents.
Naturally the secretary general of
the Association Pour l'Emplol In
dustriel de l'Alcool is proud of
his mission. To at once satisfy
the farmers and the distillers and give to
France her long-sought national light and
fuel— all in removing a great stumbling
block of morality and hygiene— ls a task
to be proud of. "Let Frenchmen make
alcohol as they never made It before." M.
Arachequesne has cried to the breathless
ly interested Chamber of Deputies; "let
France distill a hundred liters where she
distills one to-day— but not to drink. The
time has come. France will have alcohol
to burn."
One of the chief factors In the new use
of alcohol— and there are many— will un
doubtedly turn out to be the carburant of
M. Dusart. In saying this I am not quot
ing M. Arachequesne. who In hie delicate
official capacity Is not likely to favor one
invention over another. As everybody
knows, alcohol when burning disengages
heat rather than light.
It burns a dull blue. The carburant ia
nothing less than a substance which,
when mixed with it, Induces alcohol to
give out a light of great Intensity and
beauty. At the same time it has the
precious quality of obviating every dan
ger of explosion. It Is this latter virtue
that is to make carburated alcohol a safe,
odorless, clean, economical and energetic
fuel and motive power substance. What
the Dusart carburant is nobody knows.
M. Dusart Is at present keeping the se
cret. All that can be said at present Is
that when the carburant is added to the
ordinary industrial or methylated alcohol
It changes Its color, which in France is
green, to a dark yellow. A light sediment
is rapidly precipitated, leaving a limpid
yellow mixture that is easily decanted.
This sediment is Imagined at present to
be nothing more than a disengaging of
the artificial coloring matter w/hich the
French law decrees for all industrial al
cohols. The carburant, unhappily, does
not remove the disgusting odor which the
present excise regulations also prescribe.
This, however, is a minor matter, as
methylene, to which the infect smell is
due, has now but a short course to run as
a "denaturlzer."
Tt is claimed for Dusart's carburant
that it is :\'i per cent cheaper than alcohol
itself. In this case carburated alcohol
will always be cheaper than other. While
then is none of this compound substance
as yet nn the market, it is promised to be
retailed within a month at .15 centimes the
litfr. in Paris itself, a trille less than 11
cents the quart. In Paris headlight oil
(petrole de luxe), a rather inferior prod
uct, not properly refined, retails at 12
cents and 14 c<nts the quart.
The Dusart lamps resemble ordinary
petroleum lamps, with wicks uiul chim
neys. The carbureted alcohol does not
burn by generating gas and there is no
danger of explosion. Were it not for the
softness and brilliancy of the light you
might imagine you wore burning bead
light oil. There is no sweating, no smoke
or odor either during or after combus
tion, and the lighting is Instantaneous.
The wicks never burn, so they need no
trimming. I was present at some of M.
Arachequesne's experiments with the pho
tometre, when exact comparisons were
made between petroleum and Dusart
lamps of equal power. With a slender
student lamp chimney the Dusart lamp
gave a light of LO3 carcel at an expense
of 65 grammes of carburated alcohol per
hour, and with a chimney bellied around
the flame a light of L 32 carcel at an ex
pense of SI grammes. The petroleum lamp,
fed with the most expensive head-light
oil, gave a light of 1.26 carcel at an ex
pense of 56 grammes of petroleum per
hour. After making all corrections of
density the results appear to be about
equal.
The experiment was nevertheless held
to be unsatisfactory, in spite of the su
perior softness and beauty of the alcohol
lamp's light and its advantages of clean
liness. With 95 degrees alcohol, which
gives the Denayrouze incandescent lamps
an extra economy of 25 per cent, the bril
liance of the Dusart light would have
been that much augmented. Unfortunate
ly the French excise regulations do not
yet permit the use of 95 degrees alcohol.
A new "de-naturante" also, something
else than methylene, or woodspirits, will
also have to be permitted, both for the
sake of economy and lighting power. The
methvlene now mixed with alcohol. In or
der to prevent it being "revitalized" and
rectified for drinking, is a great hindrance
to the Dusart lamps, as is also the water
used to bring all French Industrial alco
hols down to 90 degrees. These are some
of the last legislative and administrative
barriers that are now being broken down
In France. The Germans, it is said, are
far in advance. They have their own
carburant and lamps similar to those of
the Dusart system. Burning alcohol is
now retailed in Berlin at 7 cents per
quart, and carburated alcohol at W de
grees will soon be retailed at 6 cents per
quart. I'ndoubtedly the domestic petro
leum lamp is seeing Its last days in Eu-
rope.
In Paris by far the greatest sensation
lias b^pn made by the Incandescent De
nayrouze lamps, with which Rf. Loubet Is
now lighting up the courtyard of the
Elysee. It ia the incandescent system
that is also used at Potsdam and in the
Berlin Thiergarten.
STERLING HEILIQ
This photograph was taken btf.hlmself v.-ith the new artificial dayliglit
after two seconds' exposure.
READING OF THE HAND.
_ _ >ITH a hand so liberally endowed with all the essential qualities, Tesla
111 fOUlr ' not ue l ess tban -famous. His phenomenally strong fate line would
111 give promise of an exceptional career— one where the Inventor not only
VAy wins honors, but can make a financial success of his undertakings.
His hand embodies all the salient points of the conic or artistic type,
with the scientific or Inventive, as Indicated by the breadth at the base of the
hand and the well-defined lines on the Mount of Mercury. His tapering fingers
lend artistic beauty to his inventive genius. His long third finger gives him
enough of a speculative spirit to enable him to "launch out into the deep" and
grasp the slightest straw which might develop Into something tangible. Yet
his head line, keeping a normal course and following his life line so closely,
would indicate his caution and his disposition to submit all things to reason.
His head lino, rising slightly under the Mount of the Sun, would point more
clearly to great fame and, with the added triangle upon the line, to great distinc
tion and public honors, ills head line, not drooping to the Mount of the Moon,
would preserve him from the defect of most inventive geniuses— he would not be
come visionary. Everything must bn practical to appeal to him. This Is also
borne out in his continuous Girdle of Venus, which gives inspiration and enthu
siasm. He is capable of rising to the greatest pitch of enthusiasm, yet the square
palm and level head line would never allow him to become a dreairwr. He has,
to be sure, a high appreciation of the fine arts; but after all It Is the natural he
desires and will have. He has enough commercial ability to protect his own In
terests.
He is changeable in moods, quick to take offense, and has a tendency to
lapse into periods of gloom, because of his tendency to plan far beyond his
power to execute.
While he is developing or materializing one invention he is planning and ar
ranging in his mind something entirely different from the work on hand. And
yet he has the ability to keep all in order and never allows one plan to inter
fort- with another. He has great powers of concentration and the long second
phalanx of the thumb would cause him to submit all to a careful analysis and ar
rive at n logical conclusion before acting upon a matter of importance. He has
a forceful, energetic temperament, possessing all of the desirable qualities of an
artistic nature with scientific and commercial ability.
Vie has a Latin thumb, which endows him with intellect and refinement. In
the attainment of a desire or the carrying out of a plan he would use the ptregth
of Intellectual will as opposed to that of brute force. Yet he is a man who would
brook no opposition and would be inclined to be aggressive when an important
matter was under consideration. It would not be easy to manage or control such
a nature. He is generous and frank with those who win his confidence. He is
adaptable to places and people and really prefers a bohemian existence, as shown
by the position of the fourth finger. He has great diplomacy and tact In his
management of people, using quiet but determined methods. He is one whoso
nature is so highly organized that he cannot endure discord of any kind. He
would sacrifice a good deal for peace and the lines show plainly that his life baa
not been on-? uninterrupted harmonious existence. In his early career he met with
somo opposition; the influence of relatives played quite a part In his early lifo.
One influence especially (as indicated by the downward branch of the heart lino)
caused his sorrow.
Tesla is a man of deep affection, loving more from the Imagination than
from the senses, and one who has been disappointed by his idol falling far short
of his estimate. He has the highest type of affection, the pride and worship of
the heart's ideal, and an equal ambition that the woman of his choice shall be
great, noble and sincere.
He has great determination, perseverance, patience and keen perception. He
will start upon a new lino of work at 45 and Invent something which will startle
the entire world. It will be five years before it will be fully matured, owing to a
period of illness, which for a time will interfere with his progress. The illness
will be in the form of nervous exhaustion, as shown by the' large downward
branch from the line of life. He will recover, however, and win his choicest
laurels after that, as shown by the fate line doubling itself. From that time
on he will have great wealth and the highest honors conferred upon him
He will end his life far from his native country.
Broke the Bank at Monte Carlo
LONDON, April 7.— Charles Hills
Wells, "the man who hroke the
bank at Monte Carlo," one of the
most accomplished swindlers in the
world, was released from Portland
Convict Prison ln England last
week. He was sentenced in 1593 to seven
years' penal servitude for obtaining $150,
--000 on false pretenses.
Eight years ago the whole world was
talking and singing songs about the luck
of "The Man Who Broke the Bank of
Monte Carlo."
Wells' phenomenal winning began in
IR9I. In July of that year he is said to
have won $160,000, and in the following
November $140,000 more. On one night in
November he broke the bank live times
and won $50,000. Casino frequenters gave
him the name of "Bonne-Chance" Wells.
"Good Luck" Wells that means.
Wells claimed to have an Infallible sys
tem. To operate with it a capital of $30.
--000 was required. Its chief point was to
catch "runs" or "series" and then bet the
minimum stakes of 5000 francs, or the
maximum stakes of ]2,000 francs. With
luck against him he bet the minimum
stakes. In following this system on one
occasion he took all the 100 and all the 1000
franc bank notes supplied to the trente et
quarante table, and the croupiers had to
pay one deal in small notes and go-Id
pieces until the cashier had brought an
other $20,000 to the table.
He insured himself against the bank's
odd chance or "refalt" 1 by setting aside a
special fund of 1 per cent on his stakes.
This cost him JoOOO a day.
Wells lived in London, and every day
he sent his winnings to his IVndon bank
ers. Whenever he encountered a period
of ill luck he went home to England for a
season.
At play he was quick and cnol. Win
ning or losing, lie never lost his head.
At the height of his success he bought
a yacht of 2000 tons— the Palais Royal—
and fitted it out most luxuriously. Its ap
pointments were superb. Four head
stewards attended to the comforts of the
gambler's guests.
All the time that Wells was winning at
play he was engaged in gigantic swind
ling operations. Finally Labouchere of
Jcsla's Har.d.
By Neergaard.
London Truth exposed him. When h»
was examined in the Bow street Court h's
total Pt^alinps were estimated at JISO.OOO.
This included $90,000 from Miss Mary
Phillmore of London, and $45,000 from
the Hon. "U'illiam French of Ireland.
His method was simple. He represent
ed that he had taken out valuable patents
and invited Investors to assist him in de
veloping them. On his trial it was shown
that for years he had been taking out
provisional protections on all kinds of
absurd Inventions. Floating anchors,
sunshades, fog horns and hot air motors
for obtaining power from thr- heat con
tained in waste steam were some of his
alleged patents.
He was so plausible in his methods and
promises that his victims were many.
When his swindling was discovered h*
fled on his yacht, intending to land at
Portugal. On his way he stopped at
Havre to sell 300 tons of surplus coal. He
was arrested there, returned to England,
convicted and sentenced to the term of
imprisonment which he has just con
cluded.
There are fewer marriages in propor
tion to population than formerly fami
lies are smaller; they are less coherent
they are less lasting. i n England the
marriage rate fell from 17.2 per cent in
1851 to 15.2 per cent in ISSI. and from 1573
to ISSS the ages of men and women
married rose respectively from 25 6 -md
24.2 to 26.3 and 24.7. The rise the num
ber of divorces, IS6O-S5, was universal. In
S7l ,n^ n f and nd Wales show one divorce
to 1020.4 marriages; in 1579. one in 480.53.
From 1867 to ISS6 divorces i n the United
States increased 157 per cent, while the
population increased 60 per cent
One of the causes of change' Is the
whole modern movement of liberation
of subjects from sovereigns, slaves from
masters, wives from husbands and chil
dren from parents. Another is the disap
pearance of the ecclesiastical view of
marriage.
A more special cause has been the
growth of large cities, which completeiy
alter the environment of the organism
e! \vJ"T COme less dependent on women
for their home needs, and women have
resources and interests which the simpl«
life of the country denies them.— JournalSpecial to the Sunday Call.
TTT ASHrNGTON. April 13.-There
\ l\ I ha "° never bren a time when
V/ 1 / Inanufactu April ghos.s cx
has never been a time when
the manufacture of ghos.s \-
W 1/ cited such widespread interest
1 I a* at present. New styles of
apparitions are constantly be
ing patented, and some of the methods
adopted for turning them out are as in
genlcus as they are elaborate. For in
th( se iU;. s phantoms have come to be
regarded as tural phenomena, prodjei
ble by optical and mechanical means;
V'vhey have lost caste, save with the supor
.fjtious few, as manifestations of the
supernatural.
In this direction many amateur pho
tographers have been making a variety
of experiments, some of which have
brought very striking results. Bui the
simplest and on* of the most effective
ways of introducting a ghost into a pho
tograph is to draw the phani • in out
line on a sheet of ordinar> notepaper, out
It oul silhouette fashion and put it In the
printing-frame with the negative. Hav
ing first made a suitable • graphic
negative, the ■paper Bllhouette may
thus bo superposed on any desired part
of it, and the final print will show the
UNCLE SAM IS STUDYING EXPANSION.
UNCLE SAM has just completed
an Interesting investigation Into
the expansion business of every
colony-holding nation of the
world. He h.-is discovered that
[upon Mother Earth's great cran
im her bump of expansion is located
)lely within the north temperate zone,
In •whirh we proudly flourish.
All nations ■ Iding colonies in this belt
ith us. and three-fourths of their colon
ial subjects dwell, Ith the Filipinos, the
übans and the Porto Ricans, within the
•rrld zone. In other words destiny
seems to demand that tropical colonies
inuld look to the climatic belt north of
icra for government.
Nations find that no two of their
.ionics deserve exactly the same treat
ent. There are one hundred and twent
y-six colonies In the ■ irld and quite as
many distinct forms of colonial govern
ment.
England's Colonial Policy.
It i.s Interesting to note the extent to
which the same mother country will trust
or.c colony with its own government and
the little influence it will grant another
In making and administering laws for
Itself. Tropical colonies appear, as a
rule, to have little to do with their own
legislation. All colonies, of course, are
beneath the veto power of their sov
ereigns. Although we are not likely to
Imitate European theories of colonization,
It is to our interest to note how races
similar to those who lately became Amer
ica subjects appear to rank In the rela
tive estimations of parent countries.
The l>yak?. Malaya. Negritos, Biigis and
Chinese of British North Borneo, imme
diate southern neighbors of the Pilipinos,
nre allowed no hand In their own rule.
The English Governor holds full sway
and Is aided by a court of directors in
London, a machine gun, a mountain gun
(and 350 armed natives under English offl
cers*.
Ghlnese and Malays form the bulk of
the half million of people in the neigh
boring British Straits Settlements, on the
west coast of the Malay peninsula, and
Including Singapore, Penang. Wellesley
and Malacca. Of these not only the Gov
ernor and his Cabinet, but the Colonial
Legislature, with the exception of two
members, arc appointed by Queen Vie-
X; rls The garrison consists of one bat
' t; Uon of Infantry, two of European artil-
Ury and a company of interesting Malay
<I!v<-r5 with extraordinary ability to re
main U»n« under water, trained to plant
■ r with obj< cts seen through fl
weirdly, as if it were translucent. In
This manner the "spook" may be made
anything that is wanted of it. and
ect is product ;l by a lady
•1 the knee <> f :-. reveler,
who is unconscious of her rn:
nmst "natura!" looking gti'jst pro
••• by the photographic method,
however, is a little more trouble. But
It is worth it. and all things C<
errd thi proc< ss is very simple.
Briefly, the trick is accomplished by a
double exposure. The two figures are
■1 in the attitudes desired ;.:id an tx
about one-fifth the time re-
Huir*.'l i" produce a perfect plate is tt -
given. The ■■ghost" now walks out of the
and the other figure remains un
ther four-fifths of the ex
posure time is then given. The result Is
n< figure shows very dimly, as a
haze over the- background, and the other
submarine mines in the Straits of Malacca
in case of conflict with any foreign power.
The Singhalese, Kandyans, Tamils.
Moormen and Veddahs, constituting the
greater part of the three and a third mll
lloi 8 of British colonists in the island of
Ceylon, further west, In the Indian Ocean,
fprc better.
Chinese, Filipinos, East Indians and
;> dally Chinese, together with
(1 few Europeans and Americans, com
pose the quarter of a million residents of
Hongkong. England's little island terri
tory of twenty-nine square miles, ceded
to her by China In IMI. The home rov
ernment appoints the Governor of Hong
kong and controls both He executive and
legislative councils.
ir.g the soutliern boundary of the
torrid zone, and, therefore. Into the south
temperate, we come to the only British
colony «'f either Asia or Africa trusted
with a responsible government. This, of
course, is due to white men's influence,
but in the island colony of Cyprus, off
the coast of Asia Minor and in the north
temperate zone, we find the only Asiatic
colony of England which is permitted to
have even representative institutions. The
British High Commissioner of Cyprus is.
of course, appointed by the Queen. Hng
llsh officials are appointed to six of the
eighteen seats of the Legislature. Chris
tian residents are elated t0 nine and
Mohammedan residents to the remaining
three.
In other words, there are three legisla
tive districts upon the island, earh of
which can elect three Christian lawmak
ers, but onl> one Mohammedan. Bach
court of law Is presided over by an Eng
lish barrister, assisted by tw.o native
Judges one of these a Christian and the
other a Mohammedan. This classic isle,
believed by the Greeks to be the blrth
place and favorite abode of Aphrodite,
and once a home of the Phoenicians, fell
to England through the fingers of at
ten powers, including Rome and,
last, Turkey.
In the West Indies.
. England generally grants higher prlvi
-1« ges of government to her tropical col
onies near our West Indian possessions
than fihe does to those of tropical Asia
or Africa. But none of those near us
are allowed responsible governments.
Ti.« Bahamas, Bnrbadoes, Leeward Isl
ands, Windward Islands and British Gu
lana are allowed representative Institu
tlons, over which the Queen has only a
veto upon legislation, but the home gov
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STTNT>AT, APRIL 16, 1899.
Picture Made by Double
Exposu-e of the
lifrure appears natural.
For many years this process was a>rfck
used by spiritualistic frauds to deceive
ppnp]p.
There Is a case on record of a "splril"
phi tographer who Borne years aso in
duced a wealthy old lady to come into his
parlor nnd have her picture taken. He
posed her leaning over the back of a
<-!<r> : -. pave his plate the onr-iifth ex
posure and stored ,i away, properly la
bfled. In this case the elaborate old
armchair was tightly bolted to the floor
and the camera waa also stationary for
just such work.
Some months later the old lady who
had boon photographed died and left all
her money to hrr only daughter. This
young woman was now sought out by the
spirit photographer and told 'hat she
could be photographed alons; with the
shade of her departed mother If she
would be willing to pay vie large sum
necessary for work requiring puch ar
duous nerve concentration.
A bargain waa made and the young
woman was seated in the same chair that
her mother had leaned over some months
previously. The plate was now given the
r< luired four-tifths exposure and devel
oped.
The young woman who had been pho
tographed could hardly believe her eyes
when she saw the picture. There she
was. as plain as day. and there was the
ghostly form of her mother bending over
her. There was no doubt in her mind that
she had been In the presence of her de
parted mother's spirit.
ernment retains control over public nffi
cials. In British Honduras, Jamaica,
Trinidad and the Falkland Islands the
home government controls all the mak
incr of laws and the public officers who
administer Ihi tp..
Although we. were not sending John
FiuM very edifying valentines about his
c ilonial system a <■< ntury ago, he never-.
theless has developed into the most gen
erous of the world's] colonizers. He gives
his colonial subjects more fingers In their
own government, when he thinks lie can
trust them, than any power on earth.
Moreover, it is of particular joy to us,
in view of all this Anglo-Saxon bouquet
flltiKlnp. that the old block from which
we chipped ourselves has been able,
when willing, to expand until it includes
half of all the colonial territory of the
world and more than half of Its colonial
population.
After the British the French are the
greatest expansionists, having thirty-two
colonies, which, however, represent an
area only a third as great as the colonial
ares of England. Following the French
example, Tnele Sam would allow his new
possessions little or no law-making by
local bodies, but would permit them to
send Senators and Representatives In
Congress, or remain under governors,
without legislative bodies, the governors
PRANKS OF PEOPLE IN LIONS' DENSSi
Thp lion of the desert at home leads a
tolerably happy life; he is duly respected
fit the king of beasts. But the exhibition
lion in his iron-barred cage is the laugh
ing stock of children, and the prey of 90
prr cent of the world's notoriety hunters,
who seek to advertise themselves at the
cost of his dignity by venturing Into arm's
length of him and performing some feat
or other.
Of marriages In lions' dens we have had
not a few during recent ypam. A man
named Bishop was married in a den of six
full-grown lions to an indiscreetly plucky
young lady answering to the name of Pau
line Devere, at St. Louis, a short time
ago; and a similar marriage took place
before a thrilled circus audience tn the
Transvaal still more recently, while a
marriage was mnde in a lions' den In
England a few weeks back, and others
ha\e occurred in various parts of the
continent. Indeed, marriages In lions'
dens 'nave become such common events
that any detailed record of them would
MAKING
UP TO
GHOSTS.
Qhost Picture Made bvj lr\sertir\g a Sheet of White faptr on
the Negative.
receiving instructions from Washington.
One Senator and one Deputy are al
lowed to represent French Indo-China in
the Chambers at I'aris. which correspond
to our houses of Congress. Cochin-China,
populated by Annamlti -. ( ambodians,
Chinese, Malays and Malabarians, is en
titled, however, to but one •representa
tive, a Deputy. Tonquin.'the adjacent
French colony, is rut represented, the
government being administered by resi
dent French officials. The African col
onies ar<- administered by the MinlsTer of
the Colonies through Governors or i'nm
missioriers General. Algeria, however, on
the north coast, fs piven a distinct gov
ernment and laws and is looked upon as
a pan of the republic, the ("liamb'Ts
alom having the right to legislate it.
Crossing to the Wesl tndles, Prance al
lows Martinique and Guadeloupe each one
Senator and two Deputies. French Gu
iana, however, is considered tn be worth
only one representative, a Deputy.
Germany and Holland.
Tn Germany's colonies, TogOland and
Cameroons, Africa, the Governors are as
sisted by councils of representative mer
chants. The Netherlands allows Its col
onists of Dutch Guiana. to elect delegates,
by districts, to a colonial legislature. In
the Dutch Curacao group chiefs of the
various islands aid in administering the
laws; but in the Dutch East Indies— Java,
Sumatra, the Celebes and the. Moluccas-*.
the colonists are not Intrusted with a
share in their law-making.
be unsulted for publication in this journal.
But a christening in a den of five full
blooded and lively lions is rather in the
nature of a novelty. It possessed an extra
Interest In the tender age of the baby to
be baptized, who was only ten weeks old.
She was the Infantile daughter of the pro
prietor of the lions, and her christening
caused considerable sensation at the time,
especially as it was realized as being quite
possible fiat an injudicious exclamation
on her part might cause trouble.
Happily, however, the event passed off
without any serious mishap, nnd Leona,
as the baby was neatly christened, distin
guished herself by her discretion in not
wishing to pull the lions' tails or rap them
over the nose with her feeding bottle,
which might have been reasonably expect
ed in so young a person. There were f. uir
persons in the lions' cage for the cere
mony—the child, her two parents and her
godfather. Her two godmothers pardon
ably preferred to play their part from
outside the cage.
A game of chess, which It was wagered
two young men of Hamburg would play
in a den of three lions, resulted in a very
serious "check," for which neither of the
HANNA IN HIS BUSY WASHINGTON LIFE
THE most overworked piece of
mechanism In ;ill Washington is
Senator Hanr.i's doorbell. Scarce
ly b day passes that it ls_not set
ringing ai least 150 times, and of ton
and ;ik;> in between breakfast and
bedtime it announces the arrival of the
two-hundredth caller. No man in Wash
ington, except the President, receives as
ninny callers.
Senator Hanna's abiding pace in
Washington is the Arlington Hotel, and
his rooms arc <,n the ground lioor of an
annex which was once a private house.
A colored man in the livery of a hotel
is appointed to guard the street door, and
of the ten score callers whose cards he
receives every day not more than fifty
<>r seventy-ftve succeed in obtaining an
audience. Many call, but few are chosen.
To give heed to,the speech of even fifty
persons in one day. however, is no sm.ill
thing. Only a man trained as Senator
Hanna has been from boyhood in busi
ness methods and endowed with a re
markable executive ability could accom
plish it. It is the penalty of i,eing In the
confidence of a President, for Senator
Hanna is nearer President McKinley than
any other man in the land.
Senator Hanna is a business man, first,
last and always. He is politic In busi
ness, businesslike in politics. He exacts
players was responsible.
The game was played on a small table at
the end of the cage nearest the door,
which was left ajar to facilitate the re
troat of the players should occasion arise.
' One player insisted upon being provided
with a stool during the game, and his In
sistence cost a very severe price.
During the play, which had then lasted
about ten minutes, an ekU rly lion had
emitted sundry loud protests against the
Intruders remaining, and one moment.
when the trainer, who for want of space
In the cage remained without, turned his
eves away from the beasts, the angry old
lion made a rush at the players, and. with
the assistance "f his two fellows, who only
wanted or walte* a hint from their elder.
mauled tfie unfortunate young men in the
most horrible mncii^r before they could
escape by the door, which became lixed
owing to" the legs of the stool getting be
twi«en the bars.
Eventually the door was opened and the
two men dragged nut. bleeding and sense
lrss. So severely was one injured that
his life was at first despaired of, and he
wns Invalided for fr.ur months, and re
mains maimed for life.
It wai years before this fraud was dis
covered and exposed, bo that now It is
only a simple amusement.
Speaking of being conscious of a
ghoßt's presence suggests mention of a
novel contrivance patented by an Eng
lishman, who is evidently a spiritualist.
It Is a sort of small room, or large box,
specially constructed for seeing spirft*.
As everybody knows, phantoms are rare
ly seen in bright light, the reason being
that it Is so strong as to shine clear
through them, and is not reflected from
their surface bo as to make them vißi
ble. In the room described, however, the
light Is filtered through a blue liquid and
any spirits that happen to be present are
sure to be palpable to -he eye. The room
1s windowless; its walls are covered with
a peculiar paint of magnesia and tur
pentine, and all air Is shut out, a breath
ing supply being furnished from a tank
of compressed oxygen.
The magicianß of old made a specialty
of Bpecters, and their skill in summoning
the shades of the departed Is a matter of
record as far back as history goes. In
this business they are imitated by mod
ern wonder workers, who pretend to no
supernatural powers, depending upon rec
ognized principles of optics for the pro
duction of their phenomena. Among the
latter none is more astonishing to those
unacquainted with the modus operandl
than the exhibition which, as presented
on the stage, goes very appropriately by
the name of Black Art. It is rarely" of
fered, for the roason that the setting of
the display is expensive, but in wonder
exciting quality It is unrivaled.
In Black Art the entire stage Is lined
with black cloth, while all around the
front of it. at top, bottom and sides, is
a line of brilliant electric lights. Th.es>;
lights dazzle the eyes of the audience and
throw Into dense gloom the stage behind,
whereon the magician presently appear*
clad in a snow white suit. He waves his
hand and there comes floating in the air
a white wand, which he clutches. A wave
of the wand and a table appears on his
right: another wave and another table on
his left. Again, and two large vases are
seen upon the tablrs; they are shown to be
empty. The magician drops into one of
the vases a few orange seeds. A wave of
the wand, and the receptacle is filled with
oranses, which, on being poured into the
second vase, disappear.
A human skeleton suddenly arrive? and
begins to dance; It becomes dismembered,
the separated parts floating: about; but
presently they .loln company again and
the dance 1? renewed. Next, a white rab
bit is seen In one of the vases, from which
It Is takon by the performer, and In his
hands It becomes two rabbits, which are
tossed Into the air and disappear. The
explanation of the mystery Is that an un
seen assistant Is on the stage all the time.
Being dressed In black, with black gloves
NEWSPAPER SPECIALLY FOR BEGGARS.
AMONG the manifold and curious
Droductions which emanate from the
French press ia a paper called the
Mendicants' Journal. This perlodi
:al is published bi-weekly and is ed
ited and printed in a smart style.
It does not concern Itself with either re
ligion, drama, affairs of the Senate, or the
world of books, but caters wholly and in
geniously for its numerous and sagacious
readers.
It is practically published In the Inter
est of professional beggars, and contains
many curious advertisements, under
stood only by this section of the com
munity. We append a few of these adver
tisements culled from a recent number
of this uniaue. lournal:
"At 3 o'clock to-morrow a fashionable
funeral is to be celebrated at the Church
of St. Angelo."
"On Saturday next, at noon, the wed
ding of a wealthy gentleman will take
place at the Catholic Cathedral."
"A vacancy has occurred for a blind
man who can play the violin. Collection*
business methodß from all with whom
he comes in contact. With none of his
callers does he waste either time or
words. Nothing pleases him more than
a direct, concise and to the point state
ment of a case; but his official, political
face is the face, of a sphinx. Not a line
nor a muscle of it ever betrays what he
is thinking, nor an expression ever tells
whether he is pleased or displeased. He
is an unerring judge of men, and when
he thinks a man worthy of confidence he
is unreservedly communicative; but with
his average caller he is as unresponsive
as a graven image.
Although he accomplishes a great deal
in a day. Senator Hanna Is not a me
thooiCal man. He has no fixed plan of
dany life. He is not an early riser. He
breakfasts at 9. and breakfast is to him
the chief meal of the day, for he says
that he does not feel that the day is
properly begun unless ne has breakfasted
well. His morning meal is a hearty one,
and soft boiled eggs are an invariable
Item on his bill of fare. He has always
been blessed with a fair appetite, and al
though ny no means an epicure, he is fond
of good living. He likes sweets. Coffee
he drinks sparingly, and in regard to al
coholic liquors he is exceedingly abstem
ious. He is very fond of a good cigar,
but smokes only moderately.
Immediately after breakfast he returns
to liis reception rocm and callers are ad
mitted. Some of them are the charac
teristic office seekers of the capital.
Some of them come to him on matters
connected v/ith the National Republican
Committee, of which he has been chair
man since 1896. Some of them call be
cause they fancy that to have the ear
of the Ohio Senator is to have the ear of
the man in the White House, a long
stone's throw across the park. Some of
them have business with him which con
cerns some one of the almost Innumerable
commercial enterprises— shipbuilding, lake
carrying, banking, railroading, mining
and what not— in which he is interested,
and some of them come to him for rea
sons whfch few who know Mr. Hanna
only as a skillful and determined politi
cian ever guess. His friends say that 1 c
is one of the most open-handed and char
itable of men, and that he never turns a
deaf ear to any honest story of suffer
ing. He has been an active member of
a number of c.-aritaJile organizations,
and his private charities are carried on
without regard to society or creed.
At 11:30 he drives to the Capitol. He
enjoys thoroughly the part of the day
and a black velvet mask he Is Invisible
to the audience. The oranges are poured
•nto the vase from a black velvet bap by
the assistant, and they vanish when he
empties them again into the sack. It 13
the same way with the rabbits, which are
caught in the open mouth of the bag wh'-n
they are tossed up. The skeleton Is of
papier mache painted white and fastened
upon thin board sawed to shape and cov
ered with black velvet, one arm and one
leg being jointed so as to be easily re
moved. The tables and vases are white
and like tlie skeleton are' made to appear
by removing their black coverings.
A most interesting method of producing
spectra! effects by the use of X rays la
described by Hopkins in his recently pub
lished work on "Magic." On the stage
is ceen a man seated at a table dining
composedly. The stage Is suddenly dark
ened, causing the man to disappear from
view, but at tho same moment a skeleton
appears sitting on the opposite side of the
table— a most unpleasant companion, one
would think. Of this strnnpe phenome
non the explanation is simply that the
skeleton Is painted with zinc Pulphlde,
which has the property of becoming lum
inous under the Rn^ntpen rays. The appa
ratus for producing fhe latter Is concealed
and the rays are communicated to Brud
der Bones through the body actually of
the living man at tho table. By the same
means the decanter and dishes on the
table are caused to plow brilliantly. The
skeleton is concealed by a black velvet
cloth at first while the stage is illumin
ated.
Ffopklns, to whose recently published
work -the writer Is much Indebted, speaks
6f a contrivance of mirrors by whicli an
empty suit of armor, previously taken to
pieces In the BlgTit of the audience by a
servant who Is supposed to be cleaning
It, is made to take life apparently and
chase the man around the room, beating
him. The place of the suit of armor, from
the spectators' viewpoint, is taken by a
reflection of another just like It, while a
man gets into the original suit. The army
cf demons and ghosts which pass over
the stage in "Der Freischutz" are painted
on a canvas roll and projected by a pow
erful light upon a scene representing
clouds.
Many patents have been granted for ar
rangements of mirrors designed to pro
duce a labyrinthine maze, and sonic of
them are very Ingenious. In one of these
iho entering spectator sees at a distance
a strange looking old woman. On ap
proaching he finds that she Is only a re
flection. Turning round to get Bight of
the original he sees the woman directly
at his left and much nearer. Approaching
he again finds himself before a mirror.
Whichever way he tries to get to the
woman he Is baffled. A sheet of plain
glass obstructs the real path to her, but
behind the glass is another mirror which
shows only her reflection. Any visitor in
any part of the maze is seen reflected in
every other part, bo that, the place seems
to be enormoui in extent and filled with
people.
rood. Small premium required."
"Wanted at once for a seaside resort,
a pair of helpless cripples. Good busi
ness. References given and required, also
a moderate premium."
Those who have visited seaside resorts
in France must be well aware of the nu
merous fraternity of beggars who haunt
such places. They are apparently suffer
ing from most of the diseases under the
sun, by means of which they excite gen
eral sympathy and draw large Incomes.
In reality most of them are clever impos
tors. Ingeniously got up for the occasion,
and are quite a different kind of folk
when they move in their own peculiar cir
cles at night. Most of them take the
Mendicants' Journal and profit consider
-1 ably by Its timely counsels.
■ ♦ »
Mrs. Gwllllama— 1 heard you tell Mr.
Sfflnt to come around at lunch time
downtown to-morrow and you would have
a hot Scotch. What is a hot Scotch, dear?
Mr. Gwllllams— Cooked oatmeal, my
dear.— Chicago Tribune.
he spends there. He never makes speeches.
Almost the only public address of his on
record Is the one he made In Chicago,
during the last Presidential campaign. It
was brief, forceful and unadorned. Sena
tor Hanna's work in the Senate is done
in the committee rooms, and not on the
floor of the Senate chamber. He makes
other men uo his talking for him. lie
prefers to be the power behind the throne.
In comparison with Senate orators, with
Senator Wolcott, for example, Senat<^
Hanna Is as the engineer, deep in the
bowels of a man-of-war, to the gold-laced
captain on the bridge. ..<* does not seek
for applause, and he cares not a rap for
criticism. He knows exactly what he
wants, and as he never changes his mind,
never loses his nerve and never gives up,
he always gains his point in the end.
He reaches home after his day in the
Senate only In time to dine. After din
ner he has usually some social engage
ment, for he is undisguisedly tond of so
ciety. He is fond of tne theater, and en
joys the lighter operas. In Cleveland he
is owner of the opera house, which is a
pet hobby or his. He gives it a great
deal of attention, and all its bookings
are subject to his approval. When he is
in Cleveland he never fans to appear at
the theater with ivirs. Hanna every Mon
day evening.
For books he has no great liking. In
the days when he wa3 not quite so busy
he used to read a great many light nov
els for relaxation. Now he finds time for
nothing but the newspapers, of which he
reads a great many, and a few of the
magazines. He is extremely fond of
whist and plays exceedingly well. For
horses he does not care at all. He takes
no interest in outdoor sports. He does
not fish nor hunt - or play golf, but does
like yachting. Travel is a rest and re
laxation to him, and the trip he made
last year to the Yellowstone delighted
him so much that he proposes to repeat
it as soon as he can spare the time.
He is a vestryman in the Episcopal
church, although he is not a member of
any denomination.
Mrs. Hanna says that he has hut one
hobby, and that is the entertaining of his
friends. The hanna home, Glenmere. is
only four miles from Cleveland, on a high
bluff overlooking the lake. The name is
one; the Senator had a share in choos
ing, fop ho said he wanted a name that
meant something, and in the eight acres
of his grounds there is a glen suflici^nt
to justify the first half of the name.
RUTH KIM BALL GARDINER.
21«/
THE ROAMNCE OF A LAND SWINDLE.
He rlached the streaf»-bf:d, and orcwmc?. round* felt m vain
TOR THE. TINKLINC7 STRE.AM ..*-./- - -
THE two English Inhabitants of
the city of Pnn Pablo, George. Fu
gard and Percy Hodgson, were cel
ebrating ' Christmas eve. of the
ye,-!- tho principal build
ing of the city. The native popu
lation, rural police. Custom-house ofnVia.l,
postmaster and rej c of the
Mexican Government had already cele
brated and lay drunk and asleep in the
only other building visible In the city,
ng an empty spirit bottle to his
br<-i3.-t.
The room wns n iarK« one. Tt? con
tents were numerous, Tui-cellaneoua and
Jn chaotic confusion; the only articles
rlparly definable being the common chairs
on which the men were sittinp, the bare
pinewood table on which the lamp, bot
tles and glasses rested, a '-amp bed in
one corner from which the blankets had
been hastily pulled to cover the windows,
Bnd 'wo gayly colored lithographic maps
m the wall. The other miscellany piled
about the floor In all directions was only
a confused, entangled jumble of things
abandoned and cast aside, vaguely sug
geßtive of surveying, farming, mlnlnp,
colonization- Incapable of I n and
mutely telling of impracticability and
failure.
CHARACTERS.
MRS ROBBINS. president Vinculum Club.
MRS. TARBOX. MRS. COVE, MRS FORD.
MRS. R.OE. MRS. DOE. MISS SMITH. MRS
JONES. MRS. STEELE. directors of the Vin
culum Club. .
MISS BROWN, roember Vlrjculum Club.
SCENE: A njeetlng of tfoe directors In
clubhouse. ((311 are present except Mr».
Stecle, Miss Brown aod Mrs. Jones.)
• • •
M!fs Smith— Of course, vr« fully appre
ciate Miss Brown's motives in
presenting the resolutions— no on«
doubts them for an Instant— but
are they, the resolutions, In ac
cord with the constitution?
Mrs. Ford— Of course they're unconstitu
tional.
Mrs. Oove— Why?
Mrs. Ford— Why— well— they're so un
usual, you know.
(Knter Mrs. Jones.)
Mrs. Jones Pardon my tardiness! I hope
I haven't kept you waiting.
Mrs. Tarhox— The constitution distinctly
fiaya that the flub shall not take
part In any religious, political or
charitable (ioiuonptratlon, and
(triumphantly) if you can find
anything under the sun that can
not be m;ino to rome under one
of these three heads, I'd like to
know of It.
Mrs. Jones— Will some one please explain?
I was not present at the last
meeting of the club.
Mrs. Robbins— At that meeting some reso
lutions were Introduced by Miss
Brown and adopted by the club.
Mr. Baldin, who Is largely Inter
ested In the Railroad Trust, Is a
randldcte "for President of the
Vnited States, and he has Issued
an order discharging 1 several
thousand women employes of the
trust because they are not voters.
By the resolutions adopted this
club condemns his action and ap
peals to the 52f> federated clubs,
to the 22,000 women who compose
the Daughters of the Revolution,
and to various other organiza
tions of women to do the same.
This action of the club is intend
ed to bo a rebuke and to carry the
Fame weight as public opinion.
Mrs. Jones (with a gasp)— What a start
ling proposition! It quite takes
one breath away. How did the
club ever come to adopt it?
Mrs. Tarbox— That's what we'd like to
know. I think it took away the
club's breath.
Mrs. Robbins (rapping) — The object of
this meeting is to consider what
Is to be done— ff anything can be
done— in regard to the action of
the club.
Mrs. Ford— Oh. it must be stopped, some
how.
Mr*. Oovp— What for?
Mrs. Tarbox-It's not along the cluh lines.
What do you think, Mrs. Doe?
Mre. Doe (nervously)— l— l am not j>re
The two bright spots In this comfort
rss room wore the niapn (.11 tho wall.
'hey wer« very attractive, especially the
irßor one, with its elaborately flourished
nd decorated title, "The City of San
'ab'lo Property nglo-Mexiean
lappy Land Company." This map was
"work of art: a beautiful plan of
huge and prosperous city. with
ianks, churches, schools, parks, plazas,
oulcvards; a mighty pier, and a harbor
. with vessels and surrounded by
moking factories. The crudely printed
rords. "Percy Hodgson, Agent," which
.-id boon stamped in one corner of this
lap, were the only blemish on its other
rise perfect Burfa
The other map, though nearly as large,
,-ns drawn on h much smaller scale, and
he city of Pun Vahlo occupied only an
lerhth of a square inch on Its southern
while near the northern
nd calculating by the scale some hun-
Irod miles away, lay another city, S.in
>edro by name, and between these two
><>in!s lay n country of apparently sur
-- richness.
"Well, young 'un, who aro you mur
lering?"'lt was the elder of the men who
iroke the Bilence.
"I'm Koine: to cut this. George— don't
are if I never cot a cent— can't stand it.
>,v the way, have 1 wished you a bloom
ng merry ( "hristmas?"
"Stow it, will you? Nothing funny or
lev. r in being profane. "What's the
pared to say. I expected Mrs.
Steelo would be here to-day. ';:;
Miss Smith— We must consider the mat
ter conscientiously from all
standpoints. Aside from thelm
medlato question there is the pre
cedent to be considered. " We are
here to serve the club ' and ;wo
must be fair to all.
Mrs. v Roe— The pian seems to me to b©
Quixotic. -, .
$lrs,;.Goye— ln 'what wayt a ,tf iff ? ' * v'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1899.
ear cuthbert barmbv. . -
matter with your lamp? Relievo It's got
the malarial jim-jams, like poor old
Karl."
"What (in you mean? What's wrong
with Earl?"
"Oh, nothing. Didn't I tell you? Indian
swine came into store to-day. Said there
was something wrnng up there. Toiled
up to his patch this afternoon. Found
he'd shot himself by accident because he
was too doocid happy. That's nil. We've
pot a Christmas burying party on for to
morrow, young 'un."
"Have you told Sanchez?"
"No. Found him lying drunk In his
room when I got back. Been celebrating.
He'll be all right to-morrow, though, to
net as coroner and take possession on be
half of the Government. Celebrate again
to-morrow night on the proceeds, unless
he bursts from importance in the mean
while."
"Poor old Earl. Give that whisky a
shove, will you?" .
The two men puffed at their pipes for
some time. In silence. Then the younger
said:
"Done anything at the store to-day?"
"You bet. Sold, all the. whisky I had.
save that bottle Sanchez stole, to those
poor devils of Indians on a strictly credit
basis. Sold 10 cents' worth of beans as
well."
There was silence again, which the
elder nmn broke again by saying:
"What was that you said about cutting
SCISSORS
OR
SWORL
Mrs. Roe — Oh, well— i ecause anything we
haven't done before Is always
Quixotic.
Miss Smith— Ladies, there seems to be
some doubt in regard to the pur
pose, or rather the effect of the
resolutions, Brown Is wait-
Ing in the library— she thought
you might like to question her in
regard to her motives in introduc
ing them. Suppose we ask her to
tell us her views?
Mrs. Tarbox— Very well. Only, my mind
is made up. (The otners assent.
Miss Smith leaves the room and
returns with Miss Brown.)
Mrs. Robblns— At the request of the direc
tory, Miss Brown, will you ex
plain your reason for introducing
the resolutions?
Miss Brown— The principal one was a de
sire to help those unfortunate
women. A man may maintain
that he has the right to em
ploy whom he "chooses. When,
however, he discharges his em
ployes, through no fault of theirs
and from a purely selfish motive,
he is guilty of an act which
merits ' universal condemnation.
Mrs. 'Roe — Most of those women are
Catholics, lam told. This makes
the question come under the head
ct a religious demonstration, and, .
tit would bo unconstltutlon^, _^
it, young 'un 7"
"I'm off for San Pedro to-morrow. I
swear it."
"How are you groins? In a balloon?"
"Foot it. \ suppose, but I'm g;olng."
"Going to leave me stranded here with
that devil Sanchez?"
"No. fou're coming too."
"And leave the Broncers? No. By
I won't."
"By Jove! I forgrot them. "Wonder why
they haven't been flown. I say, think of
Earl. Po you suppose — ?"
"No, nnt yet. I>ook here. Forgrot. In
dian hrotiKht this in three days ago. An
other sal<- on the credit system. Poor
silly devils!"
Fugard handed a note to his companion.
It ran as folows:
"Valle del Diablo.
""Dear Fugard: Please pond l>y bearer
pomp quinine, a few pounds of powder
and phot, a shovel, an Iron pan
(basin shape), a gardener's line and
some beans. Have you had any ruin?
None here. Cattle all dead hut three.
Don't like look of Inky. Wish to <?
there »as a woman here. We are camp-
Ing by the Arroyo. Believe I have struck
it rich; If so, home's the word at last.
Trust me once more like a good chap,
or come and tako a cow. Hope we
shall be In to wish you a— well, Christmas
of sorts. Have you any nitric acid.. If
so. send some. W. BRONCER."
The young man kept his eyes fixed on
Mrs. Robblns— l am quite convinced that
their belief concerns no one but
themselves. Surely, you will all
agree with me In dismissing the
objection just made?
(The others smile. iurs. Roe perceives
her mistake and decides to smile with the
majority).
Mrs. Tarbox— But— lf their employer is a
• candidate for the Presidency and
dismisses them, oecause they
have no votes, then It's political:
and. we should be going against
the constitution if we took it up.
Mrs. Gove — I cannot see anything politi
cal In it. Since they could not
vote, even If they would, for their
employer or any one else, it is
certain that they have no part In
politics.
Mrs.. Ford— lsn't ; it a charity? These
women are in need and we pro
pose to assist them. I think that
■ would make it come • under the
head of "charlta-.e" and render
- It. unconstitutional.
Miss . Brown— certainly j are in need
Justice. But they are not
paupers; and none of ; them need
become an .object of ; charity if
• the women of America use this
power which has been placed in
1 their hands. It Is a reproach
, I , jiot to ÜBe it for the cause of Jus
-1 ' lice &ud fcumanlt j> *. rebuke .tq
this note for a long time. and. when at
length he spoke, It was with twitching
lip and unsteady voice.
"What a queer cliap you are, George,
bottling this thing up! Why did you
do It?"
"Because, young 'mi"- and Fugard put
a kindly hand on his friend's shoulder—
"because I don't see the way out. and—
well, you've kicked yourself enough over
the wretched business. Poor old Percy!
It ain't all jam being a swindling com
pany's agent. Is it?"
"But I swear, George "
"Yes, yes. We know all about that.
Tou were swindled, too. I "
"On my honor, George, I didn't "
"You didn't know. All right, all right;
don't excite yourself. I should hope you
didn't, indeed. Well. well, never mind.
No, no you're not to blame, sonny. You
little beast, Percy, you're snivelling!
Here, take Borne whisky; ought to be
ashamed of yourself. Wish T could snivel
like that, though; must be relieving.
What was that? Santa Claus knocking
at the door, by Jove!" and Fugard. giv
ing his friend a final kindly pat on the
shoulder, walked to the outside door, and,
opening It, let a flood of daylight and a
cloud of wind-blown sand into the room.
A stern-faced, well-dressed man stood
on the doorstep, and close by was a
spring wagon with its wheels burled half
way up to the hubs in the flue white sand
of the sandhill on which the company's
office stood.
"Is this the city of San Pablo?" asked
the stranger.
"That's what. This and that shanty
over there," answered Fugard. "A bit
sandy, Isn't it?" he added, as a sudden
cloud of snnd blinded the stranger's eyes.
"And is that the hay?" psbod th« • «•«••
comer when he could see again, pointing
to a vast expanse of sanduariK: uisei \ ■
by a narrow channel of water and
stretching miles and miles to a distant
line of sea.
"That'R what," answered Fugard again.
"Thank you. Here is my card, and I
want to see Mr. Hodgson," ,. said the
stranger, gravely.
Fugard took the card. Then his bitter
voice grew menacing as he said: "See
here, Mr. Sneath of London, you're going
to step right up Into that wagon and get^
to Gehenna if you like; but you don't stay
here to eat your heart out while I'm
around. You're a colonist, ain't you?"
"No."
"You've bought a magnificent' cattlo
ranch in London, haven't you?"
"No."
Fugard looked at the man as though he
were a monstrosity. Then he said. "Well,
then, what in thunder brings you here?"
"1 want to see Mr. Hodgrson. Is he
here?"
"Yes. He's in there, irrigating his in
side. Walk in. You're a phenomenon.
Mr. Sneath, and I congratulate you on it.
All right. I'll attend to your horses. I see
you've brought your own feed. That's
lucky. Not a straw to be had in thn whole
city, and our nags expired in trying to ac
commodate themselves to the circum
stances. Step right in."
The stranger did so.
After nearly an hour of gentle, steady
work. Fugard left the horses with a ca
ressing pal and made his way to the of-.
flee again. He paused for a moment on the
doorstep and said: "Percy waxeth elo
quent to the stranger." Then he entered.
"1 tell you, sir. it was a cruel shame, an
outrage, to send those fellows out here."
"Hear, hear," said Fugard.
"Glad you've com.- \n. Ueorge," said the
boy, as he excitedly strode up and down
on the debris-strewn floor. "I've Just
lieen telling Mr. Sneath about the Bron
cers. The company's busted, George. The
vrholf thing's a swindle. Sir Richard
Welcher Is in quod, and Mr. Sneath has
come out on behalf of the shareholders -
the widows and orphans--to settle things
up, find take over the assets."
"Take over the assets," echoed Fugard.
"That's Kn<ui."
"I have a letter for the Broncers," said
Sneath. "How long have they been here?"
"Oh. about forty— l mean about two
years." answered Percy.
"But why did they stay?" pursued
Sneatb.
"You don't know Willie Broncer." an
swered Percy again somewhat feebly.
"Come, come, sir." said Sneath, "it is
an unfortunate case, certainly, but it
seems to me that you gentlemen take It
almost morbidly to heart. After all, you
are not responsible for — "
"No; but you see we have watched them
making their tight for it." interrupted
Fugard, quietly. "Come out and see the
city by moonlight, will you? See that big
mountain over there with the moon
perched on Its camel back" The Broncers'
ranch is live miles behind that. Quite a
drive, eh ?"
Then, running hack to the door, ho
pushed In the dog which had followed
htm. saying as he did so: "There's com
pany for you. young "un. Qood-by, and
leave that whisky alone, will you?" Then
lin slammed the door. I ..eft alone. Percy
Hodgson Riled his glass and emptied it
many times as he sat In brooding dejec
tion. The dog roamed uneasily about the
room, and— Did the lad sleep? Did he
dream? Well—
Only a trickle or water remained In the
ruddy-colored bed of the Arroyo del
Diablo to reflect the burning thirsty rays
of a cloudless December sun, although,
according to precedent, the stream should
have been madly rushing and swirling be
tween those parched up banks, still lined
with the debris left by the torrent of more
one evil-doer would menace
others. This club was formed
for culture— lt Is a composite
gentlewoman. Yet, because of
this, Is It to he exempt from
duty? Should a gentlewoman re
fuse to lend her influence for the
right? "We are looked to as a
leader among the women's clubs
In this community. Noblesse
oblige!
Mrs. Tarbox— lt Is so radical. It is not
along the club lines.
Miss Brown— Who can foresee, infallibly,
what lines will be best for a club
or an individual? No one could
foresee this power which federa
tion has given into our hands.
All power, whether the result of
genius, position or wealtn, brings
its obligations. Some day an
accounting will be required of
you. You find thlß In your hands
—a sacred trust. Is it to be used
or discarded? In place of the
scissors of former years a sword.
Is given you.
Mrs. Y>oe — Gracious!
Mrs. Roe— Very poetical, but— a sword is
so unladylike. (Shudders.)
Miss Brown— Yet you must admU that it
is more efficacious than a pair of
scissors.
Mrs. Tarbox— l agree with Mrs. Roe; it
-*•*<, is not so ladyjlka,
than a year ago. In the bed of this well
nigh dried up stream a man was working
with feverish energy. On the bank of the
stream, some fifty yards away, stood
a much patched tent and beside it
a farm wagon; two mules. with
pinched up bellies, protruding ribs and
fore feet hobbled were visible in the
nearer distance as they moved to and fro
with tfcat kangaroo-like movement which
hobbling engenders. High up to the west,
three miles away and divided from the
stream by many a rugged gulch, stood
the crazy Diablo ranch house, its white
washed," sun-bathed boards gleaming
brightly through the dancing transparen
cy, and far away behind it again rose
the towering camel-backed mountain, the
largest of all the threatening fantastic
volcanic monsters which completely sur
rounded the landscape. Not a tree was
visible- -not a patch of ~reen; nothing but
a cheerless, sun-cracked broken waste of
bowider-strewn reddish soii. with here
and there a sapless, blackened shrub, or
a patch of dull gray brushwood, or the
gleam on the bones of a long dead beast,
or the sheen on a swollen hide yet to
be picked by yonder carrion birds.
Hour after hour the man plodded on at
his work, his mouth firmly set and the
perspiration steadily dripping from his
face a:id standing out in beads on the
gray-flecked hair on his temples. He had
dammed the stream some yards above
him, and had conducted the" accelerated
current to the place where he was work
ing, and his labor consisted in tilling a
large Iron basin with the red poll dug
from the banks and ttwaylng it gently to
and fro as the water played on it with an
even, rocking motion, until all the soil
was washed away. It was wonderful, ex
hilarating! No matter where he piunged
hla shovel, the loosened soil fairly glit
tered with shining metal, and the worker,
as he toiled in the sun, filled
a huge. bulging sark with great
knobs of shining gold. until the
banks of thr. stream were punctured in a
hundred places by his miniature excava
tions, and the bed of the stream was lit
tered with glistening fragments. It was
plain from thd man's; frantic exertions
that he was working against, time, and
though his tall spare frame and mus
cular arms showed no .sign of strain or
tiring, the drawn and driven expression
on his deeply lined handsome face was re
pulsive in its intensity.
At length, when the sun had sunk be
hind the hills and a vapor was beginning
to rise from thf> stream, he dropped his
tools, and picking tip a gardener's line
measured out a square which included
all his workings, marking out each corner
with a heap of bowlders. Then, lifting
up the sack as though it were a feather,
he ran headlong to the tent.
•Mi a cot inside the tent a man was
lying, muttering to himself and cease
lessly chewing the blanket which par
tially covered him. One of his feet was
swathed up in an old horsecloth, and
fever shone in his eyes ;;nd burned on
his puffer) ghastly face. r P to this cot
the laborer strode, and taking the burn
ing hand of the sufferer cried exultingly:
"Can you start for home to-morrow,
Inky? Home, Inky.' Home at last!"
"Home! Home: Never again, never
again," echoed hack from the dusk
enshrouded bed. the whisper falling
hoarse and strange on the evening still
ness.
Passing a hand across his forehead, the
laborer took a stable lamp from the
floor, and. lighting it. gazed long and
earnestly in the si<-k man's face with un-
Bpeakable dread In ins own. Then, put
ting down the lantern, he filled a cap
sule with quinine, and. tenderly raising
the lolling bald head, said:
"Is the pain very bad? H^re, take this.
That's right, ('an you eat some beans?"
But the sick man. feebly shaking his
head, dropped to the pillow again, fixed
his eyes vacantly on the tent-roof, and
beat with his hands on the cot.
Leaving his side, the laborer quietly
husied himself in preparation for the mor
row's departure. Not a tremor in his
voice betrayed the patient, hopeless suf
fering which his face expressed, as he
chatted blithely on of the home-coming
In store and the well-loved faces so soon
to be seen again: and as lie worked, un
consciously gripping each thing he
touched with the full forc^ of his hands,
his eyes ever wandered to a species of al
tar by the side of his own cot. consisting
of a packing barrel, round the top of
which a mantelpiece border, once, no
doubt, a masterpiece of feminine achieve
ment, hut now faded and tntter»d, had
been ruthlessly nailed, and on which was
enthroned the single photograph of a
girl, whose trusting, steadfast eyes fol
lowed his regarding gaze, no matter
whence directed. And always as his eyes
met hers a flood of hopeless bitterness
Feempd to shine from their depths, and
the lines seemed to deepen round his
mouth.
Often he went to his cot, and smooth
ing the pillow with womanly tenderness,
or holding water to the drled-up lips said,
"Home, T'nky, Home." Once he shook
some of the contents of the sack which he
had carried into bis wide-brimmed hat,
and held it before the sufferer's eye, but
looking suddenly Into the hat himself he
saw its contents were black as night, and
rushing across the tent, he hurled the hat
through the gaping flap out into the dark
ness. Then, going to the little table by
the tent-pole on which the lantern stood,
he took from Its drawer a paper hag of
powder and some shot, and loaded a
rusty gun with suggestive deliberation.
Leaving the bag open on the table, he
Mra. Roe— Besides, one can jab with th»
scissors— they're a prod.
Mrs. Doe— They can snip, too. I agree
with Mrs. Roe, a sword is a bar
barous weapon; entirely out of
place in the hands of a lady.
Mrs. Jones (sighing)— As if we didn't
have trouble pnough already!
Miss Brown— My metaphor was most un
fortunate, it seems; but it waa
only a metaphor— l withdraw It.
Jkfra. Tarbox <;to Misa Brown— lt wouldn't
went to th© occupied cot, wrun * ,* h *
ceaselessly beating han^-; ana ; h « U voune
knelt for a moment before, th e >° ung
girl's photograph. Then blowing out the
lamp he threw himself on his cot . , .
The restless hands beat ceaselessly on.
The trickle of the vapor-spread stream
sounded loud In the outer stillness, ana
the famished roar of a 'mountain lion
roaming the rocky fastnesses e?hoed
round the hills, and mournfujiy moaned
itself Into silence, and the b«n° o «
shone placidly on. on. on, as though it
were fixed forever. Then an ta°»?" n
muttering arose on the night, an «^ strucK
on the listener's ear-a muttering of f rap
ments without sense or sequencfi. lch
gradually rose to a frenzied shr ek. ano.
arresting his beating heart, caused Wm
to leap from hla cot. He struck a ™, ■>/;'_;
and fumbled as he bent ovet the la "tern
on the table, but his hand? 'trrmbled so
thai the match went out and <V ' 1P fl '_!_
---it. glowing, aside, a miehty hlss'nK flame
leapt out from the table atrd lit iJP the
tent for a moment with its hltndins light.
There was the sound of a crashing fa.i.
and the air was charged with a. 8 "* 0^:
Ing smoke, but the frenzied voice ne\er
ceased to rave and babble to the silent
n 'fhe moonlight waned, and the sun
peeped up from behind the hills and
glanced through the wide open moutl nf
the tent on the form of a blark-sk nned
devil or man as he sat on the floor " w ■>•»•"•
He was l'ct^ing to the ravlngA'plce. and
rapidly striking match after. match fronr
a box which he held In .his hand. th-^.
cursing them and/throwing them flam r.K
away. Taking the last remaining m.'tih
from the box, he struck It and held It
downward until the flame burnt his fln
gers. Then the blank expression on tila
Frightful, sightless face, was horrible to
see ? Dropping the box he gropingly c rept
to the place whence the raving came, and
seizing a beating hand, cried: _f rh
"Unky, Unky! T have dronpAd a match
Into the gunpowder, and-" j&iit. the voice
raving on, he rose to his feet, and su<i
denly grasping the figure pn the bei.
raised it in his arms and shook It with
fearful force, crying out Hnld l^r
cursed nois<- and listen, will you! Then
he dropped it again and paid:
"Poor old Unky! What a beast I am.
and kneeling by the cot he sobbed aloun.
as though In torturing pain. Then .i«
crept to the place where the water na.l
stood, and groping with trembling hands
seized in his grasp the overturned pail and
the gardener's line. Taking the In* n»
tied its end to the tent pole and crept
groaning and writhing from the tent, pay
ing hut the line as he went until the stick
on which It was rolled was hare in his
hands. Then pulling the line taut he
scratched with his fingers in the pun
baked soil until his nails were broken
and torn, and planted the stick in the hoi*
bo made. Guided by the line he-crept back
once more, and unfastening it from tn*
tent pole tied It round his waist, grasped
up the bucket and began to describe a
sweeping circle over the uneven rocky
ground. His journey occupied intermin
able time. But he reached the stream
bed. and circling round strained the lino
to its fullest stretch, as he felt in vain
for the singing, trickling stream. Then
he tied the line to his foot, and lying flat
on his face stretched out his hands,
straining and striving until his arms,
Beemed to crack and his body to stret^
to an abnormal length. He touched th«*
water and filled the bucket with a. scream
of joy, and turnins: commenced to crawl
again on his endless, torturing way. He
reached the tent and crept toward tha
raving voice. Then he arose to his fe*»t,
and feeling for the sufferer's head raised
the bucket nearer, nearer, and it came up
lightly— so lightly that he dropped the
round bald head .and fearfully plunged
his arm into its depth. Tt was empty!
Incalculable time passed away, but th*
raving voice shrieked ever on and on in
the tent. while form like that of r tor
tured devil tied by a cord to a peg 1n the
ground kept ever round and round out
side, moving, ever moving in an endless
dizzy circle, while the flame of undying 1
reproach blazed from its Bightless eyes.
Faster and faster the motion became, un
til the figure seemed to fly in a madden
ing dizzy whirl.
"Percy! Percy! Percy!"
The form had risen, and was shrieking
the name, waving its arms and gnashln*
its teeth in terrible denunciation, ana
even as It rose a short, squat. bald-headed
form in pajamas, with frenzied shinlne
eyes, appeared In the tent opening and
madly laughed as it raised the rusty gun
and drew a bead on the circling thin?
outside. There was a report, ar.d the
world seemed to rock and shnke, and a
thousand voices clamored in > ne air. and—
"Percy! Percy! Percy! Wake up. you
drunken little devil, you! The Broncer3
have come and so has the rain. "Wake up!
By Jove, what a stink: y/uir lamp has ex
ploded, yotmg 'tin. Wake up, will you!
Wonder this cur of mine didn't wake you;
been yelling and whining like mad. Willie
Broncer's discovery was nothing but
mica. Sneath has brought a letter saying
that their uncle's dead and has left then)
a 1 pot of money. They are going horn».
but are going to stand treat all round
first. Pot of money, T tell you. Wake up.
sonny; Unky's better." Fugard encircled
the boy's shoulder with a kindly arm and
dragged him from his chair.
» ♦ »
"Do you believe in the value of fresh,
air?."
"I do. Indeed. I spent a "week in the
mountains and it cost me Brooklyn
Life.
have made any difference. The
thing had to be stopped.
(-- pause.)
Mrs. Robblns— you anything mors
to Bay, Miss Brown?
Miss Brown (dejectedly) — Nothing.
Miss Smith— Walt a little. If we should
make use of this power, Mi.sa
Brown, might we - not be drawn
Into many things?
Miss Brown— Possibly. Of course, we
should have to use discretion In
regard to the causes advocated.
Mrs. Roe— should be deluged with
simply deluged.
Miss Brown— a growth of fads
should flourish— they are short
lived—than that one case of Injus
tice should appeal in vain.
Mrs. Tarbox— should be ridiculed.
Goodness knows. we've had
enough 01 that of late.
Miss Brown— Yes— because of a misunder-
Btandlng. It goes without saying
that no one would believe that
this club, alone, could wield an
appreciable influence in this mat
ter; but no one could doubt that
the concerted action of the repre
sentative women of America,
exerted through the Federati^j
Clubs, would fall to have a mark>
ed effect.
Mrs. Tarbox— We have been laughed at
for trying to do It-
Mrs. Gove Alone.
Mrs. Roe (to Miss Brown)— look at
things so differently. Now, you
are visionary, aren't you?
Miss Brown— l suppose I may be called
so, for visions do descend upon
me, sometimes.
Mrs. Roe— Well, I'm not. I'm ; always
practical. Now, It seems to me
that, should we decide to do this
thing, we might be doing those
women a real injury.
Mrs. Gove— ln what way?
Mrs. Roe— Why, how do we know that
each one of them, on account of
losing her position, might not
marry some good man and be
'nicely taken care of for the rest
of her days?
(Enter Mrs. Steele.)
Mrs. Steele (she holds out a telegram)—
It's all right! He's promised not
to discharge them. Isn't It glori
ous! It was all our doing— that's
what makes me so late. Owing
to that newspaper notoriety
about the resolutions— we deplor
ed It so, too— they came to his
ears and he sent this dispatch to
a friend, who desires me to bring
It to you. Read it.. (She hands
it to the president, who passes It
to the secretary.)
Mixs Smith (reads)-"Have decided not to
discharge women employes. Stop
action of men's clubs If na . i
sible. HERVEY S. BALDIN." >
Mrs. Tarbox— Well! I hope he'll have the
decency to give us the credit
for it.
* '..'*>v ELIZABETH GERBERDINQ,MINING FOR GOLD IN SAN FRANCISCO.
I HERE'S another gold mine In San
Francisco. The owners arc work
ing away In it with faith and dyna
mite, and they are going to go
away down into the bowels of the
sanddunes until they find the ri(?h
or<\ a:. : then they will probably put up a
mill and make a great deal of money.
That is the programme that. Mr. Zammitt.
the superintendent and part owner, an
nounced, at least.
This latest gold mln« Is a mile or so
from anywhere. It Is out IrT the middle
of that great desolate stretch of shifting
sands und brush south of the park,
where there is not even a trail in thr or
An old Inhabitant visiting this place of
HERE'S THE WAY FOR YOU TO WAKE LIFE MASKS OF YOUR FRIENDS.
T*aking of masks from the dead
it a •= ki 1 1 o ri operator ac
■ :i:ed to such work Is distinctly
! difficult, and p< r
particulara of the mod
■ ' occa rti ma would F'lnv
rb the nerves of our mon sen
rnpanylng interesting photo
graphs v. o arf able to Illustrate th* 1 pro
■; a mask of the f
• operated on being very
'n r f r r m dead. Death masks are usually
se of securing an ex
n of the features, SO that
r who Intends to
painting or statue of the de
. have something definite to
' ften observes when reading of the
• lebrlty that a mask was
' ■ Mr. So-and-so, the celebrated
i. on after death, but really very
gold must become an explorer and I^arn
a good deal of local geography. Ton get
off at silent I>lttle Lake station, half way
down the south side of the park, and
wonder where to go. l'r> th« track a little
way you find a place to climb to the top
of the big sand bluff and then you see
Bometblng. Away over by the top of a
ridge you see quite an area of green,
where springs have made vegetation take
root and create a firm oasis. If you know
-h and look sharply you will see a
white tent over there. That's by the
mine.
11 was here that P. F. Zammitt and
Ostwald were found the other day.
A picturesque little bit of a mining
-amp their place is, and everything is
few people know how this Is carried out. I
They might have some Idea that plaster
of parls is put over the dead man's face, ;
but thi re the Idea en-ls.
A mask from life I? taken almost pre
ime way as after de;Uh.
■h;it much greater care hat to be
the subject's life hangs on a
very thin thread, or, to be more precise.
two small quills. Tt requires a great deal
of nerve and patience to undergo, the
sensation being most disagreeable.
When a mask from life la about to be i
'l 1 lie bul [< ci !"■ lines on a long
' ' • .•! his
•' to : n ■. ml the plaster
where noi |nt< nded. The face is
slightly greased., but not enough to fill
the pores, of the skin. Care has to be es
pecially taken with the eyelashes, as
otherwise, in the sui
these are likely to be pulled off. which
would not be exactly pleasant. A small
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1899.
picturesque and full of contrasts out that
way. They were just petting: their tent
into shape. The dynamite packages were
arranged for pillows on the ground at the
hpad of the red blankets at either side,
the candle on a stick was ready for even
ing and the shotgun was at. rest. It was
too early to slip about for on« or two
rabbit for breakfast. They have
EpWidfd living, anyway.
That's the mine down there a few yards.
A mass of rock ten feel thick happens to
reach its top Just to the level of the sur
rounding ground. They have h<^en dig
ging beside It, and an excavation is ten
feet deep with a foot of water in it. The
irregular mass shows no vein formation,
but the miners say it Is a Quartz vein
sticking up above bedrock. No free gold
shows in the rook, hut Mr. Zammitt says
that one assay shows $6 50 and another
$11 50 per ton.
Mr. Zammitt cheerfully sits on his store
of gold and tells. He has prospected up
north and arc.und in past years, and in
the great days of old Mooneyville by the
Sea he worked blark s.-.nd there. He be
lieved, as did others, that the gold came
from back there Borne place, and for fif
teen years he has taken his rrun pr-.d
spade at times and wandered the penin
sula over, Just as many other hopeful
people have done.
A few weeks ago a scared jackrabblt
led him to some loose rocks in the bushes,
assays of which showed gold, and then he
found where the rock came from. John
F. English, the commission merchant,
whom ho knew well, happened out that
way and the upshot* was that Mr. En
glish quietly slipped around and bought
lots to the extent of 240 by 500 feet. Mr.
Zammitt has a half interest in the mine
and Ostwald. who has prospected, too,
was hired to help begin operations. A
small hand bilge, pump is bfing rigged up
and the rock is to be explored in depth
until gold or faith gives out.
There Is some gold In that rock, but It
is not a defined quartz vein. The body of
that big "quartz vein" Is schist, a sedi
mentary rock, and some nodules and
streaks of quarts show through some of
it, probably Intruded by percolation and
crystallized. Tt would seem likely that It
quill Is now Inserted In either nostril to '
allow the subject presently to breathe
through, and cotton wool lightly pressed
around the base to keep the liquid plaster
fr >m Intruding. A pair of scissors Is a!
ways kept handy, so as to he able to cut
off the topa of the quills should by any
chance the plaster splash up and cover
them.
All being read:-, a few cheering words
are spoken to the unhappy victim and the
plaster Is mixed. This Is carefully poured
or sprinkled over the features.
The following operations have then to
be performed with skill and celerity:
Directly the plaster lightly covers the
face a small but strong thread Is laid
on either cheek, running from the top of
the head down to the neck, and Is pressed
into the plaster until It almost touches
the skin. Additional plaster, is now placed
on. until the whole is about an Inch in
thickness. Ere this has quite set the
Is part of n tilted sedimentary stratum
harder than the strata on either side,
which have thus worn away, leaving a lit
tle of the stratum of schist protruding.
How far bedrock on either side lies below
the sand ha.s not been found.
Some small samples of the rock wore as
sayed at the laboratory of Abbott A.
Hanks on Montgomery street, for The
Call. Pieces containing quartz showed no
gold at all. A pioce of the schist itself
showed "a trace of gold," Mr. Hnnks
found— possibly at the rate of 50 cents a
ton. The new sold mine thus seems at a
cursory view to be in a sedimentary strat
um into which a little gold has been de
posited in solution as it Is deposited here
and there in granito. sandstone and the
country rock of gold-bearing veins gen
erally.
Henry O. Hanks, the old and widely
known mineralogist, who was State Min
eralogist for six years, on seeing the rock
said:
"There seems to be nothing to this
schist that a mining man would attach
any Importance to at all, though there
might be gold in such rock. Nothing has
been discovered on the peninsula to
warrant any great expectations. There
are many small quartz veins which show
trace? of gold and such discoveries have
been made at three or four places betwr-en
the park ami Baden, but none have been
of value. Near the Baden packing house
there are good copper indications and a
shaft seventy-five, fee-t deep was sunk
there once. Copper has also been found
about South San Francisco. About Twin
Peaks there are a dozen prospect holes,
where people have found mineral Indica
tions, and about the Corbett road near Tn
pleside. Where the boulevard turns west
from the Almshouse through the gap con
slderable prospecting has been done. Cop
per, chromic iron, cinnabar, oxide of man
ganese and a little gold have been found
within the city limits, but no deposits of
economic value. A valuable deposit of
quicksilver would be more likely found
than one of gold. The formations are nut
favorable to gold, and nowhere in thn
("cast Range south nf Trinity <'ounty h;is
anything been found worthy of the n.nn.'
of a gold mine. There have, been little
discoveries here and there rich in sYnall
' before mentioned threads are pulled up I
through the mold, so as to cut the plaster.
Otherwise it would be Impossible to re
'< move It from the face.
The subject whose mask Is being taken
Is now having a lively tune. The plaster
presses and burns his cheeks. He thinks
of all the horrible tilings that might
happen should those two little quills get I
, i hoked. Not a sound of the outer world '
can he hear save some indistinct rumbling ;
1 ard the thud, thud of his beating heart '
, almost deafens him. Hours seem to pass
and he is powerless to know what is going
on. He lies helplessly there, and. perhaps,
out of curiosity, tries to raise an eyelid.
That settles him, as by this time the
plaster has hardened and holds the lid in
an immovable grip.
A sickly sensation comep over him— he
feds paralyzed and unconsciously gives
a long groan. This, by the way, can only
j come through the quills in his nostrils,
amounts, but none that ever amounted tn
anything. At one time a gold mill was
put up at one discovery in the Santa Cruz
mountains, hut was abandoned."
Almarin B. Paul, one of the oldest min
ing engineers of California, Is another
mineralogioal expert who has given some
attention to this field in the past.
"Twenty-five yearß rkh i wont nut to
noar where Baden Is now to pro a gold
mine." ho said, "and T haVe boon out
there in later times. There has been a
good <lt>nl of talk about gold discoveries
at various times. I mm 1 .* 1 an assay for
nno man many years ago, but don't re
member tho result. That rock was from
Sutro'a land. W. T. Coleman once
thought he had struck gold on his place.
I found he had a quartz vein, but there
was (inly a trace of gold in it. Tracrs of
gold in very low grade ruck may be found
in many places, but as to profits I
wouldn't pay car fare for all of it. If
cinnabar were found there might bo some
sense in it. for the formation is favorable
to that. Th? only possibility of making
any money out of gold mining In San
Francisco is in tlio\ beach Hands."
The memory and the voluminous records
of Henry G. Hanks provide recollections
of a number of past gold "excitements" In
San Francisco.
A generation aRn some yellow metal was
found near the Presidio and there was
quite a fuss about It. hut it turned out to
be brass filings on the site nf an old ma
chine shop. Several times red jasper has
b^en found in the hills showing: minute
yellow specks, Rnfl as many times it
turned out to be brnss scraped off softer
brass nails in shoes. A Rood many years
ago two men thought they had found a
bonanza at Main and Market streets,
where colors of gold were found in the
dirt. Then some p'oneer came along and
remembered a quartz mill that was there
in the fifties and shoveled out its tailings.
In 1896 the laborers employed by some
street contractors uncovered a ledge of
gold at Geary street and Central avenue.
The contractors hastily boarded up the
place :ind spent a week getting ready for
operations, for the rock was fairly yellow.
Then an p.ssnyer told them they had sul
phurets of iron.
Of course there have been all sorts of
and It naturally alarms the operator, who!
Immediately shouts as loudly as he can to
know if anything Is the matter. The!
subject Is .iust able to hear his voice, and
so raises his hand, a prearranged signal
that "all's well."
The plaster, through being mixed with
warm water, quickly hardens, and in the
course of about" five minutes the mold is
strong enough to be taken off. It has '
to be carefuly done, as the BUbject is |
generally so very eager to get a mouth
ful of fresh air once again. A slight tap
with the i.nnd is given to the two side
pieces, which relieves the joints made li
the thread. The top or central piece is
then lifted up and pulled slightly down
ward, BO as to withdraw the quills from
the nose as they come out with the mold. !
The sides are then taken off. Probably
some of the hair may hold the moid, but
With a little coaxing or by the insertion
of the scissors it can soon be removed.
quests for the buried treasures left by old
sea captains, et al., ana according to the
advice of spiritualists, old charts, etc.,
but they have nothing to do with mining.
Cinnabar or the ore of quicksilver has at
various times opened wide the eyes of
contractors and lot owners who did not
knr.w that there is any amount of cinna
bar through the Coast Range, but seldom
a deposit large enough to work.
But the story of the beach sands Is a
slightly different one. The beach sands
from Alaska to Patagonia show generally
traces of gold, but only here and there
are they concentrated so that they can
be worked profitably. Below the Cliff
Holism is such a place. The gold ia asso
ciated with black sand, or magnetic iron.
The gold has been washed down to the
sea by the ages of erosion of the very
low grade veins inland and beaten out
of the bluffs by the eternal hydraulic ope
rations of the waves.
One skillful with a pan can find "colors"
in nearly every pan washed along that
beach, but it is only strata of concen
trated black sand and gold buried a few
feet deep which ever pays to work m
siuic.s. For more than a generation
these sands have been worked at times.
The great day of the beach was in the
winter of 1883-84, when Mooneyville was
booming. A craze set in and over 200 men
took possession of ground, camped there
in picturesque array and made a redhot
mining camp. "Con" Mooney ran a little
resort near there and gave the camp its
name. Crowds went there daily, fakers
swarmed, the police were busy and all
sorts of "processes" for saving the gold
came to the front. A few made money
and many did not. The gold was fine and
hard to save. The winds would fill up an
excavation over night and so would the
breakers sometimes. When the richest
strata of black sand seemed worked out
operations ceased, but at times men have
returned and perhaps made wages.
So fine is this gold that Henry G. Hanks
has estimated that it takes 155,500 average
particles to make an ounce worth $18.
This gold is always in thin scales about
.0095 bi ,00884 of an inch in size. One com
pany of mlhera spent several hundred
dollars and secured $5 worth of gold alto
gether. YV. R. Farwell of Alameda Is now
Care must ho used to pot the oars out
without breaking either tho subject or
the mold. The ears are only taken on
the froni sides, cotton wool hems p
ai the back to prevent the plaster going
around. When removed t> le three pieces
>ire put together and plaster placed on
the exterior to hold and strengthen them.
Tho mold is now won washed and
soaped and then filled with freshly mixed
plaster. It rs beat to tnke it in the hands
rind sive It a sin?.- rotary motion so that
the plaster n;ay lie evenly on every side,
has quite set the mold Is
chipped oft with a mallet and chisel.
Througb being soaped it easily comes
away with the mask and leaves an exact
replica 6f the face.
As a rule the mold is taken from the
top of tin- forehead t<> the neck and
ri aches outwardly to the ears. When
taken ftom life a great deal drpends on
■ the quickness and dexterity of the opera
trying to organize another attempt t0
work the beach. It is likely that only a
great plant capable of working 500 or 100*
* cubic yards a day will ever make the ope
ration profitable.
• • •
The working of gold mines In th<» sand
hills is not a new thing. Mines were op
erated out there from thirty to forty-five
years ago.
In those days a mine must yield from
$30 to $100 a ton in order to be a good in
vestment. One man was known to Just
make a living with a yield of $30 The
best yielding of any on the peninsula was
said to be $20, the smallest $8.
Directly on the county line was isl
tacion mine, after the valley of the same
name, where it was situated. The site
was an old Indian burying ground, and
often In digging and blasting grewsomo
finds were made, not at all to the lik-
Ing of the laborers. It proved to be not
worth while in those days, but the own
ers kept at it. until the output milled 520.
It was then discarded as useless.
11. N. Tilden, the commission merchant,
tells of a mine on the Flint tract which
he now owns. This is situated half way
between Sutro's statue of liberty on the
Seventeenth street hill and the Affiliated
Colleges. Mr. Tilden says there is not
now and never was any gold found on the
land. According to his statement the
first rock which was taken out of the
shaft was washed in pans that had pre
viously had gold in them from a Mexican
mine.' "The result was beautiful, bin at the
second test not a trace of gold could bo
found.
Others tell a different story. They say
there is an abundance of the yellow metal
there and that Mr. Tilden has his rea
sons for not making too much of it at
present.
At least the late Adolph Sutro, who had
a national reputation as a mining expert,
died convinced of the presence of gold In
quantities from his wooded hill to the
ocean. He was constantly digging shafts
and tunneling into the mountain. There
is now an open shaft on the wooded hill
which he leased to some Mexicans. They
go down into the shaft by means of lad
ders and ropes and bring the rock up in
leather bags on their backs. Everything
is hard labor and they make a comfort
able living by this means.
In the year '63 Edward Ewald, an old
time politician, got a few men together
and organized a company. As he says,
they thought it was "the biggest thing
on earth." They dug a shaft ninety-five
feet deep on some land of Mr. Ewald's
and made a man nam.d Higgins the su
perintendent. Mr. Higgins was so op
timistically Inclined that they called tne
mine "Higgins Hope," but Hope produced
no more than $S or $9 to the ton. Mr.
Ewald was seen a few days ago coming
down the hill from the old spot with two
meal sacks filled with rock— presumably
on his way to an assayer's.
Still further on there were two shafts
sunk by a Mr. Burns and a Mr. Robinson
respectively. Then comes the mine
owned by Mr. English and Mr. Zammitt,
of which much has already been told and
still more remains for the earth to dfs
close. This mine Is situated on the edge
of what old-timers will remember as
Strawberry Island. At the present sea
son, in the midst of the wastes of sand,
this spot is carpeted with tne white blos
soms and beautiful green leaves of the
strawberry vine. Mr. Zammitt recently
discovered on his ground quartz in which
particles of gold were easily seen. It is
further down in the same ledge that
he and Mr. English are now at work.
Mr. Zammitt says It means million*,
and also asserts that he has another sur
prise on hand, the nature of which he
will no; divulge.
Right here is the last trace of gold un
til the ocean beach is reached, where
there is an immense deposit in the black
sand. It is lying idle, waiting for mod
ern machinery to separate it.
! tor, as many unpleasant If not serious
! results may occur through any laxity or
i carelessness on his part.
The finished mask sh<->wp the face In
repose, with the ryes closed, hut any
artist with a Httle skill would have no
difficulty in afterward working up the
eyes so as to make them appear as If
opened. When the subject has a '.'fnrd
I or heavy mustache it has to ho made Into
I a solid mass by the aid of vaseline or
j soft soap. An easier way in the case of
a beard is to cover it with tissue paper.
This prevents the plaster from sninjr into
■ the heard, and it comes away easily with
, the mold.
The whole process |g most interesting,
and the amateur, although hardly able to
take a mark of the human face, may
i most certainly cast a hand or foot or
• the head <>f ;: dog nr any ether animal
j after dea;h and get some very cur&us
I and practical results.
2324
Copyr!f, r htP<l, 1599, by Joel Chandler Harris.
SHE cold and gloomy weather brought by the east wind coon
cleared away, and the sun shone out bright and clear, with a
•warm breeze from the south, a reeze that brought out the vio
lets In great profusion. Still the place was not the same. The_ne
groes ceased theii songs, except Johnny Bapter, and even ne
didn't Blng as loudly nor as tantly as he used to. And they
ceased to wresi and play at night. It seemed that they had prob
lems to consider. They were not sure of their position; they had no
pody to advise them. Thej might have asked advice on the subject,
but freedom appeared to add to their shyness, and they refrained
from asking for any information or advice. Just why this should be
■o, nobody has discovered to this day. Some of the less fortunate
found strangers to give them advice and to make them promises that
vrere never to be redeemed; but on the Abercrombie place the negroes
■worked In the dark, as the saying is, except for Buch advice as the
rtrong common sense of Aaron was able to give them. They had the
Idea that, havii been made the object of what seemed to be a special
interposition of providence, they were to be sustained and maintained
In the came way.
Well, ar.yhuv. , the sun was shining brightly axid the air was warm.
The tools and instruments of war were following the courses of the
streams that plow seaward, and ture on the Abercrombie place had
forgotten nil about them But let the sun shine ever so brightly, the
children failed to find Mr. Thimblefinger, and no message came from
Mrs. Meadows.
It was noticed that Drusilla never Joined in the regrets that Buster
7cmes and Sweetest Susan expressed when day after day passed and
no Mr. Thimbleflngei came.
"I don't believe you care whether he comes or not," cried Sweetest
Strfai;.
Dnisflla shook her head. "I'd keer mightily ef he come," she said
frankly. "] done been down dar 'long wld 'im once, a>:d goodness knows
I don't wanter resk it no mo". Hit seem lak a Bkeery dream den, an'
I don't want no sech dream ter come ter me no mo.* "When folks git
bo dr.t water won't wet urn, dey better be gwine off to some yuther
oountry."
'•"What's the matter with you?" asked Buster John, brusquely.
"You better ax what de matter wid you-ail." exclaimed Drusllla.
"Dey ain't no thin' 'tall de matter wid me. But I'll say dis, when you
all see dat ar Mr. Thimbleflnger what his name is — you won't Fe»
me. Dats what. I'll sei here wld you twel he pop outen de water.,
and den I'll pop 'way fun; here. Ef I'm free, dafs whar my freedom
Pill shine out."
"Well, you went once," remonstrated 9w»ft»st Susan.
"Dat kind of doin's is like chills an' fever; you may have urn once,
bnt you don't want am twice."
"She'll go," said Buster John.
I'rusilla laughed. "I sholy will— 'way frum here. I don't see what
yen: all wanter fool wid dat kinder doln's fer. I'd lots druther see you
all berln 1 wid de Jaybirds. Dats bad nuff, but it's better*n reskin'
>•<>' life down und' dat spring. Ka. when you go down dar, dey ain't
no teliin' ef you gwrne ter cor: back 'live. En epozen 'twas ter cave
In on — yo' pa and yo' ma and your grandpa would be gwine 'roun*
here plum 'stracted an' dey never would e?<s hair ncr hide er you while
de worl' stan's. Uh-uh! I been down dar once, and at uz twice too
many. Dat are Mr. Fimblefinger kin pop up and pop down, but I
t-in'i trwiru? to pop v.id 'lrn. not l^ss'n I take leave er my senses."
Meanwhile, une afternoon when the bud was preparing to go to be«i,
and when the children were still expecting little Mr. Thimbleflnger'
they heard a voice calling from the big road, which was not far away
from the Bprtng:
"Hayo, dar folks! Will yo' dogs bite?" The voice was that of a
negro woman. Khe was driving a small ste«>r to a wagon, but had left
the vehicle on the side of the road and had come over the stile. She
*vas tall, and appeared to be about 10 years old. She had a countenance
that could smile, but its aspect was now serious, and her eye was
bright and keen.
"You all oughter know me." she cried as she enme up "dat Is ef
rve*ythir:g ain't been run outen yo' heads by de war-dosses and da
jßar- whoopers. "
"I knew you." cried Sweetest Susan; "It's Aunt Minervy Ann Per
jSue/*
"De same," assented Aunt Minervy Ann. "An' not de same nuther.
iKaza, I tell you, honeys, dey's a mighty change whar I live at. You
oin't seen Mara Tumlln Perdue go '■■ n§ bj de road, is you? Well, it's
Jest like 'im ter be stoppin' sinners on <ie road tal kin' politics. I b'iieve
dat man ud stop on de road and talk politics ef he knowed eve'y mlnlt
wtiz ter be de nex'. I hear tell," Aunt Minervy went on, "dat de Yan
kees sweep over you-alls place an' never tuck off a blessed thing "
The children confirmed this by saying that the troops not only
had. not carried anything off, but had driven two mules Into the cow
lot that didn't belong there. "It would be funny," Buster Jones
paid, "if the two mules should turn out to belong to Major Perdue.
LAJiyhow* coma of the negroes had said the mules belonged to the
kn&Jor/*
"You fee dat ]J1 steer out dar," exclaimed Aunt Mlnervy Ann;
f taln't much more dan a yearlln'; well, dat ar steer is de onllest four-
Itooted CTeetur dat dey lef at Perdue's; an' dey wouldn't 'a' left him ef
I hadn't a driv' 'lm in my house'an' kep' 'lm in dar whiles dem people
*ru« runoagin' 'roun' an' trampin' by. Dey shot de chickens ylt, an'
de turkeys, an' even down to jjuslin's; an' dey fair Btripped de sm'oke
'piaje an' de Bto room."
i "That's mighty funny," remarked Buster John.
"It may seem like hit's funny to you-all, honey," said Aunt Miner-
Jry*VLnn, "but 'taln't funny up dar, where we-all live at. Dey wouldn't
*£? done bo bad ef It hadn't 'a' been for Mars Tumlln. He went out,
lie did, time dey come in de yard, an' he cuss'd urn an' sass'd urn dcs
ibe long ez dey wuz a'er one un urn In sight. I tried to make signs fer
to maJie Mm hush, hut, shoo: his dander wuz up, and you dcs ez well
mak*» niens at a gatepost. He say he arwlne move ter town; an' when I
ex 'ixn whi we gwine live on, he 'low dat we can starve lots better in
town dan we kin in de country; an' I spec' dat so, kaze we won't be so
lonesome. Dey ain't a llvin" boul on dat place but me an' Marse
jTumlln, an' you' cousin Vallie and Hamp. All de niggers done gone,
kaee Whei dey come an' ujc Marse Tumlin what dey mus' do, he bin'
triad, 'lowed dey could all go to de ol' boy, an' be Janged. He say he
Comln' over here fer ter borry Bump'n ter eat; an' he better be comin'
{too, fer de day'll be gone fo' you know it."
"Yond'-r be Is bow," Bald Sweetest Susan. The children were well
acquaint. -d with Major Perdue H.e was not only kin to them In some
remote way. but h* was very Jolly company when in the humor— and
this was pretty much all the time; for although the major had a tem
per which ho took small pains to control, it was only on rare occasions
that he displayed It. li<- was in a fin.' humor now, for he cajne for
ward laughing and gave the children each a hearty smack.
Mm," Bald the tnujnr. "I thought I tnld you to curry that
fcorFo and plait his mane before you hitched him to the buggy "
"Yon did tell me dat," replied Mlnervy Ann. "an 1 I to!' you dat ef
you'd pit some hot water an 1 soap, an' wash de horn off his hald I'd
plait lioff> mane an' tall."
'I clean forgot It." the major declared. "TV'ell, you stay here and
talk to these chaps, and I'll call on Cousin Abenrombie and see if I
can't beg or borrow a few rations. When T want you, I'll call you, and
th'-n >"v c.-.n drive your carriage in .-it the Bide gate th^re."
■Aunt Mlnervy .Ann looked aft.«r the major and laughed. "I hope
THE SAX FIAKCISCO CALL, STTKTDAT, APRIL 16, 1899.
THE
ADVENTURES OF
"BRER RABBIT"
BRER RJJBBIT BpOUQHT INTO COUJ*T BY BRER FOX FOJ* STEALINQ HIS QOOBEJ^S.
Ol' Judpe Wolf tuck his seat on de high flatform an' put on his specs an' started ter readln' In a great big book. Dey
called de case, and Brei Fox tuck de stan' an' tol f his side; an' den Brer Rabbit got up an' tol' his side. Judge Wolf tuck off
his specs an' look at Brer Rabbit wld a broad grin. Den he ax Brer Fox how many goobers he had. an' Brer Fox say he dunno
how many, but dey must 'a 1 been a bushel. Judge Wolf ax 'im wher-'bouts he got urn. He say he got urn fum a man on
de river.
t> kk.' Jud f e ., W ° lf ' loW: <A man ° n de rtvpr! Wel1 ' * f dat de case you mußt >a> had B ° me Bho 'nuff.' Den he turn ter Brer
Rabbit an low: 'Brer Rabbit, you'll hatter pay Mm his goobers back when you dig yo' crap. p Brer Rabbit say he'll do de
best he kin.
"Judge Wolf say: 'How'll you have urn. Brer Fox, raw er parched?'
"Brer Fox holler out: 'Parched, parched :'
•'Judge Wolf 'low: Rrer Rabbit, when yo' dig yo 1 crap, save all de parched goobers fer Brer For.
'Brer Rabbit say he'll be mo' dan glad ter do bo, an' den dey 'journed de courthouse."
ter goodness," she said, as she sat down by the children, "I hope ter
goodness dat he wont say dat he want de vlttles cooked. Kaze ef he
done dat ltd put me in mm' er dat ol' tale my mammy usetor tell me."
"What tale was that I .'" Sweetest Susan asked.
"<th' you all done hear tell un it mo' times dan you been ter
chu'oh. You ain't never had ol' Remus to tell It; but dar Is dat ol'
A'on, an' ol' Fountain, an" Big Sal what dey been doln' all dls time ef
dey ain't never tol 1 jrou dat tale? Ef dey ain't got sense nun* for to tell
you all de tales dey is gwine, you better sic de dogs on urn an' run urn
off de place — ef you goi any dogs lef."
"Well, they don't tell us any tales," said Buster John, truly enough.
"Old Aunt Free Polly used to tell us some, but that's been so long ago
that we've forgotten th^m. You ought not to have said anything
about a tale If you didn't want to tell It."
Aunt Mlnervy Ann looked at the child and laughed. "Heyo, here!"
she exclaimed; "ef dey'a gwine ter be any BWellln' up an' glttln' mad,
I'll tell de tale, an" git away fum here dcs quick ez I kin. I ain't come,
ter dls place fer to git in no fuss."
The children composed themselves comfortably on the dead grass
and Aunt Minervy Ai.n told this story of
"BROTHER RABBIT AND THE GOOBERS."
"Way bark yonder." Bald Aunt Mln^rvy Ann, retylng her head
handkerchief, "de times wld de cratures wuz mighty much like dey
is wld folks now, speshully we-all up dar at de Perdue plantation. Dej
wuz hard times. I dlsremembr whedder dey had been a war and de
army awep' "loner, or whedder dey wuz a dry drought. Dey ain't much
dlffunce when craps fail.
"Well, anyhow de times wuz mighty hard. Vlttles wuz skacer dan
hen's tushes, an' dem what had it, hid It. An' ef dey didn't hide It, dey
stayed mighty close by It. or Brer Rabbit wuz In Jest as bad fix ez
any un urn, ef not wuss. Slick ez he wuz, he want slick miff for ter
git eump'n ter eat whar dey want none. De calamus patch gun out, all
de saplln's had been harked higher up dan Brer Rabbit kin reach, der
tater patches wuz empty, an' de pea vines wuz dry miff for to ketch
flre wldout any hep.
"So dar twuz. l,ike de common run er po" white folks, Brer Rabbit
had a big fam'ly. De young uns wuz constant a-cryln', 'Daddy! Dad
dy! Fetch me sump'n ter eat!' An' ol' Miss Rabbit wuz drlbblln' at de
mouf, she wuz dat hungry.
"OV Brer Rabbit wuz so mad kaze he can't git no vlttles nowhar
and nohow dat he kicked a cheer 'cross de room wld his hin" foot and
ekeered de young uns so dat dey flipped under de bed, an" dar dey
stayed twel der daddy wuz out er sight an' henrln".
'"Brer Rabbit knowed mighty well dat 'twain't gwlne ter do fer him
ter be settin 1 rmm' de house wid de Fam'ly dat hongry dat dey can't
skacely stan' 'lone. So he comb his hair, an* brush his hat, an" put on
his mlts fer ter keep de sun from frecklin' his han's, an' tuck down his
walkin" cane, an' put cut down de road fer ter see what he kin see, an'
hear what he kin hear."
At this point ihe children laughed. Sweetest flusan convulsively
and Kuster John more sedately, but still heartily. Aunt Mlnervy Ann
paused and regarded them with grave and inquiring eyes.
•What de matter now?" pho asked, solemnly. At this the children
laughed louder than ever. "Well!"' she cried, "ef you gwine to have
conniption fits, I'll wait twel dey pass off."
"Why, I was laughing because you said Brother Rabbit put on his
mlts to keep his hands from freckling," exclaimed Bußter John; and
Sweetest Sußan, when she could catch her breath, declared that she
was laughing for the same reason.
"You-all must be mighty ticklish," remarked Aunt Mlnervy Ann,
plucking at the dead grass. "I ain't sco nothin' funny in dat. You
nee'n't think dat rabbits is like dey uster be. Dey done had der day.
In dem times dey growed big and had lots er "sense, an' dey wuz
mighty keerful wid dey self. Hut dey done had der day. Folks* come
'long an' tuck der place, an' since den dey done dwindle 'way twel dey
aln't nothin' mo' dan runts, an" skacely dat. Folks holdin' de groun'
now, but how long dey ter hoi' it" How long fo' sump'in else'll
come 'long an' take folks' place? De time may be short er it may be
long, but It'll come— you mln' what 1 t.-ll you; an' when it do come,
folks'll dwindle 'way an' git ter be runts dea like de creeturs did, and
dcy'l] ferglt how ter talk so ev-ybody kin know what dey sayin".
".Look at de ere. tun! Why. de time wuz when dey could talk same
ez folks, but now dey can't hardly jabber, an' dey ain't nobody know
what dey sayin' 'cept dis here A'on you got here"— the children looked
at each other and smiled — "an' dat dun't do him ncr dem no good. Now
<i.s '■■/. de creetura is, de folks'll be when de time come — you mark my
word!"
"But all this time," remarked Buster John, slyly, "the rabbits In
tin tale are Huffering mightily for something to eat."
"Dats so, honey! I got bo much on my mm' dat I done clean fer
got 'bout de tale. I wuz thinkin' 'bout de time when we-all, white and
black, would he brung low. You'll hay to scuzen me. Bho. Well, den.
01' Krer Rabbit put on his mits and tuck down his walkin' cane, and
went promenadin' down de big road. Ef he met anybody, dey never
rould gu*-ss dat he wuz mighty nigh famished, kaze he walk dcs ez btg
gity ez if he dcs had de finest kinder dinner. He went on. smoothln'
down his mustaches, when who should he meet but Brer Fox, wld a
big basket on his arm.
" 'Whar you been. Brer Fox?'
" 'Lioungin' 'roun'. Whar you g~wine, Brer Rabbltf
" "Up hill rind down dale. What you got in yo' basket. Brer Fox?*
" 'Dcs pr hatful er goobers, Brer Rabbit.'
" 'Parched, Brer Fox?'
" 'Yes, indeedy, Brer Rabbit; parched good en brown.'
" 'No, I thank you, Brer Fox; none fer me. Ef dey wuz fresh an'
raw now, maybe I'd take some. But parched — my stomach won't
Btan" urn. M<>' dan dat, I dcs had a bait er groun' squir'l.'
" 'Now, Brer Rabbit was hankerin' arter de goobers so bad dat he
can't stan' still, an' when he say groun' squir'l. Brer Fox under jaw
drap an' gun ter trimble an' quiver. He say:
" 'Wuz he fat. Rrer Rabbit?'
" 'Fat ez a butter-ball, Brer Fox, but not too fat; dey wua plenty
er lean meat.'
" My gracious. Brer Rabbit! "Whar'd you git him?'
" 'Back up de road a piece. Brer Fox. A whole family un urn staya
dar.'
" 'Show me de place, Brer Rabbit; my ol" 'oman been hankerin' at
ter groun' squir'l fur do longest.'
" 'I'll show you. Brer Fox; but yo" claws longer'n mine, an' you'll
hatter do de grabblin'.'
"Brer Fox jaw shuck like he had a swamp chill. He 'low: 'You
nevpr is see nobody grabble, Brer Rabbit, twel you see me.'
" 'I'll stan' by, Brer Fox. an' see it well dnn^.'
"Now, Brer Rabbit did know whar dey wuz a burrow er some kin.
but he ain't know wedder It wuz a grrotm' squlrn er a wooAret «r a
hlghlan' moccasin. So he tuck Brer Fox up de big road a piece, an'
den dey struck out throo de woods. But fo dey start In de timber
Brer Rabbit 'low:
" 'You better hide yo' basket er goobers In de bushes. Brer IPox.
kaze it'll bother you ter tote it throo de bushea. I'll watch you grab
ble, an' I'll keep my eye on de basket.'
"So said, so done. Brer Fox sot de basket down in de bushes, an'
dey klvered it wid leaves and trash, and went on. Blmeby dey got t«v
de place whar Brer Rabbit say de fambly er de groun' squir'l live, axr
he show Brer Fox de mouf er de burrow. Brer Fox 'low:
" 'It'll be hard diggin, Brer Rabbit.'
" 'De harder de diggrin, Brer Fox, de bigger de crap. Dafa what
I hear urn say.'
"Wid dat Brer Fox shucked his coat an' roll up his shirt sleeve*
an' start ter diggln'. He made de dirt fly. Atter while he stop ter r««t
and 'low:
" 'Keep yo' eye on my goobers. Brer Rabbit; don't let nobody run
off wid urn;' an' den he sot in ter grabblin' agin.
" 'I'll watch urn. Brer Fox; don't make no doubt er dat.'
"Den Brer Rabbit run to whar de basket wuz, flung- de trash offn
it, tuck it off in de woods a little piece and emptied all de goobers out*n
It. Den he fill it up wid sticks and chips, mos' ter de top, an' on d*
trash he put a layer er goobers. Den he tuck it back and klvered It
like twuz at first, an' went ter whar Brer Fox wuz gr&bblln'. Brer
Fox Mow :
" You smell mighty strong er parched goobers. Brer Rabbit.*
" 'I don't doubt dat. Brer Fox; I lifted de lid er ds basket far tn
pee ef dey wuz all dar, an' de stench fum urn come mighty nigh knock
in' me down. Fer a minit er mo' I wuz dat weak an' sick I come
mighty nigh gwine home.'
"Well, Brer Fox he grabble and grabble twel he git tired er ffrab
blin', an' den he Mow dat he b'lleve he'll put off eatln* any groun'
squir'l twel some yuther day. Brer Rabbit say he kin do ez he pleasei
'bout dat; an' den dey went on back ter whar dey left de basket. Brej
Rabbit helt his nose an' lifted de lid an' looked in, an' 'low:
" 'Dey all dar. Brer Fox; you can look fo' yo'self.'
" 'I don't 'spute it. Brer Rabbit; I ain't say dey ain't all dar/
" IDat may be. Brer Fox, but I hear folks say you mighty s*p4dona,
an' I don't want nobody for ter be s'plcionin' er me.'
"Brer Fox Mow: 'Don't kick fo' you're spurred. Brer Rabbit.'
"Brer Rabbit say: 'De right kinder horse don't need no span In',
Brer Fox.'
"Well, Brer Fox picked up his basket an' went on home, axr* Brer
Rabbit he went de yuther way; but by de time Brer Fox git out ci
sight good, ol' Brer Rabbit run home an' git a basket an" run back
ter whar he done hid de goobers, an' 'twan't no time fo' he had urn all
at home, an' him an' his ol' 'oman an' de chillun had a reg'lar feastln'
time.'
"When Brer Fox foun' dat he had mo' trash dan goobers In hfi
basket, he was dat mad dat he could 'a' bit hisse'f; but he ain't let on.
He know dey ain't no use makin" no fuss, an' he know mighty well dai
he can't ketch Brer Rabbit; he done tried dat befo'.
"So dis time he went ter law 'bout it. He laid de case 'fo ol* Judgt
"Wolf, an' dey got out papers, an' sent de papers atter Brer Rabbit.
Well, dey want no gittin' 'roun' dat. Brer Rabbit had ter go; he wui
mighty skittish, but he knowed dat ef dey got de law on 'lm he won'l
have no peace in dat settlement. So he went ter court, an' dar h«
foun' a whole passel er de creeturs. When he got in, ol' Judge Woll
tuck his seat on (!•-> high rtatform an' put on his specs an' started tez
readin' in a great big book. Dey called de case, and Brer Fox tuck d«
stan' an' tol' his side; an' den Brer Rabbit got up an' tol' his side.
Judge Wolf tuck off his specs an' look at Brer Rabbit wid a broad
grin. Den he ax Brer Fox how many goobers he had, an' Brer Foi
say he dunno how in. my. but dey must 'a' been a bushel. Judge Woll
ax Mm wher-'bouts he got urn. He say he got urn fum a man on da
river.
"Judge Wolf 'low: 'A man in dp river! Well, ef dat de cam you
must 'a' had some sho 'nuff.' Den he turn ter Brer Rabbit an" 'low;
'Brer Rabbit, you'll hatter pay Mm his goobers back when you dig y&
crap.' Bier Rabbit say he'll do de best he kin.
"Judge Wolf say: 'Hqw'L you have urn, Brer Fox, raw er parched? l
"Brer Fox holler out: 'Parched, parched!'
"Judge Wolf 'low: 'Brer Rabbit, when yo' dig yo* crop, save all d«
parched goobers fer Brer Fox.'
"Brer Rabbit say he'll be mo' dan glad ter do bo, an' den dej
'Journed de courthouse."
"That's what I call stealing," said Sweetest Susan, emphatically,
as Aunt Mlnervy Ann paused.
There was silence for awhile, and then Aunt Mlnervy Ann »hoo»
her head and said: "Ef folks had 'a' done dat away 'twould 'a* be«n
Btealln', but de ereeturs — dey got ways er dey own, honey. Dey dunnc
right fum wrong, an' ef dey did 'twould be mighty bad for we-all. Oui
own hosscs 'ud kick us, and our own cows 'ud hook us forty times a
day. Dey wouldn't be no gittln' 'long wid urn de way dey er treated."
"That's so." said Buster John.
Just then Major Perdue came out Into the back pnrch of the blf
house and called Aunt Minervy Ann. It turned out that the two extra
mules in the lot did belong to the major. He borrowed some harnesi
and a wagon and drove it home full of provisions, and with a comfort
able sum of money which the children's grandfather had lent him.
Aunt Minervy Ann carried her cart back empty, but she didn't mind
that. The children rode with her a little piece, and as a result had a
very peculiar experience.
(Brer Rabbit's delightful adventures will be continued next Sunday.)5| PAGES
#25 to 32
SAVED THE LIVES OF SHIWRECKED SAILORS
HERIOSM OF THE THREE BRAVE CALIFORNIA WOMEN
...WHO DRAGGED THE EXHAUSTED MEN OUT THE KILLING BREAKERS
The steamer Chilkat was struck by a storm while going out of Eureka harbor an d turned turtle, Of the few sailors and passengers who escaped the disaster three of them owed thefr
lives to the heroic services of three women and a clergyman, who hastened to their assistance from the shore.
OX Tuesday, April 4, the steamer I
Chilkat was wrecked on Hum- I
boldt Bar and ten of those "n
board lost their lives. Rome of
those who were saved were
picked up in small boats from
creamers near by at the time. But
three Bayed who owe their
to the bravery of three
n and a man. ;
These four people have just made
( what happened on that ;
morning when they Bnatched three lives
from the jaws of death. Th-se have
lit "f the lighthouse records
ie sent t<> Washington at the
ongress with a re- j
quest that life-saving medals be
awarded.
Those who will most likely receive
medals ur>- Rev. P. E. Pete
Mrs. McLean, -Mrs. k. K. H tnnig and
Miss Shumway. That all deserve the
medals there can l» v no doubt, particu
larly Miss Shumway, who waded far
•to the raging surf and was b
• by the breakers in the effort to
a drowning man. In the end both
md h'-r charge were rescued by the
others.
Rev. P. E. Petersen is pastor of the
linavian M. E. Church of Eureka.
is bis stati rnent about the
saving of the seamen from the wreck
Chilkat:
Stories of t^e Life-Savers.
•'] had come to the life-saving station
on tin morning of the 4th of April for
the purpose of visiting ;■■ me of the surf
iji.-ii uiih whom 1 was acquainted.
I went to the station lookout to see
the steamers North Fork and Chilkat
cross oui t'» Bea, l saw th»- <■
k by a heavy breaker and heard a
number of whistles, but could not posi
tively nay how many. Saw the vessel
turning apparently out of h<-r course,
anil then heard Surfman Swanson say,
'There's something wrong. 1
"Whereupon I asked, "What will you
do if there la something wtongT
" 'Ring the alarm bell,' he said, and
he almost immediately ran downstairs
thai purpose, meeting the keeper
on the way to the bell and reporting:
tli" accident to him.
"Surfman McLean, who was near,
heard the report and reached the look
• > ' , s^ 3 OoocXICDCX3 c>< - : '^^ '.:'■'-,.. '...":■
out almost as soon as the keeper. The
: , upon seeing the condition of the
wnck. then on her beam ends, ordered
tip- lifeboal run nut and made ready
while he himßelf started for the light
house.
I saw th>> lifeboat run out by the
crew, vvh< I to launch her upon
the return of the keeper from the light
house. I then ran for the ocean beach,
where, soon after my arrival I was
I by Mrs. McLean and Miss Shum
way and a little lat r by Mrs. Hennig.
W< patrolled the beach for some dis.
abreast of where we saw the |
wreck out in the breakers.
"Wreckage booh began to make its
-rs and a
Ie lifeboal coming in first. We
looked Into the boal and found it
empty,
"Mrs. Hennig then called our atten
ELLEN M. HENROTIN WRITES ABOUT THE WOMEN'S CLUBS OF C ALIFORNIA.
Mrs. Ellen Honrotlri of Chieako, so well.knownas the organizer of tne Woman's
Congress which was hold in conjunction with the World's Fair in Chicago, was
In San Francisco las) week. She is on her way to attend the Parliament of Wo
mf-n, to be held at Salt Lake City.
I DO not think there i.« any stronger
movement in the organising of
women here than there is elsi -
where. I am not sure but what the
old New England States are in the
lead. Massachusetts, for its size,
has the largest number of club women
v state. Pennsylvania has almost
as. many. The clubs are mostly in the
hands of American women and arc
mosi flourishing where the population
la not too largely foreign.
Indeed it is true that women, club
women, and a woman not a club woman
is almost an unknown accident now,
are surely solving a great many prob
lems. We are doing it, though, in such
a quiet way that no one knows much
about it.
A woman earning her own living and
wife of a millionaire may be going
about the same work together. Catholic
or Protestant or Jewish women may be
all working together. Any one can see
the results.
SA^ FIiANCTSCO. SUNDAY, APKIL
tion to a man apparently sitting on
some wreckage and we all ran toward
him. 1 reached him first, by which
time he was lying down, having ap
parently gi\">i v]) al! efforts to help
himself. I took hold of him and
dragged him some distance on his bark
in the water. The women ran to help
me put him on his feet and in this po
sition we carried him to the shore.
From cold and exhaustion he was un
able 10 use his less.
"By this time we discovered a second
man coming in on some wreckage and
1 immediately turned to meet him, leav
ing the women to conduct the first man
to dry land. This man was a passenger
named J.lr. Mooser of Oakland. The
second man to whos'- assistance T uns
now goinc was Peter Johnson, the first
officer. He was very much exhausted
and when I reached him he had very
We are all about alike, but when we
stand behind our prejudices we never
have an opportunity of knowing each
other. The prejudices and sectarianism
are taken down more in women's clubs
than any place else.
"I have heard the argument made
that women's clubs interfere with
church work. I have never found it so.
I have always found the churches very
kind to the women's clubs. Many of
the clubs, particularly in the smaller
towns, were first originated right in
the church society. Where the club
takes up any charity work it invariably
does so because there is the need of
the work, and there is plenty of room
for the .churches and the clubs to do all
they desire/
Very rarely now does any one advance
the idea that the club woman is not a
good house woman because of her club
interests. We all know about club men,
but club women are just the reverse.
We have rest in our homes and go to
the club for stimulus. Any woman is a
better wife, a better mother, a better
sister for being a member of a live club
little wreckage to support him. His
head and shoulders only were above
v. ,it<-r. 1 took hold of him and was
joined immediately by Mrs. Hennig.
We dragged him toward tne shore.
'.'ln the meantime Mrs. Mi Lean and
Miss Shumwny had conducted their
man some distance above the water
line and taken off his life preserver.
Then Miss Shuinway returned to our
assistance while Mrs: McLean con
tinued with Mr. Mooser, supporting and
guiding him above high water to the
dry ?.-;nd.
"Miss Shumway now joined us and
helped us for some distance, when she
discovered a third man coming in
through the surf. She Imihediatly
struck out to his assistance, saying,
'You stay with this man. I'll go and
help the other man out there.'
"Mrs. Hennig and myself took Mr.
and being interested in club affairs. It
broadens her and widens her sympa
thies, and that is what women need.
But particularly in the West that is not
what the clubs were formed for. They
were formed for the good of the com
munity.
I have been often touched by letters
from small clubs out here in the. dis
tricts a"way from the. railroads. In dis
tricts which are settled by small ranch
ers, where the man does the outside
work and his wife does the work in the
house, and they bring up their families
to work with them. They are the typi
cal California country people, and they
are the ones California will hear from
some day.
I have in mind one club just now be
cause I have been corresponding with
its president. It has fifteen members
and all ranchers' wives. Some have to
go a good many miles to the club, but
they feel that the club is a great deal
to them. They take the smaller chil
dren to the club meeting and they dis
cuss all sorts of subjects. They recount
their experiences in contrivances to
save work in rearing children, in sew
ing, in butter making, in caring for'
fruit, raising chickens and vegetables.
They have the reports from mothers'
IG, 1 899.
Johnson to the shore while Miss Shum
way waded out into the surf, which
waa at this time very rough.
"We had our man on the beach just
above the Avater line and on turning
we saw Miss Shumway had been
knocked off her feet by wreckage. She
had gone to the assistance of Fireman
Hansen further out into the surf than
We had ventured.
"I ran to her assistance, and on
reaching her found that she had taken
hojd of the man and was trying to keep
him from sliding off the wreckage on
which he was lying.
"I then took hold of the man with
her and being soon joined by Mrs. Mc-
Lean we altogether brought the half
drowned man to the shore.
"Immediately upon the discovery of
the first man Mrs. Mr-Lean had sent her
little girl Alta to the station for brandy
meetings all over the world and know
what other women are doing in the
lines that, interest them.
Discussing such topics occupies one
half of the time, the other half is eiven
over to study. This particular club is
studying the history of the United
States and reading American litera
ture. It is almost the only social life
those women have. Before the club
was formed months and months would
go by and those women would not be
off their ranch nor have an idea beyond
their daily routine work. Such dead
level monotony and grind drives the
farmer's -wife crazy.
We interest ourselves in everything
which affects women. The servant eirl
problem, the girls in stores and their
employers, the jails, the reformatories,
all art and the appearance and con
dition of the city.
I have been exceedingly interested in
the California Club here in San Fran
cisco. It is sure to become a great fac
tor in the civic life here. I wish I had
more time to become better acquainted
with its workings, but I know what
lines they are working on. They are
going about their work very slowly
and conservatively and very quietly, but
so much the more surely. It is a large
club already, although only a year
and a line. Soon after all three men.
were landed I saw Mrs; McLean start
with Mr. Mooser across the sand hills
toward the life-saving station, a dis
tance of about a mile. "Miss Shumway
and myself followed as soon as we had
convinced ourselves that no more men
were in sight as far as we could see.
"Thinking that the condition of the
two men remaining on the beach re
quired immediate attention, I assisted
them on their feet and started also to
lead them toward the life-saving sta
tion. Being very large men and very
weak, 1 had to support them nearly all
the way and made but slow progress
through the sandhills.
"Not very far from the beach we met
little Alta McLean returning with a
bottle of brandy. I gave the men some.
Although they objected to it at first,
they were considerably revived by it.
old, and has so many strong, active'
workers. The work is so well organized
that every separate worker has the in
fluence and moral support of the whole
600 members and so can accomplish
just so much the more.
Influence? Well, when it is really
undorstood that the women of the
whole United States are organizing and
educating themselves and standing as
one woman for what we want, I think
we can accomplish anything we set
about. We will have to stick to our
own natural life work. We do not
■want to do men's work nor to interfere
with them. We have our own work,
and it has pone undone long enough.
England, Germany, Russia, France,
Holland, Italy, Australia, every coun
try in the Caucasian world has felt
this woman's club movement.
The Red Cross was one of the first
women's clubs to make itself felt. Flor
ence Nightingale beean the work and
see what it has grown to!
When women organize as we are do
ing and take in the homes of all the
world Ye can do anything we set out
to do. We have only begun to organ
ize and to realize our force for good.
If, we keep within our own sphere of
usefulness we can accomplish any
thing.
t PAGES U
&\ 25 to 82 I?
P\ ___ — r
"Once more we began our journey
toward the station, and were soon met
by Mrs. Nelson, wife of Surfman Nor
man Nelson, who had procured the.
rope and was on her way to the beach.
She joined us in helping, the men to
ward the station.
"We finally reached the station,
where we were met by Mrs. Phelps,
who showed us into the kitchen, where
active steps had been taken for the care
of the shipwrecked men. We stayed at
the station assisting- Mrs. Phelps and
Mrs. Swanson in taking the wet cloth
ing off the men and wrapping them in
warm blankets, after which ■ Mrs: Mc-
Lean and myself returned to the ocean
beach, where we learned from -Mrs.
Hennig that no more bodies had coma
ashore.
• • •
. Mrs. McLean's statement is as foU
lows:
"I have heard read the Rev. Mr.
Petersen's statement and concur with!
all he said up to the time I started
with Mr. Mooser to the station. I soon
met my daughter, - Alta. with tha
brandy, of which I gave Mr. Mooser a,
drink." Although the brandy seemed to
' revive him somewhat he was very
weak, staggering continually and fall-«
ing several times. The last time he fell
it was only with the greatest of exer-.
tion on my part that I succeeded in get*
ting him on his feet.
"Just outside the station gate I met
Mrs. Swanson, wife of Surfman Swan
son. I asked her to take him into tha
station kitchen, and then I started back:
again to" the beach.
. "When about half way there I met
Rev. Petersen, Miss Shumway and Mrs.
Nelson with the other two shipwrecked
men. I took Mrs. Nelson's place byj
First Officer Johnson's side, while Mrs.
Nelson hurried to the beach with the
rope. The rest of my experience is the
same as related by Mr. Petersen in his
statement.
• • •
Miss Lillian Shumway and Mrs. R.
E. Hennig signed statements that con*
cur with Rev. Mr. Petersen's.
• * *
In the written report of D. E. Hughes,
assistant engineer, in local charge of
improvement work at the entrance to
Humboldt Bay, he says: "Those who
rescued the three men on North Spit
ventured so far out that they seemed
to me considerably knocked about by
eeas and wreckage."26
SOCIETY has donned festal attire I
during the past seven days and
has gone a round of luncheons,
dinners and card parties anl
has paid loyal tribute 1 to both !
Terpsichore and Hymen.
Several pretty weddings took place last J
■week. On Monday Miss Bessie B. Brooks, :
daughter of Harrison Brooks, paying tel- |
ler of the Nevada Bank, was married to '
George W. Rosekrans,' son of the late j
H. Roseki^Lns, and nephew of the late
General w. S. Rosekrans. On Tuesday j
occurred the nuptials of Miss Susie Hall ;
and George E. Bennett and on Wednes- |
day the marriage of Miss Freda Ortman
and Dr. Shumate was solemnized.
• .* •'
The present week holds two weddings of
Interest. One is the marriage of Miss
Louise Finch and Louis C. Ralston of
Oakland, the ceremony to take place next
Tuesday at the First Congregational
Church in Ithaca, N\ V., the' home of the
bride.
Another wedding of note will be that
of Miss Gertrude Campbell and Dr. David
Bhumak'er, which will be solemnized next j
"Wednesday at the home of the bride's
parents In Oakland.
Other entertainments on t a tapis for
the week are the ball to be given on Mon
day evening at Golden Gate Hall by tne
committees in charge of the gingerbread
fete; the luncheon to be given on Tuesday
at the Piedmont clubhouse, at which Mrs.
Minor Goodall, Mrs. William Morris and
Mrs. Frank Brown of Oakland will enter
tain the members of the Cosmos Club;
the reception which the California Society
of the Sons of the American Revolution
■will give in honor of the Daughters of
the American Revolution, at which PreaJ
dent and Mrs. Horace Davis will be as
eisted In receiving by a committee of
twenty young ladies and gentlemen from
the two orders, and the reception which
Mr. and Mrs, F. M. Smith will give on the
fame evening at their home, "Aroor
Villa," in East Oakland. Over a thousand
Invitations have been issued for this last
affair.
Then on Friday night the young men
who have been members of the Friday
Fortnightly Club during the winter wili
give a dance at Lunt's Hall complimen
tary to the patronesses of the club.
The closing party of the season of this
very popular club took place Friday even-
Ing. The guests were received by Mrs
Monroe Salisbury, Mrs. Gordon Bland
ing, Mrs. Mountford S. Wilson Mrs
Charles Josselyn, Mrs. L. L. Baker Mrs.
Charles Page Mrs. J. B. Crockett and
Mrs. W. L Kip.
•• * •
B. Frank Hall, a prominent clubman
of .New York, who has been making a
brief visit in this city, was the guest of
honor last Tuesday evening at a charm-
Ing ainner given by Colonel and Mrs. Os
car I . Long at their home In Piedmont.
The others entertained were: Mi. and
Mrs. Mark L. Reaua, Mr. and Mrs. Clin
tfifl fViorVr.oc'Si.^/'" xY^r'v*, o ,,^"'^'^
Hutchinson, Miss Baldwin. Miss ' Belle
Mhoon. Miss Glascock, Major Sydney
Cloman, U. S. A.; Dr. Herbert M"otlitt
Mr: Pringle, William Magee, Mr. Baldwin
and Captain March.
•• • •
The engagement of Miss Belle Mhbon,
daughter of Major John B. Mhoon, to
\\ llliam Magee of Fruitvale was an
nounced last Thursday at a tea given by i
Miss Amy McKee at her home in Oak
land.
A very unique and Interesting affair was
the Italian dinner given recently by Mr
and Mrs. Mark L. Gerstle to some inti
mate friends and distinguished visitors
from abroad. There were twenty guests,
and they met In a private dining room of
en Italian restaurant, which was su
perbly decorated with gTeens and flowers
and the flags of all nations, the Italian
colors predominating. Appropriate mv- I
sic was played throughout the dinner, I
The .menu was written entirely In Italian
end attached to each one with rlbUons of
the Italian colors was a novel souvenir in
the form of a miniature package of spa
ghetti.
• • •
Mrs. F. G. Sanborn gave an elaborate I
luncheon at the University Club on Tues- |
day, complimentary to Mrs. Ellen Hen- j
rotin, ex-president of the General Federa
tion of Women's Clubs. The large oval- j
shaped table was artistically decorated
■with a wealth of golden-hued eschscholt- !
zias.
Those Invited by Mrs. Sanborn to meet !
Mrs. Henrotin were: Mrs. A. S. Morrison '
Mrs. John F. Swift, Mrs. P. B. Cornwall,
Mrs. Mary W: Kincaid, Mrs. Dorville Lib
by, Mrs. A. A. Sargent. Mrs. Horace Da- i
vis, Mrs. James Dunn, Miss Anna Beaver, ;
Mrs. I. M. Lowenberg, Mme. Paget, Mrs
Henry C. Bunker, Mrs. A. W. Bishop,
Mrs. John Bakewell, Mrs. E. Llewellyn. :
Mrs. Henry L. Dodge, Mrs. J. C. Stubbs
rs V A. S. Frank Mrs. A. B. Butler, Mrs.
}T* I v, l l'- kart Mrß George Law Smith, I
Mrs. F. N. Woods. Mrs. W. S. Wood, Mrs.
Charles \\ood. Mrs. Jame? Goewev, Mrs. ;
£• #• Ye Mrs - M - L "ie-glns, Mrs. W.
B Carr, Mrs. L. L. Dunbar, Mrs. Frank
H. Powers M lrs «, W -, B - Harrington. Mrs.
John F. Merrill. Mrs. Josephine de
Greaver Mrs. G. J. Bucknall, Mrs. Joseph
L. -Moody Mrs - M J. McDonald, Mrs.
« harles Slack, Mrs. L s - Belcher Mrs. ;
John M. Chretien. Mrs. J. R. Loosley, Mrs. I
A. G 8 00t iJ Mrs. William Manning. Miss I
»nJ ?™X V lv f h SI Mrs ' Henry Gibbons
and Mrs. Frank Symmes.
• • •
The largest tea of the week was given ■
by Mrs. Edward A. Belcher on Tuesday *
afternoon at her residence, 2030 Scott
at™ v 5 e as ass}sted in receiving by
Mrs. E B Young, Miss Ethel Creagh
Miss Gertrude Goewey, Miss Eleanor
Wood Miss Florence Ives. Miss GertrSde
hurch and Miss Marie Voohies crtruae ,
Dr and Mrs. Isaac Jones gave a dinner
at the Bohemian Club Thursday evening
in honor of Mrs. F. L. Whitney, found"?
ari . d ex-presld<-nt of tne Forum Club
in«Jh S i a Smedberg was hostess at a
luncheon last Friday at her home on
Larkln street at which Miss Edith Owens,
v.ho is here from the East on a brief
vißit, was the guest of honor.
• • •
i A . very delightful luncheon was rlrea
last Tuesday by Mrs. John M. Cun-irg
ham at her residence. 2529 Pacific avenue >
H«r^ or Q° f M ,V S - itelaw Reid and Mrs."
Harold Sewall. Those Invited to meet
them were: Mrs. J. Downey Harvey Mrs
Timothy >? opk , in^ Mrs C. P. Eels.' Mrs!
J.R K. Nuttall, Mrs. A. M. Easton, Mrs
A Chesebrough, Mrs. R. p. Schwerin.
Mrs. J^mfe A. Robinson. M!BS Dillon and ;
Miss Mamie Kohl. i
• o •
Mr. and Mrs. Claronce Martin Mann
gave a d ner T> P rt ? to Hon - and
Sirs. E '.^ B. Pond last evening at !
their residence, 3414 Washington street
The center of the table was pret- !
tily decorated with a miniature lake j
framed In La France roses and illumi
nated with small electric light bulbs
Those invited to meet Mr. and Mrs
Pond were: Mr. and Mrs. John F Merrill
Mr. and Mrs. John D. McKee, Mr TnK
Mrs. John Spruance, Mr. and Mrs. E T '
Allen , Mr. and Mrs. Gordon StolD Mr !
and Mrs. John A. Phillips. Mrs. James I
Mcc, Miss Genevieve Mee. Miss Nora Mr>
Neil. W.PWhlttlcr,. Captain Charles
Nelson, Ilavid Bagley, Thomas H. Dow
ling and H. V. Mann of Chicago.
■• ■ • '■-.. » ■ •
The Misses Morrison, who have been
visiting Mrs. James Pheian, have re
turned to their home in San Jose.
Miss Alma Robinson is at present visit-' i
Ing her aunt. Mrs. Jarboe, at her home
in Santa Cruz. • "
Mr. and Mrs. William K. Vanderbilt Jr.
have gone to Newport, where they will i
finish their honeymoon. .. - ... ..:
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Whitely are the i
guests of Mrs. Portetis at her home in
Ross Valley.
Mr. ami Mrs. Thomas Watson have re
tuinoi to their cottage at San Mateo,
after spending a few days trout-fishing
on San Gregorlo Creek.
•• ■ •
Miss Helen Stubbs and Miss Mary
Stubbs, daughters of J. C. Stubbs, will ar
rive in New York May 26 from South
ampton. They will be met by their
father, who will accompany them to their
borne in this city. They have been ab
sent a year and a half, during which
time they have been traveling in Europe.
The Misses Marshall have arrived from
the East and have joined their parents,
Colonel and Mrs. J. M. Marshall, at the
Presidio.
Major and Mrs. Groesback hava re
turned alter a prolonged absence In the
East and are at the Hotel Pleasanton.
Harry M. Giilig sailed from New York
for Paris April 5.
Mrs. Henry T. Scott and Miss Mary
Scott, who have been abroad during the
past four months, have returned to San
Francisco. They were accompanied from
New York by Mr. Scott, who went East
to meet them.
• • •
Mrp. Samuel G. Murphy Is visiting Mrs.
James Wyatt Gates at the tatter's home
in Santa Kusa.
Miss Laura Van Wyck Is the guest of
Miss Laura Jordan at her home on Wil
lamette Heights, Portland. Or.
Edward M. Greenway is traveling In
Montana and Utah and will return to this
city in about two weeks.
• • •
Colonel Alexander G. Hawes left re
cently for the City of Mexico, where he
expects to remain for several weeks.
Captain C. L. Bent, U. S. A., ami Mrs.
Bent have departed for Fort Brady,
Mich., where t: | . :; If now sta
:. They were accompanied by Mrs.
Bents mother, Mrs. Emellc Cohen of Ala
meda.
Lieutenant J. C. Cantwell and Mrs.
Cantw'i!. who was formerly Miss Flor-
Godley, arrived from the Ea*a early
in the week and are stopping at the Hotel ;
Wellesley. Mrs. Cantwell will receive
with her mother, Mrs. Montgomery ('■< il
ley, on Thursdays at her home, ISIS Sac
ram< nto s=tr< et.
Miss Berntce Landers of San Leandro,
who is at preSi at ;n Honolulu, expects
to leave there soon f>>r Japan, with the
Oakland, who are now in the
Islands.
Mis. Albert Kingsford and Miss Claire
Kingsforu left yesterday afternoon
lor Ntw York City to attend the \\«.i
ding of Miss Felice Kmsrsfurd and
Thomas Canton Mitchell.
• * *
Mr. and Mr?. A. I*. Gianinni, who have
been visiting in the south, have returned
on account of the illness of their littii
Lloyd.
The engagement i= announced of Miss
Belle Honigsberg to J. A. Helneberg.
A very party was given by.
Miss Rose hinsey at her borne, 535 Post
street, last Friday evening. Games. -
and dancing wen enjoyed during the
evening, after which supper was serv< ■'■■
Among thoj I were Mr. and Mrs.
11. Harter, Mr. and Mrs. p. J. Keser, Mr.
and Mrs. Clarence Schneider. .Nils.- Rose
ergusoti, iHisa cuyth Hore, ->i.ss iazzio
Fossey, Miss Annie Kinsey.Mlss Agues
Sparrow,, Cyril Holt, George Fossey.
Harry Fossey, Hay den Simmons Frea
Keser, Donald Platt and William May of
Spokane.
A reception was given last Wednesday
evening in honor ot Dr. S. J. Call at the j
home of Miss LJllie M. Ingargiola at 1124 !
Bush street. The evening's, entertainment i
included songs by Dr. S. J. Call, Airs. W.
A. Lampe, and Miss Gertrude Van Dyne;
piano solos by Professor Emil Sielnegger
and Miss Mary M. Brown; recitation by
Miss Sadie DeaJy. The guests were: Mrs.
R. Holmes. Mrs. Dentlor. Mrs. W. A.
I^ampe, Mrs. C. Baker, Mrs. Van Dyne, j
Mrs. Boem, Mrs. J. Nounnaß, Mrs. Davis, !
Mrs. Kinkey. Miss E. Anderson. Miss May
Donohue. Miss Pearl Baraco. Miss Sadie
Dealy, Miss A. Rogers, the Misses Anna
and Lulu Dentter, the Misses Dallie and
Cora Baker. Miss Gertrude Van Dyne,
Miss Mary M. Brown, Miss LUlle M." In
gargioia, Dr. S. J. Call, colonel A. C. Bar
ry, James Finlayson, Professor Emil '
Steinegger. Dr. J. C. Stir.son, Mr. Rose, I
Mr. Kinkoy, Alfred Anderson. C. Baraco, i
T. Ronalds and Andrew B^k<r.
Frank Johnson, Eugene McClellan,
Isaac and George Charette, officers of the
battleship lowa, were entertained last
Friday evening at tlv borne of Mr. an i
Mrs. William D. Keystone at 1118 Bus:;
street. Among those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. Warn M. Smith. Mr. and Mrs. A.
WinzelDUrger, Mrs. li. Clay Miller, Miss i
Miller, Miss Scott, Miss Pestner and Miss
Eleanor O'Brien.
A very pretty wedding was that of Miss .
Dole M. Sewell and John D. McGilvray
Jr., which was celebrated at the Church !
of the Advent April "i. The bride's gown
was white satin trimmed with pearls an !
mousseline de sole. The veil was caught
back with a diamond sunburst, the gift
r.f the groom's father. Miss. Ada Emilie
Tracey was maid of honor. She wore a
dainty frock of yellow silk net over yel
low taffeta,
Mr. and Mrs. McGilvray spent a few
days in Los Angeles before starting for
Mexico, where they will make their home.
Last Friday afternoon a delightful sail
around the bay on the Government tug
McDowell was enjoyed by the following ;
party, chaperoned by Mrs. A. Hoffman: i
The Misses Marie and Juliet Bertaud. >
Miss Minnie Died»rich, Miss Birdie |
Bourne. Miss Battle Diederlch, Miss Ma- |
rlon Henr.essy, Miss Lizzie Sloan, Misa
Mayme McMahon and Miss Lucy Hot- :
lowe; Edward Page, Leonard Wallace, [
Percy Harris, Everette Lamb. Roy Parm-^
lee, Earl Parker, Franklin Morse, H. B. j
Meyer of Kalamazoo. Mich., and Hon. J.
P. Bourne of Honolulu.
Mrs. Charles Oswald Butler (nee Flsch
beck) has returned from her pouthcrn j
tri]) and will be at her home. 1217 Mason i
street, the first and third Tuesdays of '
each month.
Miss Helena Morgenstern, who has!
been visiting friends, nas returned to her j
home in Vacaville.
Mrp. L. Livinaßt«n« of . l.'lO O'Farrell
street celebrated the seventy-first anni
versary of her birth on Monday by giving
an elaborate luncheon to the intnaies of
the Jewish Old Ladies'. Home on Lomb
ard street. Those seated at tables were:
The entire board of directors, the I
. lan, Dr. E. M. Weiss; Mrs. L. Liv
ne, Mrs. B. Levy. Mrt. V. H. M> rz
bach, Mr. and Mrs. B. Livingstone K>-v -
Dr. Nieto, Mr. anfl Mrs. M. Asher, Mrs. I
H. Davis, Mrs. F. Kaufman, Mrs. I. ()p-j
penhelmer. Mr. and Mrs. If. Olcorteh, Mr.
and Mrs. H. Lewis, Mis 3 li. Livingstone,
Mrs. Berfiner, David and Lawrence Levy,
Mrs. H. Goldatone. Miss R iU.senthal, S.
Bernstein, Mrs. Mathlas Meyer. Mrs. D.
Newhouse, Mrs. Rothschild and Mrs. i
Prirlge.
A very pleasant surprise party wu
given to Miss Kate Rehm on Monday
evening. Among the guests were: Miss
Kate Rehm, Miss Kate Dolan, Miss Kittle
Jennings, Miss Lizzie Rehm, Miss The
resa Mercy, Miss May Skinner, Miss I
Emma Beckmann, Miss Geslna Beck
mann. Miss Clara Rehm, Miss Julia
Gantner, Mrs. Carrie Gantner, Miss Liz
zie Monroe, and J. Kelly. J. Rehm. Mr
Sagehom, H. Monroe. >Ir. Hilderbrand I
H. Crosfield, F. Walker. C. Rehm. A.'
Weber. Charles Gantner and Mr. Rehm. !
A delightful party waa given last Wed
nesday by Mr. and Mrs. Charles Aubry
at their residence, 141 Jersey street in
honor of the eighteenth birthday of their
eldest daughter. Miss Elsie Aubry. The
young lady was the recipient of many '
valuable presents. The vocal and instru- I
mental portion of the evening entertain
ment was furnished principally by the
Orpheus Glee Club. Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Aubry, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Btanley
Mr. and Mrs. E. Schmitt, Mr. and Mrp' ;
F. Rutter. Miss Elitle Hale, Miss Birdie !
Stanley. Miss Millie JSchmitt, Miss Maud i
Schendell, Miss Jennie Williamson, Miss*
Alice Helms. Miss Lulu de Gonge, Miss
May Murdock. Miss Nellie Newman Miss
Sadi© Dor©, Miss Lulu Derbaum, M.iss j
THE JAN FTJANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1899.
Millie Mlttlestead, Miss Grace Kelly, Miss
Alice Fancette, the Misses Hazel and Ida
Aubry, Mlsa Litzle Warden, Miss Pauline
Grant. A. W. de Gonge, Robert Fulton,
F. Martin, C. Martin, C. Stanley, OUle
Stanley, James Williamson, "W. Sehen
dell, J. Gillfeather, P. Martin. E. Ha
veltre. O. Groves, F. Short, Hartley Ulls
worth, G. Carson, W. Miller, R.- Paresin
C. Valeria, S. J. Sandy, E. Aubry, L. Col
lins, J. Low, F. Drake, W. Short, C. Mar
tin, 11. Nelson, W. Malley and H. Fergu
son.
The cli-'glne -winter party and german
of the Cotillon Club of '99 was held at
St'eiman & Clay Hall on Friday evening-,
April 7. It was a brilliant affair. A new
and striking: figure of the german wna in
troduced and led by Bernard P. Gleason.
Mrs. Walter J-tabart Compared With the Famous "Qibsorx Qirl," the !
Ideal of Or\e of the Jvjpzs of /\mericar\ Beautvj.
Among those in the first set were: .Toprp).
P. Lavin and Miss Daisy Pabst, Robert
E. M. Gleason and Miss Minnie Strehl,
Russell Boyd Howe and Miss Hat tie Hen
rix. Robert Schord and Miss Mac New
man, Leslie Coggins and Mis,-; Edith Nich
ols, Bruce Large and Miss Florence Mc-
Coy, Edward Healy and Miss M. Scheutt.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Rose Atteii to Nathan Abrams. They will
receive their friends Sunday. April 16.
at Miss Attell's resilience. 255 Thin! Btreet.
The engagement is announced of Jacob
Kahn and Miss Carrie L. Pluto. They will
be pleased to receive their friends on Sun-
SHOULD MARRIED WOMEN
FOLLOW PROFESSIONAL CAREERS
N dealing conscientiously with so-
Iclal subjects one finds that it Is un
satisfactory to generalize, and dif
ficult to discriminate. The differ
ence between a right and a wrong
conclusion is sometimes so trifling
that It may easily be overlooked even
by a careful expert; yet the conse
| quence of making mistakes In these
! matters may mean the wrecking of
many lives— which places a heavy re
sponsibility on all who venture to ex
press positive opinions. I would have
no dogmatism. What is good for to
day may be bad for to-morrow. 1
would arrive at the truth.
You may say that I am taking my-
Belf too seriously. In serious matters
people cannot take themselves too seri
ously. The simplest expression is open
to misinterpretation; the most idle
ejaculation is capable of influencing.
Shelley said, "Alas! we know not what
we do when we speak words!" Thought
creates thought, opinion forms opinion;
aqd suggestion is the active agent al
ways at work- to move our impulses.
I always feel that this particular
question of married women and profes
sions 1b one to be agonized over. "It
all depends," is the answer, so far aa
I am able to judge of it. It is essen
tially a matter of circumstances alter
ing cases. Personally I have no doubt
|as to what Is the ideal life for the
average married woman. She can have
nothing better than a good husband
and ample leisure for her household
duties. When she is so happy as to
have children, they must be her
primary consideration.
The influences brought to bear upon
a child in the first few years of its life
are so all-important that no woman
worthy of her sex would leave It to the
care of others except under pressure of
cruel necessity. There are unfor
tunately some abnormal women who
have, as It were, no aptitude for
motherhood, and the best thing that
can happen to their children is to be
brought up by better hearts; but such
wvmen are the exception
SOCIETY
I day, April 16, from 2 to 5 p. m., at the
| residence of Mr. and Mrs. J. Magnln, 2476
Bush street.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Michael announce the
engagement of their daughter, Miss Ethel
Michael, to Aaron Al Lewis.
The engagement is announced of C. J.
Auger and Miss Hattie T. de Lyons.
The eleventh anniversary ball of the
: Arlon Yerein will take place Saturday,
April 22, at the rooms, 414 Pine street.
The marriage of Oliver S. Hobart of
Weaverville, a well-known mining man
of Trinity County, Cal. , and Mrs. Lizzie
Forbes Holmen of San Francisco, daugh
ter of the late John Forbes, will take
place in the early part of May.
1 Hesperian Parlor No. 137, N. 8. O. W.,
I and Las Lomas Parlor No. 72, N. D. G.
; W.. will give an antiquated entertain
ment and social next Friday evening at
Mission. Parlor Hall, Seventeenth street,
abo\ •■ Valencia.
The Easter festival of the Sunday
school of the First English Lutheran
Church will take rkice in the lower hall
of the church on the evenings of April
: 22
Miss Josephine Xunan of Jacksonville
•>;-■ . and Donald Russell of Glasgow,
Scotland, were married by the Rev J
Flood In the presence of "a few friends
at the iatter's residence April 9. They will
By Sarah Grand,
Author o" -The Heavenly Twins."
They are people who have been per
verted themselves, for the most part, by
uncongenial homes. Among thorn are
many who recognize the defect of their
nature, and do their best to remedy it
by securing women more generously
endowed to bring: up their children; in
this way they do their duty to the best
of their ability, and, having done it,
feel themselves at liberty to follow
special pursultp.
As wives and mothers I should count
these women failures, and should say
that they are quite entitled to try
something else. Let them take up law,
literature, medicine or art if. they like.
Any honorable profession should be
open to them. But if they are affluent
and no necessity constrains them to
make money, any attempt to do so
should be discountenanced for the sake
of those who must work to live.
It is argued, I know, that a woman
may make her household excellently
and follow a profession as well. Many
women do. But it seems to me that the
question is not so much what women
can do when they are driven to it, but
what they ought in fairness to be asked
to do. If you take marriage from the
lowest standpoint, that of a profession
in itself, you will lind yourself forced
to corrsider the strain of following two
professions at the same time. No man
is ever expected to do so. This is one
of the great causes of complaint that
women have had. that if they do any
thing they are expected to do every
thing. Numbers have attempted the
task — borne the children, brought them
up, administered the household and
made the money — each and every duty
was punctually performel: but how
many such women, and of those how
many that were not utter wrecks, have
survived to old age? I tried for many
years to combine housekeeping and lit
erary pursuits, and managed both, but
at infinite cost. My health, household
and literary work all suffered; and it
was not until circumstances put it in
my power to give myself entirely to lit
erature that I succeeded. Versatile
people are usually amateur in every
thing. There are, of course, extraor
dinary exceptions, but then one can
not reason from the exceptions.
The question of professions for mar
spend a few weeks In Denver, Colo., and
other places.
Owing to unavoidable circumstances the
last dance of t^e Third Thursday Club
which was to have been held In the Su
preme Court building: on the 20th inst. has
been postponed.
The Lockwood Gotillon Club will give
its next entertainment, assembly and ger
man at Golden Gate Hall on Friday even
in?, April 28.
The Deux Temps will give its fourth
monthly ball at Golden Gate Hall Thurs
day evening, April 20. A. Shoenfelt will
act as floor manager.
Mrs. N. Ohlahdt and Miss Tillle Ohlandt
have arrived at Paso Robleß Springs for
a four weeks' stay. On their return to the
rifd women is usually a question of
means, although when money Is sorely
wanted thore can be no real question in
the matter— the one of the family who
can make It must make It. And there
fore when one is asked, should married
women follow professions? one is forced
to allow that it depends, and fain to
add, not if they can help it. But if it
be the woman who must work, let her
have her chance as the men would have
— let her. go to her work unhampered
by other cares.
The fairest division of labor in the
social system is for the husband to
make the money and the wife to make
the home; if she does that well she
will have enough to do. And this ar
rangement need not entail the suppres
sion of any great gift. In bygone days
women of extraordinary talent were
condemned, for no crime but their sex
to do plain needlework, which might
just as well have been done for them,
by women of no talent at all; that was 1
a waste of good material for whicli
there can rarely be any necessity.
Home is the woman's sphere used to
mean that life began and ended there,
in a round of amateur performances
and the suppression of all that was in
dividual in everybody.
In P^rance, where it is the rule for
married women to work, the children
undoubtedly suffer—suffer grievously.
I have studied the subject on the spot,
and been forced to the conclusion that
when there are children they should be
the first consideration, and the parents
are both bound to sacrifice themselves
for their good. Exactly what will be
for the good of the children will often
be a very nice question, and it is es
sentially one of those upon which it
is impossible to lay down any hard and
fast rules. But being conscientious and
unselfish will be found a .great help
when it becomes necessary to axrive at
a decision in the matter.
A woman should have the same
chance in the professions as a man
But a woman's work about the house
is never ending; the care of a child
the. sweetest of professions, and that
woman is neglectful of her best inter
ests who goes out into the world to
work when she can get a nice man to do
the work for her.
city they will occupy their new home at
the corner cf Fell and Steiner streets.
H. W. Palmer and wife of Nelson. B. C,
ar» visiting friends in this city. ,„„,,
Miss Lena Jonas has moved from 1310V2
Ellis street to 623 Turk street, near van
Ness avenue. _ 
Mrs. Therese Magnin of 1226 Golden
Gate avpnue will be at home to her
friends on Wednesday, April 19, prior to
her departure for Europe.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Marks, nee Ham
burger, have returned from their soutn
ern trip, and will be pleased to see their
friends on Sunday afternoon, April 16, at
their residence, 1455 Buchanan street.
Miss Lily Hesser of Centervllle left yes
terday for New Orleans to attend the
wedding: of her cousin, Miss Israel, and
L. Bloch. From there she •will go to visit
relatives in Cincinnati and New York,
and will return to California in the fall.
Among the guests at Duncan Springs
are: Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Parsons, J. King,
E. F. Owens, of San Francisco; Mr. and
Mrs. R. Thornton of Healdsburg, and Mr.
and Mrs. Williamson and family of Hop
land.
Mr. and Mrs. LegTO of Santa Rosa have
returned to their home after having spent
several weeks at the springs.
Recent arrivals at Highland Springs
were: F. A. Marriott, San Francisco;
Grant Fitzgibbons, Toronto; Mrs. L. J.
Lewis, San Farncisco; James A. Delahay,
Baltimbre; Mrs. W. B. Collier, San Fran
clsco; Miss M. Henderson, Eureka; C. \V.
Hubhard and wife, San Francisco; Mrs.
C. Mullhone, Oakland; Mrs. M. R. Craig,
Ran Francisco; M. R. Burton, Erie' Pa.;
Mrs. F. Doud and children, Ban Fran
cisco; J. Ross Mayer, Erie, Pa.; A. E.
North, San Francisco; F. N. Loring,
Lakeport; Mrs. B. M. Doud and chil
dren. San Francisco; H. N. Elliott,
Ukiah; Miss Kate Lyon, San Francisco:
R. F. Kerr and wife, Los Gatos; John
Granella, San Francisco; George Waite,
Big Valley; James Bond, San Francisco.
Following is the list of arrivals at Fa
raieo Springs for the last two weeks:
Miss C. Phelps Stokes, New York; Miss
V. L. Mitchell, West Virginia; Mips L.
Johnson, New York; Charles Jennings,
Santa Barbara; Marguerite Dennehy, New
York; L. D. Voice. Oakland; W. H. Cam
eron, San Francisco; J. McDonald, San
Francisco; Mrs. M. Wilier, San Fran
cisco; R. R. Ritchie, San Francisco;
J. M. Taylof, San Francisco; H. E. Jones.
King City; R. C. Jewell, San Francisco;
F. E. Fuller, Soledad; M. L. Sullivan,
San Francisco; J. A. Yoell. San Jose:
John Kay, San Jose; J. B. Scott, Sali
nas; F. J. Veen, San Francises; Percy
Golc'.stone, San Francisco; L. Pevany and
daughter. San Francisco; W. H. Revcr,
San Francisco; Miss Edith Knowlton. San
Francisco; L. Sanborn. Watsonvlllo: J.
B. Reinhardt, San Francisco; C. T.
Romie. Monte Carlo, and W. P. Madsen,
Watsonville.
■ ♦ ■ ■
The Judge (sternly)— The next person
who interrupts will be expelled from the
courtroom.
The Prisoner (enthusiastically)— Ho
oray!
Jumer's Retort
The recent discovery of Turner's first
exhibited picture has set poms a Turner
story that has not been spoiled by much
tellinp.
An art patron one day came into Turn
er's studio when the artist was already
famous. H« looked at a picture and ask
ed what was the price. The artist named
the sum ho had set upon it.
"What!" exclaimed the buyer, "all
those golden sovereigns for so much
paint!"
"Oh." replied Turner, "Ifs paint you
are buying? I thoughl it WSJ pictures.
Here," producing a half-used tube of
color, "I'll let you b,av« that cheap; make
your own terms," and turning hla back
on the astonished patron, he went on
painting.- Youth's Companion.
Ella Wkeeier Wilcox
As a Qirl.
ELLA WHEELER WILCOX— Who T4l
ever thinks of calling her "Mrs."?—
■ known to fame as the Poetess of
, Passion before she was out of her
teens, Js still as merry and light
hearted as she was when a girl in Mil
waukee, when she danced and sang her
way into the hearts of those it pleased
her to call friends.
Ella Wheeler was ' born in. Johnstown.
Center, Wis., and obtained her education
in the public schools and at the State Uni
versity at Madison. After her graduation
and release from the irksome environ
ments of class rooms she was thrown on
her own resources and often she burned
the midnight oil penning crude bits of
verse and more ambitious prose with
which she often unsuccessfully sought a
market. Fate, spurred on by ambition,
caused her to take up her residence in
Milwaukee. There she found a home with.
Mrs. W. H. Radway, who at a ripe age is
passing her declining days in peace and
happiness at Banning, Los Angeles Coun
ty, Cal. She danced, sang and romped
with Mrs. Radway's children, one of •
whom, W. C. Hathaway, is a resident of
Kansas City and an employe of the Ride
nour-Baker Grocery Company.
"I well remember Ella," sad Mr. Hath
away recently. "She was like a sunbeam
in our home. She was always so happy,
so buoyant and so obliging. Never did
a cross word pass her lips and in her eyes
was always to- be seen the glint of merri
ment and good fellowship. She was self
reliant without being assertive; had the
courage of her convictions without being
demonstrative; was quick .at repartee,,
which never had the semblance of a sting, '
and possessed a heart that overflowed <■■
with the milk of human kindness. We
all loved her as one of the family, and to
this day she is as a daughter to my dear
old mother. Often Ella has seized me and
has danced around the house with me un
til our strength would no longer permit us
to go further. Song came from her lips
like poetic pearlß have Bince dropped from
the point of her pen and as an impromptu
versifier I do not believe this country haa
ever .produced her equal. She was In great
demand at church fairs and other chari
table entertainments. Her subjects were
always chosen for her and often I have
known her to wait until only a few hours
separated her from her appearance be
fore sh© wrote her contribution. Even in
those early days she gave evidence of the
virility and sentiment that have marked
her writings during the past twenty years
and many of her productions found their
way Into magazines and newspapers and
later into volume collections.
••In 1884 Ella married Robert M. Wllcox
of Meriden, Conn., and since then I have
not seen much of her. But notwithstand
ing that fame has laureated her and that
as the author of 'Poemß of Passion' and
'Poems- of Pleasure,' she has among her
friends people of world-wide celebrity, she
has not forgotten the friends of her child
hood. To her my mother was always May
and recently she found time to write a
few verses which are indicative of her
lovely nature and which Bhe dedicated to
and sent to my mother. I have a copy of
them, which has never before been pub
lished. It Is this:
There* a cunning: little woman
And but few know half her charms.
Shea the plumpest, whitest shoulder*
• And such rounded taper arms.
She's such dainty little fingers
And her feet they are so small " <S
I sometimes sit and wonder y
How she Greta about at all. '
Her hair— l can't describe It!
■'Tisn't gold, or brown, or red. - "
Sometimes the ekies are colored
Like the curls upon her head.
If the gold of California . ' ,
Could be made to blush, I guess
'Twould exactly show the color
' Of each silken, curling tress.
. Tou can hear her singing— singinc—
From the break of dawn till night.
And you'd think a flock of thrushes
■\Vere somewhere out of sight.
And if any one is gloomy—
Or cross, or blue, or grim
Tou just want to bring him hither
And have her laugh for him.
AH the bells of Kt. James chiminr,
All the cymbals ever rung,
All the brooks that ever rippled,
... All the birds .that ever sunc,
Tou would say were at a discount —
Or together gave but half
The melody and muElc
. Of this little woman' » laugh.
She has been for years a Mn.
But it seems absurd to say
Such a word to such a mischief.
And so we call her— May.
The years are passing o.'er her.
But the head of "blushing gold
Nods defiance at their changes,
And they cannot make her old.
If Father Time should meet her,
I know he'd scowl and frown
•VThen he saw how she denes him—
- But she'd laugh his anper down.
And If he'd try to scold her
She'd take away his staff
| And go waltzing round the veteran
To the music of her laugh.
She has her cares and troublee,
As everybody must;
But she" laughs so much about them
That they leave her in diFgust.
She laughs about the weather, •
When it rains and when It snows, . 1
She lauphs because it's muddy— "^
And she laughs because It blow*.
She is worth four hundred doctors—
To banish pains and aches. •
She sets her patients laughing-,
And disease goes off In shakes.
Are you sick or are you solemn-
Are you gloomy, are you blueT
Then you only need come hither
And have May lau^h for you.
« » ■
/\ Spring Yozm.
THE FIRST OF THE YEAIt.
Glad ab I that sprit? has cub;
good the little bees will hub,
' Add the robids id the tree
Will be sigETier sojrgs to be.
; Sood the blopsobs will appear
: Od the libbs both far add dear,
! Add the dad.dy!iods gold
j Sood will cover all the wold.
Sood the huckster id the street
Will be heard id accedts sweet,
Telllg: you. add tcllig be,
Of the ripe red strawberrie.
Add the truckbed with their vadd
Filled with chairs add fryier-pads,
Abhlo up add dowd the way
All the dight add all the day.
Gedtle sprig, oh gedtle spri*:
Let the gladsobe church bells rig;
Let the wnole glad earth rejoice
Id wud high uplifted voice.
Welcobts: you back asald
: your warbth add gedtle raid.
'Tls a Übe Of perfect ;
i Whed wud cad live od yer 8e like this.
I Add, rs id the dnys of yore.
Work this sabe old sap "wudce bore.
—Harper's. i
— » ♦ . — .
; Tarantula Jim (who has been away)—
It.l Bilious E»ete die a natural death*
A.lkall ike fwho stayed at home)— Yep;
. lynched for hcs.3 stealln".— Lifecrprr^. AUASOLS are receiving "more
PS are receiving Tn.ire
attention allott< ■!
y-z-^y to them In planning the outfit
for the summer conquests. When
I- 1 an artist paints a portrait lie Is
not Indifferent about the back
ground, lie works i?i olors that will
harmonize with and bring out to the host
advantage the tints of the hair and com-
I'!'\i"n. My lady has learned the trick,
and now selects her parasol with as care
ful regard for color as she. does her gown,
and. In fact, her parasol is n necessary
part of the toilet when tli.' lighter
gowns are donned md the sun's warmer
rays sift down through the budding
branches of the trees.
In parasols there Is shown the same
Fcalloped and mdulattng effect that there
1h in gowns.
The variety of parasols is unlimited and
the materials used are so dainty and
Fh.-er that they look like bits of iched
clouds.
A fteh white parasol has a handsome
design of black lace applied and a ruftlo
of white chiffon trimmed with black lace
poes around the edge: he handle is of
■white wood finished with a black owl's
head with diamond eyes.
.Another of white silk is ered with
n large meshed white silk net dotted with
large dots of black chenille and .shed
with a full pleated ruille of the net. The
handle is of ebony, limshed with a chick
en's head:
A puik silk parasol has a cover of pink
am! "white satin striped gauze, with ruffles
of the gauze around the edge. The han
dle of this has a light brown chicken's
head with jewel eyes and brtght red comb.
One of yellow silk is covered with white
Faun-siripcct gauze, with narrow pleated
ruilles of yellow gauze. The handle is of
white wuod. witn a gold and enameled
ball at the end.
An all-white parasol is of white silk.
•with ehenille-dotud hite net cover, with
l>leat»ngs of dotted net.
Pale green silk is fresh and spring-like
and is covered with cream chition with
applique medallions in green silk em
broidery, ami the ruffles of cream chiffon
are ■. mbroiderod in grt-en silk. The han
dle c.f white wood curves to form a swan's
head.
Some exceedingly pretty parasols are
in white silk, with two rows of bright
silk embroidery; one row near the edge
and the other -quite near the top.
Very many eat parasols are shown in
black and white, in ne checks and
l.laids. Black i nd white Btrip< s, which
are more showy, are much used. One
pretty conceit "in the white and black
parasols is the scattering of a few
large "brocaded flowers in delicate tints
over them.
Pink and white, Wue and white, green
and white and brown and tan checks
nre all shown. Black or blue silk para-
Bols have shaded yellow satin plaids.
Seme very rich black covers have nar
row satin stripes forming large
squires, with plain or carved wood han
dles finished Ith an animal's or fowls
head. - _,
There is a perfect rage for the handle
decorated with liie head of bird or
Least, and ivompn are having reai gems
set into them for eyes.
A decidedly practical idea in parasols.
designed to ko with the linen outing suit.
i? made of brown linen embroidered in
dark brown or tite. And there are
bright-colored striped linens also.
tly in for their share
. the summer dress
ried assortment dis
• 1 in the shops Bignines an> thing.
f narrow ribbons—
■ ■ • : i Inged and lace edged,
with a' gathering cord on one or
Bides all ready to hp drawn into tne
■.1 ■ h employed. Narrow,
• sat'n ribbon 1 rills are quite as lav
..; n tl ■■ organdie gowns as they
■ :y on the plain
the ribbon is of
It is the wide ribbons,
lay all the beauties
: n in shadowy flowered pat
• . : . and
embroidered flowers scattered over
rface The fringed and lace
allj effective, and with em
urieties an- set forth as the
eltles of the season.
ruffle ribbons that are overflowing
ters will he taken full ad
trimming summer muslins
■ es. They come In plaids, in
! in plain colors, some with
wer edge, some with a lacellke.
and all are beautiful. Rowb and
of these ribbons on a plain skirt, or
to many narrow ruffles, will be
way of using them.
The new Roman blue is a very beautiful
That color. It appears among
French wools in ladies 1 cloth, drap
B ran cloth, vicuna, camel's
sionally am<-<ng the corded
and trimming velvety. Tts color Is
effectively brought out, hpwever.
i: the costly brocades and matelasse
■! Bilks. It is entirely without
c lights, and has no hard metallic
j bj night or nay.
Many of the new "dress" sleeves on
Paris gnwns have the upper portion made
of one fabric and the long, close forearm
j>firt of .in entirely different material,
v.hich on thin evening toilets or models
for summer wear is shaped exactly like
n long mitt. A gown of spangled Chantllly
net, made up over rose-colored moire, has
the upper ]>nrt of the sleeve of this tex
tile, the •r<-'nrm portion of fine Venetian
lace, p. deep ilnt of which reaches up
over the not - ... above the elbow and
down in iff style well over the hand,
covering the fingers to the knuckles.
» • *
A Paris fashion letter says that white
In house pawns is one of the fads of the
season. In cloth, silk and velvet white
house . wns are being ordered by the
lenders of fashion, while white corduroy
find velveteen dressing: gowns, lined
throughout with delicate tinted satins, are
many and exquisite. A white corduroy
dressing gown i-s lined with shell pink
F.itin. with swansdown edging the neck
and each side of the front. The piwn Is
tied nt the neck and waist with strings of
violet tinted scarfs, in very sheer silk.
This robe is In the trousseau of a bride.
A rming' whli house gown Is an otto
nwn doth; trimmed with silver and em
erald embroidery. The skirt is double
i.'md mmcd. The bodice has n full
blouse front of surah.. with a fine tracery
'■f silver threads. ■ ildered frills top
the sleeves and ernbrold< red stoles go
down each sido of the front from the
shoulders. Frills of white tulle are at
th«> nrrk and wrists. The collar is I
draped one of Ilk, with a full bow at the
1 ack.
• . «
Fishnet veilings thout any spots at all
nTe sail to bo the latest novelty and are
r<<-omm<-nded for Ing cooler than the
dntt<d veiling for summer wear.
Floral boas are one of the novelties for
Fummer reekwenr. They are made of ros*;
leaves and leaves of gathered gauze
The new artificial flowers are made of
v< lv< t and Kauzr>.
, • ; - . • •
T? T was Lady Aberdeen who organized
the Irish Industries Association, and
■i :• a Association, and
it by- extensive orders Introduced various
' kinds of Irish lace in quarters where
jireviously it had been unknown, says the
New York Tribune. At the World's Fair
tt Chicago over flve hundred pounds"
worth: i f orders were executed for this
thlbition of one kind of lace only (Kins
dale). At the textile exhibition of last
year In Dublin the lacework was perhaps
the most remarkable exhibit. -•.
The "queen of Irish laces," the Irish
point. is made only In the south of Ire
land. Who, looking at this exquisite,
fiimsv fabric, would associate it with few
Jeweled Parasols Are the Swagger Thing Now.
ipale, poverty-stricken children, gathered
finto a convent school in the terrible
+ years of the famine (1547-50). to he taught
f fine needlework as a resource against
I starvation?
I Yet such was the beginning of th's cost-
Ily and artistic product. A nun conceived
the idea of pullinK apart a piece of point
'^de Milan, carefully unraveling and ex-
amlnlng the Italian work, stitch by
'stitch. When she discovered the secret
* of its making she selected those of the
convent children who had displayed an
i> aptitude for needlework and patiently
I taught them what she had just learned.
But the lace to-day is not simply an imi
! tation of the model; -with time and prac
t tice jome hundred new stitches have been
i invented, and these are so complicated
♦ that it Is almost Impossible to rip them.
©This lace, which looks light as gossamer,
has great durability, and grows more val
uable with the lapse of time.
.Rose point runs the Irish point of the
south a very close Becond. The origin of
this delicate fabric as an Industry also
dates from that terrible famine -time In
Irish history.
« • •
Dress reformers and physical culturlats
were Jubilant over their success in teach
ing New York women the healthfutness
of short skirts and heavy shoes, when in
stepped Dame Fashion and upset all
their well-laid plans.
This arbitrary rule declares that short
skirts must go and in their place must
enmp '.ong. clinging affairs, trailing on
the streets behind the wearers and sweep
ing up all stray microbes and germs.
The newest gown for spring wear is the
Princess, and this not only means that
the wearer must sweep up the streets, but
she must also don a long, heavily boned
corset, which Is In reality only an in-
rument of torture.
• • •
Res -Time Sor\g.
The Sandman comes with his old gray
sack.
Filled with dust for the little one*
eyes;
He sifts it out with a lavish hand
And he hushes the baby's eriee.
The Sandman clasps in his wrinkled palm
The BOft hands of my baby so fair.
And baby"s frolic gives place to calm
As he yields to the Sandman's care.
The Sandman beckons the flying dreams,
Bids the sweetest and fairest to stay. •
And angels watch o'er that baby's rest
Till the dawn of the glad, new day.
"Nid-nod," he whispers to baby dear.
Baby knows well what he means;
The white lids droop o'er the eyes so blu«
And they're off to the land of dreams.
— Pearson's Weekly.
■ ♦ ■ .
His Quass.
"If I were a man." she fiercely cried,
"Do you know what I would do?"
"You'd stop sometimes," the wretch re
plied,
"And thus let me explain my side
With at least a word or two."
—Chicago News,
Bachelors Are Useful.
Somebody with a grudge against the In
dispensable bachelor— perhaps a design
ing maiden— writes mf- as follows:
"Dear Madam: "When will you com
mence a series of letters concerning: the
Tse and Abuse of the Bachelor,' espe
cially the artistic abuse of the bachelor
sycophant, which may result in the elim
ination of the species?"
It would be an irreparable loss to elim
inate the bachelor from society. He is al
ways useful and often ornamental.
When the charming widow or attractive
belle Is visiting, her hostess depends upon
the bachelor to render the dinner or the
theater party a success.
College boys do very well at dancing
parties and widowers at whist, but no
body can take the bachelor's place at the
dinner table or In the theater box. He
is of greater value than the table decora
tions or the opera glasses.
A single man is always an object of
Interest to an unmarried woman. If he
has a reputation for being wholly invul
nerable to woman's charms she is all the
more pleased with him. If he is called a
dangerous flirt she is fascinated with the
thought of subjecting herself to his hyp
notic spell.
If he Is merely a fashionable beau she
likes to disport him as she would a mod
ish wrap.
If he is a desirable catch she likes to
bait her hook and try her powers.
In fact, there is scarcely any phase of
the bachelor which has not its interest for
unmarried women.
Next to the doctor and the pastor he Is
a great convenience and comfort as a lis
tener to the married woman who feela
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APEIL lfi, 1899.
she Is "not understood" by her husband.
Not the married flirt, who tries to fas
cinate him nnd lead him into loving her,
but the good-liearted, if somewhat weak
headed wife, who likes to confide her lit
tle woes and sorrows to some sympathet
ic ear and to be t«>ld that she is the very
lest little wife in the world, and, by
Jove, he's going to give Charlie a piece
of his mind for not being more appri ■> la
Exercise as an Aid to Beauty.
IF all you girls who are fretting be
cause your arms are not as round as
you fancy nature intended them to be,
and whose poor necks look like an
animated bag of bones, will just start
In and devote ten minutes night and
morning to the simple exercises that I am
g.>lng to tell you about you will be
amazed at the end of three months to
fi;i<! that the throat has developed a most
pleasing plumpness and that the arms
have become as round and nymmetrieal as
a healthy baby's. "Three months!" did I
hear some one exclaim? Surely you have
neglected these things all your life, and
when nature could not do anything more
for you it succumbed.
So now It will take weeks of diligent ef-
J^E NEW "EEL-lIQ^J" QOWNS YROfA P/^IS.
tlve. Of course, such friendship treads
on dangerous ground. But it sometimes
escapes suing beyond the danger line and
results in nothing more than a source of
solace to an oversensitive mind.
Just how the bachelor behaves himself
in other men's homes depends almost en
tirely upon the men's wives, and daugh
ters.
He usually follows their lead.
By Mme. Hygda.
fort on your part to make up what you
have lost, and then, in order to keep it
you will have to attend to it as regularly
as you do to your bathing.
Really, the reason why women are not
as well developed physically as they
should be is simply because they are such
a lazy lot. There! put that in your pipes
'and smoke it. \\ c fuss and fume over
dressmakers, milliners and hairdressers to
make ourselves presentable and neglect
the very first principles of healtn, youth
and beauty— why? Simply and solely, as
1 said before, because we are lazy.
There are a couple of splendid gymna
siums here for women where they can
learn to perform on the trapeze and bars,
to vault and tumble, the same as their
husbands and brothers do, and you would
be surprised at the: diligence a few
months of tills sort of exercise will make
in a woman. The physical development
is so marked and the complexions so
brightened by the exercise that after a
short time some of the most puny ones
are scarcely recognizable. Fencing,
swimming arid swinging Indian clubs are
all taught In these gymnasiums, and are
especially excellent for developing the
muscles of the arms and increasing the
breadth and depth of the chest and shoul
ders The active motion of the arms and
lxtdv increases the entire circulation and
develops the muscles of the nether limbs
as well.
However. If you do not care to go to the
' trouble or expense of going to a gymna
sium you can swing your Indian clubs
and go through your exercises at home in
your own little room.
" One of the very best exercises for de
veloping the muscles of the upper part
of the arm is to lie flat on the floor, face
downward, and raise the body on the
palms of the hands, as shown in the illus
tration. Remain potsed for half a min
ute and then lower the body slowly until
it is again recumbent. Repeat this eight
or ten times night and morning. This ex
ercise will also have a wonderfully
strengthening effect upon the muscles of
I would no more abolish the bachelor
than I would the umbrella because it
sitneiimes breaks in a gale, or a bicycle
because it sometimes leads to accidents.
All three depend greatly upon how they
are bandied. . .
Tax the bacheldt to help support home
less women, but do not suppress him. —
Ella Wheeler Wilcox in New York Even
ing World.
the back and. those between the shoulders.
For the thin and scrawny neck, the thin
nesa of which is frequently the result of
high collars, the following exercise will
be found beneficial:
First of all, assume a perfectly erect
position; place the hands on the hips and
then throw the head backward and for
ward ten or fifteen times— not violently,
but slowly and gently, as far front and as
far back as it will go each way. Then
move the head in the same way from side
to side the same number of timos. After
this twist the head around, describing a
perfect curve, first one way and then the
other ten or fifteen times. This will make
you dizzy; it may nauseate you until you
have become accustomed to it; but don't
you carp. Just (lose your eyes while you
are doing it and picture to yourselves the
beautiful round throat that a few months
of this exercise will bring to you. You
will be repaid, I am sure. Try it and see.
* % •
I am going to give the formula for or
ange flower skin food once more to-day.
It has been printed so many times in
this department that I hope all of you
who have asked for it will cut it out and
take care of it. so that I will not have
to repeat it again for a long time.
ORANGE FLOWER SKIN FOOD:
Spermaceti.!, one-half ounce. 1
Refined white wax. one-half ounce.
Sweet almond oil, one ounce.
Lanolin, one ounce.
("nroanut nil, one ounce.
Pimple tincture benzoin, ten drops.
Orange flower water, one ounce.
Melt the first five ingredients in a por
celain kettle. Take from the fire and add
the benzoin and the orange flower water,
beating it with an egg-beater until cold.
Answers to Correspondents.
L.UISA— As you did not Inclose a stamp
in your letter I could not send you the
address you asked.
KATIE D.— lf superfluous hair is re
moved by any process save the electric
EXERGISES FOR DEVELOP^ THE MUSCLES OF UfPEJR ARJ^I.
» c . lf.v, which ls the only method by'
which the root can be killed, it is bound
to return and is more than likely to come
in coarser than it was before If the
growth ls too abundant to be removed by
the electric needle, then I know of noth
ing better to suggest than to stand pa
tiently before the mirror and pluck out
each hair, If it takes a month. Grasp.
th£ tweezers firmly, give a straight, stilt
pull and the root of the hair will come
too. Then rub powdered pumlcestone
over th" place until the skin is tender '
After that give it a bath of weak alum
water, and as soon as it can bear it a
wash of pure lemon iuice. This is rather
severe treatment and will leave the skin
irritated for a time, but is really the most
efficacious method I can suggest. How
ever, the difficulty with the treatment is
that' unless you happen to extract the'
root of the hair it will break and scat
ter, and two or three hairs will come in
place of the one removed. The hftlrs arel
very likely to become coarser after using
the pumicestone, and its use has to be
continued, just as a man has to contin
ually shave himself. I really think it is
much better to let superfluous hair alone,
unless it Is very dark, when, by using
the peroxide of hydrogen, the hair N
made lighter and thus lrss perceptible.
MALHEUHEUX— I have a brand new
recipe for freckles that may bring hnppf
ness to you, cherie. I; is this: s lak forty
grains of whole j;i;m tragacanlh in- seven
ounces i.f rosewater for two duys. !■ ■•
until the lumps disappear, then add -half
an ounce of glycerin, one-half ounce of
alcohol, one dram of boracic acid and one
hair' dram pulverized alum. Dissolve
these last two ingredients In a
little hot water and mix with
alcohp! and glycerin before adding
to the jelly. Perfume, and, if too thick.
thin witli a little warm water. When
those bothersome little pimples come on
your nose treat th> m just as you hove
been treating them; also touch them with
a little listertne diluted in three thries na
much boiling water. Now. I would like
to say all sorts of nice thins? to you, in
reply to your very flattering little letter.
but, alas! there arc so many waiting -for
answers to their questions that 1 needs
must hurry along and make each reply
as brief as possible. One thing- T must
say. though, and that is that I am sure
you are a very dear little girl to know
and that we would lie the best of friends.
Now. write to me again, Mignonne. and
si^n yourself "Joyeuse" or something less
doleful than your present signature.
ADELINE ItrsSKi.l.— There really is
nothing that you can put on your hair to
darken it but a dye, and I should not r.d
vise you to attempt to use anything of
the kind yourself. If you will send me a
stamped addressed envelope I .will send
you the name of some one who does that
sort of work ami who will not use any
thing on your hair that can possibly in
lure it.
ADALJNE— I think you will find the fol
lowing cucumber milk exactly wbat you
wish in the way of a lotion. It is delight
ful:
Oil of sweet almonds. 2 ounce?.
Fresh cucumber juice (boiled). 10 ounces.
White castile soap, one-auarter ounce.
dissolved in 3 ounces of essence of cu
cumbers and 38 drops of simple tincture
iif benzoin.
The .luice is got by boiling the cucum
bers in a little water, the essence by mix-,
ing the juice thus obtained with equal
parts of alcohol. Cut the cucumbers En I ■
thin slices, neither peeling nor removing
Hi- seeds and pour on lust enough v. ■ r
to start them to cooking. When they are
soft an'i mushy it is time to remove them.
Strain first through a line sieve and then
through a cloth. A large botth — a gallon
one— comes in very handy when making
this lotion, as it must be shaken a great
Seal. Put first in the bottle one and a
half ounces of alchohol and one and a half
iunces of cucumber juice. Then you I
i-our essence. Add to this your ensfile
soa"p and let it stand for several hours,
tvhen the soap should be entirely dis
jolved. The pure powdered soap is pre
ferable, as it dissolves quicker, i'ut in
i.'iir cucumber Juice, which has been
•trained and which is cold. Shake w< 11.
to that all are thoroughly mixed. Then
pour it all out In a china or porcelain
. •< ssel and add the oil of sweet almonds
md the benzoin, stirring for some time.
A' hen you put the mixture Into bottles br>
sure that it is thoroughly mix-d. eiFc you
aill get most of the Oily matter in one
tottle and the juice in the other. It will
:>e a creamy yellow ttqutd .inri must al
,v;iys be wolf shaken before using. It
Irles on the skin almost immediately. It
s best to apply it at night, letting it dry
md rinsing away with tepid water the
ollowing morning, although, of course.
mi can apply it at any time. Be sure
hat your i ucumber juice is good and
itrong. As long as you have cucumber
n the lotion T think I would omit it from
he cold cream. The other ingredients
hat you mention a^e all right ami follow
ng are the proper proportions: Pure
vhite wax, ounce; spermaceti. IV*
iunces; sweet almond oil. lVi ounces; el
ler flower water, % ounce; tincture of
>ensoin, 10 drops. The use of the com
ilexion brush each night, followed by an
implication of the cold cream or the lo
ion. should end in refining the skin.
( '. M. X.— l am sorry, but I can sug
gest nothing for your trouble.
JOSEPHINE D.— lt is rather difficult
vhen doing one's own dishwashing to
teep the hands in good condition. If you
■an afford it, use castile soap for dlsh
vashing. I'se the following cold cream
or the hands: Spermaceti, one-half
>unce; white wax. one-half <Sunce; oil of
weet almonds, two and one-half ounces;
osewater. three-fourths ounce; powdered
>orajc. twenty grains; essence of clover,
ive drops. Dissolve the borax in the
osewater and add the essence of clover,
tfelt the first three ingredient" in a por
elain kettle. When melted remove from
he heat and add the rosewater Call at
ince). Then beat quickly with an egg
>eater until the mixture is cold and firm.
M. H t S.— Try bleaching the discolored
mees with lemon juice or peroxide of
lydrogen. I really can suggest nothing
:fse.
El "GENT A— There are several recipes
riven in the letters to-day for cold cream.
?hey are all good, and of course you can
nake your cream as soft as you like by
idding more of the almond oil. The only
my to keep cold cream from .trotting ran
•id is to put up only a small quantity of
t at a time. You will find the following
otion a delightful water softener: Alco
-101, four ounces; ammonia, one ounce:
iil of lavender, one dram. Mix hy shak
ng in a six-ounce bottle. Add one teas
wonful of this, not a drop more, to two
juarts of warm water when you bathe
•our face. Re sure and measure the
inantity each time.
J. O. B.— The wrinkles that are dlstress
ng you are "worry" wrinkles. I am sure.
Jo, first of all you must stop worrying.
sever mind if the dinner is not ready Just
m time. If baby overturned the ink hot
le nil over his clean pinafore that you
ipent so much time ironing, don't y>u
lare. These are the very things that will
* -♦- <J> -♦- ■$> -♦_<$>- ♦_ $-»-<3.-»-<s>-»-+ » » ♦ #
bring the wrinkles, and plenty of 'em.
After you have succeeded in eliminating
worry make yourself a present of a nice,
big jar of orange flower skin food, form
. ula for which la given in reply to "Fu
ture." Rub this well into the face at
night until the flesh is all rosy from the
friction, taking care to rub across the
lines. The t!e<trie needle is the enly
thing that will kill the superfluous .lairs,
Eath< the eyes .In witch hazel, diluted
with warm water. This should do away
with the rings around them and also h°!p
' the inllamed condition of the lids. To
plumper, the cheeks, massage with the
skin food, using a rotary upward and oul
v.i.id movement. To .enlarge the bu.-?t,
massage very gently for ten or fltteen
minutes each- nSght with equal part 3 of
cccoanut oil, lanoline imd cocoa, butter,
melted together. Pour a little of this
into the palms of the hands and rub
around and around. The discoloration on
your face, n,eck and ii.:: Is probably ans.L'3
from a disordered i ndition of the liver.
Remedy this by Internal medication and
then bleach the spots with lemon juice,
allowing it to dry on and smearing with
cold cream. The best way to grow plump
is to eat fattening foods, such as : rice,
potatoes, cereals, tggs, game, milk and
butter, and to avoid acids and very salted
or spiced foods. Drink mall or sweet
wine and no tea or coffee. Take moderate
exercise and all the rest you can get out
oi" this life of hurry and turmo.il. There,
I believe I hay» not missed a. single ques
tion. If I have, or if there are any more
you wish to ask, write to me again. I
have a particularly soft gjpot in my heart
for . the "tired mothers" of this world.
You are such a patient, self-sacrificing,
long-suffering lot.
ALBERTA— As long as your eyes are
weak I should not advise you to use any
thing en the lids. to make the lashes grow.
Instead Strengthen your eyes by bathing
them in a lotipn made by rubbing one tea
spoonful of pulverized boracic acid in fif
teen drops of spirits of camphor and p»>r.r
ing over thi.s two-thirds of v, cup of hot
water. Stir and strain and use as needed.
There is only one sure. way of reducing
flesh, and that is to deny yourself all
fattening foods, to exerciße a lot and reg
ularly and to get around and hustle as if
something awful would happen if you
didn't. Get up early every morning. Nev
er sleep more than seven hours. Indulge
in walks and gymnastics everj spare mo
ment. You must not eat butter in any
form, and the more lemonade yoiJ drinJt
the better.
PET— If you will use the orange flower
skin food, formula for which is given
at the end of the Beauty Talk, on
your chapped, rough skin, I feel, cer
tain it will improve it. Cocoa but
ter is very likely to have the effect you
fear. There is nothi better for black
heads than the complexion brush, used
wiht warm water and a little castile soap.
MRS. E. L.— Moth patches usually Indi
cate a derangement of the liver, in which
case Internal remedies, under the direc
tion of a Pkillfu! physician. are required.
If not induced by Internal causes they
may be removed'by the following: Kaolin
(monin), 4 grafts; lanoline, 10 grams;
glycerine. 4 grams; carbonate of mag
nesia, 2 grams; oxide of zinc, 2
grams. Apply to the discolored spot,
allowing y to dry on. A harmless dye for
the eyebrows is made after the following
fashion: Boil slowly an ounce of walnut
bark In a pint of. water for one hour.
"Set" the* dye by adding a lump of alum
size of a hazel nut. Keep this in a bottle
and apply to tlif eyebrows with a email
camel's hair brush. Be careful not to get
the liquid on the skin, as it will stain it.
and do not use on the eyelashes, as there
is danger of getting it in the eyes.
MKS. TOM X.— Systematic bathing and
exercise in th< open air are of much im
portance in effecting a cure for pimples.
Strict attention to the diet is also neces
sary. Avoid hot bread, pastry, cheese,
nut's, chocolate, and all sweet, fried and
highly seasoned foods. The sulphur lo
tion suggested to Elsa in last Sunday
Call may help you also. I can suggest
nothing "for the large ankles. J. O. B.
asked Ihe same question that you did
about the bust. Please read reply to her.
MOON DREAMS— From your descrip
tion I am rather inclined to think that
your trouble is eczema of the scalp, in
which case I should not dare prescribe
for it. If. however, it be anything less
serious 1 feel sure the following tonic -will
help you: Four ounces eau de cologne,
one-half ounce tincture of cantharides
and one-fourth dram each of oil of lav
ender and -oil of rosemary. Apply to the
roots once or twice a day, using a small
sponge for the purpose. This tonic is
not at all oily, still, if you prefer one
without any oil. try this: Two drams
tincture cantharides, six ounces of es
sence of rosemary and eleven ounces of
elder flower water. Orange phosphates,
taken before meals, frequently has a
good effect upon the hair, keeping it
from falling in such terrifying quanti
ties, and it will also inspire it to more
ambitious growth. _■ '.. -; : /j-- ■
CLARISSA HOPE— I must admit that
it's pretty tough to be getting wrinkles at
19 but never mind, little girl, just go at
them tooth and nail with some of that
lovely orange flower skin food -and I feel
perfectly certain that they will pick up
their duds and depart in a jiffy. The con
dition of your skin is no doubt caused hy
the dry climate of Arizona. The water,
too. is 'probably hard. That is a combina
tion that would ruin almost any sort of a
skin. Cannot you get distilled water? If
you cannot, then boi! the water that you
use for your face. The recipe for the skin
food Is given above. There is nothing
better for tan than sweet cream.
DAISY BELI.r- If you will send me a
Ptnmped addressed envelope I will tell you
where you can get the complexion brush.
Do you use a good cold cream on your
face after washing it with soap and wa
ter? I can suggest nothing for the finger
except to pinch it whenever you happen
to think of it. But. really, T should not
allow such a mere trif> as that to "worry
the life out of me." There are lots more
serious things ir. life to worry over than
an index finger that does not taper suffi
ciently to suit one's idc-as of symmetry.
Be cheerful. Keep your mind occupied,
and if there is nothing to do for yourself
try to think of something that . you can
do to help some one else and you will fina
that your "nerves" and your "worries"
will fly away like down before a good,
stiff breeze.
♦' - ♦
♦ The Sunday Call. 32 ♦
▲ pige*, delivered at your
® home by mail for $1 50 -$>
♦ a year. Subscribe for it. *
<?> • •
s4>4>*• ♦ ♦ <^^>^>^><?>^4 > <!> < !> < *^*
Wliat Pace Do You Travel?
The following is a very simple and easy
method of finding the pace at which you
arc traveling without the use of a cyclo-
meter. Note the numlx-r of revolutions
which the pedal cranks make in a given
number of seconds— the number of sec-
onds in every instance depending upon
the gear of the bicycle. V ; . ,
For instance, a rider whose wheel is
geared to 66 goes as many miles per. hour
as his pedal cranks make revolutions in
11.7 seconds. If, with the gear at 66, the
cranks revolve just 11 times in 11.7 sec-
onds, the rider travels at the rate of 11
miles an hour. This little table may be
found convenient by those who wish to
compute their speed:
j^ar 54 60 . 66 72 78 84 90
Seconds .9jG* IIV7 11.7 12.S 13.9 15.0 16.0
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
wjaiiu|M)|ijtiji is removed by DR. and MRS.
feflfflefc Jxaß A. W. TRAVERHE. Donohos
lW\s<Ss®(t3K!| building, 1170 Market St.. cor.
■|V3gK*^jWß Taylor, rooms CS-29. with th»
BjSgR 3h electric needle, without pain er
fc^SipVAi^-^tJi genr. Moles, warts, wrinkles.
BsSh£^^j*«! blackheads, freckles. blrth-
rW — -g&fj marks, etc.. also removed. Per-
|M&ia,<dß manenc guaranteed. Hours, 1
2728
SUCCESS OF THE FIRST GREAT
SOCIALIST COLONY.
FRATERNAL NEWS,
DEGREE nnilK AMARANTH.
Crescent Court No. 3 of the Royal and
Exalted Degree of the Amaranth con
vened in Fraternal Hall In the Alcazar
building on the Ist inst., when the pro
ficient corps of officers conferred the de
gree of otder on two candidates, an inter
esting ceremony, which. ligiited all pres
ent. At the-close of the work of the even-
Ing there was an urnment to the ban
quet room, where there was served a
bounteous collation, and there were toasts.
proposed bj Sir Frank B. L:.dd, master of
ceremonies, which were respond ■ to by
Kir George L. Darling, Sir Henry M.
Owens, Sir A. 11. Millbery and Sir J. C.
Creamer of Pasadena Court of Los An
geles. There were also fancy dances by
the Misses Kuth ock< i and Louise Lang
ley. _.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
Yerba Buena Lodge No. 15 subscribed
5250 toward the Golden Jubilee fund, and
not $25. as has been announced. The
omission of an 0" made the contribution
by that ledge appear very much smaller
than it was.
Last Monday there was an enthusiastic
district meeting of Alameda County lodges
in the hall of Fountain Lodge, under the
direction of Deputy David A. Sinclair.
There were interesting talks by L. L.
Alexander P. G. M.; C. A. Sumner, G. W.
Lewis and Past Grand Master William
Henry Barnes.
On Tuesday night Golden Rule Encamp
ment of ■ 'akland paid a visit to Unity
Encampment of this city and assisted in
the anniversary celebration of the last
named camp. After the business of the
evening there was a banquet, which was
prepared by the ladies of Amity Rebekah
Lodge, and presided over by Dr. C L
Zeigler. A most enjoyable evening was
spent by all and entertaining responses
to toasts were given by C. N. Fox the
flm < hiff patriarch of Unity and the only
living chai member still connected with
It, Chief Patriarch Harris. Grand Scribe
Barnes, Grand Secretary G. 'I. Shaw L
L. Alexander, Past Grand Representative
M. M. I'stee and many others.
Last Wednesday the Veterans, led by
the president, Robert Burns, paid a vlßit
to Porter Lodge of Oakland, and after
the routine business there was a collation
j<nd addresses by prominent members of
the order.
Unity Lodge will celebrate Its thirty
pecond anniversary to-morrow night In
Mission Opera Hall.
Past Grand Master G. H. Morrison will
deliver an addre-ss before Cahto Lodge at
Willets, Mendocino County, on the 20th
when a new hall will be dedicated to Odd
Fellowship.
THE REBEKAHS.
To-morrow night Loyal Rebekah Lodge
■will give a complimentary entertainment
and dance to its many friends in Welcome
Hall, Odd Fellows' building. A first class
programme is promised. The guests and
members will be treated to refreshments.
Fidelity Lodge No. 222, subordinate, at
its recent reception to the members of
Loyal and Mission Rebekah lodges proved
itself a generous and most amiable host.
There was during the evening a fine pro
gramme of dances, after which there was
an adjournment to the banquet hall,
where covers were laid for 200, and every
Beat was occupied. The feast was on ex
cellent one, and at the top of the menu
was printed: "Our Mission Is to Be Loyal
to Fidelity. Don your bon-bons, make
your will and eat the following." James
A. Wilson of Fidelity, a really witty and
jolly good fellow, was toastmaster, and
he kept the company merry while they
were at the festive board. There were
responses to toasts suggested.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
("opa de Oro Parlor of Hollister, Insti
tuted on the 23d of lest month, has ar
ranged to give its first social function, In
the nature of a calico party, on the night of
the Ist of May. The members, who are
very enthusiastic, have selected an ener
getic committee that will make the affair
a success.
Km;, a Vista Parlor at its last held
meeting initiated two candidates and had
:i very pleasant meeting. The arrange
ments have been all completed for the
domino party to be given In Native Sons'
Hall on the ISth inst.
Las Lomas Parlor had six candidates to
initiate at Its last held meeting. The
members are working to the end that they
nay have enough members to entitle the
parlor to two delegates at the next Grand
Parlor.
Olivina Parlor of Alvarado has arranged
Diagrams Showing the Extraordinary Changes in the Rise and Fall of California Rivers.
AVERT striking showing of the
inconstancy of the California riv
ers running from the western Blope
of the Sierra Nevada range Is
given in a publication of the United
States Geological Survey, Just Is
sued. It Is the third and laat of three
pamphlets on Irrigation and water sup
ply in the San Joaquln Valley, by C. E.
(Irunpky of San Francisco, the well
known engineer, who has done the work
for the Interior Department.
In his last paper Mr. Grunsky deals
with the Upper. San Joaquln, Fresno,
Discharge of Tuolumne River at Modestp, 1896.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1899.
T™^ QUALITY COLONY, near Puget Sound, Skagit County, Washington, is the first move of the socialists of this country at consolidation. At present
H there are 300 people on the land, all happy and contented and only too glad to be away from the hard world of competition. If you join Equality
i_ j Colony you can live for $2 a week and have work all the year round, except when you are rich, and then your salary of $2 50 a week goes on just the
same. As they are now banded together they pass under the name of The Brotherhood of the Co-operative Commonwealth. The organization was begun
about two years ago, and the first colonists moved to the land six months later. The nature of the order is indicated by its name. It proposes to begin so
cialism by colonizing socialists into one State, Washington, first, and providing for their support by means of practical co-operation, and as fast as the socialist
vote will admit to take the reins and drive, the government wagon along the road to the co-operative commonwealth. When this is accomplished, if it ever
is, the whole country will be covered from end to end with co-operative colonies. In its beginning ten families were selected by National Secretary N. W.
Lermond of Maine and sent to the site near Edison, Washington. The colony land consists of 605 acres, owned by the socialistic commonwealth, al
though every man, woman and child on the land is a part owner.
IF you join Equality Colony, in Skagit is accomplished, if it ever is, the whole
County, Washington, you can live for country will be covered from end to end
?2 a week and have work all the year with co-operative colonies,
round, except when you are rich, and In its beginning ten families were select
then your salary of $2 50* a week goes ed by National Secretary N. W. Lermond
on just the same. of Maine and sent to the site near Edison,
Equality Colony is the first move of Skagit County, Washington,
the socialists at consolidation. At present The -colony land consists of 605 acres.
mere are ouv jjcuyin un mo io.uu, c*n "u PF j
and contented and only too glad to be
away from the hard world of competi
tion.
Some socialists believe In the political
method of bringing about equality be
tween man and man. Others believe in the
industrial. The latter are the workers,
and intend to progress along the road of
industry all the time. After they have
established a sort of industrial republic
and are on a prosperous basis themselves,
they think they -wfU be in a position to
make demands of the Government.'
As they are now banded together, they
pass under the name of The Brotherhood,
of the Co-operative Commonwealth. The
organization was begun about two years
ago, and the first colonists moved to the
land six months later.
The nature of the order Is indicated by
its name. It proposes to begin socialism
by colonizing socialists into one State,
"Washington, first and providing for their
support by means of practical co-opera
tion, and as fast as the socialist vote will
admit to take the reins and drive the
government wagon along the road to the
co-operative commonwealth. AVhen this
'or an entertainment In aid of the Native
daughters' Home.
On the night of the sth inst. there was
i very pleasant at home In the hall of
'.{• •ri.-iii Parlor at Valencia and Six
eenth streets by Las Lomas Parlor, Na
tive Daughters, and. Hesperian Parlor.
Native Sons. On the last Friday of the
•urrent month these two parlors will give
in "antiquated entertainment" in Mission
Parlor Hall.
Mrs. M. Meyers, past president of Alta
Parlor, has taken up her home in Calls
oga, and a few evenings since. Just prior
o her departure, she was the guest of a
lumber of the members of the parlor, who
endered her a farewell dinner.
"You are requested to wear your old
ilothes," were the words that were promi
sently printed on the Invitations, on com
iion straw paper sent out hy Alta Parlor
:o its friends to attend the "hard times"
party given on the night of the 6th lnst,
n the Native Sons' banquet hall. A«
t was, there was a ragged aggregation
if Reople in the hall, but the fact that
they were not in evening dress did not
mar the pleasure of a first-class pro
gramme of dances to excellent music.
" NATIVE SONS.
The following named parlors have fur
nished the list of their delegates to the
srand secretary and form an addition to
the list published in last Sunday's Call:
sunset 28, Joseph Green; General Wlnn 32,
W. J. Remfree; Folano 39, "VV. J. Stevens,
Yuba 55, W. A. O'Brien; Auburn 59. J. M.
Beck Jr.; Mount Diablo, F. R. Brook;
Niantlc 105, Joseph B. Keenan and F. G.
Drury; Piedmont 120, Frank Barnet,
George E. de Golia, W. H. L. Hynes;
Wisteria 127, F. R. Granger Jr.; Quincy
131. C. E. McLaughlin. H. S. Lee; Gahilan
132, W. H. Miller; Lower Lake 159, Henry
T. Bower; Altamont IR7, Enoch Brians;
Orange 180, C. IT. Trevathan, and Prospect
201, George T. Hosser.
SONS OF EXEMPTS.
The Sons of Exempt Firemen, at the
meeting last Monday night in the Ex
rmpts' Home., had a good attendance, and
after accepting Frank O'Kane, Joseph
Denama and George J. McCormick to
membership, adjourned to thelower hall,
where a smoker was given, under .the
direction of Master of Ceremonies J. W.
Kentzell. There was an interesting pro
gramme of music, songs, recitations and
speeches, together with cigars, corncob
pipes and a collation. There were present
a number of young men eligible to mem
bership, also several of the old time vol
unteers, who by speech encouraged the
new organization. Those who contributed
Chowchilla, Merced, Tuolumne, Stanis
laus and Mokelumne rivers and the lrrl
patlon works they supply. The flow of
these streams Is, of course, a vital fea
ture of the great irrigation problems of
this semi-arid valley, and the tabulated
measurements of some of them are ex
pressed in the graphic charts here re
produced showing the variations- In one
year in the number of cubic feet per sec
ond discharged.
The records hero portrayed are for 1896,
which was about an average year and .
not notable for floods. Charts for some
other years would show freshet lines
J\ CORNER OF THE BIQ FAJ?JVI WORKED BY J,HE EQUALIJY COLONY.
owned by the- socialistic commonwealth,
although every man, woman and child on
the land Is a part owner.
The colony tract Is mostly timber land,
and on the arrival of the pioneers there
early in the winter of 1897 the work of
clearing was commenced. The months
that followed were weary and lonely, and
every one of the little band knew the
meaning of hardship by the time spring
came around.
At present there is quite a little town
on the site where the first colonists set
tled. It Is down in the Postal Guide as
Equality.
The land about the town lies about two
miles from Puget Sound, on the. east side.
The town is built on a gentle sloping
ridge, facing west, and commands a good
view of the water and islands when the
to the evenlngra entertainment wore: The
Melrose Mandolin Club, composed of
George Hllderbrandt, William Alpera.
John Cuneo and Manuel Floras; the Co
lumbian duetlsts; Messrs. Haiw»n, F,
Monaghan, Hardes and W. Fehster
macher In soups: P. I. Fitrt-1 with recita
tion, and addresses by H. D. Hudson, w.
I. Humphreys Jr., Ad. Traube, Washing
ton Irving and ;t number of others. Thf
committee that arranged the affair wan
composed of Messrs. Kentzell, Clarke and
Sv. eeney.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
At the- Institution "f Marion Lodge at
Vallejo on the 3d Inst. .Mrs. L. .1. Whee
lock, the grand protector, was assisted by
Grand Secretary Quitzow, .Mrs. H. W.
Qultzow and Mr?. R. Kemp Van Be. The
new lodge was organized by Mrs. Marion
G. Perry of Valfejo, ami the baby lodge
was named for tvr. It was instituted
wnb twenty-eight beneficiary and two so
cial members. The charter officers are:
('. C. Phelam, I. I.; Bert Wheeler, P.;
A. K. Macdonajd, V. P.; John'J. Hurley,
It. S. ; M. J. Geary, Tr.; Mrs. Elizabeth
Hurley, < '. ; Mis. Van Dorn, G.J Mrs.
Wheeler, guardian; Mrs. fiuinnie Wood,
Bentlnel; Frank Farrell, C. of G. : Edward
Walsh, Mrs. Bva Grear and Miss Lillian
Perry, trustees. The institution of the
lodge attracted considerable attention
among those who are interested in fra
ternal societies and a number made ap
plication to join.
The March number of the Chronicle of
Indianapolis, Tnd.. the official organ of the
Supreme I.<odge of the Knights arid Ladies
of Honor, is embellished with a maunifi
• cent half-tone picture of the late S. K.
Carleton, who was the proprietor and
publisher. It also contains a very inter
esting sketch of the life work of Mr.
Carleton. who whs a most earnest worker
on behalf of fraternity.
The Chronicle has passed into the hands
of Mrs, M. E. Carleton, widow of the late
proprietor, who is making a bright and
instructive paper of it.
KNIGHTS OF THE MACCABEES.
San Francisco Tent at Its regular re
view had a large attendance and after
the regular business there was spent a
pleasant hour under good of the order,
when there were songs, recitations,
yarns and a number of short talks by
members and by visitors, the latter allud
ing In complimentary terma to the rapid
growth of the tent. A committee was ap
pointed to arrange for a smoker to be
given on the 28th inst. The hustlers and
the rustlers announced that they would
soon make a good showing in the matter
of candidates.
Last Tuesday night Golden West Tent,
shooting thousands of second-feet higher.
As Is shown, one of these streams will
multiply Its volume several times and
then wholly subside, all within three or
four days. That Is the work of rains and
thaws which fairly open the bunghole
Discharge of Stanislaus River at Oakdale, 1896. •
few straggling trees are cut away. Of
this land 160 acres Is In standing timber
yet untouched— fir, cedar, spruce and
other trees. A peat marsh occupies 300
acres, most of which Is perhaps the rich
est land In the Western Hemisphere.
The remainder of the land has been
"logged off," as the woodsmen say, the
trees good for lumber and shingles hav
ing been taken away and immense stumps
and culled trees being left.
During the eighteen months of the col
ony's existence 100 acres of the low land
has been cleared of trees, and when gone
over with the stump puller will be ready
for cultivation. Some clearing has been
done on the town site and two large
apartment houses have be%n built. These
shelter a large number of the people. The
rest live in log houses and tents. The
building of small individual houses has
just begun.
The other buildings are a barn, 42x100,
and two stories high; a schoolhouse, 28x
68, with basement; a bakery, shop and
outhouses. The sawmill can cut about
20,000 feet a day at its nest, and the shin
gle mill from 20,000 to 40,000. A thlrty
tive horsepower donkey engine Is ÜBed to
haul logs to the mill and pull stumps.
There are also a wagon-shop, black
smith, cooper and iron-working shops,
shoe factory, tailoring, laundry and bar
ber-shop, and a fishery with a four-ten
sloop.
The government of Equality is as demo
cratic as socialists know how to make It.
The business i.- executed by a board of
director:- consisting of all the superin
tendents of the different departments of
labor. These men post their proceedings
which has taken up quarters in B"ne
B'rith Mall, initiated fourteen candidates
secured through the efforts of Deputy J.
A. Errnerins, w-ho since he took hold of
this tent about six weeks ago has in
cr< ased its in'inbership from thirty
seven to 102. In addition to those who
were Inducted into the mysteries of Mac
cabbeeism last Tuesday, ho ha? secured
a dozen nmre who want to join. There
is no tolling at this time how many more
be will have for next Tuesday. 1 The work
was performed by the new team of this
tent. It was the second time it gave the
work and the excellent manner in which
it was done was proof of the careful
study, under direction of Captain George
Morgan, the members thereof gave to th«
long charges that have to be memorized
and to the various details necessary to
produce the dramatic effects of
the initiation. After the work the
team was rewarded with prolonged ap
l>lat:se as proof of the appreciation by the
members of the tent and visitors from
San Francisco Tent. At the cjose of the
work of the evening there was a pro
gramme of music, song and story telling
and the distribution of cigars.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
Napa Hive was Instituted In Napa with
a membership of thirty by Florence B.
Moffat, deputy supreme commander of
the order, and the following named are
the officers for the first term: Jessie M.
Cropley. P. L. C.; Ella M. Haun. L. <\;
Nellie Hoffman. L. L. C.J Nellie Summers,
R. X.: Maud G. Hunt, F. X.; Martha C.
Hunt. ('.; Nettie Pickett, S. ; Alice Sack
ett, M. at A.; Mary C. Lott, S. ; Grace I.
Norton, P.; Lulu F. Huut, organist.
California Hive Is making good progress,
Initiating candidates at each meeting.
NATIONAL UNION.
El Dorado Council at Its meeting on the
7th inst. initiated eleven candidates in the
full form and last Friday night initiated
eleven more. This council has been un
usually active of late.
Pacific Council had several Initiations
last Thursday night.
During the current month more than
forty new members will be placed In the
several local councils.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Golden Gate Camp No. 64 last Mon
day night, after disposing of Its routine
business, gave Its monthly entertainment
under the direction of Neighbor Patter
son, chairman of the social committee.
There was a vocal solo by J. H. Desmond;
zither solo, L, 8. Raahe; barytone solo,
Russell R. Lowry; vocal solo, Miss Sadie
Davis; cakewalk and fancy dance, the
Misses Kaufman; song, Miss Cora Davis;
above. The great volume of water flows
after the rains are done and the snows
begin to melt.
While the greatest steady volume of
water comes down In the spring, gener
ally in May, the sudden freshets are not
on a public bulletin-board, subject to
change or referendum vote.
The working day In the colony la eight
hours, women five hours for the colony,
with the same pay. All adults have equal
suffrage. The entrance fee Is $160. Ad
ditional capital Is being raised among the
many friends of the movement by small,
loans to the "machinery fund," which Is
to be rep»ld by one-quarter of the cash*
salaries received by all members, such asj
school teachers, postmasters and others.^
By means of co-operation fully matured <
much better living can be had than the
average wagf--worker gets under the*
competitive system. <
Of course many things at present ore^
far from perfection at Equality Colony.
It i? like a new machine, which must run
avhile before It works smoothly. In de-$
sc-ibing the condition of affairs in thej
colony one of the officers Just told a ;
parable. He said:
"When we decide to Improve a street by
paving we first make it worse by digging
it up and getting ready to pave. Some!
have overlooked this fact in nature andj
have thus been disappointed in going to;
Equality. To succeed this movement re-;
quires Individuals who are on par with
its altruistic principles. It is quite notice-'
able that there are some here who, to<
repeat an expression of a member, 'Are;
made to order for this very work.' No
sacrifice Is too great for them if it aids,
the brotherhood of the co-operative com-'
monwealth.
"Of course, any rational mind would'
know that they are not all that way.
That some here are a hindrance Is not
surprising. Co-operative labor is not so
recitation, Charles Pratt;- piano solo, Pro
fessor Wetsel; and Bhort stories by the
modest member of the camp. These so
cials havp been the means of attracting
a large number of memberships to the
camp and they are most enjoyable. There
will be such an entertainment once a
mrinth.
Clument Camp gave a pleasant enter
tainment and dance last night in Laurel
Hall, Shiels building.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
The entertainment that was recently
given in Odd Fellows' Hall was one of
the best drawing cards that this order has
over given in this city. Nearly 1400 gen
tlemen responded to the Invitations issued
and each was accompanied by one or
more ladies, so that the hall was as
crowded as it could possibly be. The ex
cellent addresses delivered that night
awakened much interest in the order.
California now stands first in the thirty
eight High Court jurisdictions, with an
excess of POOO members— an increase of
3200 in four years. ■
High Chief Ranger McElfresh will be
tendered a reception by Court Oakland on
the 21st inst.
Reports from tho courts in the interior
show a steady advance in every direction.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Last Monday night Liberty Lodge was
visited by Anchor Lodge In a body. There
was work in the Initiatory degree and
Grand Dictator Archibald addressed tho
meeting.
Terba Buena, havirg an excess of 200
members, is how the banner lodge. It has
fifteen applicants awaiting Initiation.
There was a large attendance at the
visit of Eureka and Anchor lodges to Oc
cidental last Wednesday. There was a
pleasant evening of music, songs and ad
dresses. The speakers were: Benjamin
I. Salomon, grand assistant dictator; B.
F. Joy, grand trustee; I. D. Martin of
Occidental and Joseph Schulte of Mon
terey.
The action of the recrnt Grand Lodgf in
increasing the per capita tax for the pur
pose of extending the work of the order
has $yen general satisfaction.
The grand dictator has appointed the
following standing committees: Finance —
George Walcom of No. 150."., 11. M. Beck
of 2366 and Jacob Gans of 184 L Laws— J. S.
W. Saunders of 2204, Philip Prior of 3227
and Willis Parris of 292',. Appeals and
grievances— H. K. McLennan of 15S0,
James Haneen of 1716 and J. L. Peareau
of 2058. The names of the deputies will
' be announced in a few days.
The watchword of the grand officers for
organized. The Tuolumne will get up -
freshet and after It through the
Stanislaus will go on a little tear, and
then the Mokelumne will get full. This
is a good thing for the lowlands alonp
the lower San Joarjuln, which nro ppfir^rt
sudden submergence. • Did high water ap
pear synchronously in all i-tn- : :
rles of the San Joaquin the floods would
be much higher in its lower course.
In 1896 the Upper San Joaquln brought
down Its maximum discharge In May,
18,800 cubic feet- per second. Its mean
discharge for that month was 5.394 sec
ond-feet, which would cover 331,700 acres
one foot deep. In June its maximum was
Discharge of San Joaquin River at Hemdon, 1896.
Tvjpe of JJouse Erected bvj the
Socialists of the Equality
Goioruj. '
intense as Its competitor. But by th«
former the laborer gets all his product
and by the latter probably less than one
fifth, so the palm of utility goes to co
operative labor."
Equality Colony is too young yet to
have shown what effect co-operative liv
ing has on character. But there la a com
radeship plainly evident and it seems des
tined to expand Into that grand congenial
brotherhood for whirh th« reformer Is
giving the best energies of hip ability. No
religious test is required of applicants.
and all industrious, intelligent people who
have the co-operative spirit are eligible
to membership.
The colony publishes a weekly radical
paper called Industrial Freedom.
*the current term 1b "advance," and they
< propose an aggressive movement all along:
the line.
1 The April report of the ruprems re
<porter shows 209 deaths, nine of which oo
*curred in thlß State. Fifty-four of .the
> claims were paid before the list was
<printed. Forty-four of the decedents were
* under 50, seventy-five between 50 and 60
Jand ninety were 61 and upward,
* FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
* Court Palo Alto will giv© an annlvefr-
Jsary party on.the 27th inst. In Sherman
3& Clay's Hall. It will be an Invitational
*affairand will also be full dress. Tha
are each limited by Invitation
"Ho have but one lady accompany him.
2 The members of Court Seal Rock, who
Club Seal Rock, have arranged
%for a picnic in Schuetzen Park on the
,18th of June. There will be games, races,
?gate prizes and a tug of war, as well as
\dancing.
.. Court El Dorado on last Wednesday
knight gave a very enjoyable entertain
}ment at home in the social hall of the
-Alcazar and then followed a dance. The
'affair was under the direction of C. Peter-
Jsen, A. C. Boldemann, L, Bendewald, C.
-Tori and Ben Posner.
3 THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
3 The election of Mrs. Clara J. Sweeney
2 of the Order of Chosen Friends to the
-exalted position of representative from
'California to the- Supreme Council that
3is to meet In a few months at Baltimore,
Md., is an honor that has never before
been conferred by this order on one of the
gentler sex. The ladies compose about
40 per cent of the membership of the or
der, and while it is true that ladles have
been recognized by being elected to offices
In the subordinate councils and in the
Grand Council, it is the first time that
the honor to participate in the highest
law-making body of the order has ever
been accorded to a lady. Mrs. Sweeney
has filled many offices, and at the time
of her election to the high position she
now occupies was the grand prelate. In
MRS. CLARA J. SWEENEY.
the Grand Council nearly every lady rep
resentative stood solidly for her during
the three ballots that were taken befora
her election. The lady is a good worker
for the order, and by her kindly disposi
tion has made many friends. Shu- feels
tho high honor conferred on her and de
clares that she will make a Rood record.
2000 second-feet less, or 16,920, but Its
mean discharge was 11.799 secorid-feet or
702,106 acre-feet. In October It dropped
to only SO secorid-feet. Its discharge for
the year at the base of the foothills
would cover 1,997,547 acres one foot deep.
The Tuolumne reached its maximum of
11,798 second-feet in March.
The measurements of river discharges
■will doubtless be extended and continued
for many years, anil will be- of :
mable value In the future, when Callfor
nia's water problems become much more
vital and closely studied than any are
now.Theater Ads and
Dramatic Criticism
TIIF jollity of the town is consid
erably rr.hanced these d.iys by
a row th.it is on betw» en Beveral
ne'wspa] 1 theati rs.
Perhaps you have noticed that
the Evening Report and some of the
■weeklies are giving: it hot and heavy
to the shows at the Columbia, Alcazar,
Tivoli and Chutes? If not you have
missed some precious reading — the
rieh< since the old days when the
Examiner waged war against the Bald
win and toasted every show, pood, bad
and splendid, that was housed by that
theater. I used to think that yours
truly was sometimes rather difficult to
please In the matter of plays and play
acting; but since the managers of the
Columbia, Tivoli, Chutes and Alcazar
have conspired to withhold their ad
vertising patronage from all of the
weeklies and one of the evening' dailies,
and most of these papers have retali
ated in the true commercial spirit, I
have come to regard myself as the
most docile and- g natured person
who ever sped a pencil on the subject
of the playhouse. The News Letter
and the Argonaut and The Wave have,
to be sure, kept calm and critical even
in th< face of. their great loss, which
1 understand amounts to several dol
lars a week to each paper. But the
asp has a thousa stingers out for
the unadvertised attractions: Town
Talk is simply sulphuric in ita lndin
nation; and the wrath of the Report
knows jio limit. Town Talk toasts not
only the shows but th< manag< as
well. Mr. L 'any, who controls the af
fairs of the Tivoli, is reminded in that
paper of the time when he was erely
the manager of a furniture factory.
The Wasp says: "If there had been
opera houses in Job's day it ('Golden
Locks') would have been a beautiful
thing to try the respected old gentle
man's patience on." But the critics of
th^ weeklies are press agents compared
to the relentless scribe who ■ winjca the
lash for the Report. Listen to this,
from Tuesday's issue of that paper:
"Stevens or the Yellow Wig." rwl»e
hilled as "Reautiful Golden Locks," con
tinues to keep audiences iway from the
Tivoli. As that place is a dangerous lire
trap, the ploce at leaat servt-s one good
lent and honorable order
I he uvt'iig
■ Itlc:
Mlent manner In
" for
■
■ oned
Those who -were lured by free tickets
or deceptive advance ticca to "The
Charity Ball" opening nlpht at the Alca
zar were treated to an exhibition of ln
rompetoncy <:n the part of both the im
pany and the maniisfment. The. dolic;>te
sarcasm of Tho Call in saying of this
Piece. -The plot Is too familiar to need
ascription." v.-ill ho appreciated.
I don't believe that at any other time
in the history of the town there has
been such a rush of uncomplimentary
dramatic criticism. Plays are slated
ripht and left, tors receive rebukes
heside which ancient epps would l>e
sweet bouquets, managers are roasted
in and out of their public lives, relig
ious sentiment is brought to bear
against the offending plays, and the
playhouses are called everything
tempting-, from pneumonia traps to
fire capos. And all becauso the man
agers have ceased to advertise.
• • .
Naturally your sympathies ar<» with
th<= manag in the best of clr
cumsi ■ ■
from the best-lntentioned crlticß. But
: this is ■
rm the manau-r-r in his belief that
:■ should L<\ a nice agreement
en the box orOrA b
cal columns of the press. T]
; aper has ma.;
nitud'-. of the present theatrical I
No other branch of art— with the
one exception of prize-fightingr, which,
fortunately, is not an every night oc-
Dce — rer^ives so much gratuitous
attention from tho papers us does in-
Ftage. The theaters advertise. Fes.
Hut one healthy dry j.
NT-nt will spend more money in a
newspaper In a day than all thp th-^a
t^rs will in a week. The dry goods man
writes his ad, se*>s that it
where he wants it, and there is th
AMUSEMENTS.
GOTTLOB, MfIRX Sic CO.'S THEATERS.
COLUMBIA.
NO PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT.
BEGIN. MONDA V LAST
NINO IViXjIV LJf\ V WEEK
FARKWBIX NIGHTS— THE
=BOSTONIANS=
MONDAY AND THI'RSDAT-
....ROB ROY
TUESDAY AND FRIDAY—
™c SERENADE
WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY
EVENINGS and SATURDAY MATTNEE—
ROBIN HOOD
EXTRA— ApriI 24th
ROLAND REED
Accompanied by ISADORE RUSH.
Will present GEORGE 11. IJROADHURST'S
brllllaiu comedy,
thf WRONG
_ MR WRIGHT
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krcllns;. . Proprietor Sc Manage?
—THIS EVENING AT B.—
LAST TIME,
THR FPFXTA' ULAR KXTRAVAGANZA,
BEAUTIFUL
GOLDEN LOCKS
A TREAT FOR ALL.
TO-MORROW EVENING— First Time at This
House,
The French Vaudeville Operetta, •
"IHL LITTLE TROuPtR."
Adapted by CLAY m GREENE.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
J ''LAR PRICES, 2io and w>c .
Our Telephone Bush 9.
By Ashton Stevens.
of It. The theatrical man writes ht3
ad, Bees it printed, but there is not the
end of it. He wants announcements of
dates, casts, prices and the character
of his production; storU-s good-natured
and scandalous about his players; and
pictures, pictures, pictures. He keeps
a strong man employed, a press agent,
whose sole occupation in life is to get
these things into the papers. It is the
business of a newspaper to furnish its
roarWs with the sort of news thru
pleases them; and actors are newsy
CALIFORNIA.
Two Weeks, Commencing
MONDAY, a £?h l
tTHE BLAZING LIGHTS
OF LAUGHTER,
THE
RAYS
JOHNNY— EMMA
IN THEIR HOWLING SUCCESS
V Time
The Show With a Million Laughs.
Direct From the Eastern Triumphs
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St.. Cor. Mn«->-v
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall
ANOTHER GREAT BILL OF EASTERN
STARS.
ACNES CASTRO
Prlma Donna Soprano.
SHERMAN AND MORRI3EY .
Knockabout Comedians In Great New Act.
The Queen "of Character" Singers,
QUERITA VINCENT
In : New Songs and Dances.
SIC. ANTONIO VARCAS
Popular Operatic Selections.
AND TEN ALL-STAR ACTS.
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE TO-DAY.
THE SAN FRATsCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 1(>, 1599.
people; and so the press agent does not
have to be as smooth and subtle a
worker as you would think. I rind him
to be the most unoily and ingenuous
of men. He has become more or less
of a necessity, and he knows it, and his
confidence is quite yours if you
want it. Tnf» manager sees hi?
business a daily subject of illus
tration and com men ir. the press.
AMUSEMENTS. ■ .
WEEK COUENCIKC T MONDA V, April 17th.
GREAT NEW BILL OF COMEDY STARS I
FA VOR AND SINCLA IR,
The Popular Comedians In Their New Sketch, New York Latest Big Vaudeville Success.
TOM AND LILY ENGLISH, AL. AND MAMIE ANDERSON.
FAMOUS MUSICAL COMEDIANS. AMERICA'S BTAR COLORED ARTISTS.
Pacific Coast Debut of New York* Vaudeville Comedienne
CLARICE VANCE,
"YOURS TRULY IN RAO TIME." In Latest Coon Songs.
LILLIAN BURKHART AND COMPANY,
The Star Comedienne of the Season In New Farce Comedy "Extravagance."
MARSHALL P. WILDER, ' ! MLLE. CLARA LARDINOISr
__ J^_-^-,..- 1^^ S le .",- Cmd Jokes - I New Repertoire of Operatic Selections.
HENGLER SISTERS, PANTZBR BROS.,
_^_^ Parisian Dancers Head-to-Head Balancers '
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), April 16. 7^^^^
EXTRA MATINEE— FRIDAY. APRIL- 21. BENEFIT SAN FRANCISCO FRUIT ANn
FLOWER MISSION. FULL ORPHEUM BILL, WITH A LONG LIST OF VOLUNTFJTR
ARTISTS. GREATEST BENEFIT BILL OF THE YEAR. . VOLUNTEER
CHUTES AND ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Pon't Get Lost inThe LONDON MAZE.
See LUNETTE the Hypnotic Marvel.
GREAT BILL IN THEJREE THEATER.
JOE STORMS JR., CONGO and
the REMAINS of SALLY in
THF. ZOO.
? BALLOON ASCENSION
THIS AFTERNOON by
MARKEBERG !
Admleslon, Including Zoo and Thea-
ter, 10c; Children Always 6c
and comes to regard thl3 pub
licity as the legitimate annex
of his advertisement. Then, the
chances are, he wants more. He
wants a guiding hand in the
columns of actual criticism. Sometimes
he asks for it in no small voice. I
know .i manager in this very town who
intitnati-rt to the paper that employed
me that my resignation fn-m thr posi
tion of dramatic critic would be more
than acceptable to hhn. I did not re
sign, hut that was through no fuult of
the manager's. This was tn the yester
days, but practically the same condi
tions obtain to-day. And yet the rrian
■ ■ • h not entirely to blame. Irrespon
ptble and careless newspapers (such
.-till exifit) have humored him for so
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY and BUNDAY, April 16th and 16th.
ALL RECORDS BROKEN
OPENandPUPPYSTAKES
US NOMINATIONS.
$975— PRIZE MONEY!— S97S
TRAIN SERVICE.
Trains leave Third und Townsend street*
Saturday 12:5f> 1". M.; Sunday, 11 A. M 12 3Vl'
and 1 P. M. Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets
JJve minutes later. Returning from Park Im-
mediately after last course. Extra train from
Tark on Sunday, 4:45 P. M. Saa Mateo Electrio
Cars every ten minutes.
ADMISSION, 25 Centa. LADIES, FREE,
long that what, he demands seems to
him to be only his natural own. I have
talked with the several managers about
this present' withdrawal of advertising
and its attendant roasts. Thri seem to
be not a* nl 1 surprised at the attitude ot
the IncUgnants. leather if anything are
they surprised at the several weeklies
that have continued their dramatic
columns with dignity and with gool
faith to their readers. I am curious ti>
see how this \\;>.r turns out. The papers
mentioned will perhaps continue to live
without the patronage of the theaters.
and then perhaps In time the ads will
go hack, if so an interesting "study in
dramatic criticism could be displayed
in parallel columns. Something on the
lines of "before and after using." In
the menntlme there is no reason why
th<» genera] public should consider th^
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. IB'WEra 1 :
THIS EVENING.
LAST PERFORMANCE OF
THE QUEEN'S LACE HANDKERCHIEF
Week of April I7th,
Magnificent Revival of .Takobowski's Beautl-
' Hj ful Opera,
--lerminiel"
With every member of the organization in the.
SBf~iN capt.
A SUPERB PRODUCTION, f
Greatest SinfclnK Chorus In America..
Larrest and Best Orchestra In the City. .
FRIDAY EVENING FULL DRESS
PRICES:
Orchestra 60c, 75c and $100
Dress Circle (reserved) SOc
Family Circle (reserved) 25c
Gallery 15c
ONI,Y MATINEE SATURDAY.
Prices — 15c, 25c and Me — nothing higher.
NEXT WEEK,
Sousa's Glorious Opera.
| "EL OAfITAN " |
Wednesday and Friday Afternoons
Next at 3 o'clock. Recitals by
==1 saueW\==
KNABE'S PIANO USED.
PR1CE5....... %l 00 to »3 00
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
F»MRE\A/ELL RECITALS.
y^k^Mio.§&^^^ The Wizard of the
jKM; : S? TUESDAY AND
rtfffllSb^yiFs WEDNESDAY
fKfllli«fe ' X AFTERNOONS -
v^Jons^'\^^ I**^ Two new and pop-
' ular programmes.
Reserved Seata 500, 75c, $1 and $1.50
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE. •
Commencing MONDAY, April 17, at 8:15 o'clock.
POPE LEO XIII T A fvES E D AY
Biographic Exhibition of Marvelous 'Moving
Pictures of His Holiness, POPE .LEO' XIII.,
The coronation ceremonies of Queen Wilhel-
mina of Holland. The return of heroes of the
late war, and many other moving views. Grand
vocal and instrumental - music. Afternoons at
4 o'clock. Evenings at 8:15 o'clock. Admission,
50 cents; children, 25 ■ cents.
prnor.->l dramatic critir ths nohlest
work of God. ASHTON STEVENS.
Jhc Goluir,bic\.
During thr> fifth and final week of th*»lr
engagement at the Columbia the Bos
t( niana will present all three of their
comic operas; On Monday and Thursday
evenings the production of "Rob Roy"
will be revived. "Th< .-■ r< nade," with its
much-troubled Duke of Santa Cruz, the
pretty and flirtatious Dolores, Yvonne ami
Ik r stiletto, the .serenading barytone and
all the other amusing and interesting
characters, will hold the boards on Tues
day and Friday nights.
"Robin Hood" wil be sung on Wednes
day night, at the matinee on Saturday and
for the farewell performance on Saturday
night.
Thr noxt attraction for the Columbia
f neater is the farce-comedy written by
• M. Broad hurst and entitled "The
V rong .Mr. Wright," interpreted by Ro
land Reed and a clever cast, including
among others Miss Isadore Rush.
JK2 Ga!iforr\ia.
The Rays, Johnnie and Emma, reopen
the California on Monday ni^ht and com
mence a two weeks' season in "A Hot v.d
Time." From all a( counts this farce
comedy is a furious success. It has been
playing throughout the East for several
seasons to huge business. The -Mot is not
insisted on in the advanced accounts.
Perhaps it is sufficiently explained by tho
title of the piece. The show is said to
he. one big round of hilarity, punctuated
l>y timely specialties. The Rays have sev
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO-NIGHT, SUNDAY. LAST TIME,
HUMBUG!
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
The Farce That Captivated Both Continents.
By Harry and Edward Poulton.
15c, 25c, RE S 8 E V 6 35c, 50c.
In rehearsal .CAPTAIN SWIFT
INTERSTATE PANORAMA CO.,
Market Street, near Eighth.
HARRY GILMOUR Manager
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
BATTLE OF
MANILA
BAY
OPEN DAILT FROM 9 A. M. TO 10 P. M,
Admission 50e; Children 25c.
SHERMAN, CLAY CO.'S HALL,
FRIDAY AFTERNOON, April 21st,
AT 3.-3O JF». M.,
...FAREWELL LECTURE 8Y...
9
DR. JOHN WATSON. D.D.
The Entire "LIFE OF DR. McCLURE," and
Readings From His Last and Un-
published Story.
Reserved Seats 50c and $1.
On sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. WEDNES-
DAY MORNING, April 19, at 9 o'clock.
EL CAMPO,
\ THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
• Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music. Dancing, Bowling. Boating, Fishing
m<J other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. v Fare, : round
trip. 25c; Children, 15c, Including admission
to grounds.
THE STEAMER URIAH
Will leav« Tlburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m.. 12:10.
2 and 4p. m. Returning, leave El Cainpo at
, 11: a. m., 1, 3 and sp. m.
eral individual specialty turns', as have
polph and Susie Levfno, Dave Genaro and
Ray Bailey, Harry Hayes and Martin
Healey, and the Cecilia quartet.
Qrarvd op2ra-^lous2
To-morrow evening the Southwell Op
era Company will change its programme
at the Grand Opera-house and produco
"Ermiine," Jarobowskl's prettiest opera.
As it la a long- v.hlle since it was produced
here and it !s always popular, ihe forth
coming production should be successful,
especially as it will introduce a very
strong cast that will contain every mem
ber of the company in. every perform
ance. This will be the cast: Erminie,
Edith Mason; Cerlsse, Daisy Thorne; Ja
votte, Hattie Belle Ladd; Princess Pom
padour, Bertha Rlcci; Marie, Gertruua
Hayes; Captain de Launey, Eleanor
Gulsti; Marquis, Winfred Goff; Eugene
Thomas 11. Persse; Chevalier de Brabi
zon, Mlro Delamotta; Ravenncs, William
Wolff; Cadeaux, Arthur Wooley; Dv Foe,
Forrest D. Carr: Simon, Nace Boneville;
Ernest Viscount de Krissac, A. E. Ar
nold; Sergeant, A. A. Arlle. The theater
parties have been quite numerous during
the wrek at the Grand. "El Capitan" i 3
in active preparation to follow "Er
minie." and there is some talk of doing
Puccini's "La Boheme," which we have
never heard in English.
Jhz OrpKeum.
The new bill at the Orpheum promises
pnme very good things for this week.
Four new acts are announced and several
of the holdover?, particularly Lillian
Burkhart. will appear In new material.
Clarice Vance, the famous Eastern "rag
time" Binger, heads the bill. She Is re
puted to be about th,-- cleverest white-faca
Binger of coon son Bfa on the vaudeville
stage. Tom and l.ily English, musical
comedians, are saiil to have a very funny
aa well as interesting sketch, while Favor
and Sinclair come with their latest com
edy skit, which has been such a hit in the
East. Al and M.-im!e Anderson, the col
ored team who scored so well when here
two years npo, return with a wealth of
new coon songs and comedy. Miss Lilian
Burkhart aim company wlLl appear In
"Flxtravapance," a farce comedy that
deals with the story of the husband who
attempts to cure his wife of her extrava
fant ideas. Other holdovers are Marshall
-. Wilder, Mile. Clara Lardinoiß, the Hen
gler sisters and the Pantzer brothers.
Jhe Tiv>o!i.
The Tlvoil will present. this week th«
French vaudeville opera, "The Llttls
Trooper," adapter! hy the popular native
BOH, Clay M. Greene, and composed by
William Furst and Victor Roger.
Woman's beauty and a military uniform,
with their mutual attractions, form the
groundwork of the plot, which unfolds
itself In and about Paris In the glorious
times of Napoleon I. Delia Fox produced
the piece at the Baldwin several years
ago and a detailed account of the story
is not now vital.
Saver's Recitals.
Emll Saver, long looked for In Pan
Francisco, will Rive two recitals at the
Grand Opera-house at 3 o'clock on the
afternoons of next Wednesday and Fri
day. Since his American debut at the
Metropolitan Opera-house January 10, ho
has created a profound impression. The
Continued on Pa^e Thirty-two.
AJI.XTSEMENTS.
GLEN PARK!
THIS DAY (SUNDAY;, APRIL 16,
MONSTER
VAUDEVILLE
PROGRAMME.
I GYMNASTS,
COMEDIANS,
CONJURER,
SKETCH ARTISTS.
JUGGLER,
MUSICAL NTMIiERS,
HOMING PIGEON RACE.
Admission. 10c All San Matfo Electric Can
ran direct to Turk entrance. Valencia Mission
and gutter street lines transfer.
thesteepiechase;
CENTRAL PARS, Market and Eighth Sts.
Don't fail to see CAPTAIN ADOLPH
FREITSCH and his THIHTY-FOOT BOAT, la
which he will make a voyage around the world.
Now on exhibition dally. Grounds open frora
noon to midnight. NO EXTRA CHARGE.
TEN CENTS ADMISSION, including ride ou
the "Horses," etc.
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction lower.
Wheat and Barley futures weaker.
dull.
I and lower.
[lay maj - to the dogs-
Bran and Middlings firm.
in Lima Beans.
en ceipta of Coal.
i
11.l 1 . tatoes liteher.
pta Of Strawberries.
Prune* very llrni in New ivrk.
i: : Egg* weak.
Poultry and Game easy.
■ n
■■ tlve and hither.
firm.
i g better in the K.'.st.
 :■. anci .1 a fraction.
ni Inue to gjin.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings laet week were $19,498.
--851, gatnst $17,472,077 fur the name week last
year".
FLOUR AND WHEAT EXPORTS.
Exports of Flour from tUia port during the
first nine months of the current crop year were
C 72 :>ir. barrels, aganlst 623,311 during the same
tln ; <- in 1897-98. ducing tills Flour to a\\ neat
basis *nrt adding it to the exported Wheat gives
total 'xi-orts of Wheat for the nine months of.
3 575 600 ctla valued at 14,441.000 against 11.1.2,
--000 ctls :it $17,676,000 during the previous y.vr.
The sharp felling oft this year is of course due
to thu dry season of IB9U
COIN CERTIFICATES IN CIRCULATION.
The Government coin certificates in circula
tion March 81 were as follows:
IS9S. IS"9.
Go ia 536.319.i99 J32.h92.849
Silver ■:::::::: ov7.T7i>..syss 3^.874,000
Treasury 99.709,432 94.073,701
Totals $323,739,529 V^..542.r.;C
There was $73,610 taken out of circulation last j
ni 'nth. During th" past twelve months there I
has been an Increase of 111.000,000 In Bllyer cer- i
tlflcafs and a decrease of *5,U34,000 in Treasury
notes.
MONET IN GOVERNMENT VAULTS.
United States Treai irer Roberts reports the
amount of money on hand at the close of March |
(SoJ,J onill ............•••«..«««••• $13C.745.506
Gold bullion 12l.:-a..s43
Bllver dollars 41 2-^"! b "Si-
Small sliver c'■ 'Sv- 1 , - i
bllver bullion 55.825.937 j
i — ■ ■ - ■ !
Total specie
United .States notes jb.lbl.^J
Treasury notes of IS9O «i iJn
Gold certificates ?/--H™
Silver certificates 3,.;.3.49S
Currency certiflcatea «O.COO
National bank notes 2,*.3.4h2
Minor coin, etc «5.082 I
Deposits in national banks 55.310.739 !
Miscellaneous 31,301 i
Total J919.562.087 j
Th-re was a net addition of $20,000,000 to the j
. .Id coin [or the month of ICarch, with a de- j
pk-tlon of less than J'j.tKKWi) in bullion. The
net addition to the specie in . rovernment vaults
for the month was J13.000.000.
At the close of March, 1898. the money in '
these vaults amounted to $853,758, 468. Of this
amount 1723, 323,869 was In specie, including
$147,256,076 "1n B° 1( : coin and $63,647,258 in gold j
bullion. The silver HJon on hand is over
$11,000,000 I >* than it was a year ago.
S \i.M' >N.
.•■•ling salmon the New York Commercial
of April 6 says: "Suies of futures have been
fairly liberal,' but prim I] ':■ at prie< to be
made Inter. Many of the contracts contain
the clause guaranteeing delivery it packed.
The experience of last season taught canners
mi expensive lesson and thej do not intend to j
be caught the same way again. A tew prices
have been made includlnc the Sacramento
River pack, which are supposed to be $1 22 l i'tf
125 for tails and $1 35'u i 37" j for fiats. The
fall pa<* is sold for export to England, one
party taking It all. Last year's ring pack,
Sacramento River, sold for S»se for tails and
■ BaU."
WEATHER REPORT.
■
SAN FRANCISCO, April 15, 5 p. m.
Th- . rainfalls to
mpar^d vritli those of sane date last
and rainfall In last M hours:
I^i.st This Last.
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka '0.00 Sr.o7 31.16
Ked Blurt ... O.(X) 1it. 29 12.71
Sacramento o.iw 13.91 S.t<7
San Francisco 0.00 13.38 7.75
l'resno 0.00 >~>-6- 4.16
:--an I.uiP Oiiispo U.UO 14. 52 6.06
I>oß Angeles 0.00 4.73 6.2S
Han Diego o.<;u 4.51 4. is
Yuaa*. 0.00 1.34 i.a
.■ian Franc'scn data— Maximum • mperature,
t4: minimum, 42; mean, 4S.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is rloudy over the western por
tion of Oregon, nlonK the extreme noi thwest
const of California and ov»-r Washington. Lltflit
rain has fallen along the coast of Washington:
The pressure has fallen rapidly over ■!;-• In
ter! i and risen along the immediate coast.
The temperature has [alien along the coast
ana risen decidedly throughout the inter! ir.
Conditions are favorable for fair Weather Irr
California Sunday.
Forecast mad.- at Pan Francisco for thirty
boui ending midnight, April >'■ 1599:
Northern California— Fair Sunday; cooler In
the erior: fresh wesi wind,
them Califoi Fair Sunday; fresh west
wind
Nevada- Partly cl6udy Sunday; cooler.
Utah— -cloudy; cooler Sunday.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity Fair Sunday;
somewhat warmer; light we*t wind.
a. H. WILI>ON, tiocal Forecast Offtclal.
NEW YORK BTQCK MARKJST.
NEW YORK. April 15.— industrial spec-
j n : 1 1 >> were very itrong to-day and the rising
tendency, particularly after the appear* of
the bank statement, extended throughout the
lilt with the coalers prominent In the market's
latest strength. Money continued easy and the
tank Etatement with an increase of nearly $3.-
CCO.COO in cash and a contraction of over $10,-
COO.MX) In loans had 'a very stimulating effect.
I-arKe realizations, however, were noted by
speculators who had bought In exnectatlon of
a fa\orable statement. The favorable turn in
the Samoa n d:fnculty snd the weekly state
nu nt of trade hlch noted a general condition
of prosperity wen factors In rearousing con
fidence. Spots of especial strength were Dela
ware and Hudson. Manhattan, Colorado Fuel
and Iron, Brooklyn Rapid Transit, People's
Gat and Continental Tobacco, •'■■• ' before the
cU.fc the Drotestslpnal element started a rn!J
on the Idea that the recent recovery had been
too rapid, but they succeeded In making only a
Blight impresalon un values.
Stocks* wert Bomewhat irregular early in the
x\« t k, but gradually iperated, thua dispell
ing the uneaslneßM engendered by the Indus
trial smash lasl week. iktyn Haiiid Tran
bli. which was '■:. m\ prominent in the recent
decliiie, again reached its best previous price.
The railway moved within a comparatively nar
row range, wavering In sympathy with ,irit«ia
crop advioeF. The >■ ivernment crop report was
regarded an leas unfavorable than expected.
Hallway returna were generally favorable and
the Increased : vity in the Industrial works
It his • ; >ught would continue to neflt rall
vay traffic. The continued ke ( ;n demand for
the Bnished products of lr.m was rcspoi
for nmrltfcd btrenxtb In the Iruii and steel
bhares. Call money whs decidedly easi'-r. aver
aging I 1 * points below liis-t wieK's rates, and
the banks wort.- dlei>osed lo be tar more liberal
In pilng Industrial collateral tor loam Fince
any weak noldinxH were forced out last week.
A number <>r ver> large financial Uealinus were
consummated without disturbing the money
marki while soin- discrimination, particularly
1i •■ lorriL'n bankers ac&liut Industrial collat
eral, wan still noticed Buch Industi as
complied wlih the .Stix-k luinge requirement*
of stattmeiits in orders to be listed wen
trcattil inure leniently. The »-nisler money con
dltlom wei ennectally beneficial to highly
manipulatUe stocks, which are large); held
<n ir.nr»:ln. ' r he tniction and gas Bhoj or
Greater New I'oi k wert- very prominent In the
week* dealings on many nsolidatli stories,
varying only In scope. There were advances of
ever is point in oklyn Raold Transit and
Urnoklyn Union las, 'oniiolidated Qa»- Man
hattan 12' t . Third Avenue -t'i and MetiopoliUm
I'i. Notable advances ami other specialties
w.'-ro Suuar BVi, Colorado Fuel and Iron 7\L
Continental Tobacco v\. Amei Tobacco o.
>•.■■]■ ■ Steel 7%. and People's (3ms U%.
Strong features in the railways were the
Vand<*rblU*, thi Southwestern Kroup, especial
ly Mobile and Ohio, Missouri Pacific and Bal
timore and ( 'hip.
"Tips" are very abundant in the present
mnrket. and because of thi Inrpe public In
terr-.'<t displayed, these prediction! of price
movements in particular stockH are more gen
erally realise^ than of recent years, when
there Whs a more restricted speculative In
lrro!>t. Optimistic, utterances by market lead
ers hate been frequently verified by events
beo:m«» of the public's confidence result
ir.f; from a lone hull movement, while the
banks gained in rash. It Is announced that
the Q< •■v,m»-nt will withdraw $10,000.00-3 from
the depository banks in million lollar weekly
caymenti An active and variable money jnar
-1 ■■• will be expected owing to the recurrent
financing of Industrial combinations, but for
thi- present stringency is not looked for by
authorities. The npc^ul.itive activity of 'the
week has been largely away from tho stand
ard shares of known value nnd has nenteied
In specialtler. whose price, Judging from pres
tnt returns seemed to discount future develop
ments.
A moderate inquiry prevailed for prime mort
«r«e» during the week and there was also
a larpre absorption of the semi-speculative
grades. Prices In the mntn improved, but the
general movement was liesitattns ut times In
accordance with the characteristics of the
stock market.
United States 3s coupon advanced %; do reg- i
istered and the new 4s registered, V*, and tlie j
old 4s coupon, S. The 5s and the old 4a I
registered declined *,i in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 512,290
shares. Including: American Steel, 7400; Am
erican Sugar, 4000; Atchlson preferred, 11,900;
Baltimore and Ohio, 34p0; Brooklyn. Rapid I
j Transit, 74,4' i liurlington. 6!oo; Colorado Fuel |
! and Iron. 23,700; Continental Tobacco, 54.400; I
do preferred,- 3000; Delaware and Hudson, MOO;
Federal Steel, 13,000; Louisville and Nashville,
2200; Manhattan Beach, 4500; Manhattan Con
solidated. 22.200; Brooklyn Transit Rights, I
20,800: Metropolitan, 4200; Missouri Pacific, I
C.'CO; National Steel. 13.500: New Jersey Central, '
3100; New York Central. 4G00; North American. t
22C0; Northern Pacific, 4400; Ontario and West
-1 em. 12,500; Pennsylvania. 3000; I'eople's Gas,
24.200; Reading first preferred, 21.200: do sec
onO preferred. 10,400: Rock Island, 8700; Bt
Paul. 7400; Tennessee Coal and Iron, 25.300; |
Texas Pacific. 10.200; Union l'aciflc, 4600; do.
preferred, 4500. /'..■• ./:
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atehl«=on 21U St L & S W...... 12U
Do prefd 6i', Do prefd S4Vi
Baltimore & Ohio. 73 St Paul 127%
Canada Pacific SS^ i Do prefd 170
'anada Southern.. 57--. St P & Om 96
Cent Pac fil%| Do prefd 16S
ties & Ohio 87% So Pacific 33%
Chi A Alton 168 Bo Railway 12% .
I Chi H & Q. Hi' Do prefd 52
Chi a.- E 111 72"4 1 Texas & Paclflo .. 24%
Do prefd 121 Union Pacific .... 47 1 '.
Chi G W 15%. Do prefd SO 1 * ;
Chi Ind & L 9 UpD & G 12%
Do prefd ..: 47 Wal>asii 8
Chi .V N \V 162%' Do prefd .*. 24%
Do prefd 198 IWheel & L X 11% i
C C C & St L 62 Do prefd 81 .
Do prefd y7 Express Companies
! Del & Hudson ....120% Adams Ex 110 i
Del L &■ W.... 173 (American Ex 140
Den & Hlo G 22% I United States .... 53 :
Do prefd 75% . Wells' Fargo 126 :
Erie i:-v, 14 | Miscellaneous— I
Do Ist prefd .... 35', a Cot Oil 36% ' :
It Wayne IS2 I Do prei'd 91
! Gt Nor prefd l93%?Amn Spirits 13% \ •
Hocking Val M 4 Do prefd 39 M
I Illinois Cent 115 Am Tobacco 224 I]
i Lake Erie & \\" .. l>'» Do prefd 142 jl
Do prefd 67% jCons Gas IS7U <
Lake Shore 200 Com Cable Co ....180 i
Louis & Nash .... 05' i Col F & Iron 43% '
Manhattan L 127%| Do prefd 104 i
Met St Ry 232>;|Gen Electric 116% '
Mich Ce^u 113 Haw Comi Co .... 89 I
Minn & St L 52 Brooklyn R T i:c.''. .
I Do Ist prefd ...". 98 ilntnl Paper 534 ;
Mo Pacific 51%! Do prefd si'-.
Mobile & 0hi0.... 4S F iiiLaclede Gas C 4 '
Mo X & T i;- Hl Lead S3V4. '
Do prefd 40% Do prefd n2" ■
|N .1 Centra! 113% Nat Lin Oil 4% '
i N V Central .......141% Pacific Mnil 52
j N V chi & St L.... 13% People's Gas 12S7s .
Do Ist prefd .... 68 Pullman Pal 161 ,
Do 2d prefd .... 87 Silver- Cert 60 ,
Nor West IS% Standard H & T.. 11%
No Amer Co 10Vi Sugar 16S
No Pacific b2% Do prefd 117%
Do prefd 7«% T C & Iron 64
Ontario .* W 27\ U S Leather fi-'i
!Or H & Nay pfd.. 70 1 Do prefd 73 B ,
'. Or Short L'.ne .... 41% U S Rubber ES% '■
I Pac Coast Ist pfd. S3 1 Do prefd 118)4 ;
I Do 2d prefd 60 West Union '.'4
i Plttsburg 4 .134 Fed Steel 65;4 '.
j Reading 24'4| Do prefd 87 . ,
Do Ist prefd .... 6&',ilAm S & W C 0..,. 66% ':
R G W 34 Do prefd ........ SS»4 :
1 >.i prefd 73 Colo Southern t>',i :
Rock Island 117** Do Ist prefd .... 53%
! St L & S F 11%! Do 2d prefd .... 31',i
Do prefd- ...71 'Pac Coast 46
Do 2d prefd .... 39*; Norfom ft \V pfd.. 6S :
CLOSING BONDS.
V B 2s reg 93Vi M X & T 2ds 6S>/j !
Do 3s reg lOT 1 .^ Do 4s S>3'-a !
Do 3s coup 108% N* V '• lsts 114'
Do new .4s reg...Uß% N .1 C gen 5s 119 ;
Do new 4s coup. No Carolina 6s 127 ]
ex-lnt 123',i Do 4s 10S I
Do old 4s reg 112^ No Pacific lsts 119 I
Do old 4s coup... 113% Do 3s 67%
Do 5s reg ...... 111 : >< Do 4s IW4 1
Do 5s coup, ex- ' NYC& St L 48...1001,
Int 113 Nor & W con 45... W;
I Dist of C 8.65s 117 Do gen 6s 130 |-
Alabama class A. .110 Or Nay lsts...; 110 i
Do class B 110 Do 4s 102',; j 1
Do class C 100 Or S LGs 129
Do Currency 100 . Do con is ...112 M
Atchison Ken 4s...]iU'i Reading Ken 4s — I<s i '
Do adj 4s 53% Rio G \V lsts 97.
Canada So 2ds 110 St L .<• 1 M con 85.109%
?hes & Ohio 4%5.. M% Bt L & S F gen 65.124
Do Cis lU» St I'aul con 16S
C & N W con 75...143>i St 1' C & P 1«t5...126
C & N»W, 8 F. .i 35. 122 | Do Cs 121U
Chi Term 4s '■"' - Bo Railway 5s 10814
; Den •£- Rio G lsts.MOS 1 - Stand R «r T Gs... 89
Do 4s 101% T.nn new set 35... V' '
j I. T V & G 15t5. ...103 jTexas & Pac lsts..ll3'A
1 IJrie pen 4s 72% | Do 2ds -'.4
jKW &D C lsts.. 84'AllTnlon Pac 4s . 106 .
U n Electric r,s.. .116% IT P D & G lsts... ...
U II ft SA 6s 11l IWabafh Isu 116 ,
Do 2ds 111% Do 2d5...., 97
II & T C 5s 112 |\Vest Shore 4s 114
Do con 6* 110 iWis Cent lsts 69
[owa Cent Ists 10S% V*a C.-nturies...:... 84
!KCP ft G Ists ''■'', Do Deferred 8
La new con 4s 109% Colo Southern 45.. 84
I. & N unified 45.. 96%J
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 23 Ontario 5 50
Crown Point 1.1 Ophlr IS'":
Con Cal & V 1 6:. Plymouth 10
Dpadwood 6) Quicksilver !M
I Gould & Curry 35 Do prefd 850
! Hale & Norcruss.. 2*. Sierra vada... 1 '«•
i Homestake 55 wi Standard 2 2..
Iron Silver •67 j Union Con 45
I Mexican 55 I Yellow Jacket 22,
WEEKLY HANK STATEMENT.
NEW YORK. April 15.— The Financier says: j
For the flnrt time since January 28 last the
weekly statement of the New York clearing
house banks shows an Increase in surpl re
i eerve, the gain for the seven days ending with
i •\prii 15 having been almost four and one-half
millions. The highest point attained in the '
■ ■ attei of excess cash during the current year
was on the first date named, when the, sur- j
j plus was over $3,000,000, as against $iy,4i1,025 .
I now.
; But the interim has been marked by an ex
! panslon ol $42,000,000 In loans and 827,000,000 in
I deposits, In addition to the Increased reserve j
I requirement*! due to enlarged deposit liabili
ties, the banks have lost rather heavily to the
interior. Now that this movement is at an
end and the loans are showing a decreasing
; tendency, Bhe normal result favors a rising
percentage of rage reserves and correspond- :
I Ingly easy money market.
In addition to the causes named the payment :
1 of the Philippine Indemnity will have the effect ■
of tnporarily adding to the surplus cash in |
banks, Bince the payment as contemplated at
pn-snnt involves a transfer of the cash to the ,
■ banks in purchase of exchange, the i;!y offset
being the million dollars weekly which the Sec
retary proposes to call from public depositories, •
It will be seen that every factor is operating
to i-Tennthrn the position of the New York In
stitutions, Of the changes in the current state
' merit the mo«t Important is the contraction of
$10,3r.2.2rx) n loans, due in part to Utp heavy*
liquidation of the past ten days and to opera
tions Incident to the financing of several heavy
transactions. The loan contractli n has ha I the
natural effect of reducing deposit liabilities, anj j
the decrease of 86,486,400 is to be thus ac- '
counted for. This slirinlca<;»- reduced the re
! Berve requirement* by 51,62i,6<j0, and a* the gain !
' In cash was t2,BSLIOO the actual reserve Is
I $4,432,700 heavier than for the. previous week.
Wlil'.e. as stated, everything favors an easy
1 prospect for funds. it Is not to be Inferred that
. the market will be the borrowers, since the In
! stitutions are exercising considerable caution
I In advancing money on Industrials, although,
! as a matter of fact, this is not the result of a
I sudden determination, but rather the enforcing
of a policy which to a greater or less extent has
been operative for some time.
THE LONDON MARKET.
; NEW YORK. April 15.— The Commercial Ad- '
. vertlßer*a London cablegram says: The mar
keta here were, idle and featureless to-day.
Americana were firm, fractionally above par- '•
I lty. Atchlson preferred spurted.
i Fifty.-four thousand pounds sterling In cold ■
j bars v..;s UL-lit by the bank; £40,000 arrived '
! from Holland. •- v " -.'
CLOSING.
LONDON, April 15.— Canadian Pacific. 89T4:
. Northern Paclno preferred, 81: t'nlon Pacific
preferred, J>2'4; rand Trunk, 8%. Bar sliver,
27 7-16 d per ounce, Money, 1%&1% per cent. •
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April 15.— FLOUR— Receipts,
i 19.^72 barrels; exports, 18,090. Inactive but
strong.
WHEAT — Receipts, 10,175 bushels. Spot,
6tcady; No. 2 red. 83% c. Options opened easy
under small weekly clearances and conflicting
weather n«-\va, Lut recovered on local buying
for a reaction and a renewal of bad crop news.
Closed st.,,.iv nt -.{. Darttal %c net advance.
I May. 77 9-lf.Ca7(>»»c, closed TS'/sC; July, 'T,bCrfi
7V-c. closed 73>4c; September, 7607(0, closed
76»;c.
HOPS Quiet; State common to choice. 1596
crop. 6f/7c; lS!t7 crop, llfiUc; 1S!)8 crop, 16ifJ17c.
Pacific Const, 1596 crop. »®7c; l N crop, 17(§lSc.
WOOL — domestic fleece, 17(g22c; Texas,
UfjpUc.
HIDES— Galveston, 201i21 pounds. 16%*g> i
17c: T. >.<•>. Fteady, 12Vi®13c; California, 18'4c
COFFEE- Options closed rteh.iy to 5 points
higher. Bales, 10,1*.fl ban. Spot coffee, firm
and higher; No. 7. C-%c; do jobbing, B%c; mild I
tlrm; < 'ordova, 13c.
SUGAR— strong, tending upward; fair
refining. 4V«c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 9-16 c; mo
-1.!.'!.. su^ar. 4c; refined, firm.
BtTTTER Receipts. 3f.1l package*. Market
unsettled. Western creamery, 16%©19 c; factory
13C15c.
I".<;<;S— Receipts, EB3O packages. Strong; "West
■ em. 13%91ic; Southern. Utnt*4c.
DRIED FRUITS.
I.'EW YORK, April 15.— California dried fruits
quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 7<?rSc
; prime wire tray, B%®S%c; choice, 999»4c; fancy'
flOc.
PRUNES— 4Vi@9Hc
APRICOTS— Koyal, 13® 14c; Moorpark, 11%@
'PEACHES— Unpceled, lie.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. April Wheat started quiet
THE SAJS FKAyCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 16, 1899.'
but firm at unchanged prices. Early crop news
wap of a puzzling nature, but later in the day
the " reports became worse than ever, v/hilo
the dry weather was suggestive of still mere
damage. A private cablegram from Berlin in
dicated a possibility of. Russia prohibiting ex
ports of grain on account of . famine. This
announcement, together with the depressing
character of the home crop Information, im
| parted some courage to buyers, and for a time
i the market exhibited an upward tendency.
I The pressure to sell May wheat became quite
1 urgent at times, nnd the early strength grad-
I ually disappeared. May opened at 73^4@73Uc,
I nnd closed at 72%@72»ic. July, after an ad
vance to 74Vj.c, reacted to 73% c and closed at
73\i@73.%c.
Light receipts and good shipping demand
I strengthened corn. May started a shade higher
at 4.!'\,e. and closed at 34%@34%c.
Buying by elevator people against cash naies
steadied oats. May opened a shade lower at
26%@>26%c, : closed 26% c.
Light receipts of hogs had a firming Influ
j ence on the provision market. Shipments of
i meats during the week were liberal. May
pork opened unchanged at $9 05, closed with
sellers at that figure: The range in lard and
i ribs was small. ■
The leading .futures ranged aa follows: •
Articles— *" • Open. High. Low. Clos«.
Wheat No. 2—
: May : 73% 73% 72% 72%
July 74 74% 73% 73%
Corn No. 2 — T^lv- . -.' ■-'. ■ •-:'
May 34% 34T4 31% 34%
July 86% ' 35% 35% 35%
September 86 36 35% 36
Oats No. 2— '
May 2C?4 26% 26% 2«%
July 24% 24% 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 905 9 17% 905 9 12%
July ...9 25 930 9 22% 9 27%
Lard, per 100 pounds — '
May 5 20 6 25 6 20 5 22%
July 5 32% 5 37% 5 32% 535 1
September 5 45 6 5U 5 45 5 47%
Short Ribs, »er 100 pounds-
May .... 4 67% 4 72% 4 67% 4 72%
July". ..4 82% 4 87% 4 S2Vi 4 8. r .
September «96 < 97% 4 9"2%- 4 97%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; winter patents, $3 50@3 60; straits, $:: 20
<&3 30; clears, $3^3 10; spring specials, -$3 10 j
3 25; patents, $3 30@3 70; straits. $2 70®3 10; No.
2 spring wheat, 72@72%c; No. 3 spring- wheat,
67@72c; No. 2 red. 7*>%<a>77%c: No. 2 corn, 34%@
35c; No. 2 oats. 27'4fu27%c: No. 2 white, 30@31c;
No. S white, 29%^)30c; No. 2 rye, 55%@55%c;
No. 2 barley, 89{p47c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 10%; No.
2 flaxseed. yi 24; prime timothy seed, $2 30; mess
pork, per barrel. $9 10(g9 15; lard, per 100 pounds,'
?5 20(55 22%; short ribs sides (loose), $4 45@4 S3;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), $4 37%(fj'4 50; short
clear sides (boxed), 84 95(55 05; whisky, distil
lers' finished goods, per gallon. $1 26; sugars,
cut loaf, S.SOc; granulated, 0.33 c; clover, con
tract grade, $o@6 2u. . .
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 12,000 15,000
Wheat, bur-hels 2."!, 000 9,000 I
Corn, bushels ISB.OOO 106,000 !
Oats, bushels .-..234,000 116.000 1
Rye, bushels 10,000 ! 7.000 I
Barley, bushels 19,000. 12,000 I
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter j
market was (iulet and easy; creamery. 14@19%c; |
dairy. 11%®17%c: Eggs, steady; fresh, 12% c.
Cheese, steady; creams, 11%@12%C.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Recejpts. Shipments.
Cities— .Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 112,500 34,300
Duluth  22,701
Milwaukee 12,000 7.000
Chicago '
Toledo .....' 13.38S 14.000
•St. Louis 13.000 9.000
Detroit 3.519 1,658
Kansas City 18,500 . 11,000
Totals
Tidewater —
New York 10.175
Philadelphia 9,097 55,941 ■
Baltimore ...' 24.521 45.000
New Orleans i
Galveston 12. 150 ■ j
Totals ...•..': ~ ~ZZ
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July.
Opr n ! ng 56% 56%
Closing :
PARIS FUTURES.
• Flour— April. May-Aug.
Opening 42 So '43 75
Wheat— •••••••• ••••.•
Wheat-
Opening 2100 2105
Closing
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. .
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, April 13.— There were not enough
! cattle received day to make a market, and
prices were mostly nominal.
HOGS — There was an active demand for hogs
at a further advance of about sc. Fair to
choice, S3 85@4; heavy, $3 60@3 82%; mixed, $3 70
6.ii 90; butchers', S3 70©3 95; lights, $3 65@a 90;
pigs, S3 30®3 75.
SHEEP — The greater portion of. the supply
of sheep was consigned direct to slaughtering
houses and prices were* nominal, -sheep being
quotable at |3 7.'>tis and lambs $4@5 85.
Receipts— Cattle, 2CO; Hogs, b>>w. Sheep,
1000.
SPECIE MOVEMENT AT NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. April IS.— The exports of specie
from this port for the week are $957,332, of
which 133,888 were gold and $ri44.407 sliver.
The imports were $24,257, of which $8200 were
gold and 510.05G silver.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April 15.— Consols, -110 7-16; silver,
27 7-lC.l; French rentes, lOlf 95c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
,|Uiet.-r: hardly any demand.
LIVERPOOL. April 15.— Wheat, steady;
wheat in Paris, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 11-32 d.
t CLOSING.
WHEAT— No. 1 red Northern, steady;
6s 3d. Futures— Steady. May, 6s 6%d: July,
5s 6%d.
CORN— steady. American mixed, new,
3s sd; do old, 3s 6%d. Futures— Quiet. May,
! 3s sd; July, 3s sd.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, steady;
7s 3d.
HOPS— At London (Paciflo Coast), flrm.
Jl4 10s to £4 15s. ,
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LONDON, April 15. There were numerous
] Inquiries for wool during the week arfd sev
-1 eral transactions In merinos, principally Cape
!of Good Hope and Natal, resulted. During the
! last day or two holders have shown a.n ln
; cllnatlon to refuse olfers at 5 to 10 per cent
above the prices of the March sales.
The arrivals of wool for the fourth series of
I sales which are scheduled to open June 26
amount to 18,394 bales.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
I PORTLAND, Or.. April 13— Clearances, $173,
--333; balances, 123.843. ' . ■'■•<_•>-.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 15.— Wheat—
; Walla. 59'g60c; valley, 5!) c; blue stem, 61@62c.
WABHINGT(
TACOMA, April 15.— The wheat market closed
this week with no change, a slight advance re
corded on Friday being sustained. Receipts
light. Club, 5S%c; blue stem, 61% c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 84 85
Sterling Exchange, Bight — -4 87
Sterling Cables  — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — io
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 6;i%
Mexican Dollars — 48Q48%
WIiEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures were weaker, but th« spot
market was unchanged.
Bpot Wheat— Shipping. $1 05@l 07%; milling,
$1 10(61 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 11%;
24,000, "1 ll'j.
Regular Morning Session— December — 2000 ctls
$1 11%; 26.000, $1 11%. Mny-2CCO. $1-06%.
BARLEY— There was a decline in futures, but
spot grain remains unchanged.
Feed, $1 OS'«1 10; Brewing. $1 12%@1 15 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— Seller '99, new
— 4CCO ctls, S6c.
Second Session— '99, new— ctla,
83Hc; 4000, 85% c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
89% c. Seller '», new— 85% c.
OATS— The market continues very dull at
unchanged prices. . : :',-• -
Fancy Feed. $1 42%©1 45 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 37%©1 40; common, $1 32%@1 36; Sur
prise. H4s©lbO; Gray. si S2U@l'37%; Milling,
$1 40@l 42% per ctl; Red, $1 45@1 50; Blaok, $1 30
m 4ii.
CORN— There is nothing new to report, the
market being very dull.
Small round Yellow. $1 25; Eastern large Yel
low, $1 12%; White, $1 12%©1 17%; mixed, $1 C6»i
@1 10 per ctl; California White, nominal
RTE— Dull nnd lower at $I@l 02% per ctl
BUCKWHEAT— Norn
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The Tartar took for China 2000 barrels of
Flour, valued at BSGM.
FljOUß— California family extras, $4; bakers'
extras, $3 K>@3 90; Oregon and Washington
|3©3 <» per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are aa fol
lows, usual dlrcount to the. trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. $2 75
per luO; Rice Klour, »7; Cornmenl, }2 ;>0; extra
cream Cornmeal. $3 25: Oatmeal. J4 SOO4 75-
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25^3 50; Buck-
Wheat Flour, H<S* 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 50@6 95; in sacks, $6 35®C 75-
Pearl Bailey, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas
$5 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market is so utterly demoralized
j that the board of directors of the Hay Ex
change met and voted to suspend the auctions
I for "the present, as the. very low bids scared
off buyers. So, for the time being, each dealer
will make his own market. Consumers are so
thoroughly frightened that they are bidding
$.)@lO per ton lor good to fancy grain Hay. but
of course they cannot get it at these figures.
I he quotations below must be considered pure
ly nominal and will remain co until the mar
ket gets settled, one way or the other.
Bran and Middlings are in slender receipt
and linn, but no higher.
BRAN-$15(U16 Bu per ton
MIDDLINGS-sl7 60@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $23 50@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; Job
bing, $32632 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal, $2S@3O per ton: Cornmeal, $23 60
(824 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed,
*1« 50(i|17 bo. .
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $13@14 60 for
good to choice and $10@12 for lower grades;
Wheat and Oat, $10@13; Oat, $10i&12; Barley, $9
@11; Alfalfa. Js@7.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $7@S; Cheat.
$66iS; Grass Hay, >b'«o: Oat,.f7®»; Clover. *«»»;
Timothy. $6Ca;7 per ton.
STRAW— 2S@SSc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Lima Beans have again gone up and will"
probably continue to advance until it rains.
No other changes. . ■ •
BEANS— Bayos, $1 75@1 85; Small Whites,
$2 10(g2 20; Large Whites, $1 80@l 90; Pink?.
?2 05@2 15: Reds, $3 25<g3 35; Blackeye, $3 75©
3 86; Butters, $2 25-32 GO; Llmas, $3 75fu3 83;
Pea, $2 ZituZ 50; JXed Kidneys, *2 50<g2 «iv per
ctl. . . .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
, Mustard, 2%@3c; Flax. $2 15@2 25; Canary Seed.
"'■t'f-'-V' per Ib; Alfalfa; 8%#9%c; Kape, Z%@
2-)ic; Hemp, 2%<£3c; Timothy, 5(&5%c.
DRIED -PEAS— $1 65(»1 70; Green, $2®
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 1293 boxes Asparagus, 501 boxes
Rhubarb, 175 sacks Peas and 108 sacks new
Potatoes.
Onions and Oregon Potatoes are higher.
Vegetables show no particular change, the
market being well supplied.
r< ITATOES— JI 4uCril 5o per ctl for Early Rose,
Jl Si al 50 for Kiver Burbanks; Sonoma and
Marln Burbanks, *1 40?il 60 per ctl; Oregon,
$1 15@1 40 for seed and $1 50@l S3 for large;
Sweet Potatoes, |3 for 'Merced* New Potatoes,
, 2@3c per lb.
ONIONS per ctl, outside quotation
I for Oregon.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 50@75c per box
i for No. -, tlCq 1 50 1. r No. 1 and $1 75 for fancy;
; Rhubarb, 35tfj75e per box f«r the general run j
.and 90c@$] tor fancy; Green Peas, 2*950; String
I Beans, 7'fi 10c for green and 7c for Golden I
Wax; Cabbage, $1 2ii@l 60; Tomatoes, $1 75!fi2;
Egg Plant, 10@13c per lb; Garlic, 12%0 per lb; j
Dried Okra, loc per tb; DneJ Peppers, U-e;
Green Peppers, 20c; Carrots, 25@3."c per sack;
Musnroonis, 5y12%c per Ib; Hothouse Cucum- \
bers, 50c4£}l 50 per dozen; Sacramento Cucum
bers, sCii6oc: Summer Squash from Los An
geles, 10@12%c per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Beyond a weakness In Hens there is noth
ing, new. The usual Eastern will ba put on
early in the week.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkey*, 15@17c; live
Turkeys, 13© 14c for Gobblers and 14@15c for !
Hens; Geese, per. pair. $1 50@l 75; Goslings. I
I $2 25@2 f,O; Ducks, $6@7 for old and $7@3 50
■ for young; Hens, $5 50@6 DO; young Roosters, $7 60
<g'j; old- Roosters, $s(fis 50; Fryers, $6<37; Broil
ers, $5@6 for large, $3@4 50 for small; Pigeons,
$1 50 per dozen for old and $2 ■-' 25 for Squabs. !
GAME— Gray Geese, $25-2 50; White Geese. DO
(g'73c; Hare. 75c!§$l; Rabbits, H 25 tor Cotton
tails and $1 for small; "English Snipe, $3 per !
dozen.
butter. CHEESE AND eggs.
Neither Butter nor Eggs show any particu
lar -decline, though both are easy and in good
supply.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 16%@17%c; sec
onds, 16c
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 11®11%c; old.
10(S10%c; Cream Cheddar. 12@12i*c; Young
America. 11%®12%c; Eastern. 11%©14 c.
EGGS— Quoted at 16%@17c for store and 110
lS%c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16@17c per
dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 2S boxes Cherries and 127 j
chests Strawberries.
Arrivals of Cherries continue meager, but
i those of Strawberries are considerably larger, ,
' though prices hold up.
Oranges are In fair demand. Apples are flrm !
at tlir advance already noted.
Di-.« ii.t ■ >Uti KKL'il'S—
Apples, SI 25<31 SO for common, . $2(g2 50 pcr 1
box for No. 1 and $3@3 50 for choice to fancy.
Strawberries, S7fM5 per chest for small and
$sfiß for 1..-. berries.
Cherries Jl 23<iil 50 for white and $2 50 per
box for black.
: CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 23@3 50
' per box; Seedlings, 75c@Jl 75; Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 50jj2: Lemons, 75c@$l 50 for common j
! and $2©2 50 for eood to choice; Mpxtcan j
Limes, $5®6 BO; California Limes, 60i§75c per
I Email box. Grape Fruit, }2&.i. Bananas, SI sU>'# 1
2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $I'@4 DO per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
New York mall advices say: "Prunes re
. tnaln stiff at quotations, with holders Indiffer
ent sellers, and probability of prices advancing
j under pressure of Increasing demand. The
three best consuming months of the year are
ahead, and the total supply available is smaller
than for years. Shortage and high prices in
; all rruits help to hold prices stiff, and the best
qualities are hard to obtain at outside prices !
! now. There is a stronger demand for Oregon
Italians, and holders are 'firm in their views.
, Philadelphia is bare of prunes, or practically j
s.i and Is endeavoring to buy in this market. :
No important sales havo resulted, however, bo .
far as stated."
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50's. 6@
! 5%c for 50-60" B, 4©4% c for 60-70' 3V4®3%c for
70-80' 2 V ®3>-ic for 80-90's, 2%Q2%c for 90-100's '
; and 24r2%C for 100-llO's; Peaches. 8%®9%c for I
; good to choice, 10% c for fancy and for j
I peeled: Apricots. 12%©15 c for Royals and I
for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples, 9<2j9%c; sun !
1 dried. 6c; Black Flprs, sacks. 3>hc; Plums, noml- ;
; nal, 2c for unpltted and 4%®6c for pitted;
I Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown, <S-6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3%c for Seeilless Muscatels nnd $1 20
for London Layers: Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, SMo !
I for hardshell: 10@llc for softshcll; Almonds, I
B@9c ror hardshell. 12@13c for Foftshell, 14(&1.6c ]
for papershell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and :
4%@5c for California: Coeoanuts, $4 50®5.
HONEY— Comb. lOQllc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7*4
@7%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, D®s%c
per lb.
BEESWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Prices, are unchanged. The demand Is fair. i
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8c per lb for heavy,
B%©9c for light medium, 10%@llc for light,
12c for extra light and 12%®13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10%@llc: Califor
nia Hams, 10c: Mess' Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef, $15@15 50; extra
prime Pork, $12;. extra clear $1S; mess, $16; i
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— quoted at 5%@5%c per lb for
compound and 7%@7%c for pure; half barrels,
pure, 8c: 10-lb tins, B%c; 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— 6%@6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, U In
a rase, B%c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, i>%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. B%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c. •■
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND BOPS.
Hides are quoted higher, and the demand is
good, though eume of the tanneries are run
ning only on half time. Tallow continues flrm.
The Wool market is much more active In the
East, which ought to benefit this market.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands lell
about 1c under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9©9% c; light, B%c; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags, 6®6%c; Salted Kip, 9c; Cair
10c; dry Hides, sound. 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 15@15%c; dry Calf, 17c-
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@30c each; short
Wool, 35©60 c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool
SOcfc'H 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $1 75®2 25
for large and $1 for small; Colts, .'Oc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4U@*%c p er lb-
No 2. 3%®;4c; refined, ; Grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Joaquln and
Southern. 7 months, 7i&9c; year's staple, «U0
Sc; Foothill and Northern free, 10@12c- Foot
hill and Northern defective, Big'loo; Nevada,
b@llc.
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain .'...*%®80
; Southern 6@7%0
1 Plain? 4@tic
HOI'S— IB9S crop. 10@llc per lb for ordinary
124fl2VjiC for good and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from first hands. . ; - =
GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 6%0 for June
and July; Wool Bags. 26@28c; San Quentln
Bags. »4 95.
COAL—Welllngton. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, JS; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
»6; Bryant. Jfi; <"nos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 iO-
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, fS In bulk and |D 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14-
Cannel, <X 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, ?7 60; Cuke. $12 per ton In bulk and iU
In sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been three arrivals of coal from
British Columbia with 12,010 tons; two from
Washington, 64W tons; two from Oregon, 823
tons; total. 13, 05S tone. No changes to note in
the fuel line this week; business generally is
reported g,uiet and prices remain steady. The
quantity received here st> far this month la
very light, being about two-thirds of the actual
amount consumed. We have not had a delivery
of foreign coal for three weeks, clearly show
ing that the coast deliveries make us almost In
dependent for luel, and that no famine would
be created if we were without any foreign ar
rivals. Of course, If outside fuel was not im
ported, consumers would be forced to pay high
er prices, as the coast producers would natur
ally increase values if Australia and Great
Britain did not regulate selling prices. Con
• siderable guessing is being done as to the ef
fect to be produced on the luture market, when
grain carriers commence to head this way to'
move our crops. Their incoming cargoes will
probably consist, of fully 75 per cent coal, and
this . should naturally tend to disturb values
somewhat. This is shaped entirely by the
rates of freight they will receive for handling
our grain; If they are liberal, ' coal will be
lower, if not, there will be no marked de
cline." .
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, 5%c; Candy
Granulated, ' 5%c; Dry Granulated, 5V6c; Con
fectioners' A, 6Vic;- California A, 4%c; Mag
nolia A, 4%c; Extra C. 4%c; Golden C, 4%c;
half barrels, V*c more than barrels, and boxes
\<ic more; bags, 1-16 less. No order taken for
less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
• BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are In lighter receipt and a fraction
higher. .The other descriptions are unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— per Ib.
YEAL — Large, 7c; small, 7V 2 @Bc per Ib.
MUTTON — Wethers, 7%@Bc: Ewes, 7c per Ib.
LAMB— Spring. 10@llc per Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs. CfffoUc for small, 6Vi@o%c
for medium and •i' 3 if tor large; stock- Hogs
and Feeders, 4'a4 1 dressed Hogs, 6V£@7V£c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, April 15.
Flour, qr sks 12,201 I Sugar, bbls 254
Wheat, ctls 25jLime, bbls 182
Barley, ctls Hay. tons 273
Corn, ctls. East. COO Straw, tons '.. 26
Cheese, ctls B7|Wine, gals 83,000
Butter, ctls 868|Wool, bales 508
Tallow, ctls 2(H Pelts, Kd15. ....... 491
Potatoes, sks 637lHldes, no 1.3.".0
Bran, 5k5......... 460 1 Eggs, doz..> 28,880'
Middlings, sks 325 j Quicksilver, flkß. 115
Sugar, sks 7. '.','>'• 1 Leather, r0115.... 105
OREGON.
Flour, qr 5k5..... 30,96."> Bran, sks 450
Potatoes, sks 2,2(i4 1 Shorts, Bks 871
Onions, sks.: 160 1
THE STOCK MARKET. '
The only noteworthy change In local se
curities was the advance in Hawaiian Com
mercial to $100 per share. The other sugar
stocks were active and steady.
Mining Btoek's stood about the same. The
telegram from the pump said: '•Elevator
working steadily. Water In the 1750-foot level
winze, twenty-two feet two inches below the
station." : -■-. •'; -'
(Juarterly dividends were paid yesterday as
follows: Bank of California, $3; California
Safe Deposit and Trust Company, $1 50. i
Monthly dividends were paid as follows:
Oakland Gas Company, 25 cents; Pacific Tsle
phone Company, 40 cents; Sunset Telephone
Company, 26 cents.
Mining dividends were paid as follows: An
choria-Leland of Colorado, $l\000; Empire-
State of Idaho, $20,000; Jamison of California,
$11,700; Republic of Washington, $35,000; War
Eai-'le of British Columbia, (26,250.
The Live Oak and Minuett Mining Company
has postponed the lin<iuency or its assess
ment ol 5 cents .in .office to April 24 and the
day x>l sale to May. 9.
The Rose Creek Mining Company of Tu
r olumne County, has levied an • assessment of :
'5 cents per share, delinquent May 11.
The Old Bonanza Mining Company has lev
: ied an assessment of 2ft cents per share, de
linquent May 10.
; Recent Utah dividends are: Grand Central
mine. $37,500 on the 10th; Silver King, $50,000
on the 15th, an Increase of $12,500; Bullion-
Beck and Champion, $10,000; ' Centennial
j Eureka. $15,000. ,
The Portland mine of. Colorado paid a divi
dend of $00,000 yesterday, making $2,077,080 in
all.
The Standard mine of Wallace, Idaho, paid
a dividend of $30,000 on the Ist.
Board —
69 Alaska Packers' Association 110 00
55 Alaska Packers' Association 110 12ft
210 Contra Costa Water: 66 00 .
100 Giant Powder Con 62 00
10S liana Plantation Co 16 75
21.. liana Plantation Co 16 87%
100 Hana Plantation Co 17 00
240 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 99 75
5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 100 00
E0 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 87 ft
50 Hutchinson S P C 0....' 32 00
10 Market-st Railway 63 00 ■
300 Mutual Electric Light 16 00
20 Mutual Electric Light: IS 12ft
700 Paauhau S V Co 38 87&
60 I'acinc Gas Imp.. 77 00
10 S P Gaslight .• : 3 50
E 8 F Gas & Electric Co 73 50
75 S V Water ... 102 00
$1000 S V 4 per cent bonds 104 25
$2000 S V 4 per cent bonds 104 V>Y t
! $3000 S V 6 i»er cent bonds 11 d 62>s
Street—
65 S V Water 102 00
. INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
SO Paauhau S P C 0...: 89.00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 73! 25
10 S F Gaa & Electric Co 73 12^
60 Equitable Gaslight 8 00
in Market-st Railway :.. 63 00
$4000 S V Water 4 per cent 101 00
BONING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Mi rnlng Session.
200 Alta O'.t, 300 Gould & Curry. 40
500 Belcher 36' 200 Gould & Curry. 41
100 Best & Belcher 69 ! 200 Hale & Norcrs. 29
500 Caledonia 33 200 Hale & Norcrs. 2S
100 Chollar 31 800 Justice 16
j 1100 Con Cal * V...1 SO 100 Union Con 49
. 200 Crown Point... IS 100 Yellow Jacket.. 39
20i) Crown Point... 19 300 Yellow Jacket.. 3S
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:.
Morning Session.
i 100 Best & Belcher 59 200 Potosl 26
400 Best & Belcher 60 500 Potosi ; 25
400 Con Cal & V...1 80 700 Savage 29
. 100 Confidence 77 100 Sierra Nev 1 ;. ..1 05
100 Confidence 79 300 Sierra Nev 1 00
; •■ Crown Point... 2'> 300 Standard 2 75
■ 600 Gould & Curry. i\ 300 Union Con ; 49
200 Gould & Curry. 40 300 Union Con R0
600 Hale & Norcrs. 28 200 Yellow Jacket.. 37
500 Kentuck ...05 400 Yellow Jacket.. 38
200 Mexican 69 300 Yellow Jacket.. 39
'CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, April 15—12 m.
Bid.Ask. i Bld.Ask.
Alpha Con 06 07'Julla 03 04
Alta .'. 09 10 Justice 15 .17
Andes 13 14 Kentuck 04 05
Belcher 86 36 Lady Wash.... — 02
Best & Belcher 59 60 Mexican 67 59
Bullion 02 03 Occidental 30 —
Caledonia 31 83. Ophir 110 115
Chollar 31 32 Overman 12 13
Challenge Con. 30 Potosl 25 26
Confidence 78 SO Savage 29 30
Con Cal & V...1 75 180 1 Scorpion 04 —
Con Imperial... 01 02;seg Belcher.... — 03
Crown Point... 19 20 Sierra Nev 100 105
Con New York. 02 — Silver Hill — 04
E Sierra Nev.. 02 — Syndicate — • 06
Eureka C0n.... — 60 Standard 160 —
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 48 49
Gould & Curry. 40 41 Utah 13 14
Hale & Norcrs. 27 28 Yellow Jacket.. S3 89
STOCK and bond exchange.
SATURDAY, April 15—11 m.
Bld.Ask. ■ Bld.Ask.
Bonds— iVn L & P... 7ft 8
4s quar coup..lllftll4 Kquit G L Co. 7% 7%
4s quar. reg... — — . Mutual El Co. 16 16ft
4s quar new.. — 130 Oakland Gas.. 45 43
Ss quar coup.. — Pac Gas Imp.. 76%. —
Miscellaneous— Pac L C 0...... 46% 46%
Cal-st Cab 55. 116 — SF G & E.... 73% —
Cal Elec L 65.12*.',;127V. San Fran 3& 3%
C C Wat 65.... 109 ft — Stktn Gas 6s. — —
Dup-st ex c... — — Insurance —
E L & P 65. .131 — FlrenTs Fund. — 227%
, V & Cl Ry 65. 116 — i Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Anplo-Cal — 67.
(1 C & S 5^8.102% — Bank of Ca1. .256 —
LAL Co 65.. — — Cal S D&T. — —
LA Ry 55.... 105 — Kirst Nationl. — 225
Do gntd .101 — Lon & A... — 132
Market-st 65..12S 12SM>lMer Exchange — ' 16
Do Ist M 55.116>*117 JNev .Nat 8k..150 —
Nr N '"! X 7*. 107 — I Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65.. — Ger S & L.. — 1675
N Ry Cal 55..110%11l Hum S & L.1060 1160
NPC R R 6s. — 107 j Mutual Saw. — 41V4
NPC R R 55.102 — S F Say U.. 500 —
N Cal R R 55. 106 — S & L 50.... — 101
Oak Gas 55... — Security S B 300 3DO
Om C Ry 65..125«4 — Union T Co. — 1450
P & Cl Ry 65.. — /109 Street Railroads—
p& O 6s. 117 — ' California ....113 117
Powell-st 65... — 121% Geary 4.% -
Sao El Ry ss. — — Market-st .... 63 63ft
BF* N P 55.113' i — n a k S L&H. — —
SF & S JVSs.HSUIIS\4 Presidio 14 16U
RierraßCal 65.10.T 1 — | Powder—
B P of Ar 65. .112 112 Hi California .... — 190
S P C 6s (ir»05)110% — >X Dynamite... — 102 ft
SPC 6s (1906) — — .Giant Con Co. 62 —
SPC 6s (1912) — — iVigorlt 2Vi 2ft
SPCIs eg ss. 105 — | Sugar—
P Br 65...... 122*1 — iHana P C 0.... 16% 17
S V Water 65.116HH6% Haw.C & S C.IOO 101
S V Water 4s. 104% — Hutch S P Co. 31% —
S V W45(3dm).101%102V4 Paauhau S P. 35% 39
Btktn Gas 65.101H102>4l M'-cellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al Pac Assn.. 110 110%
Contra Costa.. 66 66>4.Ger Ld Wks..2ou —
Martn Co nil — • |M>r Ex Ason.. SO _
Spring Valley. lol%lo2 Oceanic S Co.. 74 _
- Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... — iy
Capital Gas... — — iPac C Bor Co.lll —
Central G Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 7ft _
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
. Name of Stock. ~ M. T. IW. I tT] FrfsT
Alpha' 06 1 06 06 0«~06~06
Alta | 09 -lOi 09 09 09 09
Andes 15 151 151 15 13| IS
Belcher 36 42! 41 in 351 36
Best & Belcher Kfl 64| 65 G3 80 St
Bullion 03 v-i
Caledonia 36 36 38 3fi 34 33
Challenge 34 36 36 33 30 30
Chollar 82 34 39 37 32 32
Con Cal & Va 1 SO 1 BE 1 90 1 85 1 I
Confidence 80 S, 1 ! 83 SO ....I SO j
Crown Point 20 20 26 24 20 20 i
Gould & Curry 39 43 44 43 41 41
Hale & Norcross 32 30 33 31 29 29
Justice 18 21 21
Mexican 61 64 66 63 59 58
Ophir 1 in 1 15 1 20 1 IE 1 15 1 15
Overman 12 12 13 131 IS
Occidental 33 32 3." S3
Potosi 27 29 32 31 2*- 26
Suvage 32 34 34 33| .
Standard
Sierra Nevada 1 05 1 10 1 1" 1 d:, 1 ■■■« 1 hi
Union 50 53 56 52! 50! 49
I'tah 15 16 17 14 14 13
Yellow Jacket 38 40 43 41 38 39
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
George Plumb to Margaret Plumb, lot on N
line of Harry place. 112:6 E of Laguna Btreet,
E 25 by N SO; also lot on W line of Twenty
seventh avenue, IS3 N of C street, N 25 by W
120; also lots 15 and 16, block 4. Holly Park
Tract, commencing on S line of West Park,
297:11% E of Holly, E 50 by S 100; gift.
Catalina C. Valencia to Bert Schleslnger, lot
on SW corner of Green and Laguna streets, S
25 by W 100; $10.
Christian Warneke to Theresa C. Warneke
(wife), lot on SE corner of Halght and Devis
adero streets, S 25 by E 106; also lot on S line
of Halght street, 125 W of .Scott, W 25 by S
137:6; gut.
Crocker Estate Company to May M. Christie,
lot on W-line of Cole street, 25 N of Frederick,
N r. by \V ISO; SlO.
John Smith to Christina Strobel, undivided
half of lot on XVV line of Mission street, 170:2%
SW of Ninth, SW U:9% by NW 12".; $3000.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to W. A.
Tracy, lot on E hne of Dearborn place (Mission
avenue), 225 S of Seventeenth street, 8 25 by E
105; HOW,
Ann Darman to Anna E. Sheahan, lot on NW
corner of Ford and Sanchez streets, \V 100 by
N 25; gift.
Anton yon Wamel and Anna E H van Wamel
or Anna E V 11 yon Wamel to Alice Brannan,
lot nn S line of Jersey street, 14S E of Sanchez,
E 27 by S 114; $10.
Joseph and Mary Gutberlet to Paolo Segale,
lot on E line of Stockton str.'et. SS7:6 N of
Greenwich, N DO. E 100, S 25, W 2:6, S 25, U
!'7:U: $10.
Archibald J. Treat to Rudolph Spreckels, lot
on E line of O'Farrell alley, 60 N of O'Farrell
street, N 20 by E 60; $5000.
Emma H. Conly (by R. I. Whelan, Sheriff) j
to Elizabeth A. Rodgers,' lot on NW corner of j
Mason and Ellis streets, N CO by W 97:6; also
lot on E line of Leavenworth street, 93:9 S of
O'Farrell, S 43:9 by E 13-7:6; $3000.
Patrick Hogan to Fannie P.. Annie M., Mary
T. and Thomas P. Hogan and Ellen A. Evans
(wife of Arthur W.), lot on W line of Hyde
street, 68:9 S of Vallejo, S 22:11 by W 65:9; also
lot on N line of Green street, 234:3 E of Hyde,
E 25 by N 06; gift.
Estate of George F. Sharp (by John Hunt,
executor) to Edward J. Le Breton, lot on E
corner of Howard and Main streets, NTS 45:10,
S 21:9, W 45:10, NW 21:9 (State title); $100.
Mary S. and George W. Haight to Christopher
and Mary M. Heinz, lot on E line of Van Nr=s
avenue. 46 N of Green street, N 30 by E 125;
$10.
E. J. le Breton to A. P. Hntallng ft Co. (a
corporation), lot on S line of Page street, 137:6
W of Franklin, W 55 by S 120; $10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to John
H. and Ixitta Bohlig'. lot on N line of Fell
street, 82:6 W of Octavla, W 25 by N 120; $4CKW.
Mary S. Crary (widow) to Kate and Mary A.
Newman, lot on S line of Pine street. 66 E
of Uroderick, E. 21:6 by S 92; $10.
Fltz Roy K. and Lotta N. Tobin (by H. M.
Covert, commissioner) to French Savings Rank,
lot bn W line of Lvon street, 75 N of Geary.
N 2.". by W 100; $2144.
Alfred Olson to George G. Gere, lot on N line
of Waller street, 137:6 E of Stanyan, E 27:6 by
N ss: $io.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators aie cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on. hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower o' the new F»rry
butldmg at the foot of Market street is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the bal! was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKIN'S,
Lieutenant. T' P. N.. In charge.
BUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Pay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. APRIL IS.
Sun rises 5:31
I Sun- sets..., 6:46
| Moon sets 0:16 a. m.
0 Time Time Time Time
'£. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
<»HW LW HW L W
16 ... 3:05 4.8 10:22 0.5 6:00 4.3 10:34 3.3
17... 4:11 4.4 11:21 0.7 6:591 4.6
JL Wl [II W LWj . H W
18 ...I 0:031 3.11 5:31 4.1 [ 12:11 I.o* 7:38 4.8
19 ... 1:11 2.9 6:44 4.0 12:391 r.2l 8:08 4.9
20 ... 2:001 2.4 7:49 4.1 1:451 1.3 8:37 5.1
21 ... 2:39 1.9] 8:41 4.1 1 2:20 1.5 9:05 5.2
122...1 S:l4| 1.41 9:31( 4.3 2:54! 1.7 9:30) 5.4
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
; hand column and the successive tides of the
! day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column Rives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
j given are additions to the soundings on the
! United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign — precedes the height,
i and then the number given is subtracted from
' the depth given by the charts. The plane of
r->feronfp Is the ihmti nf th» lower low watfr*.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Aloha Point Arena Apl. 16
Orizaba [Newport Apl. 16
Progreso [Seattle Apl. IS
Brunswick [Grays Harbor Apl. 16
B. Hernster....|C6quille River Apl. 16
Pomona [Humboldt I Apl. 17
Queen I Victoria Si Puget Sound Apl. 17
Crescent City.. . 'Crescent City : Apl. 17
Samoa [Humboldt '. |Apl. 18
Santa Rosa ISan Diego JApl. 18
Coptic China and Japan Apl. 18
Columbia (Portland Apl. 20
Coos Bay Newport |Adl. 20
Czarina Victoria & Puget Sound Apl. 20
Point Arena — Point Arena Apl. 20
North Fork Humboldt Apl. 21
City of Para. ..[Panama Apl. 21
Areata Coos Bag Apl. 22
Corona (San Diego Apl. 22
Walla Walla... Victoria &. Puget Sound Apl. 22
Bonita Newport Apl. 24
Alliance Portland.... Apl. 24
State of Cal....JPortland ..[Apl. 25
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
Corona ....(San Diego Apl. 16. 11 am' Pier 11
Umatilla ..'Vic & Pgt Sd. Apl. 16. 10 am' Pier 9
Areata [Coos Bay Apl. 17, 4 pm Pier 13
Bonlta Newport Apl. IS, 9 am Pier 11
Orizaba Alaska Apl. IS, 10 am Pier 9
Newburg . . Grays Harbor Apl. 18, 5 pm Pier 2
State Cal... 'Portland Apl. 18. 10 am Pier 24
San Jose... Panama....... Apl. 18. 12 m PMSS
Mariposa ..Sydney Apl. 19, 10 pm Pier 7
Aloha 'Point Arena.. ' Apl. 19, 3 pm'Pler 2
Pomona ....IHumboldt 'Apl. 19, 2 pm'Pler 9
Santa RosafSan Diego Apl. 20, 11 am. Pier 11
City Rio J..lChtna<fc Japan' Apl. 20, 1 pmIPMSS
Queen IVlc & Pgt Sd.'Apl. 21, 10 am I Pier 9
Coos Bay... I Newport lApl. 22. 9 am|Pler 11
Pt. Arena.. l Point Arena.. Apl. 22, 3 pm Pier 2
Columbia .. 'Portland I Apl. 23. 10 ami Pier 24
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydroßraphio Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
April IS. 1599.
The time hall on th° tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at '
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
r. o. cai.ictxs,
Lieutenant. T. S N* in r-harire.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. April IS.
Stmr Sunol, I/ishlu:. 56 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, S4 hours from Ta
comn.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. 58 hours from
Grnys Harbor.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwinff, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg
Stmr Eureka, Asplund, S4 hours from Coquille
River.
Stmr Aroata. Reed. 44 hours from Coos Bay,
yip. Pert Orford SS hours.
Stmr Newburg, Hantcn, 63 hours from Grays
Harbor.
nark Guy C Goss, Mallett, 154 days from
Philadelphia.
Br bark Zlnlta. Uwton, 155 days from Ant-
werp.
Schr Glen. Nielsen. 3<-i days from Coos Hay.
Schr Emma Claudlna, Nielsen, 36 hours from
Eureka.
Schr Moonlight, Person, 9 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Newark. Beck, 15 hours from Bowens
Landing.
CLEARED.
Saturday, April 15.
Stmr Umatllla. Cousins Victoria, etc; Good
al S-tmr r Co n rona. C Debney. San Diego; Ooodall.
P StS?Ate V California, Goodall. ABtoria;
fSSVJSS;^ £*. Eureka; Charles Nel
i S °Shin Oriental. Parker, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Pacekrs' Association. N«el~n. Bristol Bay: Pa-
Schr R W Bartlett, Nielsen, Bristol Bay, ±-a
cifis Steam Whaling Co. Tj^otnl B4y:
Schr Ralph J Long, Federsen, Bristol Bay.
C E Whitney & Co.
BAILED.
StmrGeorsa Loomis, Brid?ett. Ventura.
Stmr Navarro, Higrglns, Caspar.
Br stmr Tartar, Pybus, Hongkong, via an
couver.
I Schr Mary Etta, Nyman. . t,i ot -
Sch'r Lizsie Prien, Hanson. Coqullle River.
Schr Olga, Ipsen. Hana and Xanuiui.
CHARTERS. •
The Aloha and Mohican load mdse for Hono-
Tlia Andrada loads lumber on the Columbia
River • t Cork, 60s. The Brussels loads red
wood for Cork, owners' account.
The Levernbank loads Wheat at Tacoma, for
Europe, 255.
SPOKEN.
Per Guy C Goss, Feb 2, lat 6T 15 8, long
71 26 W— Ship George Stetson, from, r*ew
York, for San Francisco. _ , _. _
March 5, lal 22 S, long 30 W— Br ship Way
farer, from Tacoma, for Liverpool.
Per Zinita, April 5, lat 29 17 X. long 132 67
W -Ship George Stetson, from New York, for
San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— April 14— Pchr John A
Campbell, from Honolulu: Btmr Czarina, from
Seattle. ■
failed Arril Schr Annie Larsen, for San
Pedro.
POINT REYES -Passed April 15— Stmr Pasa
i dena, from Eureka, for San Pedro.
SEATTLE — Arrived April 14— Schr Lena
Sweasey, hence \ : . i- i 14. April 15— Stmr Lau
rada, from Dyea.
Sailed April ir— Stmr Cottare City, for I>yea.
PORT BLAKELEY- Sailed April 14— Schr
Challenger, for San Pedro.
FORT ROSS— Arrived April 15— Schr Mary C,
hence Auril 14. .- _
Sailed April Schr Mary C, for San Fran-
GREENWGOD- Sailed April 15— Stmr WbJte»
, boro, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND- Passed in April 15— Br
; stmr Glenogle, from Yokohama, for Tacoma;
Br shiD Levernbank, from Victoria, for Ta
coma.
Passed out April 13— Br bark Dominion, from
! Port Blakeley, for Sydney.
PORT CLARENCE— Arrived previous to I>O
3— Schr Mary Bidwell, from Nushagak, »or St
■ Michael.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed April Schr Maria
i E'Smit h , for San Francisco.
Arrived April Bark Carondelet, henc*
April 4.
EUREKA— Arrived April Stmr Alliance, .
hence Apr.l 13. ' .■ '. •
DO— Arrived April Stmr Ruth,
from Ventura.
PORT ANGELES— CIeared April 15— Haw
ship Hawaiian Islps, from Chemainui, for
Melbourne or Adelaide.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK- April 14— Ship Ellen A
Read, from Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Arrived April 14— Stmr Alllanc*.
from New York.' :
FALMOUTII— SaiIed April 14— ship Thora
lieb&nk, for .
TABLE BAY— Arrived April 7— Fr bark Mar
guerite Klise, from Oregon.
VALPARAISO— Arrived April 13— bark
I.aUa Rookh, from Newcastle. NSW.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
GENOA— April 15— Stmr Ems. from
New York, for Naples.
ANTWERP— Arrived" April Stmr Frie»
land, from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April Stmr Teuto
nla, from New York.
HAMBURG— Arrived April 15— Stmr August*
Victoria, from. New York.
HONGKONG Arrived previously— Etmr Fan
Tanp. from Portland.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Cfc. Eteamers leave Broadway
' Tjfoß-- wharf, San Francisco:
ISffiSStSifc. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. ra.,
HpffjSjttfc Apr 1 - 6 - n < 16 < n - 26. Ma 1;
1 J*. ft!E\ifta change at Seattle.
: e&a£€B3 W3 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
l«fl|!!l*ff»I C). Port Townsend. Seattl*.
i"^yfc-*ntV*\ Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m., Apr. 1. 6, 11. 1». 2L
26, May 1, nnd every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Aw. 4,
9, 14. 19, 24, 29, May 4, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cru*. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Hnrford (San Luis Obinpo),
Gavir.ta. Santa Barbara. Vpntura. Hueneme,
San Pedro. East Fan Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Apr. 2. 6. 10. 14. 13. 22, M.
80, May 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. Apr. 4. 8. 12, ]6, 20. 24, 28, May 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Fnsenada, Matrdalena Bay, San Jone del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Pai. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of eaca
month.
Fcr further Information obtain folder.
The cempany reperves the right to chanr*
without previous notice steamers, salllns; dates
art<l Tinnrs of ■srrlilne .
TICKET OFFICK— 4 New Montgomery,
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Airts.. -
• 10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DTPPATCH FAPT STEAMERS TT»
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m. i;i ■■ '..:
CADC $ 2 First Clasi Incladtng Borthi
rMnk £8 Second Clast and MeaU.
Columbia ealU March it. 24; April X, 14. JJ.
Etate of Callfcrola sails March IS. 28; inrn
«. 18. K. • -
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Norttawan.
Through Uckets to all points East.
K. C. WARD, General Anat
630 Market strs«C
OOODAXJb. PERKINS & CO..
' ' . Supertntemdaot.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW 70RK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
From New York F/veTy Wednesday 10 a. m.
Bt. Louis April 12 I St. Louis May I
Paris April 19 Paris May It
New York April 26 St. Paul May IT
: I RED STAR LINE.
New York mid Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Southwark April 12 Noordland May S
Westernland ...April 19 Frlesland May II
Kensington ....April 26 Southwark May 17
EMPIRt LINE.
6eattle, St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sago apply to ■
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
20 Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARTJ Wednesday, April 11
AMERICA MARTJ Saturday. May •
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. June I
Round trlD tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlca.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
1
©HIPKMB#I S - S. Marlposa
ll&S^'lsC Fail 9 via Honolulu
1 fc * a . nd Auckland for
gj -^—-^- Sydney Wednesday,
§Tfoni\hjnc) The S. S. Australia
GJ'js" l ;*' l !;,, The for Honolulu
GfIWIIUHH/ ni , a flir Honolulu
K)mF)?f?Jt- Wednesday, May 3, at
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia. India. Suez.
England, etc.; $'>10 first-class.
J. D. SPRECKELS& BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. s-iie»»
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <%f£rTs
from Pier 42, North River, foot of J"i'»
Morton st. LA TOURAINE, April 22; LA
GASCOGNE. April 29; LA NORMANDIE, May
6: LA CHAMPAGNE, May 13: LA BRK-
TAGNE. May 20. Finrt-class to Havre. $65
and upward. 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second-class to Havre. $45; 10 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR DNITED STATES AND CANADA, 3
TV.wHnpr Green, New York. .T p FUGAZI &
CO., Pacific Coast Agents, E Montgomery aye..
San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STSAMEK3.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
Beginning April 21, THI-: STEAMER H. J.
•CORCORAN
Will leave Wasblngton-atreat wharf at S a. m.
daily, returnir.i: from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted.) Regnlar steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA .NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 803.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Moaticello."
Will be laid off the route for general repairs
for about 10 days, commencing Monday night.BOYS' AND GIRLS' PAGE.
In the dream of AJ Araaf
his blood wu HkA a river, wide and pwift. Flowing from his veins,
the drops were multiplied beyond number, so that a trickling rill be
came a mighty flood, that chafed the shores of a great valley set be
tween two moui ges and sped onward until the flood came to
where th.ere was a castle, in which the plant, Abraminidln, was. Out
from the Black Forest, that surrounded the castle walls, came ranging
wild b< ns, panthers, tigers, leopards, and all the wild beasts of
the f world, and they plunged Into the flood and drank
and they were all made proof against fire and water and spears and
swords. v. ' ugh they fought savagely and each tore the
ther with fierce claw- -h, yet there was not one
that they could not vanquish their enemies, they fought
the m v. f-r when was such a thing ever seen before from the
t f the world?
stle walked abroad Abramlnldin. Now, when his ears
the wild beasts he climbed upon the wall of the
When he saw that the beasts could not die by
teeth or of claws, he was afraid, for he had the heart of a
Ed the i d around the castle, and Its wave? came closer
the castle, the tide ever rising, rising. When the flood
the castle it could not be kept out, but crept in like
toward the castle and stealthily went across the floor.
.■>re it filled the castle gardens, and there was no place left
' crounds. So now the plant Abramlnldln was
within the castle, for the flood was over the wall and
Its Burface came swimming all the fierce wild beasts, calling
■ eance upon Abraminidin, whom they had come to think
• aemy. Up th< the castle the wild beasts crept, their
laws holding to the vines that h;id be'.-n trained from the
I to the roofs and tower tops. Into every window they glared,
and tried to enter by tearing off the iron bars that had been embedded
giants in the stones. Within the castle were all the giants who
n that land. They, with great kuotted clubs, reaching from
the windows, fought the wild beasts, striking them terrifically upon
their cruel heads; but all in vain. The wild beasts could not be
. • .ff, but clung to the walls until the red flood, rising higher and
and running more and more swiftly, carried them away.
" said the magician, Al Araaf. as he dreamed, "I see that this
mean? that I sir he giants to die. and that the whole land will
swim In blood, and that the wild beasts shall not remain to occupy the
land after all the giants are gone forever. That will be all the better
for me. for then I will own all the land, and there will be neither man
nor beast to dispute me."
THE CAMEL AND THE
TREE THAT RAN AWAY
ONCE upon a time there lived In
a gr> -a poor old one-eyed
camel. He waa very very old; so
he could barely move about.
There was not much to eat or
much to drink in this desert, but every
here and thore grew a blade of grass,
and occasionally there was found a
of water, and by constantly mov-
Ke around the old fellow managed to
get something to eat and also some
thing to drink.
I me day while in search of his cub-
tomary blade of grass and drink of
■water he saw nway oft' In the distance
a tree. At the Bight of it his only eye
lit up with great pleasure, for he knew
where there was a tree there are a lot
of trees, and where there are a lot of
trees there is a lot of grass, and where
there is a lot of grass there is a lot of
■water, and where there is a lot of water
there are a lot of camels. That is what
made the poor old forlorn camel so hap
py, and he gave a loud cry of Joy and
Btarted off as fast as he could toward it.
And he ran, and he ran, and he ran.
And he ran all that day and all the next
day, but, much to his surprise, got no
nearer to it.
"Well." he =aid to himself, "that is a
remarkable funny tree. I have run aa
as I could for two days and one
night, and it seems as far off as ever."
Then ho stopped and took a good look
at it.
"Yea, it is a suro enough tree, but one
can see so far in the desert that I have
misjudged the distance. But I think
far away from it now,
and I will try again."
S> once more he ran toward it.
: he ran, and hf ran. and he ran.
lie ran all that day and all the
next day, but still got no nearer to it.
He attain stopped ana looked at It.
"It is a tree, sure enough," he said,
"but why don't i < to 11 .'" And he
prratrhed his head with his left hind
hoof.
"I muFt be dreaming," he again said,
whfn he looked and r.till saw th-
Just ahead of him. He shut his eye for
HIS Is another part of the Btory
found In the parchment con
cerning: which Omar wrote. It
tells of the dreams of Al Araaf,
the magician, who elept while
Prince I Don't Care and Blood
flllikln, his hound, were draw-
Ing near to the Castle of Al
Kabo. It Is aIBO the Btory of
what came of those dreamß of
the magician. Now, upon the
right hand of Al Araaf there
was a magic ring for protection.
"U"h*»n the senees of Al Araaf
were asleep the ring kept his
mind busy. As he fell upon the
castle floor the magic ring
struck upon a sword that stood
behind a curtain, and the sword
wounded the magician's hand bo
that he bled. And the blood
touched the garments of the
slumbering mice, and they were
nil turned to a fiery red, and
the magic of Al Araaf was with
them from that moment.
a few moments and again looked. It
was still there.
Then he scratched his head again,
and this time with his right hind hoof,
and then he started for It once more.
And he ran, and he ran, and he ran.
And he ran all that day and all next
day, but still got no nearer to it.
he gave It up, and seeing a blade
of grass and a drink of water he made
haste to eat his supper.
Then he lay down to sleep, and, much
to his surprise, the tree lay down, too.
"That is a strange tree," said the cam
el, and he got up, and the tree also got
up.
That tickled the camel bo he laughed,
and the tree laughed, too, which so
Btartled the old fellow that he Jumped
sideways. Then the camel movedback
ward, and the tree moved forward.
Then the camel-moved forward, and the
tree moved backward, and they kept
this backward and forward movement
up all night, and in the morning the
camel got mad and again ran after the
tree. . • •■
And he ran, and he ran, and he ran.
And hf- ran all that day and all the next
day, but pot no nearer to It.
I guess I will ~'ve It up," he said.
-y, very tired, so he lay down
and went to sleep, but before he closed
his eyes he saw the tree Uf dow.n too.
The old fellow was so worn out that
h>- Blept for five days and nights, and
when he awoke he still saw the tree
lying down, but he decided to pay no
more attention to It. When he arose,
the tree also arose.
Then, much to his surprise, the tree
camp toward him, and very soon came
to where he was. Then the tree bowed
very low and politely, and said: "Good
morning. Mr. Camel; how are you?"
The camel also bowed politely and an
swered: "I am very well, I thank you.
But why did you run away from me?"
"Why did you run after me?" asked
the tree.
"I ran after you," said the camel,
"because I saw you, and knew where
THE SAN FKANCTSCO CATX, SUNDAY, APRTL If?, 1899.
The CASTLE
of AL KABO.
And Al Araaf, the wicked, dreamed again. The red flood was gone
away and the land was bare once more. Into the sea every tree and
every castle that had belonged to glar*-- "nd all the fields had been
pwept by the flood. The poll that had borne fruitful crops was all
gone, and below, where the soil had been, was only a world of stone.
In all directions were awful mountains of solid black, rocks and valleys
of flint, In all of which was no living thing. "It does not matter," eaid
the magician. "I will go hence upon my magic carpet and Journey until
I find the Rlessed Islands, which are surrounded by a high wall, made
so stout by the magicians who live there that not even the sea can
break through it. There I will feast and dwell."
And Al Araaf, the wicked, dreamed again. Behold, he had Jour-
neyed over the seas and had entered Into the Blessed Islands. Flower
ing gardens and fruit-laden orchards of the apple and the orange and
peach and plum and cherry, and all other fruits of the earth, were
there. He saw his brother magicians, who came forward to greet him
and to tell him that this should be his home. And he was happy, and
never thought once of all the unhappy ones in other parts of the world
who hail lost their homes and their all and were In distress, for he
was wicked. There was upon the Blessed Islands a King of Magicians,
who waa very bad-tempered. To him came Al Araaf and quarreled.
Filled with anger against Al Araaf was the King, and he counseled
with his friends what to do. It was not possible to send Al Araaf
away; nor would the mag-ie arts of the King- work against Al Araaf
without bringing trouble upon all the magicians, for he was the great
est of them all excepting the King. Wherefore Al Araaf, having
learned of this determined to make the King a prisoner in a
there is a tree there are a lot of trees,
and where there are a lot of trees there
Is a lot of grass, and where there is a
lot of grass there is a lot of water, and
where there is a lot of water there are
a lot of camels. That la why I ran after
you, Mr. Tree."
"I know where there are a lot of
trees," said the other, "and if that is
all you want I will take you to them."
The two started off, and they walked
and they walked and they walked all
that day and all next day, but still saw
no trees. And .the poor old camel got
very, very tired. The tree tried to
cheer him up. "We will surely find them
ti.-nifTiMw." But they walked all that
day and all the next day and the day
uft»r and the day after that, but still
saw no trees.
After a good night's rest the tree
persuaded the camel to try again, and
mountain cave deep under the sea. He opened a great chasm where
the King would pass, and when the King fell in he closed up the
ground and spnke such words over it that even the King was not able
to break the spHl and get out. Then once more Al Araaf rejoiced, for
all the other magicians were compelled to do his bidding, and he was
the King while he should keep the rightful King a prisoner.
"It is as easy," he said, "to put out a King of Magicians from his
islands as it was to trick the giant Abraminidln out of his castle. And
Al Araaf was very proud of his skill and wickedness.
And Al Araaf dreamed again. He was the King of the Magicians
upon the Dieted Island; but he was not at ease. The King, who
was imprisoned in the cave under the sea, would not rest until he
could secure his own once more, and from hie prison He was able to see
Al Araaf, and knew all that he did. His charms were not enough to
disturb Al Araaf. "Wherefore the King, in hla anger, burning hotly,
said: "I will rend open the earth, even down to Its innermost and most
awful fires; into this cavern I will let In the sea. The water of the sea
shall fill the middle of the earth. The water shall turn into steam, and
the steam shall burst open the roof of my prison, and all the Blessed
Islands shall be destroyed, since I can no more reign In them. It Is
well; for vengeance upon Al Araaf must be mine. He shall not reign.
Vngrateful Al Araaf, to whom I gave a home and who has robbed me
of my power and cast me into a dungeon!" Filled with fury, the King
worked day and night for many days; but on'y when Al Araaf slept.
The King saw the dismal fires in the heart of the earth glowing with
white heat, and then, the hour having come, ho let in the sea to his
cave. The waves rushed in with loud, glad voices and leaped In a sheer
fall, and with a mighty shock, far down into the earth.
The cave was fllkd with steam, which, being imprisoned, shook the
earth wtth a great Bound and commotion. High as the skies the rocky
roof of the cave was hurled. All the earth trembled to Its foundations.
Not one stone was left upon another of all the mlphty castles of the
plants in all the world. Rent wide apart by the shock, the Blessed Isl
ands crumbled Into the sea and disappeared. Al Araaf, swimming in
the sea, which, was now one terrible whirlpool strewn thickly with
jagged rocks, made his way painfully to an island, around which the
waters surged fearfully. If he had refused to seek safety he might
have been still a great magician, but when he sought to save himself,
j'.:st as any ordinary man might do, his magic left him, and he wept.
'And Al Araaf dreamed again. There was a mighty Prince who
came to a high castle, and, beating upon the castle gate with the hilt
of his sword, ordered it to swing upon Its hinges; but it was steadfast
and would not move. Then the Prince fastened a knot of black cloth
to his sword hilt and commanded:
"Open, in the name of the Black Robe!"
Then the gate was opened by itself, and the Prince came Into the
courtyard of the castle and drew near the castle door, and having seen
that the castle was grown full of poppies he shouted:
"Come out. Giant Abraminidln, great coward that you are, and
fight Prince I Don't Care, who is here!"
And th^n Al Araaf saw the giant Abraminidin come in through the
castle gale.
"Die, dwarf!" shrieked the giant, as he ran forward, trying to
they walked half a day, when the tree
said: "I see them now, I think. But let
me get on your back and I will be able
to see much plainer."
The camel knelt, as requested, and
the tree got on his back and wrapped
his roots around him. Then he told the
poor old fellow he saw the trees a little
off to the right.
The camel looked and looked and
looked, but could pee nothing. "That 18
because I am higher than you," eald the
tree. "But If you walk real fast we will
get to them before night."
They started off, and at first the old
camel was so happy to know they were
so near the trees he forgot all about the
load on his back. But toward night he
became so tired he could hardiy drag
his feet along, and he begged the other
to get off, but the tree refused to do
so. "Why should I get off?" he said. "I
am tired of walking, and as I am show
ing you the way you ought to carry
me."
The poor camel was tired too, but he
thought It a fair bargain, and kept on
until dark. But still they saw no trees,
and he wanted to He down and rest, but
the selfish tree refused to let him.
The old fellow begged and begged and
bf^pjed. but the tree would not get off.
Then the camel lay down and tried to
roll the other off, but failed.
Then the tree Bald: "You had better
move on." And the camel said, "I will
not!" And the tree said, "You will, or
I will choke you!" "You will be hanged
if you do," said the camel. "I will be
hanged if I don't," swore the tree.
Then the camel lay down again, and
the tree choked the poor old fellow, and
was hanged, just as the camel said he
would be. R. W. RIGGS.
strike Prince I Don't Care with % swotA.
"Ha! Ha!" lauphed Prince I Don't Care merrily, as he ran behind
a hugr Tebo tree, which was so large that a regiment might have
made their camp under the shade of its branches.
Ar< und and around the Tebo tree nimbly ran Prince I Don't Care,
an 1 the giant. Abraminidin followed until he was out of breath, but
never catching up with the Prince. When the giant was tired he sat
down upon a stump of a tree to rtst, and the Prince sat upon the
gTOund and laughed at the giant.
"Ho, ho! lazy bones 1" cried the Prince. "You are slower than th«
■nails are in my land. Who ever told you that you could run?"
Then Abramlnidin was furious, and called upon his brother, Hard
flst, who had Just come in through the castle gate, to seize Prince I
Don't Care. Now the boasting Prince was a prisoner once again.
"I don't care," said the little man, "this may be a new adventure."
The two giants would have killed Prince I Don't Care then and
there, but Abraminidin saw that the castle doors and castle windows
were filled with poppies.
"Come, brother, let us solve this mystery first, and then we will
look out for the little Prince," said Abraminidin to Hardflst. But the
g-iants did not get far. The smell of the poppies put them to sleep, for
the poppies still had power over giants, and they fell upon the floor of
the castle. Then they wore at the mercy of Prince I Don't Care.
The Prince did not draw his sword. "Tush," he said, "I will wait
until they awake before I fight the giants. But, now, let me see what
all this meanß. Lot me play fair, whatever happens!"
You will understand that Prince I Don't Care could not be put to
slejp by the r.orpies any more, and as he was not afraid of ali the
giants on earth he took the chance of their waking as he boldly cut
his way into the castle among the poppies with his sword.
This last dream of Al Araaf was real. The Prince soon found him,
and by the use of the knot of cloth on his sword hilt, which was a
piece of the Black. Robe, succeeded in making him open his eyes. Up
jumped the magician, now wide awake, the popples having been de
stroyed by the Prince, and Al Araaf shouted:
"Who are you?"
"Prince I Don't Care, at your service."
The magician threatened the Prince. At the same Instant, there
being no more poppies to make them sleep, Prince r Don't Care having
destroyed the plants, the two giants came running swiftly up the castle
stairs. Prince I Don't Care was therefore threatened by the two
giants on one Bide and by Al Araaf upon the other. Above the head of
the magician the sword of light once more sparkled. That was a dan
gerous time for the Prince. D. H. W.
(To be continued.)
A QUIET CHAT WITH
OUR YOUNG FRIENDS
Y~U did not all guess all the puz
zles last week— not by any
means. That will be made clear
to you by the correct answers,
which are given as follows: Sac
ramento, Auburn, Bakersfield, Truckee,
Grass Valley (valet), Millbrae (bray),
Tres Pinos. Tour failures were mostly
with the names Grass Valley and Tres
Pinos. Those were somewhat hard to
find out. The idea was to give only
the names of very well known Cali
fornia towns. This week you may pur
sue your studies in the geography by
making out the names of California
mountains as they are herewith plc
tur« d. Here is the roll of honor for last
■week :
Allle Akin, 8062 Twenty-fourth street,
Ban Francisco (Allle polved the town
names puzzles and also the Revolutionary
War nami's puzzle correctly): Edith
Searle, 2115 Alameda avenue, Alameda;
Howard Taylor, 524 William street, Oak
land; Raymond de Sanno, Vallejo; Olivia
Wright, Berkeley; Esmeralda Church,
San Francisco; Gertrude Lang-staff, 173
Tremont avenue, San Francisco; Hazei
Brier, 1116 Thirteenth street, Sacra
mento; Theodore Smith, 1303 Seventh
avenue. East Oakland; Carrie G. Bur
bank, 17C1 Alcatraz avenue. Lorin; Lulu
Schrooder, Alameda; Grace Lloyd, 2E 7
Butter street, San Francisco; Mamie
Fitzgerald, Gilroy; Hazel Allen, Lincoln,
Cal.; W. C. Culbert. 210 Turk street, San
Francisco; Hazel Watsorr San Francisco;
Luellaßhubert, Red Bluff; Elmo Bennett,
Crllroy; Emeile Houston, E>2 Silver street,
San Francisco- Jean McCloud. 2522 Cali
fornia street, San Francisco; Leita Rob
erts, 932 Dolores street, San Francis-.);
Edna Prosek, 508 Hermann street, San
Francisco; Henry A. Hussey, Vallejo;
Minnie Krrps. Petaluma; Bertha Mar
, cum, Valle.io.
Dora P. Coon, Folsom, Cal.; James S.
Greer, 4120 Twenty-fourth street, San
Francisco; Edna Rain!'.. Alvarado; and
Mabel Nutting, San Francisco.
Howard Antrim, 2531 Tost street. San
Francisco, guessed all the puzzlea with
one exception; Nannie Scott, 1117 Fol
som street. Ban Francisco, and Carrie
Austin, 24 Perry street^ found that puzzle
No. 5 was probably Tomales, but were
correct on all the other puzzles, so the
Joke is on the designer of the puzzles,
who confesses that he had no thought of
a tamale outfit when he planned that
puzzle; Gertrude Harries, 1361 Jack
eon street, Oakland, made No. 6 Vallejo,
but had all the others right; Viola Han
sen of Redwood City answered all cor-
rectly but one: Philip Zlpf of Grass Val
ley oddly enough failed to recognize his
own town, but made out all the others.
Others who were right with one excep
tion are: Paul Turner. Santa Rosa; Ger
trude O'Keefe, 195 West St. James street,
San Jose; Ali.-t- Partington, 1121 Eddy
Btreet, San Francisco; Amanda Her
mann, 1139 Shotwell street, San Fran
cisco. One of our puzzlers sent In a
nearly correct list from 1630 Eddy street,
and forgot to send his (?) name.
Two llttlo girls, seeing a picture of two
men walking in the town names (puzzles)
figured out that the name was San Joa
qiiin" (walkln 1 ), which was very ingenious,
truly.
Stories written by George "W. Slmonton
of Vallejo, Cal.; Isabel Wllkie. 4I« Oak
street, San Francisco, and Robbie Rhodes,
Uklah, Cal., will be published.
Viola Hanson of Redwood City pends
the following answers to her Revolution
ary War names puzzle published last
Sunday morning:
1 — Andre S— Princeton 15 — Sumter
Z— C.ates B—'.'. 16— Yorktown
B— \V h1 t c 10— Adams 17— Cowpenfc
Plains 11— Putnam 18 — Vulture
4— dreene 13— Charles- 19— Henry
s—Howe5 — Howe town 1 Morgan
6— Long Isl- 13— Washing- 21— North Ca.ro
and ton Una
7— Stony Point 14— Lee
The pictures published this morning,
representing the letter carrier bringing
answer^ from the children to the puz
zle-, may be a little overdrawn. Bron
strup was given permission to picture
a humorous view of the situation. Fun
is something that we all like.
3132
ThjEATERS.
Continued From Pa^e Twenty-Nine.
press, with an absolute unanimity, com
mends him and his work.
The Wednesday programme Is as rol
lows:
Prelud* »n<l Fugue (D major) Bach
fionata, Op 53 Beethoven
(a) Nachstuck, Op. 23, No. 4; (b) Toccata,
Qp : , Schumann
(a) Bolero Op. 19: (b) Nocturne. Op. 37, No.
2; v) Etudr rh ',\ pi
(<1) Rlsuudon, Op. 201. No. 3.. «a«i
(a) Auf Fluegeln dos Ge5an5ep.. ............
Mendelssohn-Liszt .
th) "Munnure dv Vent" (Etude) Saner ,
Rhapsodle No. 9.. L4Wt
Scats may bo reserved at Kohler &
Chase's or at the Grand Opera-house.
The Ghutc3.
At th? Chutes Lunette, the hypnotic ;
marvel. is new nr.rl Interesting, and the
London Poor Maze loses hundreds of ,
nmused visitors daily. In the Free The- :
ater Dolan and Mitchell, Irish comedians,
and Florence Grove, an orlsrinator and
Impersonator, will be new. Ola Hayden
will vary hr-r barytone Bones, but will
continue" "On the Day When Dewey
Comes Home." by request. May and ,
Maltland. in their coon sketch, th- How* :
ard brothers, banjolsts, and Martins dog
rircus will bo retained. This afternoon
there will be a balloon icension, and on
Thursday night an amateur burlesque .
boxing match will be given.
The /Ucaza
"A Bad Lot." says the press agent of
the Alcazar, "is, as its name 'lmplies; It
1b a farce in three acts, an adaptation
from the French, and deals with people j
who are not wholly bound to scriptural j
propriety."
The Olvjmpia.
The principal attractions at the Olympla
for this week are Sherman and Morrisey,
the. knockabout comedians, In a new act.
Agnes Castro in descriptive Bongs, Quer-
Ita Vincent, wh< coon songs and buck
and wli-p dances have made her the fa- !
vorlte with Olympla patrons, and Antonio
Vargas in operatic selections.
Steeplechase.
Captain Adolph Freitsch, who will start
In a few days in this thirty-foot boat on :
a voyage around the world, is drawing
thousands to the Steeplechase at Central
lark, where he is exhibiting his vessel. |
Rcserxthal's Recitals
About Bosenthal, the pianist, who gives
two matlnet-3 in the. Grand Op< ra-house
on the afternoons of April 25 and 26, It is i
very hard to say . thing new. Only a
thort time airo he played here in the Met
ropolitan mple. and the town discov
ered for Itself that he was indeed the most
masterful exponent of planistic nique ■■
of the age. His skill is simply fabulous,
and Ith it he combines a line music!
mind and a certain amount of that inef- i
fable quality which we frequently call '
temperament. Rosenthal's recitals should
attract large audiences; especially as Mr.
lander has arranged them on the
basis of popular prices.
Musical Mervticrv
The Pianists' Club gives the first concert i
of its sixth season to-morrow evening In !
the Sherman & Clay Hall under Ihe dlrec
tion of Robert Tolmie.
Miss Ella V. McCloskey, contralto of
the Sherith Israel Synagogue and Holy
Cross Church, gives a scng recital to
morrow evening.
Palmistry: Read Your Hand
31 ' many thousand Impressions of
palms hn rwarded to this
irtment for reading that It has
decidi M not to receive any
more until those on hand are an-
Bwered. This is done in justice to
the palmist and to those who might
forward impressions and bo obliged to
wait a long time t. .■!",.:-.< a careful reading
could be made In this column.
• • •
MR. C. C— Yours is a useful hand, with
many plans for the future. You are apt
Ktremes. Your nature is affec
tionate and you are very jealous where
your heart Is concerned. Be careful or
you will have an accident and Injure your
b1 rong attachm aits are
■i. Fortuni does not seem to smiie
you in the early part of your life.
MISS DORA P... Santa Rosa— Yours is
ature. You would make an
•. You have a strong
You suff< r tri-' atly from
indigestion. You are too indolent to have
very good health. The death of your
mother caused you great grief at 18. You
will not marry until you are 25.
MR. A. G., Vallejc— Your life line :
that you are too intense in your affec-
You have been thoroughly disap
■ 1 in one heart affair. You are care
ful in money matters. You have an equal
. it of will power and logic. You are
f detail. You have mechanical ajid
.:.(• ability. Best financial conditions
2S to 40. Be more careful of your
in the future.
MABEL I.. Chico— You have a decided
. mus;ic and should develop
it to Its fullest extent. Your nature is
secretive and cruel. You are inconstant
to gossip; inclined to pre
varicate, you will marry at 2'J and will
two children, both boys.
jiil-: <;., Fresno— You are extremely
practical and far-sighted. especially
where your own Interests are concerned.
Your tirst marriage wks a failure.
ad marriage is more to your taste,
od many family
quarrels. I n is very poor. You
suffer from an Intestinal trouble.
JACK 8., San Rafael— You like to take
You think the world
you .-' living Bod you are not particular
from what direction it comes. You were
Injured in a shooting affray when
were i y . You will marry at 33. You will
inherit a small legacy at 41 Some trav< 1.
The following i -it in prints too
to read: M. C. M., City; Mrs. R.
ir. Miss B. Strong.
M. X.. Banta 'Yuz- This palm is posi
tive, executive am' determined in It!
• s. and is a-it to want to be recog
nized as the head of whatever it is in.
Jt has a fine nature, extrf-meiy high in
its ideals of love and aspires to social
distinction. It has also much of the pro
phetic in its nature, the spiritual
religious. The temperament Is cool and
lined to be Blow and de
liberate; a trained mind.
1.. M. R., Berkeley— Your lines denote
conscientiousness and prudence, resulting
in good bui ; have well-laid plans
for your future career. You are steadfast
in your purpose; you appreciate the in
dustrial arts and have little use for things
that cannot he put to practical us*
show many disappointments and failures
!:: early life.
jane I-., Pacific Grove— The life Une
Indicates a serious accident betwei
age You lack self-reli
and decision and are usually con
d by your impulsive heart. You will
travel considerably. Your b will
be in middle life. You are Independent
,roud and keep your trials to your
self.
MOT N.— You are untrustworthy;
will deceive your most intimate friends.
will come to disgrace through your
, nstant borrow have ability to
make money, but are too vain arid con
ceited to exert your true powers; you are
c and very In some things;
unless you change your tactics y ou will
have a dishonorable ending.
Mas. J. W.. Reno— This hand indicates
■ ental capacity. Yours is a highly
nervous temperament Great musical
ability If displayed in jour palm, in con
n with good execution, individuality.
•osity and Independence. You are
- critical of your male acquaintances.
Will travel. Although your health is not
t, you will live to an old age.
M. C, Oakdalc— You are :< po< t by na
ti::-.;; loud of seclusion: there are very
Individuals who rr-ally (nteresi you";
the only on< who made a deep impression
■our memory has long since depart
id this life; sorrow ha? made Its mark
n line: you are benevolent.
kind and generous; you will have quite a
large sum or money left you.
Miss FANNIE ! \. Oakland— You have
ity; at t 'no ace of 25
you will be assisted by a rich relative and
will go abroad to study: there will be one
influence which will enter your life which
Hale's
"''-MSK *% -~ ' \y \y i^--;-^*^*^ if \t c*U s<mxT^ C± I • \\r Store News
'tiCwk. Mv,lf ,y More New Silks. /w\ Styles m Wraps. . /^■m\ and . ..
J •tP^S-'t^^Z^A^'tHi /fflf\^' l 'Wf»^ ' NEW WAIST SILKS-Some new pompadour / /<ssfck \ LADIES' FINE COVERT CLOTH JACKETS- i j/XP J \ &tatlStlCft».
fil^^'-J' Jk ■'.■'- C»l1 '* '? «iii Vr^-'V'"1 '* -effects -and -fancy stripes; the indistinct \ /J T\» / Medium, li ht and dark tan, fly front, silk \ S^f &\ April 13, 1899.
e.%^i.' y J- jr.ffeL'Vl- r'A ry^PW^-'.'- \" /KC^l 1 striped background sets off the floral* effects \ (*>V H ' '■ lin ed throughout, season's lat- «JTK fk(\ U.-J^M i' \\ / Buyers who are now behind our coun-
X\ \'WfZ-'J' £- «StT>fcV ' /\Jt\-4 ai ' ■-JKCiW v ■ to their utmost beauty; mostly light \ 'I / est effects, exact as cut. Each tJ>O«W • W^?V"7 i'l / tersinSan Francisco have tmveed
-V-lV\ \IT V/ }^CT^f A- '/■s2sw'±- f^i&F^s shades for summer waists, 20 «C |O= \ /<J\ / CHILD'S CAPES in new blue and gray \~l/ /. M / since January 1, 1593, over 1..000 mi es
l l ;V#j y : ll:&9S&P/-' : AflfJ- \S irff* -*t v vTT -iC=— — Inches..... -tl)l«^t> -^-LnA^/ shades, plaid silk lined hood, very fine \v\/'J \/ searching for goods now being dis-
'•\\ \ ls*jm?MFS f^S^lM'^r^^^/^r ' "^ quality, new $4 AA . Xs<— L^^ played, - two-thirds of the distance
l ! 0\ 4 *fr\i>J W'J^^i/^cKi^^^^fWi^f L -^ ■ PEKIN STRIPE SILK, similar to Roman stripes, all the new Each .„... '>4.vU " around the world. This is the total dis-
',' f W^>?^^^4?W ife%>^. fancy shades, good heavy quality; it is not necessary fi? 1 QCT LADIES' ALL-WOOL CASHMERE WRAPPER In garnet, black and tance traveled by our San f rancisco
J\ /''/■'jmisJir^ O '- .AiVXJiW^iJ^rC?"^" tO Pay more than Hale ' s prlces -S>I»ZO navy, lined throughout with tight-fitted waist lining, C>K (\f\ force- alone. It does not the distance
•Vvjr* '/■ *''Ss'7^ •■\>«rYC7''*' ? i*^»«S^r 'Z^ "^ PEKIN STRIPE SILK, similar to Roman stripes all the new Each tPT"»VrU ;in. nnd the world. This is the total dis-
Vv.*'7 '■'^^Tx'' J JL^^-'^^'V IVY iC? B^^ fancy shades - Kood heavy quality; It Is not necessary «£ 1 Ocr LADIES' ALL-WOOL CASHMERE WRAPPER in garnet, black and ; tunce traveled by our San J
.A. V ■ I S1&W tuß&Fk< % VV f /W2s'*-«r^\' to pay more than Hale's prices '4>i»ZO navy, lined throughout with tight-fitted waist lining, CTK r.r. ■« alrne - It does not include travels
1 nJlfi t't/'if' ' r4 rr* &¥fjr£w A S / /7K^^\_l>»l • ribbon trimmed- -F-nr-h «>O»VfU of the New York corps or of the buyers
!'^>f*V-' Whirl •ISr^J^^^^^AWjV'M^^is A NEW LOT OF TAFFETAS-Some of the new colors are ready, a LADIES' FINE pfrpatp" wa^t Vn Viyhr»nA'mPrthim dTrVOr- of our other California stores. '
\H'*M£P. MM ff-y^^^T^. \\\ \lfJp7^. 3i . 19-inch line in the new shades of purple, cerise, new blues. cS win^adf^d^frfMtflt?i« a^ttv affafr 85C People are employed exclusively to flit •
■v«v >, JfliW /^wl-"-'.:V^' 'JMIp -'±LJ^s± • greens and cyrano; we guarantee this fabric to be all f> fJr- LADIF^qTniPP pt Itv TirrpTi sit r wiVqT'Vn »n*fcl answer and ship orders received by
*W/s'f aVi A<£s'' 1W / IV *ii'|i^V|' ,1 I 'iM; I 4 k -*T^' ; ; m silk ; DUC LADIES STRIPE AND PLAIN TAFFETA SILK WAIST^In all the mail. Orders received before op. m.
MM-WiS*' 'wiUumSi • hWWm^^^^mMWXWSm^^ vmr,,v,v^ « v , „ - ■ ?. eW - colorln corded fronts, very stylish &TSVO are filled and shipped the same day.
' /O^lfin*'/ {"■ ■I'/ftfi 1 Ml 1 '3K WmIMWmiW' >wAttl]wi\w\iv v • - SOME NEW LIMNGS-18 shades of silk finish moreen have Just ar- Each ■ tj> C itlU Parties living in nearby towns get-
/&■'/}'■!<',; 1. i/^ i >W I■' -"-L.-.^ 7- '/ J V("' rived, especially adapted for hieh class skirt lining, 24 f* pr >-► LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS— Fine black sateen, colored moreen and ting orders in before <• a. m. receive
/ui-'-tiA-'. *At Jf •' i'l ' ■■'» ""'■ ' b'!> '/•*'♦'] i'f I•\ , inches wide UUv crash, umbrella shape, with deep flounce ruffle corded. <J? | QBT their goods that afternoon.
-aTfcVV;' >^ jjf ' 7\*\'-- •■-,•' "^ ~lii( ti'ftilli A to _, TTAD cTT-ro _. 1, _ J ..- , ,■"•■■'■■/. . ,- .Each '. <J>l»— The Parisian Comb Company are giv-
jff a '.-, A-\€9l '$A •:.■■.,**.-*• - / "/•/•' tyfJr r\\ ' • TAILOR SUITS — One line particularly attractive, In modest stripe ml A/ISI i: » A «,r C»^«^ Enouzh news .n the milline-y ing interestlne- demonstrations of the
fhilij /Wf «*•■ --v~C<:> -/' / '\ yCt, effects, fancy blues, greens, modes, a 60-inch fab- $4 og. The MlllinCPV StOre, r fme nt to fm T page' advantages in hair drying of the
Jk L^^M ■«V')X''n hi. ■■\\^tl3' 1 ■ ' Suit iiO Buw h>n(j§ in workroom Sxed to their utrno , t^ t ,7; b t |e t ° o \ eep ahofd. Flnde Slecle comb, aisle 2 notion
yg/P^m - 'X Wr> •' MLmM) ' FANCT VIGOUREAUX-A novelty suiting In fancy mixtures, pretty W.'ve made a success in this depart™!. Wo expected to; but expectations co^ n a^aSed^hi^'famous"^? dresi!
>f>?M ■jtfmu'i TTI - Jilj> f'ny[ ■■' Ru '■'; lffli» for tailor costumes ancl vacation suits, granite and twill Krounda in were re.ched and passed long before Etster. There certainly rr.ust be a reason. ln devlcp
''^•'JfW/ I IW^/^^^^^J^mf^ulin^^B^ , lhe n ™,°f V ' rS ' browns, grays, blues, greens, etc 44 «I>O rhrv Why isitthat9o percentof the ladies whoaresimply looking to purchase? [ it ls lntcregtmK to not e that direct or-
/11/1 *L V^S*-^' 1 - 1 -!- - : M?Mh. i I ' : '-if^ ' ii"MlIVVS^^r ' Inches wide Sult«!>O..UU CHILDREN'S TRIMMED HATS from »2 to *7 j ders from our advertising and cata-
■f^y£// L t'^^LfpJi^Sl-^mi FANCT CO^ DED SUITING-On. of the season's most popular fabrics. TR1 T ¥£™ t^ H ° R S - S ° me BWell Creatl ° n ° f fl ° WerS^ h 5 7)°?o "o irlua
HZ */> IT trns en^n" e m^r'Vo^ !al a y nd lm c P a°^ 16 ' V-S b^ FANCY "sTRAW. 1 "&^^ some" dashy' Vffect 8 ; in'pValS a^d strfpe "Alaskaf H^niflui-a^and 111 ta^Ui.
*BSte^sT^^ .. I ILL r% _ T^y \ ; XiL. W-idP Ste tab?lc modes . browns and castors, an «- C"7 Sft - bow9 ' pretty or summer, from $2 to $4 j mited States from Maine and every
V^ggt^NS^ v \, t^+^S^ZZSpV - quisue jit v » «uv The receiving room reports the arrival n? pomp new shapes in dress ! State on the Western coast.
"^%S>^ >Ak^«^i^/** l ttM§S ? ®2'' NEW WHIPCORD!?— One of th* most popular fabrics of flrO f\i\ straws for ladies' and children's wear, also a big invoice of straw 'Ihe celebrated Deimal linen mesh
/ -tfSeOjii&^aWKiK*--. I «fE / the year, decidedly fashionable, 45 Inches Suit vOiUU braid-both ready to-morrow. ' underwear has Just arrived. "Allow
/r—XT-^^L^?*^^ . your skin to breathe" they say. On ex-
( \ I^WWg^^tggaS^ir j-x m c-i A n!blt and for sal '- at the furnlshin*
G\/?i» M IH (C -^ goods counter. The only dry goods
A I fl/'i/ir I firO X\i\V fJtin fIAW YAH II S?IVA hV IT ■- ■ • . jf C_ /Mi./;t to mall order customers of last year.
LUIKY LdtC DUV OIIU lIUTV lUUII JdYO VJ 11. - ■ JK -J3r^Wl^ Free for the asking. Send us the ad-
" • , mJM> J&K''^. \" \. dresse3 of your country friends. One
Importer had a lot of odd pieces-mill ends and remnants— The StOPy "Of ail IlltCPCßting PUPChaSC W^BSl\Y'\^\ t^t^pales. TVash^K worth
20,000 yards. One of our Eastern buyers "ran across" the lins and . " ' ,: ; \m^r^^K\ •'' V^r\i having.
made a lump sum casn orfer or ',he lot. Accepted. Money handed to San Franciscans wear winter underwear the year around-Eastern climate won't permit £^^^ SS^Wmit bodT*"™" Sr?St
importer. Lace shipped by freight at once. 'Twas simply a stroke of »t— An Eastern factory during its cleanup, at the season s end, found 6co winter garments on sgS^SBSwW them? HeY ls a lotter:
- lt~. LrlininT i,,-L- Ahn.lt ,w rmt «v>i 'Tn mnrrnw r^rcivc hand— Too late for m-rchants of the East— Too bi? for most concerns in the West— lt fell Into -$^«fo^<^*^- •i-ii, cherry creek, Nev., April iiism.
store-keepin? luck. About 40 per cent saved. mo.ro* you receive the hanJs Qf California stor?s wjth practically n0 competition- 7 2c on the dollar whole- SJi^>^ar of H t h e c i3th 03 inst n "o : tiemen-Vours
your dividend. Aisle JI. . • • sile-Mostly gents' garm n ts-A chance to lay in a stock for hubby. M^^Oj '" t ™piy*\h«"Vco^auia l *e
nvr Tiinrsivn "VATvHS FNOURH WHITF T \ FFI'T \ sit 7C \M/I\TR- Bia^k MEN'S CAMEL HAIR WOOL -MIXBD UN- ME N'fi EGYPTIAN UNDER WE AR^Jer.. y r.bbed. h Mvy q ual- "illt-ii* t ">*i.— your prompt way of doin;? business.
°TORCHOX- ANl' NORMAUDIE LArKS- I ml" I lII™ On 28 MUTS CAMEiL HATR WOOL MIXBD UN- |ME N»« EGYPTIAN UM DERWEAR^.r,., ribbed, heavy qu,|- 7^ "J^ '" UP?tlon a , rrtv !, a . {"»* '»
From 2to 3'j inches wide; used In ™ eluue ruU IKUt ms - un s%l Yard «I>O DERWEAR, non-shrinkable. heavy quality, ity fleecad shirts, self neck, silk-bound front, drawer* to match, .hlrt ijSliSslfifeiJ^ i ' tlme to avoM serious inconvenience,
great ouanties 'for underwear. Sale CT^, ,r, " ■ t . Bhlrts silk bound neck and front, pearl but- sizes 34 to 44, drawers sizes 28 to 36, a good serviceable 50c OPZ.r* Wff «M%ZZ]tr** =j\ Ycur promptness is worthy of the high-
price Q ........:„.........::.. Yard OC EMPIRE SCARFS-A select few. white Swiss tons, drawers to match; Bhlrts. stses 34 to garment. Sale price GARMENT At)C W Efl^PT^ !23 est r-ralF.e, knowing that mistakes
' — and net, 2 yards long, lace trimmed. t)PZr^ I 4fi- drawers S4 to 42- a 7."c gar- CTO/-» v» VRsr \\ v Ir*. sometimes cannot be avoided. Thank-
-750 yardß POINT DE MEDICIS and FANCY On sale Each *UW ] mrnt: sale 'price ......' : x3*J\* . r=-=, " JI g^r b ">- II ; Ing you for your kindness. I remain,
NORMANDIE LACE-3V to B Inches Q r SATIN STOCK COLLARS-2H inches hljrh 3 MEN'S NATURAL GRAY AND CAMEL'S MEN'S ALL-WOOL* SCARLET UNDER- ' f^SpLi-^ °-^ | very respectfully. : .
wide Sale price Yard £7W folds and a larce- bow of Point d'EsDrit net- I HAIR WOOL UNDERWEAR, two-thirds WEAR; fine heavy* quality; Mnele or dou- . Carpenters are busy building the new
red cerise lleht blue turauoise OC I wool and a third cotton: Just enough cottort ble-breasted: silk bound neck and front; LADIES' ECRU 'AND EGYPTIAN COTTON! ladies' parlor and fittine rooms. We
4750 yards of miscellaneous laces— Comprising cre-im Dink Nile On sale Each ZOC to insure wear and no .shrinking; silk bound drawers to match; Phirts. sizes 36. 38, 42, UNDERWEAR, Jersey ribbed; heavy qual- | ask pardon for the hammering. Added
Normandies. Paris Point Val. Lace, Oriental, " ' v ' n eck Rn d front: drawers to match; shirts, 48; drawers, sizes 34, 40, 43. 44, 46; values Ity fleeced; crochet neck and front; draw- I comfort for shoppers In the future will
hand-made Torchon Laces, Silk Chantllly anr TAMBOUR EDGED -HANDKERCHIEFS— sizes 34 to 4S; drawers, 30 to 44; fJC|r» Ironi Jl 50 to $2; Eale price QQ/> ers to match; sizes 3to 9: this IotQQ more than compensate for temporary
imitation Renaissance Laces; In two lots. Sale Good quality white Swl«s, prettily Ac e%\ garment: eate price \3%J\* Each l/Ov eHghtly damaged; sale price.. Each 4wv annoyance.
price: embroidered corners. On eale.. Each T"w The M. O. D. recently moved to their
i; r <|R<l ?5c Yird c r v*• Curtains. Towel Talk, Too. Wash Goods News. | new quarters above our store have been
Ufa UliU U>\, irtlU. ome |- rom Motions. ECRU AND WHITE LACE CURTAINS; inter- 500 dozen lIUCK TOWELS; almost a carload ORGANDIES AND LAPPETS; some new de- Jhlnk tha^ab^ute 'accuracy careful '
See window displays of Godet Ondele. Point gh n HMrplns ;. 5c doze | esting offers all week: some new designs in lot landed at a fraction of the usual cost; siens in plaid, strip* and shadow 71/> attention and rapidity in dispatchlne
Lierre. Plaue.i laces and allover vestings. 11 oi^T!"rnerV.\\\V.V:".V.V.V.V.V;.V. 4c , floral and flsh net effects. we share our good fortune with you to-mor- effects; 3000 yards in all i JiC | *£?£ o^ed are the cardinal p^lnW "
ODenwork aPDlicue on chiffon, 17 Inch Mexican Leather Belts 25c each Lot 1. 4SI pnir, 54 In. x 3% yd 5. .81.23 pair row. oiorea noraer rnnße. . SOME NEW DIMITIES; white ground and j that have made this department such a
OpenworK applique en cnmon.i^ t yard Fancy Frilled Elastic Garters lOc pair Lot 2.»«61 pair. 60 In. x BJ4 yds..|l.BO pa r 1.J36 lOc '»« 21x39 l.»o t« small flsures; a dainty fabric lnlQl success.
Liberty eilk: new shades. including purple., and Hale's GOOD Knitting Cotton 4c ball Lot 3, 258 pair, 60 in. X SJ4 yds..* 1.^6 pajr 19X6 1- l-O 21X44 16 Z-3c popular shadings. 30 in. wide IZ 3 C It _lg lnterestlnK to note the word
Cyrano. Sale pHce 75c yard SC-yard Spool Knitting Silk 12e spool Lot 4. 252 pair, 60 in. x 3'« yds..B^s.«opsJr /S7 /a^ IMPORTED DIMITIES; fresh from their ocean "silk" in different languages:
, _ ' ,'"j'w 49 pair WHITE TAMBOURED SWISS CUR- t^^/Jm/^jg/ /ff/ - <8> I^-= =. " voyage; 75 exquisite patterns and QC/> I Language. Word I Lantruaxe. Word.
Cniin(S MOneY in t!?e BaZaaP And Items TAINS, pretty open work designs; neat as v •sMju__^AK' f^gfo /if/ s&Sm '»a«*E. colors to choose from; 30 in. wide... -40 C core! „..;..-.. ..5ir Icelandic Sllki
hU\m<> IVSOne) 111 ttSC i>clZd«Jl to p rovo lt wax; particularly desirable f;,r bedrooms; JM/ rfggj^f (§^> (§g^ <J£S£> NEW PIQUES; small figures on white ground; j Chinese . . Se I \n lo-Saxon Siolo
Hem's Press Potato Masher 20c 4-ounce Bottle Vas-11ne....: 8c 3U, yards long by 40 inches wide. /ffl JglJ^ . -<7 some of this season's most popular or| c Mongol Slrkek Danish Siicka
IS inch 1 rth Bru<;h .::: I lOc French Toothbrush ../..............100 l\ •* ones or ' AiTo GOOO^^ creations; 30 inches wide OVFI* ; Manc.hou ...Sirghe I English Silk
IrrSon Cut-glaa"'^ugAr S laker lOc Bottle Machine Oil .' .....So |S 00 ones for.. 51.50 *-« -^** a^y*?J»J?°'*>>^ 36-INCH PERCALE; another lot Just arrived;. Greek Ser Welsh Siri«
Deco«Lt«J China CusDldors 400 3 Cakes Buttermilk Soap T>io ■ |2 2o ones for .91.70 ___ _. _ __ ... _.• J some decidedly new effects in light and Arablo Seric Italian Seta
mo nace Journal Day-book and Ledger ICic An elegant assortment of tapestry portieres. 937-947 Market Street dark coloring; we are now showing 12ic ' Latin Sericum German Selde
Embossed Leatherette Picture Frame, 6x74.... .{....... 15c We call particular attention to the .50 lot. -" -»«* ' _ lUcll JVCIy OUBCI, a very large assortment at l^st' ! Slavonian ...Chelk I Gothic Sllke
■will spoil your whole career if you aie
not tar^fui; there is a strong mark of
rvation from accidents; yr>u have
more will power Than roas..:'.; you are im
pulslve but are very cautions; otherwise
it would lead you to do many things you
would be sorry for.
MRS. A. T., Sunul— You make an ideal
mother; you could have been a teacher,
■ Is your art of training iit!l»:
' ones; your marriage has been a happy
one, with the exception of one heavy
financial loss, which caused a breach for
i the time; you have good logic and rta
equally developed; you will have one
! child, which will bring: you great happi
you will have to be careful of an
' accident at the' age of 35.
H. 8., Salinas— l'ou have a hand show
-1 ing great inventive and executive ability;
you lack continuity, which would hinder
you from being most successful; tni ;
■ ys (if Importance, a chang
the better, in the next six months, there
;> a Btrong mark in your hand showing
: intestinal trouble; you will marry twice
■ the first marriage will be happier than
; :i. second; you also have marked com
mercial ability and will be moat miccess
, ful at the age of 35.
MRS. EL ML, Reno— You have a hand
showing many sorrows; one of the *
< si tragedies occurred at the age <><' :>;
your husband committed suicide; you will
;uk*> a long voyage and for a while will
have to inak« your own way; your .-■•>
oud marriage will be a very hiippy one;
you will best succeed at millinery.
FRANK L... El Dorado County— You are
a Hue mechanic; have a great sense of
justice; you have very atrong principles
and are very moral; if you are not care
ful you v. ill meet with a small financial
loss through mistaken views; one entmy
is strongly marked; you will make one
short trip this summer that will give you
a great deal of pleasure; one marriage is
I shown at the age of 32.
MISS KA PE 8.. Alam.-da— You are a
skillful artist; have color and order down
to a Bi:e point; you are also a born teach
er In that line, as you have the power to
impart; you will many once, not a love
match; you are cold, indifferent and
• proud, very odd in your likes and dis
tikes; you have great power of concen
tration; you will never have any children.
H. L.— You have great commercial abil
ity. You are too fond of ventures and
large schemes, which always cause you to
j lose all you have saved. You are
energetic and skillful. You will have a
great financial lo^s at the age of 40 if
! you trust in otherß. Be very careful in
I whom you confide. You are happily mar
! ried and have four children. It will be
. best to stay by what y<ju are doing now.
K< »V B. — Your hand gives promise of a
busy life. You an- lust adapted to teach,
rule and discipline the young; patient,
thoughtful of others; shuw a love of lit
erature and refined habits; quiet, reserved
mind; prudent with money. You will hold
;i position of honor and trust at the age
of 16, bringing you in contact with people
■ ; note.
MRS. D. M.— Your fate 1b to die by
! drowning. You will be married twice,
i once very happily. You will make a de
cided change at 30 for the better. Will
travel and have ordinary health. Will die
between m and 80.
K. T. L., Antioch— You are a small per
son, of very delicate tastes and intense
likes and dislikes. Your success In life
cornea through the influence of one of the
opposite sex who holds a high position.
! You will marry once, but not happily. You
are a great Imitator. You are also In
quisitive, but not of evil disposition.
MISS FRANCIS i.. Saa Jose— Your
nature is cold and cruel, i'ou have some
dramatlt ability, but lack force of char
acter to carry out your plans. You will
1 marry at 23 and will nave a quiet, un
eventful life. Poor financial situation tin.
til after 35. Your affairs will take on a
brighter aspect during this year than you
I have had for some time.
R. A. C, Aiameda— Always ask some
one's advice before making a decision.
You are fond of speculation find just a
little superstitious. Will lead an adven
turous life till after 40, when you will
stay quietly at homo for a few years;
but will travel later and die in a foreign
land.
SADIE H., Merced — You are a
changeable, fretful ]>■ rson, fond of admir
ation and a good time. Little depth of
character. Talented, you can ac< omplteh
anything you undertake. You create good
impressions; have excellent taste, and
love beauty and poetry. You will have
several affairs of the heart, but they will
not terminate in marriage.
MISS ELLA A.. San Rafael— Yours is
a. versatile character. You have marked
literary talent. You will have Wealth and
spend much time abroad. You will have
on,- heart affair that will nearly break
your heart. You are willful and vonture
some. You will have great public honors
;it the ago of 80, You are generous. Im
pulsive, and bind:
F. K. I>. , Oakland— You pass through
life successfully. as you are pol
itic and suave, with large perceptive fac
ulties. You will havi wealth and are
charitably disposed. You will meet with
one accident, but no fatality ensues. You
have made the most of your opportunities;
are pugnacious gjjd w m brook no lmpo
THE SA.N FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL, 16, 1899.
Hales.
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post Btreet, near
Steiner— Rev. \V. C. Jenkins.
First Baptist Church, Eddy street, near
Junes— Ktv. E. A. Woods.
Bethany. Bartlett street, near Twenty-fl'th
—Rev. W. C. Ford.
First Chrtst'an, Twelfth street, between
Howard and Mission— Rev. F. S. Ford.
West Side Christian— Rev. Dr. Williams.
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
Richmond Congregational, Seventh avenue
and Clement street— Rev. P. Coombe.
Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
Fourth Congregational. Green and Stockton
streets— Rev. L. Sloeombe.
St. Mary'B Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— Rev. J. J. Prendergast,
V. G.
St. Rose's, Fourth and Brannan «treets—
Redemptorlst Fathers.
sition. One happy marriage, two children
—one will have great honors and distinc
tion.
J. J. C, San Jose— You are 'witty, or
iginal, passionate; should bo careful to
kc !■ .'.■• i- forces under subjection; full of
energy; >"°v. possess excellent character
and good disposition, and would make a
good journalist. You are your own worst
enemy at times. A lack of continuity will
prevent you from being successful. One
long voyage will bring about a sudden
change in your career.
I. D., iVtaluma— Yours Is the hand
of high principle and artistic nature. You
also excel in neatness and would make a
bookkeeper or copyist. You have much
love for the beauties of nature and are
very romantic in your Ideas. You are of
;i roving disposition and will travel much.
You are very dissatisfied with the present
circumstances of your life.
THoMAS C, Cloverdale— Your hand
Indicates a good constitution and t« im
perate halits. The weakness of the
palm Indicates that you cannot keep
money, spending It as fa?t as you get it.
You will make two distinct starts In life
and have many good opportunities, but
you will be unfortunate in your first busi
ness venture and have no success In spec
ulation.
R. K. R.— Your hand Indicates physical
beauty and refinement. You think very
little about the serious things of life, but
have much taste for social pleasure and a
fondness for general merriment. You
have but little self-reliance and a lack of
power to concentrate your mind for any
length of time. You have a loving and
forgiving nature. The latter half of your
life shows much good fortune. One happy
marriage.
O. L.— Yours Is a careful hand, Indus
trious and saving! Your fate line Is much
broken up. showing that sorrow and care
ha\c filled your heart. You have had
many changes. You love order and har
mony. There is one happy marriage for
you. Your life line indicates a good long
life. You are affectionate and kind.
BERT G., San Ma too— You have a long,
healthy life, are very self-reliant and have
excellent business ability, a cool head,
with plenty of common sense. You are
clever in mechanical work of every kind.
You would succeed as nn engineer or man
ufacturer. Your shrewd, cautious dispo
sition rarely gets you into trouble. You
have been accustomed to travel In e;.rly
life.
EMMA 8., San Jose — This tiny hand
gives evidence of a very eventful life. Its
special talent is that of a writer. The
owner- of th)o hand will be famous at the
, early age of 26; will write several irispir
ing works that will be read in many j
homes.. She •is penerous and liberal to '
worthy causes, makes no outward display j
and is of a humble, retiring disposition.
L. SOUTH WORTH— This hand shows an
unhappy childhood, with many. privations; <
a shrinking, sensitive nature. Your edu
cation is. retarded by the influences of
your family, caused by lack of means.
Good will power, but lack of energy. You |
often place yourself at a disadvantage by j
poor judgment.
GILBERT G.— Yours is the palm of a
scientific enfjinc/Tr. fearless and brave; a
man of {rood, steady habits and contented
mind. You have traveled much and have '
barely escaped . several severe accidents. ■
You settle clown to'a quiet home life at
the age of. 38 and remain in one place for
mnny years.
Mrs. Jack H. sent in a proof too poor to
read. - ■ ■ '' - __
Madame Neerßaard,' pnpll of St. Germain,
scientific palm reading. " 616 Geary St., -above
Jones. Telephone Hyrie 2621. • ' •- .
■ m ■
Rev. Dr. Eveleth to Speak To-Day .~
"Mission "U'ork and Juniarlo Travel In
Burmah" will be the subject of the Rev.
F. EL Evc-leth's address this afternoon
at 3 o'clock before the union mass-meet-
Hales.
Morning — "I^eaky Hearers." Evening—
"The Wljes of the Devil."
Morning— '"Kvery Christian v Has a Mes
sage." Evenlng — "Ho* Can These
Things Be?" and the ordinance of bap
tism.
Morning — "The Supernatural In Christian
ity." Evening— From 5 to 6 o'clock, yes
', pers. . .
Morning— "lnfluence." Evening— "To Call
My Sin to Remembrance."
Morning— "A Two-fold Christianity." Even-
Ing— "Habit." ,
Morning— "The Parent and the Public
School." Evening— "Orthodoxy and the
Church."
Morning— "Following the Example of Je3us
In Washing the Feet of His. Disciples."
Evening— "Liberalism In Kellglon."
Morning— "The Face of God." Evening—
"Hearts of Fire." ',:-
Morning— "The Christian Warrior." Even
. ing— Sermon and worship by the pastor. j
Morning— Rev. Charles A. Ramm will
preach at- 11 o'clock mass. Evening— Rev.
J. B. Hannlgan will preach.
Morning— Mission for unmarried women and
children. Evening Mission for men will
be inaugurated.
Ing in the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion auditorium. Mason and Kills streets.
The service is open to the public and all
are Invited. Dr. Eveleth has been a
prominent educator and missionary In
Bunnah for the past twenty-fiye years
and will g!ve a most Interesting address
this afternoon on that country.
THE JUNIORS.
Abraham Lincoln Council at Its last held
meeting added three names to its mem
bership roll. The monthly "union enter
tainment and smoker will be held on the
27th inst. and arrangements have been
made to make the affair a pleasant one.
In addition to smoke, speaking and mu
sic, there will be served light refresh
ments. These union meetings have had
an effect of awakening an interest In the
affairs of the order.. The State councilor
and other State officers will be at that
meeting.
The State councilor Is preparing a list
of his deputies who will assist him in the
work of the order.
The several loca.l councils have appoint
ed delegates to the Junior Order of Amer
ican Mechanics Funeral Benefit Associa
tion, which Is to meet in Philadelphia.
That association has now a membership
of 140,000 and each member Is protected
in the sum of $250 on a monthly assess
ment of ten cents, paid out of council
funds, a tax which does not increase the
dues of members and which are but 15
cents a month.
SONS OP JACOB. .
On the evening of the 9th inst. there* was
a jolly reunion of thirty at the residence
of Mr. and Mrs. Lippman Abrams, 716
Broadway, the occasion being the pre
sentation to Mr. .nbrams of a set of en
grossed resolutions from the Sons of Ja
cob in recognition of the services he ren
dered the society, the presentation being
by A. Milsner. After the event there was
a dinner for all and an enjoyable evening
of songs, music and story telling.
KNIGHTS OB" THE GOLDEN EAGLE.
The Knights of the Golden Eagle, which
for some time have been very quiet, are
again coming to the front. The member
ship of the order at the present time Is in
excess of 75,000, and it Is In operation in
mvarly every State in the Union. The of
ficers declare that the order Is In excel
lent financial condition. The membership
In California has, by circular to the sub
ordinates, been notified of prizes to those
members who will do missionary work
and add to the membership roll.
Friends of the Forest.
Supreme President Mrs. Mary E. Mc-
Lano has recovered from her recent se
vere attack of illness and is again attend
ing to the duties of her office.
Pioneer Lodge paid a fraternal visit
last night to America Lodge at Maenr.or
bund Hall and a pleasant time was had.
There were a number of the grand offl
<■■ ra present. This lodge will give a party
in i:s hall on the 11th Inst.
America Lodge has completed all Its ar
rangements for its party to be given on
the 16th inst. at Maenncrbund Hall.
<$ > <&<3><3><S><S><S><S><s><&<&<&-s>-£>'&<&'&<^<£
♦ T7i<9 Sunday Call, 82 *
♦ pages, delivered at your *
/iomg by mail for $1 SO X
♦ a year. Subscribe for it. ♦
♦ ♦
Hales.
■ St. Innatrus. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
6treet— Jesuit Fathers. : V. ;
• St. Mary's. Dupont and California streets —
Paulist Fathers.
• Church of Corpus Chrlsti, 60 Croke street,
near Mission • (Five Mile- House)— Rev.
Father Casalnl.
• Stewart Memorial, Guerrero and Twenty
third streets— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
- St. Stephen's, Fillmore and Fulton BtreeU
Rev. E. J. Lion. ~x, '»•;■.
> 'St. Stephen's Mission, 1712 Hayes utreet—
Rev. W. H. Ratcliffe.
> St. James. Sixth and Clement street, Rich
. mond District— S. J. Lee.
> St. Luke's. Van' Xess avenue and Clay
> street— Bishop William H. Moreland.
> Trinity— Bush and Gough Btreets— H.
> Jj E. Cookc.
> . ;■' '
> Chapel at Presidio— Miller of fl
> elating.
> f :'■
> ■■'
> ■ — ■
> German Evangelical Emanuel, corner
■> Twelfth and Stevenson streets— Rev. F.
W. Fischer.
> — ■
> Starr King A. M. E. Zlon, Stockton street,
•> , near Clay— F. Burn.
> • t . '
> Grace M. E., corner Twenty-first and Capp
> ' streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
> Howard Street Methodist Episcopal. 'Howard
■> street, between Third and Fourth — Rev.
> " John A. B. Wilson.
>
> . — —
> California Street M. E. Church. California
■> and Brodcrlck streets— Rev. Frederic C
> Lee. •
> — — —
> Trinity Methodist, corner Market, Sixteenth
> and Noe streets— Rev. Theo. H. Wood
> .ward. '
•> Central Methodist, Mission street, between
> Sixth and Seventh— Clfles Edward
> Locke.
> — — . ; : :
> First M. E., Powell Btreet, near Washing
y ton— W. S. Urmy.
>
> ■ .
> Simpson Memorial, corner Httyes and Bu
> chanan streets — Rev. John Stephens'.
> ■■'. -■■;'.•;- ' ' -. ■
> Trinity M. E., corner" Fulton street and
> Allston way. Berkeley— Rev. John Coyle.
> _, '— '■ .
> Epworth M. E. Church. Church and Twen
> t> -sixth streets — Rev. W. M. Woodwartl.
> . — ■
> Potrero M. E., Tennessee street, near So
> lano— Rev. S. M. Woodward.
> Richmond Methodist, northeast corner
> Clement street and Fourth avenue — Rev.
> George Baugh.
j. _ 1 .
> Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church, Fifteenth
\ avenue south and P street — Rev. W. D.
> Crabb. . "."
> ■ — '■
>> Bethel African M. E. Church, Powell
>■ street, near Jackson — Rev. W. B. An
i> derson. .
> — _____^^— —^^— —
•> First United Presbyterian, corner Golden
> Gate avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. H.
> Bell.
> — : ' — ■
> First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue and
> Sacramento street— Rev. R. Mackenzie.
>
> — , . — _____—_—___———_—————____
> Calvary Presbyterian, Powell and Geary
j> streets— Rev. J. Hemphlll. .
> Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
> Webster streets— Rev. 3. S. Cryor.
>
>■ ■ ■
> — ■ — ——
> Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth avenue
•> . and ' Railroad avenue— Rev. Herbert N.
> ■ Bevier.
>_ — — _ — — , .•
> Trinity Presbyterian, southwest corner
> Twenty-third and Capp Btreets— Rev.
> Alexander N. Carson.
>
>
> — ■
>' Franklin street Presbyterian, corner Frank
»: lin and Vallejo streets— Rev." David Jameß.
■> First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary
> and Franklin streets— Rev.: Dr. Stebblns,
> emeritus; Rev. Stopford W. Brooke.
> ' ' __ _
> Second Unitarian, Twentieth and • CapD
> Btreets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
>
> T. M. C. A., Ellis and Mason streets—
>. Eveleth, D.D.
»
> First Church of .Christ,- Scientist, Central
> -block, .223 Sutter street, between Kearny
> street and Grant avenue— The Bible and
> Science, and Health. With Key to the
> Scriptures* *■
> Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ 320
> Post street . . '
Hales.
Morning— Rev. Father Sardi. R. J., will
preach on the Gospel at 10:30 mass. Even-
Ing Sermon by Rev. Father Dennis Ma
honey, S. J.
Morning— Mass and sermon by one of the
Fathers. Evening— Sermon after vespers.
Morning— Beginning of forty hours' devo
tion; celebrant. Rev. Father Cassinl: dea
con. Rev. Father Feldman (Franciscan
Order); sub deacon. Rev. Joseph Orenl;
sermon by a Jesuit Father.
Morning— "The Presence of Christ In the
World To-day." Evening— "Was the Hu
manity of Christ the Same aa Our Hu
manity?"
Morning— 7 o'clock, holy communion; 11
o'clock, prayer. Evening — Evensong.
Morning— Sunday school at 9:30 o'clock.
Evening— Sermon by pastor.
Morning— Prayer. Evening— Evensong.
Morning — Address by James L. Houghtel
ing Esq. of Chicago, founder of the Broth
erhCH d of St. Andrew. Evening—Even
song.
Morn In?— Sermon by the pastor.
Same.
Afternoon— Preaching by pastor; special
music by choir of Calvary Presbyterian
Church under W. C. Campbell. Officers,
soldiers and their friends Invited.
Morning— "The I^ord Knoweth Them That
Are His." Evening — "The Importance of
Scripture Study."
Morning — "Daniel in the Lion's Den."
Evening— Services in honor of the late Rt.
Rev. Bishop Jehu Holllday, D.D.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same.
I Morning — "The Gospel for Everybody."
Evening — "Help Those Women"; the story
of a new method of helping the 'self-help
ful will be told.
Morning — "The Voyage of Life." Evening
—"What a Foolish Man Did."
Morning— "The Perfected Fruit.'" Even
ing — ''Appearances Deceptive."
Morning — Sermon by Rev. Dr. E. 8. Chap
man of the Anti-Saloon League. Evening
— Sermon by Rev. Dr. John Coyle.
Morning — Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Mr. Hotsford of the Salvation Army will
lead the chapter meeting.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—"What God Thinks of Us—Half
hour Talks to People Who Think."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Morning— "Labor— Working for the Master"
Evening— Praise and song Bervlce by the
Y. P. C. E. Society.
Morning— Quarterly communion: Lord's sup
per. Evening— "Very Near the Kingdom."
Morning— Rev. R. F. Coyle of Oakland will
preach. Evening— Sermon by Dr Mac
kenzie.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening
—"Peace on Mars Hill."
Mnrnlng— The presentation and consecration
of children and an address to parent and
child. Evening;— Rev. W. E. Smith will
assist the pastor.
Morning— "Behold, He Prayetn." Evening
—"Conscience."
Morning— "Tho Reasons Why Christiana
Should Attend the Prayer Meeting and th>;
Rules That Should Govern Us In Regard
tn tho Same." Kveninjj — "The Solemn In
junction."
Morning— "Discipline in tW Church." Even
ing—"The Greatest of All Teachers."
Morning— Sormon by Dr. Brooke on "The
Peace of Jesus and the Peace of Buddha."
Evening— No evening service. .
Morning— "Human Nature's Witness for
God." Evening— "The Discredited Atone
ment and the Real."
Afternoon— Union mass meeting of the city
churches. Dr. Evelcth will speak on 'Mis
sion Work and Jungle Travel in Burmah."
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock, "Probation
After Death"; all are invited.
Morning— Preaching at 11 o'clock. Evening--
Preachlng at 7:30.
Hales.
"Forty Hours' Devotion."
The first "Forty Hours' Devotion" to be
held in the new church of Corpus Christl,
at 60 Croke street, near Mission (Five
mile House), will be Inaugurated this
morning. The programme for the ser
vices is as follows: Mass to-day at 6:30
and 10 o'clock a. m.; procession Qf tho
most holy sacrament after solemn high
mass; masses on Monday and Tuesday
at 9 o'clock; solemn vespers, sermon and
benediction with the blessed sacrament
each evening at 7:30 o'clock; procession
of the most holy sacrament on Tues
day evening. Following are the names of
those who will participate in the solemn
high mass: Celebrant. Rev. Father ('a.^
sini; deacon. Rev. Father Feldman (Fran
ciscan Order); sub-deacon Rev. Joseph
Orenl. A sermon will be delivered by a
Jesuit Father. Tho choir, under the di
rection of Miss M. Rodgers, will render
special music.
"THE CREDIT HOUSE"
Six Stories High
A Chiffonier with five
drawers; 3^ feet wide.
Lots of convenience $3,75
Fifty styles of Chiffoniers in oak,
mahogany, birdseye maple and white
enamel. Go well with brass beds. The
furniture designers have outdone
themselves this year in producing rich
effects at low cost. Worth your
seeing. V-;'
Figured Tapestry Couch Covers in
olive green, neat patterns. Full three
yards long; fringed all around $1.45
Couch Covers in Oriental, Persian
' and Bagdad effects, $3.25. Good light
and easy chairs In the drapery depart-
ment invites you to a leisure hour
there.
CARPET DEPARTMENT
The growth of our carpet department
■ compelled us to put in an electric sewing
machine, capable of sewing 2000 yards
! a day. No other house west of Omaha
has such a machine. We can now sew
i as much carpet as we can sell, and our
i selling facilities are enormous. Come
! and see this marvel of machinery.
Large lot of Art squares just In.
Come into the rug room and see the
new things.
9x9 feet: $2.75
9xlos feet -...:.. 3.25
9x12 feet 3.75
Free delivery. Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley
NL FRIEDMAN & CO,,
233 to 237 Post St.. S. F.
Open evenings Near Stockton
•0 KB Bra w m si /*
ADWATS'S KEADY KKLIKF has stood
unrivaled betore the public for au years as a
1 am Remedy. . It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza Bron-
chltls. Pneumonia. Rheumatism, Neuralnla.
Headache Toothache and all pains. Internal^
lor Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All drugglata.